tE0RAEDm LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A BUCCAHEER. B ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER XXVL— (COXTIXUED) . it guddealy the witch stopped, and shaded csck'frdni her eyes her long flowing hair, gazing" intently at the sky. In the next lUnent, a flash of lightning— so bright that pvery one oc board the galley, except the cn-ceress, was dazzled and blinded by the ffj3r6_-tore out of the dark heavens : struck fce main topmast of the galley ; and with a t7ceh, like that of all the artillery in the ror'<3 fired oi£ in one salvo, passed gleaming do\en tic wood, shaking the ship as iou?h she na<l been lifted a hundred feet, -nd then allowed to fall splash into the sea', yhe cxulorion was followed by a thick sulphurous smoke, which seemed to ' come sre-vming up out of the inmost recesses of ho crftllev, ;:ud while the crew, blinded and almost cko-img in the yellow sulphurous fame, were groping about the deck, they h-ard tho loud screaming langhter of the ir'teh, followed by the croak of the ravens fr.-.ni the oatiu. ' At length the smoke or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and the men recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing as usual on the poop, with her old aqseot of haughty command. Her first yrovcSj com i. vies, "vvoro— — " - Fling '.hat carrion into the sea, and take warning by the fate of Torquil lvanda tow you dispute the will of such as I.' ' So the sailors advanced, all trembling,. to the foot of the mainmast, where lay the body «f the man of whom the witch spoke. He had been struck by the lightning, com rades, but there was neither scaith nor scar apoahis fv.-n, only on. the forehead a small round blue -pot. So the mariners lifted up the body, cn.i while it was yet warm plunged it over the side. It sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, the crew thought that the dead face frowned. That night Tronda sat alone in her c.liin, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had true when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon the table as before. All at "once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, aud then -ank down into the bronze, so that the cabin was almost iu tarkuess, and the two ravens fluttered and troaked. Tronda lifted up her head, and her livid lace became as the face of a statue carved out of blue and grey marble, for be fore her, standing as he had already done that «ay, was the form of Torquil Randa, with the blue spot upon his forehead where the lightning had struck it. " There was silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. ' I am sent from the dead,' it said, ' to give you a last warning.' " ' Return to those who sent yon,' answered the witch ; " I take no warnings.' "'I am bid to tell you,' said the spirit, ' that the measure of your iniquities is xearly full." " The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. " ' I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of "the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost encs of the earth.' "The figure of Torquil Randa gave a sad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crystal, which immediately irumbled into "black dust. 'The powers which are given to me,' said the spirit, ' are greater than yours.' " Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. " ' There will be given you one last oppor tunity,' the apparition said. e Will you re pent?' " ' No !' said the witcli of Lapland. " The figure of Torquil Randa grew less and less distinct, and as it disappeared, the flame of tuc lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled at Tronda's feet, flew back to their perches on her " The jL.oxr day, the galley meanwhile lying not far Cape Tiberoon, in His- paniola, there came yn hoard, in a small «anoe, a Spanish gi :1, wno soeinci, cliiD. mates, to have hardly life in her to climb up" tho low side of the galley. This girl was of a beauty rarely seen upon the earth, hut those who looked upon the bright red spot in her white cheek, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that, there was hardly a month's life flickering in her bosom ; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch. " ' Mother,' she said, ' I am dying fast, as von can see. I have a lover, my betrothed. He is coming across the ocean to bid me fare- Well. Oh, that I might live to see him : I have little gold , but what I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before I die. and that I may give up my spirit in his. arms.' " So sayiug. the Spanish girl held forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut. Tronda had opened her mouth to speak, when a third woman entered the cabin. She was a tall and .haughty dame, and as she observed the dying girl a smile, like that of a fiend, passed over her face. Her cheeks flushed, and hc-r eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The younger girl started \ back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing, upon tho floor. " Then the elder spoke thus— " ' I hate that woman. She is my rival She has wonfromme the man I love. I would prevent their meeting. She is poor, hut I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep hack his ship, until she be no more.' "With that, shipmates, the woman laid upon the table a lump of virgin ore, as big as a cocoa-nut. The' other girl said nothing, but still held out 'her smaller ofl'cring. Tronda stood be tween them musing. At last, she took the large lump, and dropped it into the' great shestfull at her feet. "'You shall have a baffling wind.' she said to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed'out weep ing; the crew let her down with careful hands into her canoe. "But at the moment when Tronda had made her decision, : the . sudden moan of a hollow sounding wind passed through the air, and tho galley rocked and laboured, as though an invisible hand had smote her. The witch remained long musing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash f oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, embarked iu the boats, were pulling fist for the land, while the horizon was again clouded as it had been when the witch drew lightning from the heavens. Tronda mounted upon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithless crue, when her eye sud denly fell upon Torquil, standing as he Lad stood, beneath tho mainmast when the levin holt struck him. Then she forebore, and remained witli drooping head, gazing into the sea below.. But wbat was remark able, was, that when the whole crew of the galley left her at once, instead i rising, she sunk still deeper m the water ; and as a heavy swell began to lift and heave around, the ship rolled and pitched with a stranire sickly motion. "Then came another portent. Tronda still stood npon the poop, when she started to hear a sadden pattering of feet, and a squeaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every" hatchway a whole legion of rats — young nes and old — brown aud grey — all of them making for the side of the vessel, and then plunging with a loud shrill squeaking into the sea, which was speedily dotted with "their little heads, all swimming merrily to land. IVhcn the last had leaped overboard, the figure of Torquil Randa glided softly aft and confronted the witch. Rats,' quoth the figure, 'leave a sinking ship.' Aud, as he spoke, the galley, appeared to float in the water more heavily", and deeply than ever, while the swells rose In great rocking billows, and- the moan of a coming wind hurtled over the sea. Still Tronda confronted the apparition with a lip which never quivered, and an eye whicn never blinked. ' My ammeters,' said she, ' were cham- "pions and heroes ; one of tbem — Erie Westra —descended into the tomb of Sigismtmd, ttho -aea king, and bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lamp which burns innlff a,lthou"h " was cuiirdcd bv monsters and potent spells. AVlfat art thou", then, that one m whose veins runs the blood 2SS AmM "nd But the apparitionsaid — " ' I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin and of Tiior, and a,S commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a punishment for thy wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' +i ' there rose a mighty wind, and tiie galley started away' before it. " In vain Tronda_ bade tho elements . to cease their strife — m vain sho knelt npon the poop, and, with her drenched hair all streaming iu the tempest, snnghermagic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves rose, unheedful of her spells, and so at last she started up from tho deck, and cried in a lamentable voice — " 'Alas ! alas ! my power is gone fronj. me, and the elements obey me no more !' "At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soared up into the tempest- tossed air, wheel ing round and round tlie rocking masts of the labouring ship. " ' And you too,' said Tronda, looldug up at them, ' leave me !' The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foul birds darted off, each his separate way, and were speedily lost in tho darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its fury. Had it been a barque manned by mortals,' tfcogr.lley would not have lived an. hour iu that sea : but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished irs destined course. For some space the Lap land witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were the only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pale flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes and sails as mariners in a gale. These shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her incanta tions had drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearless through ail this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flashing all around her wild grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. " At length, comrades, in the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting ou the deck amid the flying spray and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church hell, ' Land.' "At this the spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said — Now hear your doom". From this time forth you will hauat the cape on which we are driving ; and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners ; but yet, for every moment of time a ship is hindered ou her course, will you pass a year of torment, , such as it is not in the breast of man to con ceive. And this shall last even to the day when the sta shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige of her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil 6pirit of Cape Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid- watches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of tho storm, with her arms tossed above her head, as though she were still singing the chaunt which raised wind aad waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit furling a split sail, beheld the ancient face of the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make his way, all pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told what he had witnessed ; and certain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who S'.1W appearance would be drowned, i Now, word Dc1u5 passed through the ship of what had happeiiea, m came to the ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself ; and presently Sir Francis appeared out ©£ the main cabin. " ' What is this, I hoar, men,' says he, — that one of you has been frightened by a demon ? " 1 It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said tho sailor, by name James Gilbert. "'And what if it were?' quoth the admiral. Ho is but a coward. Ix he shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' "But for all these hold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert was flung from the lee foretop-sail yard-arm into the sea. After the first plunge, he never came to the surface, aad the old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts i Point Morant.." CHAPTER XXVII. WHAT HAPPENS AB0AKD THE SAUC1' SUSAN — AND THE ENDING OF JIEH AND UEE. CREIV. Three days after we boarded the Saucy Susan, I was the look- out man during a dark mid- watch. The wind was fresh, the sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along ; the sails straining and surging, and the masts and rigging cracking with the pressure. I was standing on the heel of the bowsprit, with my arm round the forestay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I . host could to avoid the cold . showers of brine which our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Rumbold. Is there any one about ?" quoth he ; " I want to speaK to you privately.-' Hut the breeze, although it blow strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. " My mind misgives me," says Rumbold, presently, " that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches every motion as a cat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Rouge, aud be, are aware that I" have pearls about me, and I go in constant dread. Did you see the three rogues to-day, how long and how earnestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every one of them, threw at me? It was ticklish work living among the Spaniards at the Rio de la Hacha, but I warrant you I feel never a bit more comfortable among my countrymen here." I inquired whete Jerry, tho Captain, and Nixon were ? Rumbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty far gone, he had been able to slip out to seek me. "Now," auothhe, "Idont intend that these rascals shall have my pearls, if I can keep them — and what is more, I don't intend that they shall have them, even although I mav not be able to keep them — they shall sro into the sea, which they came out of, first." I said, that surely the follows would not murder him for his wealth. "Well," he answered, "they would not murder, if they could steal without it — but if they can't, I do not suppose that a throat or so cut would make much difference." Upon this I replied, heartily shaking Rumbohl's hand at the same time,— " You helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps, I can help yon now — will you entrust the pearls to me V " My good fellow,' says Rumbold, with great eagerness, " that is precisely the favour I came to ask of you." And with that, he fumbled in Ins bosom, and presently drew out a sort of flat pouch, made of thin but tough leather, with straps which buckled round the body. We both looked eagerly to see that we were not ob served, but not a soul could be seen stirring npon deck. A lantern, swinging from the weather foreshronds, cast a dusky- gleam around upon the dripping bulwarks, and 'the' wet and slippery planks— but we wero alone. " Husli says lie, soltlv. " The pearls are in this pouch — there is a good thousand pounds worth — strap the belt tightly round yon, under your clothe3, the first time you have an opportunity. If you deliver it up to me safely at Jamaica, a third of the profits shall he yours — if anything happens to me, I make you my legatee — keep pouch and pearls, and make the best of them." He had hardly made tho transfer when a shadow glided darkly between us aud tho lantern. "We both rushed aft as far as the foremast and pried eagerly about ; but not a creature was to be seen. "Bah I " said Rumbold, " it was only the light, .swingiug'with the ship as she rolls." But my own belief was that some one had glided across the deck and mounted the weather forcrigging. I had not time, how ever, to communicate my thoughts to Rum bold when wo heard loud voices aad saw a glimmering of" lights afc, and immediately Jerry came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. " Farewell— take care I" exclaimed Rum bold. " I must not be seen here." So saying, he slid over to . leeward, and crept aft, uuder the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forerigging, grasped my shoulder, and asked me — ina thick voice and with a hiccup — whether all was well ? I replied in the affirmative, upon which he steadied himself on the deck as well as he could, and began to hum over ' a song to himself, sometimes stopping to put the same question to mo, half a dozen times over,- after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving a violent lee-lurch, he was pitched bodily against tlie bulwarks, and at the same moment a. heavy marling- spike fell with a crash from the rigging, tearing up white splinters in the deck. 'Hail it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderous iron would have eleftthe mate's head. All this happened in a, moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tre mendous oath, that there was treachery some where, called to me.to go aloft in the weather- rigging, while lie took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for he was certain it was that villainous Fortuguee dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both went into the rocking rigging. "We climbed over the rail of the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held t the barrel of a small pistol between his teeth. "The murthering rogue!" he cried. "But he has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! " We both looked up to the heel of the top gallant mast. The white canvas was tug ging. and straining upon tho bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against the mast and sail. " There he is — there's tho thief " Jerry roared, and we both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light-coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted — "Devil confound him — he has sent his knife into my shoulder," and immediately stopped, grasping the shrouds as though he feared to fall. Kuowing now that the Portu guese had no knife, I sprang rapidly up the shroud9 to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vaseo— his grim face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as he could. The next moment we hnd grappled together — neither of us spoke— hut the. Por tuguese attempted to seize my throat with his teeth; I caught him, however, by his hair, and wrenched his head backwaids, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and so overpower him. But the creature, although he had no strength tooope with me, was as lithe aud slippery a9 an eel, and sud denly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dunce before them — I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining ronnd my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In the instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tre- mendoun swing through the air, as the ship rolled violently, below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or-X should have been flung off into the sea, like a stone from a sling. At that moment tlie grasp upon rhy throat re laxed,— and with a litheness anil agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature— the Portuguese slid, as it were, from me, upon the main- royal stay, crawling and worming himself along towards the other mast. But Jerry, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from his cut, kept his eye steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied — "Ay, ay, I see him!" and, then, steadily taking aim, the explosion of the pistol re-echoed loudly, from sail to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly, dropping his leg9 from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. " Stand from under," shouted Jerry, " and allow the villain to drop clear. He has stabbed me as be did Shambling Ned." Vaseo uttered no sound, but he raised his legs again, seeking by .a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had. indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his bands, swinging dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutch ing the forerigging, not having moved since the knife of the Portuguese struck him. Tho watch upon deck having been aroused by Jerry's cries, and the report of the pistol, were running to- and-fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending the rigging towards us, when Jerry roared out again — " Stop — stop, every mother's sou of vou. where you are till the fellow falls, and then stand by to pitch him overboard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round his head to Jerry, and I saw his white, teeth, as the wretch grinned in his agony. The mnto answered this look with a loud laugh. "Some of you there below," he cried, " go into the great cabin, bring up a flagon of wine — and we'll drink to the murthering dog's speedy arrival in hell." The Portuguese now let go hold of the rope with his right hand — and then, as if to re serve his strength, hung for awhilo with the left. I did not think that the man would have had such endurance in him, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of. his arms were strong. , AU this time he never uttered a sound. Jerrv. too. held his peace, and the crew be- low "waited in silence, with their lanterns glimmering on deck. There was something very solemn in all this — the struggling and tossing ship— the rigid figures of the seamen — the silence, except for the wind and waves, and the writhing creature waring in the air. At length, he uttered one loud shrill cry of mortal agony, which echoed again and again between the sails, and immediately afterwards dropped like a stone. I heard the heavy thump with which he crashed down upon the deck Descending as quickly as I could I found that Jerry, in spite of his wound, which was, however, only a flesh cut, was standing over the Portuguese, who lay aU doubled up where he fell. "Up with the hound, and over tho side with him to the sharks !" said Jerry, in a low stern voice. Immediately the poor wretch was plucked from the deck, and four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. He gave no .sign of life ; but just as they heaved him up for the fatal swing, the lanterns being all gleaming around him, I saw him, his eyes still shut, make the sign of the cross upon his forehead. He was, therefore, still alive. " One I" cried Jerry. The fonr executioners, who seemed to like the job well, gave the wretch a swing- " Two, three!" thundered the mate, and at the last word, Vaseo of Lisbon was hove a fathom from the ship's side, into the boiling sea. As be plunged down into the brine, every one heard for a moment, aud no more, such a cry as he uttered just before he fell from the rigging. Then his voice was choked for ever. I could hardly deny but that the Portu guese merited his fate ; but the flinging overboard of a living man, without form of trial or condemnation, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nevertheless, none of the crew, except myself, appeared to he of that opinion, aud most of them said openly that it was a very good riddance, and that whether he had attempted the life of the mate or not, he was better in the sea than in the ship. As for Jerry, he had his wound — which was, as I have said, a flesh cut ou the shoulder — rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no more about the matter. When my watch was up, I went below in no merry mood ; and, presently, found an opportunity, while lying in my ham mock, which swung among near twoscore of similar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls as Rumbold had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, and I had not yet slept, for the end of the wretched Portuguese was still in my head, when there was suddenly a great thumping over head ou deck, aud an outcry for all hands to' turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers iu the ship- — how. in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs come down together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is soon dressed; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay iu my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over the weather bow at a small sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which was runniug along with ns, leaning over before the breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about half- a-dozen of sailors were running with sleepy scared looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the sea. I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the " Saucy Susau," wis just lifting from the water, aud driving iu vapour volumes before the wind. In appeared that the mist had partially dispersed just before all hands were roused up, anil that the look-out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been less wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing: but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leeward that he had no chance with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge, mounting into the weather-mizen rigging, trumpet in haud, hailed to the sloop to surrender ; and Jerry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward were all ready. "She is a barco longo— .a Spanish express boat, comrades," he shouted : " and we must overhaul her despatches before we part com pany." Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very staunchly by the steorsmau, and conning bis ship. Once he motioned to the latter to put the lielm down, as if he intended suddenly to' luff, and go round on the other tack : hut changing his mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Ghiffon Rouge again hailed the sloop to surrender, but still without effect, and I observed that in a temporary kill of the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the bull-like voice of Jerry thundered out along the deck — " The first gun ready there — send your cold iron aboard of him !" Josiah Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old dim eyes flashed up at the notion of a fray ; and so, stooping over the gun aud sheltering the priming from the wind with his trembling hand, he glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to the zenith, now do wn to the billows, according to the motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end- of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its flame, and started back with the ex plosion, the carriage cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the dis charged cannon lay near the centre of the deck, its grimed mouth yet hot and smoking. The discharge was a lucky one. . The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over the sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, aud blew fluttering in rags out of the bolt-rope. "Back tbe main topsail," cried Jerry. " The run is taken out of him.'' But just as the yard swung round, the captain of the sloop made but one leap down into his cabin, tlie skylight of which was open, and directly re-appeared, carrying in. liis hand a small metal box or casket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, when I heard the report of a carabine from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the air, and fell in a heap upon the deck, above his burden. "That is the despatch box," quoth old Ward. " He meant to fling it into the sea, hut Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him." J ust then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed iu good Spanish that if any one of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle with the box. he would hang every one of them tip to the peak of their own vessel. At that the Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows of the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at bow and stein to unhook the tackles as slie touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crew offer ing no resistance. The first thing he did when he got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the body, and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay in his blood upon the deck, coughing from time to time, and sputtering the thick gore from his mouth. Meantime, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after examining them by. means of . ,one of his boat's crew, who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatch- box was all safe, and contained advices from St. Juan, in Porto Rico, to Truxillo, under Capo Honduras, and that he would presently search the cabin for. further information. Meantime another boat had been got into the water, and I was ordored to form one of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stern sheets, and presently we all leaped on board the Spaniard. The first thiug the mate asked for was the despatch-box. It was a very stout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marline- spike which he brought with him, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about him, soon saw a good packet of letters, and despatches of different lengths, tied for the most part carefully with silk, and hearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat him down upon tbe -deck, and while the rest looked anxiously on, began wi h great coolness to peruse the documents one by one. They seemed to bo but of little interest, for as he read, his brows darkened, and he crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were soon floating, like so many white birds between the sloop and the ship. At length he opened a paper, scaled with black and red wax, which he had no sooner seen than he started up, crying, " Ha, this will do, even though there be no other!" And then stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of one of the captured Spaniards, whether there was an axe in the ship? The man shrank back from tbe question. " Why, you fool," continued the mate, in broken Spanish, "I am not going to chop off thy head with it ; hut I tell thee what, if the axe be not forthcoming speedily, I may find means of making thee a head shorter without it." - v So the weapon was duly produced. «' Now, Benjamin Mackott," says Jerry, addressing one of the first boat's crew, " I heard yon boast the other night how speedily you could fell a tree in Virginia. Take the axe, and prove thy words on the mast of this sloop." \- At this the Spaniards, who guessed , by tbe gestures which passed what -was to he done, ' set up rery djpjgl Iamentotiqns. fffid. fegpg to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. " You may get to land," replied Jerry, " very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it, or we shall have a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our ears." In the meantime. Mackett, who was a sturdy fellow as might be, first applied the axe to the standing rigging, and in a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings at the bulwarks, col lapsed, a6 it were, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and work with the rolling of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Mackett, flinging aside his doublet, laid tbe broad bright axe to the wood with good will. The white chips glanced about the deck, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the/ mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. "Now,"' says Mackett, stopping in his work, " which side of the sloop shall I send the mast over?" " Over any side, with a murrain to thee, so thou makest haste," answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just as tho sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up under her keel, he struck the finishing blow with such good will that the axe sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like a musket-shot, the mast, with all its appurtenances of rigging and fluttering canvas, fell crash ing into . the sea, smashing to dust the light bulwarks of the sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to mb and rasp against the side of the vessel, impelled by tlie of the swell. "And now, Spaniards," said Jerry,'— you may get to Truxillo as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there." . With that we all got into our boats again ; most of the crow jeering at and flouting the disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as they stood like men bewildered upon the deck of their crippled ship. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain.; tho man .was quite dead, aud becoming stiff and cold already. Y Our oars fell into the water, and the boats were speedily hoisted up to the davits of the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, touched his hat to Le Chiffon Rouge very ceremoniously, and presented him. with the casket of despatches and the particular letter which he had read, the ship all this time lying to, hut gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed hut little surface to tho wind. After a pretty long communion between these two worthies, Le Chiffon Rouge ordered the boat swain to call all hands, aud presently the whole crew wero grouped round the mainmast. Then tho captain, taking off his hat, began to make one of his usual speeches, a. part of his duty, in fact, which he appeared fond of, being of a long- winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he now said were UB follows: — The Saucy Susan, as they all knew, was bound on a cruise to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, they were their own 'masters, and could change their cruising ground as of ten U3 they thought fit. Well, here were certain despatches newly captured from the " Barco Longo," as one of them related to a rich Spauish ship which was shortly expected in these seas, the cap tain proposed that it be read aloud in English, . for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing the contents of the paper, they might determine as they thought fit. The crew received this oration with signs of great satisfaction, aud one or two cried out. "Ay, ay, translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider." Upon this; Le Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbold, who came forward, and placed the important letter in the pearl merchant's; hands.. . Rum bold looked at the manuscript, which was written in a fair haud, and then read out very fluently as follows : — From my House at Ferrol. Upon sucli a date. Good and trusty Manual— . " You have been absent at the mines in Darien. when in sadness" and sorrow, I re turned to the main land in the lone-hoat of the great galleon, reft of all the treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plun dering heretics, who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest the Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particu lars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaclling'PortO Bello, to which place we scudded before the wind, which was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were SO favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiers, and buccaneers, and sail very prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthagena galleon, thatwas indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my petition to the King that he will cause repre sentations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the con- duet and bearing of their subjects in our Indian" seas. The manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days' sail from Car thagena, we beating to windward, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, -but which vanished before tho dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all was . well, and a very good look-out kept from all parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozing, just after having lieard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin, and looking half-asleep, half-awake at the lamp as it swung to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows npon the tapestries, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and tho ruuninir of feet upon the deck above, and then. Manual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage " hurrahs' which are the war-cry of the English, followed almost on the instant by a shcck which made the great galleon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying down the cabiii -stairs our friend Gollado, of the Hermitage Plantation, his face like unto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined and undone, for that while the watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by tlie calmness' of the weather, a pirate schooner had suddenly laid the galieon on board, aud that our good cap tain bad fallen in the very volley I had just heard discharged. " But even while be was speaking the up roar on dcolt was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sides of the two vessels encountered when tlicy rolled, and the fierce outcries and clash of steel, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired while the pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leaping upon tlie deck. They were devils, Manual. No man could resist them. They yelled and fought, and seemed to de spise their lives ; aud accordingly, in a mo- ment, and ere A could oven put on my gar ments, in came the spoilers, rushing down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old man, naked to the waist, and witli a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading them on, sword and pistol in hand. Thus were we constrained to surrender. "Nevertheless, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice : they sought not to ha-m our persons, and wero even (in their way) courteous to us their prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty and somewhat dignified aspect, and whom they called ' Captain Jem/ and sometimes ' Stout Jem.' " Hera Rumbold made a pause, 3 if to cough, and glanced slily at me. Oh, how my heart leaped as 1 listened. Honest, noble Captain Jem ! No prisoners hut what would have mercy and courtesy at rhy hands ! Rumbold continued! — "This old man' presently desired to speak with me privately, and, quoth he, ' There; was one of our crew captured by Spaniards at Garthegena; tell me, - truly, is he dead or alive?" At this I bethought me that there had been, indeed, an English prisoner ex amined at the 'alcalde's ; for that strange man, Don Jose, harl informed mc of the font, and also that the Englishman behavod . yery twihUf when put . to his trial j and this I told to tho pirate cap tain, adding, that I understood that he had made his escape into the woods, and, although lie had been seen in the streets ot (Jartliagena at night, and hotly pursued, yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand in a strange fashion, and whispering me. ' I loved that young man as though 1 were his parent,' added, ' We make war npon yon Spaniards, but we are no thieves : therefore let each man of you take his clothes and his private stock of money, aud descend speedily into tho boats. The ship aud cargo we claim, but not tbe private goods of passengers and crew.', "I give thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them tedious. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boat3, and saw the galleon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster ; now to another matter." ' una tne matter which concerns us most, shipmates," said Jer.ij\ " Go on, Mr. Rum bold." I give the latter part of the letter with all its details although the information involved in.it came at last to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to change our plans, and indirectly led to the loss of tho ship. The letter then ran somewhat as follows : — "And now, gooa manual, ourineud and correspondent, Juan Gramada, of this town, designing speedily to send forth a. goodly ship, bound to Truxillo, and laden, with wines, cloths, laces, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have advised him that he should cause her to pause ii, Ho. course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward oi ibo Dutch possession of Curaeoa, and considerably to the east of tw usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Venezuela. These islets are called Isles des Ares, or Bird Islets. I have landed upon the ;i ; they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds, and they are full of good harbours and creeks, where a. ship may commodiouely ride at anchor. My advice, then, to "Juan Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let his ship pause at these islauds, her captain having been there once before; and that, in the meantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to the Isles des Aves, hearing intelligence as to whether the sea9 westward be pretty clear, so as to make the run across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tiding3, then the captain of Gruraada's ship has instructions to direct the course of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to the Havaiibah, as you iriiiy think fit, where the wares can be disposed of to advantage." These were tho chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to any of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronounced. It was Pedro Davosa. "When Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. "Now, comrades," quoth he, " you have heard the news. What say yo, shall we continue our course to the south west, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat up for the Isles des Avcs ? I toll you that a cargo such as the writer nientionfith is worth looking for, and it may be that we shall in the mcantime- light upon prey as valuable running down from the islands as we should have met upon the coast of the main." Upon this, Josiah Ward, being one of the oldest men on board, gave as his opinion that we 'ought to steer eastward for the Isles des Aves, keeping not far from tlie mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay -which many Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart fiom. ' This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to south east, and then, with a hearty cheer as an opening to our new cruise, we moved away,, leaving the Bareo Longo, with her over thrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. TO T.K CONTINUED.) 