Cries, ek WHEN WE WERE BOYS. BF WILLIAM O'BRIETF, M.P. o JOHN DIMOK—IX MEMOBY OF IUXIOUB TEAES AND GL0RI0C8 HOPES. CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) YOUNG NEVILLE heard the news at the Chrysanthemum, where he was perspiring over the composition of a letter of three Hues to his stud-groom. < pact. Th<j Wild Irish Girl's bolted, said $fortla'k^, 'vifcose function in life it was to circulate as a sort of stop-press edition of all such items of intelligence. 'You don't say so, 1—by jove!' exlaimed Lord; Amara,n th, who represented ie bhjing public of tfye. early and ex- dWivenev?^men. , •••'Ko't gone, swd another. 'Mortlake's wrong. as usual, tjnly going—under a TOw t9 bury herself in some Irish bog or other; to teacji a hobbledehoy brother of hers pothooks—-such a shame!—the law ought to forbid it—as bad as burying herself ali,ve in a convent, every bit.' •'A convent it is to be—one under tha rule of the Abbey of Th&ime;,' grinned Mortlake, with an evil sneer. ' Bet my hit nobody tells who the fellow is, except myself P And I can only guess.' 'Mortlake, you will die of cancer of the tongue." ' Don't you think you had better look to you; own symptoms of softening of the brain, old fellow?' 'Why did fellows turn the head of that girl ?' asked Lord Amaranth, pettishly pulling flakes oit his cigar, as one who had, somehow, been treated badly in the matter. ' Do you know, I always thought the mother was immensely the finer woman of the two P I could never understand those wild Irish ways of the girl—a man could never be sure what they meant.' • You can be sure what they mean now,' said Mortlake, emboldened by Lord Amaranth's pique. ' It is always the way with these wild people. The love of the beautiful savage is all very well for a time—it begins like a page of "Hiawatha," and ends by an elopement with the junior footman.' 'Neville has overheard you. He'll smash your face/ Said somebody. He had, indeed, overhead a few vital words of the conversation*; but he was not thinking of Mortlake. Instead of smashing Mortlake's face, he got up, looking straight before him, qnd walked oat of the room, leaving the dabbled page behind him on which he had scrawled— ' Chudley, the Yet, thinks that instead of the steel balls——' _ He went out into St. James-street as dizzy as a man who had juBt suffered sunstroke, and with no more notion of where he was going than one in delirium has of his destination when he is being whirled through endless galleries of grinning human heads. His legs walked away with him to Bashleigh-street by an independent mechanism of their own. Ten thousand lovers have done the like before him, and never once asked themselves what brought them there, or found it dull out on the comfortless flags, with nothing but sooty brick vails to stare at, except two lighted windows, which, for all he knew, illuminated Mrs. Mao- An aspic at her evening meal of tea and Bhrimp8. But love, if a hard taskmaster, can pay his slaves with all sorts of pretty, cheating fairy gold. Neville, who was QPt in ordinary a man of imagination, could see through the thick walls and the dirigily.illumined curtains as plainly as if he saw with mortal eyes a rosy vision of beauty, with unconquered dark-blue eyes, and imperial diadem of hair, fleeing, aeeing far from him into space, and leaving only a faint trail of perfumed light in the black world behind her. Snll he did so burn to see her just once more with corporeal eyes; if even Harry, swaggering home from the Golden Shades ausic-hall, .would only turn up, what a JflJiSit jff>nld te! Nay, he once conceived a Wild thought of knocking at the door, and then, running to hide, in the behef that.merely seeing the door open Maid not be without its consolations. Nobody and nothing appeared, however, u&il; a policeman as dreamy as himself knocked up against him with the sensawon of having knocked up against a lamp-post. Luckier than most lovers in such cases, his devotions were not, as it happened, directed to the wrong address- Jnside the pall-like curtains of the ughted windows, the rosy vision was in truth glowing by Lord Drum- Shatighlin's side, or,' to be accurate, was •feted on a footstool at his knee, while; fffflf Neville and the policeman Were' "faded BihceWe last svw Miss Westropp. in that faint pink ball-dress which covered her like a beautiful blush. There were dark suggestions under her eyes, and white suggestions about her cheeks, of anxious, nnrestfnl nights; her hair tumbled in shining cascades around her shoulderB, and her little hand was laid pleadingly upon her father's. She was justifying, as she had been justifying, oh! so many weary times during the last three days, to him and to herself, the determination which had caused Mr. Mortlake's cancerous tongue to wag. She pleaded under the disadvantage that the very looks and caresses, which, upon any other point, would have had an easy victory, did but aggravate intolerably the anguish, the incredibility of her present caprice. Briefly, she had come to the determination that, as Harry could remain no longer in London, and had lost all hope of employment through the medium of Mr. Jeliiiand, she would herself go back with him to Drumshaughlin, and try what she could do to Bave him. The monks all tell us that the postulant' 8 first day of loneliness in Ms narrow cell is one of miserable doubts whether he altogether knew his own mind when he fled the gladsome world. Such had been Mabel Westropp's lonely conflict duting these last bitter nights and days in the torture-chamber in which her own resolution had immured her. Did she really know what she was doing in turning her back on London P There were a dozen young girls of her season who outshone her in classic perfection of form and distinction of manner; but there was not one on whom society was readier to lavish the adoration reserved for the chosen ones to whom, like the Mexicans of old, it offers a year or two of divine honours before immolating them. She was too young to understand that it was the faint sensuous fumes of worship which made the air of ballrooms so subtly sweet; she enjoyed it all as naturally as a sensitive flower opens its petals to the sunshine. But she did enjoy it with the simple ardour of a girl for whom the bright paradise of youth was opening in all its freshness and springtime revelry, and who had boundless store of health, and joyousness and honesty of heart to find in waltzes, operas, and pretty frocks the materials of immeasurable interest, glory, and delight. She had sipped these pleasures with a free born heartiness which had sometimes caused the double-barrelled eye-glasses of the Lady Dankroses to tremble with horror, in mere wilfulness and caprice, it seemed; and now, to indulge what seemed no better than caprice of a newer and more outrageous fashion, she, who had denied herself nothing,' was about to deny herself everything. Was the step she was about to take likely to be of service to anybody P What real hope could there be for a young gentleman who made a confidant of Quish, the bailifE P Would he not rather dtag her down with him into the abysmal meanness and stagnation of life in an Irish country town? into the mosquito-spites of Miss Harman's archery club, or into Miss Deborah Harman's plans for arguing hungry little Papists out of their dogmatic errors with a soup-ladle P Was- even her motive an unmixedly good one? Was she not— some mocking spirit kept asking her tortured soul—was she not adhering to her resolution mainly because in a Quixotic moment she had formed it, and because she found more pleasure in being wilful than in being right ? Had not the very storm which her determination brought about her a considerable influence in making that determination unshakeable P There was ever so much truth in these self-reproaches, for, like most young ladies who have enjoyed a father's idolatory without a mother's counsel, she was not always quite sure where duty ended and caprice began. But clear amidst all these swamps and shifting mists of doubt there stood qut ineffaceably that lonely figure of her neglected brother, with the vacant eyes and dishevelled hair, moping away his friendless youth in that gloomy sepulchre of a castle, picking up the poorest crumbs of ihuman friendship in the stables and the jpUblichouse, while she was basking in the glow of London drawing-rooms, sipping the honey of men's vows. Whenever his image came back upon her ^nind—Harry, with whom she had' first dgjred the ghost of mad Dick Warbro in jthe castle cellars, with whom she had Erst climbed the breezy heights of Hungry for the white heatner, and heard the waterfall dash down to its grave in the Wolves' Glen—she had no more doubt what was her duty than if she Saw a child on the edge of the waterfall in Coomnaguira, walking blindfolded. Mabel, though she was two yearB younger than Harry, and though he had )Qrne her in his strong arms for a conideivbfo portion of that first ascent of. angry Mountoin, regarded himirresis. >iy could doubt that he stood on the brink of the terrible white abyss—if, haply, he was not already over it P But there was more thbn that. Plynlymmon was not wholly astray in his cynical surmise of ' a braise somewhere.' Harry's appearance in London, and the awful gulf it had revealed in the household, had set Mabel's thoughts travelling in regions of vague, feverish terror, in which she cried and strained for a mother's strengthening arm with the longing of a sick child. Some gossamer, chilly shadow began to float between her and all this ballroom radiance—some impalpable, oppressive sense of discomfort which manifested itself in a certain awe of those cold, stately, perfect dames, beside whom she began to feel something of the shrinking of an overrated county coquette. Poor Ueggy Neville's luckless declaration of love somehow augmented her unintelligible and unconquerable self-distrust — augmented, above alii her wild, lonely aching for a mother's sheltering arm and divining soul. Her feeling upon this score was not so much thought as shadowy, formless impression; but it was an impres- sion strong enough to bring back the breath of the pure free hills of Beara, smelling sweeter than all the delicate pastilles and essences of Mayfair. Also, her want of a motherly confidante had given to her sympathies a freer range than is usual with young beauties whoBe first Court costume was hardly yet tost. Her highest dream of happiness was making others happy ; and in the limitless sun-heat of her own bright nature she could not see why all the world might not be steeped in the same joyous, tender, hopeful sun-bath, and sing from soul to soul, and from creature to Creator, like the morning stars. Perhaps it was visiting that one lowly spot in her own heart that gave her so keen a perception of how much loveableness and how little love the great, dark, sufEering, indelibly angelic human heart was composed. With a vague, girlish zeal she stormed against the heartless, self-glorifying league of two against the world, which cheats the world, of woman's unsunned treasures of human sympathy in the name of Love; she felt a certain guilty tremour run through all her ballroom joys whenever she thought' what was this among so many'—what a speck of costly, selfish brightness was this amidst the glooms and despairs of London; and I am afraid Lady Dankrose would give up all lingering hope of regeneration for a young lady who would dream now and again of some new miracle of the loaves and fishes which would make the ballroom walls expand, until all the sons and daughters of men were gathered into its golden glow, where there should be ices, and waltzes, and love whispers, and divine music for all, and pinched cheeks and lacerated hearts no more under the sun. Such was the tangle of half-formed thoughts out of which poor Mabel's throbbing little heart had to evolve some plan for beginning her regeneration of the world by leaving father and mother to their own devices in the very crisis of a triumphant London season. The old man at first stormed and raged like a maniac when his daughter broke the news to him. ' You shan't! by God, you shan't!' he roared in his rage. ' You are mad. I forbid it. Not another word!' The excitement plunged him into a genuine nervous fever, which left nothing behind the next day except depression. ' You want to kill me,' he cried, complainingly. ' I'm an old man, Mabel. Don't go and take the light of my life away with you.' There was a tear in his eye. The blow had actually struck water from a heart which self-indulgence had all but turned to stone. ' But, papa, why should you not come F ' 13—leave London!' He started back under a new terror— his every tendril and tentacle had got gripped into the'easy, lazy, luxuriant life of an elderly London club-beau, like some ancient, mossy parasite clinging around a deciduous tree, and sucking its uices; and here was a hatchet lifted to strike away his tenacious hold of the associations which furnished him with the sap of life, and fling him, a hacked and withered old creeper, on the ground to go in search of something new to cling to. He could scarcely believe his ears. ' Drumshaughlin can be made a jolly place enough for the autumn, I am sure. We should get you up your billiardroom in the Warbro Tower—you should have your sessions and your grand jury— why not a harvest-home P The grouse mountains are the best in the county, and then there would be the fox-hunting IT is so long since you nad a gallop, pifjfa,' % gpes in Ihje ' ®P circus horses do.'' I do not want a gallop, child,' cried Lord Drumshaughlin snappishly. He was alarmed beyond measure to find himself suddenly put upon the defensive by this savage proposal to tear him from his rooted London fifes and cast him shuddering into an Irish bog. To be deprived of Mabel was a terrific blow, but to be cast out of London was quite a new fiendish, jest of fate which almost took his breath away. ' There are — ahem! — various reasons—decisive reasons—why I cannot live in Ireland.' 'Mr. Harman's ghost stories. Papa, you aTe not afraid of ghosts—not afraid of anything,' she said proudly. Lord Drumshaughlin frowned. ' Don't be ridiculous, child. Hans Harman is one of the most cool-headed men in the country, and he has warned me repeatedly that my life would not be worth twentyfour hours' purchase in Drumshaughlin without police protection.' * Then I really think they ought to shoot himself, for, if any one deserves it, I am sure it is not my dear old pappy.' Lord Drumshaughlin felt perplexed and angry. He was really an unpopular landlord, as men who stand between hungry people and a full meal will be ; and, besides the chance that his presence in Ireland might charge a blunderbuss against his life, there was the still more formidable certainty that it would stir a battalion of sleeping Irish creditors into activity. He was no more afraid of a bullet now than he was when he saw the flash of Antonaceio's pistol that night in the hotel in the B>ue de la Paix. What he shrank from was not the danger, but the discomfort of being paragraphed in the newspapers, of having armed policemen about him. instead of his soft-footed valet, of being obliged to keep an eye to his revolver instead of sunning himself in peace, at his club windows. This was, however, the least element in his repugnance to quitting London. He had put it forwardwith emphasis in the belief that murder was of all things the topic most likely to scare a woman, and, behold! here was his bogey laughed out of countenance, and nothing better left for him to say than, * I. request you will not talk in that manner, Mabel. Yon do not understand.' ' I do not understand why anybody in the world should want to hurt a hair of your head, papa—and nobody shall!' she cried, clasping the head referred to in the shelter of her beautiful arms; and, indeed, any further protection iu the way of police escort seemed a ridiculous impertinence. ' The old people will be only delighted to have you back once more—I am sure they will. I have heard them say a thousand times nothing would ever go wrong if the master was at home to keep an eye to things. Unless, of course,' she added, with a sudden spasm of doubt, 'unless mamma has any objection to your coming.' ' But mamma does object. She would most properly object,' cried Lord Drumshaughlin, grasping at the suggestion like a drowning man. 'Your mother cannot be left alone in London. There really ought to be some consideration for her,' he said with the air of a man who had cheerfully effaced himself from the calculation. The last virtue of the egoist, who is not altogether petrified, is the necessity for weaving some ray of altruism, however flimsy, to cover his selfishness. 'I am afraid mamma would be still less pleased if Harry was to remain in London,' said Mabel quietly. ' Yes, yes, but Harry does not want to remain in London—I am sure he does not think of such a thing,' said Lord Drumshaughlin testily. The girl's selfsacrifice stirred up many a bitter pool , of remorse in his own memory, and'fce. tried desperately hard to think that itwas Harry who was a ne'er-do-weel and Mabel an unfeeling child, and not he himself who was' drugged to the lips in self-indulgence from the guilty days in the Vallinzona down to this moment when he was letting the son of his impassioned youth sink back without a struggle into a life of dreary vacancy and blight. Lord Drumshaughlin had a bad memory, which was one of his" luxuries ; he hated anything that jogged it. 'No, dear papa, you will find there is nothing for it but my own plan.'' ' Which is, to rob me of my comfort in my declining days, to worry your mother, to ruin whatever prospects we ever had in society—prospect which, you cannot but feel, were dear to me only as they effected your future and your settlement in life ' 4 Papa J' ' But, yes, child. You are old enough to know that I am poor, and that in London you have your choice of scores of young men who would be able to make a suitable provision for the happiness of mj darling. And you must turn your £ack upon this—you must break your mother's )iea?t and mine—all in otder that a grown young man may not feel lonesome in Drumshaughlin Castle, with two horses to ride and twenty miles of mountain to shoot over,' he cried hotly. It was such a relief to be able to be indignant with somebody besides himself. The thought that the grown young man was her brother and his son struggled almost to her lips, and that two horses and twenty miles of shooting did not, possibly, mean bliss enough to reconcile him to a tainted name, a mother's repugnance, a father's neglect, and a stunted youth passed far from the splendours which ought to hare been his—without one elevating association, one ray of generous ambition, one throb of human sympathy. But she was perfectly aware that when her father spoke hotly it was not because he believed he was right, but because he knew he was wrong; and she was too well satisfied that she was winning to make a cruel use of her victory. ' I suppose women are always wrong in an argument, papa—that is a good woman's reason why you should let me have my way all the same,' she said, laughingly. ' If you are right, Harry will soon enough get tired of me, or I will get tired of him, and abandon him to his dogs and gun, Then you'll have a Prodigal Child returning to beg you not to cast her off just yet to one of those incomparable yonng gentlemen who, I must say, papa, appear to have been more confidential with you than they have been with me'—she could not help saying with a touch of her old irrepressible hardihood. 'But just wait until I've had fair play as housekeeper atDrumshaughlin. Give me only four months to try what I can do, and if I cannot tempt you over to my cosy little chimneycorner at Drumsnauglilin for the winter, in spite of all Mr. Herman's drawings of death's-heads and cross-bones, I here bind myself to surrender at discretion in the spring, and come back to be disposed of, like the body of a decapitated traitor, at your majesty's pleasure. What could be fairer P' The old lord felt a SDeaking sense of relief. The ground of debate had been skilfully shifted. He who had, as it were, entered into court in the dread ermine of justice to arraign his daughter for going to Drumshaughlin, shambled out of the dock, glad to escape being sentenced to accompany her. If he were forced to the choice—liis daughter's society, idolatrously as he loved her, in the one scale; and, in the opposite scale, his club, his haunts, his habits, his dinners, his—other ties which lie would have cut out his tongue rather than whisper a hint of in the same room in which his daughter was breathing—his conscience reproached him darkly as to which side his election migiit incline to. But there was now no need of a vexatious examination of conscience of that eort. A sacrifice, indeed, had to be made for the sake of his children—a sacrifice that he eould take some personal credit for; he even felt some of the pure pleasure of immolation, for in his heart of hearts he rejoiced that the wealth of love which he was surrendering was going to enrich his poor half-witted and slighted son. Distinctly, therefore, he was doing a meritorious thing; and now did not Mabel herself tell him that his severance from London was not part of the plot at all, and even hint that his presence in Drumshaughlin just yet would only spoil 'it P To give him his due, he was much too poor a hypocrite to make any great disguise about his relief. 'Very well, Mabel,' he growled, 'as you have not asked for my advice, I suppose I ought not to give it' (which sentence was abruptly closed by two bright red lips). ' All I can say is,' he added, judicially, sorely at a loss for anything particular to say at the moment, ' I hope it may do some good to somebody. Of course, I shall have to take you across myself.' •If Mr. Harman will let you,' she said, laughingly. ' Oh, Harman's an ass—confound him!' 'Bat, indeed, papa, I feel I don't in the least deserve it; and, besides, I shall not be dull. I Bhall have Harry—and Quish, too, you know,' she added, merrily. 'Mabel, I insist,' cried Lord Drumshaughlin; it was the farthing in the ponna which his conscience wouldn't rest easy until he had paid by way of composition. ' At least, I shall put you in the train in Dublin, and see everything right; and then'—in a burst of guileless egoism—'there will be just time to catch the Holyhead boat the same night. Certainly, Mab !—that's what we'll do; I won't hear of any objections, child,' he cried, as if his catching the returning mail-boat had given him the paramount and unanswerable triumph in the debate. Either Lady Drumshaughlin was less, tractable, or Mabel used less pains to win her. Her ladyship had kept her room ever since her rencounter with Harry upon the landing-place. She sent for him, indeed, the next day, and had a' dutiful little interview with him, and asked him when did he come, and when was he going, and hoped he would not be such a foolish boy, or let her be hearing unpleasant stories of him; all of which Harry bore as stolidly as if his neighbour in a railway carriage bad been asking him wasn't it wretched weather P and weren't the papers dullP and would this train meet the Clapman train at Willesden Junction P Everybody understood that her ladyship's nerves were not to be put to such a test again by Harry's remaining in London ; but the announcement of the terms on which she was about to get rid of him perfectly enraged her. Mabel's beauty was the talisman that unlocked to her dozens of houses at whose doors she had spent weary, wistful years of waiting; and now, in the moment of victory, her talisman was to be snatched out of her hand; she as to be left wandering as of old outide the golden caverns, crying : ' Open, illet! Open, barley!' Her lifetruggle for recognition, her hopes of an nglish peerage and of a noble son-inaw who would make that recognition omplete, were to be as good as frusrated—all to indulge a girlish whim hich still cut her to the quick while she 'Remember!' she cried, all fury and gesture, her eyes glittering like points of fire. ' Remember you embark upon this folly without my consent and against my most positive desire. You are compromising my prospects and your own, and your know that. I should not be surprised if it was to spite me!' she cried, giving full rein to her passion. Miss Westropp was as white and almost as much horrified as if her mother had stabbed her. Without once having thought of her as the dreammother in whose bosom she could cry happy tears, she bad always taken it for granted that Lady Drumshaughlin was a handsome woman, sometimes imperious in her temper, always unjust to Harry, but in every other sense soft, caressing, and attractive; what was her horror now to find a perfect fury glaring at her through her mother's eyes, and threatening her with clenched hands and ground teeth! I will come back when you feel better, mother,' Mabel faltered, and almost swooned when she had closed the door. That same night Lady Drumshaughlin, lying on the bed racked with dreadful headache, sent for her daughter to beg her pardon, and disissed her with a kiss and a few hoarse, stifled words. (To he continued.) 