movelist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ou, lady Chetwynd's Spectre. ? < Br Mbs. HAnniET Lewis. CHATTER XXIX. HI3TI1ES3 AND MAID. Young Lady Obctwynd did not loso her presence of mind ns i'lack, springing from the cab, barred her further progress down the street. Willi ft great oath, and with outstretched hands, be sprang, forward to iutcrccpt her. But witb the quickness of a Hash, Bernice wheeled and ran in the direc tion she bad come, passing tho lodging house from which she bad just escaped. Sho had barely passed, when Mrs. Crowi and the landlndy. In a panic, came out of the house and swiftly descended the steps in soarch of her. Flack nnd tbc two women bounded In pursuit of tho young fugitive. Tbe hour was yet early, but the sky was fast darken ing, and a fine mist was beginning to fall. A gas lamp or two flickered through the wet. There were few people in tho street. Bernice had a brief start of ber pursuers nnd flew on liko a mad oreaturo. She turned the nearest cornor instinctively, ran a block, nnd turned a second corner before her pursuers appeared around tho first. There hnd been o momentary delay in the pursuit. The landlady bad gone back to her open house. Mrs. Crowl, remembering suddenly that sho bail not on bor bonnet, sif-nalled to tbc cab Flack bad summoned, waited for it to come up, anel continued her pursuit in thnt. Flack had been detained for an instant by Mrs. Crowl, who hnd frantically begged him to summon the cab for her, and tho delay—brief ns it was—wns most providential for Bcr uicc. Flnck, witb a muttered curse upon bis con federate for detaining him. dashed on, turning the corner as Bernice hnd done ; but then he pnuseel, looking up and down the street, uncertain which way to go. Thus occurred another providential delay, con tributing further to the escape of tbe young fugitive. "I can't loso time in this way," muttered the man. " She's gone down the street." He rnn in the direction thus indicated. Tlio cab, in which wns Mrs. Crowl, followed his guidance, nnd passed him in tho pursuit. Flack had not gone more than -i block—not further thnn tho first corner—when ho be came convinced that he had taken tho wrong course. With nn audible oath, he turned and hastened in the opposite direc tion. All this delay had been fatnl to bim. llcrnioe had Bpcd on swiftly, turning comer niter corner, without aim in her course beyond the hope ond design of placing as great a distanco as possible betweon herself and her pursuers. And Bhe saw nothing whatever of them. Onco or twice, hearing steps or tho roll of a cob behind her, sho crouched in a doorway and waited until tbey bad passed, but tbo steps wcie not those ot Flack, and the cab wub not that in which Mrs. Crowl was seated. Gradually, as tbc distance sho had trsversc.i became greater, nnd hor heart throbbed fleicely, and sho became weary and footsore, abc slackened her speed to a walk, yet she elircd not kit down to rest lest her enemies should overtake ber. It seemed to her that Bhe had walked many miles when at Inst sho came out upon a wide, well-lighted street, whero omnibuses were running and cabs rattled swiftly up and down —n street lined with fine shop., nnd with plenty of oromenndcrs, despite tho fine mist that was falling. Thl? was Oxford'Strcct. Bornico mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a feeling ot safely and security replaced her late terror. Her Bacquo was on her arm. Sho drew it on over her shoulders, ndjustcd her hat, and walked on very slowly. She hnd three penco iv her pocket, and wore her watch nnd chain, which would servo .in emergency us money. But whero was she to spend the night J Sho sat down upon tbc doorstep of n dark ened house in n quiet street, so near to Ox fonl-street thnt she could hear tbo rattle of the omnibuses over the pavements. Tho bella of the church some where near rang out tho hour of eight. 1 eople passed her, but no ono noticed her or tqioku to her. " Perhaps I night stay here all night ?" Uornico thought, onxiously. She crept closer in the shadow of tho tall Iron railing protecting tbo sides of tho tall flight of steps. Sho had scarcely ensconced biraelf to her satisfaction, when a man came hurrying along tho street nnd ascended the very steps on which she was crouching. Uo drew „ lateb-kcy from his pocket, ond while vainly endeavoring to fit it in tho lock in tbe darkness, bis gaze fell upon Bernice. ( " Here, you tramp," ho said, roughly. Bo off with you, or I'll call a policeman. My steps are not a lounging-placc for tramps liknyou." Without a word Bernice arose and stag gered on. Sho had no word of pleading— nothing to sny for herself—hut move on like a shadow through the darkness lend thn mist. " i A little later alio camo out into a square, uingy and gloomy euough nt best, but now ,us 1 1: nn-1 .ii.-,-?.- -.nil iistp. ctrnl fas-liirht- nlij io?s ol .'ro'.% nine, bail im-i on i-vn v M.I-. This vvasSoho Square, JJcinice iross-'-n t)r_ square and passed into a narrow street be yond. She could hear the rattle of Oxford-street omnibus-a nnd cnbs on Oxford street pave ment, hut little more than n block awnv ; but this narroA stioet upon which bliu had entered out of S iho Square was very quiet. The houses were mostly darkened.' From one house alone, the lower floor of which wns apparently occupied us a shop, str-nined out v broad" glaru of light which was strangely alluring. Over the door was sus pended a sign, with the legend painted upon it in gilt: PIEIIUE BONGATEAU, French Confectioner. Bcrnicc paused beforo tbc confectioner's window and looked in. It was n bright, clear room, with a counter upon each side. Upon ono counter was every variety of French bread. Upon the other counter were simple cukes in variety, and cups-and saucers, Bhowlng tbat the little French shop was a resort for people out of Oxfoid street who desired a cup of rent French Coffee. "llowplensnnt it is in there I" thought Bernice, looking vuinlv for the shopman or other occupant of tho establishment. "I'd likea cup of coffee. It. is a French shop; the name is Pierre l.ongiit..-aii. Was not Fi line's nnmu Uongntuaii ( I think so. Her father was a pastrycook, living in Snho Square, or just out of it. Wns that Soho Square back yonder I Perhaps this is Fitine's father's shop." She continued to look into the room with longing eyes. A woman, with a basket on her arm, came hurrying past Bernice, ami pushinf.opeu the door, entered the shop. There wan a bell attnehed to the door,and it rang out sharply. A woman came out of the little back parlor behind the shop, nnd proceeded to wait upon tho late customer. The shopwoman was French, as was ap* Earent at a glance. She wore a trimly-fitting lack gown, a jaunty little white npron, trimmed with cherry ribbons, and a coquet tish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. Tbc dark sallow face underneath tho cap, with bright, black eyes and a viva cious expression, struck Bernice as being strangely familiar. It was—yes, it was Filino, her former maid. Bernice watched the Frenchwoman with a wistful goze. The customer came out presently withnwcll-lillcd basket, mid Filino began to cover tho bread nnd cakc3 with a thin gauze, preparatory to closing thu shop for the night. "She is [joing to shut up," murmured Ber nice. "And then I shall be doubly nlone. Fitino loved inc. She was goodhcartcri. I am very tired. I wonder if she would givo mc shelter to-night, nnd not betray mc to anyone. I wish I dared go iv." A noisy party of young men came out of Oxford-street, approaching her. As they drew near they espied her, nnd one of them with a drunken laugh, endeavored to peer' into the girl's face. " Let's eeo your face, ray beauty," be hic coughed. "What—shy? Hero, boys, is something new. A girl nctually shy, al though she's in London streets nlone at this hour. Bah 1 she's acting. I'll have thu kiss, or wo'll go homo with you, my dear, or both. Now for it I" Ho put out his arm to clasp her waist. With a stifled scream Bernice sprang nway from bim and ran into tho pastry cook's shop, the bell on the door ringing loudly. Fitino turned towards tho new-comer and glanced also out of the door. She comprehended tbe causo of tbo nbrupt in grc?S. " Sit down, Mademoiselle," she said, in her soft French nccent. " Tho men will soon be gone. You nro safe here." Bernice's hair veiled her face. She flung it back with a sudden gesture, pushed back her shabby, limp little bat, nnd stood re vealed, pale, despairing, yet wondrously beautiful. " Fifine," she said, softly, " you think mo dead. I am chnngod, I know ; but don't you know mc ?" The voice was recognised sooner than tbo lovely face. Fiflno staggered back with a great gasp, and then, believing that sho looked upon a spectre, gayo a piercing scream and fell to the floor in a swoon. The noisy and lawless young men whose insults had driven Bernice to seek refugo in tho French confectioner's shop, passed on when they saw their intended victim enter tho shop door. No one in the hou?O was aroused by tho scream of Fifine. Bernice devoted herself with all hasto to tho re covery of tbo Frenchwoman. Her efforts were soon rewarded by tho grndunl return of Fiflno to consciousness. The Frenchwoman gave a great gasp similar to that she had given when fainting and opened her eyes, only to close them again tightly, and to repeat her scream with added vigor and fierccne??. Lady Chctwynd Btooped over the recum bent figure, and said, in a tone of gentle authority : " Hubli, Fifine you will havo the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself. Can you not comprehend tbat I nm Lady Chctwynd?" Filino gathered up ber sprawling figure into the shape of a ball, nnd rocked horsel! to ond fro frantically, crying out shrilly in tho French language : , " Oh, heaven I it's a ghost I It'sn warning I I am cot long for this world I I'm to bo cut ?jit iv my youthful piiuic. Oh, th: sosd Lord have pity I My good father I My poor mother I" She shrank away into the farther corner. Lady Chctwynd followed h-r, expostulating, entreating, reasoning. As tbc Frenchwoman grow somewhat calmer, Bernice laid her white, cool hand upon the hand of her former mnid, saying : " Grasp my hand, Fifine. Thoro you sea I nm flash and blood. Don't tremblo and moan so. It is I, indeed, Fifine. I did not die, as you tnought." Fiflne'a faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. Tho Frenchwoman's native sense began to assert Itsolf. Her memory, to?, wns quickened, and she recollected various incidents tbat hnd transpired during tbo past few days thnt went far to proclaim the fact that Lady Chctwynd hnd escaped tbc grave and was still living. " There, yon see it is I, and not n ghost," said Lady Chctwynd, as Fifino's limp body began to BtiiTen, and Fifino's eyes beenn to assume their normal proportions. " Haven't you a kind word for mc Fifine ? 1 nm in sore need of a friend. 1 bad no intention of Bcekingyou. I camoupon you bychnnco. Will you givo mo a night's shelter, and will you, keep my Becrct, Fifine ? I want no one, not even Lord Chctwynd, to know thnt "What, docs not my lord know?" cited Fifine, amazed. " No. Promiso mo that you will keep my secret, that you will tell no one that Lady Chetwynd lives. Swear it, Fifine." " I promise—l swear it," said Fifine, in an awestruck voice. " But, my lady, I cannot understand bow it is thatyou live and that my lord docs not know it.' " I will cxp'.nin. Remember that you nre bound by an oath to keep your secret. But first, arc we nlone V and .uaily onot wynd glanced toward tho door of tho rear ?? Yes my lady, we are alone in tho house. Tho .'ond father nnd mother went to the French theatre to-night, and I nm alone In charge. I am a lady's maid now as belore, my lady, but my m'strcsa is at t-.o cpern !il:L.:vtmiii.-. mid lam |,ii :.. r-ismiu hen- i.nlii eleven ..clock. You can ?.peak freely, my lady—no ono will hear i'hero v.-ns a' timorous look still on the "l-girl's face, which Lady Chctwynd marked. ' "I see, Fifine," h!ic said, " that even now yon arc not uU.ig*itlu-r pciscn led that I am Iho spectre. D..is it b.euiM. improbable that I mliimiM havo been coilincd nod consigned tci the bm.al vault while I was in a etulc of timo? It is strar.ee and improbable, I know, but it is true, and n.ii-.j is not the only moo ot liurial diuim- v trance re* HciMbliiigilei.th. Hut one person alone pus p.ctc.l that animation was only su-pemhd, not niiFiihilalcd, within mc, and that was Mr. Mori If." ?? My faith I And Mr. Monk rescued yon, my lady 1" In response to this exclamation, llernico told Fifine her pitiful -.tory, inclin'iin-; Lord Chctwynd's intended uiniririgu with Sylvia Monk, and Gilbert Monk's avowal ot his love to her. Sho ended by saying : "1 have tried to get a situation as K -ovcr n?ss. I have but three i.jnee in my pucka to-night, and I am ahelt-.rli.ss." " Not eheltcrlisa while Fillne livss, my lady. I will keep your secret. No hypocrite nor moclc svmpatliy from any one caudru'.; it from mc," exclaimed the Frenchwoman, volul.lv. "Ah Imy lady, you were kind to mc, and Ido not forget it. 1 wish I might livo with you again, although 1 havo a good inistncs now. Yon Bhall stay here, my room is unused here, nnd you shall have it. Tbo good father and mother need not sus pect who you art, my lady. Let them think .AHi Miss Gwyn, a new lodger, a luily I used to know. Shall It bn bo ?" "If you please, Fifine. You comfort " And you need comfort, '/oor infant I" said Fifine, and nuoin rubbing her eyes in dustriously. " Wns ever such sorrow, such romance, such despair ? Ah Imy lady, the false husband shall not find you here. You are safe here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion, my lady," she said with oslarl r.nll Biidden llusii. " Aud then 1 could serve you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought a companion of ac complishments for ? month past. She wants n. young lady who can Hing and play tho pianofoite and rend French—a dressed-up lady. whom Bhc will treat as n lady ; for, with all her proud ways, my mistress is a lady to her heart's core. I'll recommend you to her as Miss G'.yn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, nnd nho has such faith in mc that sho will gladly engage you. I have been with her th'i week after your ladyship died—that is, wns buried." " Oh, Fifine, if you could only get this place for mc I I feel so losi., so cast out into the grent world, bo hopeless nnd forlorn. Who is your is mistress ??' '? Lady Diana Northwick, maJamc. She's a beauty and a belle, and cold as ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very night, and to-morrow, rhy lady, you shall bo at" your new-home. Let mo get you a cup of coffee, my lady," said tho Frenchwoman. " Coma into the little back parlor." Fifine conducted her former mistress into the rear room, . whero wax camllc? wero burutng,.nnd .iiri\\.air.-.bf cosiness .prevailed, liernlco sank Into an cosy-chair which Fitino drew to the table, .and the maid bustled about, prepnriug'tu cup of strong French coffee. She brought it, all black and steaming to Lady Chctwynd, with n roll. The marchioness, drank tho frngrant bovcrage eagerly. " I wonder," enid 7ifinc, thoughtfully, "If my lord dors not suspect that you live, my lady. There was n nian'bero the otberdny, my mother tells mc, a gentleman, a swell, with nn eyeglass and cane, who asked for mc. Uu camo to Lady Diana's to see mc. And what did the miserable wont? Why, only to nsk what dress your ; ladyship was buried in, nnd if it had a fine darn in the luce under the sleeve? Of course it hnd. Did I not darn the rent myself, and was it not well done 1 Ho brought tbo idrcss to mo, and I identified it. But what did he mean 1 There is a my?tcry here wbicb has puzzled mc much." -? ... " I know no such person' as' you describe* Fifine, and I cannot think who' bo can be, but I left my dress at tho Park tho last time I was there, nnd securely bidden, as. I thought. So thoy have found it? Ab, he must havo been sent to yon by old Ragee I" cried Bcrnlcc, paling suddenly. "Fifine, that woman has twice, tried to take my life. I nm afraid of her. She has found the dress and has employed some one to seek for mc." " You must bo right, my lady, for my mother tolls mo that a strange heathen woman has been hero twico, asking singular questions, and wanting to be taken in us lo Igcr. She was very anxious to know if my mother had a lndy lodging here, and alio stayed in the shop many hours watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not think who she might.bo; but ebc is Itngeo I feel ready to swear." ??She will come again. She Is cruol,re morseless, pitiless. Sho is like a human tigress thirstiug for my blood. Fifine,.in Heaven's nance, promise mo that you will' keep my secret; that not even to Lord Chet wynd himself will you reveal tbc fact that I live ; promise?" " I BWear to keep your secret, my lady, until you yourself give mc leavo to lcll.it I" said Fifine, solemnly. '? I will not betray you oven to my own parents or to my mis tress." " Then you mast cense to call mo ' my. lady,'Fiflno. I am only Miss Gwyn—Miss Bernice Gwyn you can call mc. 1 Bhall not have to relinquish my own name ot Ber nice." Fifine approached and removed the empty cup. Then she took Lady Chctwynd's hand anil klsaed It affectionately, mentally res-is tcrisg z. to.v to li-i. 1j l!.c |„-vu.i re .'? had given, the solemn oath alio had taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mi.tro?S to the best of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was no-w heard. "It is my father," said Fifine. "He is putting up the shutters. The father and mother havo returned from the theatre, and I must go soon to my mistress. I will wait to commend your ladyship to the care of tho good mother." Tho shop door was pu?hed open, tho .bell ringing violently. Fitine's parents had're turned. Lady Chetwynd rose up taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their ap pearance Fifino ran and oponod the door leading into tho Bhop, nnd collod out volubly : "Is it you, my father? Hasten this way. I have a guest to consign to your care before I leavo, Gomo 1" CHAPTER XXX. BEB.NIOE ANXIOUSLY SOOanT, Young Lady Chctwynd trembled with o terriblo anxiety nnd drend ns the French confectioner and his wifo entered tho cosy little back parlor behind their shop, where sho awaited them. She stood up, pale, yet with n sweet and gentle dignity, a quiet self-possession, and a faint amilo on her brave, sweet young fnce, thnt thrilled Filinc with a sweet iovo and respect for her. "Come in, men fere', como in, ma mere," sni.l Lady Chetwynd's former maid. " I havo here a surprise for you. I have taken iv a lodger for the night. It is Miss — Miss Gwyn, a former mistress of mine. Miss Gwyn, Mwisicur and Madame Boii-ateau.'my go. .. '. .ilier olid mother." M. llonyatean, expressing n look of sur piise, mado n flourishing how to -'Miss Gwvn;" Madame Bongateau made a little bobbing courtesy, intended to indicate tin UeepC?t rcFpcct for the young lady. ?? 1 do not remember your nam.:, Mis) fjwwi," said the coufectio'uer with an nirof hospitality, "but you arc welcome to the sin Iter of my roof and tbe best my house affords. Pray, be sealed. Do not stand on our account, I beseech you." Bernice resumed her seat. Fifine hastened to remove the or.or wraps of her I mother. Bernice liked both husband and wife at first glance. Their simple courtesy was no ' outside veneering, but the expression of I kiudly natures and a true, inbred politeness. Th.y asked no question.*. They saw that their guest was a lady, and Fitine's simple introduction hnd been sullicient to commend her to their kindest attention. Fifine made fresh coffee for her parents nnd a little Bupper was eaten, at which Lady Chetwvnd took part. After the supper, Filino conducted her ladyship to a pretty little bedroom up stairs, overlooking the street. This wasFifiue's own room when at home. " My lady," she said, simply, " you will honor mc by wearing my clothing as if it were your own. Your outside garments aro quite ruined We will nttend to those to-morrow. You are safe here. I will put my parents still further on their guard against your enemies. And now good night." She took Lady Chetwynd's thin white hand nnd kisced it, but Bernlco stooped and kissed Fifine's cheek with a grateful affection that brought tears to the girl's eyi?. Fifine soon withdrew, nud Lady Chet wynd undressed, and went to bed and to sleep. It wns Into in tbo morning when she awakened. The shop-hell was ringing fit fully below, as customers came and went. Bernice arose and dressed herself in the gar ments Fillnc hnd provided for her. Her toilet was scared} made when a low knock on tho door announced Madame Bonpatcau, who came in with a tray on which was coffee, hot rolls, and little pats of new, yellow butter, nnsalted. Madame greeted her guest with kindly in terest, and inquired with solicitude bow sho. had passed tbe night, nnd how she found her sell this morning. Bernice having replied satisfactorily to these inquiries, mndaino said : " It is much moro cheerful down stairs than here, Mademoiselle. Whun you have eaten your breakfast, comu down in our little back parlor and read the morning papers by tho lira. Tho morning ;s wut nnd chilly, and Piarro would in-iist upon thn extravagance of a lire. I own thu effect is delicious. You will come, Made moiselle ?" Bernice assented, and her hostess witb dicw. The young fugitive nto her breakfast, and soon after descended to tbe little parlor, which was indeed bright aud cosy. A low fire was burning in the grate. She read the newspapers, looktjg over tho columns of "Wants" with great care. Madame Bongatcan was called frequently into the shop, and Bernice was for tho most of tbo time olono. Tho could bear thu rattle of spoons iv the cups as customers sipped thvir coffee ; sho could hoar distinctly neatly every word that was spoken in the shop, yet the murmur of voices, nnd tho wiger hustling, aud tho occasional sharp reprimands of madame to monsieur wero not unpleasant to her. After her recent enforced and long solitude, theso Indications of busy lifo were, in fact, decidedly pleasant. At noon Madame Bongatcau brought to her giiestadainty luncheon,daintily served upon a small table, which she wheeled before Bernice. Bernioo had finished her repast, the table bad been removed, and sho was again alone, with a newspaper on her knoe, when the shop-bell tingled for the bundreth time thnt day, and a man entered tha shop, which nt the moment was nearly deserted. Monsieur and madame were there, however, at the desk near tho partition betwuan tbc shop and parlor, and Bernice hoard tho newcomer npproach the desk with a swift stride, and address the worthy couple iv n voice thnt startled her, and thrilled her very soul with alarm. It was the voice of Gilbert Monk 1 "Good-morning, Monsieur, Madame," said Monk, politely, yet with perceptible im- Bntierice. " Are you the parents of one Fifine ongatcau.wbo formerly lived at Chctwynd Parle, Sussex?" Madame Bongatcau courteously replied In thenfllriuatlve. "Is Fifine at homo?" demanded Monk, with a quick, sharp glance"toward tho inner room. " No Monsieur," said madame, it. njtonc of surprlse.__ V Pardon, Monsieur, but what interest has Monsieur in our Fifine 7" inquired Monsieur Bongnteau, giving his long moustache a fiercer upward twirl. " I am Lord Chetwynd's stop-brother," said Monk. "I am in search of a young lady wbo has fled from her home and friends. I think, as she had no money, Bho might come to inline', who formerly served her. Is she here 7" '* Who is it you seek, Monsieur ?" inquired Madame Bongnteau, cautiously. Monk hesitated. Bernice held her breath in nn agony of suspense. Monk continued to reflect. With an assumption of frankness, ho said, at laBt: " The young lady is known ns Miss Gwyn. She may have token another name, or pre tended to be some noble lady, possibly. She ha 3 been ill, and .her hi-Aiii Is not y'.t qulto right. It is necessary that I find her im mediately, atid restore ber to her borne. Is she in this house?" -'? .'..'.''. "Wo do not take lodgers, Monsieur," said Mndame Bongnteau, somewhat loftily. " We regret thnt we are not.able to assist you in your search for Miss. Gwecn, but you will u-i obliged to~look : for-ber eise- whero." " Is she not in this house, Madame?" de manded Monk, sharply. .* " Hi, Monsieur I Is it thus.you speak to madame, my wife?" cricd'the little confec tioner, with his fiercest air. "Do you. come hero to subject ns to the cross question—thu inquisition f Is not this"n country where even the French exile has bis rights? Be good enough to depart. Monsieur. I cannot permit to moi'.nruc this agitation. Go 1" The confectioner pointed to the shop door in true thentrical style. Monk glared nt tho confectioner, who smiled back at him airily. Then, with an oath, Gilbert Monk strode to the door. As hu passed out a carriage drove up to the shop and Miss Monk put her head out ot the win dow, calling to her brother. Ho started, looked annoyed and surprised, but obeyed bcr sumnons. His dejected, angry air told plainly the story of his dis comfiture. "I camo to see Fiflno," said Sylvln, re garding her brother keenly, " but I think I won't got out, after all. Did yon receive tho note I sent you in care of Scotsby & New man Chancery Lane ?" " No, I've not been around there to-day," said Monk, sullenly. " I left you in Sussex. What are you doing in town ?" "Wo camo up—Hoy and I—to do a little shopping," Bail! Miss Monk. " We've ordered tbc wedding cardp. Uoy is off this inoruiug with Mr. Tempest, nnd I hnve been shopping in llegent-street. 1 nm uneasy, Gilbert. You look strnngely. Is—is nil safe?" she asked in a whisper too low for the ear of the coachman or footmen. " Not particularly so," said Monk, coolly. " The girl's escaped from mc." " Kscape.l I Great Heaven I Escaped I" " Yes. You net as if nil the dnm- cr threatened you. You needn't be tr.ml.l-d. She won't trouble vein," said Monk, sticukiusi in Hindostanee, that the servants might not understand him. "Come and see ment Park Lane. Gilbert, at Lady Marchmonfs. And give'mo your addiiss. 1 may need to communicate with jon."—(7i> <V Continues.) 