THE TURF. Owing to the continued rainy weather, trainers find it hard to get spots to work their horses on, and, when a brightday does present itself, the opportunity is eagerly grasped to do alittle work. If fine weather does not soeon come, there is no doubt that all the horses at the forthcoming Brisbane meet will be greatly backward. That well-bred horse Culloden, by Chandos out of Lady Hooten, is being schooled over the hurdles by W. Blacklock, and has taken Felix's place in the stable. Ajax II., recently sold by Mr. M'Lean, hao been substituted for Beggar Boy. The Quaeenelaud horse Fernando has been nominated for the principal weight.for-age races at Flemington, at the approaching New. market Handicap meeting, and will have to meet each cracks as Abercorn, Meloe, Rudolph, Bravo, Carbine, and seseral other noted flyers, Mikado eis ominted for the Brunoswick Stakm, and the speedy General for the Five-Furlong Junior Handioap. The Queensland horses, Sandy Greaves, Blarney, and Bendigo, started at the Warwick Farm races (New tooth Wales), but none of them succeeded in running into a place. All three are good hoses, and, with a little time, will yet, I think, show the Southerners that they can giallop some. LSince writing the above, I notaice that Blarney w~on the February Handicap, at anterbury Park, last Saturday, fromn a fair field. He was ridden by Freddy Archer, and ran one mile and a furlong in lmin. 6Ssec.J Mr. P. M'Glynn, M.L.A, of South Aus tralia, has sold his hunter, Arabi Bey, to Captain Rorke, and Arabi will be shipped to Ireland, to take part in the hunting season there. This is tihe first hunter that has left there shores for the old country. The English gelding Pennant won the Viceroy's Cup, at Calcutta, from Moorehouse, the Australian-bred horse, though the latter ran a good secood. The English horse also appropriated the Trial Stakes on thIe first day, thre Australians, Camrnillue and The Vicar, being a cond and third, wh:ile the oneeyed Cyclops, who was all to pieces, failed to get a place. Toe latter, when he left our shores, could give the same horses that beat him, in Iudia, 3't. n?d a beatrog. Mr. Morrnesey, of Rockhampton, has three promising youngetere in pickle for future e'ent. They are a Graod Flaneer filly and a Marilyrncng and a Sardoeyx colt, all pur chosed at the ldobartville sale. Garrison, the crack American jockey, has been offered two mounts in thie next Epsom IDerby, in England, and has gone over to choose the better of the two. Writing of the Derby brings to mind that Anatralian sportsman look forward to that event as they have never looked before, for the simple reason that Australia is represented I by the Hol . James White's pair, Narellan and Kirkham, in the international struggle between Great Britain, France, America, and Ane t ala-all these countries being represented. A few weeks ago, news came, from the old country, that Narellan and Kirkbam were cot liked by good judges, and that they were of opinion that the colts would not have a ghost of a show against the English cracks. A late aeblegram from London, however, brings the news that the younger did a splendid gallop, and both are now much fancied for the "' blue ribbon." Tnere is a likelihood that when the day rrives, the Australians will be backed for as much money as any in the rsac, S;r U ercule Rob ns~n, a o.e-t me Govcronr of New Suth WVales, and a true judge of a horse, gave itas his opinion, when examining the colts re ferred to, some time ago, that they could not be excelled, for shape and make. by anything in England. Sir Hercules also saw them gallop, and was immensely taken up with Narellan. He thinks that, when moving, he very much resembles his sire, Chetter. Matthew Daweon (the trainer) also thinks most of Narella, while Bosee (the jockey), who took the horses home, prefers Kirikhsm, and, seeing that he continually rides the latter, he cer tainly should know something about him. Owing to Mr. White's colours (blue, with white sleeves) being appropriated in England, that gentleman's silk will differ slightly from what he oses in Australia. The colours that Kirk ham and Narellan will carry will be light blue, with white slceoes, and waistcoat, and blue and white cap. The Poverty Bay Herald'e (New Zealand) aporting reporter has improved on the Yankee judge's verdict of " won by the sixteenth part of a nostril" and "won by a breath." He declares that the backers of Hoarfona and Ponau,who raneuch a closefinish,atthePoverty Bay Turf Club meeting, "excitedly claimed that the horse had won by a sneeze." The judge's vision enabled him to make no suchan distinction, and his decision wao "a dead heat." Mr. W. R. Wilson, whd recently purchased the best youngsters at the late Sew Zaaland sale, intends going in for breeding on a large scale. He recently imported two stsllions and four fillies from England. The same gentle man lately offered Mr. Crozier, of Melbourne, £70,000 for the St. Alban's stud farm, but the proprietor held out for a larger sum. The English jockey, T. Loates, will receive £1500 from Mr. Milner for first call, next year, for his services, and he receives £750 from Mr. Maple for seoond. Fancy £2250 spayear fora lad twenty-one years of age I He has also a choice of making additional sums when he is not riding for these two gentlemen. Telegraph operators must have a bnusy time of it on the English racescourses. At the last Manchester races, on two days of the week sixty operators were engaged in the grand stand office, and, on one day, seventy of them could hardly keep pace with the enormous number of messages sent and received at the track. Betting on racing is absolutely prohibited in the State of Vermont, America. The Act legalises racing for stakes and premiums offered by individuals. The penalty for bht ting en a horse-race, in the state referred to, is 2500. Our sporting contributor "Rocket" writes: -dAfter some two months illness, cansed by an accident at the Bandanba conrse, Dick Kelly has now completed recovered, and has secured, for coming engagements, Mr. Robert M'Grory's well- known horse tRalbow, who, it will remembered, put down a few cracks, at Eagle Farm, a few years back. "Dickies" will train the said son of Epigram at Eek, and, if his croek leg does not come against him again, I have not the elightest doubt that he will again win a race or two. I should like to see Kelly get Adrian for the above-mentioned horse's stable companion, for, when he trained him on a future occasion, he raced at five racs-meebioge, and managed to score a win at three out of the five.-Tbe well-known hurdle horse Rooket has been fired, and will now be turned out for a long spell. 