HOW THE ZULUS FIGHr. Coztluded from 2a.-t wn k. Br H. RIDEE HAOGAKB. Now the Zulus, running in the shape of a bow so as to wrap the laagtr round on three sides, were within seventy yards, and now from every waggon broke tongues of tire. Over rolled a number of the Umtetwa, but the rest cared little. Forward they sped straight to the laager, striving to force" a way in. But the Boers plied them with volley after volley, and, packed as the Zulus were, the elephant guns, loaded with slugs and small shot did frightful execution. Only one man even got ou to a waggon, and as he did so I saw a Boer woman strike him ou the head with an axe. He fell down, and slowly, amid howls of derision frjm the two lines on the hill-side, the Zulus drew back. "Let us go, father!" shouted the soldiers ou the slope, among whom I was, to their chief, who had come up. *» Vou have seat out the little giris to fight, and they are frightened, .fetus nhow them the way.** "No, no!" the chief Sususa answered, laughing. Wait a minute and the little girls will grow to women, and women are good enough to fight against Boera !" Tie attacking Zulus heard the mockery of their fellows, and rushed forward again with a roar. But the Boera in the laager had found time to load, and they met with a warm reception. Reserving their fire till the Zulus were packed like sheep in a kraal, they loose 1 into them with the loere, and the warriors fell in little heaps. But I saw that the blood of the Umletwas was up; they did not mean to bs beaten back this time, and the end was near. See ! six men had leapt on to a waggon, slain the man behind it, and Bprung into the laager. They were killed there, but others followed^ and then I turned my head. But I could not shut my ears to the cries of rage and death, and the terrible fpgrc! If gee ' of the savages as they did their work oi murder. Once onlv I looked up and saw poor Hans Bortha standing on a wagfron smiting down men with the butt of his rifle. Then assegais shot up towards him like tongues of steel, and when I looked again he was gone. I turned sick with fear and rage. But alas! what could I do't They were all dead now, and probably my own turn was coming, only my death would not be to swift. The fight was ended, and the two lines on the slope broke their order, and moved down to the laager. Preseutly we were there, and a dreadful sight it was. Mauv of the attacking Zulus were dead—quite fif ty I should say, and at least a hundred and fifty were wounded, some of them mortally. The chief Sususa gave an order, the dead men were picked up and piled in a heap, while those who were slightly hurt walked off to find some oue to tie up their wounds. But the more serious cases met with a different treatment. The chief or one of his indunas considered each case, and if it was in any way bad, the man was taken up and thrown into the river which ran near. Jvone of them offered any objection, though oue poor fellow swam to shore He did not stop there long, however, for they pushed him back and drowned him by force. The strangest case of all was that of the chief's own brother. He had been captain of the line, and his ankle was smashed by a bullet. Sususa came up to him, and, having examined the wound, rated him soundly for failing in the first onslaught. The poor fellow made the excuse that it was not his fault, as the Boers had hit him in the first rush. His brother admitted the truth of this, and talked to him amicably. Well," he said at length, offering him a pinch of tuff, " youcaanot wtlk again?' " No, chief," said the wounded man, looking at his ankle. " And to-morrow we must walk far," went on Sususa. "Yes, chief." " Say, then, will you at here on the veldt, or " and he nodded towards the river. The man dropped his head on his breast for a minute as though in thought. Presently h<3 lifted it and looked bususa straight in the face. " My ankle pains me, my brother," he said ; I think I will _go back to Zulnland, for there is the only kraal I wish to see again, even if I creep about it like a snake."* " It is well, my brother," said the chief. Best softly," and having shaken hands with him, he gave an order to one of the indunas, and turned away. Then men came, and, supporting the wounded man, led him down to the banks of the stream. Here, at his request, thev tied a heavy stone round his neck, and threw'him into a deep pool. I saw the whole sad scene, and the victim never even winced. It was impossible not to admire the extraordinary courage of the man, or to avoid being struck with the coldblooded craelty of his brother the chief. And yet the act was necessary from bis point of view. The man must either die swiftly, or be left to perish of starvation, for no Zulu force will encumber itself with wounded men. Tears of merciless warfare had so hardened these people that th-v looked on death as nothing, and were, to do them justice, as willing to meet it themselves as to inflict it on others. When this very Impi had beensentout by the Zulu King Dingaan, it conmsted of some nine thousand meu. iSow it numbered less tha.-i three ; all the rest were dead. They, too, wouldprohably soon be dead. What did it matter ? They lived by war to die in Wood. It was their natsfcal end. * Kill till you are killed." Tbatiathe mottoftf the Zulu soldier. It hasthe merit of Maaawhile (he warriors were lootinjr-fh» waggons, inriwfllng my own, having first thrown all the (b«dBoera into aheap. I looked at the heap; all of them were there, including the two stout frans, poor things. But I ' " * body, - that of the Han. daughter, little Tola. A wild hope came into my heart that sbeuught have escaped; but no, was not glide aaoilege.—Ba. possible. I could only pray that die was at rest. Just then the great Zola, Bombyane, who has left juy side to indulge in tie congenial ocvupatton ofleoring, ftinje out ox a waggon crying that he had got the u little white one." 1 looked ; he was carrying the child Tota, gripping her frock in one of bis huge black bands. He stalked up*to where we were, and held the child before the chief. " Is it dead, father he said, with a laugh. Now. as I could well see, the child was not dead, but had been hidden away, and fainted with fear. Th'i chief glanced at it carelessly, and sud— Fiud out with your kerrie." Acting on this hint the black devil held up the cluld,"uud was about to kill it with his knobstick. This was more than I could bear. I sprang at him aud struck him with all my force in the face, little caring if I was speared or not. He dropped Tota on the ground. " Ou f" he said, putting his hand to his nose, the White Spirit has a hard fist. Come, Spirit, I will fight you far the child." The soldiers cheered and laughed. " Ves, yes !" they said, " let Bomtyrane Prht the White Spirit for the child. Let the.j fight with assegais." For a moment I hesitated. What chance had I against this black giant? But 1 bad promised poor Hans to save the child if I could, and what did it matter ? As well die no w as later. However, I had wit enough left to make a favour of it, and intimated to the chief through Indabsu-zimbi that I was quite willing to condescend to kill Bombyaue, on condition that if I did so the child's life should be given to me. Indaba-rimhi interpreted my words, but I noticed that he would not look "on me as he spoke, but covered his face with his bands and spoke of me as the ghost" or the " son of the spirit." For some reason that I have never quite understood, the chief consented to the duel. I faucy it was because he believed me to be more than mortal, aud was anxious to see the last of Bombyane. Ijet them fight," he 6aid. Give them assegais and no shields; the child shall be to him who conquers." " Yes ! yes 1" cried the soldiers. " Let them fight. Don't be afraid, Bombyane ; if he is a spirit, he's a very small one." " I never was frightened of nun or beast, and I am not going to run away from a White Ghost," answered the redoubtable BooAyane, as he-examined the blade or his great bangwan or stabbing assegai. - Then they made a ring round us, gave me a similar assegai, aud set us some ten paces apart. I kept my face as calm as I could, uiid trisd to show no signs of fear, though in my heart I was terribly afraid. Humanly speaking, my doom was on me. The giant warrior before me had used the assegai from a child—I had no experience of the weapon. Moreover, though 1 was quick and active, he must have been twice as strong as I am. However, there was uo help for it, so, setting my teeth, I grasped the great spear, breathed a prayer, and waited. The giant stood awhile looking at me, and, as he stood, Imlaba-zimbi walked across the ring behind me, muttering as he passed, " Keep cool, ilacumiLz^lui, and wait for him. I ia ill make it all right." As I had not the slightest intention of commencing the fray, I thought this good advice, though how Indaba-zimbi could ••make it all right," I failed to see. Heavens 1 how long that half-minute seemed. It happened many years ago, but the whole scene rises up before my eyes as I write. There behind us was the blood- stained laager, and near it lay the piles of dead; round us was rank upon rank of plumed savages, standing in silence to wait the issue of the duel, and in the centre stood the grey-haired chief and general, Sususa, in all his war finsry, a cloak of leopard skin upon his shoulders. At his feet lay the senseless form of little Tota, to my left squatted Indaba-zimbi, nodding his white lock aud muttering something —probably spells; while in front was my giant antagonist, bis spear aloft and Lis plumes waving in the gentle wind. Then over all, over grassy slope, river, aud koppie. over the waggons of the laager, the piles of dead, the dense masses of j the living, the swooning child, over all shone ] the bright impartial sun, looking down like the I indifferent eye of heaven upou the loveliness of ' nature and the cruelty of man. Down by the river grew thorn-trpes, and from them floated the BWeet scent of the mimosa flower, and came the sound of cooing turtle doves. I never smell the one or bear the other without the scene flashing into my mind again, complete in its every detail. Suddenly, without a sound, Bombyane shook bis assegai and rushed straight at me. I saw his huge form come; like a man in a dream, f saw the broad spear flash on high i now he was on me! Then, prompted to it by some providential impulse—or had the spells of Indabazimbi anything to do with the matter r—I dropped to my knee, aud quick as light stretched out my spear. He drove at me : the blade passed over my head. I felt a weight ou my assegai; it was wrenched from my hand, his great limbs knocked against me. I glanced round. Bombyane was staggering along with head thrown back aud outstretched arms from which bis spejr had fallen. His spear bad fallen, but the blade of mine stood out between his shoulders—I had transfixed h™ He stopped, swung round slowly as though to look at me ; then with a sigh the giant sank down—dead. For a moment there was silence; then a great cry rc>se—a cry of " Bombyane is dead. The White Spirit has slain Bombyane. trill the wizard, kill the ghost who has slain Bombyane by witchcraft." Instantly I was surrounded by fierce faces, and spears flashed before my eyes. I folded my arms and stood calmly waiting the end. lit a moment it would have come, for the warriors were mad at seeing their champion overthrown thus easily. But presently through the tumult I beard the high, cracked voice of Indabazimbi. " Stand back, you fools!"' it cried; " can a spirit then be killed r" "Spear him ! spear him !" they roared in fury. " Let us see if be is a spirit. How did a spirit day Bombyane with an assegai ? Spear him rain-maker, and we shall eee." " Stand back," cried Indaba-zimbi again,'' and I will show you if he can be killed. I will kill htm myself, 'and call him back to life ageiu before your eyes " " Macumazahn, trust me," he whispered in my ear in the Sisutu tongue, which the Zulus did not understand. " Trust me ; kneel on the grass before me, and when I strike at you with the spear, roll over like one dead ; then, when you hear my voice again, cet up. Trust me—it is vouronly hope." Having no choice I nodded my head in assent, though I had not the faintest idea of what he was about to do. The tumult lessened somewhat, and onoe more the warriors drew back. ' " Great White Spirit—Spirit of Victory," said Indaba-zimbi. addreao^- me aloud, and covering bis eyes with his hand," hear me and forfjive me. These children axe blind with folly, and think thee mortal because thou hast dealt death upon a mortal who dared to stand against thee. Deign to kneel down before me and let me pierce thy heart with this spear, then when I •call upon thee, arise unhurt." - • • • • I knelt down, not because I wished to, but because I must. I had not overmuch farthin Indaba- zimbi, and thought it probable that he was in truth about to make an end of me. But really I was so worn with fears, and the horrors of the night and day had so shaken my nerves, that X did not greatly care what befell me. When I had been kneeling thus for about half a minute Indaba-zimbi spoke. "People of the Umtetwa, children cf T'Chaka," he said," draw back a little way, lest an evil fall on you, fornuw the air is thick with They drew back aspace, leaving us in a circle about twelve yards ia diameter. " Look on him who kneels before you," went on Irdaba-rimbi, "and listen to my words, to the words of the witch-finder, the words of the rain-maker, Indaba-zimbi, whose fame is known to you. He seems to be a young man, does he not ? I tellyou, children of the Umtetwa, he is no man. Bs is the Spirit who gives victory to < the white men, he it is that gave them aasega&s; that thunder and taught them how to slay. Whv were the Impisof Dingaan rolled back at the blood River F Because he was there. Why did the Amaboona slay the people of Mosihkatzebv the thousands? Because he was there. And eo "I say to you that, had I not drawn him from the laager by mv magic but three hours ago, you would have been conquered—yes, you would have been blown away like dust before the wind; you would have been burnt up like the dry grass in the winter when the fire is awake among Ay, because be had been there mauy of your bravest were slain in overcoming a few —a pinch of men who could be counted on the fingers. Bat becaase I loved you, because your chief Sususa is my half-brother—for had we not one father?—I came to vou, I warned yon. Then you. pxayed-jne and £ dfeir the Spirit forth. But you wore not irfiflri when the victory was yours, 'when the Spirit, of aSyou had tikav asked hntone liUle thing—a white child to take away and sacrifice to himself, to make the medicine of his magic of " Here Icould hardly restrain mvself from m- ternipting, but thought better of it. You said him nay ; you said, 'Let him fight i our — hr* ' let fight 4nth Botul LbyanlPth the giant for the drild.' And he attfmA toelayBoaibyaneasyou have noif yousay, 'Slay bun; hats no spirit. Iwiushow ™ if Jnis aapirit, forXw him before your «yes, and nil him Est yu'i Jirive "or->;i..'ji' ••*Ji- •« y-cr- Had"y>ni U_-!:evt-ii, you oi- ero:j no insult to the Sjorit. l.e vrc-u tl have s.iivect with yon, and yo-i r:r.-i.>-i liaiv income uiimii-iuerobie. Sow he will uriie and leave you, a&J; ivoe be on you if y«u n y t' 1 stay iii-i. "Ifow all" an 1 :!. 1 ' be -went on, "looi for a snacftiip-'jii jiisK.-si^rrtithai I bold -up." ai.d be ' lifted the bairgtran of the deceased Bo-.abvane high above Iks f>c-a.<l s^ ail the multitude could see it. Every eye was JixaJ u:: in the broad bright £].<;ar. For a "iiil*: he Ueld it still, then he iuov«d it niuuJaud iviitui in a circle, inutteriug as lie did so, ur.i s-lill their gaze followed :r. Xor n-.y pari. I vraieh&l; his movements v,-it:i the greatest a.:i:-net;r. That assegai had already li. tii wearer mv pei>u» than I found at ail rlwaut. and I had no de;"re to make a further :uaiti±:tr.ce ^itli it. Sot. indeed, was! mro th-it InJaba-zi.nbivra^not really going to kill ice. I coald not unueritand his proceeding ;it ril". kt ths ftfrit I could not relish pLiyiii^ t-.e n'v to his magical experiments. Loot .' i. '-Jr ' I. y T' lie screnmeci- Then suddenly (Treat siiear d.a=-h'jd down towards my breast. 1 felt no:-jiag, but. to my sight, it seemed a-i tiiGL^k ii had passed though me. i *•• See !*' r-- jr»:J t-ie Zulns. £ Inda": a rimbi has speared hiai ; "lie r» d assegai stands out behind his hut." "Roll over. Mjcumszaliu." Indaba-zimbi hissed in my • r-j.i over auti pretend to die —quick qcLick X lost no tiia-i in following these E.m;e instructions, but fallhi'^ on to my side, thr<;W my anas wide, kicked my legs about, and died as artistically as I co -diL Presently I gave a stage shiver and lay still. " Seel" said the Zulus, ''tie is dead, the Spirit is d-rad. Lo »k at the blood u;o.i th assegai!" " Stau.1 l-ack ! st^ad back !'' cried T;idaL-- riznbi,or tl;-i will hicnt you. l'es. he is dead, ai:d I will call him. bacii to life again. Lcmk and putting dosu his hiind, he plucked the spear fmai wherever it was fixed, and held it aloft. *• The spear is red, is k not ? Watch, men, watch! it groin trhilv It grows white," they said. Ou ! it grows white." " It grows wliltc bscvuEc the blood returns to whence it came," said Indaba-zimbi. "Xow," great Spirit, heir me. Thou art dead, the breath has gone out of -thy mouth; Yet hear me and arise. Awake, \Vhite Spirit, awake and show thy power. " Awake! arisi un hart!" I iwpan to respond cheerfully to this imposing invocation. " !Not so ia;"., ilacuicazaim." whispered Indaba-zimbi. I took the hint, and first held up ono arm, then lifted my fcyid and let it fall again. " He lives! by the head of T'Ciiaka he lives "' roared thj coldici-s. stricken with mortal fear. Then slowly and with the greatest dignity I gradually arose, stretched my arms, yawned like one awaldn^ from heavy sleep, turned and looked upon th-m unconcernedly. While I did so, I noticed that "Id ludaba-zimbi was almost fainting from exiiaustion. Beads of perspiration Ftood upon his brow, his limbs trembled, and his breast heaved. As for the Zulu?, they waited for no more. With a howl of terror the whole regiment turned and tied across th-? riie. so that presently •we were loft alone wi:h the dead, and the swooning child. '•How on tsrth did you lIo that, Indabazimbi f" I asked au amaze. " Do not ask rae, Haeumazalm," he gasped. " You whit t men are very clever, but you don't quite know everything. There are sneu in the world who can make people believe they see things which they do not see. Let ue be going while we may, for when these TJmtetwas have got over their fright, thty will come back to loot the waggons, and then perhaps llt y will begin asking questions that 1 tan't answer."' And here I may as well 6tate that I never got any further information on this mittsr from old Iudaba-rimbi. But I have my theory, and here it is for wbatev.;i it ruay be worth. I believe that Indaba- zinibi iMsi.tcriscd the whole crowd of onlookers, myself included, making them believe that they saw the assegai in my heart, and tli- blood upon the blade. The reader may smile and say, Impossible ;" but I would ask him huw the Indian jugglers do their tri-is unless it is by mesmerism. The spectators «gsj« to see the boy go un.' basket and there pierced with seem to see a woman in a trance mid sir upon the point of a single eword. Ill them-el res these things are not possible, they violate the laws of nature, as those laws are known to us, and therefore must surely bs illusion. And so through the glamour thrown upon Lbem by Indaba-zinibi's will, that Zulu Impi seemed to see me transfixed with an assegai wh ca never touched me. -" t l&ist;, that is my theory: if any one has a bst.er, ict him adopt it. The explanation lies between illusion and magic of a most imposing character, and I prefer to accept the first alternative. 