SHEARINGS. The reverses of fortune are well illustrated among the descendants of the old French nobility. According to M. Lescure, a grandson of that same Marquis d'Harteroehe who chival rously requested the English troops at the battle of Fontenoy to " fire first/' ended his days as a common policeman. One of the noble family of Babou de la Bourdaisiere is now a washerwoman. Representatives of other noble families equally famous in their time are, or were, according to the same authority, occupying the humble places of game keeper, carpenter's apprentice, house painter, cab driver, miller's assistant, innkeeper, conductor of an omnibus, box-opener at a theatre, gasman, bathing man, maker of mousetraps, chorus singer at the opera, and wood man ; while one, who is a great grand cousin of the illustrious Cardinal de Retz, unites in his own person the lowly offices of grave-digger and village fiddler. A story is told of a shrewish Scotch woman who tried to wean her husband from the dram-shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. Who are you ?" asked the farmer, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick,5' was the reply. " Are ye really f' exclaimed the old reprobate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. " Mon, come awa. Gie's a shake o5 your hand ; I'm married to a sister o5 yours !" A museum keeper recently wanted a dwarf. He got one ; that is, he got what he called a dwarf. As a matter of fact the new freak was as big as an undersized man. A countryman entered the museum and looked at the dwarf. " Pooh !" he said, " that ain't no curiosity." " Hey V said the museum mah. "Why, that," he went on proudly, " that is the biggest dwarf in the world." A first consignment of the talking dolls we heard so much about a little while ago is daily expected in London. seventy thousand of the phonographic playthings are being constructed at Sonnenberg, and it is added, privately, that many of them are to be "sacred," whilst many others are "profane." The latter will not, it is to be understood, curse and swear, but they are profane in the sense that their mouths—or stomachs—will not utter the sacred words which are ii%led off by the former. The sacrec^oolls are to recite, " Now I lay me down jx> sleep," and similar light literary trifles, while the latter are to confine their conversation to the ordinary chit-chat of the unregenerate. It is to be hoped that great good will result from the diffusion of the pious phonographic dolls, and it is only to be expected that, at no very distant date, societies will be' formed for the purpose of distributing dolls filled with theology among the children of impenitent parents. 