Our Melbourne Letter. (FEO'x OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELsonoUN, May 29. Charges of Fraud. FnvanDs (" alleged," of course) to the right of you, frauds to the left of you, frauds in front of you, and frauds behind you U hat appears to be the condition of things in Mol. bourne, to which may be added, underneath and over you, and all round you. In fact, the whole city is enveloped in allegations of fraud, and probably the next six months won't see the end of the Premier Permamn nt Building, Land, and Investment Association cases alone. One set of them are now being heard, and will probably last a fortnight. After them will come the charges against the directors and other high ollicials, the end of whoso cases no man eeo.oth. It is quite evident that the preliminary inquiry will end in a commitment for no ordinary magistrate or justice of the peace can be expected to see through or un derstand such a mass of figures as are daily brought before them. Therefore they will shunt the responsibility by sending the cases on to a jury, and it's about 500 to 1 that the jury will know a great deal less at the end than at the beginning of the inquiry trial, and, to get over the difliculty, will acquit the lot. In the meantime thousands will have been squandered among the lawyers (it is said at the rate of between three and four hundred guincane a day), which will come out of the pockets of the unfortunate depositors, who have no say in the matter. Sweating in Xelbourne. The report of the committee of the Tailors' Union on the subject of sweating in Melbourne, so far as the clothing trade is concerned, is of a most pitiful, and at the same time degrading character. The com. mittee have evidently done their work thoroughly, having made almost a house to house inspection where sweating is carried on. Much of the work that is done for the fashionable tailors of Collins, Swanaton, and Bourke streets, as well as the larger clothing establishments of Flinders-laneo and Little Collins-street, is done by the sweaters' work. people, whoso very blood and life is being ground out in the process at starvation wages. The disclosures are quite as bad as anything aset forth by those masters of English fiction, Besant and Rice, in their masterly novel dealing with the question of underpaid labour of the tailoring and undor. clothing character-" Theo Children of Gibeon." The," Song of the Shirt," as written by Hood, would apply with equal force in Melbourno in other respects, where it might be appropriately altered to the "song of the trousers," for does not the report tell of one poor old woman who keeps her miserable lifo together by making one dozen pairs of men's trousers for 10s-l10d a palr! Twice eight hours a day has she to work to make 10os a week. And this is the class of work that is not only found atthe cheap slop'seller's,but. at reputable-nay, fashionable-tailors in our midst; work, every stitch of which is inter mingled with the blood and groans of a starving herd of sweaters' victims. In some cases the disclosures are perfectly shocking, showing how pure young girls toil and slave for a wretched pittance of Gos or 7s a week, and whofinally succumb and take tothestreets as a last resource to save themselves from starvation. The sweaters themselves do splendidly, making, many of them, from £10 to £25 a week profit out of the "sweat " of their victims. The report is to be laid before the next meeting of the Tailors' society, and is sure to arose a great deal of indignation. Also a public meeting has been convened to consider the whole subject, and call upon the Government to try by some kind of legisla tion to put a stop to the condition of things as exposed bythis.sweating report. Political. There really is no change whatever to re port since my letter of Friday last. A motion of no confidence was then before the House and the country. It is still in the same condition, the debate not yet being concluded. Really it is one of the tamest things of the kind that one ever heard of In a parliamentary assemblage. Itis being treated by the Government almost with contempt; but the Opposition are, meeost of them, speak. ing strongly on it, although they know they are certain of a crushing defeat. It means a waste of time of about ten days. Probably it will not be till the end of next week that tha Adressain.Reply will be carried and the Houen really begin the work of the session. Rather a Sell. A good jokozomes from theatrical quarters. It was intended last Sunday to have a grand up-country picnic, to which Mr. J. L. Toole, the famous English comedian, was to be one of the principalguests. They iere to start at 10 o'clock from a certain spot in a four-horse drag, and several buggies to follow. But the elements were utterly opposed to any outdoor picnics. The rain came down Heaveneshard, and the thinghad to be abandoned. But here's where the joke comes in. Two young actors-great practical jokers-had the night before made up their mind to have a bit of fun with T'oole and sell him, if they could, as he was so proud of sell ing others. These gentlemen (both low comed~ians) thought that to render a bush psenio perfect Mr. Toole should be introduced to some genuine Australian natives after his prolonged sufforinge at theirhands onthe pro viousFriday night, when the A.N.A. gave him a grand supper, speechos,songs, &o.; Accord ingly they loft town on Saturday night with complete wardrobes based on the model of King Billy, and a sufReientastore of black paint. But with them went a "guide philosopher and friend," who had been artfully selected for them by J.L., who smelt a rat. After spending a somewhat stormy night at a hotel at Box Hill-a suburb about a dozen miles from town-they refreshed themselves in the morning with copious draughts of rum and milk and devilled bones, and then, led by their " guide," they repaired to a deserted shanty near the road to be traversed by the eminonth comedian. Boon they had converted themselves into lordly aboriginals. Then they waited for their prey; their guide retiring out of sight with their toggery, to be cooeyed for when the joke was played out, But it never was playedout--that ie not their joke. The guide was a traitor, and the weather prevented the advent of the picnio party. After. a miserable ramble through the wet bush in search of the guide the hapless pair at last struck a hotel not far from the township, but they were ruthlessly refused admission. The landlady bolted and barred up every door and window, fearing an attack from the noble but dusky owners of the soil. Then, as the rain came down in torrents, these un lucky wights sought refuge in the cowshed, where they shivered in company till the ar rivalof two policemen, who hbd been fetched from the township by the landlady's only son, a youth of 14 summers. They tried to explain; it was no good; they were dragged off to the lookup, and "logged" onthe elastic charge of insulting behaviour. For tunately they were allowed to communicate with Melbourne, with the result that relief arrived in the shape of their clothes and their "guide," who explained the whole omatter amidst a hearty laugh, in which the victims joined. They reached town by the last train that night, and when they placed their feet upon the stage at rehearsal next morning, they were greeted by a peaool of laughter that fairly made them yell themselves, and theor was Johnny " going it" fit to burst his sides. It was speedily a case of "Drinks all round," but it will be a long time before those two young meniedians will hear the last of this joke , Coffee talaces. It is to be hoped that the new hotels and eJffeo palaces of S.ydney will meet with more succese than the Federal Coffee Palace and Grand IHotel of Melbourne are doing. These are two great barns of buildings, the one in Collins-street, close to the Spencor-streeoot station, and the other in Spring-street, nearly opposite to Parliament Hlouse, and most charmingly situated. Both these contain I don't know how many hundreds of bedrooms, and each cost about £100,000, and neither of them pay. The fact is, you don't get the besoat class of people at coffee palaces where tem perance drinks only are to be obtained. New management has been entered upon at the Federal Palace in the hope of improving things, and similar promises were made to the shareholders of the Grand Hotel a few days ago, when a meeting was held, and a dividend at the right of 4 per cent per annumwas declared. At the same time it was admitted that this 4 per cent ought to haue been put on one side as a reserve fund, and for other things, but the.directors feared if they did this, and no dividend was declared, the price of shares would decline. In fact they admitted that the concern did not pay, and that the outlook was a very gloomy one. Then there is another big hotel going up; and almost finished, at the back of the Exhibition. This is sure to be another white elephant, and already has been cast into court, and "further proceedings," in the way of com pletion, stalyed. Of a verity, although the commoner kinds of coffoee palaces- the shil ling a night "touches"--may pay, it does look as if the "upper crust" places of this character cannot pay salt. rTh'y will pro bably drop their coffee pretensions, and eand in getting a license to retail spirituous, malt, and fermented liquors. Entertainmnents. Friond Dampier has closed his season at the Alexandra, and been succeeded by Thlornton's Comedy Company "don't you know," who are playing "The Privato Secretary" to a good business. The attendance is falling off at the Princese, where Toole has entered upon his last week; and the dress circle prices have again been lowered to 5s. They had no right ever to be raised. At the Royal. despite the attiecks made on " After Dark " by the press, it has been doing the biggest business known at this place of amusement for avery long time past; but on Saturday it is to be succeeded by "The Silver King," which will bring Mr. Charles Warner's season to a close, and at the end of June he will Idaveo for England; but it is quite expected that he will return shortly and enter into management; indeed, no one would be surprised to find him joining the firm of Williamson and G.rner, who have so long been atriumvirato that it imuetcomequite strange to them to be only a duodecimo. Nelly Stewart and hlier merry maidens at the Opera House to- night play "Paul Jones" for the 54th time, and business is still as good as ever. "Caste" at the Bijou has had a wonderfully phenomenal run, but will be withdrawn after to-morrow to make room for "Joseph's Sweetheart." The Cogills and Rickards have been playing at St. George's. hall to apparently good business; but the former have, nevertheless, filed their eche dules this week. The Victoria-hall is still idle; but the cyelorama, the waxworks, and other such side-shows flourish as usual. They don't eat anything and have a small salary list, consequently the ghost is a very substantial -reality, and success is the order of thoeii day. 