MEIMORIAL SERVIOE. On Sunday lust, Rev. J. Barley Sharp preached a very impressivew memorial service on the death of Mr F., Schroider, which took place at his resi dence on the' Sunday previous. The.I •wordsof lila text were taken from St. John,; VII .clp. and 12tli verse- " Soifi 'said' lie is i' good man, others auid nary." The rev. gentlhtnan first dwelt on the' foregoing words' as ap plied to our Lord, by the ment who had his character under discussion, 'and' from this he took a'oursury vi:-w of the cliaracter of tlih departed, who was a lchurchman, and who took an interest in the affairs of the 'church sinie the foundation' 'stone was laid ' He was a good man because hi renared a good family of sons and daughters, who gave their services to church by helping in the choir and Sunday school. lie was a good man because lie con formed to the ordinances of the church by having his children lbaptized' therein when in infany. The sacrn. Ieont of baptism was helre el,.tmnly impressed on the congregation by Mir Sharp, who adjured all present to have their children baptized, and if an un. baptized child wore dying, if a clergy. teans services could not be obtained in time, that the doctor, nurse, or even the parents could perform the rite by the sprinkling of water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This sacrament ordained by Christ him. self, made those pertaining of it menr bers of Christ and members of the church. Mr Schrmder was a good man becausu he was a good husband, father, and good memler of society, the latter by not only carefully looking after his own business, but by giving some of his time to public duties. Rev. Mr Sharp brought his remarks to a close, Iy exhorting the relatives and friends of the deceased who were presa ent, not to mourn, but rather to rejoice that their beloved one was where there was no more pain or trouble, and the mortal had put on immortality. An invitation was given to all who could conveniently stay, to help in the ser vice ;n connection with the Commun ion, and those who felt prepared, to come forward and partake of the em bloms of our Savour's death. The greater part of the congregation, which 'was a large one, stopped to take part in the service and the largest number we ever witneass d in this church, par took of the sacrament. 