MISCELLANEOUS. The De Courcy estate has been settled in a very satisfactory manner. Mr. Lane Joynt, receiver, informed the tenants that he had been instructed by the court to wipe out the six years' rent in dispute on condition that they would pay a full year's rent up to September, 1889. The tenants told Mr. Joynt that they would consent to the payment of one year's rent if he allowed a reduction of 35 per cent., and intimated that they were in no way anxious to embrace the offer. The receiver took upon himself the responsibility of acceding to their request. The announcement was received with much gratification. On Saturday, the 8th March, the tenants evicted some time ago by Mr. Martin Fhelan, Johnstown, went into occupation of their houses in accordance with the decision arrived at before the meeting of the Irish National League on the previous Sunday, namely—"The landlord to repair the windows broken on the occasion of the evictions, in addition to repairs already done, and tenants to commence paying rent from the date of their reinstatement." The tenants' houses were illuminated in honour of the victory. Our old nobility are to the front again as makers of splendid bags in the golden sport of land purchase. . By a Parliamentary return issued this week (says United Ireland of 15th March) it is shown that during the six months ended last December sales amounting to close upon £650,000 have been effected under the Landlords' Belief Act. The average number of years' purchase which this enormous sum represents is very close on seventeen. The Marquis of Waterford walks off in these transactions with something like £70,000, Sir Arthur Blennerhasset with over £24,000, Lord Normanton with close on £64,000, while the Drapers' Company carry out of Ireland as a final haul over £65,000. These are, it must be confessed, handsome finishing touches to immemorial careers of plunder on the part of these noble and tradesmen rackrenters. Mr. James Stephens, in a letter to a friend in this city, dated the 9th March, expresses his keen satisfaction at the triumph of Mr. Parnell over the limes. "That triumph," writes the famous old '67 leader, " is complete in every way, and is all that Mr. Parnell's most devoted friends and admirers could desire." Mr. Stephens also conveys a cheery message of congratulation to Mr. Davitt. We wonder (says the Dublin Freeman what Would be O'Connell's feelings if he were now alive to see his friend John Nugent knighted ? Surprise would probably predominate ; but, with that warm heart of his, an emotion of pleasure would no doubt follow, and his genial face would beam, and his eye pleasantly twinkle in the abandon of racy enjoyment. The " Sir John" of to-day is the " Jack Nugent" of the Emancipator's letters addressed to Patrick Vincent Fitzpatrick and other fellow-workers in the cause of Civil and Beligious Liberty (wide " O'Connell's Correspondence," Vol. lL, p. 403). In one of-liis last letters—written in London, from whenoe lie never returned to Ireland alive—O'Connell writes, 12th February, 1847*—'"Poor Nugent is so anxious to have me well that he mistakes his wishes for his opinions. May God's holy will be done 1" Dr. Nugent was, in fact, the Liberator's physician,. and rarely left his side. O'Connell was now bnt the ghost ot his former .self. ' The dying Liberator tottered to the .House of Commons, where, ; ! " Ireland is in your hands, in your xrnm » yon do not save her she cannot save wi? I solemnly call on you to recollect S predict, with the sheerest conviction one-fourth of her population shall ^ unless you come to her relief." They ft} 