Courting of DM Shadd BY RUDTARD KIPLING. Axx day I had followed at the heels of a pursuing army engaged on one of the finest battles that ever camp of exercise beheld. Thirty thousand troops had l>y the wisdom of the Government of India been turned loose over a few-thousand square miles of country to practise m peace what they would never attempt m war. Consequently cavalry charged .unshaken infantry at the trot. "Infantry captured artillery by frontal attacks delivered in line of quarter columns, and mounted infantry skirmished up to the wheels of an armoured tram which earned nothing more deadly than a twenty-five pounder Armstrong, two Ifordenfeldts and a few score volunteers all cased m three-eighths-inch boiler-plate. Yet it was a very life-lite camp. Operations did not cease at sundown: nobody knew the. country and nobody was to spare man or horse. There was unending cavalry scouting, and almost unending forcedwork over broken ground. The Army of the South had finally pierced the . centre of the Army of. the.Sorth, and was pouring through the gap hot-foot to capture a city of. strategic importance. Its front extended fanwise, tlie stacks being represented by regiments strung out along the line of route backwards to the divisional transport columns and all the lumber tuat trails behind an army on the move. On its right, the broken left of the Army of the -Vorth was flying in mass, chased by the Southenihorse and hammered by the. Southern guns till these had been pushed far beyond the limits ..of their last sup-: port. Then the flying column sat down to rest, while the elated commandant of the pursuing force telegraphed that lie held it in check and observation.- •:• Unluckily he did not observe-that three miles to his right flank a flyingcolumn of Northern horse, with a detachment of Ghoorkhas and British troops, had been pushed round, as fast as the'failing light allowed, to cut across the entire rear of the Southern army, to break, as it were, all the ribs "of the. fan where they converged by striking at the transport reserve ammunition and artillery supplies. Uieir instructions were to go in, avoiding Uie few scouts who might . not have been ; drawn off by the - pursuit.- and crcate sufficient .excitement to . impress tlie Southern Army with the wisdom of guarding their own flank Said rear before they captured cities. It was a pretty mautuuvre, neatly carried out. - : Speaking for the second division of the Southern Army, our first intimation of it fas at twilight, when the artillery were labouring in deep sand, most of :the escort were trying to help them out. and the main body of the inf miry had gone on; a Jfoah's Ark of elephants, cai-iels, and the mixed menagene of an ludie.u transport train bubbled and squealed behind the guns : when there appeared from nowhere in particular Bntisii infantry to the extent of tliree companies, vbo sprang to the heads of tlie gunhorses and brought all to a stand-still amid oaths and cheerE " How's that-; -xnnpiie ' " said the major commanding the attack, and with one roice the drivers and limber gunneis answered "Hout 1 " while the' colonel of: artillery sputtered " All your scouts are charging our main , body," said the major * Your flanks are unprotected for two miles I think "we've broken the back of this division. 1 And hsten—there go the G-boorkas 1 " A weak fire broke from the rearguard more than a mile away, and was answered by cheerful bowlings The Ghoorkhas, who should have swung clear of the second division, had stepped on its tail in the dark, but drawing oft hastened to reach the next . line, , which lay -almost parallel to us, fire or mi miles away Our column swayed and surged irresolutely,- three batteries, the -divisional ammunition reserve, the baggage, and a section of hospital and bearer corps The commandant ruefully xirOmised to report himself " cut up " to the nearest umpire and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the care of ISblis. toiled on to resume touch with the rest of the dira S10E . ' Well bivouac here tonight" salt the major, I :lia,ve a: motion tha -the Ghoorkhas will get caught. They may want us to re form on Stand eas till the transport g tsavay ' A hand caught -my beast's bndlev.and. led him out of the choking dust, a larger hand deftly canted me out of the saddle, imd two of iiie hugestiands in tfaeworld receivedme-slidiiig ™ *" is the lot of the special ec who falls into sudi bands these parts gets , sight av the thruck," said Mulvaney, making practised investigation, " they'll loot everything. They're bein fed on ironfilin's an- dog biscuits these days, but glory s no compensation for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sorr. Beer, sausage, bread {soft, an that's a curosity), soup in a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' foivls;-.- Mother av BIoses, but ye take the field like a confectioner ! 'lis scand'lus." ' Ere s a orfieer, . said Orthens sigmfi- cantiy.. 'rWhen the sergent's done lushm the prmt may clean the pot.'' X bundled several fhinss into Mulvanej .s haversack before the majors hand : fell on my shoulder and he said tenderly s " Requisitioned for the Queen s service- "Wolselev was quite wrong about special correspondents. They are the best friends of the soldier. Come and take pot-luck with lis to-night." And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well-considered commissariat melted away to reappear on the ,mess table, which was a waterproof 1 sheet spread onrthe ground. The flymsrcolumn had taken three days" rations with it; and there be few tilings nastier than Government rations, especially when Government is experimenting with German toys; Erbswurst. turned beef of surpassing tinnmess, compressed vegetables, and meat biscuits niav be nourishing, but what Tlionuis Atkins wants is bulk.-luj JEsulu. ., The major, assisted by his brother olhcers,. purchased goats for the camp, and.so. made the experiment of no effect. Long before -the fatigue party sent to collect brushwood had returned, -the- men were settled down by their valises, kettles and pots had. appeared from tlie surrounding countiy. and were dangling over' fires as the kid and . the compressed vegetables bubbled .together there rose a cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous demands for "alittle more stuffin""with that there liver-wing,"' and gust on gust of .cha.tr as pointed as a bayonet and as delicate as-agun-butt. .. ; '..' " The boys are in a good temper,' said the major. -' They ll. be singing presently. Well, a night like this is , enough to keep them happy ' Over our heads burned tlie "wonderful Indian stars, which are not all pricked an on one plane, but. preserving an orderly perspective, draw the eye through Hie velvet darkness of the void: up to the: barred, doors of neaven itself. The earth was a.«rcy slL-idow more,unreal than the shy. We could hear her breathing lightly m i3ie pauses between tie howling-of the jackals, the movement m the wind in the tamarisks, and tlie htiul mutter of musketry-tire; leagues away to the left. . A native woman from some "unseen - hut began to. sing, the mail train thundered past on its wav to Delhi, and a roosting crow cawed drowsily. , Then there was a belt-Ioosciiiiig silence about the fires, and the even bKnlhing of the crowded earthtook up the \ Tlie men/ fujl foil, turned to tobacco; aad£Oiig^the;rO!J!r.OTswith them: Happy is the subaltern who call--win the approval. lie musical ciicics in his regiment, and is honoured aiming the more intricate step-dancers. By him, as by hnu who pkys-cneket craftily, will JThonias A tkms stand in time: vf need,.when hc iwill lefca better oiheer go on alone. ' Tlie. ruined tombs of, forgotten Mussulman .^saints Heard tlie Iwdliid of '': AgiaTown,-. ."The BufUle 1? tferj, ' "Muehmg-toKsbvl, The lom, long Indian Day,' "The Place wbei® the JPuniah-coolie Died,' and- that crashing chorus which announces; • \outlis Ganng spirit. manhoods fire, , Eirm hand and eagle eye Husthcacqmrc, who -would aspire To see the grey boar die " ; To-d,y, of all those jovial thieves who appropriated my commissariat and. lay and laughed round that waterproof-sheet, not one remains. They went to camps that were not of eiercise, and batflfes without umpires Burmah, the Soudan and the frontier fever and light took them In then time I drifted afeross to the men's fires q searcii of: Mxdvaney}" whom -I-fotmiststBtegicaHygreasmghhisieetb^ Theie is notlnno- particularly lovely lo the sight of a private thus .a3ongday'srmarcb;lmtwben yourefleet on the. jeiaoti-proporfaon of the " might, inajestj, domimon, and jsowcr" of the Bntish Umpire that stands on iio efeefc, There s a Mister, bad to nt, on the heel, said THnlvane "I can't touch -ut Pack lit out, Jitfie Ortheria produced ins bouse wife, eased be trouble witli a needle, tabbed. Miil vaney in the calf wiHi the same weapon, -and was inconhnenH-licluedmf& the fire. 'Tve brak 'the "beet av mytoes over yoa, ye gomim 3 child av ? best wid you, sorr, an' how did you happen to be on the losm'.Bide tins day when we captured you ?" : " The Army of the South is wmnmg all all along the line," I said " Then that line's the hangman's rope, savin your presence. You'll learn tomorrow how we rethreated to draw thim on before we made thim trouble, and that's what- a woman does. By the same token, we 11 be attacked before the dawnin' an' sit would be better not to slip your boots. How do 1 know that ? By the light av pure: reason. Here are three compames ar us ever so far inside av the the enemy's flank an' a crowd av '•oarin', tarin an sqneahn' cavalry gone or just to turn out the whole -nest av them" Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades like aa not, an' then we'll have to run for nt. Mark my words. 1 am av the opinion av Polomus whin lie said • " Don I fight with ivry scatt for the pure joy av %litm', but if you do, knock the nose , of him. first and frequmt' We ought-to ha' gone on an* helped -the Ghoorkhas." • :..- .. "But what do you know about Polomus ? ' I demanded. - This' was a new side of Mulvaney's character " All that Shakespeare ever wrote an' a dale more that the gallery shouted,"' said the man of war, carefully lacing his boots,. Did I not tell you av Silver's ilioatre an^DaMm w3un T was younger than!am now, an' a patron av thedraina' Ould Silver wnd never pay actor, man or woman, their just dues, an' by consequence. his comp'mes: was collapsible at the last mmut'. : Then the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made them pay for the fun- Faith I've seen Hamlut played wid a new black eye an the Queen as full as a comucopia I remember wanst Hogm that -listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, hesejuced ould .Silver into givin' lum Hamlut's part mstid of me that had a fine ..-fancy for rhetoric in those days Av cOiiioC X went - into the gallery-an'- began to fill the pit wid other people's •hats, an': I passed the time av. day to .Hogiu .walkni" through Denmark like a hamstruna mule wid a pall on his back: ' Hamlet, sez I, ' there's a hole :m your heel. Pull up your shtockms, Hamlut,' sez I. ' Haudut, Hamlut, for tlie loveav decmcy dhrop that skull an' pull Tip your sbtockins.' Tlie whole: house began to tell lum tliat. He stopped his soliloquislnns mid between 'My shtockms im?.y--be. comm' doBTi or they.may-not,' sez he. s.crewm his mfco-'the gallery,' for well be knew who I was. 'Butafter the performance - is-, over me an' the Ghost 11 trample the guts out av you, Terence, wid your ass's bray, —an' that's w I come to know about Hamlut-, ah ! Tliose days, those days ! Did j'ou iver; have onendin' develmmt an' liotlun' to pay for it m your-life, sor I" " Never, without- having to pay," 1 Ld " That tlnue ' 'Tis mane whin you considhu- on ut, but utjs tlie same wid: horse or hit. A headache if you dlirink, an- a bellyrache if you eat too much, ail" a lic,irt-aLhe to kape all doivn Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the: lucky man. He dropped hiB h ead and stared into the fire, fingering Ins moustache the while From the far side of the bivouac the voice of Corbefc-iSol ui, senior subaltern of B com,jjnj uplifted itself an ancient and much appreciated song of. sentiment^-the m«»n -mnamTig•inalnfllniiKly b''^""^ Aim--. The north-\vmd lilew coldly, FJie droojjed frolilijiii hour, ifv. own Ltt-'.o -Kafliltcii, Invisweet liltle KfitMeen •Satbleec, mv Kathleen, Katiilccu C.Moore I With forty five O's m the la t word, even at that distance -yon might have cut the soft South Irish accent with a shovel : "For ail we take we must pa , but the price is cruel ingb, '-miirrnured. Mnlvaney^ when the chorus bad-ceased "What's the trouble!" I said gently, for I knew that he was a man of rnestinguishable sprrow. "&ar; mow," «ud he "Ye-know' what I am now I knoif niat l tmat to be at the beginnrn' service I've tould you tune an* agam, an' -wha 1^ I have •not Dinah Shaddba An' what ml!-, Oh, Mary Mother av Heven, an ould; ,dliriinken, . ?mtriistable baste av a pnvat that bas seen the regiment change out from coluncl to drummoi boy, not vanst oitwyst, butscoresavfames * Ay scores*; An' me not bo near gettan promotion ai ^eferstJ An'^ie 2rnn J oiLan' iapmj clear o' Clink, not b my wn good conduck, »ut tie kindness -av some orfcer— bhoy young enough to be-son to me 1 Do J'not know ufc? Can I not t«H whin rm passed over at p'rade, tiio' Tm xocknf fall aviiqupr an ea such as even a feuctan child migtit ee,l bekaKP ^flh 'fiH only mild IVMvanv 1 ?J gets away from my ' Mind ye now,' an' ' Listen to this, Jim, bhoy,'—sure I amthat setjint houlds me up to him for a warnin'. So I- tache, as they Bay at musketay-instrncjion, by direct and ricochet fire. Lord be good to me> for I have stud Bome throuble!" . ^ :" lie down and go to sleep," said I, not being able to comfort or advise, "you're the best man in.the regiment, and, next to Ortheris, the . biggest fool. lie down and^wait till we're attacked. What force will they turn out ? - Guns, think you ? " " ThQr that wid your lorrds an' ladies, twistin' an' tnrnin'. the t^k, tho' you mint nt well,. Te cud say nothin' to help me, an' yet ye never-knew "what cause Xhad to be what I am." \- " Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said, royally. " But rake up the fire a bit first." •.. ,. • I passed Ortheris's bayonet for a poker. " That shows how little:we know what to do," said Mulvaney, putting it aside. " Fire takes all the heart out av the steel, an'the next tune, may be, that our little man is fighting fo his life his bradawl 11 break, and' so youH av killed him, mamn' no more then to kape yourself warm. 'Tis a recruitie's thnck that Pass the cLaun' red, sorr " I snuggled down abashed, and after an interval the low even voice of Mulvaney began (To be continued ) THE MEN", FOLL TED, IUESED TO TOBACCO AND SOIFG 