DEMOCRACY OR OLIGARCHY. After the manner in which last week was spent in Parliament the question to be now dealt with is whether this colony is to bo governed on democratic prin- ciples or whether the control of affairs is to bo arbitrarily monopolisod by a small gang of political rowdies who arrogato to themselves a despotic power more odious nnd tyrannical than tho iron absoluteism of Kaiser or Czar. If Parliament has no power to pro- vent itself from being stultified and tyrannised over by any two or throe unscrupulous notoriety hunters who Beek to acquire " reputations" in this way, then it is evident that repre sentative government is a failure nnd tho sooner wo alter it for somo more worknblo system the better. During tho whole of last week four members of Parliament, representing between them not a twentieth of the community, deliberately and successfully vetoed all legislation which tho rest of tho country's representatives essayed to pass. They were all this timo mouthing inflated democratic plnti- t.ndna and trnmnlinrr under foot dcmocratio principles. Democracy in this colony is understood by the people to mean government by majority, but in Parliament a few of tho loudest- talking democrats deny this right alto gether, and set up a purely arbitrary and despotic Government of thoir own. They claim for themselves tho privilege of allowing tho representatives of the vast majority of the country to legislate or of preventing them from doing so just ns they think fit, and through out the wholo of last week thoy exercised this violently usurped power by vetoing everything with tho swaggering irresponsibility of pure-bred oligarchs. If this is to go on any longer democracy in New South "VY ales will become a byword nnd " re presentative government" a term of ironical reproach to tho intelligent manhood of the community. "When these four members, whom it is needless to name, as their actions speak for themselves, were elected to salaried seats in the Legislative As sembly it was not understood that they were being invested with tho power of autocratically vetoing tho laws which tho rest of tho commu nity wished to onact. These aro days in which tho power of arbitrary veto is regarded with the greatest in tolerance by all democratic communities, and tho throne of no constitutional monarch in tho world would be worth a year's purchase if its occupant at tempted to block the legislation of the people's representatives with half tho blatant bravado nnd irritating persist ency with which tho same thing is dono by two or three self-appointed despots in the enlightened democracy of New South Wales. If it were over intended to create a votoing authority of this kind without whose permission Parliament should not have the right to legislate the men who now coolly instal themselves in that position hardly, belong to the type that the country would select. But there will be no need to discuss tho character of tho oligarchy which is to be entrusted with tho function of vetoing our legislation until the poople deliberately decide to do away with our present froo constitution and set up a mongrel despotism of that kind in its place. Under our present system of government the legitimate majority have the right to rule, and until the people voluntarily abdicate that right they will look to Parliament to have it enforced and respected. Of courso if Parliament confesses itself impotent in the matter, and admits that it can only legislate for the country when this or that little clique of obstructionists choosos to allow it, representative government breaks down and there can be no help for it. Tho question now is, does Parlia ment mean to give up the ghost in this fashion, and collapse before the brutal intimidation of a political hobnailed boot 7 Last week it lias done so, and whether the pitiful spoctaclo is to bo repeated this week has yet to bo seen. It has been said that if such obstruction is not discontinued tho bost thing for Parliament to do is dissolve. That doctrine is simply another way of ad mitting the right of such obstruction to put its veto on legislation... Supposing the House weredissolvod to-morrow, wo may be pretty sure that if the present little clique of obstructionists wore not re elected their placos would be filled by olhors of the same kidney. From a mixed com munity we must always expect to evolve a mixed Assembly, and experience has already taught (hat a dissolution is no remedy for such obstruction as that in deference to which Parliament at present suspends its legislative functions. We admit that were tho wholo Opposition to determine upon obstructive measures the evenness of tho present party balanco would render business impossible, and tho proper courso under such exceptional circumstances would be an appeal to tho country for n fresh adjustment of party lines so as to form a worknblo House. The difference between such a case ns that and tho present one, however, hardly needs pointing out. So far tho Opposition as a body havo not identified themselves with tho small band of obstructionists who last week succeeded in turning Parliament into a Pandemo nium, but on tho contrary sovcral of tho prominent men of that party repudiated nnd condemned it. What it behoves the Government now to do is call upon the Opposition to bo as good in practice n3 they aro in precept and assist them in putting down this obstruction so as to let the work of the country go on. If the Opposition rofuso then, say what thoy will, tlicj' must nccept before tho country the responsibility for it. Tho rule3 of tho House, if supported by the House, are quito powerful enough to uphold representative government against the tyranny of irresponsible minorities, and tho timo has now como when either representative government must go to tho wail or these rules must bo unflinchingly applied. Everything de pends upon whether tho Opposition will assist the Government in maintaining tho right of the House to legislate. If thoy do tho difficulty may be soon ended ; if they refuse they aid and abet ob- swuvviuu, in inu ittvu ui iiinwii wvtuuiyir ing to transact public business in the present House would simply be to drag representative government in the dirt. 