PROFESSIONAL SCULLING RACE. Thlsovent, regarding which an immonse amount of interest has been taken, came off on Saturday afternoon on the Saltwater River course, under conditions as regards weather most favorable for a boat race, and resulted in au easy victory for isuuoor. Tunt tuo imgnsuinan wouut win was ex pectod except by Kerr's most enthusiastic sup porters, but no one expected that the Victorian would nmko such a poor tussle as he did against his opponent. In amateur rowing, and especially in four and eight oared crews, the representatives of Victoria have provod that they can hold their own against all thoy have mot, but in professional rowing the oldor colony of Now South IValos stands alone, and her men truly and ably represent all Australia against tbo world. No doubt the clial- lengo issued by Kerr to Bubear to row a race in Victoria for £50 a side, allowing tbo English man £10 towards his expenses in coming over from Sydnoy, arose from the known excellence of Kerr as an amateur sculler, and through a degree of ignor anco as to the difference betwoon amateur and pro fessional scullers in quality. It has been thought, too, that Bubear, the ox- chainpion of England, has greatly deteriorated In strength and skill dur ing the past two or throe years, because he is not now recognised as capable of .boating one of the first rank of Sydney scullers. The fact is Bubear has not fallen off so much as tlio Sydney scullers have improved. Ouo lias only to visit the Parra- matta River oil the ovo of an important sculling contest to realise to what extent as a business pro fessional rowing in New South Wales has attained. At least a dozen scullers can be found practising morning and afternoon on the Parramatta, some preparing for matches made, and others keening in trim for an engagement. A few weoks ago Bubear was amongst the number, and ho was considered to bo a lucky follow when Kerr's offer to row him a raco was known. There wore several youngsters of far luferior calibre to the Englisluuau who would have been only too ready to moot the Victorian for the stake and under the conditions proposed, but, ; evidently, a contest against any one of thorn was not considered big enough to enable Kerr to make a reputation for himself at a single bouud. When the cballonge was received Bubear was already in good condition, as ho had been wound up for his two races against R» Brown, ouo of the rising scullers of the sister colony. Kerr, on tlio other hand, though occasionally taking a short paddlo, was far short of racing condition, and on the match boing mado ho was loft only a few weoks to fit himself to row a liard 3 miles raco. To get fit Kerr trusted mainly to land exorciso, rowing very little, and then, contrary to professional custom, without a companion to koep him going. In Sydney Bubear coulu and did take Ids spins on the river regularly twice a day, in company with the best men on the river, nud in his fortnight's practice on the Saltwater Rivor had young J. Tylor to accompany him. Tho result of the two different methods of training was apparent by a glance at the men as thoy paddled up to the steamers before starting for their race. Bubear looked ruddy and hardy, and his faco boro a contidont expression, in marked coutrast to tho sallow appcarauco and norvous expression of Ids opponout. Tho Englishman, who weighed 11 at, 10 lb., looked fit to row a desperate race from start to finish, while Kerr, woighiug 11 st. 41b., liadlittlo in his appearance to betoken success, unless ho couUl score all by superior skill. Tho steamers Sprightly and Geolong, chartered to follow tho race, were well flllod at 5s. por head, and tho Acis, carrying passengers at a lower tariff, had also a good number on board. Mr. U. Upward, tlio umpire, took up his position oil board tho Sprightly, anu this vessel was altowcd procedunco during tlio mcu, though tho othor two vessels kept well up, aud afforded thoiv patrons a good view of the men from start to finish. Captain Scott, tho assistant harbor master, kindly undertook to have a clear course, and he Is entitled to thnnks for tho successful manner in which he corriod out the task. There wore no obstructions, and the river was in splendid order. The light southerly brcczo just raised a ripplo, and favored tho scullurs in making fast time, and as a further help tho tido was running in slowly. Tho articles for the race stated that the men should start by mutual consent botween 3.30 and 4 o'clock, aud by tho lattor time both weie alongside the steamer Sprightly to receivo a few words of caution from the umpire as to the course each was to take. Bubear had won the toss for choice of stations and choso the Sandridge sido, which lias a slight advantage for the first mile. The distance for the contest was agreed upon to be 3 miles, but the men did not row so far by about a quarter of a mile, as the start was made at tho stoarn ferry instead of at the beacon, where the eiglitoared races begin. Instead of racing without jerseys, as is the practice amongst professionals, both men retained their colors, Bubear wearing a white jersey and blue and white cap, ami Kerr the well known cardinal and blue of tlio Yarra Yarra club, of which he is a member. The betting was dull, but a few wagers were made at 6 to 4 and 2 to I on Bubear. _ THE RACE. There was little delay after the steamers had drawn up. The two men were well out in the stream and nboht a' boat's length apart. A couple of times Buhcar shot off, but Kerr was not willing. The third timo both struck the water together, but in tno first half dozen strokes Bubear put great dash into his work and his boat gradually forged ahead. He was faulty with his right scull, and pulling harder with his left, the two boats got close together anu for a moment a foul was expected. By vigorous rowing, however, the Englishman averted the danger lie had run into, and in a few mora strokes had secured a length lead. Up to this point ho had struck 36 strokes a minute, Kerr doing a couple less. Haviugsccurud a lead, the Englishman gave proof of his skill an a waterman by rowing on his .opponent's quarter, and throwing up an awkward wash, that checked the run- of Kerr's boat. Both continued to keep in mid stream, and it was not until a clear length seiuimted the two boats that Kerr pulled over and roived on tho Handridgo- side, Buhear's course. In three minutes' racing Bubear was three lengths head, and already the coutest was getting shorn of interest, Butoar was slowly gaining, though not pressed, and Kerr bad settled down to a 29 per minute stroke, altogether lacking in dash. Spottis- wootte Point was Tcacbeil by Bubear, four lengths head, in 4 miu. 5 sea, and the contest, bar accidents, was over. Bubear settled down to an easy stroko of 26 per minute, and now and then would turn round to see if his courae was right. Again and again Kerr's supporters on tbo steamers urged their man on, but he was doing his best and coulanot raise their hones. Both men steered over to the sugar works side of tbo river, and Bubear was six lengths ahead when passing the dredge opposite to the entrance to Coode's Canal. At tho sugar works Korr got a little closer on sufferance, the time of the leader at this point being 11 min. 35 sec. In the run to the red dolphin aud the junc tion Bubear steered by far the better course, and his rowing was a niero paddle. Hearing the junction he al lowed his opponent to draw up to within a couple of lengths, ana then by a few well applied strokes shot away, till Bix lengths again separated tho boats. The time to this point wan 16 min. 10 sec. The finish was, as usual for championship races, opposite the old boat house of the Footscray Rowing Club. Crowds of people had nssotnblod to see tbo fiutsh, aud both men were cliccred as they rowed along. Bubc.ir had again allowed hU op ponent to draw up. and t he Victorian was urged to liven up and overhaul tho leader. Kerr did persevere, but his efforts were of no avail, and his steering was again faulty. He had rowed too close to the bank, and not withstanding repeated shouts tohiin to " piiUhisleftscull," he went straight on and almost ran his craft into a moored boat beforo he saw his danger, and then had to pull up. Before he could get clear Bubear reached the winning post eight lengths ahead in tho recorded time of 19 min. B see. Kerr was much distressed, but the winner was almost as fresh as be appeared at the start. He had scored an extremely easy victory, much easier than he had anticipated. Besides the stake and allowance for ex penses he receives 76 per cent, of the steamer receipts, and, therefore, his win was a profitable one. He was not pressed to raco more than half a mile, but he showed throughout that he is. a sculler worthy of his reputation. He rows a long nud free stroke, and applies great power with his body and legs. Kerr did not row so well as ho has done in practice audio Rome of his races. His grip was sluggish aud his reach cramped. Bubear was splendidly boated bySuhivnn, of Sydney, and Korr rowed in a craft which he has been usiug for some time, aud which was built by R. Fuller. It is probable tbat Bubear's next race will be against Nell Matterson, to whom ttcballengo has been issued on behalf of tho Englishman to make a match to be rowed on the Parraoiatta River for £100 aside. There is some talk, however, that A. Fitts, of Flemington, who, it wilt be reraotnbered was one of tho best amateur champions of Victoria, Is willing to row Bubear for £103 aside, if he is conceded a start of 20 seconds. Bubear state that he will row Fitts, giving him (ivo lengths start, for the stake montioncd, providing tho race is rowed not later than the 11th lust. Bubear was born at Crediton, In Devonshire, in 1859. His performances arc fairly good. After defeating Jack Largan in August, 1883, for £203 aside, be assumed the title of champion sculler of England. Wallace Ross con ceded him 10 seconds from Putney to Mortlake on 10th March, 18S4, the American winning rather easily, Bubear failed to givo O. Perkins S seconds start for £100 aside. In March, 1865. Bubear was beaten by Dave Goodwin. Bubear ami O. Noilscn (who was in England training Neil Mntterson) met on the 3rd June, 16S6, from Putney to Mortlake. The stakes were £100. and Bubear won easily. On the 24th July, 1886, ho also defeated Peter Kcuip for £100 arido over the saroo courso. He again defeated Kemp on the 20th September, 1886, for £100 aside. Iu tho same year ho carried off tho International Sculling Handicap, pro moted by thepruprietors of tho SporPwinn, defeating on that occasion Teernur, Wallace Ross, J. A. Ten Eyck, George Lee. Albert Haium, Perkins, Goodwin, C. Neilson anu "W. Ghost, Bubear rowed G. Perkins on the Tyno, on tho 7th February. 1889, for £100 asido and tho Sjwrtman Challenge Cup, md won easily. He mid a visit to America tho same year, and defeated Ten Eyck aud Wallace Ross in succession, lie had two matches with Charles Courtney, each for £200 aside. In the first Bubear was beaten, owing, he stated, to his rowlocks being tampered with, but in the second match Ihibenr won very eusily. On his return to England Bubear wus beaten on the 13th February, 1888, for £200 asido aod the Sitortsman Challenge Cup by Wallace Ross, but ou the 16th May the same year bo defeated Charles Cnrr on tho Tyoc for £100 aside. In a half mile race he was beaten by George Norwoll, but on the 19th February, 1889\. be turned tlio tables nu bis opponent 011 the Tyno championship course for £100 aside, conceding 10 seconds start. On tho 14th October last year he was defeated by Neil Matterson on tha Thames for £200 aside, the full course being rowed over in 22 min. 2scc.. which broke the record. Since bis arrival In Australia he has rowed R. J. Brown twice. Both races ended unsatisfactorily. Bubear won the first roco ou a foul, aod Brown won the second on afoul. Bubear stands 5 feet 84 inches, and weighs about 11 st, 10 lb. John H. Kerr is a native of North Melbourne, anu was born in 1866. lie Is 5 feet 10i iuches in height, and weighs about U St. In addition to being a good sculler, he has won several foot races. His first win in a scull ing raco woa in tlio Maiden Sculls at the Upper Yarra Regatta in 1886, and a fortnight afterwards bo pulled off tho Vonng Cup on the Albert Park Lake. After a spell, Kerr wou the will's Sculls agaiust five opponents on the Albert Park Boko. He stroked the Yarra Yarra four to victory at the Colao Regatta. After being beaten by 1. Bradley in tbo SeniorSculls Riice, be defeated the Ramo sculler easily zor tho Amateur Championship of Vic toria, Alulcy boing third, Foster, of New Zealand, fourth, and S. Fairbalrn last. This raco was rowed over tbo championship course, which is about three miles, tho official tiuio being 21 min. 30 sec. Again he stroked the Yarra Yarra club eight to victory at tho Colao Regatta, and at Warrnambool he rowed a dead beat with Fitz gerald iu a two miles sculling race, but was defeated in tho row off. A few days afterwards ho beat HUgcrald on the Albert Park Lake for the Will's Sculls. At the Bnrwon Regatta on the 19th March of tbis year he won tbo Amateur Championship Race. 