WHI8PEB8 AT THi mdCS Br OvHa" Evideotly tbe Winter Nigbt Tate for the Melbourne publio must be a fanny ttory if it It to be guccetafoL There la fun In plenty ot tbe Bijou, and tbe Bijou la enammed. There la a good deal of fun at tho Alexandra, and a highly aatiafactory and remunerative attondanoe,if not exactly a jammed audience. Tfaoro la fan at tbe ualety Hall, aud the "Hooao Full"pUcard lahungoot with gratify Ing regularity about tbe timotbat thelaffgird to making up bla mind where bo will go. Fun' too, and round unmUtakeablo fun,, forma tho staple of tbe admirablo entcrtaiu nieut at the victoria Hall, and tho result is that only the early bird can pick up a good oat in that quarter. For tho rest, alas ! solther the charma of Juliet nor tho grace of .Ilomoo, nor tho cunning shrewdness of Yorkshiro Jock Saxon, nor tno court kip of Kitty and Bob, can atone for the abecnoe of a regular tickler, and tmU« Melpomene learns to ect her bearers rearing., I fear aho will havo to wait until tho rcaoa bloom again for anything like pros- pwHy. ! " I like a good, airy house with plenty of room to breathe," said one Melbourne manager to another the othor day. "Then go to your Ctwn theatre" responded tho savage penon addressed. "You'll find plenty of room to breatbo in there." 1 Formosa the beautiful, but not exactly the good, was revived on Saturday nt tbo Theatre Royal, with a very good cast and n capital setting. Mia Kdltb Biond looked the part to admiration, and played it with excellent tanto and atnplo power. l)ick Stewart, In a fair wig, looked hand- omor tban usual, and played with all the force no weak a character aa Tom Bur- roughs could hold. Athclwold, m Lord Eden, wa very good, indeed, nnd Koyct, afl Bob Handera, porfect. Tito rest of the men folk were passable, but tho ladles were oil what Jc/imcs colls "llay.Wun." Mies Wii- JUnmonV Nolly is prettily pathetic, Mrs Walter Hill's Mrs Bokor a natural nnd ficotive performance, Mies Owynnc'a Ivdltli Burrouglte graceful and picaannt to look upon, nod Miss Tracoy quite a nmrvel an tho oojcetionnblo Mrs Dudley. Tho accuoryls admirable. Tho riverside villa by night, with the city in the distance, tho garden in tbo foreground and tbo brilliant supper room' at the side Is exceedingly beautiful and tho Barnes Bridge aceno is very flno, W is tho boat race set nt the- aid of Ute piny. The mornlity of tho piece fa quite oh good aa that of most pieces, tho chtef objection ol it being the wlahy-waahy, namby-pamby .uoturo of the majority of tbe personogca oflJio dcama. When Mr Mark MoUord hit upon tho serioa ot practical jokes which ho sirung into tiie .oomcdy of Turned Up he nnuio mora ; fortunnii than one. Aud when tho Providence that shapes (Jramntio ends oomblned fota? such comedians as Mr Brouglt nnd Mr Boifcicault, Mr Anson and Mils Ilomer in the cost ho did wonders for Mr Meiford. Of courae there ore other persons of importance In the piece, and very hand onto and graceful they are, as whitens Mrs ' Brongh aud Miss Temple; and very sprightly — a liltlo too much ao indeed, aornotimcs, as witness Mr Ward; and very pompous and starchy,' as witness Mr Gordon. But the fan lies with tho four mrtista flrstnmcd, and admirably they keep it going. Mr Brooch of courso, as Caraway Boutojliaa the lion's share oi the loudest laughter, and deserves it by tho wondcrfnl comicality of hi doings. Hla " kbu me, liioa," on catering a room full of strangers, act the keynoto of the piece, and from tbo tnomout when he re-enters, soaked ' and sodden, after bla dip in the river until tho «nd of tho nkv be keeps tho mirth goinj?. Bait the activity and rcatlrawneas and reodi- new of Mr Bouolcault as George Mcrl way nrc la their own stylo exactly as valuahlo and as rieeeuary to tno mirth of tho piece, while Miss Komor, wno seems to rorel in good praoUful fun, eotcra into tho- humor of ner. situations with a zest that carries nllboforeit. Mr Anson as amnchporpioxcd oa .captain, with an inconvenient black awoetheart, is not to be thought of withoatn chuokio.-and tho rcet af tho rood people al ready meat ianed koep the Duelneas going briskly, so that the laughter novcr ccasctw Thero Is nothing new to bo said about Now-a-days, except that now n day's life is nearly that resmlns to it. TonIgbt the Trades' Hall Council are to patronise Master and Mao, whore they will nave on opportunity of seeing how tho cold heart of toe crosty foreman may bo wanned op by tanging liim pretty eloso to a fiery futoaoe. .They will also bo able to noto how elbctively on advocate of conciliation iriay taterpoMftt tbe right moment, when Jack Walton come ie at tb nick of timo to save Humphrey Logan, and gcnarally they will have a very rood time. Tho aceno 1 most admire myecU Is Hist wherein tho irrcsistiblo Mrs Holt peevnadea tho policeman to try the home-brewed ale. It is my mtluiou that it wo«U be ell over with Sir Wilfred Iawsou i£«he got one chance at him. the Gaiety MubIo ifall they havo changed the programme, shortened and im proved tho perfonnance, and put on a newer and -prettier burlesono. Wherefore tbo xnonoy amies rolling in, and everything looks jovial. For a special and particular attrac tion among tho many I can commend Willlo Herman's dancing with a clear conscience. For a good musical performance in the first part, and a sido-splitting series of vorieuea in the second part, tno Victoria Hall company need fear no rivals. They are all very good, and tho coinblucd effect of tho 'part aluging and tho orchestra is admirable. . -Saturday noxt is to ho distinguished at tho I'rinocss Theatre by tho revival for alx ulghts o! La Tosca, and on Saturday week Frott Frou is to ho pro duced. These, with 'Twixt Axe mid Crown, will oonelado tho season of Mrs Potter and Mr- Bellow. - It will bo soon, there fore, that Borneo nnd Juliet havo only, three nights left to them, to night, to-morrow and Friday. It c&nuot; bo said that the management havo had a fair reword for the extraordinary pains, the excellent taste and tho lavish expoudlturo vehloh have signalised tho revival. No Bbaksperian . piece has. ever been so well Et upon tbe stage in Melbouruo. Mnch of acting is perfeet, and all of It fa at least satisfactory. The first night was a crasher, 'bat then the rain set In and spoiled that week. During the second week the at tendance was very good indeed, bat in the tbird it fell off. and tnla week began with a thin house on Monday. Taken only in the ligbt of a moat beautiful and pooticol spec tacle It deaerved a beter fate. Held by thb 'Enetny is tb bo revived at the Opera House, ' on Saturday. Messrs MaoMshon bought' tho Australian rights from Mr and Mrs Decker, who brought the piece hero nearly thrco years- ago. Tito revival will bo chiefly remarkable for tho assumption of .the part of Surgeon-Major Fielding by Mr William Hgnold, who Seated that character in London at s Princess Theatre.' Another notoworthy eyeatwUlbo the first appcaranco of Mr Groe&away; in a comedy cueractor, that of the '.War .Correspondent, Thomas., Henry Beoo. Theplecola a very interesting one, and tbe soenea at tbe court martial and in the headquarters of tho Federal force' are both very striking and good in a dramatic poist of view. ;On Saturday noxt at the Bijou Theatre a farcical comedy entitled The Balloon, bv Cbaflet' Wyhdhara and William Duck, will be seen for the first timo in Melbourne. Its oomplioationa arise from the fact that a cer tain Dob tor Glynn (Mr Brotigb) imagines he bts poisoned .. by oboldcnt tbo aunt of bts intended wue,' " and he is besides worried by ths return of a widow. Mrs Rip- ps&dble;, with whom hs has flirted in bygono ' osyii Ho isbaunted slso by'a, certain bibulous acquaintance, Aubrey Fitsiohu, and to got rid of all his troubles he takei flight in a ball6bo| ahd Is supposed to ' have beoo lost si sea.' Of coarse h comes book, sees as he thinks; the ghost of ths woman lie thought hs bad killed, and has no end of comie troubles before the affair is cleared up, and . the ttnJuoky doctor free to espouse his. lady love. . Mr Auson will play Aubrey Fltsjohn and Mrs Brongb will appear aa Mrs Rippen- dole. w . : W - ' : -The Sheridan season begin oo Satnrdsy, 16th Angust, nnd great .' prvpamtions are " Mftgmaae togire.the WldowO'Brien sveqr Mrail ftddrnmast. : 4hia . mask. ' aaitiBA . ondiesoo oould desire. The new last ncti to take place hy moonlight on the illuminated deck of the Bristol is expected to be a great success, and variety performers gatoro are engaged to add to the fun. This will be Hhcritlan'e lost appcaranco in Melbourne. Ho is off to India at the end of his Opera lloaao term, which is hut a short one. Tito GUhcrt and Sullivan quarrel is thus summed np by a London paper Alack 1 alas I ah, well- a-dsy 1 What's thi has happened at the play? Sir A. with G. will have oo say, And all about acarpet I For yeara they've sought togetherfarap, And wraith, that's much about the Mine, And nuw they're breathing fire and flame, And atJ about a carpet t Vet has the public right to tp«ak. For on their heads yuu'd vengeance wreak, Their fun you'll stop in thi rash freak, And «n about a carpet t And those who've workrd for yon so toog, And given life to Jnt and song, Why punish those who've dune no wrong, And aU a boot a carpet ! Come, all your angry thcuebt disperse, Agree in harmony and vecap. Your quarrel in a bowl Immerse, And burn tbe blessed carpet I Next Saturday, at Adelaide, tbe Royal Opera Company open a season of one month, beginning in tno Yeoman of the Guard, which will bo seen for the first time in South Australia. Frank Thornton's season, which ends on Friday night with Mamma, has tiocn highly successful. On Saturday ho dcpJirtafor Broken lHll.andnftcrafcwnigbta' Sirformanco there goes to England by tho rotava. Ifarmston's Circus is still doing exceedingly well nnd Dick Tnrpln rakes In the money ot tho lieges with extreme sue- At tho conclusion of Mr Frank Thornton's Adelaide scasou, Mr G. P. Carey sails for America, whero he will appear in a new play specially written for him hy Mr Charles Bradley of this cltr, who has recently hod a piece accepted at tho Comedy Theatre, Lon don, and lias another, it isunderatood, under the consideration of tho management of tho Theatre Royal. Frank Mayo announces that he is coming to Australia next year with a new play with which ho expects to mako a fortune. Mr Mayo has long been famous in America as the impeinonator of the typical hunter and backwoods man of tho Path- finder speeieM. He has travelled for a con siderable time with n popular piece oalled Davy Crockett, built on these lines, In which hio fine manly stylo of acting is shown to great advautacc. Mr Kolly, formerly of tlio Kelly and Leon Company, has agreed to produce, in Sydney, at nn early duto, a new American pieco, called May Blossom, of which tho Australian siuiits were secured by M. S. Hill. Tho New'. York Actors' Fund; In r eight years, lias expended for burials and for tho relief ot the sick, 116,413- dollars, or Li'3,2tf2 12s Gd, Tim total receipts for that timo amounted to 2u6,Gf)2 dollars (t/11,338 Hs). Tho assets are 7«r>,000 dollars (LIS, 000) and tho membership numbers 1108. A good gag has licon introduced In an Amcricau comedy where two actors aro soon in n sculpture gallery. One of t hem makes an apron for tue Venus di Medici of his handkerchief. The other, more delicate still, throws bis own ImndkcrcMof over his cyce. Charles Arnold's first Reason aa a stir in America In Hans tho Boatman was a finan cial failure. His contract with Simmons and Brown, his managers, was for three years, nnd they mutually agreed to cancel it. Ho gore for a year to Eugland, Aus tralia ana tiie Orient. Tho London Gaiety Company havo done exceedingly well in Faust up to Date at tho Baldwin Theatre in San Francisco. Tho local journals declare tho military march in tho second net tho most beautiful ntngo Eicturo it is possible to conceive, aud speak iglilv of tho tuneful, catchy music. Tho pas do quutro is as popular as it was in London. Mr David Cliristio Murray announces In tho New Zealand Press bin intention to adopt tho stage as a profession. Ho had do- sired to do this in early life, but was dis suaded hy Mr Mercer Simpson, of thn Birmingham Theatre. But on tho 8th of July, when Mr St. Maur and Mr Murray arrived at Duncdtn, there was no appoar- nnco of Mr Kennedy, who was down to play Baron Hartfclt in Jim tho Penman, and there nccmcd to bo nothing to do but to close tho tlicntre,and loso tho season. Mr Murray, howevoi , undertook to play tho part, rccolvcd It at 1 1 nt night on the 8tfi ; studied it until 3 in tho morning; rehearsed it sill, and played at uight. . Ha had novcr before assumed any character whatovcr, but did remarkably well. Ho now means to familiarise himself with tho ntogo, write plays and create tho character parts in them. Considering that Mr Murray in turned forty four, nttil looks old for that age, ho must ho credited both with ability and adaptability, to nay nettling of any amount of pluck. Ho ban since played thu Rov. Bamnbtts Goodcvo in thu Candidate with considerable success. Dcspito his marital troubles, J. R.Kmmett has cleared L13,000 during tho season. When poor Johnny Hall died in the Mel bourne Hospital his brother actors, who would have helped him boforo had anyone known ho needed aspLslanco, contrived to bury him decently in tho Melbourne cemo- tery iu a crave closo to that of Ute late John Dunn. Mr G. W. Aoson, of the Bijou Theatre, who was the chief Snmoritan on tho occasion, now comes forward with tho vory modorato ami seasonable petition that a littlo help shall bo given by tlio publio, to whom ho devoted his talents, for a grave stone to mark the spot where his body reposes. Mr Anson and his brotitcr actors have put together LIS of tho sum, and an other L20 is required to oompleto it . Thero surely must bo many ml- mirars of tho late artist who will gladly help to pornotunto his memory in this modest fashion, lio was a great favorite Itoth as on actor nnd an a manager, and many of his creations, notably his Captain Ginger in Our Gtrls, are still household words among play go© re. Wo all owe many of our brightest hoius to tho stage, to which wo resort with enjoyment at all times - of our lives, from the moment when wo jump with joy to find wo are to be takon to the pantomime, to that at which wo catch a olimpio of thu happiness of our own child hood, when wo take ourgrondchildrontotho same cntcrtalumeut. Even the guilty crcatnics sitting at a play, for the time for got tlio fear of uetootiouand tlio tortures of remorse, and feel onco mora somo thrill of Innocoftt amusomont. Therefore, tothoso whoso familiar voioes charm onr cares away, whoso faces are as those of old friends, a littlo help in timo of trouble U duo nnd n littlo recognition, when thoy havo passed away, of tno good work thoy did in their lives, will do nono of usauy harm. Tlio playgoer who sends a lew uhilliugsor a pound to Mr G." W, Anson, at tho Bijou Theatre in aid of the Hall Memorial will be but pay ing an old debt; and Bhould bo glad of tho chanoo. Charjio Taylor writes to say that Tho Taylor- Carrinaton Troupo are doing vory weir in the North-eastern district. They played Rip Von Winkle lost week In Beoch- worth and Benalts, and this weok they are In Nuraurkah and Hhepparton. Moccabe is doing good business m tbo Goulbarn Valley. Tho Hollo concerts open to-morrow even ing at the Town HaU. Miss Frances Ssville is to bo tho vocalist, and both SirCharlesaml Lady Halle will appear in tholr choicest sclootions. There are but six coneorto, , which terminate on Saturday night next week,. whoa these famous artists leave for Adelaide! wheuce they sail for England eu 20th May. j In Sydney Fan! Jones is repeating tho success it had in Molhonrne. Miss Jsnet Achurch has hnd ttio novel sensation' of contlnuatly crowded houses at tho Criterion Theatre, In the Doll's Houss for which she has luconssfully substituted Frou Frou, and Miss M&gglo; Moore is doing phenomenal business aa Mcg.atHerMajosty's Theatre. The Hsllo-Ntruda concerts closed on Monday. The Rov. Charles Clark winds np his season at the School of Arts to morrow, and on Saturday wlU bo sneosedod > In that building by Mr Hsny Hlekards. ' : My f ydnetr correspondent writes -—Ths , J chief event Saturday night was .the prpdo tion of Frou Frou at the Criterion and though It rained almost Inccsssntlytberowas a full -circle of fashionable first nighters. Except that tbo piece might bo cut a littlo with advantage, the representation i.i very nearly perfection. In tho titlo role Mlm Achurch pourtrayed tho varyiug moods of tho giddy and uufortnnoto Gilbert oa only a talented actress could ; while in tho oarly Rceara alio dressed beautifully and looked charming. Her greatest success was in the light comedy parts, which her exceptional cane and naturalness curried through splendidly. In the tragio scone at tbo end of tho fourth act and tho death scene at the closo sho instinctively called to mind that great Australian favorito artiste, Miss Geneviovo Ward. Tithcradco is a very good Sartorys, o&d; Herbert Flcmmiog anil Miss Enson give excellent support us Valreas and Louiso. Hiscook'n Variety Companynt the Gaiety havo dono wcfl in Irish Aristocracy, and to-night put on A Cup of Tea and the foiled Mashers. Tho otner shows arogolng along all right. A new nrrlvol from London, Slgnor Gurma. has bcon showing at the Bond! Aquarium. Ho gives wonderful Imitations of over a score of English sang birds, and will bo seen in Melbourne shortly.-— Tho Sportsman. 