STAND FAST, CRAIG- ROYSTUJSM BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Princess of Thule," " Sabina Zembra " " The New Prinoe Fortunatus," &e.; CHAPTER XXin. A (SPLIT AT I.AST. The renovation of Musselburgh House took more time than had been hoped; bride and bridegroom remained abroad, basking in the sweet airs and sunlight of the Mediterranean spring; and it was not until well on in the month of May that they returned to London. Immediately after their arrival Vinoent called on them—one afternoon on hi6 way down to St. Stephen's.- He stayed only for a few minutes, and had little to say. But the moment he had left Lady Musselburgh turned to her husband. "Oh, Hubert, isn't it dreadful? Did you ever see such a change in any human being? And no one to tell us of it—not even his own father—nor a word from Loiue Drexel, though she wrote often enough about him aud what he was doing in the House" *'Yes, he does look ill," said Musselburgh, with a seriousness apt usual jrith him. " Very ill indeed. Yet he doesn't seem to know it— declares there is nothing wrong with him— shows a little impatience, even, when you begin to ask questions. I suppose he has t>een working toohard; too eager and anxious all the way round; too .ambitious—not like most young, men.. He'd better give up that newspaper nonsense for one thing." " Oh, it isn't that, Hubert; it isn't that!" she exclaimed, in rather piteous accents; and she walked away to the window (this was the very room in which Vincent had first set eyes on Maisrie Bethune and her grandfather). She stood there alone for a time. Then her husband -went and joined, her, and linked his arm within hers. She was crying a little. *' I did it for the best, Hubert, she sobbed. " Did what for the best " Getting that girl away. I never thought it would come to this." "Now, now, Madge," said he in a very affectionate fashion, " don't you worry about nothing—or rather, it isn't nothing, for Vin does look pretty seedy ; but you musn't assume that you are in any way responsible. People don't die nowadays of separation and a broken, heart—not nowadays. He is fagged; he is' not used to the late hours of the House of Commons; theu there's that newspaper work"- But his manner, Hubert, his manner !" she exclaimed. " He seemed as if he no longer cared for.anything..in life; he hardly listened when I told him where we had been ; he appeared to me to be thinking of something quite different — as if he were looking at ghosts." "And perhaps he was looking at ghosts," said her husband. " For it was by that table there he iirst saw those two people who have made all this trouble. But why should you consider yourself responsible, -Madge ? It wasn't your money that sent them out of the country. It wasn't you who found out what they really were. She passed her handkerchief across her eyes. " I was quite sure," she went on—not heeding this consolation—" that as soon as she was got away—as soon as he was removed from the fascination of her actual presence—he would begin to see things in their true light. And then, thrown into the society of a charming and clever girl lite Louie Drexel, I hoped everything for him. And. is this all that has ccme fo it, that he looks as if he were at death's door? It {isn't the House of Commons, Hubert; and it isn't the newspaper work. It is simply that he still believes in that girl, and that he is eating his heart out about her absence, and has no one to confide in. For that is the worst of it all; it is all a sealed book now, as between him and us. He was for leaving my house in Brighton—oh, the rage he was in •withme about her; and it would have been for the last time, too, I know, only that I promised never again to mention the subject to him, and on that condition we have got on .fairly well since. .But how am I to keep silence any longer? :I!cannot see my boy like that. I must speak to him; I must ask him if he is still so mad as to believe in the honesty of. those two people; and then, if I find that his inflation still agists, even after all this time, then .1 must.simply tell him that they took money to go away. How can he get over that? How can he get over that, Hubert? . In her despair this was almost challenge as •well as an appeal. But her husband was doubtful. "When a young man is in love with a woman," said he, " he can forgive a good lot— confound it, he can forgive everything, or nearly everything, so long as she can persuade him she loves him in return ' " But not this, Hubert, not this !" the youn^ wife exclaimed. " Even if he could forgive her being a thief and the accomplice of an old charlatan and swindler—and what an ' if !' imagine that of Vincent—of Vincent, who is as proud as lucifer—imagine that of him !—but even if we could „get him to regard those two with the eyes of common sense-and common experience, and evenif he were willing to forgive all that, how could he forgive her being bought over, her taking money to remain away from him "i Jso, no, Hubert, surely there is a limit, even to a young man's folly !" "Of course you know best," her husband said, in a dubious kind of way. "I've seen some queer things in my time with young men. And Vin is an obstinate devd, and tenacious; he sticks to anything he takes up; look at him and that wretched newspaper work, for example. If lie has persuaded himself of the innocence and honour of tills girl it may be hard to move him. And I remember there was something very winning and attractive about her—something that bespoke favour." "That was what mads her -so useful to that old impostor!" Lady Musselburgh said, vindictively. " Of course," he admitted, " as you say, here s the undoubted fact of their taking the money. If Vin is to be convinced at aU, it is possible that may convince him." "Very well, then.", said she, with decision, ii-.-': i shall be convinced, and that no man to- morrow .morning. I'll tell Harland I'm coming along to lunch; so that he may be in the house to give me any papers I may want. And surely, surely, when Vincent perceives what these people are, and what an escape he has had, he will cease to mope and fret. At his tune of life there ought to be other things to think of than a girl who has deceived him all the way through and ended by taking money to leave the country." But notwithstanding all this brave confidence Lady Musselburgh felt very nervous and anxious as she went down next morning to Grosvenor Place. She was alone; her husband was coming along later for lunch, and she went on foot, to give her a little more time to arrange her plan of procedure. For this wa» her last bolt and she knew it. If his fatal obstinacy withstood this final assault, then there was no hope for him, or for her far-reaching schemes with regard to him. She went into the drawing-room, and he came as soon as he was sent for. These two were now alone-! "Do you know, Vin," she began at once, "Hubert and I have been much concerned about you: for though you won't admit there is anything the matter, the change in your appearance struck us yesterday the moment you came in; indeed, it made me quite anxious, and after you were gone Hubert and I talked a little about you and your affairs—you maybe sure with only the one wish in our minds. Hubert thinks you are over-fagged; that you are too close in your attendance at the House; and that you should give up your newspaperwriting for a time. I wish it were no more than that. But I suspect there is something else" " Aunt," said he, interrupting her—and yet with something^ of a tired air, "do you think there is any use in talking, and enquiring, and suggesting? What has happened, has happened. It is something you don't understand; and some-thing you couldn't put right, with all your good wishes." " Yes, yes," she said, eagerly, for she was rejoiced to find that he took her interference so amiably; "that is quite right, and mind you I don't forget the agreement we came to at Brighton, that a certain subject should never be referred to by either of us. I quite remember that; and you know I have never sought to return to it again in any •way whatever. But your looks yesterday, Vin, frightened me: and at this moment, why you are not like my dear boy at all. I wish in all seriousness you had come over to Paris with us —you and Louie—and gone with us to the Mediterranean; we should not have allowed you to fall into this condition." "Oh, I'm well enough, Aunt," said he. "You are not well!" she insisted. "And why ? Because your mind is ill at ease" " And very little comfort I have to hope for from you," said he, remembering former conversations ; But there was no bitternees in his tone, onl3».a sort of resigned hopelessness. " jfow, that is not fair, Vin!" she protested. "If I said things to you yora did not like, what motive had 1 but your happiness ? And now at this moment, if I reopen that subject, if I ask you to be allowed.to reopen that subject, it is not the kind of comfort you apparently hope for that I am prepared to bring you, but something quite different. I should like to heal your mental ailment, once and for all, by convincing you of the truth." " Yes, I think we have heard something of that sort on previous occasions," he said, rather scornfully. "The truth as it is in George Morris ! Well, I will tell you what would be more useful, more to the paint, and more becoming. Before saying anything further about that old man and his granddaughter, I think you ought to go and seek them out, and down on your ktn-:-s to tl."-ni, an-i ?.«k their i-nrdon" ' For what?" For what you have already said c£ them— and suspected." " Really you try my patience too much 1"' she exclaimed, with some show of temper. " What have 1 said or suspected of them that was not amply justified by the account of them, that your father offered to show you? Of course you wouldn't look at it. Certainly not! Facts are inconvenient things, most uncomfortable things, where one's prepossessions are involved. But /had no objection to looking at it" " I suppose not!" said he. "And my eyes were not blinded. I could accept evidence when it was put before me." "lividence !" he repeated, " You forget that I have been across the Atlantic since that precious document was compiled. I heard how that evidence, had been got; I could see how it could be perverted to suit the malignant theories of a pack of detectives. And if. I came back with any settled conTiction, it was that you and one or two others—myself, too, in a way—could do no better than, go and humble ourselves before -that-did man and that girl, and beg for their forgiveness and their forgetfulness of the -wrongs and insults WB have put upon them." "Oh, this is beyond anything.!" she cried— rather losing command of herself.' " You drive me to,speak plain. Everything your father and I could think of was tried to cure you of this mad infatuation—the most patient enquiry— i expenditure of money—representations that j would have -convinced any sane person. No- ! thing was of any use. What was to be done next? Well, we oould only buy .up those honourable persons—who were not adventurers in any kind of way—oh, certainly not!—but all the same they were-willing to be-bought; and so, on payment of a substantial consideration, they agreed to pack up their traps and be off. What do you think of that? What do you say to that? Where was the old gentleman's.indomitable pride?—where was the girl's pretended affection for you?—when they consented to take a good round sum of money and be off ? . How can you explain that away ?" She regarded him with a certain defiance—for she was moved to anger by his obduracy. But if she expected him to wince under this sudden stab she was mistaken. " How do I know that this is true?" he said, calmly. " I am not in the habit of speaking untruths," she said, slightly --drawing herself up. " Oh, of course not," he answered. " But all through .this matter there has been a good deal of twisting about and misrepresentation. I should like to know from whom Mr. Bethune got .this money—and in what form." Well, she was prepared. "I suppose you would be convinced," said she, "if I showed you the receipt—a receipt for £5,000,. -which he signed and gave to George Morris?" "Where is that receipt ?".he asked. ."In this house. I will go to your father, and get it. Shall I ask nim at the same time for those other documents which you would not read? .Perhaps all taken together they might enable you to realize the truth at last." " No, thank you," said he, coldly. -".I know how those other documents were procured. I shall be glad to see the receipt." She- hurried away, .anxious to strike while the iron was hot, and certain she had already made a profound impression. And so she had, in one way, all unknowing. When she left the room, he remained standing, gazing, blankly at the sides of the books on the table outwardly impassive, but with his brain working rapidly enough. He made no manner of doubt that she could produce this receipt. He took it for granted that George Bethune had accepted the . money. Of course Maisrie had nothing to'do with it; her grandfather kept her in ignorance of his pecuniary affairs; and it would be enough for him to say that she must go. away with him from England— she was obedient in all things. And no doubt the old mau had been cajoled and flattered into believing he was acting justly and in the best interests of every one concerned; there could have been little difficulty about that. He himself was quick to persuade himself of anything that. happened to fall in with the needs of the moment. All this Vinoent understood at once. But when he came to consider that it was his own relatives who had brought upon him all the.long torture and suffering of these by-gone months—and not only that—for what was he or . his hidden pain ?—but also that they had-driven forth those two tired wanderers once more—the old man who had some wistful notion of ending his days in his own country, the young girl whose maiden eyes lhad just .made confession of her lovesecrets—then his heat grew hot within him. It was too cruel. When Lady Musselburgh returned with the.receipt in.her hand, he took the jiaper and merely glanced at it. " And whose clever and original idea was this V" he demanded—with what she took to be indifference. "But Vincent—are you convinced at last?" she exclaimed. "Surely you must see for yourself now. You will give up thinking of • them—thinking of that girl especially when you see what she is" "Whose idea was it to get them sent away?" he repeated. " Well, it was my idea," she said, " but your father paid the money." He was silent for a second or two, and then he said slowly, " And [you are my nearest relatives; and this is what you have done, not. to me only, but to one who is dearer to me than life. So be it. But you cannot expect .me to remain longer under this roof, or to sit down at table anywhere with my cruellest enemies." She turned very pale. I " Vincent!"'she exclaimed. " It is a question of taking sides," he went on, •with perfect composure; "ana I go over to the other side. They most need help; they are poor and friendless. I hope the mischief you have done is not .irreparable; I cannot tell; but I dare say when you and I meet again time will have shown." She was thunderstruck and stupitied; she did not even seek to detain hiin as he left the room. For there was a curious air of selfpossession, of resolution, about his manner; this was no pique of disappointed passion nor any freak of temper. And she oould not but ask herself, in a breathless sort of way, whether, after all he might .not be in the right about those people; and, in that case, what was this that she had brought about? She was frightened—too frightened to reason with herself, perhaps; she only saw Vincent leaving his father's.roof—cutting himself off from his own family—and she had a dumb consciousness that it was her work, through some fatal error of judgment. And she seemed to know instinctively that this step that he had taken was irrevocable—and that she -was in some dim way responsible for all that had occurred. When Lord Musselburgh arrived, he and Harland Harris came upstairs together; and almost directly afterwards luncheon was announced. As they were about to go down to the diningroom the great Communist-capitalist looked round with a little air of impatience and said— " But where is Vin ?" "He was here a^hort time ago," said Lady Musselburgh : she dared not say more. JSIr. (Harris, from below, sent a message to his son's room : the answer—which Lady Musselburgh heard in silence—was that they were not to wait luncheon for him. "Too busy with his reply to the Mirror,'' Musselburgh suggested. "Sharp cuts and thrusts going. 1 wonder that celestial minds should grow so acrid over such a subject as the nationalization of tithe." "Newspaper controversy," remarked Mr. Harris, in his sententious and grandiloquent manner, " is an excellent method of thrashing out any subject; but newspaper controvert with an editor, if you wish to get the best of the argument, is folly. It is not only fighting with a phantom; it is fighting with a phantom who prints what he says in large type, and sends you into the outer sheet." There was some scuffle on-the stairs outside, to which nobody (except Lady Musselburgh, whose ears were painfully on the alert) paid any attention ; but when a hansom was called up to the front door, Harland Harris happened to look out. " What, is he going off- somewnere ? I never knew any creature so careless about his meals. I presume his indifference means a good digestion. " "Oh, Vin's digestion is all right," Musselburh said. " I hear he dines every night at the House of Commons—and yet he is alive "But there are his portmanteaus Mr. Hairis exclaimed; <tnd he even rose and went to the window for a second. Well, he was just in time to see Vincent step into the cab and drive off; and therewith he returned to his place at table, and proceeded in his usual bland and somewhat patronising manner to tell Lord Musselburgh of certain experiments he was having made in copper-lustre. He was not in the least concerned about that departing cab, nor did he know that that was the last glimpse of his son he was to have for many and many a .day. And meanwhile Lady Musselburgh sate there frightened, and guilty, and silent. And that without reason; for what she had done she had done with the full concurrence and approval of her brother-in-law and her liancie (as he then was). Yet somehow she seemed to feel herself entirely answerable for ail that had happened—for the failure of all htr schemes—for the catastrophe that had resulted. And the moment she got outside her brotherin-law's house she began and confessed the whole truth to her husband. "But why didn't you tell Harris?" -said lie. pausing as if even now he would go back. "Oh. I couldn't, Hubert; I daren't!" she said, evidently in great distress. I was so confident everything would come right—I advised him — I persuaded him to piy the £.1,000 " ' "Oh. nonsense!"' was the impatient reply. A limn doesn't hand over £Ti.000 unless he is i.-onvinced that it is worth while. And he got what he bargained for. Those people have gone away; tbey don't interfere any more " "Ah, but -that is not aU," Lady Musselburgh put in rather sadly. " I made so sure that Vin would forget—that as soon as the hallucination had worn off a little he would see what those people really were, .and turn his eyes elsewhere; yet apparently he believes in. their honesty more timnly than ever —talks of my going and asking their pardon—and the like ; and sow he has wholly broken away from us—declares he will never be under the same roof with us or sit down at the same bible with us. He has gone over to the other side, he says, because they are poor and friendless. Poor and friendless she repeated, with a- enap of anger—" living on the fat of the land through their thieving! And yefr " And here attain "she -paused, as if -recalling - something to herself: " l)o you know; Hubert, I was startled and frightened by Vin'e manner to-day ; for I bad suddenly to ask myself whether after aJlit was possible he might be in the right, andwealtogether wrong. In all other ihings he shows himself so clearheaded and able and shrewd ; and then he has seen the world; you would not take him to be one who coiild be easily deceived. Sometimes I hardly know what to think. But, at all events, this is what you must do now, Hubert: you must get hold of him, and persuade him to go back home before Harland knows anything of- what had been, intended. He can invent some excuse, about :the portmanteaus. You can go down to .the house to-night, and see him there: and if you : persuade him to return to Grosvenor-place, that will be so much of the mischief set straight. That is the first thing to be done; but afterwards " It was quite clear that she knew not what to thiiik, for she went on again, almost as if talking to herself—_ "Of course, if the girl were a -perfectly good and honest girl, and. above fiusoieion of every kind, Vin's constancy and devotion to her -would be a very fine and noble thing; and I for one .should be proud of him for it. But as things are it is a monomania—nothing else than a monomania! • He. must -see that she is in league with that old man to get money on false pretences." "He sees nothing of the kind,"said her husband bluntly. " She may or she may not be; I know little or nothing about her; but if she is, Vin doesn't see it; you may make up your mind about that" " And yet he seems sharp-sighted in other things," said Lady Musselburgh in a pensive sort of way; and then she added:—" However, the first step to -be taken is to get him back to his own family; and none can do that so well as you, Hubert; you are _ his old friend; and you stand between us, as it were. And there's one thing abont Vin ; he can't disappear out of the way; you can always get hold of him—at the House of Commons." Lord Musselburgh bad not been long married ; he did as, he was bid. And very eagerly did Vincent welcome his ambassador, when he encountered him in the Lobby. " Come out on to the terrace. I was just going to w-rite to you ; I want you to do me the greatest service you can imagine!" " Here I am, ready to do anybody any number of services," said Musselburgh, as they proceeded to stroll .up and down this dark space, with the wide river flowing silently by, and the innumerable small -beads of gold showing where London lay in the dusk. " Only too happy. And I am in the b&t; position for being mediator, for I have nothing to gain from either side—except, of course, that I should be extremely sorry to see you . quarrelling .with your relations. That is always a mistake, Vin, my. boy; bad for you, bad for them. And:! hope.you will let me go back with the important part of zny commission dore—that is to say, I was to persuade you to return to Grosvenor Place, just as if nothing , had happened. My wife is awfully upset about it—thinks it is entirely owing to her; whereas I don't sc-e that it is at all. She has been trying to do her best for everybody—for your father as well as for yourself. And the notion that you should cut yourself off from your family naturally seems very dreadful to her, and if I can take her the assurance that.yon don't mean anything of the kind—very well " Oh, but look here Musselburgh," said Vincent, "you entirely mistake. It was not about that I wished to-see you—not at all—on that point it is useless saying anything. You must assure Lady Musselburgh that this is no piece of temper on my part—nothing :to be smoothed over and hushed up. I have seen all along that it was inevitable. From the moment thab i my aunt and my father took up that position against—against Maisrie Bethune and her grandfather—I foresaw that sooner or later this.must come. I have tried to reason with them; I have assured them that their suspicions and their definite charges were as cruel as they were false; and all to no purpose. And this last thing, this bribing of an old man, who can be too easily persuaded, to take his granddaughter away with him and subject her to the homeless life she had led j for so many years—perhaps there are some other ! considerations I need not mention—this is too j much. But I knew that sooner or later a severance would come between them and me; and I | am not unprepared. You wondered atmy drudging away at that newspaper work, when my ; father was allowing me a handsome income. ; Now -do you see the use of it? I am independent. * I can do as I please. I can't make ! : a fortune; but I can earn enough to live—and i something>more. Let them go their way, as I j go mine; it has not been all my doing." ; Lord Musselburgh was disconcerted ; but he : was a dutiful husband; he went on to argue. , He found he might as well attempt to argue with a milestone. Nothing could shake this ' young man's determination. • " I told Lady Musselburgh I had gone over to the other side, this time for good," said he. "We are in opposite camps now. We have been so all along—but not openly. This piece of treachery has been too much for me; we are better apart; I could not sit down at table with. people who had acted like that—whatever their motives were. But you, Musselburgh, you were not concerned in .that wretched piece of scheming; and, as I tell you, you can do me the greatest possible service. Will you do it ? Or will you rather cast in ycur lot with them?" : "Oh, well," said Musselburgh, rather disappointedly, " I -don't see why I should be compelled to take sides. I want to do my best for everybody concerned. I've just come into the family, as you .might say; and it seems a ity there should be any quarrel or break up. f had a kind of notion that we should all of us —but particularly my wife and myself and you and—and—your wife—I thought our little party of four might have a very pleasant time together, both at home and abroad. My wife and I have often talked of it, and amused ourselves with sketching out plans. Seems such a • pity " j " Yes," said Vincent, abruptly, "but there . are other things in life than going to Monte ' Carlo and staking of. pieces." " What is this that you want me to do?' his friend asked next—seeing that those inducements did not avail. " Well," said Vincent, " I suppose you know that Lady Musselburgh showed me this morning the receipt Mr. Bethune gave George Morris for the £5,000. It was a simple receipt —nothing more. But everybody knows George Slorris is not the man to part with money unconditionally ; there must have been arrangements and pledges ; and I want to discover what Mr. Bethune undertook to do, where .he undertook to go. Morris won't tell me, that is certain enough, but he would probably tell you." Lord Musselburgh hesitated. " Why," said he, " you know why that money was paid. It was paid for the express purpose of getting them away—so that you should not know where they are " "Precisely so," said Vincent. "And you •would therefore be undoing a part of the wrong that has been done them, by your wife and my father." " Oh, I don't call it doing a wrong to a man to give him £5,000," said Musselburgh, with a touch of resentment. " He needn't have taken the money unless he liked." "Do you knOw what representations were made to" him to induce him to take it ?" Vincent said. "Well, 1 don't," was the reply. "They settled all that- amongst themselves; and I was merely made acquainted with the results. It would hardly have been my place to interfere, you see : it ivas before my marriage, remember; in any case, I don't Jaiow that I should have wanted to have any say in the matter. However, the actual outcome we all of us know; and you must confess, Vin, whatever persuasions were used, it looks a rather shady transaction." "Yes—on the part of those who induced him to accept the bribe !" Vincent said, boldly. "(ih, come, come," Lord Musselburgh interposed, rather testily. " don't be so bigoted. It isn't only your considering that girl to be everything that is fine and wonderful—I can understand that—the glamour of love can do anything; but you go too far in professing the greatest admiration and respect for this old man. Leave us some chance of agreeing with you, of believing you sane. For you can't deny that he took the money; there is the plain and simple fact staring you in the face. More than that, his taking it was the justification of those who offered it; it proved to them that he was not the kind of person with ivlioin you should be connected by marriage. I say nothing about the young lady ; 1 don'l know her ; }>erhaps her association all these years with tnis old—well, I won't call him names — has not affected her in any way; perhaps the believes in him as implicity as you appear t > do. But as for him; well, take any unprejudiced outsider, like myself: what am 1 tn think when I find hi;u accepting this nion"y from strangers?"' said Viii':ent, a little .alisently, "1 suppose, to an outsider, thai; would lock had. But it is because you don't kww him, Mu«r-!- bargh : or the story of his life; or his circum- stances. I confess that at one time there were things .that disquieted me; I rather shut my eyes to -them ; but now that I understand what this man is, and what he has gone through, and how he bears himself, it isn't only pity I feel for him; it is respect, and .more than respect. But it's a long story ; aud it-would have to be told to sympathetic ears ; it would be little use telling it to my father or to my aunt—they have the detectives' version before them—they have the detectives' reading of the case." "Well, tell, me, at least," said hie friend. "I want to get at the truth. I have so prejudice or prepossession one way or the other. .For another thing I like to hear the best of everybody—and to believe it, if I oan; it. makes life pleasanter; and I can't forget, either, that it was through me you got to know George Bethune." It was a long story, as -Vinoent hod eaid; and it was a difficult one to-set in order And in a proper light; but it was chiefly based on whathad been told him by the. Toronto banker; and Mr. Thompson's generous interpretation of it ran through it alL Lord Musselburgh listened with the greatest interest and attention. What seemed mostly to strike him was the banker's phrase—"Call George Bethune an impostor if you like; but the man he has imposed on all his life through has teen— George Bethune." "Well, it's all very extraordinary, "he said, when Vincent had finished. " I wish I had taken .the trouble to beoome a little better acquainted with them ; one is so apt to judge by .the outside; I thought he was merely a picturesque old fellow with a mad enthusiasm about Scotland. And yet. I don't know what to. say even now. All that you have told me soundB very plausible and possible, if you take that way of looking at it; and the whole thing eeems so pitiable, especially for the girl; he has his delusions and self-confidence—she has only her loneliness. . But. at the same time; Vin, you. must admit that, these little weak- . nesses of his might easily be misconstrued "Certainly," said Vincent, with promptitude, "it is just as Mr. Thompson said—if you choose .to look at George Bethune through blue spectacles, his way of life must appear very doubtful; if you choose to look at him through pink spectacles, there is something almost heroic _ about. him. And I think, Musselburgh, if you knew the lion-hearted man a little better, you wouldn't shrink from acknowledging that there was something fine and. even grand in his character. As for Maisrie-^as for Miss Bethune—she asks for no generous consideration, or forbearance, or anything of that kind; she asks for no leniency of judgment, and needs.none; she is beyond and above all that. I know her—none better than I; and she has only, to remain what she is—' daas Gott sie erhalte, so schon und rein und hold !"' There was a break in his voice as he spoke. Lord Musselburgh was silent for a moment or two—he felt like an intruder upon something too sacred. And yet he had his mission; so presently he forced himself to resume "Well, after all, Vin, I think you must 1 grant.there..is something.to be said for your relatives, even if they had been mistaken. 1 hey could not know all that you know—all that you learned in Canada _ besides; they could only judge from the outside; they could only believe what they heard " "Why did they interfere at all?" Vincent demanded, in his turn. " Why had they Mr. Bethune's steps dogged by detectives !" ''You should be tne last to protest. It was entirely for your sake that it was done." " Yes," said Vincent, with a certain scorn. "It was for my sake they were so ready to suspect—it was for. my sake they were so eager to regard everything from ihe attorney's point of view! They would not take my word for anything; they would rather, trust to their private enquiiy offices. I was supposed to be so easily blinded; the swindlers had such a willingdupe; no reliance was to be placed but on the testimony of spies. What childish rubbish 2 Why, I introduced. my aunt to Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter; she could not find a word to say against them—but her suspicions remained aU the same ! And _ then apparently she went and consulted with my father. It was so dreadful that I was being cheated by those two dangerous characters! Couldn't the lawyers and their private enquiry agents—couldn't they make out some story that would appal me? Couldn't they make up some bogey—straw, and an old coal—that would terrify me out of my wits ? .And then when I wasn't appalled by their idle trash of stories—oh, for goodness sake, get those desperate creatures smuggled away out of the country! No safety unless they were hidden away somewhere. And then they went to the old man; -and I can imagine how they persuaded him. The greatest kindness to. every one concerned if only he would fall in with their views; he would save his granddaughter from entering a family who had mistaken, but undoubted, prejudices against her; and of course they couldn't allow him to put himself so much about without endeavouring to pay part of the cost. It was so solatium to the young lady—oh, no. certainly not!— probably she was destined for much higher things; and it was no gift to himself; it was merely that the relatives of that hot-headed young man were desirous .of pleasing themselves by showing how much they appreciated his, Mr. Bethune's, generosity in making this little sacrifice. WSl, thfiy succeeded; but they little knew—and they little know—what they have done!" Perhaps there was something in the proud and withal disdainful tones of the young man's voice that was quite as convincing as his words; at all events, -his friend said— " Well, I sympathise with you, Vin, I do really. But you see how I am situated. I ani an emissary—an intermediary—I want peace " It is no use saying peace where there is no peace," Vincent broke in. " Nor need there be war. Silence is best. Let what has been done go : it cannot.be undone now." "Vincent—if you would only think how fond your aunt is of you—if you would think of her distress " " It was she who ought to have considered first," was the rejoinder. "Do you imagine I have suffered nothing, beforelwent to America, and then, and since? But that is of little account. I could forgive whatever has happened to myEelf. It is when I think of some one else—sent adrift upon the world again— but it is better not to talk !" " Well, yes," persisted Lord Musselburgh who was in a sad quandary, for the passionate indignation of this young man seemed so much stronger than any persuasive argument that could he brought against it, '^1 can perfectly understand how you may consider yours. If wronged and injured—and how much n ore you feel what you consider wrong and i. jury done to others; but you ought to be a liitle generous, and take motives into account. Supposing your father and your aunt were mistaken in acting as they did, it was not through any selfishness on their part. It was for your welfare, as they thought. Surely you must grant that to them." " I will grant anything to them in the way of justification," said Vincent, "if they will only take the first step to make atonement for the mischief they have wrought. And that they can do through you. They can tell you on what conditions Mr. Bethune was persuaded to take the money ; so that I may go to him, and bring him back—and her." " But probably they don't know where he is !" his friend exclaimed in. perfect honesty. " My impression was that Mr. Bethune agreed to leave this country for a certain time ; but of course no one would think of banishing him to any particular spot." And so they themselves don't know where Mr. Bethune has gone ?" said Vincent, slowly. " I believe not. I am almost certain they don't. But I will make enquiries, if you like. In the meantime," 6aid Musselburgh, returning to his original prayer, " do consider, Vin, and be reasonable, and go back to your father's house to-night. Don't make a split in the family. Give them credit for wishing you well. Let me take that message from you to my wife—that you will go home to Grosvenorplace to-night." " Oh, no," said Vincent, with an air of quiet resolve. "No, no. This is no quarrel. This is no piece of temper. It is far more serious than that; and, sus I say, I have seen all along that it was inevitable. After what I have told you, you must recognise for yourself what the situation is. I hrve spoken to you very freely and frankly because I Imow you wish to be friendly, and because I think you want to see the whole case clearly and honestly. But how could I talk to them-or try to explain? Do you think I would insult Miss Bethune by offering them one word of excuse, either on her behalf or on that of her grandfather? No, and it would be no use besides. They are mad with prejudice. No doubt they say I am mad with prepossession. Very well; "let it stand so." Lord Musselburgh at length perceived that his task was absolutely futile. His only chance now was to bring Vincent into a more placable disposition by getting him the information he sought, but he had not much hope on that score, for people do not pay £5,000 and then at { once render up all the advantages they fancy j they have purchased. So here was a deadlock, t he moodily said to himself, as he walked away i home to Piccadilly. i And as for Vincent ? Well, as it chanced, on. | the next morning—it was a Wednesday ninrn- ! ing—when he went across from the Westminster Palace Hotel to the House of Commons, and got his usual little bundle of letters, the very tirst one tiiat cauprht his eye bore the . Toronto postmark. IIow anxiously he had looked for it from day to day, wonderinc why Mr. Thompson had heard no news, and bac;>:n- : ing more and more heartsick and hopeless as ; the weary time went by without a sign, and : behold here it was at last. A FAIH. BEACTIFEL SKIN.—Sulpholiue S.IAP gives the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion, makes the Skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable. 6d. Tabk-U. Everywhere. aS?2th£e 