A PILLOW TRAGEDY. co. The Belated Confession of One of the Guilty Conspirators. Our village was pretty small when I irst camo to it, tut tlhen, as far as that is con: cerned, 1 weas pretty slmall myself, and so in every way suited tho village. In thinking over my own youthful lays it rEelned to nme a pity that the history ot thn village bhould go unrecorded for want of a hisetorian, So I propose, in tack of a better person coming lorward, to write soma of thie particulars of the hisitory ofnl this qnit village. I shall call it lrueoville, because that rwas not its name, and yet it is near enough the name to be recognised by nsy of its eminent citizcns, while the neunled title, I hope, will protect me if an exasperatrd populace ehorld unrder. take to bring a libel ount against nrme, or to take into the couerte of oaw any of tite lis. deeds that Isthall have tire painful duty of chronicling or confessing. It is generally) suppoeatd that the young men, or boys, ratller, of thie cities are very much worse, ns far as pure wickedness is ooncerned, than the innocent youthl who re. sides in the country or in a smfll village, My own experienc does not bear out this popular idea. If there exists in this world any gang of youngsters who more richly de. eerved thire cells of a prison than we did I hayo yet to bar oft them. I had asolos , a. \- pirattons myself to being the leader of this gang of boys, but I have to admit that there were many among us who could astonish even me in suggesting new and entertairing crimes whioch were to be committeld on the suftlering inhabitantsa of tihat village. Thie village now boasts of a very line brick school, and I believe there is a principal there and assistant teachers, and a great many other things that were not prevalent when I was a boy. I went to the firut ehool that was overoperned at Brueevlle, and that was the first school I ever went to myselft, Tile teacer ewas a yourng woman whro had amarsed a great deal of knowledge ap. parently; at leneast we thoupllt o at the time, and thie people of theo vilihge rented tie lower story of a rosidence fora school.llouse. I have rather dim recollectliorrs of my struggle with learning through the first book, I vaguely remember being trounced one or twice, but I rhave no recollection as to whiat the trouble was. I inow that even at that early time I was marked as being a boy wsio, i! he hIad kept on in the way Ie Ihad storted was going to develop into a verit able monster of wickedness. I can rememlbcr that there was a certain feeling among some of us that we were nrot st all tire favorites of t1ls teselrer, and I believe to this day that the teacher did nrot have tie tact to oonceal her prelerences. This partiality wnes brorgrlt to a climax one summer's day by hier inviting all her favorite pupils up to trer house, or thehouse of her father, to engage in th wild diseipation of games and craoking nuts, and sunch like ilarlous enjoyment. Four or five of us were not Invited, and that night I went early to bed. Wcn the young aoun. drols of thie vilingo wanted to start out on a career of depredationa we always went to bed early. Eonh of thIe boys hadi a partlcular way of getting out of thie house urknown to theother inmates, and my own means ol exit was orawling tllrourghl the window on to the kitchent roof, getting down that on the top of a board fence, and thoe from that to the ground. We always e ollected erch other by mrysteriolls whlistles, Inritlatilns from the whip poor.will or quail, and in go. leg to our rendecvniir w vl sired alritg tie fence or in thie dark shadowers of builrlhrge, erouching down wih our eaFu drawn over our eyes.a, Tills wa, to avoid prossible die. oovery, altlhlogh tlherre was itr persne in creation that wrould harve thIoulght nuytling of iItif he had mt Ins rlpht in tile neidile ml the t reet, anstyhrrw. ,till, there wras a cer. lain delight t in ting a .Ittnk fllr it t, nad err thil rartierUiir ie'r'liijn Inire or trl leet Uts hl d gntheld for tir lIreiirr1ii' of bruhakli, g tiht party rat tire In-lih·r', irinre. ThU luncher neloagi d ti . bir'. frnrlyii' of fit Inieorn wihlii had cvntlcrid nrei1iil IId n it iiril tor lnlotind. As a nenillnir of teli fIllllily )iid the cnrie natlres, hIlh llrl ltu l r ennci d, varloll n adj,. live were rind I ti ditIgirit! thie pfirelarth ones mentrt. r fctlhir wih k1iwrn i as I Hwi(lltlpy " ,tlhii, lhtulet h livIId o1 n lih other sid of ih . i .iii, np atiut hnIf a rlts distantIt frtlel ItI, vwllahFi, Anolther retlallvi was snird " lllly Jill b' l ct irntio i llved I, the tbrowarf a f ill. Thl, cwonri thr l h whhi h We alnd to lte t. th?C .,qwll) Jinhte'sill1 II was a welidl, iOllllllllt i le pih ', whIlI IrIir it least pIx hI1e, riotIlr, enrrI'1t'[ I 'i frn thait ile w tn not thrIe I tI sfrild, II runo it. A\iy Ulngle btiy, ir vnii tI' oi it for I hi t rnttr, WOiUld llu it ri,, h tlinil) lh, u lrIn r i' I o Ii' I . tlnll ratrlir tIh n ll ti rcer ' Ilnn i' inri r 11 ti he nlghttrl uo iir, lirt maii ln 1rnd I thit n f ir?l Cthroiuli Ill vill11,r lId tlhroneiiilh t ihe ru In11, ant lt l flit IIr I,, 1111it' t e I hl lir r n il , \wn Hwnrllllry irlohll' , A l r a f \\\r hi, ru d h ll , i 11rlit. flt111)rt wea Igi ,tlolV rwI t fh. hl ertin fi rI Otlt i e tifli enIh r null rcr1111.h . It ir iy hII to01111eliid tiht ni thfer o eir11n' n ofIi thlI lity lhoeitelalhr's nllth 111111 11111ie nn ther wire Ieys vlnllgllll imlowhre lnd, wnlunr l ilinit Ihlerri lthal t1IIt. Title wn find hri11rnrI Irom the florlullnoat lllvllild lUlhrt, who lol It as nl Inl..I lrtn L111 I.. wrnlifI ,r hannllornnlluali ,.L 4Irtel. wuclld e nIc uoldr uCadec peoelll interlfre with the amutecment. T'he gle was made up as follows: A pillow w. taken and a string tied around tbh middle uI it. Then black pieces of cloth were pinned to reproesent mouth, nose and eyes. A piece of red flannel was pinned to the black mouth so that it hung out in a plcturerque fashllion and added to the attractiveness of the pillow as we had fixedit. A ropewas then tied around tile centre of the pillow to give it a general resemblance to a man being hanged, and with this all thle conspirators started along the road that led through the big swamp. The terrors of the swamp may be understood when I say, as we paesed along the lonesome road that wase out through it, we all became terrorieed at our own pillow, and one of the weaker brethren became so frightened that he started back, but realising the tact that he would have to tread the rest of the fearful way alone he stuck to ous, being less afraid to be in our company even with the frightful ghost we had with us, than go back to the village alone. When we cautiously climbed over the fence and got into the yard that surrounded Swampy John's house, we crawled up along the fence to the residence itself. Of course we might easily have gone in by the gate and up the walk, but that wouldn't have had the daredevil effect that we wished to produce even among our. selves. The house wasgaily lighted up, and the noise of revelry could be. heard. The curtains in the front had. been pulled down, but the side window was curtainless, and there we arranged our nefarious business. A pole was stuck up against the house, to which the rope was tied that suspended the frightful.looking pillow, and the pillow was then swung to and fro, so that it would beat gently against the window.pane. The effelta of a great scheme are never noticeable until the scheme itself Is tried. We now saw that we should have brought a sheat with us to wrap around the lower part of the pillow so as to give a more realistic view to our ghost. Takingdown the poleagain and lowering the rope somewhat, it was so ar. ranged that the head of the apparition appeared just above the window.sill, and there was nothing below to intimate that the ghost came to an abrupt conclusion, and no. thing to ehow an inveetleating person that it was a pillow and not a ghost. Over the sill of every window a conspirator was peering in to see who would first notice the apparition at the uncurtained pane. When it was die. covered an unearthly shriek rent the air. I never knew who it was that saw it first or who it was that gave the shriek. But instantly every eye was directed to the terrible spectre at the window. One universal howl went from the guests. The little girls and little boys cluing round the skirts of the school mistress, and she- for she mulst have been only a girl hereclf, although we thought her at that time the embodiment of old age and wisdom-was just cts frightened as the rest. Shestared at the apparition with dilated eyes and white face. I had a very good view of her and I thought for the moment she was going to faint. The children all around her were screamoing and crying and howling for help when there was no help. But the scanool ma'am was clear grit. Liketheother lady of t'e adage, she did not believe in ghosts, but she was afraid of them. She knew the lonely situation of the houeo and realised the fact that it would still bean hour or two before the first of the parents came with Ineterns to bring home thlir children. She knew that ifthe children were not calmed down there wouldn't be any of them to bring home before another ten minutes. So she quickly shook herekirts free from tile clinging yourgvtere, and for a moment we thought that site was going to come out and scatter us, and then ocur hearts stood still. She sprang to the door and threw it wide clen, and the next worde she spoke struck terror into the hearts of the villainous conspirators. " Here, Tiger I Ilere, Tiger I"e she houted, and a great big dog bounded in from the the kitchen, while we broke in dismay for the fence at the road. Then there were screams and yella from an entirely opposite party. Tiger, who was a great, big, brutal animal, sprang out into the darkness and instantly followed the fleeing mob. IIe took away moat o my wearing apparel as I ecrambled over the fence. Every one of us enffcred more or less, and we ran the whole way through the swamp road into the villinge. Then we thought with terror, at least I did. that the pi'low was still hanging at the window. The next day the question in thie ruiet villiagoi was: "Who lost a pillow?" The people of tile village were scandalised at the outrage that had been committed, and every ono eounted pillows. Alas I and alnne I in our house there was one pillow short, and many a time next day I wished I had that pillow to sit down on, " AT what age were you married 7" shel asked, inquisitively. lBat the other Idey was rqnal to the emergency, and quietly re sponded, " At the parsonage." A ranuac, fashionable visitor thus ad dressed a little girl: " How are you now, my dear ?" " Very well, thank you," was the reply. Tio visitor then added : "Now, my dear, you should ask me how I am." The girl simply and honestly replied: " 1 don't want to knew." 