I WITH THE TIDE. ' fl TfiLB OF THE TDEF. BY 'yjiBlX.' Spjciailt Wbittbn fob'thh ' Eefbbbi' — Alii Bights Eebsrved. CHAPTEE XXVI. ? ' THE BVB OP BATTLE. It is the night before the Derby, and Melbonrne is alive with a mass of humanity. The people seem to have suddenly gone racing- mad. They_ talk about the coming event to the exclusion of all other matters. Businees cares are for the time laid aside. The all-absDrbing topic of conversation is what will win the Derby and Cup. Amongst the thousmds of people moving slowly up and down Bourke-street, ninety-nine out of every hundred have their 'bit on.' It is an oiderly crowd. Very little pushing or jostling. All classes of men can bo seen here, and from all parts of the colonies Nowhere in the world can you find a people so utterly devoted to the turf as the crowd in Melbourne on the eve of the Dtrby. They think of nothing but horses. They know the name-i of all the cracks, and are aa familiar with the jockey's cognomens as they are with the alphabet. Most of them pretend to have on intimate acquaintance with the trainers, and to be on terms of friendship with the riders. The probabilities are they could not .point out any of the men they iprofeeB to know bo well. It seems big to talk like this, and it gives an air of authority on matters sporting. There are men who know certain trainers and jockeys casually, and Bodon, the whilom journalist, was euchan one. The eve of the Derby was of the utmost importance to Bodon. He had invested Smirk's donationon Caloolafor the double, and the result would either make him or break him, as he tersely put it. Bodon hovered about the door of the Victoria Club until he became quite a nuieance. He pestered familiar book makers with the query as to how the market was going upstairs. He was decidedly restless. He di/ed into Barney Allen's to watch the betting, and he bothered Saqui's life out over the purchase of a threepenny smoke. ' Backed Caloola, have you?' said one of the fraternity he buttonholed. 'He hasn't a ghost oi a chance,' ' Hasn't he P' wrathfully said -Bodon. ' Well, 'I know better.' - ' Then what the deuce did you aek me for ?' was the very natural reply. Bodon waB uneasy in Mb mind. He could see by the odds being laid that the price against Caloola was extending. Per fection was a red-hot first favorite, and Captain Coot and Bob Boy were well backed. Caloola fluctuated a good deal but his fair price was about five to one. It was, however, for the Cup that the greatest desire was manifested to lay ogainst him. Had Bodon been privileged to go into the room, which he was not, he would have been somewhat surprised. Messrs. Isaacs and Moss had made a deliberate set at Caloola the moment they entered the room. They were always ready to lay the double, and for the Cup. straight out they stood to lose thousands against the horse. Other members of the ring seeing them so con fident, commenced to lay the horse heavily, and the consequence was Caloola gradually receded in the betting. Kingdon was present, and he could not understand it. Had Wells been got at P That was the point troubling him. Be it said to the man's credit he was far more anxious for the hoise to win for his daughter's sake than for any peouniary gain he might make out of it. Kingdon was a far different man to men of the Isaacs and Moss stamp. He would have scorned the idea of ' getting at a jockey.' His dealings were fair and abpveboard. He made use of any information he obtained in a legitimate manner. When he saw Messrs. Isaacs and Moss anxious to lay large sums against the horse he ac knowledged it as an ominous Bign. He knew these men were intimately associated with 'Fletcher, and were no doubt inspired: in thatquarter. Kingdon was one of the! most .popular men in the room, and it was also known he belonged. to the Caloola; party. When, therefore, he let the odds expand against the horse without making a move it looked as though he had no; more money to invest on Caloola. ? ; At last Isaacs, emboldened by tho silence1 of Kingdon, offered in i an ostentations, manner to lay five thousand to fifty the two Caloolo's. This was more than King could stand and he took the bet. « Will you double it, Kingdon P' said Isaacs. ; ' No thankB. That's plenty at present,' he replied. . . 'Double it, eh,' thought' , Kingdon; ' Hang.it, the fellow b6ts as if he had tho horse as safe as a. bank. Can't make it out. '?? Where the deuce is WellB ?' ' ' i . Wells had not shown, up at the club, but Kingdon had no doubt he would do bo in the course of the evening. About 10 o'clock the jookey entered the room. He looked somewhat flushed, and. Kingdon fancied' he had been having a glass, too much. He was not fax out in his calculations. Wells had a penchant for champagnej and he. had imbibed rather freely on tho-strength of the X100 he had received from ..Ioaacsj. and whioh he meant, to invest oa Caloola. , Kingdon at onco took 'him on -one Bide, and. they, had an earnest, conversation. Wells briefly explained, how he had hoaxed Fletcher, and asked' Kingdon to invest a hundred on, Caloola for the double for .hin)..V:- ?.'??-'?'=?? '?d'.i.v ,,:'? ' T : ',-','t git ^Htlipu,fiaidjto fifty ashorttime ago.faoni'Iaaas^eMa&ngd;_.on,L'(Top;can 'havffhatf.tiitiafi.yoalihff*'3,. ',,!,, ,':;c'': ???: ?- i j. 'vSfSF'&F;^^Si^v^fHfc'*8?' 'P-ingdon ileifciinirt.and^weiifetaprpBS; th.e:ioenj. :He 'laid put the remaining' iSS fqr.'Wello, anal - 'th^jop^ey/thewfpr^-BWod^tp! winr^ large : ?? ? A1 far different acono, if'r'om,' tHin feirmbil snd bustle was that ? ut Eavenswood, St. Kilds, where B\plea8Mt.faniil£ party :wajj . gathered at: Lord Mayfiold'o hdneo, in .order to bo- ready for the , drive to the ' course bn the niorrpw. It was '»? magnificent, night. - A [copli broezo blowing from the ooa; and- the soft light of tbemoonBhed ding a .hold of Boftenbdj glow over the scene. .' The . Frendh: ' window^ 'were;; wide open, and the gucsta were lounginG bntto spacious verandah beneath the- -climbing honeysuckle and winding 'xo^a 'trees, or ' else .reolinin'g in the numerous esw-ehiiiifs1 ' aid. ^etfeea'.witjiin the 'rooms.'. iLady Ma«-' ..fiold.waBlookinBwelJ.'StiBBeemod'perfeV'tlV' ? happy. ? and 'jet: at - timea forebodirisiia' of,' evil crossed- her mind; ' VLord'JSlayfleld, was: most attontivo.tot hpr, csiia1 it web evident ho was a captive -to. hor :charuib. Maratpn and Edith Kln'gdoa* had' found !a quiet lover's nook- ot: one. end of the verandah, and were discussing the chances1 of tho races.' . ' So iuuoh depended npon tho victory. of Calpplal' Edith Kingdon felt depressed. ''-' She' wished' the time of ' suspenee hod passed. She longed to know either the best or the worst. 'Maroton tried to oheer her, but he too felt gloomy, nnd occasionally inclined to bo despondent. A note from Kujgiion jafoiming bim of tho uncertain position of Caloola in tho bettinB Ind not mp.do him comfortable. Ho could not off oid to risk any more. The horse must take its chanoe. . Wells he felt certain of. . ' Ton look quite tired out, Edith,' he eaid after a spell of silence. ' I am anziouB, Jaok,' she said. ' To morrow will decide our fate, or, at least, it will materially change the present state of uncertainty.' 'There's no causo for alarm, Edith. Ike cays the horse is as fit as he can make him, and he is confident of victory. He's an honest fellow, Edith. He has been a true friend to me ever since I was a tiny lad riding on his knee.' 'Oh, Jack, it is the eve of our fate. To morrow will decide the issue of our lives. If Caloola Ioseb the Derby I Bhall be in . despair,'' ' Don't look at it like that, Edith. If he loses the Derby we may go for a recovery in the Cup. But, bb I said before, Xku is confident he will win the double,' said Jack. ' Let us hope for the best. Why won't you tmst me, Jack. Tell me the history of your life. Let me dispel that dark cloud which. I see still hovers over you,' said Edith, earnestly. ' I cannot, Edith. It is a pitiful tale. I am a deeply injured man. The pist I have nearly forgotten. Do not recall ic to my memory now, it might sadden oar enjoyment to-morrow.' ' Never, Jaok. I shonld like to know all before the events npon which so much depends are decided. Trust me, Jack. I would not ask you if I did not know it was for the beBt.' 'It is a long story, Edith, but if you will hear it I cannot deny you. Ton have a right to know it, and yon shall.' And then in the stillness of tho moon light night Jack Marston told his tale of blighted love and hopes to his affianced wife. He confessed how he had loved the daughter of the proud old St. Clair, and told of tho preparations for the wedding. Then came the tale of a brother's treachery. How one night— such a night aB thu — he went as usual to meet his love. It was the eve of their marriage. He walked with a light heart to see her, thinking that on the following day she would be his. And what did he find P He arrived just in time to see her emerge from her father's house on the arm of his brother, Captain Drayton. He could not believe his eyes. He stood as one struck dumb, and remained rooted to the spot. He saw the girl he loved, the girl that was to be his wife, assisted into his brother's carriage. Ho saw him mount the sect, and then he began to realise the situation. He had been duped, fooled. The girl he loved, the brother he trusted, had played , him false. Bage took possession of him. He mshed out. and caught the horse's head as it passed the pork gates. His eyeB met his brother's in deadly hatred. He never looked on the woman that had so shamefully used him. ' Perjured liar,' he hissed between his clenched teeth. Then he srw the flash of the cold steel barrel of a pistol, a shot, and he fell bleeding to the ground. The last he remembered was a wild unearthly shriek, then the rattle of wheels, and then— well he lost conscious ness. When he recovered. he found Ike Thnrton bending over him and pouring brandy down his throat. 'Don't say a word, Master Jack, I've seen all,' said he. For weeks he lingered hidden away in a cottage remote' from bis father's house. Ike tended him like a mother. - The papers teemed with the sensational elopement of John Drayton and Miss St. Clair. He declined to go to his home again. Bad as his brother was he would shield him for his father's sake. He felt it would have killed the Squire had he known what had really happened. He got strong and well, bnt was strangely altered. With the money he had he sailed for Australia under the name of John Marston. ' Over the result of that fatal night, as regards the unhappy girl, I would rather diawa veil, Edith,' he said. 'I have kept my secret, and my father has been spared the pain. Perhaps some day my brother may repent and tell him all. When he does 1 can return to my fathers house. The Squire must hear the confession from his own lips. I will never tell him of that terrible night.' ? ' My poor Jack,' said Edith, as he kissed her tenderly. ? ' And you love me bo much, Edith.' ' Better than my life,' she said; ' I am so glad you have told mo, Jack. What misery you must have gone through; What became of ?— — of — — t' 'She is dead, and I trust at peace,' said Marston, Bolemnly. . ' ? : ' Ton must go home to your father and mother, Jack,' she said. 'fHow glad' the Squire will be to eee you again.' 'Yes, poor, dear dad; Ike said it nearly broke his heart. But, thank heaven, he does not believe me guilty of wronging that loving girl.' . 'No. one who knows yon could, Jaok,' Edith said gently. , . MarEton pressed her hand and said, 'It ia worth all to have won a love like yours, Edith. My, first dream was mere infatua tion ; this is genuine, honest love.' : . ' We must share our fortunes, Jack. If Caloola does not win I have enough for both,' she said. ...--, j 'I cannot accept that Edith. I must win a home for you myself. I should never feel happy if I accepted Bnoh a sacrifice for you. Mo, you must npt throw yourself anay ' upon a penniless scamp like myBelf?' ;. ,.! ' -' . ' „..' . | 'That is unkind Jack. Love is. more than wealth. I am not ambitious, I could, Jive with, you anywhere,' she Eaid. i -. ? ? , | « I know it, , Edith,' he replied ; ' and therefore all the. more reason why X shonld not accept any such sacrifice'.'. -, j '.Dp yon know I fancy you telling mb that painful story of the past will- bring us good -luck,. The confidence you; have ropoeed in. Irue has mode me feel more convinced of 'succelsB. It is a good augury for to-md'rr'ow,. Jack.' .''.: '; ^,1 ? 'I trust ; it? may prove so, Edit^U : we had Wtterjbin1 the others now.' ? u. ? \ . they , strolled,, along . the .verandah.;. and , met Lord.and Lady Mayfleld; wh'p'.we're as affootfoaatje'aB a; conplo of lovers. The ludie^oon, ietiredjor pie sight, and May field and Maroton over.a oigar discussed the ohancea of the morrow. . - ? ? i 'It's ^ case of sink.or awim'with me, Moyfield. I'm heavily. in;' said/Jack, i . -' Don't-.let ithatyworry, you,i my dear fellow. Kemembor- yon have 'always one I'rieridypu dan , 'rely ,\ niion, Mareton. I'vfe enough and to eparo for tho pair of na.' ! ? ' Ton'ie too-generous,'- said Marston, ' I could;not .accept a shilling. ? ? I can piy if Iloso, and i that iB about all.' j , ,',' Do ,ypii ?rocblle.ot1 the first time we met P/^ew.cl Lord Mayfleld: ;' - - ?? - | ' r.'^.verTlwelt'Jtoghe^.J.ook. '-'-.:?; ' j . «'? By,gad,..oldifol}ow4'ypn;friglit8ned me, you looked so doucod-ferooiouB. .You took me. down a .peg, Jaok, bid J.fleaojyed it. What o'oad you must have thought mo.'1! ?*'T:'did not have tho eame opinion then IhaVe of yon now,' candidly ? said Jaok, ,' Yon have altered, ,, Bipod will'tell, you Inpjr/.and. there's;, some .of the good British blue blood irtjyou, Majfield.', - i ' 'Thanks, old fellow,' said LpirdMoy field.'ais he grasped-hia hand.,, 'How did yoniako it when you heard I had gone off Y?ith Daisy l'- '?' .. . rf. '. '? 'Couldn't mate it out ot iSrat,' Bald Jaok. 'Bho lovso you, Efeyfielt?, nna aho's a oplcnflid trciion.' ' Yes ; she won't disgrace me at home,'1 said May field. ' When doy on intend to go to England ?' eaid MaiBton. ' Boon after the races. Abont January or Febiuaty. I shonld like to bo home for the next Derby.' ' And so should I,' said Jack. 'By jovo we'll go if Caloola wins tho double.' v ' io we wiN,' said Lord May field, and they meant it. As they strolled into the house and went to their respective rooms, they little thought of the scenes that iwonld be, enacted within a brief space of time. Lady Mayfleld, as she softly slept with the tranquility of a child, looked the picture of innocent hapDinesa. Lord Mayfield gazed at her fondly, and gently kiseed the fair white hand on the coverlet. In niter- years he never forgot the memory of that night. He kissed her fervently, and sho murmured in her sleep, ' My husband.' ' My love,' he whispered to the uncon ecicub foisn. How deep her love and self-sacrifice were for him he Jeaint all. too Boon. (to be continued.) 