St\V, g'litic shepherd, if you will and hear a help- ),.,', orphan's tale about this Divorce Hill which has ii,.iti'il simli commotion in the colony and the Colonial twice. Some of tie know why certain people don't want I his Bill to become law here or elsewhere, but that is not to the present, purpose. I lie question now is why do you—the dear, nil .ctionatc cleric—get your spotless neck-cloth jiimut vour anointed ears, nnd your clerical slander n|, to fever heat, and your clerical soul in arms and eager for the fray, about a matter which seems nut to come within your clerical ken, or in any way to pertaiu to your modern methods of keeping the souls of men iu check aud the clerical pot boiling to the brim without spelling. In my merry mood with two fat bailiffs ill my house, the gas on the doorstep, and a judgment summons hovering around, I might be tempted to u little levity and half inclined to say, " You. qontle shepherd, have you seen My Flora pass this way ?" Von seem so dreadfully afraid bIic shall escape that I nii^lit in all reason appeal to you now that the Uill "giving her the chance is before the " 'onie IJuvcriiijieut,'" as Berry puts it. She was not mine truly, but I knew her, and felt for her. Miu had heavenly b'ue eyes, aud hair like thistledown tired of fighting the breeze, and a heart as warm as love could make it. She looked so sad and trustful, and yet heartbroken, and was so tired that she disdainel not to sit down in the company of a stranger, who, whatever he uib'ht be, looked as if he would be kind tosuffering womanhood. She had bruises on her, and a nasty iii.iill on her face, this fair daughter of Rve, and hesomdit me, almost a stranger, to shield her and help her. Pish ! but I am wandering. It is a timeworn tale a thousand times told. But her huBbaud w hat of him V Nay, I know not. Slv. cannot, be relieved of him, the State says, because he did not commit overt adultery. Had the in her misery ,,nre committed thatdeadlv sin, she should, with all hRr bruises and her contumely, have been cast forth loask charity of a woild culd enough to condemn her, but too cold to help her. * * * * Does it not then seem a little strange, ,leur Cleric, that vnu, who are so fond of championing the cans- of wclI;, distressed won.mi, should raise si eh > howl of honor now that the < i overnment want to help her ami pnt into her hands the power to free herself, according to law, from what is to her a livii').' death? It, is the terminology again which lriidUeus Mm. You do not like the word Divorce. And yet tile word is harmless enough. Divorce is like the Fa'Is of Niagara-a tremendous an! aw'ill thing or a very commonplace thing, just as one may view it, and just uecorelirg to one's capacity to estimate it. Vou dread n collision between sword and ifiiwn, and cannot hear to think that the State kxoalibcir' should separate what the chalice has eeinen!c:|. The liew Divorce Bill is all in favour of woman, and amounts to a distinct declaration nn the port of the, country that a me 10 .sentiment shall no longer set aside equity. ]t is not, however, just now so much with the iiHtlcr as the manner of your objection I hat the public is concerned. Vou have a habit of objectin- when it. is tai late, and, like a petulant woman, you always want to have the last word. When the shop is closed and the shutters are un you come hammering for admittance, regardless of time and propriety. Von will never admit that you are bcateu, and you too often proceed on what sportiug men call the " win, tie or wrangle" system. You cannot conceive it possible that the people should by vote set aside vour wishes and decline to pay heed to your creeds, and when you line! that the people do Bueli things in cold blood, you hurl at their heads your largest sized anathemas and seek to ignore all the rules of fair play. For a long time past the rellcctivc portion of this community has decreed in its heart that the Uivoiee Law shall be made as elastic for woman as for man, and that solid justice should be done between both parties to the marriage contract. The (ioverameul, then took the matter up and dcoieed by Statute law that efl'eet should be given to the wid of the majority. This was done 111 a formal and open maimer, and the sign manual of the Legislature was put, upon the Bill. \ ou, the clerics, had your say and a pretty big Bay it win as usual, but still you were not satisfied. Finally the. Bill was sent home to receive the Royal assent, when that assent ought to have been sent here. The mountain would not come to Mahomet, bo Mahomet had to go to the mountain Vou then followed the Bill to its destination, not with your prayers, but with your execrations. Vou even wanted to waltz in at all corners of the Colonial Oifice, and nmkc thingB pretty warm for that Bill at every turu. You always want two votes, and then the power of veto, aud when you can't get all you want you delight to unfurl the standard of the prophet, and proclaim a holy war. » #• * Wc have 110 hard feelings against you at all if you keep on your own side of the House. It is when you try to infringe our rights and curtail our liberties that we incline to f ink severely about you, and unhappily it is your habit to be doing this all the. time. We should like \ ou ever so much better if you would kev p out of politics- altogether, but if yi.'u must come into the political arena don't bring y ur c,isseick and sto'e; with \ou. w e prefer you in the tweed suit, of everyday life. Broadcloth spoils too easily, ami won't stand the rough usage incidental to heated discussion and political logic. If you would cease t > be id hard on us many of us no' -churchgoers would even attend the tabernacle occasionally, and would try and say " Amen'' in the right place and declare ill a loud voire that we were willing to forgive oi;r enemies on cerlain conditions. When, however, wc feel good at limes, and would like lo present ourselves before the altar, we suddenly remember that, you would deprive us of a sniff of sea water on the Sabbath-day, which is tile day ive set apart for taking in our weekly supply of ozouc. Vou won't let us ride in a train or plough the raging main in a steamboat with our wives, our sons and our daughters, and our sons' wives, arid thereby brush away the week's accumulations of cobwebs. If we take the wings of the Sunday morning and waft ourselves around to the " Zoo " in the hope of meditating on the wonders of nature and feeding the monkeys and contemplating the habitB of snakes, both from a moral aud scientific point of view, you form yourselves into a deputation ami call Oil Duncan <>'illiefi at once aud make such u noise that we don't want to go to the " Zoo" any Should we be seized with a burning desire to improve our minds aud take in useful knowledge aud open the eyes of our understanding ou the works of the great ones of the earth and try to master the use~of the globes and study rain eliaits and the geological formation of the earth on which we stand, there is the clerical Nemesis standing in the doorway of the I'uhlic Library with uplifted hands crying aloud, " Abandon hope all ye who enter here." Vou hang crape on Sunday on the portals of all the pleasant places of the world, and make us feel that wc have no right to he at large. Vou interfere too much, and vou want to overgovern us to an alarming extent. Vou advocate one broad unvarying policy of shin ting up. * * * * Just as you have tried to get in by the back-door of the Colonial Cilice ami strangle the Divorce Bill, so are yon ever trying to get in at the biek doors of the State school by the aid of sectarian jemmies aud crowbars and skeleton keys. The State lias definitely and once for all said you shan't pet iu there, but that is not enough for yon. If you can't get in you will keep up a polhc outside. This is where you make the mistake. Von should be peaceful and law-abiding logical. even if you can't be As a mciiihc r of the community, most re-pected clciic, you liiv, a right to I c heard, hut: it is when you as-ume ex'i'.i clerical rights mid privileges that m c begin to feel hurt in a vital part of our social economy, and di-posed to tell you to mind what you : at, It may not he known lo everybody that we nave iu Y.ctona a (.invniment entomologist, Mr. French by name. It would appear to be the duty of this g< nt email t. i capture anil classify specimens of every creeping thing after its kind, anil then set to work and think out. the best and quickest method of removing the pests from oil' the face of the eutli. We "desire to point out that home of the places of anin-enicnt on a. hot night would offer a splendid field for reseaieh, and enable .Vr French to add materially to lii.s already large collection of insect life. Fun a happy blending of the material aud the immaterial commend us to the following, which appeared in the -f;/e the other day : — "l^illKSS Maker, stylish, children, shop work * ' cooii home rr.ejM ciuljlo jh i sou : spiritualist preferred. Miuo. There is wisdom in this idea, though. Whenever a buxom young widow now goes to try nil a now hi Mai costume she can a>k the little dress maker to call up the spirit of her "pore dear first husband " lately deceased, and can then vex the old man's ghost by waltzing around the room and asking " What lie thinks of that for a white liberty zephyr silk gel into?" Ira common captain in the army were to he convicted in a court of justice of a direct falsehood, a court martial would he held, and, as a Blatter of course, he would he cashiered from Iter Majesty's Service. Because, though we may have men like Captain Bnbudil eudohn Falsi all' holding I he Queen's commistioii, they have not '-ecu found out; and till they have committed that inexplicable offence they are at liberty to p se as so many (icorge Wasliingtons. Now, "Captain" Butterworth, of the Natimuk branch of the Salvation Army, has been caught in a tarradiddle, and the question that arises is : What is to be his punishment ? He was accused of at cmpling to'defiaml the(;overnmont, a fraud of Hieli a venial character as not to he worth noticing. If he had pleaded guilty and paid his line like a man, nobody would have thought any the worse of him. But he didn't do that, lie sipiirme 1 at the prospect of a Hue, and to escape it he "denied emphatically " that he had put written communications inside a number of copies of_ the ||'c,r Ci-ii so as to save postage, though lie admitted having done so to the constable who served the summons. This wbb certainly " unworthy of an ollicer and a gentleman," and one will watch with interest to see whether as high a standard of morality is expected from those w/io profess to he soldiers of Hod as from the mere soldiers of the Queer.. 