The Turf. By Flaneur. In view of tho approach of tbo Carnival Race Mooting horse ownorB nro beginning to put iu steady work with their strings. Nothing of any particular munient lias yot occurred, as l-hcro is still some timo yet for preparations to be made. Everything, how- ever, 80-jiu3 to bo working satisfactorily to wards tho end m viow — a good meeting. Nominations for tbo Airlio aud Harold .Handicaps must bo sent in to the secretary, Mr. W. (.1. Thompson, on or before Tucsd vy, September 16 ; weights will bo declared on Septombor 18, aud acceptances and general entries will bo due on Septombor 25. The funds of this mooting have boon gonorously donated to the people of Rookhampton by Mr, and Mrs. T. S. Hall ; nud to induce tho presence of southern lioraea anl a largo number of entries generally, tho foes havo bona fixod at an unusually lo.v liwiirn For Roekharuptoii, as will bo seen by tlio published conditions. Tho sub-committee of tha Carnival Raoea Committee visitod tbo course during the weok, and decided upon a sfeuplochiso. Some clearing will have to be effected. Tho cuiirse provides for sovoil jumps, tho principal ones boing -1-ft, wliilo the others will be 3ft 9in. Sir Anthony has boon sold to Mr. H, C, White, of Now South Walos, for 400 guineas. Thio well-known Queensland porformor lias good brooding, being by Epigram — Tlio Nun, by Kolpil, and lias proved himself o thorough rnebliorso, Epigram's Ron will, it is said, sport silk in the southern colony. '" D. Greonlialgli, the Australian jockoy who was disqualified by Indian stewards for sus picious riding, has instituted logal proceed ings to provo t.luit ho whb innocent. Charters Towers Spring Mooting is fixod for November 10, and tho added mon'oy amounts to £400. Alluding to tho reported purchase of Mr. James Wilson's training establishment at Quoonsoliffo by tho Hon, D. Wnllnco,' a Southern writer says : - " I do not think Waltor Hickenhothani will caro to loave his comfortable homo at Flfeuiiugton, and prob ably somebody olao will havo charge of tho .Queensoliffe establishment." In iMelbourno betting on tho coming springy events is reported to he vory dull, aud, with tho exception of tho. acceptance of 1000 to 35 tlireo tiinos about Dvukold for thu Caulfiold Cup, littlo is noted. Tom Peyton, tho great Now South WiiIob trainer, has opened well this season. His two-yoar-olds havo won the first throe two- ycar-old ovonts — Thirl tnore winning at War wick Farm aud Rosebill, and Medina at Randwiok. Of the merits of Memoir and Snrcfoot Truth says : — " Memoir was easily beaton by Surofoot, and it is reported at Nowmarkat that- sho.will miss hor IDoncaster engage ment, in order that slio may bo kopt for tho Lancashire Plate, but I fancy that this is all a romanco, for it is clear that alio cannot have tho ghost of a shadow of a chance of defeating Surofoot ovor so von furlongs, and I should think that St. Serf would ho a bettor Candida to upon which to roly over this distance. I hnvo never boon ablo to under stand why Afomoir should have beou backed at suoh short odds for tho Logor, as, on tbo Newmarket Stakes form, Blie is iuferior to Bluo Green, who- unquestionably ought to havo boaton hor in that raco." Titan was roportid to hnvo broken down in.his training for the Hawlcesbury meeting, which opoued tlio campaign in Now' South Walos on Thursday. At one corner the re port would bo -that .tho hotse wob badly boaton iu n gallop by Princo Consort, and wliou ho pulled up it was found that ho hud complotoly broken down. Another told how h« had broken a blood vessel, and various other onuses woro given. Tho nows spread qniokly, and when one bookmaker, who is very shrewd, and resides at Randwiclc, offered 2 to 1 tho gelding for the Dorby, many thought Mr. Brodrihb's high-priced 'un was a " goer." Tho fact, howovor, that tho horso was onb cantering during tho afternoon, set matters aright. It appears that thero was a slight' " stoppage," which AU. F, W. Day soon sot to rightB; and that clover vet. states that Titan is as sound hs the day ho was foaled, a faot that will not he so plowing to tho " book " as was tho rumor of Tuesday — that ho lind hopelessly broken down. " Rnttlor " makes, the following stringent comments upon tlio recent winter meeting of tho Q.'L'.C. : — " I regret to say that the oxocutivo of the Queensland Turf . Club can not bo congratulated upon tlio outoouio of their first rnoe meeting of tho present season for never before, to my recollection, or probably to the recollection of any other regular attendant at Englo Farm, have thero bcon such a nmiiber of glaring caBCS of in- | consiBloncy as wcro allowed to pnss unnoticed by tho officials. The winter mooting of tho proinior.club is generally rcgardod as an off mooting, and no secret is made of t' o faot that it is' takon advantage of by horso-owners and traiuors as a kind of preliminary fooler for the more important fixtures which como off iu tho spring, hut oven granting that tho authoritios may foci disposed to make some allowance iu this respect, thoy should suroly tako care that oven ouo of their off meetings is conducted with at least some rogard to decency. Lt matters not to the public whether the mooting is an "off" ono or not; tlioy go to the rncoeourse in soarnh of honest sport, and if tempted to spooulate upon tho rusnUs of tho racos provided for compotiton by the club thoy havo a right nob only to expect but to demand tho protection of tho offiuia'.s ngainst the schemes of the " clover " divisions, who sometimes work single-handed and at other tiuios in cliques and parties to upset tlio calculations of tho handienppsra. It did not requiro tho clovorness of an expert to detect tho scheming which wns resorted to from end to ond of last week's meeting, and it woulrl fmnrnnlv I in enmnlmiontnrv -to thu stewards and members of committee of tho leading racing club of the colony to imtgino that thoy romainod in ignorauco of the trickery whioh was perpetrated under 'their vory noses, and iu such an open aud barefaced inannor as to ovoko public ex pression of contempt nncl disgust. Messrs. ' MilT'om and Go.,' in fact, appoarod to havo leased. Eagle Farm course for the occasion." " Mactindalc " rel ites tho following in regard to the Sydney totaiisator business : — " For some time past 1 havo noted certain people who appear to never leave tho window of the telegraph offioo on tho conrso nt- our metropolitan moetfugs. Lately I havo found out that their business is to receive tologatns -from a friend in the city who pays a visit to all the totaiisator shops. From the proprietors ho recoivcs a list of tho number of investors on tho horses in tho different events. Tho friend on tho cotirso recoives in liis iviro the information as to whioh is tlio hoaviost bnokod ou tho " totoa." ' Ho" then backs which ever are tho favorites, and a wonder ful profitable business it 1b, bo I am given to understand. At Tattors ill's Meeting, how- ever! thoy could not havo done over well. Looking ovor two lists I see that Banjo, wns absolute favorite for tho Hurdle Raco. Paddy was well backed' for the Tramway Handicap, but Rex wns tho best supported. On one, Mcdonn was favorite for tho Two- year-old Stnkos, but was only three in advanco of Cretnorne, whilst on tho other Crcuiorne was a pronounced favorite. Fop tho Spring Handicap, howovor, Doqonsfcer was a vory strong pick with Simon as socoud fuvovito. Thoso totaiisator promoters who conduct thoir business in a straightforward manner, are ranking rapid fortunes ; ono of them, it is reported, having £30,000 out of his commission alone (10 par cent) in throe years." Sursfoot, tho orstwhila favorite for tho English "Derby, is thus referred to by a London writer:— When writing about the Princo of Walei' Stakes, at the Leicester July, meeting, I gave a most unhesitating 'plumper for Snrefoot, who justifiod my good opinion ot him by winning in a canter, and tho extravagantly liberal odds of 5 to 2 wore aotually obtainable about him ; but thero was an entire lack of common sense in the subsequent rushing of Mr.. Merry's horso to a short prico for tho Logor, innsuiuoh ns tho distance boiug a mile, the raco could not possibly bo iu any way whatover a Loger trial, as aras pointed out then. Looking at Surofoot's Ascot form in tho light of his runniug at Leicester, it really scorns a3 if ho was of no usu bcyonrl a mile ; but ho is clearly a gro.it horso ovor that distance. On t,ho othor lianl, however, remembering that lio won the Two Thousand in ' a trot, aftor making all tho running, it appears possible that ho may not have boon in tho best pos- ( sible condition either at Epsom or at Ascot, and at Leicester - ho cert inly looked much better in every a7ay, having manifestly been granny neuentiea oy nne worn wnioli lie lias been d ing. I fancy it will turn out thqt ho was considerably to muoh " aboyo "himself " in point of condition when he was beaten in t.lio Dorby, and overy ono who saw him at Ascot regarded hiui as not half trained. Mr. Merry had entertained nn idea of reserving linn for tlio Lancashire Plato of £11,000 nt Alanahcster, which is run ton.dayB aftor the Legor, tho distance boing seven furlongs ; but I, suppose that ho will now havo his horso trained for Donuastei', and if ho is as fit nuB well there na lie wns at Newmarket and nt Leicester, ho will bo vory near winning. Mr. N. Peek — ' Alexandre Dumas says that ' anything usoless is dangerous.' What do yon think of that, my dear?" Mrs. N. Peck : " I thitik ho was an old fool, who didn't know what he wns tilkiug about. Thoro is nothing dangerous about .you, is thero f" - 