An Indian Ghost Story. Salieh Den Dhbbey was a prison official of proved courage aud magnificent physique, who was brought from J essore to All pore to take the place of head warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols -between the surrounding wails every night between the hoars of twelve and two. Oa one occasion, after he had been only a few days in the gaol, he set out on his rounds as usual, but some time after two in the morn ing it was found that he had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why he was so late gave place to anxiety, and a search party was organised. They carried torches, and at last came upon, the insensible form of Saheb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate upon the ground close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, after & time, by the application of water and other restoratives, he was brought around. The following was the tale he told : He had been, going his rounds a.Ti,q had stooped down to adjust- one of his shoes, when he felt someone spring npon him from, behind and com mence belabouring him between the shoulders. The concussion forced him ou to his hands and knees, and he first thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one ana behind his "back, bur he could feel nothing, yet the blows continued to rain down, upon him, and he felt himself pressed down to the earth by a great weight. At last a voice addressed him, 4 You dare come here, do you, to defile by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin ?' And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, &ad; then dashed face forward on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guard room. When he had finished this strange story, the agel head warder, who was about to retire, came up end pat the question : 4 What is it that is being said about Govind Brahmin ? This led to explanations, and the old warden told how noted badmash of that name, who had committed several cold-blooded murders, had been hanged in the AUpore gaol six-aud- twenty years before. 4 But,' pointed out one of the auditors, 4 Saheb Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We. found him close to the hospital gates. 1 Ah, replied the old man impressively, the scaffold in those days stood on the very spot where you found the prostrate body of Saheb Den Dhobey. The latter listened with blanched face; then he threw himself back on the couch on which he lay, My hour has come, he said. 4 It must have bean the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. My heart is broken. It is certain X must die. And be died in two days tiufe.- \- Times of India. 