(.'•xnti.nl'ed from sxtultdav's issue.) [all rights reserved.] THE PENNYCOM EQU1C K 8. BY S. BARING-GOULD, ttlior of " Mehalati," " Court Royal," IIep.ri.vo," " The Gavekocks, " etc. CHAPTER XVI. Who? What? [■ :s liateful- hateful as poison—the pnck ihe turning out of drawers, and then the tdung uf the drawers to get out the dust iind j-i-it and Hue that has accumulated in the c vii 'Ts; the arranging of correspondence, t';': discriminating between valuables and ! io-n.-s that may become valuable, and things Um' arc not, lml- wore valuable; the llmiw i!;:j -.way of rubbish, the consideration as to v i.: : things are to be disposed of, and if dis ] .I of. how to be disposed of, and to v, !■ ii, and all the business and care and i.'i'-evy of change of quarters. Av.tt yet, how out of thorns spring roses, ."•in! ->ut of troubles virtues come into bloom! •. e.\ probably, in a whole career did c!: :vvy, the bond of all virtues, so luxuriate, thro'--.' out such all ■ embracing tendrils, tiui: such fragrance, ripen into such fruit, as on viio occasion of change of quarters. Old b-.iis, sli'.difly damaged bonnets, heavy red piece of furniture, for v."hich a d.- ilei" would not give sixpence: articles that v.ouM fetch nothing in a sale, antiquated s-ho >l-books, magazines five 3'ears old, novels that have lost (heir backs, games, deficient i:i on-: or two piece.--!, old gloves, iron bed si cads minus their bras3 knobs, and - that have to lie tied together with wire; cracked dishes, snipped tumblers, saucepans, cor roded with rust—with what lavish and lordly magnificence we distribute them to all who will accept such alms. And then—what a lesson does change of quarters teach us, to discriminate between (he worthies." and the valuable; and with equanimity to endure separation from things which have become interesting to us, but v'iioh we cannot remove. When the author v.as a boy, his life was spent in travelling on the continent, in rambles from the Pyrenees to t.I: ji! 'ins of Hungary, from the Mediter ranean »o (lie l'.altic, and wherever he went, In: uia-Ut collections of objects of curiosity, crystals, petrefactions, dried /lowers, butter Jlie.i, mediieval armour, books. Before quitting any place of sojourn for a winter, or haltf'.ra n ght, his father explored every pocl.':tand ei evice of the carriage, and turned <>:ii tin; Il ea aires (here secreted, on which his j.iv.i's heart were set and his pocket-money had been expended. Xothing e;leaped his eye, nothing melted his heart. The author came to a place bring iug !i<<!hin^; with hi;n, and left it, carrying nothing with him away, all he acquired he v.si fiiivcd to leave. ]t was an excellent discipline for life, and yet hardly attained; c-ve:i Io ihis day he finds that he clings to t.'ilioK. Unw m;iny times since boyhood lias he had j t j .shift quarters? and each time lie lies ex perienced a struggle, and lias had to sur render some things on which his heart was fixed, but from which it wag, perhaps, well to he free. He recalls how one winter at Ji.iyonne, he collected every match and spill eii-1 that had lu-en used for lighting cigars and c indlos, till lie had accumulated a trunk full. When, in Spring, the move came, his father peroi/iptorilj' refused to despatch this tnihk-l'iad of scorched paper scraps by r;riin.l: or pet'itc rilr.tsc to Vienna, and they vt'j'. j consigned to the flames. When he was in Yorkshire, lie had collected some prehis toric (juerns. "^one hand- mills. When he contracted *.= irtt a furniture-mover to trans 1 tee his goods to the South of England, the j;i:m struck at the mill-stones, they were not in his bond. The author had to resign them; 7>;11 his heart aches for those stones to this day. When a family has inhabited a house for nigh cm twenty years it is incredible what accumulations have gathered round them, liow every corner, cupboard, closet, drawers, the cellar, the attic are stuffed with articles of various utility and importance, or let lis rather say of different degrees of inutility and worthlessness; none of which, how over, can be spared without a pang, for to e\ ery one of them a recollection Oiin^s. The Cusworths had been, not indeed twenty year;;, l>ut approaching that time, in the house of Mr. Pennyconiequiek. Every room, Uie garden, the attic, were crowded with reminiscences, mostly pleasant; to the ordinary eye a thin veil of soot took the brilliance and sharpness off all things in this smoke-laden part of England, but to the' girls, Salome and Janet, everything was o.eriated with the gold dust of childish memories. Mrs. Cuswortli had come to regard the house as a quiet home in which she might spend hor declining days, without ;i care for the future of her children, for janet was provided for, and Salome would 5 lot be forgotten. But now, with the loss of Mr. Pennyconiequiek, the prop had fallen on which the future was reared ; and suddenly :;!ic found herself in bad health, obliged to think ab 'lit her prospects, and leave the house in quast of another home. Mrs. Hi'lebottom, with the eagerness with ■which some women lly to do a spiteful thing, had taken advantage of her position to give ihe widow notice to remove. The Cusworths had received notice to anove within a fortnight, and it was not easy for them to find quarters into which to go. Malome had sought lodgings in Mergatroyd. nut in vain. There none were vacant, and jshc had been obliged to engage temporarily :i part of h house in the nearest manufactur ing town, a house that was called Redstone, out which was popularly known only as Black hole. It was a low Iiouse, surrounded hy tall factories, that crushed it into a well Itetwoen them, into which no sun could penetrate, but which received all day and night showers of condensed soot. She counted herself fortunate in having secured this, and she had already given orders for the removal to it of some of the packing cases iilled with their goods. Tj.c time hatl been one of strain to Salome, already distressed by the loss of her best fi-iend, and the subsequent doubt about the identity the corpse recovered. Mrs. Sidebottom had gone out of her way to make 3ier feel uncomfortable, had said ill-natured things, had slighted her mother, and irritated Janet to the verge of an outbreak. She had been obliged to exorcise great self-control, to disregard the sneers of Mrs. Sidebottom, to f.eroen her mother and hold her sister in check. She had been painfully affected, moreover, by the mistrust Philip had shown, slid though he had apologised for what he lrid said, the wound dealt to her self-respect v.-as umhealed. She felt this blow the more because she had unconsciously reposed con fidence in Philip ; not that he had given her reason for reliance on him, but that she had felt the need for someone to whoai to look, no'.v that Mi". Jeremiah Pemycomequiek was removed, and she had trusted that he would be houorable and considerate ill his conduct, as behoved a Pennycomequick. To add to her difficulties, her mother had suddenly and unaccountably had a relapse, ■was seriously shaken, and in no condition to 1)0 moved. Unaccountably, for the attack 3iad not come on when it might have been expected, on hearing the news of the death of the old manufacturer. She had borne up jtiavvelloufly under this trial ; the bringing the corpse to the house and the funoi-al had not materially allected her. She had spoken of the necessity she was under of leaving i he house, with sorrow, indeed, but not agitation; (die had taken some interest in the assort ment and packing of the family goods ; and then, in the midst of the preparations to de part, had been taken alarmingly ill. When the funeral was over. Mrs. Sideboc tum had returned to her own house. All vieeesiity 'for her remaining in that of her .luceased half-brother was irone. Neverthe less she was in and out of the house several limes during th j day. ' One evening she had left after nine, having dined there with her nephew, who 3iad moved into his uncle's apartments, and bad enjoyed some of her brother's best ■wine. At half-past nine the front, door was locked nnd chained, and the gaslight in the hall turned down, but not extinguished. Old Mr. Peimycomequick had kept early hours, xmd the servant observed the name routine of meals and work that had been instituted in his time", as they had received 110 orders to the contrary. Now that Philip had taken possession of his uncle's apartments on the first floor, and went to the i.:i)l at the same hours, and took his meals at thesamn hours, the house seemed to have relapsed into the old ways, out of which it had been bustled by the advent of Mrs, Sidebottom. Mr. Pcnnycomequick's apartments con sisted ox a study, with a bedroom opening >ut of it. The front of the house on the 5ame floor was taken up with a drawing room, rare]}' occupied. A third door on the same landing admitted into the spare bed room, in which the corpse of the drowned man had laid till the burial. On the ground lloor were two rooms, cor responding to those occupied by Mr. Penny comequiek, and these had been given up to Mrs. Cusworth, one—the outer—served as sitting-room. The dining-room and a break fast-room—the lattur under the spare bed chamber, completed the arrangements on the gi'ound-flo:>i\ Formerly Mrs. Gas worth and her daughters had slept on the storey above tho/lrawing-roomand Mr. Pennycome quick's suite ; and Salome's apartment were there still, but of late, owing toiler mother's infirmity, her bed had been transformed from the housekeeper's ofiice to a sleeping apartment for the old lady, to whom it was injurious to ascend many steps ; and as it was not advisable that Mrs. Cusworth should be alone at night, Salome had slept in the room with her. Since the arrival of Janet, however, she had returned to her apart ment upstairs, as the old lady had expressed .•! wish to have her married daughter with her. " My dear," slichad said, " it is not much more that I can expect to see of Janet. She will have to return to her husband before long, and I am not likely to live to have the pleasure of many of her visits ; so, if you do not mind, Salome, I should wish her to sleep in my room whilst she is here, that I may have her by me as'much as I mry." Salome :had accordingly returned to her chamber upstairs. She was glad thut at this time her sister waf there to relieve her of at tendance on her mother, whilst she went in search of lodgings and was engaged in pack ing. " I am expecting a summons to return to Ellxeuf every day," said Janet, "directly I get the news of the rout of the Prussians. Providence never intended that barbarism should prevail over culture ; and the French have such accomplished manners, and such perfect taste—why the German ladies I have seen have no idea how to dress." " You forget, Janet," said the sister, "that the Barbarians did, of old, overwhelm Roman civilization." "OIi—ye3, but only that they might assimilate the culture and become civilized themselves. If the result of this wretched war were that German ladies learned how to put 011 their clothes tastefully, I could almost forgive Sedan and Metz." Salome had us little knowledge of the arrangement arrived at between Mr. Side bottom and Philip as hns the reader, and for the same reason. It had not been divulged. She of course, could a3k no questions. The reader does, but he must wait. He shall be told presently. Suffice it for him to know that Mrs. Sidebottom had, unopposed, sworn to her brother's death without will, and had taken out letters of administra tion. Philip did not have his meals with the Cusworth party ; they were served to him apart. On this evening, after the house was locked up, and the servants had retired to bed, Salome was in her own room ; she had been engaged there for some hours, examining and sorting the house-bills, and destroying such as were not required to be perserved. When this was done, she began to pack her little library in a deal case, first wrapping each volume carefully in newspaper. As she did this she came on a garden manual that Mr. Pennycomequick had given her on her birthday when fifteen. The sight of this book suddenly reminded her of a score of hyacinth bulbs she had put in a dark closet under the stairs, iu which to form shoots before they were put in their glasses. The book had advised this as a corrective to the development of leaf at the expense of flower. In this cupboard, which Janet and she as children had named the Pummy closet—a name that had adhered to it ever since—she kept as well sundry garden re quisites. Fearful lest should forget the bulbs if she postponed their removal to another time, and accustomed, on principle, to do at once whatever occurred to her mind as a thing that had to be done, she gently opened her door and lightly descended the staircase. The steps were carpeted, so that her foot was noiseless. She had no need of a candle, for the gas, though reduced, still burnt in the hall. She reached the bottom quickly ; she was unwilling to disturb and alarm her mother, and so trod noiselessly through the hall to the closet door, beneath the steps. Her garden-gloves, gome tools m a little box that had been given her by Janet, and the bulbs ■were there, the latter, in the row, showing stout horns. She gathered these bulbs into a chip basket, and took the rest of her possessions in the other hand. Thus en cumbered, she closed the Pummy closet door with her foot, put down the basket, turned the key, took up the basket and stepped out into the hall with the intention of re-ascend ing the stairs as noiselessly as she had come down. But before she had reached the foot and had turned the balustrade, she was startled to see a figure on the first landing. At first vhock she thought it was Mr. Jeremiah Ponny comequick dressed to go out, as she had seen him on the night that he disappeared. If the hour was not now midnight, it was near it. Salome could not see whence the figure had co'me, whether from Philip's room or from the spare bedroonj. Only from the drawing-room he could not have issued, as that door was in view, and was shut. Who was it ? The figure descended slowly, and with in audible tread. The light from the gas was sufficient to show that th« figure was that of a man, but not to let her see his face. With a sickening feeling at the heart, and a chill that ran through every artery and frosted her blood, and deprived her both of motion and the will to move, she stood look ing at the aparition that glided down the staircase, leisurely, noiselessly. She recog nised the great coat and hat—they were those of Mr. Pennycomequick. The great coat was that in which the corpse had been discovered invested. Who was this coming—coming probably from fclie room recently tenanted by that strange, awful, dead man ? That was the first thought of horror that shot through her brain, followed by an other still more horrible, " What is it ?" For a while Salome was bereft of power of speech and motion. There was a sensation in her brain as though a handle were being turned that had attached it to every nerve in her body, and that they were being spun ofT her and on to a reel, like silk from a cocoon. Her hands contracted on what she held, she could not have let them fall had she willed to relax her gra3p. They stiffened as do the hands of a corpse. She could not cry out, her tongue was paralysed. She could not stir a step forward or backward, all control over her knees was gone from her. When the figure had nearly reached the bottom of the stairs, it stopped and turned its head towards her, and looked at her. The light of the lowered gas jet was on her and off the face of the apparition ; all she saw was black shadow, as all sho had seen of the face of the corpse on the bod had been— a black handkerchief cast over it. But she distinguished the hair, somewhat long behind the ears, and frowzy whiskers about the jaws. That was all she could make out in that moment of acute, agonising horror. The figure stood looking at, her, and she heard the clock in the hall, tick, tick, tick, tick, and then began the premonitory growl that preceded striking. The figure moved down the final steps, and stole in the same stealthy, noiseless manner to tho garden door, and disappeared through it. The look of the back, the sit of the well known overcoat, the way in which the hat' waa worn, all recalled to her Die dear, lost j friend, and yet she knew it could not be. j He would never have inspired her with 1 shuddering dread. He would not have I passed her without n word. In another moment the spell of rigidity 1 was taken off her. The blood rushed tingling through every vein, her hands, her feet, re covered activity, her heart bounded and shook off its fear and her mind recovered its proper energy. She ran after the apparition, and found that the garden door was actually open. In stantly, without further consideration, she shut and locked it, and then flew upstairs and knocked vehemently, loudly, nt Philip Pennycomeqnick's door. He opened it, and was surprised to see Salome on the landing, breathless. " Is your mother worse !" he asked, for he saw that she was shaking and white. " Oh, Mr, Pennycomequick, do tell n)0, Il ——— • ' [Live you hud a man here with you V " I do not understand." "I have seen someone descend the stair3. If he did not come from your study, he issued from tlwt room in which—in which——" she shuddered. " I mean from the spare bedroom." '• No one has been with me." " But he came down the staircase, slowly and silently, like a shadow, and - passed me." " I have seen and heard no one." "And yet, there has been someone in the house." Philip thought, and then said, " Miss Cus worth, your nerves have been over- wrought. You have been imposed on by your imagina tion." " But—the garden door. I found it open. 1 have just locked it. The figure went out through it." " Did you distinguish who it was ?" "No, he came from the best bedroom, wearing dear uncle's—I mean Mr. Penny coincquick's ove-coat and hat." Philip again mused. " All my poor uncle's clothing," he said, after a moment of thought, "all that re mained, the overcoat included, I ordered yesterday to be laid out in the spare chamber. I told your mother to dispose of them as she thought proper. I made no doubt that sho knew of poor persons to whom they would be serviceable." " But 110 poor person would come at this : time of night, and slip out stealthily at the garden door, which ought to be locked 'at half-past nine." " Let us go into the spare room and re assure ourselves," said Philip. "You will find the overcoat there, and then, perhaps, you will come to the same conclusion that I have, that you have been over-worried and over-wrought, and that fancy has conjured up the ghost." He went back into his room for a candle, and Salome, standing alone, with beating heart, on the landing, asked herself whether she had been deluded by her imagination. Philip returned with a candle. He smiled and said, "I remember particularly that great coat. It was laid on the bed, and the hat by it. I went into the room this evening, about half-past eight, and both were there then." He had his hand on the door. " You are not afraid to come in with me?" Salome shook her head. She had begun to hope that she had been a prey to fa.ncy. He opened the door, went in, and held the light over his head. The great coat nnd the hat—were gone. (To be Continued.) 