B E A T R I C E A. NEW AND THRILLING TALE, CHAPTER XVL—[Continued.) •Author of BY EIDER HAGGABD "King Solomon's Mines," etc.) etc., etc. Saint Dunstan made some appropriate —or, rather inappropriate — remark to 'the effect that he hoped Mr. Bingham had made the most of euch unrivalled opportunities, adding, with a deep sigh, -that no lovely yo«">g y . -saved bin Ufe that he l a d might live 6 v for e r ^HOTeotoffrej broke in without much ( •ceremony. To him it seemed a dese- S o n to listen while this pereon was \-- ' ' - about Beatrice. <Well dear," he uaid, addressing his wife "and what have you been doing with yourself all this timei?" •'Mourning for you, Geoffrey, and •SSS oniovine myself We have exceedingly had a delightful in the time have^enot Mr. Dunstan ?Mr. Dunstan has also been staying at the Hall, you know." •< How could it be otherwise when you were there, Lady ^ Honona ?' answered the saint m that staun of —- — gQca men, and which, to tell the truth, jarred on its object, who was after all a lady. "You know, Geoffrey," she went on, "the Garsingtons have re-furnished the l a r g e hall and their drawing-room. It cort eighteen hundred pounds, but the result is lovely. The drawing:room is done in hand-painted white aata, walls and all, and the hall in old oak. "Indeed!" he answered, reflecting the while that Lord Gursington might as well have paid some of his debts 'before he spent eighteen hundred pounds on his drawing-room, furniture. Then the Saint and Lady Honona drifted into a long and animated conversation about their fellow greats, which Geoffrey Bcaroely tried to follow. Indeed the dinner was a dull one for him, and he added little or nothing to the stock of talk. When his wife left the room, however, he had to say something, so they spoke of shooting. The Saint had a redeeming feature — he was somewhat of a sportsman, thoughapoor one, and he described to Geoffrey a new pair of hammerle guns, which he had bought for a trifling sum of a hundred and forty guineas, recommending the pattern to liunotice. "Yes," answered Geoffrey. '1 dare say they are very nice; but, you see, they are beyond me. A poor man cannot afford so much for a pair of gmis." "Oh, if that is all," answered his guest, "I will sell you these; they are a little long in the stock for me, end you can pay me when you like. Or, hang it all, I have plenty of guns. Til be generous and give them to you. If I cannot afford to be generous, I don't know who can!" " Thank you very much, Mr. Dunstan, answered Geoffrey, coldly, but I am not in the habit of accepting suchpresentB from my — acquaintances. Will you have a glass of sherry ¥ — no ? Then shall we join Lady Honoria ?" This speech quite crushed the vulgar but not ill-meaning 8aint, and Geoffrey was sorry for it a moment after he had made it. But he was weary and out of temper. Why did his wife bring such people to the house? Very shortly afterwards their guest took his leave, reflecting that Bingham was a conceited &SB;, and altogether too much for him. And I don't believe that he has got a thousand a year," he reflected to himself, " and the title is his wife's. I suppose that is what he married her for. She's a much better sort than he is, any way, though I don't quite make her out either — one can't go very far with her. But she is the daughter of a peer and worth cultivating, but not when Bingham is at home — not if I know it." "What have you said to Mr. Dunstan to make him go away so soon, Geoffrey?" asked his wife. "Said to him? Oh, I don't know. He offered to give me a pair of guns, and I told him that I did not accept presents from my acquaintances. Beally, Honoria, I do not want to interfere with your way of life, but I do not understand how you can associate with such people as this Mr. Dunstan." "Associate with him!" answered Lady Honoria. "Do you suppose I want to associate with him? Do you suppose that I don't know what the man is? Bat beggars cannot be choosers; he may be a cad, but he has thirty thousand a year, and we simply cannot afford to throw away an ac- quaintance with thirty thousand a year. It is too bad of you, Geoffrey," she went on with rising temper, " when you know all that I must put up with in our miserable poverty-strioken life, to take eveiy opportunity of making yourself disagreeable to the people I think it wise to ask to come and see us. Here am I, returning from comfort to this wretched place, and the first thing that you do is to make a fuBS. Mr. Dunstan has got boxes at several of the best theatres, and he offered to let me have one of them whenever I liked, and now of (burse there is an end of it. It is too bad, I say." "It is really curious, Honoria," said her husband, "to see what obligations you are ready to put yourself under in Bearch of pleasure. It is not dignified of you to accept boxes at theatres from Que gentleman." "Nonsense. There is no obligation about it. If he gave us a box, _ of course he would make a point of looking in during the evening, and then telling his frfond" that it was Lady Honoria Bingham he was speaking to —that is the exchange.. I want to go to the theatre; he wants to get into good society — there you have the thing in a n&ahdL; It is done every day. The of the matter is, Geoffrey," she Went on, looking very much as though she were about to bust into a floodo teat^. "as I said just now — beggars oanridt be-dumms — I cannot live the wife of a banker's clerk. I must have some amusement, and tome comfort, before I become an old woman. If you don't like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, before I was old enough to know better, « r why do you not make enough money to keep me in a way suitable to my position ? "We have argued that question before, Honoria," said Geoffrey, keeping his temper with difficulty, " and now there is another thing I wish to say to you. Do you know that detestable woman, Anne, stopped for more than half an hour at Paddington Station this evening, flirting with a ticket collector, instead of bringing Effie home at once, as I told her to do. I am very angry about it. She is not to be relied on ; we shall have some accident with the child before we have done. Cannot you discharge her and get another nurse?" . i V "No I cannot. She is the one comfort I have. Where am I going to find another woman who can make dresses like Anne —she saves me a hundred a year — I don't care if she flirted with fifty ticket collectors. I suppose you got this story from Effie; the child ought to be whipped for tale bearing, and I dare say that it is not true." " Effie will certainly not be whipped," answered Geoffrey, sternly. "I warn you that it will go very badly with anybody who lays a finger on her." " Oh, very well, ruin the child. Go your own way, Geoffrey. At any rate, I am not going to stop here to listen to any more abuse. Good-night," and she went. Geoffrey sat down and lit a cigarette. " A pleasant home-coming," he thought to himself. " Honoria shall have monpy as much as she can spend — if I kill myself to get it, she shall have it. What a life, what a life! I wonder if Beatrice would treat her husband like this — if she had one." He laughed aloud at the absurdity of the idea, and then, with a gesture of impatience, threw his cigarette into the fire and went to his room to try and get some sleep, for he was thoroughly wearied. CHAPTER XVII. GEOFFBETWXXTB HIS CASE. BEFORE ten o'clock on the following morning, having already spent two ss hours over his brief, that he had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in reaching owing to the thick fog that still hung over London, and indeed all England. To his surprise nothing had been heard either of the Attorney-General or of Mr, Candleton. The solicitors were in despair; but he consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in time, and that a few words would suffice to explain the additional light which had been thrown on the case, He occupied his half hour, however, in making a few rough notes to guide him in the altogether improbable event of his being called on to open, and then went into court. The case was first on the list, and there were a good many counsel engaged on the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expression of dismay, handed Geoffrey a telegram which had that moment arrived from Mr. Candleton. It was dated from Calais on the previous night, and ran, "Am unable to cross on account of thick fog. You had better get somebody else in Parsons and Douse." " And we haven't got another brief prepared," said the agonized solicitor. " What is more, I can hear nothing of the Attorney-General, and bis clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr. Bingham ; you can't manage the case alone." "Very well," said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the circumstances of the court. But the court was crusty. It had got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didn't seem to see it. Moreover the other side, marking its advantage, objected strongly. The witnesses, brought at great expense were there; his Lordship was there, the jury was there; if this case was not taken there was no other with whioh they could go on, &a.;, &c.; The court took the same view, and lectured Geoffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court remembered, when it was at die Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moment's notice, and though things had, it implied, no doubt deteriorated to a considerable extent since those palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do BO on emergency. Of course, however, if he, Geoffrey, a told the court that he was absolutely unprepared to go on with the case, it would have no option but to grant an adjournment. " I am perfectly prepared to go on with it, my lord," Geoffrey interposed calmly. Very well," said the court in a mollified tone, " then go on! I have no doubt that the learned Attorney General will arrive presently." Then, as is not unusual in a probate suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that this light clearly lay with him, and the opposing counsel raised no great ob jection, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, somewhat to the horror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney General, -and the unrivalled experience and finesseof Mr. Candleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the case tor the defendants, propounding the first will. He case without fear or hesitation, and with but one mayor in his heart, that no untimely Attorney-General would put in an appearance. He had f got his dance, the chance for which able men have to wait long yean, knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many good speakers are, subject to fits of nervousness, and he was, moreover, thoroughly master of his case. In five minutes judge, jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention; in ten they were absorbed in the lucid and succinct statement of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at first received with a smile, but presently counsel on the other side ceased to smile and began "to look uneasy. If he could prove what he said, there was an end of their case. When he had been speaking for about forty minutes one of the opposing counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that moment he noticed that the Attorney-General's clerk was talking to the solicitor beneath him. " Bother it, he is coming," thought Geoffrey. . But no, the solicitor bending forward informed him that the Attorney-General had been unavoidably detained by some important Government matter, and had returned his brief. " Well, we must get on as we can," Geoffrey said. " If yon continue like that we shall get on very well," whisperedthesolicitor, and then Geoffrey knew that he was doing well. " Yes, Mr, Bingham!" said his Lordship. Then Geoffrey went on with his statement. At lunch time it was a question whether another leader should be briefed. Geoffrey said that so far as he was concerned he could get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to " take a note " for him while he was speaking. After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to brief fresh counsel at this stage of the cause, but to leave it entirely in bis hands. It would be useless to follow the details of this remarkable will suit, which lasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it, and won it triumphantly. His address to the jury on the whole case was long remembered in the courts, rising as it did to a very high level of forsenic eloquence. Pew who saw it ever forgot the sight of his handsome face and commanding presence as he crushed the case of his opponents like an eggshell, and then with calm and overwhelming force denounced the woman who with her lover had concocted the cruel plot that robbed her uncle of life and her cousins of their property, till at the last, pointing towards her with outstretched hand, he branded her to the jury as a murderess. Few in that crowded court have forgotten the tragic scene that followed, when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accuser's brilliant invective, rose from her seat and cried: " We did it — it is true that we did it to get the money, but we did not mean to frighten him to death," and then fell fainting to the ground — or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down: " My lord and gentlemen of the jury, I do not think it necessary to carry my case any further." There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impreasion made both upon the court and the outside public, to whom such a scene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion about the matter. He had no conceit in hiB composition, but neither had he any false modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really powerful men do accept such events — with thankfulness, but without surprise. He had got his chance at lost, and like any other able man, whatever his walk of life, he had risen to it. That was all. Most men get Buch chances in some shape or form, and are unable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the exceptions; as Beatrice had said, he was born to succeed. As he sat down, he knew that he was a made man. And yet while he walked home that night, his ears still full of the congratulations which had rained in on him from every quarter, he was conscious of a certain pride. He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whose lot it has been to fight long and strenuously against circumstances so adverse as to be almost overwhelming, blowing in his heart that he was born to lead and not to follow; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to help, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in bursting a road through the difficulties which hemmed him in, and has suddenly found himself, not bove competition indeed, but still in a josition to meet it. He will not have jeentoo proud of that endeavour; it will have seemed but a little thing _ to him a thing full of faults and imperfections. and falling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached, too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibre, he must remember how small it is, when all is said and done; that even in his day there are those who can beat film on his own ground; and also that all worldy success, like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years lifted him to an eminence whence he can climb on and on, scarcely encumbered by the jostling crowd; till at length, worn out, the time comes for him to fall. So Geoffrey thought and felt The ing was to be done, and he had done it. Honoria should hare money now; ghe should no longer be able to twit him with their poverty. Yes, and a better thought still, Beatrice would be glad tohear of his little triumph. He reached home rawer late. Honoria was going out to dinner with distinguished cousin, and was already dreesing. Geoffrey had declined the invitation, which was a short one, because he did not think that he would be back from chambers in time to avail . - jjVf of it. In his enthusiasm, he went to his wife's room to howevev ^e event te"WeU»a^eBaid ' " w h a t J™ S r r f c S U ^ f t ? T ? much by myself. Oh„ * « J ° 8 course you are in that case. f o r o t f "Yes — that is; I was. I>ve won the case. Here is a very fair te? it in the 8t. Jamet'i Gazette if you ca/ on read it." e 1 0 " Good heavens, Geoffrey! How can you expect me to read all that stuff when I am dressing?" " I don't expect you to, Honoria ; only, as I say, I have won the case, and I shall get plenty of work now." "Will you? I am glad to hear it; perhaps we shall be able to escape from this horrid flat if you do. There, Anne ? Je vous l'ai bien dit, cette robe ne me va pas bien." " Mais, milady, la robe va parfaite ment " "That is your opinion," grumbled Lady Honoria. " Well, it isn't mine. But it will have to do. Good-night, Geoffrey; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back," and she was gone. Geoffrey picked up his St. James'* Gazette with a sigh. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for his pains. Lady Honoria was not a sympathetic person; it was not fair to expect it from her. Still he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Effie her prayers. " Where has you been, daddy ?—to the Smoky Town? The Temple was euphemistically known to Effie as the Smoky Town. Yes, dear." " You go to the Smoky Town to make bread and butter, don't you, daddy?" "Yes, dear, to make bread and butter." And did you make any, daddy ?" Yes, Effie, a good deal, to- day." Then where is it ? In your pocket?" " No, love, not exactly. I won a big lawsuit to-day, and I shall get a great mauy pennies for it." " Oh," answered Effie meditatively, " I am glad that you did win, daddy. You do like to win, doesn't you, \daddy dear?" " Yes, Love." "Then I will give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win," and she suited the action to the word. Geoffrey went from the little room with a softened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wrote a long letter to Beatrice, telling her all about the trial, and not sparing her his reasons for adopting each particular tactic and line of argument which conduced to the great result. And though his letter was four sheets in length, he knew that Beatrice would not be bored at having to read it. CHAPTER XVII. THE BIEINO STAB. As might be expected, the memorable case of Parsons and Douse proved the turning point in Geoffrey's career, which was thenceforward one of brilliant and startling success. On the very next morning when he reached his chambers it was to find three heavy briefs awaiting him, and they proved to be but the heralds of an uninterrupted flow of lucrative business. Of course, he was not a Queen's Counsel, but now that his great natural powers of advocacy had become generally known, solicitors frequently employed him alone, or gave him another junior, so that he might bring those powers to bear upon juries. Now it was, too, that Geoffrey reaped the fruits of the arduous legal studies which he had followed without cessation from the time when he found himself thrown upon his own resources, and which had made a sound lawyer of him as well as a brilliant and effective advocate. Soon, even with his great capacity for wprk, he had as much business as he could attend to. When fortune gives good gifts, she generally does so with a lavish hand. Thus it came to pasB that, about three weeks after the trial of Parsons and Douse, Geoffrey's uncle, the_ solicitor, died, and to his surprise left him twenty thousand pounds, " believing," he said in his will, which was dated three days before the testator's death, "that this sum will assist him to rise to the head of his profession." (To be Continued.) 