HALLUCINATION. You ask me why I am going to marry ? I can scarcely dare confess to you the strange and inconceivable reason which urges me to this insane course. I am going to marry in order not to be alone. I do not know how to tell it—how to make myself understood. You will pity me and yoii will despise me when yoii know in what a wretched state -of mind I am. _ I do riot , want to be alone any more— at night. 1 want to feel sOihe being near me, close to me, a being that can speak, say something, no matter what. I want to be able to rouse that. being from sleep, to be able to ask that being any question sud denly—even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited—so that I can know that a mind is awake, that a reasoning power is at work—so that, if I suddenly light my candle, I ■ can see a human face beside" me—because—because (how dare I avow my shame ?)—because I am afraid when I am by myself! Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any danger. If a man : were to come in I would kill him without a shudder. I have no fear of ghosts; I do riot believe in the supernatural. I am not afraid of the dead; I believe in the total annihilation of every human being that passes away. Then ? Yes, then! Well, I am afraid of myself! I am afraid of being afraid; afraid of the'mental spasms that are driving me mad; afraid of the horrible sense of incom prehensible terror. Laugh if you please! It is hideous; it is incurable. I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar objects which seem to me to become ani mated with a -sort of animal life. Above all, I am' afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reasoii which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. ' First I feel a vague disquiet that passes I in to my mind and makes all my flesh creep. I look around me. Nothing! And I feel a need of something. Of what ? Something incomprehensible. Then I become afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. " I speak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frightened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in any of those places. I turn around suddenly because I am afraid of what is behind me,' although there is nothing behind me, and I know it. j I am nervous; I feel the scare growing upon me, and I lock myself into my room, and bury myself in bed, and hide my head ] under the bedclothes, and, cowering there, I shut my eyes in desperation, and thus ■ remain for a seemingly infinite length of | time, oppressed by the thought that my j candle is still burning on the little table beside the bed, and that I should really blow it out. ■ And yet I dare not! Is it not fright fill to be in such a con dition ? There was a time when I never felt. this way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm. 1 went out and came in without anything to trouble the serenity of my mind. If I had then been told what a stupid and terrible disease of fear—of in credible fear—would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. I used to open the doors in the dark with perfect confidence; I used to make my pre parations for going to bed quietly, without even bolting myself in, and I never thought of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all the entrances to my room were strongly secured. ! The trouble began last year in a singular way. It was in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When my housekeeper had taken her departure, after I had dined, I asked myself what I was going to do. For some tame I walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed, incapable of doing any work, lacking even the mental force to read. A fine rain was moistening the window panes; I was melan choly, all permeated by one of those cause less attacks of despondency which make you feel inclined to cry—which make am an want to talk to somebody or anybody in order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. ■ I felt lonesome. Never before did my dwelling seem so empty! An infinite and heart-sickening solitude surrounded me. What was I to do? I sat down. Then a nervousimpatience" seemed to pass into my legs, I got up and began to walk again. Perhaps I was also a little feverish, for my hands,- clasped behind my back, seemed to burn one another when they touched. Then a sudden cold shudder ran down my hack. I thought that the outside dampness was' entering the room, and it occurred to 'me that it would be well to light a fife. I lit it, and 1 sat down once more, watching the flame.. But soon the impossibility of re maining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I felt that I would have to go out somewhere, to stir myself,, to find afriend. - I went out. First I visited the houses of ] three different friends, no one of whom was ! at home; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to find some acquaintance or other. It was dismal everywhere. The wet side walks were shining. A watery lukewarm- j ness—one of those lukewarmnesses which nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers j —seemed to bear down over the whole street and to make the gas jets burn wearily and dim. ' ' I walked along sluggishly, saying over and over again to myself, " I won't find any body to talk to." Several times I looked into all the cafes between La Madeleine and the Faubourg Poissonniere. Only miserable looking people, who did riot seem to have even vim enough to finish what they had ordered, were sitting at the tables. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way home. I" was quite calm, but very tired. My concierge, who always goes to bed before eleven o'clock, opened the door for me at once,. contrary to his usual habit; and I thought to myself, " Hello! some other lodger must have just gone upstairs." Whenever I go out I always double lock my door! This time I found it simply pulled to, and the fact impressed me. I thought that perhaps some letters might, have been brought up-stairs during tire evening. I went in. My fire was still burning, even briglitly enough to light up the apartment. I took the candle in order to kindle it at the grate, when, as I looked j right before me, I saw some one sitt.mg"ln j my easy-chair, with his back turned to me, apparently warming his feet at the fire. 1 was not startled at all—not the least in the world. A very natural supposition occured to me, namely, that one of my fiiends had come to pay me a visit. The concierge, to whom I had given instructions when I went out, had naturally told the visitor that I would soon be back, and had lent him his own key. My friend, whose hair alone I could see over the hack of the chair, had evidently dropped asleep while waiting for my re turn, and I proceeded to wake him up. I then got a distinct view of him. His right arm hung down; his feet were crossed one over the other, and the way his head drooped a little to the left of the arm-ehair, showed plainly enough that he was asleep. I asked myself," Who is it ? " The light in the room was not strong enough to see per fectly by. I put out my hand to touch his shoulder. My hand touched only the wood of the chair! Nobody was there! The chair was empty! Mercy! what a shock it gave me. First I leaped back as if some terrible peril had I made itself visible. Then I turned round, feeling that somebody was behind me; then, almost as quickly, ail imperative desire to look at that chair again made me whirl ] around a second time, and I stood there j panting with fear, so bewildered as to be ] incapable of thinking—on the very point of falling, But I am by nature a cool man, and my self-possession soon returned. I thought to myself, " I have just had an hallucination— I that is all!" And I immediately began to I reflect on the phenomenon. In such i moments the mind operates rapidly. i 1 had had an hallucination—that was an 1 incontestable fact. Now my mind had all the time remained clear, j:>erfomiing its ! functions regularly and logically. There was consequently no affection of the brain. The eyes alone had been deluded, and had deluded my imagination. The eyes had a vision—one of those visions that make simple minded folk believe in miracles. It | was 6imply a nervous accident to the optical apparatus—nothing more; perhaps there j was a slight congestion. I I lighted my candle. As I bent down over the fire I found myself trembling, and I drew myself up again with a sudden start, £s if some one had touched me from behiuu. Certainly my nerves Were out of order. I walked to and fro for a little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few airs. Then I double-locked the door of my room, and began to feel somewhat reassured. At all events, nobody could get in. Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put out my light and went to bed. For a few minutes everything seamed all right. I remained lying quietly on my back. Then I felt an irresistible desire to look at my room, and I turned over on my side. My fire held only, two or three , red embers, which barelyligiited the legs of the chair; and I thought I saw the man sit ting there again. I struck a match quickly; but I had been mistaken—I could see noth ing. Nevertheless, I got up, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed. Then I made everything dark again, and tried to go to sleep. * I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than five minutes, when 1" saW in a dream, and as j distinct as reality itself, the whole incident of that evening. I. awoke in terror, and after striking a-light, sat up in bed without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon me for a few moments, in spite of myself. Twice I saw the same thing. 'I thought I had actually gone mad! When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, and took a peaceful sleep until mid day. It had passed—entirely passed. I had had a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort. I had been sick. Nevertheless, | I thought myself Very much of a fooL That day I was quite jolly. I dined at the cabaret, went to the theatre, and then started for home. But, as I drew near my house, a strange feeling of uneasineis-took ' possession of me. I was afraid of seeing 1 him affain — him! Not afraid nf him i him again —him! Not afraid of him exactly — not afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, hut afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that would come upon me. For more than an hour I walked up and down the sidewalk. Then at last I decided that this was absolute folly, and I went in. I panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. I plunged my key into the lock; I rushed forward with a lighted candle in my hand; I kicked in the un fastened door of the room, and threw one terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw nothing. Ah! what a relief! What a joy! What a deliverance! I went to and fro with a swaggering air. But still I did not feel perfectly comfortable. I would turn round by fits and starts to look behind me; the darkness in the corners of the room frightened me." I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my rest by imaginary noises. But 1 never saw him. No—that was all over. liver since that day I have been afraid to he alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me—tlie vision! It-did not make its appearance again—oh, no! And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, because I keep all the time thinking about it. One arm was hanging down on the right side; his head dropped a little to the left, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to think any more about it. And still, what is this feeling of being haunted? Why does it persist in this way ? His feet were close to the fire. He haunts me; it is madness, but it is so! Who is he? I know perfectly well that lie does not exist—that it is nothing whatever, He only exists in my apprehen sion, in my fear, in my anguish. That's enough. Yes, but it's no use for me to reason with myself about it—no use to try to brace up against it; I can't remain alone at home any more, because be is there! I know I won't see him any more; he won't show himself again. But he is there all the same, in my thoughts. Because he remains invisible, it does not follow that he is not there! He is behind the doors, in the arm chair, and under the' bed—in all the dark corners, in all the shadows. If I stir the door ever so gently so that it creaks upon its hinges, if I open my armoire, if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon the comers, upon the shadows, he is not there, but I feel him behind me! I turn round, certain all the while that I am not going to see him. that I shall not see liim again. He is behind still for all that it is stupid and atrocious! What would would you have me do ? But if there were two of us together at home, I feel perfectly sure lie would not be there any more. He is there because I am alone. 