NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. It is reported that two Japanese warships— the Kongo and Hiei—will probably call at Sydney shortly. A Balranald correspondent states that in the back country rabbits are dying in numbers because of want of feed and water. A strange death of a child near Kiama is reported. The shock ot seeing " a ghost" in a juvenile game brought on paralysis which ended fatally. A 6ad case of burning occurred at Qonlburn. A young girl named Lirge was lighting a fire with kerosene when ber clothes ignited, and ehe received such injuries that she died shortly afterwards. Mr. Hassall, M.L.A., last week explained to a meeting cf his supporters at Moree his action in Parliament with regard to the Land Act lately passed, and also epoke upon political subjects generally. A strange death is reported at Like Macquarie. A man named Drennan was endeavoring to climb into an outbuilding, wben part of the window frame fell upon his neck and caused strangulation. Annie Gardiner, of Sydney, being tired of gaol, adopted male attire and worked hard as a navvy with pick and shovel. But the police managed to find her, and the City Bench gave her a fortnight on general principles. According to a message in a bottle, found at the Heads at Wellington, all the crew of the County of Canarvon had been washed overboard, with the exception ot three, " who did not expect to survive an hour as the vessel was sinking." A railway accident is reported from Goulburn. A train, with the exception of the engine and tender, was thrown off the rails ; axles and wheels were broken, and considerable damage was done to the rolling-stock generally, but no serious injury resulted to the passengers. The Jerilderte Herald has an article on the urgent necessity of constructing irrigation canals through Biverina. It might (our contemporary points out) prevent millions of pounds from being lost by drought, and lessen the riBk of grass fires sweeping from the Murray to the Murruinbidgee, as the canals would break the course of the flames. On 18th ult. Mrs. Granger, over 60 years old, wife of Captain Granger, of Fountaindale, committed suicide by hanging herself in her room. She was discovered before lile was extinct, and the body was immediately cut down, but the unfortunate woman expired a few minutes afterwards. For some years Mre. Granger had suffered from melancholia, and she doubtless committed the fatal act while in a state of temporary insanity. There ie> nothing more awe-inspiring than the pluck of absolute ignorance. Five young gentlemen all "totally inexperienced in the management of a boat," and one at leaBt unable to swim, took a sailing boat and went for a sail in Sydney harbor. Of course they capsized, and equally of course were rescued. If they had been skilful boatmen they might have capsized, but the chances of their rescue would have beeii very faint. A lad named George Busby, 18 years of age, residing with his parents at 144 Georgestreet, Waterloo, was diowned off tbe Bulli beach last week. He, in company with his father, was spending tbe holidays at Bulli, and was taking a sea bath in the sight of his parent when the accident occurred. The sad affair seems altogether unaccountable, as the sea was beautifully calm and there being only 4ft. ot water where the unfortunate lad lost his life. In an Iilawarra paper we learn some incidents of pablichouse life in that district. A new inn has been opened in some little known place, and now, it is said, with much honest and cordial satisfaction, "the residents can live in peace, and shake hands that the proverbial long-felt want has now been supplied, where one can enjoy his social glass without uncalled-for interference, where cricket bats and broomsticks will not be required, and where intolerance, arrogatca, and officiousneBs will have no quarter." Sir Henry Parkes has received a letter from Mr. Morehead, to the effect that the subject of the place of meeting of the proposed Federal Convention had been considered by the members of the Ministry of Queensland, and they had expressed themselves in favor of Melbourne being accorded that honor. Sir Henry Parkes is anxious to bricg about the federation of the colonies, and with a view to securing that result he will readily fall ID with the proposal to have the conference held in Melbourne, should a mrj >rity of tbe colonies indicate that they desire tbe gathering to be held there. The Government resident at Port Darwin has telegraphed that the crew of tbe cutter Isabel, of Cooktown, have been murdered by natives at the island of Addi, off tbe coast of New Guinea. The Isabel went there early in August last, and Captain Strachan, of tbe ketch Eavy, who returned to Palmerpton on Saturday from New Gainea, states he had seen in the large native boats iron, washing Utensils, knives, forge?, European rope, and canvas sail?, for which tbe nan pes could not account. Ciptain Strachan is certain that tbe crew were surprised aud murdered, and the cutter stripped and sunk. The duties of the medical man who has professional charge of an up-country hospital are rather varied In natare. Thus tbe benevolent medico at Yass Hospital had a patient of the age of 70 years who was suffering, according to his own opinion, from the presence of a particularly active snake where his (the patient's) stomach ought to be. "In tbe interests of science, a blister was placed on Bloomer's abdomen as he peacefully slumbered. When he awoke the blister was removed, and the dead snake shown to him, which be did not doubt was tbe one that bad troubled him for so long a period." We take from tbe London iftonomtsf a letter by an ex-member of '.he Legislative Assembly on the "Borrowing Mania in New South Wales." Tbe writer states that the strong demands now being made by a large majority of our people for loans and loan-constructed works Bbow that neither past experience nor warnings have had any beneficial effect in convincing them that loans should be mainly confined to reproductive works. Ou the contrary, the desire for loans is stronger than ever, and payment for a variety of things is now frealy charged to loans that would not have been tolerated 10 years back. We (Balranald Recorder) are pleased to notice that tbe opening of the railway from Kerang to Swan Hill is attracting traffic through this town. The public are becoming alive to the fact that the shortest and most convenient route to Melbourne from tbe back country is via Balranald, and on Monday last a large party from tbe Ivanhoe district arrived here en route for Victoria. Messrs. James and Gard were the first to give the new route a start, and we have no doubt that many more of our Ivanhoe friends will shortly follow suit. Travellers can now reach Swan Hill comfortably in the one day, and from that point they have the train at their command to any portion of Victoria. As might be expected, several complaints have been made as to the obvious consequences ot the working of the new Land Act. For instance, the following comes from Parkes (not the Premier, but the district):—" Among the many good provisions of tbiB Act, there is one which should have gone a little farther. That is the one providing for children to live with their parents. It should also have provided for sisters to live with brothers, or minors who may be orphans to live with near relatives where their lands adjoin. This should be attended to at once. No barm will be done; and a great injustice to several parties deserving of consideration in this district will be removed." It is understood that Peter Kemp, tbe Hawkesbury sculler, who has claimed the championship, is agreeable to measure blades with either M'Lean or Neil Matterson three weeks after the date of their race. As both these Ecullers are speedy and are improving in pace, a race between either ot them and the Hawkesbury oarsman would create a great deal of interest. There is a probability—indeed it is almost certain—that such a contest will be witnessed on the Parramatta championship course some time in April. At the present time Kemp is residing at his home on the Colo, where he and James Stansbury, the pjomieing young Shoalhaven sculler, occasionally do a little rowing on the river. The Bev. J. B. Gribble, missionary to the aborigines, has recently paid an official visit to the Brungle camp of aborigines, situated about 12 miles from Gundagai, and reports that matters ere as unsatisfactory as they could be. The appointment of a teacher and manager was promised over six months ago, tbere being a pressing necessity lor Euch an officer. The neighboring farmers complain of tbe encroachment of tbe blacks. Mr. Gribble's opinion is that the Government should either make proper provision for the conduct of the camp on dccent line?, or remove the whole colony, numbering about 100 blscks. They complain bitterly of tbe flour supplied them by the Government as being unfit for u?e. An interesting point aB to the liability of a banker came before the Supreme Court recently. It wilt be remembered that the Registrar-General's department was defrauded by a falsely-initialled pass-book, which purported to state that certain moneys had been paid in to the registrar's credit whereas the money had really been embt zzled. At the end of every week the registrar drew a chcque for the amount so said to have been paid in and handed it over to the Treasury. The bank (the London Chartered) honored these cheques until tbe overdraft amounted to £6000. Then the fraud was discovered. The question now is, who is to bear the loss—the bank, thereg'strar, or the Government? An action WBB brought by the bank against the C.ilonial Treasurer to recover the whole amount, and a verdict was entered lor tbe plaintiff by consent with leave reserved to defendant, to move the Full Court to enter a verdict for the defendant. It will be remembered that in the beginning of Oitober last a plague of moths visited Sydney and so completely eat up the bee food that at one bee farm 7001b. ot honey had to be given to the bees to keep them alive. A similar account comes from Port Stephens. One keeper there lost 200 hives from this ciuse. At the close of the visitation there the sea washed np the dead moths inches deep on some parts of the beach. On the 6;h October a cloud of these moths settled on the Rebecca when eff Green Cape. They quite darkened the atmosphere as tbey approached, and crowded into every nook and corner when they rested. Even the lamps were put out by these peats, and all the sails were blackened by the multitudes that crawled over them. At Kiama, we are told, they were so numerous that school work was almost stopped by the time taken to remove the dead mothB. If it be remembered that at least 250 miles of our coast was infested by these moths at the same time some idea ot the magnitude of the storm may be obtained. Considerable surprise is expressed at Forbes at tbe action of the Government in throwing open upwards of 7000 acres of land less than four miles from Forbes, between Forbes and Parkes. This area forms portion of a goldfield reserve between the towns named, and consists of Bplendid agricultural land. On the 2nd instant, according to Gazette notice, it will be open for selection in the ordinary way. Public feeling is strongly againBt such a course, and favours the withdrawal of tbe existing new notice and the offer of the land in special areas. Last year a similar course was adopted at Wongajong, and within a few weeks reserves of 4000 acreB were taken up in special areas, and numerous families are now settled there. It is estimated that the portion of the reserve in question would shortly have 50 families settled on it, whereas under the existing notice the whole might fall into the hands of three men. The municipal^ council strongly protest against such revocation, and decided to urge on the Minister to withdraw the present notice and offer the land for occupation as special areas, otherwise a serioas injustice would be done. A decision of Judge Fitzhardinge iB of some importance. In the appeal case of Kurth v. Ryan, his Honor held that possession by a tenant could not be said to be an occupation, in the legal sense of the Mining Act, by a holder. And in taking this view of the case the judge upheld the appeal made against the Warden's decision, and tbe appellant was therefore placed in possession of the land. As it has been well pointed out by a contemporary, this decision cuts two ways. Either it compels a man who carries on business 1 in mining premises to reside thereon, or it leaveB the ground open to indiscriminate "jumping." And there is a third position, which is that no man can hold under this decision more than one business site. He cannot reside on each, and he must not employ a tenant. We should be inclined to doubt the soundness ot the judge's law were ft not that the whole of the Mining Acts are in such confusion that nobody can possibly know exactly whether they mean what they Bay, or say what they mean. There are, however, more cases to be tried, which will, perhaps, better test the real effect of the law relative to business sites. The Cootamundra Herald says:—" The new crop is coming in from all quarters, and dealers in it are at their wits' ends to provide store room. Messrs. Matthews Brothers bad a telegram on Monday telling them to ease off in the quantity they were sending. Tbe crop this year is estimated by men competent to judge at three times the amount ever yet harvested in the colony, and it is confidently expected that the supply will more than meet the home consumption. It will be well for our farmers to hold back their wheat for a time, as sending it to market in such quantities as to over-crowd the room at the disposal of dealers for storage, and thus causing them inconvenience, will tend to reduce the price likely to be obtained for it. There is considerable difficulty in getting the wheat away from Adelaide, as the shipping coming to port is not sufficient to carry it away to the adjoining colonies. The amount of wheat coming into the Coolamon railway station is said to be enormous, indeed is expected to something like equal the amount sent from here. An additional reason for keeping back the wheat for a time is that the rates for freight in February will be lower." An experiment was made the other day at Rockhampton with apparently highly satisfactory reBults, with Sergeants' and Northcote'e "safety rein," which is alleged to be a certain check against the vagaries of <! bolting," and otherwise vicious and refractory horses (says the Pastoralist) The devise IB simple enough, as it simply consists of attaching a rein to the crupper and running it through rings on both sides of the belly- band, and on the nose-band, passing it thence into the driver's hands. It does not interfere in the least with tbe freedom of tbe animal's action, bat the instant it shows 6igns of kicking or bolting or rearing, or in any way "going to market," the rein is tightened, and the horse is brought up "all standing." At Bockhampton some of the most vicious^horses were bBrneBBed up, and in no single instance did the appliance fail to instantly control l hem. We should very much like some of our country readers to try this plan and give us their opinion about it. If it is as effective as we are advised it has proved itself, a great safeguard can lie provided against accidents so common, unfortunately, when ladies get a nasty tempered horse in a vehicle, especially as mo6t of them lose their presence of mind and nerve when they get into trouble with a " kicker" or a " bolter." The arr«ngements in progress bttween the Colonial Treasurer and the banks are approaching completion. -First of all, tbe Treasurer declines to recognise the banks known as the "associated banks" as a body, bat deals with each bank of the association, or with any other bank if advisable, as an individual company in very mcch the same way ae a large business firm would r< gard banking institutions, whether it had money to lend them or money to borrow from them. 3-coodly, there is to be no immediate disturliance of the bulk of the amount of Government deposits. These deposit?, as was sbowu in tbe Herald of December 7, amounted to over £1,500,000 on December 30, and bad not materially changed since. Under the new arrangement the Treasurer re-deposits with the banks a sum of £1,000,000 bearing 4 per cent interest, the deposits being generally speaking in proportion to the balances held by the several institutions. This deposit of £1 000 000 is divided into sums of £10,000, and these sums of £10,000 are made re-payable at periods ranging from 8ix months to 16 months. The Treasurer is thus enabled to use the money as the several deposits of £10 000 fall due, or re-deposit them if he have no need of the money. A considerable sum of money remains on a floating account, which can be used as required until the deposits commence to fall due. The Royal Society of New South Wales is making a praiseworthy effort to induce and stimulate original scientific research into the meteorological, mineralogical, geological, and zoological characteristics and peculiarities of Australasia. The means adopted to attain this end are, however, of such a character as to offer little inducement to any but scientific enthusiasts, by whom the society's medal will be regarded as a sufficient reward for an expenditure of time, energy, and brains, which is worth a very handsome sum in hard cash. The society offers nine prizes of £25 each, with its medal added, for the best essay containing the results of the author's original researches or observations upon as many subjects. No award will be made for a mere compilation, however clever; the competition is open to all the world, except members of the society's council; the successful papers will be published in its annual " proceedings," and the authors will each receive 50 reprint copteB. The competition is to extend over three years, three suVjectB being dealt with in each, and each year competitors must send in their "copy" not later than let May. The subjects for 1890 are :—The influence of Australian climate (local and general) on the development and modification of disease ; the silver ore deposits of New South Wales ; and tbe occurrence of precious stones in New South WaleB, with a description of the deposits in which they are found. 