THE EARL OF ZETLAND.-rXClTING INCIDENT. I The British ship Earl of Zetland, 1461 tons register, of , Glasgow, bound from Java ports to San Francisco with a cargo of sugar, left Batavia on the 6th ultimo, and after calling at Sourabaya a and Pi obstinate, stood out towards the ThE. On September 22, says a Singapore paper, being then about 14 miles N. E. of Horsburg light, the captain showed signs of madness, which quickly increased He acted most violently. Bring guns, trying to kill the men, tearing up the charts and pitching them overboard, and otherwise behaving dangerously. On September 23 the third mate left In a lifeboat for Singapore for assistance. He was picked up about 7.30 am. by the Schwabe and brought on. he had a letter from the chief officer to the master attendant informing him of the state of affairs The tug Bangkok was sent out at daylight to tow the vessel to Singapore, as she is now helpless. The mate also reported two deaths from Java fever since leaving land, and all on board ill with the same disease The Earl of Zetland was i built at Dumbarton in 1873, and is owned by J R. Menzies and Co., of Edinburgh. The captain's name is Cunningham. _ THE KWEl YsNG. The steamer Kwei Tang has come down here for a cargo of Westport coal. Built to carry from 2000 to 2500 tons of coal on a draught of 16ft and fitted with twin screws, she is just the vessel for the West Coast harbours. For years her agents have been trying hard to get a trade established, West tar export of Westport coal to Chinese ports means to the colony, we need no ghost to tell us (says a Wellington exchange of the 10th Instant). And yet the steamer being here can scarcely get coal enough to take her out of the country. Neither her owners nor her agents have any quarrel with anybody. On their side the miners have no favorite with any living creature But the boycott has been ordered on account of someone y else's quarrel, and the trade of the country is exposed to 'serious damage. It is an Instance of the absurdity of the boycott ; an example among many of the serious consequences of the extreme measures" we have heard a great deal too much about of late THE PERSIAN. Ore of Clark's Uno of Chins, the Persian, in command of Captain Bowden, last beer In the Charlotte Croom, arrived . from Liverpool yesterday with a large general cargo. She left the docks on the 29th June, and the Mersey next day Moderate to light westerly winds prevailed at the outlet of the voyage, and were succeeded by very light and battling airs to the N.E. trades. They were most indifferent, and gave out in 13' N. Thence a tedious experience to the Equator, crossed in 20' W., on August 8\. Moderate S.E. trades were taken to 19- 8., and were followed by the usual variable winds between N.E. and SE . On the 21st August the first heavy gale of em ENE. was encountered, and again a week later a heavy gale from W.S.W. to W. After a few intervening spells of S.E. weather, the westerly winds were carried to the Cape of Good Hope on September 7, In 40.57 B. Tbol.ngitude was run down In from 5s to 42 8., with generally heavy weather and frequent strong gales from the westward. On the 22nd September the ship was hove to in a furious gale from N.W. to YENAN. and W.S. Large quantities of water broke aboard during the storm, and the ship I ' laboured and strained very much. A repetition of bad weather was fallen in with on September 30 and Octeb -1, ' I from W.N.W. to K.W with a frightful swarming. During I 1 this form a vicious sea broke aboard, and swept the decks fore and aft. Several of a. stanchion beads on portend starboard sides In the wake of the. main rigging were started before the lads took the. Cape Nelson was abeam on October 8, and from there northerly and westerly weather has prevailed both in the Streets and up the coast. The Fenian is to the care of Messrs. Mason Brothers., Limited, She has arrived in port in particularly good order, showing no signs of the mischievous weather She came through crossing the Southern Ocean. It is not likely the final will go on the berth here for wool loading for London. 