GUMERACHA. AND ITS ENVIRONS. [By Xenien.] Gumeracha, or as it was originally spelt, Gumeraka, is a name the origin of which it is somewhat difficult to trace, although it is stated to be of aboriginal derivation. it also bears the appearance, however, of being a rather uncouth combination of a familiar English word and a common native termina- tion. Charles Kingsley once suggested that it should be declared to be illegal to form a word from more than three languages; as a rule an absolutely undivided source is preferable. It may further be said parenthetically that names of towns taken from an aboriginal dialect are, generally speaking, superior to those derived from the English tongue. Wooloo- moolloo is far more imposing than Jamestown or Georgetown, and the resources of a lan- guage which contains such a word as moongoo- roongerer to represent the mosquito ????? of no question. To be scrupulously statistical, Gumeracha is 23 miles fiom Adelaide and has over 300 in habitants, for whose benefit there are pro- vided a post office and telegraph station, an institute, a schoolhouse, two banks, two hotels, and two churches. It is, to a great extent, a village rather than a township. With the latter one associates a certain newness which is not so much akin to the freshness of youthful beauty as to that of wet paint. The architecture in a townshgip is, moreover, preten- tious rather than pleasing. One is quite pre- pared to admit that the modern viila consider- ably excels the older cottage in such matters as light and ventilation, but paradoxical much a statement may appear, it is doubt- ful whether the former can claim superiority as regard true comfort or that which is really homelike. Gummeracha consists of cottages mote than of villas, of leafy lanes more than of streets, of gorse and wild rose hedgerows more than of picket fences. It is in the gardens of such a village that one can still see some of those old- fashioned flowers which are not so much cultivated as they deserve to be. Perdita's saying that gardening is "an art which does mend natare—change it rather; but the art itself is nature" has become a trifle hackneyed, and unfortunately it is also not invariably true. One florist has often transformed blossoms naturally insignifcant into flowers of rare beauty, but on the other hand he has not infrequently sacrificed to gaudi- ness of hue and phenomenal size deli- cacy of tint and grace of form. Single flowers are mostly preferable to doubles, and the nearer we approach to the original type the truer is the floral excellence. Few trees are more beautiful when in bloom than the hawthorn. It is a plant of many traditions, and acoording to a writer in the Quarterly Review " both in Brittany and in some parts of Ireland it is held unsafe to gather even a leaf from certain old and solitary thorns which grow in sheltered hollows of the moorland, and are the fairies' trysting- places. But no evil ghost dares to approach the white thorn." Culpepper, the old herbalist, gravely states that "if cloths and sponges be wet in the distilled water of the flower, and applied to any place wherein thorns and splinters, or the like, do abide in the flesh it will notably draw them forth." The wallflower was a favorite of the troubadours in mediaeval times, and its fragrancy merits the same popularity now as then. The periwinkle is a somewhat homely blossom, but for those who, with Whittier, love " the things that are old" it has a certain attractiveness. The primrose has an exquisite grace and a chastened loveliness which neither the dahlia nor the chrysanthe- mum, nor some other favorites at horticultural shows, can equal. In this neighborhood in sammer time the more varied tints of the foliage of English trees blend in the landscape with the sombre hues of the eucalypt leaves. It has been a notice- able characteristic of the present season that, although there has been much rain, there have been few violent winds. Last autumn's leaves are still hanging on some of the oak trees in Kenton Park, the property of Mr. W. R. Kendell. In striking contrast to the other deciduous trees with their withered foliage or bare limbs are the willows, now green with young leaves and catkin buds. From a naturalist's standpoint, Gumeracha is not so interesting as other less prepossessing localities. Park like country of this descrip- tion is, as a rule, not so rich in specimens as are more thickly wooded districts, still it too has its attractions. Birdlife is plentiful, and during the present time of nesting the silence of the woods is broken with much more than usual frequency by varied cries, which, though not at all times musical, have at least an. abundance of clamour. Laughing jackassess, magpies, honeyeaters, and rosella paroquets are especially prominent. Those who have kept our giant kingfishers as pets must have noticed how tenaciously they adhere to the habit of battering their food, whether living or lifeless, hard or soft, with their beaks. Sometimes, presumably for want of better occupation, they will employ the whole of the day in subjecting pieces of old iron and other equally in- digestible materials to this process. It may not be generally known that in the early days of the colony rosella paraquats were found in large numbers on the Adelaide plains, from which they gained their scientific name, Platycerous Adelaidensis. Gould, the eminint ornithologist states:-"When I visited the in- terior or South Australia in the winter or 1838 I found the adults associated in samll groups of from six fo twenty in number; while near the coast between Holdfast Bay and the Port of Adelaide the young in their green dress were assembled in flock of hundreds. They were generally on the ground in search of grass seeds, and when so occupied would admit of a near approach. When flushed they merely flew up to the branches of the nearest tree. It is impossible to conceive anything morebeautiful than the rising of a flock of newly-moulted adults of this species, for their beautiful broad blue tails and wings glittering in the sun presented a really magnificent spectacle." Cases are known of specimens in which the parts usually blue have been white and those gene- rally green have been canary yellow. Grassy hillsides for the most part not much floral wealth, and this is as a rule golden-hued. Yellow is the predominant color among native flowers, and it is indeed at times quite a relief to the eye to meet with a bloom which is neither yellow or white. the "gold- eyed kingcups fine " and " billy-buttons " are showing themselves freely, whilst on some hillsides golden wattles are in full bloom. During the latter part of 1889 the fruiterers' shops contained bunches of violets and butter- cups intermingled, and this spring there is a similar display. Wild and garden flowers do not, however, match well, and it is to be trusted that this will be recognised, for the flowers of our fields deserve some better fate than to be made the victim of an idle pass- ing craze. It is well to mention this, for last year many "cuckoo buds of yellow" instead of being allowed to "paint the meadows with delight" were used for festive purposes. The reckless way in which one of the finest and rarest of our indigenous ferns, 'the coral-fern," has been destroyed makes one somewhat afraid of the caprices of fashion in tbe direction indicated. The extraction of a perfume from wattle blossom is in its way patriotic, but the heaviness of the odor make it doubtful whether it will gain very great popularity. There is much to be said in favor of Gume- racha as a health resort. Tbe quiet beauty of the landscape, the free open country, and its elevation make it a charming retreat. Many of the summer evenings are especially pleasant, for unlike other places its mosquitos are not generally excessively disagreeable. Little wheat is grown in the district, but good crops of hay are reaped, and a considerable amount of attention is now being given to dairy- ing. A co-operative butter factory has been estab lished, and has apparently been to a consider- able extent successful. During the winter months work has been slack, but at the time of tbe writer's visit 900 lb. of butter were being produced weekly, and in another fortnight the quantity will probably be increased to a ton. Lately a branch factory has been opened at Cudlee Creek, about seven miles away. The butter yielded comes from the milk of about 1,000 cows. There has been a good sale for the produce, the prices having ranged from 10d to 2s, 10 1/2d per lb. It is all absorbed by local consumption. Much fruit is grown in the neighborhood, and there are some fine gardens, more particularly in tbe direction of Kenton Valley. Broken Hill has proved a good market, and large quantities of fruit are sent there during the summer. The prospects this year are good, although the cold wet weather of the past few months has hindered growth somewhat. The land is excellent, and a due proportion of rain and sunshine with, of course, sensible cultivation are the only things needed for success. 