Jr*- - * f T V rttTg do liot identify ourselves .witb opinions I expressed by correspondents.] I AKTI-Y ACCINATION. I ffO fKB EDITOR OF THE TIMES.] — On reading your sub-leaderin last issue I was pleased; to find I am „ot tie only 'crank' in the neigh bourhood, and tliat there are others who recognise the symbol of savagery jnour Compulsory Taccination Act. I If parents in general wouiaoniycare Ifnlly consider the history of vaccina tion, and make themselves acquainted [with the testimony of some of the [best medical authorities ; if they [Jaiew one fiftieth of the disease and inisery caused by this remnant -of barbarism, it would not remain 24 liours on our Statute book ; but, alas, it is as difficult to get people to think for themselves on matters relating to medical science as it is on matters theological. There are, however a number who are awakening, and despite the many effusions of inter Iested vaccination experts, this com pulsory- cow-pox business will have to go. One thing I have noticed amongst its present day advocated is that they 110 longer lay claim to its being a ?preventive, but only as a means of modifying the disease. Oh, ghost of Jenner. arise, and once more announce what when in the flesh yon so boldly declared, viz.. that persons once vac cinated were proof for all time, and that in 30 years small-pox would be stamped out of Europe. Sir, I make bold to assert that the advocates of this inhuman system cannot produce one iota of evidence in support of its efficacy as a preventive, and let them bear in mind that this is what the prophet Jenner claimed for it, and on the strength of this claim alone Lord Lyttleton introduced the Compulsory Act. On the contrary we are pre pared to show that hundreds, aye thousands have been vaccinated and re- vaccinated, and have still suffered and died from small-pox. As we may be called upon to prove this further on, we shall confine ourselves in this J letter to the testimony of some lead- ; |? ing physicians : — Dr John Epps, for 25 years direc tor of the Jennerian Institute — 'The j vaccine virus is a poison. Nobody ti has a right to transfer such a myster J- ions poison compulsorily into the life of a child.' ' Dr T. L. Nichols, a medical author ;J of repute. — ' There is no doubt thou t' sands have been mortally ..poisoned by ? vaccination.' t Dr Joseph Hermann, for 6 years i chief physician at the Imperial Hos pital, Vienna. — ' When one has treated hundreds of cases of small pox, one comes to the deoided con clusion that vaccination has not the remotest effect on the outbreak, course or issue of the disease. Vaccination is the greatest misiokf and delusion in the science of -medicine. a fanciful illusion in the mind of the discoverer ; an apparition devoid of scientific foundation and wanting'in the condi tions of scientific possibility.'' Dr B. Cornell, president of the New York Homoeopathic Medical Society. — ' Vaccination has been a curse instead of a blessing to the race. To no medium of transmission is the widespread dissemination of skin diseases so largely indebted as to vaccination. I Dr A. H. Caron, member of many learned societies. — ' It is long since I j have positively refused to vaccinate I at any price. Vaccination is a bauble, j gilded over, indeed, by Act of Parlia- ,j ment, with which doctors rock too : often to a fatal sleep— the gullible ] children of the world. Dr Collins, of the Edinburgh Royal College of Physicians, who by refusing to vaccinate lost a practice of £500 a year. — 'I have known persons who had been vaccinated and re-vaccinated suffer dreadfully from small-pox. Dr C. L. Pearce, a late writer who devoted many years to the investi gation of the subject.— 'Vaccination is a violation of God's law, and a con tamin&tor; of the body . The increased death-rate of children is coeval with the extension of vaccination. So far from the practice being protective against small-pox, the liability in adult life is greater in the vaccinated than tlie unvaccinated Dr Vernon — ' I never saw a child ?under one year of recover from small-pox.' . Dr Coderre, Professor of Materia -Medica at Victoria University, and -30 years physician at Montreal.— 'The notion of introducing a puru lent virus into tlie human system is so, '376 vol ting to physiological science that it is surprising more caution has not Hbeen exercised in adopting it. _ Dr Hubert Boens, of the Belgian .^Academy of Medicine.—' Vaccinators must know that by vaccination they * ^o not avert small-pox, whilst they dnjure the health of children without ? ? i.nnwnfiriTi whatever. TL FKdSann, CMrf Ph™ at Verdom and St, Quentius Hospital ?during the Franco- German war- j Shortly before the war the whole pf j -the-; French army ^ere sacculated 'This general vaccination tended ; ^tter V extend the disease tha» PIDrCG^,/Klolb— ' The state is not -entitled to put in force an ^wsfcn^t-' ,&o; directly subversive of ^he great , TjriiJfcipIi of personal right. ; J)r ; Hitchm&n;— Re- vaccina- -tion hK-feero the true cause of Hanjr. «8|!S®saaRs8R». 