I SLAVIN AND M'AULIFFE. JACKSON'S OPINION. What Fitzpatrick Thinks. " Won With a Punch"— A Fast Fight- Neither of Them Too Well— Pater uoes Baoicto America— siavln and John L, Sullivan— Paddy and Peter— Peter and Coddard— And a little . General News. Tiie news of Slavin's decisive dofcat of the Mission Boy caino as something of 11 surpriso to oven thu most sanguine admirers of the unabbreviated cornstalk. That Hlaviu would bent M'Auliffe was generally thought, uuf that lie would finish the Cnliforiuun giant in sucli short metro not 0110 of his friends ever supposed. Taking a line from Jackson's light with him, it was thouglrt M'Auliffe would lead Slavin through half a dozen rounds, and that thou tho Maitland lad would put his privato mark 011 the big fel low, nnd send him where our lads generally send their opponents — out. When the Star published the first news of the result of the fight on Saturday night the sporting community was astounded, und had the in formation appeared in any other journal it would not have been credited. As it was the Star cablegram was accepted ub a good and sufficient reason for drinking the health of the burly Muitluiulcr 111 tlio various summer beverages afi'ectod by sports, and a largo quantity of tho same was secreted during tho evening 011 thu strength of the gallant Australian's win. It limy not be out of place to say that tlio opinion of some of those who ought to know is that Slavin was not in tho pink of condition, and, finding tlio Mission Boy was going to niako liirn travel from tlio full of the Ilag, adopted aggressive tactics in the second round. Yesterday a representative of this journal interviewed Peter Jackson at tiie Cliff IIouso, Bondi, where he is train ing for his match with Joe (ioddurd, tho Barrier champion, which takes place in Mel bourne on October 20. Tho champion was not on tho promises, boing engaged in de termining how many yards of Bontli sand go to make up a mile of "walking exercise, but his fides achates, Sam Fitzpatrick, was .there, lind, on being questioned, said : — W'eil, it didu't surprise me a bit! They aro both big fellows, und in a light like tliali I wouldn't have been a bit surprised if it bad been finished in tlio first punch.. I don't think Slavin was as well as lie ought to have been, and when lie found -M'Auliffe was going to force tho fight lie sailed in and was able to finish it. He hiadc a sudden finish, too ? . Yes, it was a little bit sudden, but when two big fellows like them get togothur they hit very hard, and it doesn't want more than one hit, well on, to stop the fight. At this moment a littlo two-year-old girl trotted in chirrupping, as she came up tho stairs, Jack's coming ! Jack's coming 1 Which wus Lor way of' announcing tlio approach of the chutnpion. Sam said : When lie comes in he'll go straight to tho bath and have hia dip. After that oome into the room aiid have u chat. In a couple of minutes Peter came up stairs clad in a costumo which might have been worn by an Icelander on his native heath — or ice — as heath is not plentiful in that country. Ho was wrapped up like a couch drivoronthoiiiglit- mailiii tho middloof winter, and a thermometer slipped down the hack of Ilia neck would have run up to 21 2 in the shade in a few seconds. Ho walked straight to tho bathroom, procedcd by Fitzpatrick, and in their absonco a long 'procession of dead and gone licroos of the I'.R. passed in shadowy lino before tho mind's eye of the simple scribe — men who stood for hours to be punched till thoir features wore battered out of shape, their limbs bioken, and their courage tested to tlio utmost (.limit of human endurance for a stake at which .a second-rate pugilist of to-day would turn up his Guieco-Roniun nose, and at which one of first lliglit would not condescend to do oven that much. Ghosts of Hnrry Broome, Bill Benjamin, Aaron Jones, Bob Travers, Ben Garnet, Bcndigo, Tom Spring, Tom Saycrs, Ileenan, Goss, Alacc, and the rest of the long departed or rotircd Ituuck'le-knoekorsof the ring. When wero the put-Bes £3000 in your day? Echo cannot sny "where" on. this occasion, because the purses wero ou ahead, and thft, giants of those days lived before their time. Tlioy moved and had their being when a mail was well content to be punched from . Alpha to Omoga .. and -. half way back again for £100 if he won, und pre pared, if he, lost, to .walk! liome; from -the battle-field without enough to buy him a drink in tlie pockets of hj3.pants. Now-- — ' " Come in here,!' called Fitz., and obedient to the invitation our reporter entered tlie room in which the " Star of tlio South" was soated preparatory to gotting his. prelimi nary poiislitug, for Poter only commenced work yesterday. Though still slightly 011 the big side he looked well, and just ilcshy enough to' give Ills' traiuur a margin to woilc on. And Sain got to work without delay. A pair of rubbers wore first used, then fiesh-glovos, after whioh a vigorous rubbing down took place, followed by au application of a gentle stimulant to tho joints and musclcB, which were in need of some littlo attention after being exorcised through a littlo gaunt from Bondi to Watson's Bay, round tho South Head light, and back by way of the new Alilitary-road, a great portion of tho tramp being through the sand on the sea shore. While in work there the 'champion's programme will bo pretty much as under : — Rise at 7 a.m. and take a swim, after which breakfast and a rest. Then punching tlie bug, club swingiug, skipping and general cxer- ciso until nearly 110011, ufier which dinner and a lounge till 3 o'clock, when the afternoon walk takes place, a journey of eight or ten miles being covered. Then tho bath and rub-clown, alter which tea and a quiet evening, broken 111 upon occasionally, judging by last night's experience, by tho youngsters, who are apparently as foml of "Jack," as tlicy call him, as ho is of them, and stand us little in awe of him as if ho had never been anything more dangerous than a meinbor of Parliament in his life. It may bo remarked here that Jackson has not altered in any way. He ii tho same quiet, unassuming fellow he always was, slow to talk of his successes, and absolutely silent as to his prospects :u the future. We in this country think there is only 0110 mail between Peter and tho championship of the world, but lierefuscs to endorse that opinion. In a modest, manly way lie said, when pressed on the point : — I have only this to tell yon, I will always do my best, and I am prepared to meet any body. I bar 110 011c. N0110. Any man who wants to meet ine line only to let mo know. I will try to beat liim. If lie beats mo lwill be just as good friends with him after as before. And then Peter philosophised in this strain : — It's all very woll for any man to say ho is tho best in tho world at anything. Tho world's a lurge place, and there arc u lot of people in it. You only want to sit down for u few minutes and think about it to bu sure of that, and I dare Bay there are hundreds of men who never put on a glove or saw a fight in their lives who could, if they thought of trying it, surprise u iot of the host men now before the public. Men come to the front in this as in any other business a good deal more by accident than intention. A man puts on tlie gloves for the first time and is shown some thing. Ho rcmcmhors that and U-arnn, and, by-aml-bye, if ho is a strong, quick fellow, he finds ho can beat most of those ho meots. Then lie goes on, and if ho follows that branch of athletics takes a place in the first rank. It's all hunktiin to talk of born fighters. Many a man who was born a fighter died without knowing any tiling about it. A statement which it was impossible to contradict under tho circumstunccs. I admit, continued Potcr, in tho same reflective strain, it becomes almost natural for a tnun after a time to use his hands in defence. If I were half asleep and a man hit at 1110 my loft hand would go up almost as a 'nutter of course, but if I hail never taken to thi3 business as a profession I Would probably do just tlio satnn tiling. It is not so much putting your bands up in defence as putting them out in assault which interests tlie publiu, rcmarkod our -representative. When vou landed in America and undertook your first light how did you fuel ? oil, I felt as if I'd have liked a few old friends round me, hut I did net feel inclined to Ioho my head because I hadn't. I did my best and kept confidence in myself. And then tlio new friends I found Were very kind to me. I could not find words in which to thank thoso with whom I came into contact in the United States, nml England. No man could liavo boon treated better. Wiil you stay here? Ho. I will probably go back by tho Alameda. Have you hoard anything definite about tlio match with Sullivau ? No. Nor that with Slavin ? No. Except that Mr. Jack Dougharly is willing to arrange a meeting. But, I sup pose, Slavin's consent to that will be noccs- sary. He seems anxious to liavo a out at Sullivan. So I hear, What chance will lie have? 1 can't say. I never saw Sullivan box. It seems altnoBt incredible, though per fectly true, that during tho whole of his two years' tour Jackson never saw Sullivan show — never snw him but once, und never spoko to liim. Vet tho two best men-in tlie pugilistic world have boen within arm's length of eaeli other. Sullivan went 0110 evening to seo Jackson spur, paying for a stage chair for himself at"' 11 friend, but the men wero not introduced, and did not approach one another. Have you seen Goddurd fight ? No. 1 You have met liim ? Oil, yes. Ho caino to meet us when wo landed in Melbourne, where I mot a lot of good old friends, amongst them Mnrtin Costello, who I am glad to say is doing woll there. : Now, I want to know something of your opinion of tlio Slavin nnd M'Aulifte fight? I think it whs a good fight, but! can't express an opinion. Were you surprised at tho result. No. : ' Then you expected Slavin would win. " No. I did not liayo an idea Which would win. It is a loiig' time since I saw Slavin, and I believe lie lias improved wonderfully since I niet him. They are two good men, and from -what I have read I think Slavin won on bis merits. And moro than this Rotor would not say. In fact no would profer to talk politics, strike, religion, anything rather than pugilism, and it was only wasting timo trying to bonnco him into doing what ho didn't want to. Before leaving he desired the Star to con- voy his kindest regards to friends in America and England, who will soo tho paper leaving by next mail, and to let thorn know ho will soon return, a message we re- gretfully convey. Fitzpatrick eamo into town witli our reporter, and ho was more communicative than tho champion, and, while in no way discounting Slavin's win, pointed out that Peter in a battle takes 110 chances. Ho !b content to hit and get away without a return, and though this in a somewhat slower way of disposing of an antagonist than going in 011 a givo und take enterprise it usually oventuutcs more satisfactorily. Though Jackson kept M'Auliffo ill tho rinu for 24 rnnniln fit-, is satisfied with the result, and is in no way inclined to regard Slavin's two- round finisli as an ultrai-plienoinenal-porformnnoo. Speak ing of tlio two men (who, by the wnv, liavo both been recently married), lie rather fancies the American, whom ho describes as it gumo and clever boxer. Liko Jackson be is loud in his praises of tlio treatment tlioy roccivcd in America and England. Of Lord Londsdale, " Parson " Davis, W. M'Naughton, and many others with whom tlioy wero intiniatoly associated thoy Bpeak in the most glowing terms, und his many friends hero will be glad to learn that Peter has amassed aquantity of tho "equivalent," almost -enough to keep him out of tlio Benevolent Asylum for a long time. ; Jim Smith (some timo clismpion of England) is not regarded by Fitzpatrick as one amongst tlio best boxers the world has over _seen, and otherwise, he is what our American cousins would term " a spotted spud" or not, tlio clean potato. Young Mitchell, well known bore, is highly spoken of, and doing well, und it is good to.know "our boys" aro .ub highly, thought of over there as they aro at home. : It is unlikely, unless something definite is arranged very, shortly, that -Jackson -..will remain in Australia, as lie is partially bound to roturn to Ainorica before Christians. , Fitzpatrick will, ofcourso. go with him, and' Goddard aud young Griffo may bo of tlio party. Anil, tho trio of fighters will not bo a, particularly bad team. In fact, what beats tbem will beat us. 