ILLUSTRATED IMAGERY. There is generally an exception made in favour of painted windows. There. are those who insist that no connexion exists between painting and sculpture. aB to their religious use. The Greek Church anathematizes the worshipping and the making of images, but permits and en courages the use of pictures. Is not this,- , a distinction without a difference ? Pres entation to the eye, of the likeness .of something in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, or in the water under the earth, is the essential characteristic? of! both images and pictures. Perpetuation .; of the likeness of visible forms, or em- ;J bodiment of ideal conceptions, is common ,, to both. The materials employed in the one, have no necessary incompatibility with those used in the other. Essentially, . they are the same. If there be any difference in the influence of the two , things, the advantage is' on the Bide of painting, which, by the use of perspective, rivals the fulnesB of form which is secured by the use of marble or metal; and, by the added charms of colour, and greater . , facility for manipulation, affects the imag- ination with accumulated force. 1£ imagery be useful, painting will be a more effectual teacher than statuary. If- imagery be mischievous, the painter will be a more successful teacher of evil than the sculptor eau ever be. Add to this that the Lord draws no distinction be tween the two things in His word, but, by accumulation of epithets, clearly, for bids both. Instead, therefore, of separat- ; ing these two things, it is equally right and wise to apply the same principles to both; and, whether in commendation or jr, condemnation, subject both to one rule. This point thus cleared, the way opens to the enquiry before stated— How it comes to pasB that, while previous to this dispensation imagery was permitted, and r in certain instances even directed by God, and was therefore necessarily useful, it can be right now to speak of the intro- duction of imagery into churches as being , , evil, and only evil — dangerous, and; air ways.dangerous ? This will necessitate a review of the matter, from the earliest mention of sym bolic imagery in the Pentateuch, up, to the utter destruction of all those things on which imagery was impressed by Divine command. The period embraced exceeds 1,500 years, but the review need not be long. Imagery permitted by God has been scant and infrequent. Moses made the Tabernacle according to the pattern.; showed him in the Mount. Every part of that building was fashioned in accord ance with Divine command. Cherubim; were, delineated therein in two manners, , The Bculptor's art was used to form the Cherubim which shadowed the Mercy- seat, and the weaver wrought cherubic figures on the curtains in the Holy Place. When Solomon builded the temple, there were added to the cherubs over the Ark, two larger figures, which stretched right across the Holy of Holies ; and the woven figures of .the curtains were sue- ceeded'by carved cherubic symbols on the boarded walls. There were also in Solomon's Temple carvings and castings of oxen and lions, on the bases of the brazen lavers, mingled with the cherubic emblems. Add to these the serpent of brass which Moses made in the wilderness, and there are enumerated all the instances of imageB made by Divine direction. Let it be noted that the brazen serpent was both a healing means and an in structive symbol. This consideration removes it quite from the category of mere" imagery, and gives it a place of its own/ peculiar and unique. Once, and once 'only, was it made an effectual sign ; and, ceasing to be that, it had no abiding use as an image. AgeB after, when the idolatrous affections of the Jews were set on it; one of the most godly of the kings of Judah treated it with contumely- attached to it a name of contempt and destroyed it, acting therein as much in accordance with the Divine will, as did Moses originally in forming it. To argue from this instance of the brazen serpent to the common use of either images or paintings in the house of worship; is to confound things which differ, and can be indulged in ODly when all the' later history of the once mar vellous creation is forgotten. Mofeover, the serpent of brass was an exemplary type of Jesus, and when He, who " was made sin for us," had for us been uplifted on the cross, and as sin- bearer became also sin-destroyer, there was no longer place for any such type. This last consideration leads naturally to the remark, that what is thus true of the brazen serpent is more emphatically' true of- the cherubic symbols in the Tabernacle and the Temple. The whole' Judaic economy w&s; typical, — the entire Bystem of worship, all the sacrifices and services,- the priests and other ministers, were typical. So, also, .in all their proportions; order, and ar rangements, were the Tabernacle and the Templei All was part of a system which was pedagogic, initiatory, and passing. They prefigured, and led on to; ; another system; another sacrifice, another prieBt, aud another Temple. For a time/they had their use, dignity, and beauty. When our true Aaron offered up himself, the Lamb of Hod without blemish, and passed through the torn veil of His own rent human flesh into the most holy place, and presented himself 'before God for us, there was an end, 'formal and potential/ of all force, value, or excellency in the Judaic system. It noi longer had ai place, and soon after wards the Romans came and took away the whole world of type which existed in the Temple. Thenceforward the Jew was left without sacrifice, without priest, without Temple, and without the cherubic symbols; - The shadow passed from them, because-the reality had been given to us. It may be useful to remark, also, that the cherubic emblems were not images of then existing1 realities. The cherub was not an angel— not a being at all. It was, in all probability, an ideal conception of „the redeemed Church, and therein it differs widely from all images or pictures of angels or spiritual beings of any order. It should be noted; also, that with scarce any exception the cherubic symbols were so placed that the High Priest alone saw them. : In the system of Judaic symbols they had' an' important place, but it was neither that of instructing the people, nor of quickening devotion. The images were in the Holy of Holies; the woven and carved representatives were in the holy- place. It was the priest who looked upon them in the holy and' most holy This : iB widely different from any' sup posed use of them as instructing the \- ignorant, (,or helping the' devotion of the soul which cleaveB Unto dust'. The way iB thus cleared for the deeply- important' question,' Is there any reason why imagery, which was appropriate under Judaic covenants,1 and in the Temple, is out of place in: the Christian dispensation, and within our hduses of prayer? The Bimply -'sufficient reason is, that the whole system of type . died in the dying of Jesus. When the Temple veil was rent, and the most holy place became opened to the Bight of the worshipper' in the sanctuary, the whole systc m ended. Thenceforward sacrifice became presumption, priesthood usurpation, symbolic imagery an anach- ronism, and images of things above or beneath incentives to idolatry. In the whole Hew Testament there is not a single passage which warrants the use among Christians of such thingB as paintings or images. In the Apocalypse alone can any word be found which can possibly be perverted to warrant imagery ; but, with reference to the Apocalyptic symbols, let it be carefully noted that they are not imageB on earth of things in heaven, nor are they shadows of coming good. They are the very reality, and they are in heaven ; not shadows which are cast by substances, but the very substances of which the shadow fell across the Apostle's sight. If, then; any one shall take the bow, the crystal sea, the golden harp, the seats of the elders, the incense, the palms, and the lamps, or any other thing which was seen in vision by the enraptured seer, and place it as symbolic in our chancels or elsewhere, he is descending from the real to the unreal, from the substance to the shadow. He is reversing the order of the kingdom. Instead of treading the path of the righteous, which, as the shining light shineth more and more unto the perfect day, he turns his back on the meridian glory ; and gropes backward to the region of twilight. What is the testimony of the Epistles on this question of religious imagery ? Can any one read the words of Paul in his second Epistle to the CorinthianB, and not see that the whole system, of which Moses' veiled face is there placed as the example, has for ever passed away? Can any one follow the argument of the same Apostle in writing to the GalatianB, without perceiving that the entire peda gogy of the Jewish Bystem is now no more ? Glorious it was, indeed, because it led on to Jesus, but why should one turn to it now when God has sent forth His Son — made of a woman, made under the law — to redeem them who were under the law that we might receive the adop tion of sons ? To do so is to retrace his steps to a weak and beggarly element ; from Jerusalem, which is above, to Jeru salem in bondage; from Zion to Sinai; from liberty to slavery. Does not Paul teach the Ephesians that, just as by the rending of the veil, even the human nature of Christ, the way into the Holiest was made manifest to those in the holy place, so by that very rending and slaying of the body of Jesus, the way of the Gentile was made clear from the outer court to the Temple; and that they who were far off, and they who were near, are both made nigh by the blood of Christ?. And this being so, what becomes of the whole system of which the veil; the courts; the separation, and the cherubic symbols were essential parts? If this be forgotten, and men carry over into Christian worship those things which were parts of Judaism, they fall under the condemnation which the Holy Ghost, by the mouth of Paul, pro nounces on will-worship. But it may be asked, why this sus tained refutation of Judaic pretensions in Christian worship ? Eor this reason : — If imagery in the house of God be defen ded oh Scriptural grounds, those Scrip ture grounds can be found only in the administration of things in the Tabernacle and Temple ; and; inasmuch as those shadows are past and gone, everything which supposes them to exist still is false, and every manifestation of that fancy in Divine service is will-worship. 