SCBATCHINGS IN T3E CITY. [By A Pencil.! That every line which written here may be Go to its mark straight aud unerringly; That every laugh he clean and fairly bought: That condemnation never go nnsought: That eat, or thrust or lend approving cheer. Aim may he honest, thought aud purpose clear. The Opposition are still making mischief ; and, judging by the cheerful looks upon the faces of some of them they believe that, at least, the office for which they have been hoping and begging so long is near to realisation ; and that they will be able to enjoy the ease of recess after the Playford Cabinet have endured most of the worries of the hardest session erer known in South Australia. Well, if the new Ministry (providing, of course, that there is a new Ministry) should be better than the present, by all means let lis have a change. The good of the country is tlie great consideration after all with critics who are outside tho distinctly demoralising influences of politics. And, if a new team should go in, Mr. Playford is just the man to give them fairer play than he has received. Of course, the Opposition have not won yet, but they think that they have, and in writing I am humoring that impression. The current rumor is that until Thursday night they had not made up their numbers by two, but that the requisite couple were obtained after the Governor's dinner, which is a very appropriate engagement whereat to gain votes by a little flattery aud a little influence of the occasion. Personally I shall believe that a new Ministry is in when I shall have witnessed a division in their favor, and seen disproved the statement that Mr. Playford wiil apply for a dissolution, and that it would certainly be granted on the ground that it is sufficiently apparent that the Assembly with its present personnel is determined not to do any work under any leader. If there should be a dissolution it would be a capital thing. If the people of South Australia wish to have reasonable laws passgd they should make radical changes in the membership of the popular House, which is the poorest House we have ever had. Supposing that there should be a change of Ministry and no disso lution, another alteration will most assuredly be made upon the re-assembling of the Parlia ment after recess. The crisis which is threatened just now is the very event which waB needed to hasten the realization of the prospect referred to moire than once in this column. It would give Mr. Kingston liis grand opportunity to form a new partyj and so succeed to the honors of a Premiership. When be becomes Premier he will probably stay in that position during the rest of the Parliament. Outside the unsavory but exciting region of politics the most noteworthy event lias been the opening of the cycloranuc exhibition of " Jerusalem. " By an ingenious arrangement of colored canvas and reflectors, producing peculiar distance effects—an arrangement to secret that not even the directors of the Cycloraina Company were allowed to see its progress—the Jerusalem of the olden days is presented almost to the life to any spectator who may pay the entrance fee. The per spective in a cycloraina is really wonderful. By the use of natural objects and of painted canvas upon an exceedingly large scale, miles and miles of horizon is displayed; and so lifelike is the effect that you can hardly imagine that you are looking at a picture and not upon a natural landscape. As a cycloraina cannot travel to the country, people, in the country who wish to see it must travel to it; and, in all honesty, it seems to me that noth ing else in Adelaide would so well repay a spare Saturday's leisure and holiday expenses as the sight of this exhibition. If you come to town you eould hardly miss seeing the locality of the cyclorama, even if you were to try not to do so. The huge picture is enclosed within a new circular buildiugi topped by a brightly-burnished and lofty dome near to the junction of Hindley and Morphett-st reets. Police Magistrate Pater's best friends fancy that he made a mistake on Saturday, and his enemies wag their heads against him. He sentenced to a month's imprisonment a man who hooted at the Governor outside the theatre on Friday night. The offender, whose name is Ellis Edwards, who had *just come down from the Terowie district, and whosaid that he was under the influence of drink (which, however, the police denied) made some noisy demonstration against the Governor, and has now got a month in gaol, ; with the variation of hard labor, to think I upon his foolishness. The punishment seems ! greatly disproportioned to the offence, and jealous-minded and ultra-democratic people say that had Ellis Edwards chosen anybody else but the Governor to demonstrate againet he would probably have been fined 5s. or 10s for noisy behaviour. Knowing Mr. Pater well" and highly appreciating his impartiality, I don't believe that he would make suck a distinc tion ; and that if be has erred he has erred quite honestly. Here is a fine oppor tunity for the Governor to interpose with the prerogative of mercy. A substantial reduction .of the sentence of the harmless fellow who hooted at him would have a great effect in diminishing the unpopularity which is increasing partly 011 account of his frequent absences from the colony. Few people believe in ghosts, but even in the region round about Adelaide, where the cynical Australian Natives' organizations are beginning to assert their influence, there are some firm believers in a certain "haunted" house. The building lies south of the city, in a prominent position, overlooking one of the most charming landscapes in South Australia. When it was erected it had a rather preten tious appearance; but not long afterwards happened the event which caused it to be called a haunted house. It has never been occupied since, but has gradually decayed, ! becoming less and Jess habitable year by year, until now the walls are hopelessly cracked, and it is so dilapidated that no human being ! may ever live in it again. I have been past j the house and through it frequently, but I have never seen any gliosts in it; neither hare I been able to meet anybody else who ever saw tbe dreadful thing which has haunted the place and -worried its owner. That, however, is no information to the point. Season doesn't count in superstitions calcula tions. Give the name of haunted to a building, and you might as well pull it down at once as hope to make any profit out of it. 