BRITISH AND FOREIGN. ~ London 7Vm(A connidors, that thbhitch in the eloctiou of Dr. Saiimartz Smith, to tho rco of Sydney, should _bo a lesson to Austriliau churohraon to |eleot^ tteir iraony the colonial clergy. " " "" A young Koraan Catholic lady, the daughter of a Churoh of England olergyman, has deters miood to imitate Father -Dumieu's haroie self sacrifice. Flio sailed for Mclokai, ou January IS, and intends to doroto her life to nursing lepers. mccj; mi r-ci? . ! ; s, ■ . . The London Doily AVtrs Berlin correspondent IteleftraplwB AThe. UtuitruL ,(JotnutUteo of the ;!4mo'an "AUhlou • of* C^rtnnn'' 'Catholics hold a meeting in Cologne on December 21, the j arch• birliop of tho cit v being in the chair. Tho collec tion of funds in^Oorm»ily amounted to £17,000. £6,000 have "been ep3nt- for"the Bencdiotine missionaries ia East Africa, £1,500 for the fathers of tho Holy Ghost at Bagaruoyo. At 1'raguo, in Gorman East Africa, a hilt U'&a; olcnrod, uud tho first-named .German brothcr liooil built a oouvent .Ulprot'fer missionaries,' male ami female, a hospital rolage'for children, workshop?, farm buildings, and small Cottages for liberated slaves.-- The station was very flourishing wbeflit waaattactfedand destroyed by Bmhiri. After order bad been restored by Major Witemann, Father Bonifdcius, the superior of the missions in Africa, resumed bis activity there, and'last November several missionaries were sent to his as-iatance, who will he fol lowed neat spring by six missionaries and six sisters.. It is said that the "Edinburgh Free Church Presbytery contemplates taking lessons Id sing ing. This is a very desirable step (observed'the Hcotaman), for no .more discordant sound could well be imagined than that which is occasioned by the presbytefy's massacre of the psalm which opens every meeting. A Congregational Church council in America met some weeks sgo to install a minister. It ; discovered a ohurch bylaw allowing the society to determine the pastor's salary annually, and objected so much to Lois that it relused to pro ceed with the installation. The ohurch, though not without some friction, gave in. Ihe.m&Uy; thousands who heard the late Dr. A. N. flomertille, of 31aegoW| preach at home and abroad, vHll be glad to hear that s selec tion of his discourses has been prepared for the press, and, together with a biographical sketch by-hia *on, Dr. W. JF. Soraerville, will be pub lished shortly- by Hodder and Stoughton, London, nfidef the title of "Precious Seed Sown in Many Lands." Dr. Parkcz'a silver wedding celebration took place on Tuesday, December 24, in the Lecture Hall of the City Temple, and drew together a large number of ladies and gentlemen. Among those present—the attendance being inten tionally confined almost exclusively to the con gregation—wtJfe the Rev. Principal Pryce (New OoUege, St John's-Wood), the Rev. Robert Balgarnie. the Rev. Dr. Adatttson (Kdinhunrb), Mr. S. Hannicgton (Brighton), Mr.. John Morgan Richards, and Dr. and Mrs. G. W. Pielo. The hall waa tastefully decorated for the occasion with, plants , and flags by Mr. Henry Bevis. A musical programme was well executed by the chapel orchestral band, and there were several songs and a recitation. On behalf of numerous subscribing members of the oongregatioD, Mr. J. G. Murdoch (treasurer of the City 1 emple) presented to Dr. and Mrs Parker a silver silver, a silver kettle and stand, four silver candlesticks, and a silver bowl, together with an illuminated address; and a little girl, seven years of age, a daughter of Mr. Mlnshall, the organist, handed to Mrs. Parker a handsome bonquet. In retnrniog thanks, Dr. Parker, who was deeply moved by the tribute and the hearty cheers of the assembly, delivered an interesting address. 