? (BT A WAEUAGUL HUSBAKD.)' Prior to my arrival in W— several years ago my life was a singularly happy aad harmonious one. luy domestic relations above all else were as smooth as the surface of a polished mirror. No one ever saw Betsy Jane, my adorable wife, give me even a black look. However, the "rift within die late" began as soon after .my arrival as the good people of W— had found oat what a plainspoken, all round sort of an individual had come to settle among them. Its inception was in this wise. A famous early townsman, by name Smog, the water carrier, had got, through the influence of a relative in Parliament, a billet as junior hodman at certain Government works in progress at the Kew lunatic asylum and his friends insisted upon giving him a parting dinner. On accountof uiy official position, I was, of coarsc, made chairman and along with the treasurer of the testimonial fund I soon made out an excellent list of toasts for the different members of the company to propose. As I had never in my life been at anything similar before, • X eolemnly determined not to make a fool of myself trying to speak, so as each toast came round I simply said "charge your glasses gentlemen Mr. so & so will propose so & so."' As most of my comrades were about as green as myself on the subject of these festive gatherings, only two tried to make even the ghost of a speech and only when the toast of Smug himself was drank did they attempt •'jFor he's a jolly good fellow." The result of it all was that by 10.15 PM. the best was through, the National anthem sung, and five minutes later was at the door of my little wooden cottage in ample time for our timehonoured supper. My wife was as proud as Pulich wheal toldhcr of the distinguished company I had presided over. To make a long story short, other birthday sprees and complimentary dinners took place, sometimes at the rate of two or three in the month, to all of which I cheerfully subscribed my five or ten bob as the case might be. But alas! the gay imbibers were not as silent and speechless as on the first occasion. Gradually they began to find that they had tongues or more vulgarly speaking, to feel tlieir jfeet, The result was that the dinner first began to last till eleven and then till twelve o'clock. Still I kept on the safe side as a rule, and having delivered my speech and consumed as much wine and other delicacies as would equal the amount of my subscriptions I quietly sneaked away, By this means I only partially angered my wife, for the longer we were married the more resolute she was in checking my propensity to late hours. Once indeed when the baby was teething, midnight had come when I opened the front door and I only cscaped all sorts of conse qnences by straightway promising her a twelve guinea bonnet she had set her heart on having six weeks before. However, the climax at lenght came. Bobble, the dandified barber apprentice, was leaving W— because he was full of it One of his mates, Trump the farmer, " went in lemons" to give Bobble a dinner at parting that would knock all similar gatherings into a cocked hat. The cost of the spree was fixed at 7 s. G d. per head exclusive of wines. As the Shire elections would be soon [lending, tickets were freely sold and a large and representative gathering was the result, As so many distinguished luminaries had immigrated into W— the last few years, I was not on this occasion voted to the chair, but instead as I took my seat, a slip of paper was passed down to me with the words " The Press" inscribed on it. This was awkward, for this toast, like good wine, is always kept till the last, and the parting injunction of Betsy Jane ran thus—" Now, mind John, not a second later than eleven o'clock or by heaven we'll see who's master in this house ! n I had decided to meekly obey such prudent mandate, for I dread nothing in the world so much as a scene. My hopes fell when I found I was so far down in the list, and even now I suspect there was some spiteful design in the selection. However, I trusted to my stars that no time would be lost, and if I made a few brief, concise remarks instead of my usual oration, and left directly the toast was over, I jnight still be home within fifteen minutes of the prescribed hour. The ball opened with the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, which were but gingerly sipped and hurried over as though we had a disduty to get through as as possible. But directly Waddle, the soap dealer, got on his legs and proposed "Success to the greengrocers of W— " coupled with the names of Messrs. Pinning, Led^ and — 1 heart 'began to faiL Instead of tnlHng about greengrocers he Iannched out- into a long tirade against the Bonmgh councillors for permitting a drain to flow from the back yard of a neighbor into his own. One idea led to another until his speech seemed to me disgustingly long, and sorely puzzled, ji^yas; to^hink: how I. could explain to ^ Betsy. Jane why- I was kept ? so late. ' When lie had finished, instead of the people whose healths had heen proposed being allowed to at once respond, no less than two of t3ie retiring municipal councillors took it in turns in explaining to Hie meeting that if anyone in authority was to blame for tie waterflow and other " blunders IT was thrar esteemed colleagues who were to retire the following year. But this wasn't all, for after the three modest tradesmen had arisen and bowed their acknowledgments with delightfully short though stammering speeches up jumps my old and valued friend and \- schoolmate, Jack Tape,-engrossing clerk to Clap and Clap, die eminent attorneys and notaries. Jack had imbibed more timi gmstgobd forhim, and although lie arose, with -quite * flourish of trumpets aQheliad to Bay <was that he was -oh! , bo delighted to see thp pfiair turn ant jso successful." (A pity the wnefa&ed; «nfl&HOOidBirt; fcee the havoc lie wag "mdan^in ;the libspm;;of «ny liunflyj) ^EoneJtwsts jM]tm&,'and Jfcen teotagg iislf the proliny famewas npl ~ proceedings. Bat''Tape was my «vil star, for after each toast he insisted on riaing np and assuring tlits company that he was supremely happy, and once the monster suggested that they should make the affair a weekly gathering. Other troubles remained, for just after midair*,. when all the principal toasts were over, and but a few minor ones remained with mine at the: tail Barney Chip, the ' joiner (whose name had been purposely omitted on account of his loquasity) stood bolt upright and apologised for introducing a little impromptu toast Of his own. His eyes were dilated with alcohol but his tungue was as glib as usual. Before the chairman had time to order him tlown for his impudei.ee he announced, amid roars of laughter, from his inebriate companions that they were to charge their glasses to the brim and drink to the " Old Maids of W—." After going through a long string of twaddle, he called upon ail • bachelors present below the age of 40 to show their gallantry and respond on behalf of the absent maidens. The result was that my toast was not reached till a quarter past two o'clock, but the only thing I distinctly remember was being pulled down by thecoat tails. * - * * • * The open air was soon readied, but everywhere the ground was white with frost. Through the dense fog I blundered along, shivering with cold, to my cottage door just filled with Dutch courage enough to long to have the trouble over as quickly as possible. But, alas, the door was bolted ! Then £ knocked, at first faint, then louder, but no response came, although I knew perfectly well that a whisper would awaken my wife. I then quickly stole round to my chamber window where all was as still as death. The truth now flashed upon me. The inhuman creature was wide. awake leaving me to freeze my very blood. Had she been asleep—well I know loud and dismal snoring would have broken the silence. One solid botir I thus remained knocking vainly at the front door, for I was too proud and high spirited to tap at the window and be for mercy. At last a fluttering and pattering noise was heard and a bolt creaked. But gentle reader, modesty compels me to draw a veil over the secrets of my wife's sleeping apartment. Enough it is to say thattbeimmortal hero of Douglas Jerold—one Caudle, led life of clover compared with mine ever afterwards. Even the weekly allowance out of my stipend for sundry refreshments the coming week was docked. But all my sorrow was blamed to the waste eloquence of Tape, Chip and the rest of the spoolers 