à mum walun ma sp»i [Bt J. N. Mailee.] IL-IN THE WOODS. I am amongst thoso people who, rightly or wrongly, believe that the state of the weather exercises an influpnce on the sensations and facul- ties of the mind. For this notion Dr. Johnson had a sneer ; but, if I am not mistaken, John Milton declared he was always disposed to write, and wrote best when the weather was fine. Pope seems to have had a similar impression, for in one of his essays he, in reference to some action of another, says perhaps the wind has shifted. It is a well known fact that in England, during the month of November, there are more suicides than in any other month of the year. A dull, cloudy, heavy atmosphere has an oppressive influence on the body; and there is a wonderful affinity between mind and body. If this be so-and I do not think there are many who doubt it-no one will wonder that on such a morning as that which did bo much with my thoughts, as I sauntered on the sea beach, that the same feeling of happy light heartednesB, and disposition to make tho most I can of what I hear and see in the woods, as the same fresh, buoyant feeling still constrains my pen, which will not keep pace with the mind's dictates. There are some folks who would say, had they been with me in my walk, that the morning was just too, too utterly lovely for description. There is a clearness and an elasticity in the morning air that lifts the mind, and widens the grasp of thought, as well as fills the heart with the most pleasing emotions, and incites one to cry out, or sing out, "Begone, dull care." Care! bother the thing; why cannot we all be philosophic enough as not meet care half-way-it comes soon enough, and sure enough, we all know. Haliburton said, " to tarry care to bed is to sleep with a pack on yonr back." There is an old saying, " better an empty house than a bad tenant;." And so better an empty mind than a mind filled with sadness, whose only relief is a sigh. Why should we make a bosom friend of care. Why seek a companion Whole tad countenance l8 ghastly palo, And darksome as a widow e veil. 0 what a pity it is that there are so many On whose broad brow U wrought The ln-erseoted lines of thought, Those turrows which the burning share Of sorrow ploughs untimely there. What a pity it is that there are so few who say with Israel's king, " I have been young, but now am old, yet I have never seen the righteous for- saken nor his children beg their bread." Ah, why is it so P Not just because there is the want of the qualification involved, as because there are so many who are truly forsaken-forgotten by those whose happiness it should be to prove by little deeds of kindness, little words of love that they are remem- bered- thought of. Just because there are so many' who are only kept from " begging," not by the considerate attentions of those on whom flesh and blood says they should lean on, but by the kindly charity of others on whom they have no claims of tie or kindred. But these are not the themes to dwell on, though " still they come," yet He who méditâtes on others' vraes Shall in the meditation lose bis own. So I ara off to the woods for a ramble and an un- disturbed talk with Nature. She never upbraids me with the past, but often says " Thy Bins are for- given, go and sin no more." She never taunts me with having failed to take the tide that leads on to fortune when taken at its turn, as the " unco guid" and philosophic sometimes do, but with her many pleasing sights and cheering sounds lifts my heart from murmuring over spilt water which cannot be I gathered again. She never says, with a frown on her face, You might have been ! but often whis; pers, with smiles all over her fair and beaming countenance, You may be ! As Henry Kendall says of this month-October-and to my mind most beautifully he says it-i October oomes with blossom trammelled feet, Shedding green glory by the wayside hills And dollies with graoe the haughty featured hills. Fair Lady of i he yellow hair! Her breath Starts flowers to life, and shames the storm to death ; Her life is lovely. Stream, and wind, and bird. Have seen her face-her marvellous voice have heard, And, in strange traots of woodland, all day long They tell the story in surpassing song. So now I am off with the i " Fair Lady of the yellow hair," with my back to sea and my face to the woods. On leaving the beach 1 pasB on my right the old lime kiln and boat dock, formerly-fifty years ago-used by the A. A. Company ; both are now in ruins. > As I trudge on, over tough, broken boulders of flint like rocks and porphyritic granite, whose purple, green, and white crystals gleam and glitter like diamond sparks; over and through great patches of longcoarse tussock grass, which is fast spreading its worse than useless presence on spots of otherwise cultivatable soil, over sheep walks and cattle camps, I come to a freak of nature-a great, green, but greedy parasite, which has coiled itself round from root to highest twig of a swamp o.ik with a killing kindness, having completely buried itself in the soft and yielding tree. Though a common object it is a curiosity in its way. The strangling process must have begun very early in the tree's life ; they have grown to- gether, and now stretch to 60 or 60 feet high ; they are both green and vigorous, and may' live long yet, but it is death to the tree. Like much we meet in human life, good and evil walk the same path, vice and virtue grow together, and not unfrequently shake hands, for as Pope says Vice is i monster of so frightful mien. As, to be hated, needs but tn bo seen ; Yet, seen too oit, familiar with her face, We first endure, then pity, then embrace. In the world of morals there is much that resembles the world of nature, and this oak tree with its clinging parasite is a fit emblem of virtue losing itself in the strong, cruel embrace of worse than death. Human hands could scarcely entwine a cord round a pole as carefully as this parasite has encircled the tree ; but the one is straight and stately, like virtue, but the other is crooked and twisted, like viee. The end of a dissolute life ia commonly a desperate death. When this vine this parasite-has killed the oak, the oak will fall, but it will .take its destroyer with it. To moralize is not my purpose, yet we should keep our eyes and ears open to the teachings and voice of nature. On leaving this strangled oak I pass over a small flat thickly covered with the objectionable grass referred to, intermixed with many tufts of useless rushes. On slightly elevated gwund I reach a mass of buildings, the walls only remaining, much broken, and crumbling into decay, are of mud and brick. These buildings, familiarly known as the " Doctors," have a fine aspect, looking westward, embracing in view the dilapidated village of Carrington. It may have been a pretty place fifty years ago, but now it is a mass of unsightly ruins. Why the A. A. Company'placed so many of their buildings in excavated sites I have often wondered. Their designer must have had a total disregard to all known systems of drainage and sanitary contriv- ance. I am fond cf old ruins, and read and revere their history when I can ; and some of them have strange stories to tell ; and we do well <¡o tread softly when among them. Their antiquity com- mands respect. Their history may b"e chivalric-' tell of great hearts and noble deeds. But the ruins before me are a mass of hideous ugliness and vile corruption-a nursery for deadly thorn and noxious weed-a breeding place for snakes and things to kill. True the ungainly mass is relieved by a few noble-looking pines, and here and there < an ancient sweet briar bush and wild rose, but the cumbrous, thickly-foliaged branches of the pines forbids the cheery rays of a passing sunbeam and1 cast a gloomy shade aronnd. Up to this year, near this unsightly mass of ruin, there was a fine; old apple and a .grand mulberry tree, under which, in years that are gone, I have rested in their kindly shade and enjoyed the good things they provided ; but now there is grey moss on the apple tree: it and its solitary companion in neg- lect are dead now, not a green leaf on either. A depressing sadness comes over one as we look on old and venerable trees, under which in hyegone years the young bairns have culled the buttercups and wild violets and the bairns of older growth have gleaned the ripe, rich, and luscious fruits, when these pleasures can be no more enjoyed. Yes! a sense of, sadness, but here this sad- ness is deepened by the memories the entire place awakens-a curse seems to cling to it-no one prospers who has ever had anything to do with it. Progress is hounded back by a dog-in-the-manger principle, which commenced by á gigantic blunder on the part of the early Governments of the land in making the huge grant of a million acres to an English company, and between this and the Stroud road on the one hand, and the Myall River on the other, there are between 60,000 and 70,000 acres with scarce a homestead worthy of the name. The whole place is cursed with the curse of greed, apathy, and indifference. The history of the place ! Ah, what tales might be recorded,-no, not recorded, but retold, tales of refined cruelty prac- tised on the poor unfortunates. The A. A, Com- pany's assigned servants, many of whom, for trivial offences, were condemned to long terms of banishment, and handed over to the tender mercies of beings who, holding a little brief authority, played such tricks before high heaven as made the angels weep. Poor miserable creatures whose spirit was crushed out of them, whose manhood was degraded, whose bodies were lined and seared with the cruel lash on the wretched plea of main- taining discipline. Happily this black blot on colonial history ia now only remembered as a relic of a barbarous age. Frem the Doctors my , path lies through a great clump of dead ti tree, whose ragged white bark looks dreary enough, but in the light of the " cold chaste I moon," as Shelley calls her, these trees cast wild, weird, ghost-like shadows all round. I ara no_ be- liever in ghosts, but in this place I have sometimes been overtaken with a feeling akin to fear or awe. More that once when only an occasioned gleam of moonlight was fliting across my path I have felt as if all the deuionB in Dante's Inferno were on my track and at my heels. Once while there I was chased by my own shadow, or fancied I was. My brain conjured up all sorts of fantastic shapes, Hamlet' a ghost, or King Saul's Witch of Endor, or that of the stricken Job, when fear came upon him, when his bones did shake and the hair of his flesh I stood up, when in the dread silence, in fancy's ear I could neara voice. When I was, as Charles Lamb says Like one that on a lonesomo road Doth walk in fear and dread. And, having onoe turn'd round, walks on And turns no more his head s Beoause be thinks a frightful fiend Dal h close behind him tread. When it was only a " wee cow'ring tjm'.r,ou5 beastie" hurting across my path, as much afraid of me, as I was of" it, or what is more likely a phantasm of a bothered brain. Which ever it was, the place I am speaking of is to me a dull, dreary spot, and has sometimea when the moonbeama fitfully played upon it, made the night hidious. On leaving this fear-creating, this melancholy looking, spot with my steps bent westward, I paBS through a broad flat of good land which is ruined with the wasteful grass spoken of-get my feet soaked and my lower gar- ments up to the knees, wet with dew. Turning slightly to the right I cross the Carrington-Stroud road. To the left standa the church, named after Scotland's patron saint, St. Andrew. JuBt here I could not reatrain the inward'chuckle, when I re- membered that Scotland'8 stern adherence to what she believed right was once a nasty thorn in the side of the faith here, by this church, represented. Jenny Geddes, to boot, but that is past. Yet I do not think that the " land o' cakes and sacred Sab- bath days," though her church has no bishops, haB been any poorer by the effects of that " cutty ? stool" business. The church isa neat but plain structure, which, after being in the keeping of moles and bats for over thirty years, was recently rescued from neglect and time'a decaying hand by the only wealthy person within a circuit of many mileB. It is at all times a pleasing relief and a joy to know that there are those in our midst who " care for these things," and devote a portion of their surplus wealth to such a noble and humanising purpose. Beyond the church, close to the harbour's edge, lies the almost " deserted village " ef Car- rington, not so called after his Excellency the Governor, as one of the Sydney papers so spitefully aaid, for the village bore the name before he was born. It consists of half-a-dozen of houses ; all except one embraced in the arms of ruin and decay. The exception, however, suggests comfort, persever- ing toil, and no little care. It has a never-failing kitchen garden, a good many fruit trees, a lovely flower plot, which ia juBt now giving great promise of an abundant supply of the " thinga of beauty." The love of the beautiful evinced here forma a atriking and very pleasing contrast to general dilapidation and ruin which surrounds it. As I cross the road mentioned, and skirt the base ' of a little hill, I catch a glimpse of Tahlee, the residence of the Hon. R. H. D. White, with its many straggling buildings, ancient and modern. This mansion nestles most beautifully on the slope of a hill, with a great towering, thickly wooded moun- tain as a baot ground. ! The varied tints cast out by the foliage of the young leaves on the old trees blend so nicely just now, as the first rays of the morning sun is diffusing üb soft light, turning the green into golden, and forming a pretty picture to look upon-a place where a poet might dwell in peace, and the fairies dance in the folds of the mountains. But away from these rarely-met creatures, Tahlee is a lovely place to look at, with its extensive orchard, the treeB of it having just burst their buds, and are putting on their robes of tender green leaves and blos- soms. Yonder, in the distance, I notice the tall staff, with its flag trying to catch the awaken- ing morning breeze and unfurl the clinging folds, to tell all around that the "lord of the manor" is at home. To Tahlee years ago an amateur rhymer gave vent to his admiration of the beauties of the place thus- - ' Tahlee 1 How charmingly it stands on high Hill side., How fair the aipeot it oommandi Of glorious landsoap»; bathed betimes in tints Of varying hues, mingling with early MOrnlng'sglitt'rlng dews, toned ana beautified, In perlect harmony, of light and shade Of calm or swelling sea, and sombre mountain, And sparkling water spreading far and wide, And num'rou« («lands dot the restless tide. (To be continued.) 