Archdeacon CFarraronm titler ti 'Preaching'. A Valuable Contribution. (From the Item, Tork Forum.) "' V "WE live in times when nearly all 'know how toread, and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of thepoorest. Nothing is more fatal to the pulpit titan that in Hie very subjects leitli which it deals it should be surpassed in knowledge by Ute pew. The printing-press must inevitably be a formid- able antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly be convinced that his training placed him immensely above tho stand-point of his hearers, and that in learning and knowledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, ho might be excused for adopting a somewhat dictatorial tone, and for assuming that his ipse dixit was sufficient to dominate; over tho opinions of his auditors. . . But when a preacher chooses to adopt such, a style in: these days a few are sure to be found,'even in village congregations," who have* a "right" to say .pf him,'1 Oui, autrerois ; 'mais npust a volts change tout, cela" ' Nothing' ÍB inoré offensive in the modern preacher, especially, when he is younga and/, raw'and ignbrantj than ; the.l-assumption'of ;any right tor.lay. down' tho' law on disputed topics.. ;He should; rather Endeavour to convince, and to/illus-. trate, and to persuade and to win/¡ iThe pul pit is rno -longer1 a coward's castle. ;- The! Ereach er can be answered, if anyone "thinks im of sufficient'importance to make it worth while to do so;-'His'most'self- important assertion's will be taken only for .what'"they are ' worth.' ' Exposure sooner or idler; await his "incompetence, ". His .'most aggressively,, ignorant dogmatisni will. be listened to with a smile, and will bo taken as a.measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will ^ tell , more powerfully aád :moró de-' servedly against the' modern preacher than fori'him to:givo himself the airs of the'medí-. oval; inquisitororthe domineeringpriest.^, ';,' ; There are 'twogreat "departments ofi kjiowi' .ledge;;:which;-: preachers aro constantly tempted to invade,-which no better equip- ment than thát' of''óLtráditióriál and unin- structed i opinion,' which has remained' un-1 : changed in the-midst of pr ogress,1 and which is often reñdéred'still more offénsive1 tiy be-1 ing ornamented'with a smattering pf imposr sibie apologetics.' -, They are the domains ,pf-, 'science.,and-, of : Biblical criticism.', In-.both domains'numberless' priests, and ;even '; whole générations' bf priests, and religious teachers,, have. maintained';, and ' enforced views ¡ which' ,are'entirely "false, T. The beacon light of pro- gress over every such sunken reef - of perse cuting ignbrance should serve' as¡'aborning' .tb ¿the modern','teacher tb avoid the arrogance 'or a nescience -..whichL'.takes itself for know-:, kdge- and denounces what it cannot under- stand.. . "'-' '?? ' ' - ?"?'? ' ; , .'.'. Í Itis plsrfeeHfy'.ttiüe.to; say.that therb.4s and, 'can''bb¡ no'; antagonism.between the'.Church'; 'and scienco, while "at the same time : there .is no more deplorable fact than the hostility to science winch' has; been ' displayed ''century, after' century by. the: immense majority/of thé .'Church s;ireprM^ few, indeed, of the'martyrs of science have them- selves!..'been priests-among them ¡ 'Roger Bacon, one of the.greatest of thém-aU ; but this;,hasnot/.saved.' them ..from'",years.,bf, anguish oriel persecution,' inflicted upon thein hy the inflated, and-ignorant intolerance- of. their''brethren /<. »'No-one' who is acquainted with' the! history"of science,arid has'sufficient, horiésfcy,jto<ac^ that scarcely-a Bingle truth,of capital impor- tance in'science -has ever been'enunciated without7 having'',tb struggle for'life'against the fury,of theological dogmatists',,,, In every instance the dogmatists, have :been ighomin-: iously - defeated. 'The-j world'', moved,! as1 Galileo .said it: did, in spite of the. Inquisi- tion; 'Â^grèat; Puritan divine thought..that he. had checked the progress of astronomical inquiry^when-. he> said' that he preferred to .bel ¡eve tho'-Holy Ghost rather than Newton; yet 'Nëvvtbn' wasf absolutely right,' arid ' the; Puritan,'divino was*hopelessly, wrong..., Z <, |.,.'u 1 ? Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against the early geología j and one' religious oontrbvè'rsiàlistÂ- with' tho '-exquisite ' 'culture, and,.'.", sarivity:, .'.; which V marks " the^ .p'rdinaryV language of .self-sufficient bigots-satisfied himself that during the ages which preceded' the. creation''? God had been preparing' a hell; for, the geologists.'.'.,'Yet, before ' BO] years, had; .elapsed,', the rejection of the truths whioh paleontology had revealed would' have,'been' 'regarded as the mark of-an.idiot.' 'Tho meir pf science'quietly advanced in . .their,1 sacred task of deciphering.the letters which God had inscribed i upon tho rocky tablets of the earth, leaving ' the theologians to ' square their Biblical ' objections', with' 'the' now.' revelation as best they could. In' our own time, to give.but one'instance more, we have heard from' preachers,'; and sometimes' from' men, who could barely scrape through tho Jmatricu: lation ofl a tenth-rate college, the most furious; .denunciations of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution.'. ''Darwin' himself' opposed ,to, these tirades;";; the ', silence ', of : a magnanimity top noble;,byéri-for the" indulgence; of .private disdain.. 'And already not a few theologians adopt the thebry bf'evolution as-one'; which can. .'be1 applied;in even/' wider, regions . than those of nuv'sics. - - '.- . " ."-'?. ,.*,.' vi Letthe.modern preacher learn a - little .wisdom, a'little modesty a little suspension of .júdgnwrit'J^om tlie_ duajstroue^araals. 'pf .the post." "Hil corses, "like cliiöSens,- :_will only come, ;home, to roost. .¿'No truth, "of .science can collide with.any trúth'óf religión.. "God has revealed himself in - nature,: of - which science is the interpreter, as He had revealed himself m^'Scripture,..of ;which theplogy'is tho exponent. If mon of science hnvb'often misread, for. a time, tho teachings of-God's works, theologians have demonstrably' erred I-and that far.'.'more egregiously, ;arid'for ages together/and' with'&r; more ''[dímsítrous. consequences-as to the true ; meaning of God's word. God speaks in many , voices, and has more books'than one. ; Let; all religious teachers, above all let ignorant and unscientific teachers! abdicate at-once their insolent pretension, to .decide ex cathedra on new scientific ? discoveries and theories. They are wholly incompetent ! to pronounce any opinion upon them. Let, them'; leave to science the things that belong to science. Science. : is "perfectly able to take care of herself. ; If her'sons are often hasty in their inductions and generalisations, they have no monopoly pf error. . The light of. God will show what their opinions aro worth..; If those opinions be erroneous, they will- be refuted on scientific grounds ; and the lesson of historic experience proves that if they be correct, all other weapons, whether they protend to be sacred or not, will be of no avail against them. 'When, as is too often the case, a preacher poses as " Sir Oracle " against some scientific theory, while he is as conspicuously ignorant of science os he is of most other subjects, he presents a spectacle which ia ridiculous alike to gods and nw.n.. "'.' 