TMERYBimLE PAPBBS -A . - : : ' --fr .. :!.- My belief in motherly love, at least as far at : KaWtoorn, ris cohoeimed, received quite "knock-down blow" in connection with the alleged baby-farming cases that were being ventfl&ted; in the local court on Tuesday. Mr. Westiey, the chairman of the Bench, turning to | a young and prepossessing mother; asked her I if ehe identified the ohild, to which she replied inja / ./J 9 have you looked;7 at the chtid? ' to which, the mother rotor tedc ' My God; womati ! " exclaimed the cliair- map, " have you ever been a mother.' . " Oh, yes," continued the other, glancing over her shoulder, fit: the infant lio fh then in court. " Oh, yes ; but I won't swear that it's mine." To which the chairman, leaning for ward towards the. woman, in slow and measured tones thus detiyeredlnmfielf ; ""Woman, to my owii personal knowledge yon have for the last tiuee, hours, been ritting next to toe child without in any way manifesting the least maternal curiosity as to whether it was your own baby or not; and you call yourself a mother ! Why a brute would know its own cub." And it struck me that the remarks of toe chairman were richly deserved. » And that reminds me that a police magis trate must have five years experience as a barrister, and this mayor of Hawthorn, who is only a solicitor, has an amount of acumen and common-sense that would not be gained by a fifty years' experience at the bar. After wit nessing this case, and hearing this Mr. Westiey, I came to the conclusion that solicitors were much more eligible for the posts of police magistrates than barristers. As showing the rate of speed with which the Yictorlan railways glide peacefully along, no better illustration could be afforded the public than the little adventure that recently eventu ated in Stawell, and which the local paper, in a wildly humorous article and a big cross-heading, terms " A Smart Capture." A youthful millionaire Dumout had been robbed of his wealth — some £9 — by one Waters. The latter dashed on to the plat form of the Stawell railway station with his ill-gotten gains; but the "strong arm of the law " was at hand in the person of Constable Blanchfield. Waters had tucked himself up snugly in one of the comers o a carriage, the whistle sounded, and the train steamed out of tlie station. Arriving on the platform, the officer,- hurriedly acquainting himself with the facts of the case, had just time to catch a parting glimpse of the long j line of carriages gracefully turning a curve. | Undaunted, the officer started out in pursuit. J Eti route he met with several tumbles over signalling apparatus ; but, listen to this— after a smart run he succeeded in overtaking the train, capturing Ms man; and finding the money planted in the boots of the " offender." ' Passing Poverty Point tlie other mo in in g I was accosted by a poor player, who, taking me into his confidence/ explained that he was the " most Unfortunate man in Melbourne " up to the time of our going to press. " I have," said he, " just missed a twelve months' engagement by being five minutes too late." I sympathised with him for the time being, but altered my opinion pretty considerably when a stranger to me approached the actor and launched out. " Look here, Mr. -i— , I'm just about full of yem Here you've been hoarding regularly at my hotel for the last fourteen months, three meals a day, .find you've never, parted up a red cent." I turned and fled. In connection with the arduous task of picking a representative Australian Eleven, Mr. Boyle in one of his neat little speeches stated i that in all' probability " our boys" would win two out of the three test matches against the All England Eleven/ Yes; well, I hope they'll conquer ; jstill I have my doubts; The Deane an&KaiTyMtoineEB; has been finally settled, and neither go to the old country. With Boyle as manager, my readers will join me in not only wishing the' team icw. voyage but further, may they get there just the same and "play old Harry." t . "The Australian Barnum," a dealer in cannibals, three-legged calves, two-headed ducks, etc., etc., is about to take, be tendered, or rather to have a benefit in Melbourne on Friday week. This gentleman is known in private life as Mr. James Grilly. and giants, dwarfs, skeletons, and the like have promised to put in an appearance, so that the "ghost " should walk. It strikes me that the man who can afford to' keep a cannibal must be a genius. They should be hard to look after, especially at tike "ire ' As an extra draw, however,- the CriHy cannibal on too night of too. benefit intends to oblige by eating one of toe - audience, "if the latter is', agreeable." \- ; . - JOHN PEEBYBINGLE. i . ii L i ' n ji i The will of the late Mr. Alexander Arm strong, of W arrambine, grazier, was filedonTues- day. It was dated 16th March, 1878, and he died in January, 1890. The amount of the estate, is. £222,000 (£98,000 being fealty, and £l24,OOO Msd£Mty). He leaves all to his family, except £100 each to toe Widows and Orphans, the Aged and Infirm Ministers/and SuatenferionFunds of the Presbyterian Church; £60 each to too Heathen and Home Missions ; and £100. tq the Bev. Mr. Spurgeon for his church and institutions. The executors are the' widow and son of deceased, ' 