STASE WHISPERS .?'.; [By 'MAivouo.'J '' ;'; The Holloway-Howe Dramatic ,Cdmpany conclude a good fortnight's 'business at the Academy ta*a evening., Though Frank. Harvey's dramas, 'The World. Against Her' and 'The Land' of the Living' are; not of a very high standard from a literary point of view, they have been interesting to Lnunceston theatre- goers, , as thuy have never been staged in Lauhcestoh before. 11 The Magistrate opened the second week of the season, and was well received, ' Judge Not ' followed, and to-night ' The Eiug of Irou ' will be given us once more. .Ur G. H. Suazelle wound up his North ern tour at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday. His last three days were the best he has had in the North despite the fact that ho had to run against the Academy attractions. The Tusmaniau scenes evonea mucn numirauon irom r,ne nudieuce, and we understand they will form a portion of ilr Snuzelle's future, programme. The Lynch family of bellringers com meuce a season at the Academy of Music in this city on Tuesday next. The Royal Comic Opera Company lett by steamer on February 25 for, New Zealand, where they do a five months' tour; George Musgrove wus down seeing a big crowd off —64 of them. Principals-- Billie Elton, Leumane, fm.;no, Kiau ird, Alerivale. Pol lird.and the rest — were there. Tho chorus, 13 of an orchestra, with Cnron at their head, and scenic artist, unri leading atu(se hands al! floated away to Maorilanrl. iVhur; do you thick the fares alone cost, ? 'A li?tlo chi que ' for £13431 Pretty stiff, isn't it ? Immediately on thti- rr- turn they open at the Pciacean in ' The Gondoiicra.' The firm of Williamson, Garner, and Muu grjvo is dissolvBd from the 4th of ilurcb. Existing contracts are to be mutually ou fldrrfld nut t-.hA inf.Arafafa in f.hb r.hun('i.aa ura divided. Williamson and Garner take the Melbourne Royal and Princess and Ade laiOe's Royal, while Musgrove holds Sydney's Royal. It may be that H. H. Vincent will remain in Melbourne aud manage for Musgrove, who may arrange to work in with the MacMahons at the Opera House. 'The Federal Banner of' United Aus tralia' is the title of a now baritone song, written and composed by Lieut. Stephen Pegum, and dedicated by permission to Lord Carrington, and forwarded to me by Messrs. Hop wood and James. It is ».n inspiriting air, with a rousing chorus for soprano, alto, tenor, and bass. The cover is ornameuted with a likeness of a Ne-v South Wales cavalry officer bearing the united banner. In Sydney ' Caste ' is drawing like a magnet at the Criterion. — 'Little Lord Fauntleroy ' . has touched the hearts and pockets of the Sydney people properly. There's a lot of difference in the repre sentation of Miss Hopkins and Miss Berkley (says on exchange) and instead of runuing each for a week the manage ment wisely determined that they should play on alternate nights. George Darrell writes 'Q' from Dunedin under date 12th irist:— 'Business excellent here, notwithstanding the Exhibition, which is a great opposition.- 'The Pakoha' has caught on Bplendidly. The critics unanimously pronounce if; the best play I have yet written. Next week. I produce ' The Lucky Lot,' ' Caradoc's Crime,' and ' Forlorn Hone.' It. is the rims -wank, nnd I anticipate doing tremendous bis. I shall leave for Melbourne, in all probability, by Wairarop, on 28th February.' Some of the members of the London Pavilion Company have been left in Ade laide lamenting. because the ghost won't walk. They are negotiating for payment by the aid of a lawyer, as several, of them desire to return to England to their wives and families. ' It is hoped that an amicable settlement will be arrived at. Jolly Nash and two or three vocalists hnvn Vipati TiinTiinof fin n.t.trno.f.i'irft liM-.la ahnin entitled ' Be Merry and Wise ; or a Lecture on Laughter,' at Garner's Booms during the week, and doing fair business, but not com mensurate with the merits of the show, which is good enough to attract large audi ences. No doubt Jolly will run it through the colonies with good success.— The theatre is still closed. It is announced in a Melbourne paper thet William Sweetman, with a first clnes Minstrel and Variety Company, left Lon don on January 3, bound for Australia. The E/-a says that William Rignold was to sail on the 31st ult. per s.s. Iberia, Orient line, accompanied by his daughter (Bessie) nnd niece, for Sydney, to produce 'Nowadays,' for his brother George, at Her Majesty's, at Easter, and hopes to return to England in the late Autumn. William considers he has been more suc cessful at Jack Saxton than in nny pait he has ever played in this country, and hopes to make the piece a 'go von the other side. The following tit bits about old friends are from she Sportsman :— Jennie Leo's in town and may go to to New Zealand and Queensland.— Liddy is down in Melbourne from the other side and will arrange for Richards here and Jennie Lee elsewhere. — Richards will open at the Palace de Varieties shortly. — Willie Walton and those who came out with him for the pantomine, return to England by the mail steamer on Friday. — Johnnie O'Neil, one of our dra; matic identities, and a jolly good fellow, takes a ben, at the Hibernian Hall on Fri day, and see you be there, mind you. — Harry Raynor, of the brothers who were out here, is dead, and so's Jenny Rogers, of the Prince of Wales, Birmingham. — Bland Holt's at Ballarat. — Simonsen's crowd were at Panola on Monday and work their way to Adelaide. — In answer to correspondent, I cannot nnd out here where the Herbert King circus is, They may see this and let me know. Mrs James Brown Potter, the gifted American actress, made her first appearance in Australia at the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne, on Saturday evening last. The Age critic thus describes her: — Mrs Potter's figure is moderately tall, but so slender as to verge upon the borderland of attenua tion. Her arms are thin, and there is an entire absence of roundness or contour of chest. Her head, set upon a long neck, is surmounted by red gold hair, very rich in color. The face is strangely enough immo bile, but in it is set a pair of lovely eyes, and within the straight mouth a set of brilliant teeth. When the.' eyes are lit up nnd the lips partly opened the face becomes for a moment strangely beautiful and radiant, but beauty and radiance disappear as soon aa the features are composed, leav ing the picture dull and somowhat uninter esting. The lady's speaking voice is a deep contralto, and if it were not bad form, according to modern ideas, to. so describe it,, it might : be, termed rough and unmusi cnl. Occasionally it has pathetic cadences, which run like a streak of golden thread through a woolley fabric, relieving and brightening it, i.ut otherwise it cannot in any sense be called a nice voice. In its use the influence of the church is notice able. If Mrs Potter were a man we should say plainly that she preached, for she utters whole sentences in monotones that have a distinct and decided flavor of the pulpit. As an example of this the words of her reply to Duval when questioned as to the cause of her faintness can be quoted. To his query, ' What is the matter, Camille ?' she says, ' Nothing ; I want air, I am on fire.' There was not a shade of inflection in her answer, which is de livered in a deep heavy single tone like a long drawn ' Amen.' In manner and ap pearance she is extremely elegant, al though some of her movements ore not jraceful. They are sinuous and leonine in their quickness, but this is n trick of the modern stage that every aspirant has to acquire. As au actress Mrs Potter is full of contradictions. Occasionally there is a touch of intensity where its exhibition is not, required, and at times an affectation of gaiety or a smile where neither aro needed, ust as though her emotions were beyond ler control. It says something for her, however, that she was seen at her best in the best situations. Thus there wits one phase of true pathos, a ring of genuine womauly feeling, in tho scene where ehe first mnkes the snerifice of Arrnand's love at tho entreaties of Armand's father ; but the rosfc of the scenp was a lessou by rote and thoroughly artificial, while the subse ijitimt Tart'Wpll intervi&w; with her lover resolved itself into a low, slow doulogue, into the details of which the audience was not admitted, There wits certainly nothing in it, although almost the olitnax of the play, to the indicate the passion of re pressed feeling which is supposed to sweep over Oamille, and no evidence of any genuine dramatic power. In the ball room sceno where— after she had gone to live under the protection of the Count de Vaville — she again meets Armnnd, she reached a dramatic altitude which made it the more regrettable that her pirformnnce should havo_ been so very uneven. A torrent of emotions rage within her — the returning violence of her love for Armand, hate of her new protector, the abjectness of the despair and_ misery which force her to throw herself at his feet, tho one instant's confession that she still loves him more ardently than ever, andi finally her second renunciation of that love were almost over powering in their force and effect. In the death scene she was conventional, and the symptoms of physical exhaustion imme diately proceeding dissolution were so stagey and unfinished that the illusion of her death was not for one moment enter tained. In these days of stage luxury a tailor is no unimportant factor in the success of an actress, and of Mrs Potter's costumes it must be said that they are marvels of richness and models of sartorial art. 