.. l^rsowal. ??? '?? ..;,''.-.;??? Mn. C. E. Jennueret, who visits Mildura by this I lip of the Ellen (says the 'Cultivator'), is a much travelled man and a notable repre sentative: of- tho mother colony. For many years' be was proprietor of the Parramatla River line of steamers, and he projeoted and carried out the tramway constructed to run from the town of Parramatta to the terminus of the b earners on the river. JFor some years he represented Carcoar in the Parliament of New South Wales. He is a man of great business rapacity and resolute will. On his late trip to Kuropo he organised a syndicate to purchase mil further develop the river trado of the l'urramalta district. He is just tho Bort of practical man wo like to see looking round Mildura, for ho is well able to form a correct estimate of the place, and lie always travels with his eyes open. Mr. Russell, the N.S.W. astronomer, claims Id hnvo discovered a now universe. A good field forEgeson. His really ninxsing (says ' Frremari') when 1 lie N.S.YV. Assembly seriously talks about placing restrictions on inferior races. . Mr. Gladstone ban lost tho forefingor of his left hand. The loss of that linger was the worst result of Mr. Gladstone's curly, practice as a sportsman. ...... The dispute on the M'Kiulcy Tariff 15ill only strengthons tho belief that Canada must ulti mately unite with tho United States. Even such a partial authority. its Goldwiu Smith long ago expressed this opinion. AVhen Lord Hartingtou was asked to marry one of the Royal Princesses he said, 'Cannot you find some one else?' As a matterof fact, several English noblemen, warned by Lord Jjurno's fate,, liavo declined a union with Royalty. Kev. Newman Hall tells us that tho money spent in one year for alcoholic liquor would bo stillioient to supply ;cach human being on the globe with a copy of the Bible, or would support ?JUO.OOO missionaries at a salary of £200 each. Newman Hall is a modol Temperance Evan gelist. Some eleven ycais ago he was the central figuro of a sensational divorce case. I'Y.thcr Matthew's temperance crusade was vehemently opposed by the 'Times' and .the Tories' of the period. They believed that the elevation of tho Irish people must endanger Castle rule. Even to this day tho Irish magis trates recklessly grant licenses. One of them went so. far as to say that the country was going to the dogs since the decline of faction fighting. While the people were engaged in smashing one iiuother's heads they could not think on tho misdeeds of the landlords. It must be borne in mind that tho ministers ot the now disestab lished Irish Church were also opposed to Father Matthew. Lady Onslow last week gave birth to a sou at Government house, Auckland, is.Z. Mesars. Baring Brothers, London, have en gigcd to provido tho sum of £0,000,000 towards tho construction of waterworks at Buenos Ayrjs. The condition of the Countess of Jersey hns slightly improved, but the fever is still at a high pitch. .Dr. Barry, assistant Anglican Bishop of Rochester and lately Primate of Australia, has been appointed to a canonry of Windsor. On tho l'Jlh of February, 1803, the Supremo Pontiff, Leo XIII., will complete tho fiftieth anniversary of his episcopal consecration. Mr, .T. D. Fitzgerald, of Sydney, will pro ceed to stump tho provinces of England in col lecting money for tho relief of tho distress among the luto Australian strikers and their families. A marriago has been arranged between (he 1'riiicess Margaret of Germany, sister of the Ktnperor William, and tho Princo of Naples, tho only son of tho King of Italy. j ? i The llight Her. Dr. Gregg, Protestant j lUsliop of Cork, speaking in Cork, siud that whilst the i-elijrious character of tho Father Malhow celebration would, ho regretted, pre vent him from Inking part in it, ho wished it Well. Tho real truth about the King of tho Nolhurhimls, London Truth, tolls us, is that ho bus been in u state of drivelling idiotuy for more than six months, and all state affairs have been Uaiuncted by Queen Emma. William Morris, the socialist artist and poet, one of the lenders of tho Socialist movement in England, has abandoned the Socialist League, because that body has adopted, contrary to his iduas, a manifesto advising no rent pajmeuts, and advocating also u general strike. | Mr. George Itoucicault -writes ;to London, 'Truth' to nay that lie is a brother of the late Mr. Dion Boucicault, and that the state ment that the latter was the natural son of Dr. Dionysiue Lardener is without a shadow of truth. It is curious, marks Labouchere, how stories of th's kind gain credence, and it ia well that this tale should be thus authoritatively set at- rest. ? ? ? ? ' - ... : .: ??:??? ;? '' . '-., ?.:'- Ber Majesty proposes (says...' Truth ') to place a statue of the Emperor Frederick in the grouhdsof Balmoral, '-which' are crammed with memorials of tho Queen's deceased relatives and friends, while every hill-top in the neigh bourhood bears a cairn. There are only three statues — one of the Prince Consort, by Theed (representing him in Highland dress) ; : the . Jubilee Statue of the Queen; which was prc sented to her Majesty by her Scottish tenantry and servants; and a statue of John Brown, by Bochm, which occupies a conspicuous position on a wooded bank near the garden, ? Reforrhig to the proceedings of the late Auglioan Church Congress, London ' Truth ' October 9th says :— Dean Hole's readiug 'in history ' cannot have been very extonsiye if he has been unable to discover ' any princo who has shown li more earnest; practical, selfde nying interest in the welfare of the people than the Prince of AVales,' '.There.' is something quite nauseous in such abject twaddle, and there is no ono in tho country who will read it wi*h more amazement thau the Princo himself, and I should think that he will feel not a little disgusted. The late Mrs. General Booth was really tho founder of the latest phase of Protestantism. Into what various channels does that so-called private judgment finally run !? Look at tho number of divisions tliar havo sprung; from John Wesley alone. When the Jowishlook inir General Booth passes away the Salvation Army will in like. manner split-up. In faof it looked a few years ago as if ' Colonel Barker,' of Melbourne,. were going to run a Salvation Army on hit own account. This brought out a ' Commissioner ' from the ' General,' who, by the way, would have made an admirable advertising agent. Tho pettifogging meanness of the Admiralty in tho case of Staff-Commander MaoFarlane~; whoso rotireinant after his leg hadbeeh ampu tated was ante-dated by a few days in order to place it before his birthday, and so knock £10a vear,of£ his pension— has a very fair parallel (says Tktjtii) in the treatment of Staff-Commander Nunkiyell, This gallant officer was invalided on 'iccount of a disease (Bright's) which ho had -contracted- during bont-cruisinjr on the Zanzibar coast. His birthday being on July 16, his retirement was gazetted July 14; thus saving a grateful coun ti y tho princely sum of .Co a year for such time aa tho unfortunate officer may livo. Such treatment is rendered tho moro indecent by the fact that while this shabby parsimony is shown to one class of officers, othors are treated with reckless profusion. A lottor from Messrs. Cassell in the Times lots in some interesting light on ih'.r profits of religious authorship. Here is thoir statement of tho moneys received by Archdeacon Farrar on thut uoeount : — From the 'Life of Chrht' .. .. £2,005 ,, '-Life of St. Paul' .. -1.3:j:5 ,, ' Early Days of Christianity' 2,400 . Total ? ? £8,738 There have been many comments at Vienua upon tho flint that the Emporor William slept nt- tlm nnlnrn of Snhnnhnnm in the room in whiuh the Duo do Reiehstadt died, for this apartment has the reputatiion of being haunted, and no momber of the Imperial family had ever consented to occupy it. Apart from tho possibility of his repose being disturbed by tho appearance of a ghost, tho Emperor William must have been impressed by tho reflection that ho was sleeping in tho room in which Napoleon's son read, in tho middle of the night, the history of his fathers life, which had beon surreptitiously brought to him by a servant. 