THE Courting ofDinah S M d BY RUDYARD KIPLING. (Continued from. So. S3.) "Did I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine ? " . I dissembled a burning anxiety that I had felt -for some months—ever since Dinah. Shadd,. the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had. of her own good love, and free will washed a shirt for me, moving in a barren land where washing waanot. " I can't remember," I said casually. " Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction ? " The story of Annie 'Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many episodes in 'Mulvaney's chequered career. " Before—before—longbefore, was that business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. ' Never woman was the worse for me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to. kape all things in place—barrin' the ' dhrink, that kapes me in my plaee wid no' bora^F camin' to be aught else." * * iB^pn tiie beginning," I insisted. told me that you niafriiaS^r ifiliBh you were quartered in Krab Bokhar barracks." " Ajh.' ( the same is a cess-pit," said Mulvaney, piously. " She spoke tlirue, did Dinah. 'Tiras this way. Talkin' av that, have ye iver fallen in lbve, sorr ?" I preserved the silence of the damned. Mulvaneycontinued— * " Thin Twill assume that ye have not. I did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans't tould you, I was a man that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl av women. Never man was hated as I have bin. Never man was loved as I— no, not within half a day's march av ut! For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut—an' that's more than most men«an say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av liiven, I cud play wid four womon at wanet, an' kape them from findin' out anythin' about the other three, an' smile like a full-blowit marigoldT'through-.ut all. Dick Coulhan, av the battery, we'll have down on us tonight; could driveliis team no better than . I mine, an' Iiiild the worser cattle ! An' so I liv'cdj an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin—she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an 4 taught me where I stud in the mind av an honoEt woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. " Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk thought to my reg'mental work; conceiting mesilf I wud study an' be a sargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top ov av my ambitiousness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill , ut. Sez I to mesilf: 'Terence, you're a great man an' the best set up in the reg'- liient. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me, 'what for!' Sez I to mesilf : * For the glory have ut!' Sez mesilf to me: 'Will that fill these two strong arrums av yours, Terence ?' ' Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. ' Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' ' 'Tis the same tiling,' sez I to mesilf. 'Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considhered onuta long wliile. Did you iver feel that way, sorr ?" I snored gently, knowing that if Mulvaney were uninterrupted hewould go 011. The clamour of the bivouac fires beat up to the stars as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. " So I felt that way, an' a bad time ut was. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more for the sake av spakin' to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimrnen folk. I was a corp'ril then—rejuced aftherwards, but a corp'ril then. I've a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' You'll take a cup av tay, wid us?' sez he. 'I will that,' I sez, tho' tay is not my divarsion.' ' 'Twud be better for you if ut were,' sez ould Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know for Shadd, in the ind av liis service, dhrunk bung full each night. " Wid that I tuk off my gloves—there's was pipe-clay in tliim, so tliat they stood alone—an' pulled up my chair, lookin' round at the china oinamints an' bits av things in the Sliadds' quarters. They were things that belonged to a man, au' no camp tit, here io-day afl* disliipated next. 'You're comfortable this place, sergint,' says I. ' 'Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' sez he, pointin' the stem av his pipe to ould Mother Sliadd, an' sh smacked the top av his bald head upon the compliment. ' That manes you wants money,' sez she. "An' thin—an' thin, whin the kittle was to be filled, Dinah came in—my Dinah-y-her sleeves' rowled up to the elbow an' her hair in agowlden glory oyer her forehead, tho big blue eyes beneath twinklin' like stars on. a frosty night, an' the tread av her two feet lighter than waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ord'ly* room whin ut's emptied. Bein' hut a shlip av a girl she wont pink at >eein' me, an' I twiBted me moustache an' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." "I suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till eveiybody in the married quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down tho gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read the Soldier's Pocl;cb Book, which niver any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as tho' the sunlight had gone too)—'Mother av hiven' sergint,' says I, but is that your daughter ? ' ' Ive believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', ' but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'ry other woman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see her before ?' sez I. ' Bekase you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid die- ^spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd.. ' I'll thrapese no more,' spz I. ' D'you mane that ?' sez oald Mother Shadd, lookin' at me side-ways like a hen looks at a hawk when the chickenB are runnin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez J. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an' went out av the house as stiff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av my back out av the sculleiy window. Faith ! that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av the spurs to jingle.. "I wint out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thmkin', but ut all came round to that shlip av a girl in the dotted blue dhress,- wid the blue eyes an' the syarkil m them. Tliin I kept off canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or near by on the chanst av mectiii' Dinah. Did I meet her 1 Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in.iny tiiroat, as big as my valise, au' my heart goin' like a farrier's forge on a Saturday morning !' 'Twas ' Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' ' Good day t'you, corp'ril.' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken botune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed me my shirt. "Ye may laugh,"'gruntedMulvaney. " But I'm speakin' the trut', tin' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperiousness out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the niornin' she had. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks' standin' off an' on, an' niver makin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummerboy grinned in me face whin I had admonished him wid the buckle av my belt for riotin' all over the place. ' An' I'm not the only wan that "doesn't kape to barricks,' sez he. I tuk hiih by the scruff av his neck—my heart was hung on a hair-thrigger those days, you well understand—an' 'Outtpid ut,' sez I, 'or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' ' Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. ' Dempsey which ?' sez I, ' Ye unwashed limb of Satan.' ' Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' sez he. ' He's seen her-home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' ' Child V sez Idhropping him, 'Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhressed you-down.' 'At that I went four ways to wanst huntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fit to trust on a mulethrunk. Presinfcly I found him in our lines—the Bobtails was quartered next us —an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule he was wid his big brass spurs an' his plastrons on his epigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a hair. " 'A word wid.you, Dempsey,' sez 1. ' You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone. 4 - " ' What's that to you V sez he. ' I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futted, clod-brakin' infantry lauce-corp'ril.' " Before I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an' down I went full sprawl. ' Will that content you ?' sez ho, blowin' oil his knuckles for all the world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. ' Contint !' sez 1. ' For your own sake, man, take off your spurs—peel your jacket ap' on' glove. : Tis the beginrin' av the overture ; stand up !' e " He stud all he know ; but he niver peeled liis jacket, an' his. shoulders had no fair play. 1 was fightin' for Dinah Shadd $n' that cut on my cheek. What hope had he forninst me? .'Stand up,' sez T, time an' again whin he. was beginnin' to quarter the ground an' gyard high an' go large. "This isn't ridin'- school,' sez I. * O, man, stand up an' let me get at ye.' But whin I saw he wud be runnin' about, I grup his slitock in my left an', his waist-belt in my right an', swung .him clear to my right front,-head undlicr, he hammeriii' my nose till the wind was knocked out av him in the bare ground. ' Stand up,' sez I,'or Til kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. 4 My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So I helped him'back." " And was his collar-bone broken ?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish- that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder- point. It was. Next day the news was in both barracks; an 1 whin I met Dinah Shadd. wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin*, corp'ril,' or aught else. ' An' what have I done, Miss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, planfcin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass the time of day 1" " ' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Dempsey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. " ' May be,' sez I. ' Was he friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a fortnight?' "'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. ' An'— an' what's that to you f' "' Ask Dempsey,' sez I, purtendin' to go away. " * Did you fight for me then, ye silly man ?' she sez, tho' she knew ut all along. " * Who else ?' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' in her apron. " * That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall I say ut 1' "'Yes,'sez she 4n a saint's whisper, an' at that I explained mesilf; and sh»s tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many that is a woman, hears wanst in. his life. " ' But what made ye cry at startin', Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. "'Your—your bloody cheek,' sez she, duekin' her little head down on my sash (I was duty for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undher the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand, to ould MotherShadd like two little childher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her own room. That day I throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha picked the sun out av the sky for a live eoal to my pipe, so magnificent I was. But 1 tuk -recruities at squad - drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin 1 shud ha' been balance-steppin' em. Eyah! that day ! that day ! " A veiy long pause. '' Well ?" said I. "It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, •with an enormous sigh. "Au' sure I know that ev'iy bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints—not enough to turn tho hair of a man in his natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, ail' that canteen beer was so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it came about, but bekax I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck ~ five minutes, bekase the- breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters an' I must stay talkin' to a redheaded Mullengar heifer ava girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen-sergint—the black curse av Shielygli be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be continued.) " AN' THIN, 'warn THE KITTLE -WAS TO BS FILLED, DINAH CAME IN—MY KIN AH." 