The Phantom Ship. ; ; , . ^ I BY MARIE J. GALE. " Tho Palatine 1 The Palatine I" These words passed from lip to lip as the danccrs poured out of the hotel jjarlors to gazo a; something away off on the murky Waters that spanned tha shores of Block Island. Tfao evening was dork and dreary. Only now and then a star struggled into view from behind a cloud, and the pzcity girls and the few beaux that could be mastered from the whirl of the cities preferred ft dance in doois to "spooning " en the piazza. So when eomcouu futnouneul the appearance o! tho uueauuy PaUuirie, very few vscjo able to I catch a glimpse of the fiery viiiou before it disappeared. " What 13 tha Palatine?" inquired Ivile Willard of tha Harvard student upon whose arm Bhe hung. " Have you ntver heard of Block Island's famous ghost? Mi?a Willard, you know every place of any note basics spsoky legend, and this eea girt isle ia not behind the rest of the world, ia faot, hero the supernatural takes upon itself a unique form in the shape of a sea ghost; in other word?, it i3 a burn ing Bhip that ia seen off the shore and then disappears." " Do tell me more about it. I love to hear legends," said Kate. " Well, once upon a time-that ia the way to begin a story, I believe-when many.of the islander a here were wreckers aud pirates, they wrecked, robbed and burned a slip called the Palantine. As a reminder of thia dread ful deed the burning phantom appears oaca Bionally, soma say to herald a death on the island." " IIow interesting! And that v;as the phantom tbpt appeared juat now t How I wish I had ace.1 it!" said Kate. Excusing herself, she ran to her room for a wrap and again sought the piazza, now quite deserted. Perching heraelf on the rail ing, she thought: " I don'S believe it was the Palatine-I don't believe in the phantom at all. But I shall watch here, and perhsp3 the illusion may appear again. Of coureo there is no thing supernatural about a light at eea. How foolish the islanders must be to believe such a thing 1" Philip Dayton did not see Kate as he and three other men stepped out on the piazza a I fewmoments later. She hugged the pillar against which she leaned very closely, with I the hope that Bhe might pasa for a portion I of it. Kate was not on the best of terms with Phil Dayton ; she had been treating hitn badly, and deserved no pity if lie looked supremely indifferent to her bewitohing black eyes. "We can enjoy our osgarB down by the shore, where wo shall be moro likely to see the a hip if it appears again." It was Philip who spoke, and the four men . i descended the steps and hastened away. I "I will go too ; I can easily keep them in sight, and oven if I do not, there is nothing J to harm me on this quiet island," said Kate I so herself, as she slipped down from the rail isg and hurried afcer tho group. . Tha men walked very fash, and Kate was about to start" itito a run, in order to keep shsm in Bight, when Bhe' heard a heavy tread behind her. This was alarming*; but worse j was to come; before she .had talTdJ^ many more stopa she felt herself seized, tftitLQ large, coarse hand was firmly placed .across her mouth, while a ttiiok voice sounded close in her ear. ' : "I bava you now, my fine lady! Yoa would not walk with me or even speak to me when I hung round you by the beaoli. But I have you now! Tho old Palatine out there haa not Bhown up for nothing 1 There's to be death on thia island to- night-death, death!" ~ Kate's blood froze in her vein?. She tried vainly to struggle, but the strength of a giant held her fast^end the procure on hor mouth was suffocating. She felt herself hurried along by her captor. Presently, at a rr.fo distance from tho hotel, the hand was with, drawn and a handkerchief substituted, hut b9foip it was tightly sreured a stilled, agonised scream escaped her. "Kenp still 1 Yelling won't do no good. Ycu re doomed-dconied-doomed I I wanted you for my bride, but now that can uevcr be. Tha old ship out there 13 a sign of death; The List time it appeared my faiher died, and the ticae beforo ray grandfather. Nov/ it is my turn, and you must go before mo. I shall givo ycu a fiery draih, for you are a witch. , You have bav/itabed me." did not faint in r>pito of her terror. She recognised her captor as a half crazed idir.-der. Jla was known to her only as Am;\ziah~Ziih ho wa3 most frequently called. His brain had bsea cracked,' to his neighbors said, by reading blood-cutdling iiteratmo. He had pcrsiHsntly annoyed Kate during her daily rambles, and she bad always repelled him with unconocaled dia gust. A thousand appalling thoughts occurred to tho poor girl. That she was in the power of a madman Bfce fully realised. What was he going to do with hsr ? Would he really burn her as ho intimated ? Oh, if she had not troubled herself about the phantom ship I Surely tho old Palatine did portend evil, and that to others beside the Ulook Islanders, Where were Phil Dayton and hia friends ? If she cou'd only make him hear he would forget that she had been a silly trifler when ho saw the terrible danger Eho was ia. ?iah took her in his arms and with rapid strides carried her to a remote part of the shore, toward an old hut that stood filniOBt ruined and quite alone. Entering it, he placed her on a rioketty bench and with strong corda bound her fees and hand3. Then he lashed her to the bench itself. Now, my darling, this shall be yourfunercl pyre. In India they burn widows after their husbands die, but I chooss to gee mv love HO before me." _ lie gathered together ail the loose materials in the hut, soma papers, a little firewood, and an old stool which he broke up and placed under th8 bench. Great drops of perspiration were standing oa Kate's forehead. She rolled her head from side to side ia agony. The rubbin" of the handkercbi&f; against tho bench loosened it, and before Ziah was aware of what his viotim was doing, she gave one loud, terrific scream and then another. The maniac sprang toward her. «' I could knock yon on the head and keen you aiill," he said as ho tightened the hand" kerchief with cruel force, " but I don't want to stun yGu. I want you to feel the lira. It will purify your soul and make you fit to join ma to- morrow. You will bti bnrnt to a cinder before they miss jou, and before usy dawns I shall be dead too." " I Kate tried again to loosen the galling j handkerchief, but Ziah had done his work | well, and eho could ecream no more. 1 The maniac lit a match, and, to Kate's in decoribable terror, applied it to the paper, which soon began to ignite tho wood. In auother instant her clothing would cafceh. She gave up all hope of life, and tried to j irame in her heart the prayer which her poor, I bound lips were wholly unable to utter. I But help was near. At thia very moment j a terrible pounding reeounded on the door, j and ahno&t; immediately the rotten old tim beis gave way. Ziah sprang forward like r. wild Deasi, but three athletic pairs of prnis caught him and held him fast* while Pnilip Dayton kicked away the fire a-odcut the cords that so cruelly bound poor Kate. Then she fainted, and Philip bore her tenderly out of the burning hut, while his friends bound the i madman and led him to a place of safety. All that night Kate lay prostrated, but ! when her rollicking brotSer Iku came down ! on the boat from Isewport next day she was j well enough to listen to his cubgisms on I Phil's bravery, not without a tell-tale blnsh, i however. j ' "I thought you were going a irip to I Canada this weefe," she said to him. 685) 1 " Oh, I ohau^it my mini," iia uuawerea "You fcco Jack Luo3 wauted ono moro to "aiafcc tip hia yaahiir g party fct' N'.wporMiart | the temptation was too great1. We arrived thero early this morning. By the way, we were sailing ofi hero laBt night. Did wo f*e Ike Palatine? Oh, no I I wieb wo had, ?of really, Kate, I think it is a oigu of a wed diog from the loofca cf things." Ban sauntered toward the door, asd R9 ho wont oat without even a backward glance, ho added : " To think of our red fire creating piich a EccEation ! 0, Knillible humanity I Super etition did not dio wish the dark ages." 