REMARKABLE CATS. Tub following feline gossip Tve have gn tiered from TarinoB aourrea, rnd now Iqv before our>|eaderB for their irinuBC- menL ' ... ' IVhile cyita hjayc pcfii kziotnh, like ine fatnllhed m9tli6re -.In Jerusalem, to evour tSirir gtbtv twBifilng, tlicy Imif; alio bacu tnotrii, whria bfepnvefl of tliair kiReuB, to ndopt ybuog Awea, Aedgfiliom, rati, "gd, cvencbict&nB.; Tlie unusuKl sight of n rnt and five voung in the eutuc j'.cst with. a cat and tliroc kitccnp nas 1>0<mi seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially erv dcrcr st opening doon» ; others deplor able poachers on wcekdny?, Iwcnoic the very rinlc of propriety as booh as Sabbath- day conies rouoil, Besides being en)ital hunters nod mole-CAtdiers, others can lisb, ring door-bells, steal cream, end break eggs in a uinst. s>-stematic mauncr. But let the following anecdotes speak for them selves:— The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of « mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, had surely something in common with the human speculator and qunck who does pretty neiirly the same tiling through n news paper ndvortiscmenL "While tilnck cats are supposed by the superstitious to Iihvc some connection with thugiivil One, others mnhc capital ghosts. A'fartnhousi! in the north country wns haunted by nn invisible ghost, which, for a considerable limp, had horn in the habit of rintrinii a i certain bell, and' the tnrvsl liimenfnblc i results were about to follow, when the j fcmcT with the family Bible, and a student ! with n bottle of whisky, sat up nil night I and eflcetua.lh- laid the glmst. It was dis covered, very much to their satisfaction, that the bell had bocn rung by puss in her I effort to seiro the handle, which consisted j of ri hare's foot, Jinny people hr.ve heard I of 1 1 il' plougiiman'e wise cud nffecliunnte | cat M'jsir. A ploughman at the foot of i lie Ocliils hud been long i - his liome wns ; in poverty— wlion the doctor snid the poor man would die if his strength wna not kept up by stimulants and animal food. Ia'I the sequel be told in the words of the plniiglminn'6 wife. " I put own. my iniirriiipc gown and ring to get him wine; butwe had. naetliing in the house but milk and siut.I. fsurelv, fiir. it was the Jxml Himself that put if into that cat's heart ; far that same night she brought in n fine young rabbit, and laid it on the verva bed ; and ine nc\t nigni ine souir, aiiu cm.m niglit the same for a month, while's a rabbit nnd whiles a bird, till Genrgo was u) and going to Ids work as usual. But she never brought anything hanic after that," The ingenuity slionn by cat- in opening doors is si-nietitnes reiniirknliln. A large cat in the country wris in the huhil of opening the door for himcir in the folh.nv- iug manner. The Ifiintlle of the riunr was one of the old fnslsonod hoonert hind, which required to be grasped nnd the latch jiressisl with the thumb. He leapt on to the window-sill, which was near the door, sprur.g from their and caught the hoop with lis forvpuw, and hung on until he pressed down the latch with the other - this apr ration requiring considerable force — when th? door swinging open. pu«s ilrrrppcrt to the Ilonr. and quietly walked in. In a like ingenious manner, a cat has Ixn known to open a kitchen-dresser door by working the bar which acted as u faster, er round from n licrizonta! to a perpendicular position, nn-1 thus gaining ingrcs". A correspondent Ecr.df us ti:e following : " A friend of mine has n rat w hich gives a double knock at tlie street-door when it wants to pet in. The house has a Mile lionr which has the upper panel? giaff, and the knocker is placed Ixuaw this, ?u that hy sUimling on it? hind- logs it can reach the knocker, which it takes hob! of with both paw? ond gives a regular double knock". Visitors who do not know Tom's lmnrk do not notice anything in it different from that 1 given hy a human being, and find it verv aifiknli to believe it is the cat, until, waiting till the knock is repeated, the doer is opened, and Master Tom walks in, They are obliged to look pretty sharp to tee thai lie is in before the house is shut up, ns he has several tunes -returned home in tup middle of a old Bight, and knocked ngmn end ooatrv until eotneone hti lieen enm- peli"-'. uo and-lct liim in. Ocearinn- j ally whir G.l in -or IS -Openwl in answer to lliis summon, he v'ill stand purring for a short lime p.-' O then vilL r. wrg. us ii ; L i tnjoyfed tbf- tun of « he trout Ano');'!r -f etribnter writ'".-: ' a horse v.rt!j.;h w.a- :;") 1 i1, a ?h':b;' a"', far fmii: lb " house, ni,"'. 'u. tbi ftnle ny man intr>aJ;ic.:-:. n. .!. Ll; . cjin « v; ry -.,"!!' intiniBcy soon grew up betiveen tb<\- kitten and the hnr?e. Jirac often seen her on Ilia hack, which -litfr vjuine friend quite Seemed to understand,' end she made lmr lied iust under his manger, ami wc hnvc frequently seen thctn Jinving hits of fun together. The liorr'C would udv.inre hi? iiead towards her, when puss would jmt up I both her paws and protend to scratch hit : nose, which he seemed rnthcr to enjoy ; nnd I then lie would seize grimnlkiu hy the skin I of herneclc in his teeth, and lift her up and J quietly drop hor, only to repout the game, i which IwtJi soeuiod to enjoy. ! " After a while we sold the horse, where- i upon the eat seemed quite disconsolate. IYcriouply the fLnlilc hnrt been her homo, where flic nhvnys stayerl rxd'.! for an oc casional run in the garden. But now she could not l>c inducon to stay tln-rn, and for wocks she lamented the loss of her friend by fretting and mewing about the house." "1 am tempted," 6«V! a third correspon dent "to inquire vticthrr instances arc common of eats showing affection for Etrangrrs nf Jirtt tight. Twice this h;i? happened tn me ; once on return from Indin after eight year?" cbJCnce, and I he second limn on Jlnthernn Tlill, nrnr Ilniiibny. "On the former occasion, having renr.hr-rt i home in tlic forenoon, 1 was taking a snli- tHry UTilk in the gnrileu nlcr liinc-li, whn n Etrnngr? cat trotted up to inn, rubbed it«elf against mc, rolled on iho path nnd frisked about in front of me, never cca?:ng its de monstration until 1 re-enteied the house nnd room, iuto which it accompanied me. ! was on the point of expressing my sur prise and gratification at the warm welcome tiieir jiet lind given jne, when my fntlier exclaimed: "What la cat! j'ou never en w a cat in this house," end poor Pu-.-, frightened at the tone of voice, flew out of the room, and wae never seen rgniu. Pre cisely the SQiue oxtravngmit tokens of regard wore shown me at Mntheran on en tering a house that had lxjen closely ebut up during the rains. In this instance the CAt belonged to the Mnllec who lived on the premiscfi, but it was n recent acquisi tion, and had never seen me before. The attachment was also short- lived like the former one, nnd ended that morning by Fuse Iwing caught wilh it« hrnd in the butter-dish when brwtkfnst wraunnounccd. Both animals were full grown." An nnecdote which ling just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor. u seems to outdo oil former records. About a year ago, n cat unheralded and unknown, came to the house of Mr?. Ixontird, a lively Irifihwomau, living at 03, Fifteenth Street", South BrookhTi, United States: and the ; day after rnssy'g arrival elic was found on ' a nest of egga which & lien had deserted. " ifadamePusB waa driven off the egg? re peatedly, for fear fihe weuld break tlieni, lint jiersistcd in retaining and lying on them. At last, to the astonishment of the houseliold, the appeared with four chicks, which fhe liad succeeded in lintching! Bincetium, ehe lias hatched four broods;' and on Norember 8th, wiicn mv correspou- 1 jdent wrote to me, sire vas hwtching n flftli ! The writer stiyBc.-Whcn I called to see this .cludceh-kaU'ing.catjl found in one corner y>f the Aritch£n'|t#pi£e bird-cage, around Wbich k yicftenoodrired chickens were %«tratting nd;|pradiig tip a meal. Inside the 'cage, oneamVetraw, was tlie cat, covcr- injoui' -<4ti 'ijMcr to do tliis, ehe sfteBibdhcrsriffnlJ length over them, and lire. Leonard says- thVintcmils, but only for timei .-fujfl the chickras she has £ ntm-tfrip Wnrid cTirtnr fit »n,irli filial ?orlli£yr)aariirS mother.' lic c&t; tiislSl bvinced great fondness towards her flret itirood ap- M tme ch i jup nstair, jdp'g .)y jh e tmck of the 8uBiq3i&1SV'8rin l3ng tender. young Injwdy but. toigub to tiie wound rWi thlaCTSwRyilScpfamcnxigwrpatxT nttiljgence, liyere wriatedLT Lnne, Carlisle, wliile nlone reading a book at tire fireside, fell asleep. She was suddenly nwvihened by the cat, which had mounted her bock, and was violently tearing her haiz; to discover that lior clotlies had caught firo to such on extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. The tetuigity of life in the cat is well illustrated in thafnllnwingstory from Ijaml and HVifer, given in Uib words xf the Darrator: Oreatly to tio sojtow pf the hhllftren, our cat, n half 'Persian, suddenly disnripb'ired, find her necustomed place by L 1 1 1! iicmui, KIU:M JILT IIU mure. cwnn was made high nnd low, but no trace of pus? could be found. As time went nn we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen hy a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise last- Friday on Seeing puss quioUy walk in, scarcely utile to stand, a veritable akrlrton, covered with fur, nud take her pent Ijcfure the fire. I net'il nut suv she was fed nnd cnre?e3 ad iibiiwn. Tlie next <iuy we learned her adventure?. It scaius on the 24th of PclmiHry, puss hart strayed in to pnj- n neighbour n > isit, nnd thru finding n plank of the flooring up — n innn wns alter ing the gHS-piju'S — had retii-ed into this hole to seek tnice. In due course theplank wfts nnilod down, nurt the cot mndn a prisoner. Here then, without fnnrt, drink, or nir, ius? remained until the 2CV,h of March, vi hen her ince.-s'iut scratdiiiig inmlr the occujrier of the hnu?e fancy a rat imi-t 1 have a nest there, rud take un the flfxiring to lay poi»on. 'i'he »oor creel urc wn? taken out considerably jnnro dead tlmn alitc; hut kinrt.lv nuraed and frd with little drops of bfx'f-ten. and the mwt day found strength to rrnwl home. After her twenty-six day? flirt, 1 think jKinrpu- fully cntltipr! to n uio:t nh.-nlute innulgence during the re mainder uf Lent." Another correspondent t-o tlie &?ifjaan, gives n brief hiogrnphieal account of several of his firtmefrieiu'.s. " No. 1 wn? a shr-vat I of t!:r gray brindled kind, which 1 believe ! is tlie Scottish breed. She, like Niinred, was a might!' liurdcr. Jinn1?, rahhits, riii'l j partridges all frll victim? to her sporting, propensities. What i- remarkable, that whatever slu> killed she invariably brought 1 V.nn-.e, nint laid r.t nn' mnt.her's -fei-t. H they ! were wrrrtli keeping, as they often were. : thevwore npjnojiriatnd, white pus- sung I her song ot jih-nsure: if they were not I worth kcping. they were gum t'.nr-lc tofw, | and she devoured tliem v ith iclisli. Sl.e thrown down in her again. SV,r xx-a? fnnrt 1 of lisli, hut. unlike other rats, she mis | willing tn wet her feet for thru:. Often I hr.F ? lie hern wah. Iiert sitting on the l urii- haiilc uulil a trout came within roach, i\ htm down went lior paw and out cninc the trout, nhnopt without fail. "No. 2 xvns n Tom-cat, red nnd white. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first lie brought, the fruit? of (lie chrsr j home; hut oftorwards became nuuv svlfifh, | and ilci nurnl what he cmild on the fpot What w n? left he kejrt hidden until it was ' rerjuired. lVrhnps yonr reader? may enn- j sidiT lint follows about him ns ir.vvvuhlMe i but it i? a fact neverthcl?. He permed to , U'Conie werry of the !yjng-in-waif Trnrrs j of catchiuggnnm, nnd iictiTr,l:yiTideavnnre-l , i to nm down hares by ?poed nf font ! Mvri j after flint we mnsidrrrd him :is having ' a ! ! xvnr.t.' He was shot b"rnu>-e. xvl.rn a enr- 1 tain gardrnor wu.- shooting p-rtridgrs, <y|7, ' ,' jinnrcert upon a covcv. and deprived the j sport -man-gnrdpner of ii> gam.-, ''u! nf revenge f lie hvlgi-d the rfint in pi-v A hdy ill Norfolk write? r.s fnfl- iv.-s: "M'i> ! had r. cat that ohvays cmue to family xvoryhiji. Slip knew the h-cll, and wnnM ' rare from Ibc gardi'-n or xnvrt f n ruirh ih,»_- | unorcrc it W3F clnsOtl, tlicn take lirr plnei i demurely nn the hcnrlhnig, a ml sit erert 1 j witli mii curled ginrefully rnun-l l:rr paws I B'hen hur kitten wr..- old enough to enjev , the pri vilrge, the mother rar.d" Imr coir," i no 1 I and sit hy her Fide in precisely the fine j position, gravely roprnving any imdirmtmn I to ixlrey." j j lVe close nur Foloetion witli the fnllnwiug ; extraordinary instance of a eat drowning ; i ifcnlf, the fact being vmiched fo: by a cirrespondcnt in lVrththirc x\ )io write? a? 1 | " 1 bnviMmvnr liuen nuir to tmu a proper j fslution for 1 he pithy saying, 'Ore killed 'which jn-\ 'hire - ine light ujton the t li.-.Mc. ijid ji.-UT mi intcre-'ting addition i t your rr vdoto? nf animnl?. .- j;:. - >.' u days ago wen? looking i y-.-- , -. ,, , xvbieb r.«ur.iv.r.nrts n j i'.nr >< the \" .-' i Inch of 1'er'h, and jurrr- t'y i hi- rat ic movement of a J ;\rgr i . \ I'h1 i-veature was wande;-- | ::'g f.l -''i \ , i r "h in a 1 is t Iras n nd it \ mh mi.il an .i.-ruijas fshim. Fitting down I now find thru, ahd nfter u hrief p;.u?e re- > Fnmmg its loitering?. Ihvrentlv it mnv."! down the rii'er-?:dc towai-d? ilie bridge which pari? the Tax-, and we lost siglit of the nninml and jImi of our specula! ior.<. Next day, n? I xva? rrnt?ing the bridge, an artjur.intr.nce laid hold of ire, and frhl ins t bar he lind snmeflrlng curinu? to rom- llurinp his consiit-ulumai, liis n t t - r. r i m xvr.F nrrOt'd by the figure nf a hl-ek eal silling npm a Iutji of ?t/m"? aud wearing en afpepf. nf I lir most strange iP-.t! i m. lVisjii-.- nn, l.i' 1 nrnr.l ninnr ;,f!.r '., lilll" and pi-j'cu'ix rw\ tlm cat fnllnwing slnv !\' in , !iic track. Th-n it cr.uu: cloe up y bur,. gar.rvl pileausly in hi- frcr, and gaw ntfr'-- unce fn n low wail nf pccnbe.r .'ngib-n.! Holding or.t. Ins handout to :ho 'h?frer?ej creature lie said, " Ikmr Pire?y ! \\\hnt'- the maitcr with you?" It looked e.t himj steadily for:: ir.niuenf, and then ilrec- nding ; to the vivrv m silence, leaped, in. and Ueuj»- ing its' wl.ole 1'ody p-ohitely and- r. \m f ; ilrcwivd in two jninnte? witliout oik attempt to re- cape from it? fr.li-. I? it i known to any eire of your reuh-r- that ' nninude are addicted lik<\- nnm ;.nd winien i to ttii' sin of Fuindi!? We haw1 nil rub .. 1 t\u'. tew.rbiu uut'.inc an tTe.l to if- acev.v' by the keen poignard of it? on r. i rig. h 1 1 wi' are in the In. hit nf idcnliTving -u iuh- with tlue of the liiiinnn sjucu- r.nnnot hear P> fuce their own :.«t. '<-%. Could it lu.' that ji'ior griuiRikin w a- uiuhr m<-jitnl aberration, or had care rvxllv l.-'I'.-i! tlic cut ? V».re Um care s of life Phi much for thif imforiunntc of the f.-lirre- trib > Wlien xve think of" the proverbitl di-likr nf cut? even to x\ot tlu-ir plasty puws. t Ire- ns t reeardbd ovmoep a deep clf-tei-uimatinn gf iniipnsc a ud a fixed loathing of life. 