peetty jane. : i This befell in tho old days, anil, as my friend Private MuWaticy was specially careful to fpaka door, tho Unrogcnoratc. | There had been a royal dog light in tho linllah at the hack of the riflo butts between \- : . Denroyd'n Jock and Orthuris's Blito Hot — both mongrel Itampur hounds, chiefly ribs and tooth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling . minutes, and then Blue ilot collapsed and 1 ftrthnris nnirl T.ftnrnvd three ruDCCS. and WO wero all vory thirsty. A dog lignt is a most heating entertainment, quito apart from tho shouting, bccauso llainpurs fight over a couplo of acros of ground. Later, when tho sound of belt badges clinking against the nocks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to mnn fights of all kinds. Humans raaomKln ml f1i>i»pin Rfimn TPSnnrfq. Anr tnllf of fighting eeoms to wako up a sort of imp in their brcnats, mul thoy bell one to tho other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line : it shows tho xotining iufiuouce of civilisation arul the inarch of progress. Talo provoked talc, anucach talc more beer. Even dreamy Loarovd's eyes began to brighten, and ho unburdened himself of a lone history in which a trip to Mallmin Gove, a girl at Patcly Brigg, a gaugor, himself and a pair of clogs wore mixed in drawling tangle. "An1 bo Ah coot's yuad oppon from t' chin t hair, an ho waa abed for V matter o' a month," concludod Loaroyd pensivoly. Mulvauoy camo out of a reverie— ho waa ly ing down — and flourished his heels in the air, 44 You'ro a man, Loaroyd," Raid ho critically, " but you've only fougnt wid men, an that'H an ivryday oxpayrienco ; hut I've Btud up to a ghost, an that was not ivry-day expayricnce." "No." said Orthorie. throwing a cork at ... him. 44 You git up an' address tho ouse — you an' yer oxpuyrionco. Is it a bigger one nor „ . U8ual?".- ; v"'Twras tho ImV trut!" answorod Mul-. . . V vahoy, stretching out a hugo arm nnd catching Orthoria by tho collar. 44 Now, whoro nro ye. mo son P Will yo take tho wurrud av tho Lorrd out av my mouth another time ?" He shook him to oraphasiso the question. "No, somothiii elso, though,' said Ortheria, making a dash ut Mulvnnoy's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. "I'll chuck it acrost tho nullah if you don't let mo go !" "Youmaraudiu' lmthen! 'Tis tho only cutty liver loved. Handlo hor tinder or I'll chuck you acrost tho nullah. If that poipo bruk — Ah! Givoher buck to mo, sorr ?' Ortheria had passed the tronsuro to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as sliiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was linn. "Will you tell us about the ghost-fight if I do?" I said. "Isutthe fihtory that's troublin you ? Av coorso I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut rny own way, as I'opp Doggie said whin they found him thryin to ram a cartridge down tho muzzle. Orth'ris, fall away!" Ho rclciuicd tho little Londoner, took his pipo, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He lias the most uloriucnt even of auv one that J. know. " Did I ivor toll you," lie began, " that I was wanst the devil av a man V" "You did," said Loaroyd, with a childish gravity that nuido OrUieris yell with laughtor, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us bin merits in tho old (lays. "Did liver tell you," Mulvnnoy continued colmly, " that I was wanst moro av a divil than I am now ?" " Mor-riu! You don't meau it?" said Or- thoris. "Whin I was Corp'rill was rcjuccd after wards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil of a mnn." Ho was silent for nearly a minute. "Eyali ! 'J'hcy was great times. I'm ould now; my hides wore ofTin patches; niuthry.go bos discouccited me, and I'm a married mini tu. ButI'vohad my day, 1'vo had my day, and nothiu' can tako away tho tusto av that! Oh, my timo past whin 1 put mo fufc througii ivory livin' wan av tho Tin CoinnmndinentK between Itevilly and Lights Out, blow tho froth off n 3>owtor, wipod me mustucho wid tho back av mo hand an' slept on ut all as rjuiot as a little child ! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill niver come back to tue ; not though I prayod for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in tho ould rig'inint to touch Corp'ril Tcrouco Mul- vuiiujr ( j. uivvi ii ib. jiihi. ivijt wiiiilHIl MIU.l was not a witch whs worth tho lookin' afthcr inthoBodays, nil' ivory man was my dearest frind or— 1 had stripped to hiin an' wo know who was tho betther man avtbo tu. " Whin I was Corp'ril 1 wud not ha' changed wid tho Colonel— no, nor yet thoCommundhcr in-Chief. . I wud bo a Hiirgiiit. There was nothin' I wud not bo! Mother av Ifivin, look utine! Fwhat am I now? Put no matthcr! I must get to tho other ghosts— not tho wans in my ould head. " Wc was quartered in a big cnutonmint— 'tis no manner av uao namin' names, for ut might give tho ImrrickH disrejutation— an' I was tho Imporor av tho earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the nunc, small blumo to thim, Afther wo had lain there a year, Bragin, tho Colour-surgint av 35 Comp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady in tho station. .She's dead now, is Annie Bra- gin— died at Kirpa Tul, or ut may have been Almorah— seven— nine years gone, an' Bragin be married agin. But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to caiitoninint society. She had eyes liko tho brown av a buttherlly's whig whin Die euii catches ut, nil' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof button av a mouth I would ha' goao through all Asia brisflin' widbay'nits to gut a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as tho tail av tho Colonel's charger— forgive mo montiomn' that uiiiiiuuriii Dusiu in uiu name inouiuiui WUn Annie Bragin — bill 'twas nil shpun gold, nil timo wiih whin u lock nv ut was moro tlinn di'inonds to mo. Tlioru wna nivor a pretty woman yot, an' I'm lmtl tliruck wid u few, cud open tho door to Anuic lirngiu. " "I'wuh in tho chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round an usual to sco fwat was to bo aeon. ' You'ro too good for Brngin, my lore, thinks I to myself, ' hut that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence Mul vnnoy. ' " Now, take my wurrd for ut, you Ortheris there nn' Loaroyd, an' kapo out nv Married Quarters— ns 1 did not. No good iver comos of ut, an' there's always the chance av your boin' found wid your face in tho dirt, a long picket in tho hack av your hand, an' your hands piayin' tho fifes ou tho tread av another man's doorstep, "i'wus so wc found O'llarn, 1m that Itaflorty killed six years gono, wliiu ho wint to his death wid his hair oiled wliiatlin ' Larry O'Rourko' hetuaoliis teeth, Kapo out av tho Mnrried Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis on- wholcsim, 'tis dangerous an' 'tis ivorythin that's had, hut— oh, mo siwl, 'tis awato while it lasts ! 'X was always hangin' about tlioro whin I was oil duty and Bragin wasn't, hut niver a sweet word boyon' ordinor' did I get from Annie Brngin. 'Tis the povarsity av tho sect, W/| A IASIJ1JOU4A, till lllj liUJI UIlULIJVr COCK on toy head an' straightened iny hack— an' wint off as the' I did not care, Wid all tho woman in tho Murried Qartcrs laughin'. I was porahnadod— most boys aro, I'm thinkin'— that no women born av women can stand against me av I hold up my little finger. I had reason for tliinkiu' that way— till I mot Aimio Bragin. -"-Time and agin whin I was hlandandheriii1' in' tho dusk, a man would go past iuo as quiet as a cat. ' That's quarc,' thinks I.' ' for I am, or shud ho, tho only mun in theso parts. Now ' what dovilmont can Annie he up to?' Thin I called inysolf u blnyguanl for thinkin' such things; hut I thought thim nil tho sumo. An' that, mark you, is tho way nv n man. " Wan ovenin' I said : ?.frs Bragin, mniiin' no disrespect to you, who is that corp'ril mun — I lmd scon tho stripes, though I cud nivcr got sight av his face — 'who is that corp'ril mnn that comes in always wliiu I'm goin' away?' " ' Mother av God ! ' sex she, turnin' ns white as my holt; ' have you seen him, too?' "'Soon him!' sex. I ; 'Av course I have. Did yo want mo 'not to see him for ' — wo woro Btundin' talkin' in the dlmrk, outside tho vorandnh of Bragiu's quarters— 'you'd bettor toll 1110 to uhllfe «,/, ni-na nttlouu 7>... mistaken, bo's come now/ "An euro enough, tho corp'ril man was walkin' to ub hatigin his head down as though bo was aslramod av himself. " 4 Good night, Mrs. Bragin, sex I, vory cool. 'Tis not for me to interforo wid your amoors— hut you might manage these things wid more dacoucy. I'm off to cautoon,' Iacz. "I turned on my heel an' wint away, flwoarin' I wud give that muii a dhrosmn that wud stlion him mcssin' about tho Married Quarters for a month an' a week. I hud not tuk ton naces boforo Annie Brnrrin wh hrmm'ti? . onto iny arm, and I cud feel thut eho was shakin' all over. ."'Don't yo go, Mister Mulvanoy." sex sho. 1 You're flesh and blood at the least— are vo . not P. J . "'I'm all .that,' sex I. an' my anger wint . awayin a flush; ' Will I want to bo asked twice, Annie,?' V Wid that I" slipped ray arm around hor waist, for, bedad, I fancied she had sur . . . rindered at discrotiou, an' tho houours av war wero mino. " |Wliat nonsinse is this?' soz she, dhrawin hersilf up on tho tips av her doar little toes, t Wid the mother's milk not dhry on your im pident mouth! Let go !' sho sez. " 'Did yenotsay just now that I was flesh and blood?' sez I : I havo not changed sinco.' I sez, an I kep my arm where ut was. ' Your arms to yoursilf !' sez flho an ncr eyes sparkled. " Suro 'tis only human nature, sez y; an I kep' my arm where ut was. "'Naturoor no nature,' sez shoj cyou tako your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an ho'll alter tho nature of your head. Fwhatd'you take rao for ?' sho sez. . "'A woman,' sez I, Mho pretbost in bar- ricks. " t A wifo,' sez she, Mhe straighest in can- tonmints.' 4 Wid that I dropped ray ann, fell back tu paces and saluted, fori saw that she mint f what sho said." "Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to bo certain of. How could you tell : 1 uomonucu in tnc interests or scicnco. 11 Watch the hand," said Mulvancy. "Av sho shuts her hand tight thumb down ovor tho knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you stlray. But av the hand lies open on tho lap, or av you seo her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go on ! Sho'a not past reiisoniti wid. Well, aslwassayin', I fell back, Balutcd an' was goin' away. " 1 .Sthay wid mo,' sez she. 'Look! IIo's comln' again.' "Sho pointed to the vorandah, an', by tho hoight av irnport'nincc, tho corp'ril man was corain' out av Bragiu's quarters. "'Ilo'sdono that theso flvo ovenin's past,' hcz Annie Bragin. '0 fwhatshallldo!' " ' He'll nofdo ut again,' soz I, for I was fightin' mad. ' Kapo away from a man that has been a th rifle crossed in lovo till tho fever's died down. IIo rages liko a brute beast. "I wint up to the man in tho vorandah, inanin', as Ruro as I sit, to knock the life outav you doin' philanderiu' about here, ye scum nv the gutter?' sez I, polito, to give him bis wamin', fori wanted him ready. " Ho nivcr lifted bis head, but sez all mourn ful and melancolius, nsif bo thought I wud ho soory for him ; ' I can't find hor,' soz ho. " My troth,' soz I, ' you've lived too long— you an your sookiu' an' findin's in a daccnt married woman's quarters! Hould up your head, yo frozen thiot av Genesis,' sez I, ' an' you'll find all you want an' more!' , "But ho nivcr hild up' and I let go from tho shoulder, whore tho hair is short over tho eye brows. "'That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind tho blow, but I bit nothin' at all an' nearly put my shoultcr out. Tho corp'ril man wasnot.thcro, ail' Annio Brngin, who hndhcon wntchin'from tho verandah, throwsup hor hcols and carries on liko a cock whin his neck's wrung by tho dhruramcr blioy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman liko Annio Bragin. is moro than a p'rudo groun' full av ghosts. I'd uovor seen a woman faint before, an' I fitutl liko a stuck calf, askiu' her whether she wiw dead, an' prayiu' her, tor tho love av mo, an' tho lovo av her husband, an' the lovo avtho Virgin, to opiti her blessed oyes again, nn' callin' raesilf imineH undhor tho canopy nv jiivm lor piuguiu ncr wm my miHuruoio amoors whin I ought to ha' stud betuno her an' this corp'ril man that had lost thu number av his moss. " I mlsromeraber fwhat nonsinso I said, but I was not so far gonu that I cud not hoar a ftit on tho dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by tliosnino tokon Annie was comin', too. I jumped to tho far end av tho verandah an' looked ns if butter wouldn't melt in mo mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, tho Quartermaster's wifo that was, had fould Bragin ubout my hangiti' 'round Annie. '"That's bud bcarin',' I Bez, an' I know that the pickets wero dhriven in. ' What for, Sar- gint?' sczL " ' Cotuc outside,' sez ho, ' an' I'll show you why.' '"I'm willinV sez I, 'but iny stripes arc none so ould that I can afford to loso thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid V soz I. " IIo was a quick man an' a just, an' saw fwhat I wud ho afthor. ' Wid Mrs. Bragiu's husband,' soz he. He might ha' known by mo nskin' that favour that I had dono him no wrong. " ' I wint to tlio hack av tho arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I fistcs. He wns mud us a dumb dog — justfroth- iug wid rage; but ho had nochaust wid mo in reach or leurnin or anything else. Will yo hoar reason?' sez I whin his first wind was rutiniu' out. " ' Not whoile I cnu seo," soz he. Wid that I gave him .both van afthcr tiio other, smash through tho low gyard that lic'd hecu taught whin ho was a boy, an' the cyohrow shut down ou tho clicok-bouc liko tho wing av a sick crow. " ' Will yo hoar reason now, yo bravo man ?" sez I; " i Not whoilo I can speak, soz ho, staggcrin' up blind as a stump. I wus loath to uo it, but I wint round an' swung into tho jaw side ou an' shifted ut a half pace to tho Ief. Will yc hear reason now?' sez I; 'I can't keep my ttmpcrinuch longer, an 'tis like I will hurt you.' " ' Not whoilo I can stand,' lio mumbles out av one comer av his mouth. So I closed uu' threw him — blind, dumb an' sick ; an jammed the jaw straight. " You'ro an ould fool. Mister Bragin. snzl. " ' You'ro a young thief,' sez ho, ' an' you'Vo bruk my heart, you an' Annio botuno you.' "Thm lie began cryin' like a child us ho lay. I was sorry as I had nover been before. 'Tis an awful thing to sco a strong man cry. " ' I'll swear on tho cross !' sez I. " ' I euro for none av your oaths,' sez he. \- ooiuo iJiicK 10 your quarters, sez i, air it you don't belicvo the liviu you shall listen to tho dead,' sez I. "I hoisted him an' tuk him hack to his quarters. ' Mvb Bragin;' sez I, ' hero's a man that you can euro quicker than me.' " You've shamed me belore my wife, ho whimpers. ' ' Have I so sez I. 1 By tho look on Mrs. Bmgut'i faro I think I'm for a dhressiu down worse than I gavo you.' " An' I was ! Annio Brngin was woild wid indignation. There was not a nnmo that a dacint woman cud use that was not givon my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' mo like a cooper rouu' a cask for lifteeu ininuls in tho ord'Iy-rooin bekusio I wint into tho corner shop an unstrapped lewnatic, hut all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingcrpop to fwhat Annio tould ine. An' that, mark you, is tho way av a woman. " Whin ut wus done for want nv breath, an Annio was htmdin' over her husband, I sez : 4 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blnygunrd an' you'ro an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan servicothat I did you?' 44 As I finished speakin' tho corp'iil man camo up to tho verandah uu' Annio Brngin shquoaled. . The moon wus up un1 wo cud soc his face. 44 1 1 can't find her, sez the corp'ril man, an' Willi UUU 11IVU VIIU IIUH UY U VUIIUIV. " ' Saints stanil bctiuie us nn' cvul ! sex Brii- «in crossin' himself. 'Tliat's Flnliy nv the Tyrone Kigmint.' " ' AVIio was he,' soz I, ' for ho hns given mo tlnle nv iihtiu' this ilny.' " Brngin toiild us that Flahy wan n corji'rit who lost, his wifo nv cholorn in those quurtors thrco yours gono, an' wint uind, and walked nfllior thoy buried him, liuntin' for hor. " AVoll,' soz I to Bmgiu, 'lie's been liookiu' out nv Purgatory to kajin com puny wid Mrs. Brngin ivry.ovonin' for tho Inst fortnight. You may toll Sirs, Quinu, wid my lovo, for I know that slio's boon talkin' to you, nn' you'vo boon listoniu', that sho ought to oiidorstand tho differ twist a roan nu' a ghost. Sho's had tliroo husbands,' soz I, ' nu' you'vo got a wifo too good for you. Instid nv which you lnvo hor to be lioddorod by "hosts nn' — nn' nil maimer nv ovil npiruts. I'll nivor go tnlkin' in tho wny nv politeness to n mun's wifengin. Good night to you both,' sez I. An' wid that I wint away, bavin' fought wid woman, man nn' divil in tho heart nv an hour. An that's fourteen yenrs gone ! Eyuli ! Cork's own city an' thu liluo sky n'oovo ut— uu' tho times that was— tho times that wus!" ItlfOVAIlD KlI'I.IXO. It would soom from tho moro rccont dis- covorios thut tho inilk is tho first thing about a diseased cow thut is nITectod. Doctor Biilicock says lio cnu doteot in the milk tho approach of milk fovor and gurgot. u wool: or ton days boforo there uro any outward signs, by tho formation of nu oxtru amount of fibrin iu the milk. Wo nil know how sensitive milk is to outward in. fluoiiccs. Why should it not ho equally sensi tive to inward 'influences ? A fistula or sore of any kind which causas tho taking up of poison or diseased matter hv tho absorbent vossoIh must poison tho blood to n greater or loss extent, and it is pretty generally conceded thut tho blood is tho source of milk. In caso of tuberculosis, tho milk must ho loadod with tho gornis of the disonse, as tho blood hns to all pass through tho diseased organ. That it is so nas boon demon strated by feeding the milk to young animals. Soma stomachs may bo strong enough to resist and destroy tho disouso gorms, but who , wants to tako tho chance ? If tho milk woro boiled it might destroy tho germs. So cooking tho moat of diseased animals might destroy, the disoaso gorms in it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say tho least, that you are eating what was so diseased that your only salvation lies in tho cooking. 