Warwick Examiner AND TIMES. PUBLISHED WEDNESDAYS & SATURDAYS WEDNESDAY. Feb. 26, 1890. LOCAL AND GENERAL;NEWS TENDERS WILL shortly be called for a new fire station in Brisbane to cost about £6000. A WOMAN, named Elisabeth Byan, of Sydney, was on Friday last fined £1(0 for keeping a houBfl of ill-fame. A MANAGER for a firm of solioitors in Sydney has embezzled £1900, and was arrested at the Moonee Valley on Saturday last. THE Government Gazette of Saturday last invite* .tenners for the boring of 10,000 feet in the Southern and Western districts of Queens land. THE PETITIONS that were signed by the 28,090 persons in Queensland praying for the release of the Hopeful prisoners were 760 feet long. THE DEATH of a thirteen-year-old boy as the result of nervous prostration brought on by cigarette smoking has started a veiy energetic anti-cigarette ornsade in Philadelphia, U.S.A. WE WOULD remind local pedestrians and cyollBts that nominations for the St Patrick's Hanjlmptod bioycle racek t? belpomprted (or in,Wahnefc >jiart,cioB»with the secretary (Mr. P. Connolly) on Saturday even ing next. JIMBOUR (DARLING DOWNS) shearing shed ha &eoepted;, under persuasion, the rules of the Sheareis' Onion. The power of the growing federation of organised labour is (says the Obtcrvcr) repi(U^ bringing unreasonable em A STATE fiiild, named Bailey, apprentice# to a man named Dixon, at Baymond Terrace (N.8. W.), was found dead in a paddook on Sun day evening. .The skull was fractured and the bpdy bruised all over. The body was fount attached to a tether rope on one of the hoses. It seems that the deceased tied the rope round himself and wu dragged about by the horse bbtilkilled. A RATHER curious accident occurred in town last Saturday, by whieh a favourite old grey hone of Mr. T. Hanley had to be destroyed. It appears that the animal was being oanteied apipe lanl when suddenly the horse's !oee-^Jpg* ^9te,AbPvethe knee. Xhe rider pameiojrn, a oropper in oonsequenoe, but escaped unhurt. This is the seoond animal Mr. Hanley has lost -in the same manner. ON SUNDAY next, March Sod, thanksgiving services-far the harvest yrill be held: at OhriBt Ohurofa,KUlarney.atII a.m.,at Farm Creek sohool-room at 8"p.m., and at St. Peter's, Yan .gan, at 7 p.m. The preaoher at these places will be Bev. T. W. Bamm, Beetor of Warwick. The Bev. E. parishioners at each church will send materials suitable for decoration, and will help in the decoration of the churches. NOTICE TO LADIES.—Madataie Someriet Stan- ley, the eminent Lady Obstetrician and special ist in «U diseases of women and children and chronio and nervous oomplaints, womb affections,, epileptio fits, &c..; 4«., p^n bepon sulted iu IVarwiikOh Safawy qexti the Jet March, at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, for a tew days .only. Those about to nun or approach ing a phange of life should not fail to see me, ai a friendly chat may save years of suffering. Women can sympathise with women. Con sultation faefe.Three handled difficult cures cffectoB'tHnAigh advise the last three months. See original testimonials on arrival. —[ADVT.] SAYS THE Queemlander of Saturday last— The Under-Beoretaty for Agrioulture (Mr. P. M'Lean) has brought with him from the War wtak show two eating amies, which were ex hibited there by Mrs. Brown, of Eillamey. They are each about 16in. in circumference, and weigh lib. 4ozs. Professor Shelton saw the fruit last week, and seemed very much as tonished that such fine samples of frnit could be produced in Queensland. It is the intention of Mr. McLean to have specimens of the apples preserved in spirits, so that visitors to the department may have an opportunity of judging of the capabilities of Queenland as a fruit-producing oolony. THE TRAVELLING dairy which has been in operation in Warwick for the past fortnight will open in Allora this day (Wednesday). From the Guardian we notioe that there seems to be asoaroity of milk in Allora, and the tenders lately opened by the Central Downs Association for the supply of milk to the dairy were veiy high, none being under Is per gallon. At the meeting of the Sooiety it was stated that milk was supplied at Toowoomba for Gd Eer gallon, and it was unfair that they should e called on to pay ■double that amount. How ever, it was deoided " to accept the tenders at 1s per gallon, and that the tenderers be asked from the dairy in lieu of money payment." Those who accept the latter proposal will find it pay. All the hotter and cheese made by the dairy in Warwick met with a ready sale, and was disposed of by the Eastern Dowub Sooiety at Is Gd tor butter and Is for oheese per lb. respectively. THE ESTIMATED population ol Melbourne and fclio suburbs at the close of 1889 was 437,085. THE USUAL monthly sittings ot the Warwick Land Court wjll bo held in tbe Land's Offieo, Albion-Btreet, on Tuesday next. FOR INDECENTLY assaulting a littlo boy at Balmain, N.8.W., Job. Bailey was sentenced to three yearn with two floggings. IT IS notified in the Gazette that Mr. fl. Desgrand, of Warwick, has been licensed to act under the fleal Property Acts of 18G1 and 1877. A SPEAKER at an unemployed meeting In Sydney on Tuesday night suggested that if the Minister for Works did not give the men work they should stone him to death with blue metal. A WEATHER telegram on Saturday last Jericho, west of Rockhampton, states that the township is flooded. The people ave all in trucks on the railway line. A boat has been sent from Alpha by trolly, and all possible assistance is being rendered. A SENSATION was caused at Cowra, N.S.W., on Saturday last, by the disappearance of the wife of the late warder of the Cowra Hospital, and her infant son. On a search being made, the bodies were discovered drowned in ft well on the Boy^l Hotel premises. HENRO MONRO, manager of the Collingwood branoh of the Bank of Australasia, is deficient io his accounts to tbe bisoiidI ol £1000, und a warrant lias been issued for hiB arrest, len years ago Munro defeated a raid by bush rangers on the bank at Moa, and was then tes- tunoaialised and promoted. WM. ALLAN, Esq., M.L.A., returned to Brae- side a few days ago from the southern colonies. We are glad to hear that he is much improved in health with Ms trip. We trust we shall soon seeiiidimqijgBt ns again, wtyn we are sure he wilt rebeivc hearty congratulations from his numerous friends. THIS (WEDNESDAY) afternoon, a cricket match will take place in the Queen's Park between an eleven of the Caxton C.C. and a similar number ol East Warwick School C.C. The Caxtonians will be represented by the following players:—Messrs. D. McInces, E. Longwill, H. Fenwick, H. Sterne, C. Frank, J. Greiner, P. Nally, Ferguson, R. Williams, J. McKenna. and B. Cox. BY ADVERTISEMENT it will be seen that the Hibernian Society purpose adding a ball and banouet to their other attritions for St Patrick's Day celebrations. Thii affair Will to held in the Town Hall in the evening when Kretchmar's band will enliven the proceedings. The "St. Patrick's Ball" has alway been on enjoyable affair, and the committee are deter- mined that this year it shall be no exception. THE MAN who discovered the albino now being exhibited at the Waxworks, Melbourne, bas reported having heard from the blacks in the north-eastern portion of Western Australia that two white men had perished a oonple of hundred miles further east mu-uy years ago. Baron von Mueller, Mr. Panton, P.M., of Mel- bourne and several other gentlemen, comider- ing there is a strong probability of the two men being members of the Liechhardt expedition have formed a party to prove or disprove the that they belong to this expedition. FOR THE St Patrick's Sports a speoial prize has been pflered by T. De Lacy Moffalt, Esq., which doubtless will cause considerable in terest It is £3 3s for the beBt axeman—or he who can handle that useful article, the axe, the best. I and no doubt the competition will be watched, with interest. It is stated that similar praes are offered in Cahad&.and in Oar colony a good axeman is as useful as in the great wooded country Canada. LIKE ALL parts of Queensland, this district has received a large share of the " pluvial visi- tation" which has taken place during the last month or two. Bain, tain, rain, was the con- tinualBtaiaof the weather lor days together. The river Oondamine was not only a hanker, but overflowed its banks. We are glad to say, however, that no injure or loss otcropBor stock have l>een Reported., The waters roB^steacUly and settledrsteadfly, toi? Wjthing «Biiea away • was only such as was on the banks. xwler day (Tuesday) was fine ana sunny, ana the roads are drying up fast. ENGLISH FREEMASONRY bsa aB^Bg &eir; 1889 maintained its flfilJngulBhing character istic of charity, as the receipts of its three charitable institutions show. These institu tions—the girls' school, the boys' sohpolj the institution for the aged of both sexes—had when their offices closed on December 81st re I oeived in/the oourse of the year a total sum of £46 448 18s 8d. Of this amount the benevolent i ^hoofl?4;^sM8faBd18&e7tys;^sod?; £14 727 10s 2d. The benevolent institution, whioh for toe tout of the last seven years had headed thfiTtot, has between SQO and 400 annuitants on its books, the girls school boards, clothes, and edudates 264«ids, and the boys' school 968 bovs. During tte year the board iol faenevole&ce; lia» M its IS monthly meetings assisted cases of distress to the ex tent ol e»«€6#00. A PECULAR sight (say« the Oladitone Observer) was witnessed by the passengers on the, 01anwWPi). a^^im M trip between Buntefeei* an^GlUktoneu. After vessel, passed Bound nead myriads ol sea fowl were Seen hovering over the wdaee of tbe water, and'M ithe MBselejipioWbBd it was found thtt'Uie oanse of this jvast flow was a tremens- dous shoal of fteb,'which could be seen under neath. Our informant; says that for two miles the Glan worth seemed to be literally ploughing through a eea of flab, the name of whioh could not be ascertained, but it was oohiectured that they were either sea mullet or tailor. Tbey seemed as they jumped oat of the water to be about 18in. bug. JM. Books by, wAtorintondant of the Bustard Bead light, states rtiat laise-flooks of birds are often seen hoWfij?' ibiJht that loo&u;^, whioh lei MmW' suspectthata plentiful supply of the flnny tribe oould-be got thereabout. A CERTIFIED obrpse Was being taken by two norters to the PariB morgue on a stretoher, on 2nd D^WiOwhOtt ,it suddfetiiy alartnej its eaniersl&ittttt;&g; J»p *toi isWtig lor s dnnk. It was a worthy female, who, haying got out of a train in theifontparnasse station, feU down on the p^tform, and apparently gave up the ghost. A reputed debtor "who-was near said that the'wCmanVheartand pulse ^ had ceased tor-btsA^so .sbe<6HJfta stretoher, to the omovelj: establishment m mia Sein^'mere the detri boajw jot ^tyjiesta ways are ketlt tor disseotidn and biirial. The woman awoke in.itorPUoeida Paris de Notij. Datne, and instead of taking her to the direful desti nation for Which die had been intended, her kind carriers matched her into tbeadjaoent hospital*-the 'Hotel THeu—whore she was In stalled temporarily in a warm ward, and re ceived refreshment*. She bad been over fatigaed bya .railway journey from Brest, and the cold had brought on an attack of conges tion ot the brain. A THRILLING accident occurred to the Canadian-Pacifio through oxpress train to tho mountains along the Colombia River. A *rau gave way at a point on the mountain Bide, high above the river. The engine passed over safely, but the two coachcs swung about and toppled over. The bank was nearly perpendicular, and the cars would have tumbled Beverw hundred feet below into tho flowing nver had it not been that the coupling fisted around and held the tremendous weight. Thus tho two care, one with its load of passengers, were suspended between heaven and earth, -the weight of the engine and the balance ol the team preventedthe suspended oars from draw ing the whole train down. The suspense was dreadful. The frightened passengers were compelled to remain in their perilous position until the train hands built a platform around and underneath the hanging cars, enabling all to make their esoapo, This place where the accident occurred is considered the moBt dangerous point on the mountains. 