PUPULAR' .SCIENCE sAn rliitimic i no?n as tli 'dangfian f.ver, "' ta.tly LutLe t ut io Atltir, Greree.; It is l o I.lnwna as thL " etrrgue "' oi k derg.s " fevr;a ihieh name'is eats to have carme front the West Indes, ,where' the negroes call it "" .d f: vi r,"owing to the stiffl attitude to which it t, tipcraily con demtted the !iat ctg. which name was brought to Ef.trpe by Sparisrd , n olfied N into '" dengy." It is rarely fatal, but spreae v?iry rapidly. The tiret.symptoms A are itense tect,l s of face, neck and hands, frrquently accompanied by en eruption. Tne patient then fe?la violent headacte, darting pSinsin the eye, and humming in the ears; ; he cannot wotk, Ehuns the light, and sleep cannot be obtained. Gradually other parts of the body are attacked, till the disease settls with special vehenrence in the legs, A especially in the knee. Toe crisis comes within three to eight days, after which, with E good medical treatment, the patient recovers in four or five days, but generally remains fetble for two or three weeks longer. Pn-.F. AnIrETz, of the School of Cheese-. 1 manufacture at Sornthal in' Switzerland, in the course of his :investigatiors into " case ous patholcgy," has succeeded in 'isolating no fewer than nineteen species of microbes y in one kind of cheese, and that in the fresh state. For every ounce of this he found bacteria numbering from 90,' 00 to 110,000, I p.d these multiplied to more than 800.000 in d.eaventy-d.ya'.heeen In Jthe.soft cheese I the microbes were still more numerous. Prof. Adametz found 1.200.000 iri one ounce of a 31 daya' cheese, and 2.000 000 in n 45 days' specimen. These were found in the interior parts of the cheese. On the rim he calculated there were from three to five mil liois for every ounce. By a series of in genioos experiments the same pathologist demonstrated that the arrest by antiseptic substances of these micro-organiems pre-. 2 vents the cheese from maturing. TitE speed of fishes is alhnost an unknown quantity, it being very difli4ult to measure. Etimates: of the speed of fish are only approximated, and more or lesse founded E upon guessing. One can tell, however, at a glance whether a fish is built for speed or not. A fast fish looks trim and pointed, like a yacht. Its head is conical in shape, and is fins fit down close to its body,like a knife I Ide into its handle. Fish with large heads, bigger than their bodies, and with short, stubby fine, are built for slow motion. The predatory lishes, those that live on prey, are the fastest swimmers. The food risbes are, as a general thirg, the slowest, o and, consequently, are easily captured. The a Spanish mackerel is one of the fastest of a food fishes. Its body is cone-shaped, and is 0 as smooth as burnished metal. its speed is 0 as matchless as that of the dolphin, and, in l motion, it outs the water like a yacht. 0 a FcItrrrsic investigation reveals the fact that, under a variety of titles, alcohol a exerts its influence as the potent body of the various liqueurs so common in Europe and P Australasian colonies. These contain, it is r true, other ingredients of more or less stimu lant character; but they owe their highly in toxicant qualities without doubt to the pre- f nence of a large percentage of alcohol. A e fact which is not so generally known, has, d however, been brought to light in some recent returns, which prove that such an. parently harmless compounds as "bitters " t and " tonics " are also commonly alcoholic in a high degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence of alcohol to an amount varying from 20 to over 40 per cent. Of the legion of adulterations more or less poisonous which have been, from time to time introduced into intoxicating beverages our space will not permit us to Epeak. -."rle the iStroductory lecturae to the aericl- I toral class at the University of Edinburgh, delivered at the opening of the present ression, Prof. Wallsce chose as his subjeot some aspects of Australasian agriculture. In I this lecture. Prof. Wallacd urges that sheep I farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the fflects of rivalry with the flock masters of Australia. There are 100,000.000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinoe, which are not, by the way, a flesh- yiqldirg, but a wool-giving race. Prof. Wallacs hazards the opinion that, before many years have passed, Aos tral:a will be pooseseed of over 200000.000. IIt makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino multon is equal in flavor and texture to the best lHighland, Welshb or 8iuth Dawn mutton. Uoon these two assumptions he fort 11s calamaties to the meat producers of his country which his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A stsouran Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assanm, dip the barbs of their arrows in scanite,and they are eo made 'that when any attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the harb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so -eadly, that even a buffalc uEuslly falls, after tunning a, few. yards, when he has been struck by one. Some of thesuperstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place, his soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stret?h ing a string across the stream' that divides the grave from the house of thoedeparted. Thb ghost can easily crees when the slightest foothold is given him., . Two:new seismoecopes, adopted at the 'Italian meteorological stations, are described as i being' .of a v'ery 'simple nature, the' orib consisting merely of an iron rod, about five inches long, leaning slightly. o,'ainsiaen ad jiustables screw: support, near its middle; and 'with its lower pointed end in 'a cunp. :Whee a abhotk or 'tremor occurs, the :'bd falls hwai. -:ioni its support and is' auoghit by n fired metallic ring, making. electriit contaet and ringing a bell.. In the other instrument; the ring is conneoced with a hinged lever ar iangem'ent, which stops the mechanism of a timepiece, ehoewing when thie earthbqnak shcck o:eurred. 'Pnooa6tniaishavaliiily belb tlak'eei fl thil :tbt 1tinteresting olb a troiicmi'al'iinstru. ':ments at the Pekin O .,eatiory: Thetde in satruments are:the most :ncient .of the kihd Sin the world, having h nm'ade by order of ihle Emperor K-iblai itan in the year 1270. They are e'quisit t"iee~sof of bronnze work, and aie ih splendid cohdition, althotgli they 'haoe been rposed to the'weathber more than 600 years. T?'nE' ninter of perrsons who have died "*itbin a few months in G:eat Britain from the administration ef chlcreform by dentists and Eurgeons, is rater slartling. In each case reported it is stated that no fault could be imnuted to the profeessional gentlemen 'who adminietered the cl:loroform. This sounds a goed deal like the phrae, " no blame attaches to tie guard," which is so commcn in this country in the account of railway accidents. WORKtIEl in motel, who get particles of iron and steel in their eves, are row relieild by the application of an eetromnigncet, wi'hilh draws ocut the fie particles with admirable celerity and ncstr.ss. Stctl or iron slivers are al o drawn fromnt the hand, or other parts of the body, by an elcctro. magnet. SGER?att Esubjects are vaccinated in the I early months of lil-, egain on attaining the , taga of 12, and all rrn!aes a third time on Sentering upon their term of compulsory service in the army. Vtccinalisn is al f-ways done with calf-lymph-never from arm to arm. i-'Tnu lion and the tiger, and indeed most of the earnivera, do nota grind their food. c?.eg) their jaws only up and down, the molarse aci a like ohopping knives, or rather ecis. sore. Their mtcuths are a veritablehash mill. 