IWoveHst. WYTHRED'S WHARF. CHAPTER I. Between Thames-street nnd the Hirer Thames, upon a spot on which the castle of an English monarch onco stood, thero stands a lofty warohousc — so lofty that even at mid-day it throws some shadow upon tho broad whnrf below. It is a busy sceno ; for upon that silent, highway, whoro formerly tho gilded bari'os of royalty glided to and fro with cargoes of dames aud courtiers, black barges now pass in slow procession, led by asthmatic tugs of the most democratic ap pearance. Hero laughter seldom greets the ear ; the hoarse shouts aro heard of barge and lightermen, and the constant trundling of iron trucks loaded with sacks, boxes and bales ; but above all other noise sounds tho rattling chainwork of huge cranes when tho goods are lifted into tho air and swallowed up at somo wido aperture upon ono of tho numerous floors of tho warehouse — a warehouse which would seem to boast of unlimitod accommoda tion ; for tho unloading from tho lighters and tho . lifting of merchandise into ono storeroom or another go on day after day. Upon tho first floor of thU warehouse, looking out upon tho river, is Mr. Lin tock'a office. Mr. Lintoek is the proprie tor. Wythred's wharf and warehouse havo been in tho family for generations. Few richer men are to bo found than John Lintoek in tho city of London ; and yet, as ho sat late ono afternoon at his desk, this princo wharf- owner had a dis contented, troublod look. Ilis brow was doeply wrinkled, and tho expression in his eyes . was that of a man who was con stantly haunted by some distressful thought. A knock at his oflico door, for 110 obvious reason, startled him. It was growing dusky on tho river, and the men woro beginning to disperse for tho night. It was duskier still in tho wharf-owner's room. ^ 44 Who's that ?' Mr. Lintoek, half rising, shaded his eves with his hand. 'Ducket?' ' Yes, sir.' II Ah, that's right. Well,- Ducket, what is it ?' Looking r;.und tho sombra room tho . man sa:d : 44 Shall I light your lamp, sir?' asked Ducket. 'No, Ducket, I shall not need it to night ; I am going home. Have you any thing to say ?' ? Ducket was Mr. Lintock'a foreman. Ho was a broad-shouldered man, with large limb3 and a great, honest face. His .figuro was angular — a rather gaunt form, aggravated in its stoop by constantly bonding to lift, heavy weights. He had tho keen, searching eyns of ono long nc ouatomed to the supervision of a hivo of workmen. ' You wished mo to toll you, sir, when I saw.Ciogatoiin again. ' '? Well?'' said Mr. - Lintoek, noticing somo hesitation. II I have seen him.' 44 About tbe whavf?' 'No; ho has given up coming here. Ho took tho hint I gavo him last time and has stopped coming this way, though 1 never thought ho would.' 'Whoro, then, did you seo him?' asked Mr. Lintoek. ' On London Bridge. He was lounging thoro, sir, leaning ovor the parapet. It was getting dark, and I saw him look at tho warohouso and then into tho river, as if ho had half a mind .to drown himself. I'm a-thinking, sir, that lie's getting a bit daft.' 'A danger to himself,' tho wharf owner answered thoughtfully. 44 And to otherrt, sir,'' said tho foreman, significantly. ' Ho'a plotting. A man liko Clogstouir would stick at nothing, sir.' 44 What do you mean by that, Duckot ?' Ducket twisted his cap in his hand and glanced out of the window upon tho ? darkening river. 'Plotting rovengo,' said lie. 'Eh r '.Plotting revenge, ' repeatod Duckot, with a quick look at his mastor. ' Why, thoso broken-djwn, drunken chaps liko Clogstoun, sir, haven't anything to lose — thoy set no valuo on lifo,' 'Do you mean their own ?' 44 Aye, sir — neither their own nor other ^people's. You'll excuse mo, air ; but if '? yoji had seen tho faco of him — ' 'Tho foreman stopped abruptly. Some thing in Mr. Lintock's face alarmed him ; a keen stab could scarcely havo produced a moro suddeu chango. But tho startled expression passed boforo ho could ask if hie master wore ill. ' Ducket,' said Mr. Lintoek, rising . from his chair,' 'if Clogstoun over comes to tho wharf you havo my leave to hand him oyer to tho polico. Wo must run no risks in a plaoo liko this. I am glad to seo that you aro alivo to thofant that tho man fs a dangerous character.'- As ho drove that evening toward Lon don. Bridge. Station through tho lamp-lit Btrcets, Mr. Lintoek peered restlessly out of iho carnage window ; and iu tho- largo thoroughfares, whoro men with uncouth, dissipated faces laughed and talked at half-open tavern doors, ho looked about him with the horror of ono who dreaded to rocogniao some repulsivo faco among thom. It was not until tho wharf-owner : had passed into tho crowded station that ho seemed to throw oil' in some degree this curiosity about his fellow-men. Mr. Lmlock lived at Greenwich, and tho train was on M-c point of starting. As he stepped into an empty compartment and tlie porter was closing tho door, a young man camo up nut of breath and stepped in after him. By tho dim light they recognised each other as friends, and a warm cxehango of greetings fol lowed. 44 Why, Ovorbock, what takes you to Groonwich, oh?' said tho wharf-ownor. 14 1 was coming to visit you.' 44 To dino with us ?' 'Yes.' 44 1 am delighted to hear it.' A matter of business between Mr. Lintoek and Percy Overbeck had origi nally brought them together. Overbook had taken part of a houso in Trinity Squaro as a junior partner in a Hamburg firm, and often had occasion to land poods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintoek, in his younger days, had known, Overbeck's paronts ; and ho had welcomed to a 'place on his hearth this son of his old friends, as soon as ho presented liis letter of re commendation ; and so it came to pass that tho young Hamburg merchant quickly learned to realise that Mr. Lin toek had a fascinating daughter. Nor did ho despair of somo day winning Bertha Lintock'a hand. Tho train was in rapid motion. Tho two friends sitting opposite eacli other, wero chatting pleasantly, when a startling change camo ovor Mr. Lintock's face. The expression was that of abject terror. Wii.li his eyes fixed as though lie wero fascinated — ixed upon the further win dow of tho carriage — tho wharf-owner sat pale and speechless. Overbeck could not withdraw his gnz o ; and so completely did Mr. Lintock's face aud attitude impress him, that for the moment he imagined something super natural lud appeared to him. Turning his head to follow tho direction of tho wharf-owner's oyes, Overbook was sur prised to seo no phantom — nothing visible beyond tho window but black night. Overbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lin* tock's arm. 41 Aro wo in danger? You stare as though you anticipated something tor riblc. If there is any real — ' Tho older man raised his hand to silenco his companion, at the samo time covering his eyes with tho other as if to shut out some repulsive sight. 44 Thoro is no clangor — no dangor now. It has gono by.' This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. ' Thero was danger, then ? If it was real, and not mere fancy — ' It was real. It's lucky wo mot to- night. Your presence has saved my life.' 44 In what possible way .?' ' Do not question mo now,', said Mr. Lintoek, with great earnestness. 44 1 saw, as distinctly as I seo you at this mo ment, a f-ico at that farther window — a face that has haunted mo for moro than a year.' Overbeck sprang up to go to the car riage door ; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. 44 D.on't stir ! Tho faco has gono — it would be madness!' Tho engine shrieked, and tho carriage1? began to slacken paco. In another min uto the train had come to a standstill in Greonwich Station. CHAPTER IT: The Lintoek mansion, in the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, was surrounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a largo courtyard, might havo been tho entrance to a prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Over beck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown opon, and ho stepped with his host into a broad, well lighted hall, all sonso of dread was in stantly dismissed, for at the foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintoek. Sho was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and sho always looked her host, in Percy's opinion, at theso moments of greeting with her father; not that her dark eyes wero wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they mot his. But sho simply said in a charming tono of well-feigned surprise : 44 Mr. Overbeck. How very kind this is 1' a3 sho took his proffered hand. Ovorbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glanco at her futhor's face, that alio guessed something had re cently upset him. Was it pos.siblo that such a trouble as this, which ho had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon lior father's mind ? Bertha's first words, when they wero alono in tho drawing room beforo dinner, 44 Havo you marked tho change in my father? To night ho docs not seem tho samo man,' con vinced Ovorbeck that sho had been told nothing. 44 He is groatly changed,' replied tho young man. 44 1 am much concerned about him.' 44 Can anything bo dono ?' 'I sincorely hope your father will talk to mo of himself this ovening. I shall draw him out,' ho added, laughingly, to reassuro her, 44 over our cigar.' Bertha's eyes expressed her sonso of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintoek was deeply abstracted ; in fact,' ho left Bertha to do all tho talking ; soj alio and Percy con versed together ta their hearts' con tent. - As soon as dinncV was ovor, Bertha roso to leavo. Whilo Overbeck stood holding open tho door, tho girl gave him one of thoso appealing looks as sho passed out which ho remembered long after. 'Now that wo nro alone,' said Mr. Lintoek, 44 1 will ask your attention for a i few minutes. I want to toll you of tho faco that haunts mo. I havo intended for soino timo speaking to you. Tho in cident in tho train to-night has decided me.' Overbeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively nt Mr. Lintoek, said : 44 1 am deeply interosted.' After a few minutes' pau30, tho wharf owner inquired : 44 Do you remember, Overbeck, an in dividual of tho naino of Clogstoun ?' ? Overbeck shook his head. ' Ho was a workman on tho wharf. I dismissed him for insobrioly.' 44 A dark person, 'with black, hungry eyes?' asked Overbeck. 14 That's tho man, as you decribo him— that's tho man whoso faco I saw at tho carriago window to-night.' Tho younger man's handsome eyes wore fixed searchingly upon his host, 44 Not really ?' Ye*, what olso?' 44 1 thought you might mean his ghost,' said tho young man, smiling. 14 1 mean tho man's faco. I havo no , belief in disembodied spirits.' »l—- 44 But,' said Ovorbeck, 44 unices tho mail C!og?toun is dead — ' 44 Ho is not dead. Ho threatens moj ho has dono so for months. I seo his faco 1 everywhere — everywhere,' said Mr. Lin- I tock, glancing uneasily round tho room. - For a nioment'tho wharf-owner placed his hand across his eyes, a3 ho had done in tho railway carriago ; but quickly re covering himself ho said : j 44 Clogstoun had ofton boen employed on tho wharf, and -\s ofton discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrclsomo habits. Ho insulted everyono ho came across, when oxcited by drink, until it was thought ho must bo out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to his appeal to be given another* chanco, ho muttered, 4 You shan't ruin me for no thing, Mr. Lintoek ; you had better think this over.' X did not like his look then ; thoro was a strango expression in his cyos — a look that seemed to mo to con tain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward lie accostcd mo in tho street, loaded mo with insult, and vowed ho would not rest until ho had taken my life.' Overbeck started up with on angry ex clamation on his lips. 44 The man is mad!' 44 1 treated this throat at first as tho silly utterance of a drunkard,' continued Mr. Lintoek. 44 It gavo ino at the mo ment no real uneasiness. But as time wont by, his conduct began to alarm me. Ho again accostcd me, and became moro insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if ho did not cease to . annoy me, to take tho matter beforo a magis trate.' 41 Ah! 3*ou did right. I should havo dono so at once, though.' 44 But that has no effect. He still dog3 my steps if I venturo out after dark. I seo his oyes fixed on me at every corner ; and unless something is done to put a stop to it I shall be ill. My duties at the warehouso aro a sufficient wear and tear without Clogstoun's wretched faco threat ening me night and day.' Overbcck was pacing up and down the room. Ho could not rost with tho thought of Mr. Lintoek insulted and harassed at every turn. 44 Does anyono know of this affair ex copt ourselves ?' ho asked. Tho wharf-owner reflected a moment. 44 Ducket, I think, suspects something ; nobody else.' 44 Not even your daughter ?' 44 1 havo never spoken to lior on tho subject,' said Mr. Lintoek, evasively. Aftor a moment's pause, Overbeck asked : 44 Can you give mo Clogstoun's ad dross ?' Tho wharf-owner looked up sur prised. 14 It never occurred to mb that lie had any. In what hold or corner of London would he lodge ? His appearance was no better when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp.' 44 He must be known to tho police.' 44 So I hope, for ho has fallen very low. He was last seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account ho gave mo, suicido or something worse. Is there a crime that one so profligato would not commit? Tho thought makes mo shudder! If you had seen iiis faco to-night, tho dread would havo laid hold of you as it has of mo— that my life is in danger.' Ho spoke in a very earnest tono, but thero was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words/ 44 My life is in danger,' seemed to express tho convic tion of a sound- minded man capable of mature reflection. 44 You aro seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintoek, that tho faco at tho carriago window was real, and not imaginary ?' Mr. Lintoek, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : 44 That is a question to which I wish. Overbeck, I could give yon a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? Tlie face, as 1 tell you, threatens mo momentarily— so un expectedly ; it seems- -only too r«al.' Thou he suddenly added with a searching glanco, 44 You do not. think my brain atVected ? Well, well, it is not surpris ing if you do. 1 havo enough worry at tho wharf, sometimes, without this ono, to drive me crazy.' Ovorbeck promised to tako tho matter sorionsly in hand ; and after some further conversation on tho subject, of a re assuring nature, Air. Lintoek proposed that they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at tho piano, but sho roso whon thoy camo in, gavo them tea, aud paid somo delicate littlo attentions toiler father. Then sho returned to tho piano, and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Ovorbeck wont softly to a chair besido her, for the wharf-owner had fallen asleep. 44 lie has spoken to you,' said tho girl, still accompanying her dream. 44 Has he not ?' Her faco was troubled, and tears were in her dark eyes. 44 We havo talked tho matter over. Ho has told me everything. Do not bo dis tiessed; thero is no need. Have confidence in mo, will you, as an old friend Thoro was littlo occasion to havo asked this. Bertha's faco, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. 14 Why should -you doubt that?' was the girl's reassuring reply. 41 For weeks past I havo wished that my father would speak to you. I knew that something disturbed him.' ^ But he is so considerate J Ho has done his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm me.' 44 It is about a discharged workman — it ia host that you should know— a fellow who threatens your father. Tho affair has unnerved him ; but I liopo to put matters right. You nro not frightened, I hopo?' 44 Now ; not now,'' said Bortha in a low voice — 41 not now, that you aro lifting half the burden off our shoulders. How good it is of you 1' Sho was irresistible. Ovorbeck an swered in hi3 earnest way : 44 There is no burden that I would not bear for your sako.' 41 For mo ?' 44 Yes, Bertha. Ilovoyoii.' Thero was a flutter of tho dark eye lashes, but tho girl did not -raise her eyesi Tho accompaniment to hor dream was al most inaudible now. Was tho reality — tho conviction of her lovo for Percy Overbeck dawning upon her ? Tho sonata was finished, and Mr. Lin toek awoke out of his nap. It was timo for Overbcck to bid his friends good night, for ho intended to roturn to Lon don. Ho caught a swoet, timid glanco. from Bertha as ho took his leave. , As the train was approaching London Bridge, and tho glow of lamplight- in, tvido and narrow thoroughfares throw a j rod reflection over tho city, Overbcck - thought of tho countless mysteries that lay hidden in dark courts and alleys, in tho midst of all this glare. Was tho faco that haunted his friend in ono of theso shadowy by-ways? .. - CHAPTER III. Tho visit to Greenwich of Percy Over beck had effected a noticeable chango in the Wharf- owner's state of mind. Tho haunted look left him, his expression was altogether less careworn, and it would al most seem as if thoso strange forebodings which had lately perturbed his brain troubled him no longer. His interest in ail tho business of the wharf returned and Duckot found him ono ovening work ing in grim earnest at his desk. ' ' Wpll, Ducket,' said Mr. Lintoek, as tho foreman camo in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, 44 who is on duty to night ?' 44 I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock.' 44 Not alono?' 44 Why, yea. Tho fact is, air, I'd ft special object in relieving tho night watchman.' The wharf- -owner's glanco exprosscd his surprise. 44 What object could you possibly havo ?' Ducket, still occupied with tho lamp, answered without lifting his oyes : 44 1 am expecting Mr. Overbeck.' ' And what hour?'1 Ducket handed tho wharf-owner a slip of paper. A single line, which ho re cognised as Percy Otcrbcck's writing, rau as follows : — 14 Ton P. M. Wait at wharf. P. 0.'' Mr. Lintock's faco while roading this undeiwenta chango; but recovering him self quickly ho -inquired : 44 Do you know why Mr. Overbeck is coming to night ?' ?The lamp was now lighted, and Duckot, wh'le placing it upon the wharf-owner's desk and adjusting tlie shade, rcpliod : 'It's about Clogstoun. So I naturally suppose ; for there ain't anything else I can think of that would bring him here at that timo o' night. Tho note, just as you seo it, was given to me this afternoon.' 44 Who brought it ?' 44 Ono of Mr. Overbeck's clerk's.' Tho wharf-owner looked thoughtful. 44 1 havo plenty to keep mo busy till ten o'clock,' said he, throwing a glanco ovor the papers beforo him. 44 Mr. Over beck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and see him.' Then taking up his pen ho added, 41 You'll bo within call if I want you, Ducket?' - 44 You've only to touch tho bell, sir; I shall bo suro to hoar.' It was tho first timo for many weeks that Mr. Lintoek had worked alone iu tho counting-houso after dark ; aud it wa& not surprising that tho dead silence and soli tude, when ho occasionally stopped nnd looked up from his desk, .should remind him of the threatening fajo of Clogstoun. Ho had dismissed the clerks, for ho had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to the whaif was entered in tho books upon tho shelves around him. Still tho silence scorned cach. moment moro oppressive. It was past nine. What could Ducket bo doing so noise lessly down stairs, ho wondered ? It was so strange he had neither heard the sound of his voice nor footstops. Then ho thought, 44 If Ducket would only sing or move about the building tho sense of loneliness and dread which is creoping over mo would bo removed.' Ho tried manfully to dismiss this feel ing and to find absorption in the work be fore him; but thoro now roso in his mind, moro vividly than ever, this haunting face. Ho imagitiod the figure of C!og storn, as Ducket had described it, loaning over the parapet of the bridgo. Was tho man there to-night, he wondered? He could not resist tho temptation to stretch out his hand and draw tho curtain back from tho window and look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on tho bridge ; but they wero too dim to havo enabled Mr. Lintoek to distinguish ono figuro from another. Yet lie fancied that, dark as it was, ho could discern a shadowy form standing near tho centre of tho bridge, and that tho form resembled that of tho man with whoso faco ho was so painfully haunted. He dropped the cur tain with an an»ry gesture. 44 What if Clogstoun is there ?' he ex claimed aloud. But tho wharf owner's hand trembled how ; ho could not write. Tho black horrors which ho had resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain liko imps of darkness ; tho more he tried to chaso them from him, tho moro thoy swarmed. His invgination awakenod into terror at hist. A firm conviction took hold of him ; ib was like a nightmare which no strongtb of will could drive from his brain ; Clogstoun was Btaring at him through tho glass partition in tho clerk's office liko a cat watching its prey 1 Mr. Lintoek sprang to his feet. At this moment tho gate bell in tho courtyard of tho warehouse began to ring. CHAPTER IV. Aftor lighting Mr. Lintock'a lamp, Ducket had descended to the basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom ; its aroa represented the dimensions of tho entire warehouse ; and although thero wero piles of merchandise' on all sides of the iron pillars which sup ported the floor abovo. its great sizo was still apparent, for there wero avenues in every direction between theso goodly piles wido enough for tho trucks to run io and fro. Near tho river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing tho main avonuo, and a small win dow on cach side. On the door was written 4 'Superintendent's office, ' Duckot raised tho latch and stepped in. Thoro was a desk under ono of the windows, and under tho other Btood a stovo with a fun nel disappearing through a hole iu tho wood-work. Tho foreman drow up a chair in front of this stove, and having looked at tho firo and fed it with charcoal, ho began to np peaBo his appetite cut of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it, llo ato his supper with apparent relish ; but tho mixturo in tho can did not seem to his taste, for he rejoctod it with a grimaoo after tho first draught. 44 I'd rather drink a pint of senna,' ho declared, driving tho cork homo emphati cally with tho palm of his hand, 44 than another drop of that stuff.' Ho lit his pipe'with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly at tho tin can. Had anyono been playing him a trick ? Ho was be ginning to get so sleepy that tho walls of tho shod appeared to expand, and his head lo grow proportionately larger. It waB a maddening sensation. Ho tried to throw off his drowsiness, for ho was the solo watchman in tho building. If any catastropho occurred tho blamo would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and wont out. IIo began to paco up and down tho centre avenue betwoen pyramids of bales. No mattor whether ho turned to tho right or It ft ho was always becoming moro and moro impressed with tho fact that uncer tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by tho lantern's falling from his hand and going out ; then ho sank on tho ground with his head resting on a hard balo. Was ho dreaming ? It seemed to Ducket as in a dream that someone glided past him liko a ghost, and that a light flashed before his oyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until ho awoke with a start, strongly convinced that lie had been roused by tho clang of tho warehouso bell. Could it bo Over beck at tho gato already ? It was surely not ten o'clock ! Tho foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward tho superintendent's office. As ho went along with outstretched hands he oxporienced a dull singing in his ear*. Was it tho gato-boll vibrating in his be wildered brain ? Ducket found the stovo fire still burn ing, though low. Ho took a lantern from tho wall, nnd lighting it glanced anxiously at tho clock. 44 Ilalf-past ton !' ho exclaimed ; 44 why—' It was the warehouse bell. It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it was so incessant. Still half dazed with tho oppressing effect of his unnatural alccn, Ducket hurried across tho yard, and unlocking tho side door leading into Thames street, found himself faco to faco with Percy Overbeck. With an air of suppressed impatience ho said : 44 Why are you so dilatory in opening tho door?' 44 1 only hoard the bell a minuto ago, sir.' 'How'd that? 1 havo been ringing at short intervals for nearly half-au- hour. Is there anything wrong ?' Duckot looking puzzlod at Overbeck's oxcited face, answered : 44 1 verv much suspect that — ' ' What?' ?' That I've been drugged. That's why I couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise of the bell awoko mo.' The excited expression on Ovcrbcck's faco increased. il Aro you here alono ?' 'I'm the only one on duty; but I'm not alone in tho warehouse,' said tho foreman ; ' Mr. Lintoek is here.' Overbeck burriedlv demanded ,* 41 Where?' 44 In his oflico up-stairs. I left him thero busy writing at his desk.' ? When ?' 44 Some hours ago — beforo I became drowsy.' 'Hours ago ? Show tho way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room.' Ducket, still moro perplexed at Over beck's manner, hastened up-stairs with out a word. Ho was forzod with a dread ful senso of apprehonsion ; and on open ing Mr. Lintock'a door, ho uttered a sup pressed cry. Tho wharf-owner's room was empty ; but tho lamp upon his desk was burning, and tho light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had beeu upset upon tho table, and tho ink was trickling down into a pool upon tho floor. Overbeck stepped forward, took a quick glanco round him. Then ho looked keenly rt Ducket. 'Clogstoun has been hero. * He aud Mr. Lintoek havo met.' The foreman's face expressed a lcok of horror. 44 Now, Duckot,' said Percy Overbeck, ; placing his hand upon tho foreman's j shoulder, 44 nerve yourself. Lot us search tho warehouso.' Tho warohouso was explored from roof to basomcnt. Tho foreman who had known every turning among tho dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood, took tho lead, flashing his lanlern inlo every nook and corner. Ou cach floor they called on Mr. Lintoek loudly by namo ; but only an echo of their voices roiched thom. Thoy stood onco moro within tho wharf-ownor's room. ' Duckot,' said Overbeck, 44 cast your oyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing ?' Tho light from the foreman's lantern moved over tho* floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly itstopped be hind Mr. Lintock's chair. 44 Do you seo that peg, sir?' 44 Yes.' 44 That koy should bo there. It's j gone.' 1 44 What koy?' 44 The koy, sir, to that private door ;' and Duckot pointed to a door opposite the : window. 44 But.,' said Overbeck, 44 that loads out upon tho wharf. And,' ho added, turn ing tho handlo, 4- it's locked. What can it mean ?' 44 It means,' said tho foreman with suddon inspiration, 44 that, dead or alive, master has gono out by that door.' Without loss of time, by means of Iho superintendent's key, thoy made their way out upon tho landing-stago. They ! looked eagerly across tho dark river. Tho tido was lapping monotonously against tho sides of the- wharf j chains wero rattling, boats and barges moored along side croaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Duckot. who went flashing j about with his lantern, cried out : I 44 There's a boat gono I' 44 Ah ! Is the tide ebbing ?' 44 Ay, sir, ebbing fast.' Overbeck reflected a moment; then he said : 44 Give mo tho lantern,' Ducket obeyed. 44 Now,' added Overbcck, 44 unfasten a boat, and let us row down tho stream. We aro on tho track, I hope, at last.' Tho foreman quickly set to work. Thero was a boat suited to thoir purposo lying outside abargo ; it was soon loosened and ready to start. 44 I'll tako the sculls,' said Overbcck, as ho Btopped into his place. 41 You shall | steer. You know this part of tho river better than I do. Aro you roady?' 44 Right with tho tide, Mr. Ovorbock ?' 44 Yes, by all means ; with the tide.' And so, with Duckot grasping the rud der and Ovorbeck tho sculls, tho boat moved out into mid-stream. On they j wont with the ebbing tido, under tho I black shadows of huge ships nnd towering warehouses until Duckot's lantern was a mcro speck of gliding light in tho dark ness. Bortha Lintoek, although mado awaro in a message from her father that ho Bhould not return until lato, began to grow anxious towards midnight. Sho paced up ar.d down her room, and con stantly listened for tho sound of wheels in tho carriago-drivo ; tho unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Porcy, she could not conquer her strong presenti ment of dangor; for, when a child, Wythred's wharf had mado a deep im pression upon Bortha. Whilo walking at her father's side through the great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some pas sage— walled with bales of merchandise — bo dark and narrow that sho shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had novcr entered it since. Presently, Bertha hoard a hurried step outsido tho house. Sho ran to tho win dow and throw it open. Ovorbeck stood below. 44 Porcy, has anything happened ?' sho asked. 44 Whoro is my father?' 44 He is here, Bortha — at tho gato. You havo no need to bo alarmed.' Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeck met her at tho door, and thoy went into tho dining-room to gether. 44 Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy,' Percy hastens to tell her. 44 Ho believes that whilo seated iu his oflico this evening, Clogstoun threatened him. Panic-stricken, ho es caped from this phantom, or reality, down his privato staircase leading to tho wharf. Here, groping his way to tho barges, ho dropped into a boat, and, set ing it adrift, wont out with the tido. Ducket nnd I — to cut along story short — overtook tlie boat, and—'' At this moment Mr. Lintoek slowly en tered the room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes were wet and bespattered with mud. Seeing his daughter, ho step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. 4' Aro you hurt, father?' 44 No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket,' said he, looking up gratefully into their faces, 44 havo saved my life.' Tho wharf- owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his. daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to health. Clogstoun's faco never haunted Mr. Lintoek again ; for on the day after this occurrcnec, the man was found at tho warehouso among some bags of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last ; and a3 a small phial was discovered at his sido containing traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that he had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had | himself swallowed tho rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched oxistenco to an end. For some time Mr. Lintoek avoided tho subject of his flight from tho oflicoand j from tlie faco. It appeared, however, ! that at the moment when Clogstoun forced his way into the room, tho wharf owner recreated through the privato ! door. This door he locked behind liiin, 'in order to cuf. off pursuit ; and thus ! separated from tho Thames-street exit by ? Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintoek made his escape by water. In after days, when Bortha had become Overbeck's wife, thoy often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on tho watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that ho had found a means of getting into tho wharehouse. For this reason ho had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that, events would tako such a strange turn as they had dono. As manhood and womanhood open up, difcrituination is r.caesccry between what oufiht to bo remembered and what it were better to forget. O.io good general rule wbiah holds through life is to_ forget as speedily as possible tho evil whioh wo see around ua and even within ns; for evil, HUq \ aplant, thrives in tho light and withers in the darkness. Brcught into open view, tallied about, thought about, and stored in remen-braneo, its tendency is to reproduco itself. ! Compltmestb, which wo think aro de served, we aceopt only aB debts, with in dffererco; lut thoso whoso oonfeience informs us we do not merit, wo rcceivo with tbe eame gratitudo that we do favors given ; away. 