THE DOCTORS DOOM, A. *FORY OF REAL LIFE. CHAPTER XLL—{Concluded ) Bz BOBUBS THWAZXB, "Itfa wj likely yon will see it, and be aonyafterwarda," replied Polstrap, TM omUw 1 ! wile pro rod to be a p able good cook. Mid made jsp a oioa 4u for her«ue«t», Wbw tj>ey had partaken of it the bid man (emMta^, that ther^ could walk thiouh the gro«*da, * view from the top of the oliff heugoonaiaered very- fine. r 'I ahould like to Me our bedroom while It is darikht," aaid Edward Prieat. Old Polstrap nfri Quick glanoe at hia i bat n* nothing suspicious. ~ ' wile la potting it to lighta just now." _.. L we will tiU The bedroom into whioh WHI very luge: tak, aad the Mil _hauk»ou. „ „ before we go to the cuff* The old womaq Sopk ej&1!Bb#ik otjoaaatre twffl*Mh hint, fendTritii- "Kow for • eefcnh for aeonfc dotted •aid Ed ward THeft and going rouad-tks room hetappea the waihtooFjifchVly with Ms knuoklee. ' "vi-1' "Ah! Here's a 'method ol ingrt may not be generally known; B IS ghoat oomoa in taetwaf^e^l civefy^.ji trouble." * - - Tin wainseot atthat apot yielded a more bollow sound tiuo alother plaoes, oloae examination/ahowed 'thai the joint, WM slightly wider. , Bat alibis effort* to open the.aearet door waalitalOefea. : "It atrikea me the old [man knows more •boat tMi alleged ghost than any one olse," thought Edward Erieat. , Hnrw»lked threagkthe gnmndami «ft into the cliff, when * rostiQ seat a few yards froathe edge of * tremendous tmoitto commanded* spleedid aea view. - " onld you really iitaeto Llirehexe lor a whilef aaked BdwanL • - "1 should indeed;! an tired of travel ling." Well, if the plaoe ia not haunted* I will take it. " After topper, when Jtfrs. Polstrsp 2nd fin ally wishod them pood night, «prwi» * hope that their Bleep wo aid not be aiatmbea, having looked the door, Edward, toBmily'a amaemeat, uid^ " Do yoa think >00 can help me to lift the drawing-table! I want to pat it then," and he pointed to the pert of the wainaoet wUera he had diaeovered the hidden door. " leee, Edward, bat that will not atop the ghoat." "' I fancy H will," he replied, with a strange " Then yoa think the ghoat a aham one I" \- We shall aee. Now, then, if it ia too heavy, we moat cat something elae," Bat Emily waa fairly strong, and the drseeiug-table waa removed without mi troahle. " Kow, Kmily, go to bed. I intend to keep watch lor the ghoat. 0 She would ham liked to alt up with him; bat ahe waa both tired and aleepy, and waa aooain bed. Edward Prieat aat reading till nearly midnight; then he put «ot the Iwipi and sat feeing the ceoret door. There waa jnat light enoughto enable him to aee if the door waa opened, and be bad not many minatea to wait. Tbe door opened slowly; bat before Edward caught a glimpae of the intruder eowiething struck the baok of. the dressingtable, and a Yoioe exclaimed in a hoarae whisper— f Corse it ?-Tve amaahed my toe!" Spindng on the table, Edward Priest flaahiibaok the door at the instant it ni befog again shut, and aeized old Polstrap by the throat. "So yoa an the ghoat, yoa miserable old cheat! Lead the way oat of thia passage." The ifld caretaker wai too terrified and crestfallen to think of resistance; in faot, he waa scarcely in a oonditfen to offer any. Clad only in hia night attire, with'a sheet drawn around him, he WM harmless enough. They emerged, after going down a narrow staircase, through another hidden door, into the large dfaring-hall. where the old man had left his lighted oani " Oh, sir, yoa will not tell my master?" the old man aaid, with a groan. " I can promise nothing at present. Give me the key of tUa door." "It^ia in my room; I will fetch it;" and he was abont to take the candle. " JLeave the light there: you can find your way Well enough." Polatrap aoon retained with the key. "Now yoa can go to bed. I am going baok to my room thU way," udd Edward, pointing to the door in the wainscot. Having locked and bolted the dining-room door, he entered the secret passage, doting the door behind him, and emerging into the bedroom found Emily anxiously awaiting him. "So the old man has been playing the ghoat!" aha said. " What can have been hia motive!" ** To keep the hall from getting a tenant We can take it now without any misgivings. We will return to Camelford to morrow, and I will leave you there whilst I go to London to see the owner." That gentleman waa. only too glad to let the hall on lease, the longer the term the better t and ao the fisher folk of Tintagel were startled on learning that it was to be again occupied. Secognising^the difficulty they would encounter in procuring aervanta for a house reputed, to be haunted, Mr, and Mra.' Prieat decided to retain - the servioea ol the Polstraps, and when they had been'a fortnight at the hall to the wondering^ surprise of the villagers four other servants, engaged by an agency in London, came down to oomolete the establishment. , To Emily's intense satisfaction her hnaband became far more oheerful than heliad been ainoe their marriage. They took long walks and drivea on the oo&st;, but Edward always seemed happiest when sitting on the cliffj watching with the aid of a telescope the numerous vessels almost continually phasing, or tollingstories of his jbdian experiences. , One beauttfal afternoon, in the midst <i[ a profound reverie, be aaid slowly— "Poor Zuliel She deserved a better fate!" "Whit have I been saying, Emily?' be aaid. ^^Something about Zulie deserving abetter "I have never told yotr about her, but it is rfgbtyou should know. She wararilndian Princess, and my wifs. You are not angry, Emily, that I have hitherto hidden beneath the veil of aOenoe thatJpart of my life—after I waa reported to be sdseiag?" ' "Angry,Edwacdl No,why shouldIbe? 1 crow yoa have done nnthing dishonourable. 3M1 me about bar." a skirmish jvith the rebels^'fcear Fyzabad, 1 was taken: prisoner, and being an offieer of. the dateated Feringhee. army, waa Intended for a horrible death by threw the earth round him op to the neck. There he was lsft, exposed to tiie hetf trf the, ,«on, the pangs (S fihbger and thirst, and to the etlnga Innumerable insects which covered his faoe andtie&d.; A guard of two wita'aaa themJHie fieadaknowingtbatmyown . agony would M thereby intmaified. But on the very day of Brooke's death, when he had . endured the torturefor five days, and when I was every moment expecting*ny own doom, ' Oti* of the sepoys guards happened to see an my fiegerthe ring that the Begum had given me when I rescued her from her unole's fort. His faoe expressed the utmost surprise, and after seizing my band to examine the ring more closely, hia demeanour towards, me changed at oao*. Salaaming profoundly, he hurried away, qutokly returning with a rebel offioer of high rank, who spoke finglinhpretty • weoU. Where y<Jn get that ting V he said. , * from the niece of R*jah Peenah, the f Prinoev Znlle.' ' StrJw It fwto her* . . (he gave it me for saving her life.' ' - Come witt me. If you tell true, that ring will save Tourlife. 1 " I waa taken to a sumptuous tent and treated aa a distinguished gueBt. My two scanty meals of boiled rico were exchanged for eveirthing I could desire, and the leader Of the rebels having accepted my promise not toatteo.pt escape,! could go where I pleased la the vidnity of the camo. A month elapsed, and then ZuUe arrived. She knew that Suaan waa dead-she had learnt that in Calcutta: and less than a.week afterwards the Chief sought an interview with me, and hinted that Ziffle was in love with me. I knew that it woold be madness to reTttse to „ and my English kindred, laooepted rieemedto be my fate. Wemremarried by a Brahmin priest, ana ZuHe was tbe auk loving of wives that man oould ever, tnaaeaa. For the five year* our union lasted I was not only contented, bat happy. Bat die met with »terrible death. I had not left her one evening more than half an hour, and on my return found her, in an agony of fear. She had been bitten badly by one of the most rf«adiy snakes to be found in India, and in (lass than another hour she waa dead, xhere w»< then nt> tie to bind me to India, and I xetnrnetf to England." , , , Be stopped, and the shade that had settled .on his face told Bmily that he was again fcr .i diDcch the one.t^jeat that held auoh jjtovvt over' 