THE IDEAS OF CHILDREN'. (daily yews.) Everything is a systery to a child, end all c&ldren; are. mysienetf^to us. 3Tbey move abc«t in worlds hot realised, and they seldom confide to thehostile tribz-s of the gretva up what they are thinking about things^ Ai» they gr-yw older, thb -q«ter, innocent viawn» faint frcwa their memory, and -very few pe&ple; recollect — ssll fewer have ever told us — wbst was their childish conception of the universe* Kor is it easy to discover what passes in a child's mind. Only by accident is it let out. If you ask questions you pnzaie them, and. they answer not at all, or answer in impro vised myths,- Ske the child in Words worth's poem, **Thei e is no weathercock, and that's the reason why.1' Travellers find. the same difficulty in getting at t&e; legends of savages. The only plan is to lisfcec to them as they talk among' themselves, but parents would acsrcelyfthink it fair tp ijfetea to chil dren among thtanfielves even, in the interests of seience. Oddtiiinss ane^vaheard ki that way, as when soine Scotch children wese dis cussing Creation, and one of them, a girlish theologian of six, maintained that the Creator 'first made a little place to stand on^ and then did the rest.' This was a iayth in the making. The scientific interest lies here ; if there is anything in evolution, a xhOd's mind may be- expected to pass through the stages of the early mind- of primitive humanity. The processes will not be identical, because f^fldren are taught matters, as in religion, which, are high above their natural intellectual height. Foreign, bodies of belief and custom are introduced into their thoughts. These they tackle as best they may with their undeveloped mental processes and capacities. If the- . hypothesis of evolution^- . as commonly - understood,' is. correct, and applies-*: ,J if ; -3^dldren -think, as savagft \- a^ his ' ' MianSou,'' because ^ ^enuilde a bow tohim. Any. pjpwji -hughb BBTO-i^dbne it; but this parHfmlm* did, and he was sensible of its courtesy and kind interest. Mr. Grant Allen' has lately been ^rguiri^.^M®^ ^fortnightly jfe r ietc, that stones are worshiped (as they are all the world byer^' because gravestones :wae origin^ly '«acced, sanctified by the Iciest of the^eLd^'m^^wh^^lie below. The stone would be the spirit's home, 'and, by -extending the idea, other atones would come to be .regarded as tenanted iry spirits, and aTl alive. ? This is an cxtenaon or a following of Mr. Herbert Spenoar's well-known hypo By one of the curious accidents which are always occurring, a lady happened to give her childish belief in animated stones about the very time that Mr. Allen offered to - the world his theory of the1 origin of thfr belief. In Longman's 2£ugaziiie for February Miss Ingelow told the story of the recollections of her infancy. Miss Ingelow does not seem to have thought of her anecdotes as bearing at all on 'fetichism,' as it is called* the worship of stones, and the theory that stones are alive, and may even marry have little pebbles, as in FijL When Mia* Ingelow was about three shp was, though a little British child, a little Fetichist. ' I had a habit of attributing intelligence to not only all living creatures — the same n.m»-nnf. and kind of intelligence X had myself — but even to stones and manufactured articles. I used to feel how dull it must be for the pebbles of the causeway to be obliged to lie still, and only see what was round about. When I walked out with a little basket for flowers X used sometimes to pi^Tr up a pebble or two and carry them round to have a change ; then, at tiie furthest point of the walk, turn them over, not doubting that they would be pleased to have a new view.' Ingelow had been taught EHpicfriV doctrine at ! a very early a^e ; otherwise, if left to herself, she would probably hove worshipped a big^ rock. As she remai&s;, grown -^up people I foster this tendency -of children to personify I all things. They teach the children to 'slap I the naughty floor ' when they fall and hurt themselves, and so -forth. But we presume that the , ? grown-up are here accommo dating themselves to infantile psychology ^ - they did not -originally ^suggest it, in all its ? force. ' If. ^so^. the .question arises : did Miss Ingelow inherit a savage fancy, originally developed out of ghost- worship (as Mt» . alien's theoiy to be), or is this per* - Bonification OS all an .nwiyinsmim^ or. . ; tenaon to ^ie whole universe -rif the and the savageVownsenseof personality** Is - :- the notion of 'the ghost of One huried nnder' a stone at all necesnry for the develop- ? znent of the sense that all things have ' life? . Philosophers and erolnfanpi^fat ymghft, . at least, try to learn - mere, about children ? than they know at present— more about what passes in their minds. An American : author, Mfog WHtse, h«g lately published some studies of ideas- They are less fetichistic AHaa Xngelow's anecdote. A'child ^ght naturally mairo tiie myth that thunder is caused by rolling about heavr balls in heaven, or thmTr rain wm caused by u the leating of the water carts up there/' There is a pretty tale of a poor little city child, who had -seen diamonds, * 'in a shop window, and on a jpatch of grass in Maloney's yard, !real,; early in the morning.' Sun, moon, and stars are regarded as men, women, or angels, just as by or the people of ^the^Big Veda. A whose feet were stained by blue stockings thought -c some 'of the sky had fallen down and he had stepped in it. He will not be ' nearer Heaven than when he was a boy ' in later years. Much might be Learned if mothers and nurses were anthropologists, but it has not come to that yet. 