DIOCESE OF SALE. (From our own Correspondent.) The bells which we now being erected at St. Mary's Cathedral were consecrated on Sunday last by the Bishop, assisted by the Itf-vs. D. B. Verlin, of Bairnsdale, and D. O'Shea, of the Cathedral. At half-past 10 o'clock a. procession, consisting of about twenty acolytes and his Lordship, and the above-named clergymen, filed over from the convent grounds to the place where the bells are being erected. A magnificent processional cross was borne in front of the procession. The ceremony being ended, the bells were formally intoned by Messrs. J. Cullinan, P. Finegan, Jas. M'Mullan, D. H. O'Brien, and Maurice Killeen. The ceremony itself is best explained in the sermon afterwards preached at the Cathedral by the Bishop, in the course of which his Lordship said— . The Church blesses everything she uses in the service of God; and as the bells are destined for a pious and holy purpose, she also dedicates them for this object by certain rites and ceremonies. The object of the bells is expressed in ah old Latin verse, the meaning of which is this— I praise God, call the people, convoke the clergy, Mourn the dead, bespell the clouds, and announce the feasts. The first object, then, of the bell is to announce the glory of,God, hence the faithful are invited by the ringing of the bell to adore the Blessed Sacrament at the moment of Consecration or Benediction. They serve to convoke the people and the clergy for the celebration of Holy Mass and other devotions. They remind us to pray for the departed when the bells, are tolled at their death or burial. The Church prays at the blessing of the bells that through them/the faithful might be preserved from the-harto ot storms and tempest. Finally, they *en;e to announce tfae,feasts;of Ood.and.-His saints, because the beUs are tdeBtmed for these different purposes,-or because, in one word, they art dedicated to^the pM. poses of divine worship. They are.an accordancewith the'.direction of. the Church, first solemnly blessed. Formerly the persons appointed, to r ^ the bells bad to be in the sanks the clergy. The bells are washed^ndcleansedwith holy: water inside ahd^ufede Thi^is to express .-thoniwiBh. thdt thfe bell •BligTit.riei.iaiTclejuii'.'jnBt'niment;, :ttf: pure and holy Teligion. By thi S cefe. mony the faithful are reainded X as the sound of this inanimate Tjell igT go forth to the praise of God only W pure and sanctified metal, so, in aim higher degree, must the prayers and praises of Christians come from MM hearts and clean lips. The blessing of the bells likewise tells us that w e are not worthy to appear in the sight of God in His holy temple, and to take part in the sacred mysteries of our religion if we have lost the purity and innocence of baptism, and have defiled our souls with sin. We must first cleanse and purifr ourselves by penance before we presume to open Our lips in the praise of God just as the bell is first washed ami cleansed before it is permitted to send forth a sound in the service of God, The bell is, moreover, anointed with oil and chrism, not unlike the manner in which a child is anointed in baptism. The holy oil signifies the power of the Holy Ghost, and the chrism denotes the gracious merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesns Christ, The inanimate metal is not.it is true' susceptible of the graces of Jesus Christ or of the power of the Holy Ghost, but in this unction the Church has in view the faithful. The psalms and prayers recited by the clergy implore of the Almighty that as often as we make use of these bells, He would be mindful of the precious merits of His divide Son; that in view of these same merits He would, by the power of the Holy Ghost^ dissipatei hurtful storms and banish the spirit of sloth from the faithful as often as they are called to prayer and divine worship by the sound of: the bell; and that He would also shorten the time of suffering of the souls of the faithful departed as often as the bell is tolled in their memory, and whenever the living upon earth send up for them their prayers. Besides the first unction, the new is anointed seven times more on the outside with oil, and four times on the inside with chrism. This sevenfold unction may have reference to the words of the Eoyal prophet, " Seven times a day I give praise to Thee, O Lord," and then the Divine Office recited by the clergy every day consists of seven canonical hours. The fourfold unction of the interior of the bell with chrism may be said to denote that the sound of the bell is to go forth to the four points of the compass, and to remind Jew and Gentile'of the f the holy mysteries of His reigion, which .are preached and celerated within the Christian temple. very Christian, having been baptized nd anointed with holy chrism, may be aid, in a certain sense, to be a living ell, upon whom consequently the obligaion rests of announcing Christ, his aviour, either by the sound of his ords, or, at least, by the example of his irtuous life. The name of a saint is lso given to the bell. The first object f this may be to distinguish the different ells that are. suspended in the . same ower. Another reason is, the wish to lace the bell under the protection f God and His saints. Whenever e hear a bell, we ; inay picture o ourselves that the saint after whom the bell is named calls s to the service and praise of God. Of the bells which we have consecrated today, one is dedicated to Our Lady of Perpetual Succour, the patroness of.onr Cathedral, another to the Sacred Heart of our Divine Lord, and the third toot. Joseph, the foster-father of our Blessed Eedeemer. Finally, a vessel with burning incense is placed beneath eacj hsll. This is to symbalise the devout prayers to which the new bell is to assemble tbe faithful. Prayer in'the language of Twiy scripture is often likened to the agreeable odour of frankincense. As soldiers on tue campaign have bugles to call their, comrades to the ranks, so the Church uses the hells to . call the people to™ services. The bells are rung in^ morning, at boon, and^iu.the evemnf- These are the Angela bells. the Angelus P It is the angehc saW* tion, the announcement Of the'Myatom* the Incarnation by an angel to Mary, the Mother of our Lord, and by tie spun^f the bell three limes a day we are re minded of our redemption, that .bagwg the angel, addressing Wry. Mg^gL briandfthegif ted our hoiyreligion, says,''Howofteniatte calm of night, the toll of the bell waR to tell of a dying Christian ^ »N*g like the pulsations of a dyxng^an to a sinner P Sow often has even oveu to w the wo ear of the atheist r iiiA.i'ii ^ point of writing the blasphemv^^ no God,' the |en flro$ ty m h ? "hears 'with terror fe^e dying that seems to s a y ^ f ^ ^ l soP thereis no. God ?'. f ^ t f S religion that the sound or a . -«an change pleasure into ^he atheist, iid striie ;the the hand of the assas9m. : «ro^1L and holidays *ho hw J of the church bells wafted over Ifii and vale, calling people to the SUp of the one true God? Each ^ration of the metal recalls to us £ enceof a rural life the calm of solitude, the charm of religion, and the Iweet melancholy of our infant days. What heart is so hardened that does not wioice at the sound of the bells of his Mtive village—those bells that tremble with ioy at his birth, announcing his coming into the world, marking the first beat of his heart, publishing the holy iov-of Ws father, the more inefEable joys and pains of his mother ? All come back Jo us at the sound of the bell of our native village-religion, family, country, the cradle and the tomb, the past and the future." Whenever you near these bells hearken to them as to the voice of God.' Be diligent in His service s.nd faithful in discharging the debt which vouowe to His Sovereign Majesty. The 11 o'clock Mass was celebrated by the Rev. D. B. Verlin, of Bairnsdale, tnd the choir rendered Mozart's 12th Mass very efficiently. 