'GOLD. „ I. t Wttfadc 'the following from1 the ™.°t /A 'Age df February 7, a paper -pub- . '8r jtti. ut ardhennesberg, tho town wkloh is , ^-e«ntre Of the principal goldfieliiE in the Jfoflttsvaail :— ' A day er two ago, in tho 'COWse of a -conversation with a prominent ?brokerttio usual quostion was propounded: ?''Woll.'how'H businossT 'Don't speak of it,' wa^tho forlorn response. 'I never saw things &o; blue. To show you how bad they really&re;, T, and a great number of brokers, have for months past lived on one meal a dfcy.tand it is often a matter of difficulty to pay for that and one's lodgings.' Generally things are sick and sorry, and 'there are more deaths -in Dohannesberg. ftban there are sales.' Our Beaconafield correspondent reports, ©n March 19:— Tasmania.— 'Water still up, (preventing ^work being 'done, in loweat level ; Btone being got from other parts of , the mine. All.pumps going, battery crush ing. East Tasmania.- — Nothing new to report. ''West Tasmania. — Getting things ready for opening out from main shaft at 100ft. Cleaned up fr jin a crushing of 50 tons. Result not up to expectations, Brandy Creek. — Shaft down about 121ft; still in. good country ?? and dry. Cosmo politan. — Driving. Connecting old work ings with drive from new shaft. Little Wonder and Moonlijjht. — Various works going on in the.se mines. The latter will be starting to ?sink another 100ft shortly: Ophir Deep Lead. — Eoda being fixed now, attempting to draw. Mining works to be resumed. 'Will be pumping out shaft to morrow. Phronix. — Not much improve ment in progress. A Strahan correspondent of the Mercury reports that quartz mining on the West Coast ' has temporarily been almost sus pended, with tho exception of tho Madam Howard, under the able management of Mr Peter Irvine, who has, since taking charge, begun work in a permanent manner The sinking of an underla.y shaft to the depth of 100ft on the reef has been let to Mr Lorraine, and fair progress is being made. Should the reef live down to this depth, as indications favour, the work will then be pushed ahead. The Macquarie Company's battery has been purchased, and will be re-erected on the Madame- Howard's ground so soon as the Government have completed the road. Tho Princess Com pany.I understand, aro taking out a crush ing from another part of their reef, and if it prove favourable there is still ft hope of future prosperity for this Company. The scarcity of water prevents a crushing taking place of about 100 tons of stone, they have to grass already, but there ara only two men working besides the., manager. The old King Biver claim has at last given up the ghost, the enormous amount of money px perided by this Company in the endeavours to obtain a payable lode has met with unde served failure, and is regretted by all. During.the time this Company have been working vast sums of money have been paid for labour, and the class of the com munity who benefit so much by this expen diture will miss the payment regularly made by the Company. It was thought a shaft would be sunk to a depth of 100ft or 150ft, but this to all intent3 and purposes has been abandoned, and the works hung up. The amalgam from the recent crushing of 69 tons of stone from the Amalgamated West Tasmania has given 67oz of retorted gold, being nearly equal to loz 3dwt per ton. . . .. The vicissitudes of mining life were well I11..nin._i..J ; ? ? l ? _i tt»-_j*j. ? ? jiiuobirabeu m tt recunu uuue tib .K-t?mkoxi, on the West Coast of New Zealand. A man was sued by his butcher for .£9 Is. Defend ant said he had only a few valueless miming shares, which he was. quite willing to hand ov«r to his creditor, but which the Jatter declined. In ten days a discovery in an. adjoining claim sent up thn value of one parcel of these same shareB to .£900, the scrip from being worth nothing reaching 3a Sd. 