Theatre Boyal. TbtJufley^lark; Combination. . TMllfi third and final entertainment was given by these great artists last night, in the Theatre Royal, in the presence of another large audience. The programme opened with a pianoforte solo, "Taran- tella," by Mr. Wyatt Mortimer. The Ber. Charles Clark followed in that exquisite and pathetic passage from " The (Md Cariosity Shop," descriptive of the death of Little Nell, which was given as "onlyheeán give it. Mr. Santley then sang " Son of' the Ocean Isle," by Ralph Betterton (which, by tho way, is the norn'de-plume under which Mr. Santley's compositions appear), in his best nvwner, and was loudly applauded and encored. He responded by singing the favorite Cavalier lay, "Here's a Health to His Majesty," in finished style, lim Justin McCarthy was down on the programme for " Eventide," but she sub- stituted "Yaahti," which she rendered . with fine effect, being ably accompanied by Dr. Thompson. In response to an emphatic encore, she gave a pretty air from one of the operas. The first part of : the programme concluded with th* rendering of Macaulay's fine fragment, The Coming of the Armada," by the Rev. Charles Clark. This was given in most spirited fashion,, and tumultously applauded, but Mr. Clark declined the encore. The second part of the pro- gramme opened as usual with a pianoforte solo by Mr. Wyatt Mortimer, which was 'rudely interrupted by some unappreciative mortals in the rear, and Mr. Mortimer retired discomfited without finishing it. The next item was certainly the gem of the performance, and the finest thing we . have yet heard Mr. Santley Bing, Gounod's "Naurath." It ia perfectly evident that 'it is in sacred music of this des- cription that the true /«rte of this great artist liss, and his rendering of this lovely cantique roused the audience to the highest pitcp of enthusiasm. Tho encore was mnaniraous as emphatic, and in response Mr. Santley sang another sacred Simposition pf Gounod's, "There is a reën QUI Far Away,'' in the same ex aoisite arid feeling planner. The Rev. .Charles Clark next gave his auditors a \- treat jn the shape of à description of the . celebrated party to which Bob Sawyer1 invited Mr. Pickwipk and his friends, .which delighted them as highly as these humorous recitals from Dickens ; always do. He was, of course, ea corea, and responded by reciting the pathetic account of Bob Cratchett' Christ- mas dinner (as shown by the ghost of Father Christmas to the miserly old . Scrooge, his employer), from that finest of all Christmas stories, the "Christmas _ Carol". Mrs. Justin McCarthy sang very sweetly a ballad, "The Old, Old Words," and responded to the encore by render -ing that beautiful and pathetic Scotch air of Burns, "Ye Banks and Braes," in a ' sympathetic manner which highly pleased the audience. The final item on the pro- gramme was tho grand old English song, "The Leather Bottèl," which .Was the delight of our fore- fathers, and Mr. Santley sang it Mi ' o^re. The inevitable encore [followed, and the great. English baritone, to the delight of the'audience, responded by singing the equally favorite "Simon ": the Cellarer". Th'is concluded not only a Îiost enjoyable programme but tho com- bed entertainments given by these two grfsat artista : and we may safely say that, r !! take them for all in all, we ' shall not "look upon their like again," in Broken HUI, for many a long day. 