An Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER SXV1. ; wilfbid's dslvsxoxt; By W. CLARK RUSSELL. It was pleasant to learn next morning tliat the breeze which had been slipping ns nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night,, giving us an average of some seven knots tin hour, but had gathered a little increase of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel, in the resonant humming from aloft,, the quick wash and eager seething of recoiling seas; the straining noises of /strong {listenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades; were pour-, ing full upon the starboard "bow andwe were buzznig through the cool Atlantic parallels withm a distance of soundings tliut would render talk about Southampton wid arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had penetrated these "doldrums," as they are culled, I was dreading the long dead calms o£ the frizzling belt where a catspaw is. hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the: sun suets out the very.blue of the atmosphere till, the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell . with' a v, T hite-hot clapper for light. My'spirits ; were good as 1 sprang out of my bunk nii'l made for the bath-room. It wasn'ot only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my; berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stem as it had been for weeks ; the object of this trip, such as.it was, had been :;clueved; there -was nothing more to keep a look-out for; nothing more to hold , one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was" material had. happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson lookmg on was like the drop of the black curtain : it' was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again, the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and made my . way to the sparkling breakfasttable. I seated myself on .a coucli waiting for. Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to.jserve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, ".Is there any chance of Lady Montoii joinmgus at table, doyou know ?" "Ithink not, sir, 'he answered. "Who attends to her—I mean as regards her meals ?" ; ; •.-:•.'-. ;"Miss Jennings' maid, . su\\... ;Shie -told •me this morning her. ladyships's-ordersare that a seperate tray should: be:,prer pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago.". • • ; i "• "So I may presume," said I, " that she finds herself pretty well this morning ? And my cousin, steward 1" "I was to tell you, sir,'' he=• answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come; to table." : • v.. ;._.. -••>•• " How is he ?" "He didn't complain, sir; just said " I'll brea"kfast in my cabin this morning !".. "•.••'.'.;;...., "All right," said I, and the man retired. .. : ~ : • --..--.•• -•-.---.--.-• There was nothing, unusual in. "Wilfrid bieakfastmg in his cabin. 1 was glad to hear that he did not coinplam; as a rule he was verycatidid'if in .suifermg ; owned Ireely to whatever troubled" him, however ;rifliiig, and made much of it. - •' ; ; In a few minutes Miss Laura came from her . berth. Her face had the delicacy of. look that in her at all events' I took to express, a troubled or sleepless night.,. Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted/their dewyfreskness of, lue. "let no woman,'I - thought, could ever show. sweeter than she sis she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incejising the atmosphere with a fiower-like fragrance that bad nothing whatever to do: with- the scent bottle I told her: that Wilfrid Mould not breakfast .with hs and we seated ourselves.' ' He is well, I hope? " ' Oh, I Bhould think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. HI look in upon : him/ aifter 'treakfasi. ; Ha\c jouseen Lady Monson. this morn-. •• '.:.•''.. //v.;;- :•:.-.:'.*•••.•. ' lv T o," she answered, "Isentmy maid nitli i message and tlie reply was that Lady Monson- wislies:to be alone." •;•; ' Kow, Miss Jennings," said I gently but v i'„h some emphasis. " you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. lou have done your duty; she is on ljuard tins yacht; 1 shall grow fretful if I . ttmilcyou intend to WMte a gmgle breath if the sweetness of your heart upon the. and air of Madam Henrietta's dieserf, JUtimo. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through thinkuiD'ibouther ' '' About her and other things." '"Why tease yourself?/::Asister.,iis a" niter only so long as she chooses to act nd f e el as one It is indeed a tenderword—a sweet relationship. But if a m oman coolly cuts all family ties— 1 ' She shook her head, smiling " Your Mews aie too hard, Mr. Monson. You * "Hid argue of a sister as you. would of u wife. We must bear with the-sliamej'the degradation, the wickedness those we m\ e love^/of riho&'vsa^lov&A;^of. bittei repulse There is no one, I am. suie would dare kneel down m prayer if it was. believed that God's mercy de lieudul upon our own actions .Alt of would feel .cut off" Not ill, I thought looking <tt ier, but E l t silent awhile, feeling rebuked I -was ' youn0r man then,, J can turn back now, inred as I am by many 'years of 'life's }uilaie and see that I was-hard, -too Juidin those thought!^ jWof mine, tliat knowing little ibrjiioliing®f ^tiffeniigi iny-elf I knew little or ..nothing of the < ~ LL i ) and wondrous 1 ita ity of human ji it pathy You find .many corridors-m "u.iuan nature,,-whui -you-v/--enter, -but ympalhj istheflnlyw,iy:jn3 and tomise tliat door is merely -to go on walking rouid the edifice ^ ^ I \Zi 1 a t ® | or a jn silence^althen d . 'I £up|>OBe " "as iyou- liave ,u»een< UilIIIB k _ • - i • • i ' i then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but . the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." • • . .. . "But why did you ask tliat question, Mr Monson?" ."Well," said.i, "you -know that we buried the colonel last night ?" She started. " I did not know !" she "Yes," I continued. "Wc slung a couple of lanterns, and. Finn -read the service. Just before the body, .was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." • She looked greatly shocked. .Was Henrietta really present ?" she exelaimed. '' How could she have known—what -could the men have thought of hor ? "VVhat : madness of iiad -taste 1 " "The forefinger, follows the thumb," said I; " and when you come to the little' finger you must ."begin again. All's one wnth some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saving tins?" ' But she merely cxclaimed, as though to herself, " How. could she be present I How could she be present 1" "Well, now, mai-k what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your, sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and m tliat posture of supplication continued to watch' the dark waters .for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from tlie gangway, where I: stood m the: dusk .fidgeting ..leiceedingly.- • for wliat was m my mind? Suppose she should fling.heiiself overboard! "., :: • , Her violet eyes / rested thoughtfully, upon my. face. " I should not have been afraid, " she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made Tvonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless "Of course you know, your own sister," Ld I. '' Finn took your view. I mentioned my misgivmg, and ' his long head .waggled most prosaically; m the moonlight." • •,.".•"•'; r '.'';' J i : ::' : . : r \ . ' 'Women who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, inth-the gravity of a young philosopher, " are too selfish; too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear , my sister might. They may go majd, and then, . to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about tliem ; "butwhilst theyhavetheirsensestheymay be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned.: In perfectly sane people many noble quahties go to impulses or resolutions which are deemed rash and impious "by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality m her. . She may .poison the lives of. others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own," " Koiv if I had said that—" said I. " "Oh," she- answered, with the little colour that, had come into her cheeks fading out of them, " 1 will never reproach you for telling the truth." : After breakfast I went,: to: Wilfrid's cabin, , and found him up' and dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading his-diary, : which I took the book to be. .•'•.-. He held the volume olose to his face; his legs were crossed, his feet, in slippers, his right hand grasped his big meerschaum pipe, which was. filled;. with yellow tobacco not - yet lighted^ The cabm window was open, and: the draperies of the handsome little apartment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said I. " Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here,though ?" ; 4 ' Not at all," said he; putting down the' book :and lighting his pipe. " Sit and smoke with me." " Wliy.not on deck ? " I answered, sitrfcing neveitlieles!;.' 1 - " A wide vieiv in hot weather takes the . place of a cool, atmosphere/ The sight:is sensible- of the heat i as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reahty than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite'of that pleasant gushing of wind there " .. He quietly sucked at his pipe,- lookmg at me through the wreaths of tobacco; smoke which went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face-as I did so. He was pale; there; was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression, of aimety /in his eyes. that was new to me ; a look of sane concern as though Some difficulty novel and surprising, yet not of a character. to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced ai. the .breakfast tray that was upon tlie table/ near which lie was .seated , and easily guessed by .what remained that he had made a good meal; Hia manner was: quiet, even subdued. ; -no .symptoms of -the old jerkiness," of the odd ^probing gestures-of head with a. thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's faco as if lus in telleet were assliort-sighted :as Ins eyes. He was airily clothed m white, a coloured shirt Trade /open at the. collar, and a small; silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. Has Fum removedi the five-guinea piece from the mainmast 1" said he. "I <lon't know, Wilf." "I must Bend word to him-to take /charge. of -it,:- and to teli the men/that-the moneyf-williibe distributed iamong*hem on our arrival,. I shall-be glad-to/get home."' " And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless -motion of the sea3"1!iB continued; talking quietly and witli a; more sensible Jook m his face than ,1 had witnessed in him since the iour of our; start, " grows so distractmgly monotonous > after a time, that I can -readily believe it - affects weak heads. This trip has about exhausted my Jove -of .seafaring, I sliall sell the Bride. > Inodded. "How long .should the'run ' home occupy us * " he asked 4 1 Let us call it a month, or five weel s at the outside, for everybody s sake, I answered He smoked for a mmute in silence witli a thoughtful face and then-said, " Fiveweeks m one's cabin is a longWprison I ment*" " % -j X imagined fie referred iolus wife, and. that -he -was feeling Jus -way m this -round ; aboutkfashion to talk ^bout her There; is np jiecesMty io ie imprisoned ior five: weeks, 'saidI "Your yacht is not an 0(L n In ri full of pj". rjorisnliVL M. ns SiJid'jvliispersjnight mdeed prove sembarrassmg Soiar as I am concerned I /am. -quite Wjlling to promise very ^honestly^ lie* 11 e\ on to luok IlibS Jeiuiiiica it, all Jihere could be nothing to found a plea for 'seclusion Jinon -anchter presence «Ab to Jihe sailoro ol confemiied, nokemg Jvibhout compichei.ding an .iu ill enil'leinint fl nfiwflHflrrnwitlrt-nxin-n TIS<FQ o^a l -right,"said he, "and tedious it is if it s to last five weeks;" . " But. my dear Wilfrid, I was endeavouring to point out that; the imprisonment to which you refer is unnecessary ; in fact, after last night—" But hero I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that -his wife , had been present at.Colonel Hope-Kennedy's buriaL " What X mean is," I continued, talking rapidly,; " if it's a mere question of senisi&veness; or pride recoiling from, -observation,: why not imitate the great Mokanna. "O'flr Hj fcatiircs hunp .;•'/ The Veil, the Silver Veil wMcli lie liad/fiung';' / . In mercy th^o toMdefro-mlitmiFiii.sight . /^'.SiE /dazzIiiig.brow.tjlJ.m In our case w:e have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be- He was now gaping at ? me, and cried out, "Your brain wanders this: morning, Charles. Do you mean that J should go •veiled?" \- "You 1" I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you." . / - \- " But I am talking of myself, though,"' he cried. • I looked at him with amazement. " You do not mean to Bay that .you intend to imprison yourself in this cabin till we get home:?'.' He shook his head. "L don't imprison myself," he answered, '' I am imprisoned. " By whom, pray 1" " Can't you see ? " I ran my-eyes round the cabin. - : • • . "No, 110!" he shouted, "look at Don't you perceive that I can't get out? How am 1 to pass through that door ? " " How are you to pass through that dooj? " I exclaimed, " why, by walking through it, of course. How else?" / . . " Ay, and that's just what 1 can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the. head. ••• ; "But why not, Wilfrid?" 1 cried, Bcarcely yet . underatauding how it was with him. "Because," he answered, petulantly,.' looking down himself, then .at his arms and legs,." I am too big." : ; I perceived now what had come' tojhim, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, I may saj', to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. Jffowever, with a violent effort 1 pulled myself together,/and lighting my cigar afresh-in a demonstrative way,-for the'mere, sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I :said; " Big you always were, -Wilfrid ; but,never so big—and not now so big—as not to be alile to pass through that door. See ' let me go first,\ put your two hands just above my hips: and you'll foEow me through as easily as reeving a rope's :end through: the sheave hole it belongs to " I rose, but he waved me 9ft' with an almost frantic gesture. 1 ' 1 My {Jod," man ! " he shouted, " what is tlio use of talking 1 I could no more get through that door: than I could pass through that porthole." " But don't you think we might manage to haul you through ? " said 1. \- "You'd tear me to pieces, "he answered. " Sitdown, my dear fellow,''he contmued, - speakmg.witli -an almost cheerful note in lus voice, ."it isa verygrave inconvenience, but it/must be met. 1 This cabin is commodious; and with you and Laura to come and keep mecompany; andwith the further solace ofmy pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides,"headded,iiftmghis finger: and addressing. me with that old air -of cunning I have again and agam referred to, madeboyisli'-aiMpatlJeticbytJiequivering of his eyelids and the knowing look lus mouth pus on," even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," &e; glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectfulspeech from lum, "I should never bo able to get through the companion hatch." - v . Well," said I, it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your. cabin./ If not,: and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your: carpenter at hand. V A few'blows dealt ityonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant" "Ay, that would be all very well," said he, ."so .far as. this cabin is conccrned.' But would you have me order the, carpenter-to rip .up the deck with leagues: of Atlantic weather right ahead of us 1" -I feigned to agree. ' Ko useful -result could possibly follow any sort of reasoning .with him wliilst this extraordiiiaiy. fancy possessed his bram. I watched him attentively to remark.if -lie moved or : ' acted as if. his hallucination -mvolved i physical- conditions, as if m short he was sensible of :the/-weight and imwielduiess - ;of excessive growth InVhiS-- limbs : for T remembered tlie: case of ; a man :I once heard of, who. bebevmg himself : to-have grown enormously corpulent in_a single night, acted the part of an im-; mensely fat man by./breatlung-pursilyand with labour, by / grasping to stomach as-; •though; ait: .stoodvout a- considerable :dis-'-' tanee -ahead iof.him, /and/by-other samples / of behaviour which m liia madness lie might imagine .-properly 'belonged' to'-the obese. But I-could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned jtlien lie first told me that lie had grown too big to •quit Ins'cSbm ** with him for a long half-hour. He asked ; no questions about Jus wife,-nor as to the: disposal of the colonel's body, nor revertfi to'-:'tlieextent ~'of?lthe "faintestimplication -to the ''ineidfents of ^Ke-'pre- •ceding daj. tYet ho conversed withi it seemed indeed as if the poor fellows: :Craz^esssiiadiocalisedafaelfam=.s&is-aiew;| iai&astountogtfancy;®lf3s^emg- Mitable1 to squeeze his way through <on deck, - ,3eawg- Aisimnd^»^«oflierSlirectioiisi clear and serene, yet mad as was the i notion 4hat had now seized "him, T could ; not but secretly feel -that Shero was more; i ' i p h 1 'lifl 1 „ e\L •«• shtd ind he was 1 n"i ous of nothing bufi whatwasacui i v- in 1 otrie Iukjc 1 held 1 \ peace on this new smd: Jioui I nn^hv. f nd 1 in "011 d t_k iiid Ins dtlusion i.0110 Ai fiiiinti liowi\rr 11 *lt "l* 1 Allcu 1 ill! t r71 "h"!. 1 1. "Mi • 'ciif , l".ijpon., luIimih,l 1 liei tint thi ic •.imciliin" wioni; wi'li him She questioned "me'»nd!crMd 4 -'her M' wseiMBasms^^msmx^saami berths and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. •:; Well, we are a queer little ship, 1 must say; the. husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the: other side ; and both doors within lack of a foot from either threshold. It is picture to encourage an mgemous mind fired with matrimonial resolutions !" " Men are fools to get married I" she exclaimed piquantly. ; "• And women ? " said I. " Oh, it is the business of-women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archnessor sarcasm. " I .don't think, " said- I. "/that-wosien i make fools of men; but that it is men wlio •make -fools of themselves. Yet this-1: vow "before all the gods: if Had married a woman Lko your sister and she had served me as she ;has served her. husband, I should.wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest , yesterday. Oh, how delightful! Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants,,as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth! But how is Wilfrid served ? / Some • wild-eyed imagination " slips into his brain,, turns', all the paintings to the /wall, /.and with nimble hands falls to work to garnish the galleries', inside: his -skull with 1 tapestry hangings which engage his mind to tlie forgetting of all things else." . "But, Mr. Monson," cried she, ''surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size; /that; he is not too big to pass through his door ' . " Lit us pay. hrm a visit." .said I. She at oncc rose. We had finished •dinner some tune. - .; I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as a yacht's stores in those days supplied—-figs; nufc?,; raisins, biscuits, and the like. The westering sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines oh tlie table glowed in ricli contrast with the snow-white damask and. the icy sparkle of fciystil, whilst red stars . trembled in'the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustreflaking, as. it seemed, upon, the eye out of the mirrors. - The humming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and sot the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding..:: To .think of ..the woman for whom all this show was v designed; for whom all these elegancies were heaped together, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with apretty sauciiiess over, this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equinoctial heaven; sulking in- her cabm, 3 disgraced, a degraded, a socially rumed creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to ier..! But .Miss Jennings was making-her way to Wilfrid's cabin;, and -there was' no leisure now for moralising. . . .. We entered. Tlie remains of the dinner my cousin had been served 'with were still upon; Ids table, and :I gathered. that. he had done exceedingly well. This did not look as though he: suspected that eating had anything to doTVith his sudden He had emptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow mthabumper jus tpouredout, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with ail air of state and dignity in his arm- chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted.:"'- i' /, -/ "How d'ye do, Laura, my-dear ? Sit down. Sit, .Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." . I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and' vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen-of the yaclit, the accommodation: was by no means ample,; owing- to the furniture tliat erowded the deck. His high, cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi-. ncss coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne; the interior was-hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweeti face with a black fan that hung • at her waist: My cousin watched hor uneasily, as if he feared she would see something in him to divert her. ' i 1 - -. Bo you-feelnow, Wilfrid,"said I, "as if you-could get on decV? " . \- "Oh,: certainly: not;,".—he' answered; warmly, "I wonder that you should -ask' such a question. Compare my figure with thatdoor." •.••}•' yrT-.^'"'.'] He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug, of his shoulders as though he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, you could pass through quite easily, and /without liurfcmg yourself atall." . "Quite easily' Yes, in pieces 1" he cried scornfully. " Buu.it is not,tliat you -are both -blind. Your wish is to 'humour: Please do. . notliuig/ ; of. /tlu9 :soi't:- What I can:.Eee, you can jsee.- Look at this bulk." He put down Jus cigar to grasp his breast with both liands. "Look attliese,''-he;contmued, , ;:-slappmg < ifirat!ian ; \--a,rm;/.tlien a-leg. / -;" It is a-most/fortunate • itMng.Qiat l shou'ld-.have--broadened only, ®ad»tancreased- correspondmgly inlieight;:• -I-shouldinofc/liave-bcenaMe.toirtaiid'u^ glance -at the upper deck or, ceiling, whilst a shiver ran Siroiigh Jiim. I I thought now I would sound his mind 1 ' in fresh, directions for -though wlilst Ms: present craze hung strong xn him it was : -notlikely -he would quit.his cabin, yet^if. Ifiiisgg&fflec;^ the «xt'ent I found in this particular he-watched, not for his own security only,: l>ut foriliat'-of / all others on board. "Wly, as ^ou may suppose, his ciazmess took: the wildest and most tragic accentuation; the very .heart -of thfi- yast AtLflitic a goodly ^company of ns on bond, a little; ^lup>thatsvasjas'jeasily^03feemade^«430H-; file of as an empty tar barrel, with gun - powder enough stowed somewhere away: down forward to complete in a the work^that the flames might"be dallying - 'with f "You do not inquire after Lady Mon 5ion -Wilfrid^ -saiai ^Se' - * 3Iiss Jennings started and-stared at me " Wily should JS ' he answered-coldly /and deliberately^ .producing* iis^Jittlo ! linati bu\, it w LilIi he bt an to ilui) " I'll jventute ±0 say\ she -doesn't anquire lunvt 1 shedb-v tin. rnioniliij of this iaiiiiwer f and ^Jie^air of intelligence rhat aicompiliK d 11- duli\cn it-Wn Csr-'foo^ a T l requires," answered the girl. " She declines to-have anytlimg to say to me—to meet me—to hear of me." . He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, " Can she hear us, do you think?" "Ko," I exclaimed, "not;through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." /'.' -.;. He smoked leisurely whilst he kept lus eyes thoughtfully, bent on Miss Laura. " My cousin," said I10, addressmg her as though I were-absent, '' has on more tkan one occasion said to me, ' Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do-with her ?' I have. recovered her and now I will tell you my intentions. clmed her -head. ''What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, " who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she: walked upon? who-should desert the - sweetest little infant"—I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard. of his eyes—" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love ? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence—who should stealthily creep like a tlnef in the night from-a liome of beauty, of elegancfe, and of splendour; who should do all this for an :end "of such depravity ;th"at, it must be nameless ?" his forefinger shot up with a jerk - and hiseyes glowed ' under the trembling "of • the lids. '.'What is the term you would apply to such a woman 1" he continued, now scowling, and with an imperious note m his voice. . -I guessed the word that was in his rnrnd and cried, " Why, inad of course." . " Mad ! " he thundered violently, slapping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delmous laugh. He leaned forward "as though he would take;.Miss Laura into his strictest confidence, and ...putting his hand to the side of his mouth liewhispered, " She is; mad. We none of us knew it, Laura,;. ; My ."-first act ihen. when wejreach home will W to confine her. But nob a word, mind ! " He held his finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with:a face painful with its-smile-of cuiming and triumph. . • I 'saw that, the girl was getting sca.red ; so without ado I dropped out of the bunk on to my feet. /. "An excellent scheme; Wilfrid," said I, " m fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye.know i!ic atmosphere here is just roasting. Hl take Miss J'ennrngs on.deck for a turn, and when I am -cooled downa bit: I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-liour before turning 111." "All right," he exclaimed. " Laura looks 'as if . she wants Eome fresh air. Send one of. the stewards to me;^ will you, as you pass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you—hush! Not a word, you understand?" ..-,..',. .. . .;••" " Trust us, 1 ' said I, and sick .at heart I took Miss Laura's; hand and led her out of tlie cabin. As I closed tlie door she reeled and would have fallen but for the; arm-.I passed round -her. I conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere here was -comparatively cool with the evening air breezing down through the/Wide- skjdight; - and she quickly recovered. .. "It is terrible!"sjie exclaimed, pressing :her.fingers to-her eyes and shaking her head. " 1 should faE crazy myself were I much with lum. His sneers, his smiles,' his looks, the boyish air of his face, too ! The thought of his misery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done" him—poor Wilf, / poor Wilf ! " Her tender heart gave way and she : wept piteously. : ';• ;.' , < /Rlien she was somewhat composed she •fetched a; hat aiid .accompanied -nie on deck. The dusk down to theliorizon was; clear and fine, richly, spangled to where, the hard black line 1 of, the" ocean ruled the firmament. On higk sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet-; some-of them : scoring under the trembling -constellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of inoon- coloured steam slowly settling away bufore the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars; too, ' without the , comet-like grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the fashing of muskets levelled at^the ocean by visionary hands -in the hovfjrmg star- laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht /was sailiiigwith..- erect jmasta;:•a'/rhytlimii; swingina;.of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the -regular breathing of each great: white, breast. The .dew was heavy, and cooled the-draught as a-fountain the atmosphereround about it..; A little sleepy noise of. purring froth/came from the bows. All was -hushed along the -decks, though as the yacht lifted forward 1- could make out some«figures pacing the forecastle appa- : rcntly with naked- feet, for no - footfall, readied the ear. " Alas," said I, " the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here. for two and three months at a stretch ; i n -all'fhose.-hideous-days.of.-.fiying'suns- and steaming-nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. . " We were becalmed.a.fortmglit on tlie -Lme;-''- said MiES-Laura;/"/'' on -our passage to England. It'Beemed a year. Eveiybody grew" quarrelsome, and I beheve : there was a mutiny amongst the crew." • -• "Oh, I hate iie'-dead calm at -sea '" J cried. " Yet I fear we are booked. Lookstraight up,' Miss •;Jenmngs, ;you will behold a veiyatorm of shootmgstai-s. Wlien; I was in these waters, ,but much more j&p;^^ptiC^ iimeteors many abundance a ealmfollowed, -and- theduratMnof/theistag^ in proportion to the abundance of the silver-discharge- But who is tWt standing aft iy -tliE wheel there {" * :*ffi^:guestionwasj.lieti,rdiAdaaiiswered;v Its me—^CapJ njiiui^sir ' 1 ^ * We're in fox a calm, J fear, 3Eam " tig, "J[ fear so esir '/he answered, jjlowly coming over to 11 \- ' Great pity, though ewasrcalculafcmgiMpQnithelittle-br#zea:o% -day .lasting to /diaw us -out of this -here belt '•-Them Shooting stars too, auxi /jviolesome ' Som§ -says tjiey sgmfies! and -so they inay to the noirards, btih v n&b; /down heie Bbg panion, 1 Mr 1 Monson, but liow js Sir Wilfrid, sir?; Jlan t seen. lum(on deck all -day T hope: ? ^ ^ * j ft^Qome'th'ls 8^^, l^M^t saidl-*- ^ ^ p^^^^Brf^ssstep^dSjSS&eMeatBeij; Taily-aomewhat^forward, clear of -i3ie ears ottlglbSlmsSan^A 4 t S bad, land 1 desire tc to talk to jou rl rut him " Lfirst time I've- heard of such whims. -1 was once • shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they .gets them tempers." y But don't you think, Captain Finn, said Miss Jennings, "tliat with... some trouble Sir, Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? .If he could be induced to pass through; his door he would find the hatch easy.: Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notionleave him." ' . :Won't he make the heffort, miss ? inquired Finn. I answered "Kb. Ho says that it would- tear him to pieces to" be " dragged' through." - ." Then, sir," exclaimed . the skipper with-energy, "if he says it you maydepend upon it he believes it, sir, and if he believes it then-1 dorn't doubt that physicalforce by way of gettmglum out of . his cabm would be the most dangerous, thing that could be tried. It's all the! narres, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon his imagination. Mr-'Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what onco happened to 1110. 1 had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was-pretty mgh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my ,sides over nothen at all. I took on a notion tliat I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt, myself, but that I was afecred J vxndd. 1 recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer iii which my missus kop' the table- knives we ate with. The thought oif tliem knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the rooin, but to get to the door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and I couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of my -narves that the; agony of being dragged past that door would have been as bad as wrenching me in halves. -So 1 got out-tlirpugh the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look; into tliat parlour again." .-" My father knew; a rich gentleman in, Melbourne, "-said Miss Jennings, " who lost-his mind. He believed that "he had been changed into a cat, and all day long he would sit boside a little crevice, in the wainscot .of liis dining-room waiting foi' a mouse to appear." . . •:. : . .." , " But when it comes to imaginations of-this kind, 7 ' said I, " one is iiever 'to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, rnj' cousin may mend—1 pray God I10 will do so and soon—" " Amen," quoth Finn in liis deepest note—"meanwhile," I continued, "I am of opinion tliat lie should be watched." " You think so, sir? " he exclaimed. • " Wiy, man, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mighty distance," I cried,-pointing-to tlie black junction of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean comingjt.'j jis'.thenee in ink." Think of our loneliness: here ancl the condition that a-^admah's atet .might reduce us to. That-is . not all. Lady Monson, this" young lady and her maid sleep close to his . cabin. Who shaii 'conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must bo ivafcohed, Finn." "• I agree -with you, sir," lie-answered thoughtfully, "but—but who's to have the ordering of it? "Tain't for the likes of me, sir—" -lie paused, then added, ." He's master here 'ee know, sir." . ; '' I'll make 5 myself" responsible," I exclairiied ; L " the trouble is to have him watched with i-hc delicacy tliat shall .defythe detection 01 his- most -suspicious humour should he put his head out of his berth or quit it—which ho is not likely to do yet. Of course - an eye. would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of your trustiest seamen." , "Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first-class man"; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Gnndling, that you may put your fullest confidence in." \ ".Then," saidi, "1 propose' that these: men should take aspell-of keepmgalook out turn and turn about. Tlie stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch an the cabm so post himself that he : may . command the passage where-Sir Wilfrid's berth is. ; You or Crimp, accordmg as your watcli comes round, will see that the fellow 1 elow, whoever he may; be, keeps awake Pray attend to this; . Finn. *, I am satisfied that it is - a necessary measure." : I shall, have to tell old Jacob the truth," sir, and the men likewise," said he. "and also acquaint tlie stewards with : what's / wrong, : otherwise they'll be for turning ihe sailor tliat's sent below out of the cabin." By all means," snid I, "I'll stand your lookout; whilst you are making, the necessary . arrangements But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for bemg in the . cabinVshbuld-Sir Wilf nd chance to come oufc during the mglit -and - find one of his seamen sitting at the table.". V "Ay, ay, sir;, that's to ..be /managed with a litile /tliinking," -answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there •:•;• " It is fortunate," -3 said to Miss Jen-- mngs, " tliat Lam Wilfrid s cousin If I were simply a guest 011 board I question if Firm would do what I want " We fell to.pacmg the deck Even as we. walked/the light-bieeze weakened yet,: Jtiililere/iakcL^^/"ffierevi:3 r ou?d,.catch.-.:Sigl\t-:of: the gleam of a star ni some short fold of; black swell < running with a burnished' :brow.: :The dew;to tlie fiuttering of thecanvas aloft fell to the deck with the pattering soundlbf raindrops. vr. " Oh, ' gioaned I to Miss Jjaura, "for. a pair of paddle wheels ' ///Vfe-'EteiDped-to the;-open. -skyliglit/ -to observe ifaughtwerestu-rmg below, -but .gladly-jrecoiled/from the -gusli; of-: hot -air' there .nsmg.-witli/a fiery breath stale -with; the smell of tlie dinner table spite of the ; ^eBtoMSiputamtosat^by^theas&oWiersr; Heavens, how my/very heart sickened to - the slopping sounds of water alongside^ 4ifting-«tagnanfly-'and.su!k3ly/9neltmff*out*/ -into'Alack- -angleammg; oil-:! - .We-seated ourselves/ nnSer - tlie:: fanning - spread o mamsa^-talkingof'-SYiUrid.'-o^ loMeatures-ofiAhe .voyage,--aunMJlittle :by - iittle^^ound/myself-eslowlyjsliding-/into; a- lentataen^t-^oodws-i.-.-My.i.OTompanion'Bj ^weet'face^linmeringSA^el^ndtplaciii iCOuriangenief^toW-Wonfessions-aof- aibve.-J The helmsman was hidden fiom us, wel EeemMmto^beifioiikngs&lonehnponT-Ael; imi^tyi^had6w#Hiatestrefehed-^arot3idM si-ssense'wf:mi≺&BibkSremot6neBB;»was° m^ir^bj^ihfe 1 Irlmbling of the lumi" nanek and file -sharp "shoojimg of tlief '-'-oj.gli^a 'the -hfe.of- 3^bf/^loomxt->vere' "--'^Soi® and veiled, out of the companion, hatch. She did not abserve us, and : approached the part of she deck where we. were seated, /courted haply by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into. the atmosphere about it. I was struck by the,majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, takmg the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her •form - look -to glide wraith-hke. . The sweet heart at my side shrank with so clear a suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady Monson drew close—so close without seeing us that ibelieved she was: walking m her sleep, but she camght sight of-us then and instantly -flung, with an - expressible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which she paced, going afterwards to the rail and overhanging it; motionless as the quarterboat that hung a little past her.'. - " She frightens mo!" whispered Laura; "ought -I to join her? Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterlj'. for her own acts !" "Why should you 30m her? She does not want you. The heat has driven her on deck, and she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Why are you afraid of her ? " " Because I am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he discovered his mistake, lie peered about arid then came over to us, breathing hard' and polishing his forehead. "Nigh took the breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed an a hoarse whisper; "actually-thought it was your honour, so tall she be. . Well, I've arranged everything, sir, and a lookout '11 be established soon arter the cabm light's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished me good-night. I could see that Lady M011- son's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain, on deck, so I did not press her to stay, though I remember .heartily -wishing that-her ladyship was still • on board the 'Zim Bobbins. She continued to hold her stiriess posture at the bulwark rail as though she were, steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemptuous and insolent manner of turning from us I believe I should have found spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It .was not un til four bells that sheVose suddenly from her inclined attitude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. , Past .her the. sky was "dimly reddening to tlie moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream-like flush, I perceived lier toss up.-her veil and press her hands to -her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the 'companion and disappeared.' Was it remorse working 111 her, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of her child. ? Easier, I thought," to fathom with the. sight tlie mysteries of -the doze of the black, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now •wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as hers! Half- an-hour later I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabm nodded to Cutbill, who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air : with. his back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins— a - huge salt, all whiskers,- wrinkles, and muscle. -. : CHAPTER XXVII. ,- A DEAD .CALM. I wis-Up and about a great deal durnig tiie night. It -svas not only that, the heat murdered sleep ;- there was something so oniinous -in'/ tlie- profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving,-a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. ; Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant; in African and West Lidian waters lhad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation .over and over again. One calm, I remenlbei', came veiy close to jrealising Ooleridge's description, or rather the-description that the poet borrowed from the narrative of old Sir Richard •Hawkins preserved m the foxed and faded pages of the Rev. Samuel Piirchas. The water looked to be full of wriggling fiery creatures burrnng m a multitude of colours tall the surface of the sea resembled a vast, ghastly - pnsm reflecting the lights of some hellish principalitv deep sunk m the daik brme But I ne> er recollect the ocean untd this night as without some faint heave of swell-; yet, after the weak diaughfc of air had utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as stiriess as the surface of a summer lake. There was not the lightest movement to awaken an echo m her frame, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dim me t clanking of its tiller chaui The effect of such a hush as this at sea is nidescnb ble On shore, deep in the countiy, far distant from all hum of life, the stillness of night is a- desired and familiar condition of darkness , it soothes to rest, whatever vexes it is a violence, the sweeping of a gale through hissing and roaring trees, the thunder of wmd in the chimney, the lashmg of the windows with hail and ram, tlie red bolt of lightning to w hose hue the bedroom glances in bloodto the eye of its distuibed occupant, all this bungs with it an element ef fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of ; nature almost. But at sea it is the/other way about 'Tis the dead calm that is unnatuial It is as though the mighty forces of lieaven and ocean had por tentously-Bucked in- their, breath in antici-- pation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior : fills his lungs to .the full, and then holds his wind whilst lie waits the cry of cliirge ' I tried to sleep, but could not ana hearing one o clock struck on the foie , castle, chopped out of my bunk for ten: minutes of fresh air on deck Cutbill feat.^witbius ^ackj/agamfit- the table ;,;,the. small flame of the lamp that iung with •, out the least vibration fiom. the calm •ceiling •gleamed/ianv^liei/swea't-drops sthat: "coated Ins face as thou"' od had been thrown upon lum 1 said s ftly, pau m<r ' a moment to address hiin :•" A Wonderfully still night, Cutbill f ' Neverremembertlielikeofit.-sir,/- he answ ered m a whtspei that had a note of strangling in it, with his efio t to sub ; -'dueta-natural-tempestuous utterance. - "Allqmetaft?" " As a giaveyard, sir " "In case Sir Will rid Monson should: look out and see you, whit excuse foi being "herelia Captain Turn provided; -you with? "I'm supposed to be 'Hatching Hieba-vicnicui, in ]f Sir Yu'trid "up, out I'm to Tseem to be peering Jiaid at ; 1h it tljtic 11111 -uij il cn -to to on d"ck j if 4 d igot Bom?T-hmg-to report " ido4-sJi d 11. ' 1 u lieavL eavui^granl, Cutbill, .-JWbbjJj -U10.U, hu lnvr lull thi]j ; 11 is tho ri'»hl.: L,Uoo, to make one fpel tlie p>&%pd%e — 4 lies® of Bailors when deprived of their . little machinery for fighting it ; and what ' I say is a misgiving under such circum- • stances ought to serve us as a convictlun —so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is going to happen, I dare.?:say,;: but our business is to contrive^ that; nothing shall happen." . .fa.tl •• Thohuge fellow lifted h!£ enormous; " hand very respectfully to his gj^fenng forehead and I passed on to thedebk.V..- ... The • moon shone brightly A and "lier •reflection lay upon the sea. like a leaguelong fallen column of silver, with the ocean foing black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent-shaft. Not a •wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light: not tho most fairy-like undulation of: water-put an instant's .warping, for the space of a foot, into it. I set the mainmast.head'jjy ia star and watched it, and the trembling, ,'-greenish, lovely point of ' ''-radiance hung-poised-as etQadfastly=-on --a: line with the truck as though it were some little,crystal lamp fisejl .to an iron spike up-4hefe.w butiC-hal Borne aip.sto Jiteathe and ;not to into we!and!guesscjlthat. tliat end would bpvdefeated'4jy^cli'atMith':tlre surly, h^fle EaiiOr^TO& .^homifl-riarely exchanged a few jselAeii(^--jWithoufc''..?find3iiffv'inyself dntiliig JiitoJan*argumeiit. Soilay-over \- the-r&il; sfcriftmgito cool-jny hot faee- with ' tJieiSurface jof r the vi black profonn^'athat-Iay like,,:a : , sheet of. dark, ungleam-mg mirrorAjeneath. On a sudden I heard a great sigh out in the gloom. It •was as though some slumbernig giant had : -fetched long,. deep,,.tremulous breath' an a dream. I started, for it had sounded 'close,' and : I-iaoked aJongthe obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any Bailor on board whose respiration could .' rise to such a note as that.' In a moment '--I'spied-a-block of '-blackness slowly-melting out like a dye of mk upon the mdigo of the water with the faint flash ofjnoon- Jiglit ofistlifi ^et round of it. ^A grampus 1 Aought-ili;" and'.'stared ^bout me for dtherE;Sbut noniore showed, and the pro' •digious midmghti-liuEhs.seemed to float down again from the stars like^ sensible weight with one wide ripple from where the great-fl^h had..sunk, creeping like a , line of oil "to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow: .This grave-like repose-lasted the JUght through, and when early m the morning, awakened by the light of the newly risen . £U(i, I-snounted to the. .deck, I found the Ocean, stretched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening ttawn and merged into-the.ocean line so \- tWt you couldn't see. where the horizon -•was, save just- under the , sun. where the \- head of the rnisiy white sparkle m the' water defined the junction. It. baffled. bpthered--the sight- to look into the • 'sksfeiice/sovaporouB <aud heavy,it all-was, ftnfb.»' dull. blue : gleam here and.'there - "tapon the water strckinejinto the faintiiess like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the calm past _ the mixture ,of hazy light and hues where ,-isoa and sky jseemed.to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. ; "Ay,", he,:answered, "I've heard of hotheti to the contrairy. Her ledsliip cs.iae .on deck during the middle watch . had a bit of a yarn with me." ..".Indeed!." said I. \- "Yes, she scared memto a res'lar clam: I was standmer at the rail-thinking I see a "darkness out under the moon as if a brcatli • of wind were coming along, and a woice jusfc^behmdme says: '"^fhat'syour,naine? - Nigh handttarned my hair, white -to see her,:$o cjuiet sfceeame and liars-eyes like corpfcants,'''-"' 11 "What did she tall; about ?" said I-m a careless way. . " Asked-what,the sailor-was a-sittmg in bhecabm for. .' To prevent murder being idone^.saysl.; 'Murder! ? says she. '•Isaj's T, ' and to 'prewent this wessel from being set on fire and blown to yellow • blazes,' says I, 'for God knows,'says I,, * what weight.Of' gunpowder ain't, stowed . away forrards.' - Who's acromg to do all this,' says she : so 131st told her that- Sir Wilfrid had been took worse, and that the order had eome forward that, the eahin -was to be watched." . • -.:.:• . "Wliat did she say to that?"..X ex- claimed- '• Why; walked to 'tother side of the .deck an,d sot down and remained an hour, till 1 reckoned that when she went, below sh6 must iia' been pretty mglx. streammg •• with dew. - -' "Whatdo:you flunk of the weather, Mr.. Crimp?" " It's agin -nature," he answered. " Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness 'Taint going to last, though: -Nothing fiat's agin nature ever do whether ite weather; or a dawg with two tails, or a .cat with height legs." • "I wish you wore a magician," said I. :- " I'd tassel your handkerchief for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, • and the first of along succession, I-fear." • - At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Lady Monson's visit.on deck. 111 the-middle watch, and the mate's blunt, statement to her. " It was a imghty dose of truth • to. administer," said I. "She will -pass some bad quarters of an hour, 1 tear. Think of old Jacob talking to her' of murder and fire; and explosions unto yellow blazes," whatever "tfwxt - may mean, with her husband sleeping right abreast of - her cabm. and armed, ,:as >she .must know " " Has he those pistols 1" she asked. . • . '' Yes;" I answered, "I gave the case : tot- oiie.of the stewards to .return-to him,-- -^jaflinew IjaoiiSprry I:did>60.".-<,,,.;•••• "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not : envy her.111 lier lonelmess.: Why should she ret use to see me 1 I easily understand her objection to showing herself on -deck by daylight :; but tain lier, sister ; I could sit with'her ;-T-could'be company . for her, \Y/Ji her perhaps, " she said with. a'jwistful look, v"to somethmg like a gentle niooci." She sighed deeply and corLtUiued^'^'^yilfrjdscaredarifiyestei'day- : • Tteisj.^tesjflfet.m' lus;face-,which iihocked r ,: . ini§".i).ut:i .could-iiot.-es3plain whati ifr.was., Y«t lanmotihcleast bit afiaid lie will commit any deed of violence. .Let hiin be twenty tunes madder than he now is, lus heart is so tender, his spirit BO boyiike;i!pure,"honourable.,^liere is so .jnucli.; ; ofi-«weetoess. , and 'affecfcoQ.& his nature that 1 am certain lus cruellest delirium . avould be .tempeied by his qualities " 1 was grateful, to iier Jor tJius spealnngof my poor cousin, but I could,not-agreewith her. The ouahties - 'she pinned ' her \- faith to had suftfered lum at all events 1 .-,to «hoot Colonel Hope Kennedy and to make nothing of iiieitnau's death Yet, thought J, lookmg at hei, seeing how this sweet little creatuie alues, and to a large «itent understands him, nhafc devil's influence :.v:i\vas^pon^the4oving,"iargerhearted-j'child-' like man when he chose the other one for though ^031 hei 4)jit ioulcl jiavemadet hei ''libi Udjilnp audfoundlicra hus.^j "band «ho 0 biim 1 dout 4oubt might ^ear J>> •jear t ?HjP(gifran stiojigoi'm the cheeiful and fructifj m^ light of lier H jo 1 ed in t inn TOi uftei iiieaJcfet Mis "L ii'ii1 1 cl to CLOIU] m > t J as 1 ad\ise<3 hei to del vy hei \isi timtilffi viscerLaipcdj for^nyself jjio \ 1 e v J Ho M is KM' 111 iii' LJUUI, I.II.P J)ipe:l))Sife'f 3 01 t'l it»'i ch In pi lhrl lcuuhJ ' fJ~Jn ^xibm was dim \utli tobacc smoke £jsfcln¥iiL v fas supported lus elbow andj %es iixed upon his witch, 1 superb] j_old tun^l -eepei that dui led -at the t\\- •^hcmicyof a heal y cii an hitched to -1 hit! 2 1iobfc«ciew6d irito the decl o\ er his head^ <) i tiiel ick-of tlus^awJureie his initials dc 1 ic ^ ••ujdci) ii't.1 li;<\- .1 ] ir'L luri, r.f; motionless before his IL'1 t " JU> u 1 no- > i'ii h ' hi^fi ^ ^viiclil-oj.iui^ .24:1 L doui'^tliUi looked it f mo n an ^.ib uit mmlcJ 11 ty wh<>ii 111 is aiOMiHB "Ah!" he -exclaimed languidly, " it is you, Charles. You .promised -to sit.with me awhile last night." - . s :an»s. v • "I did, but the heat-below wasfmiT,' endurable. It is no better siow. -. The" •e >-of ^tos^-cabin: must '|i.e.ijiro.-j Wlia? Mlc&kons;»:are ; ;sypUmating i said I fiu . f J 1 I laiawilung. tho'wafch to observe if . there is any move-, ment in the yacht: She is motionless. Mark it. - There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of course ? " he said, suddenly looking at me. 'M hope-so," said I. "Afloat? Why what do you suppose, Wilf ? That we've gone to the bottom?" "ft would be all one for me," he answered - with- a deep sigh^ -and- then: applying himself to his pipe again with ,a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. •He-clouded- the air with tobacco-smoke; and said : "l am heartily weary of life! 11 .;'".And:why,? " -cried-L;. .^'because, weare ln a dead calm with-the equator- close' aboard.' The . very: deep : is rotting ? .A calm of tins kmd penetrates: iiirough the: pores of . the; skin; enters .the . soul and creates a thirsty -yeamuig for: extmction.:' Being younger Uian you, Wilf, I give my self another twelve houi's, and then, if no: breeze blows, I shall, like you; be weaiy: of life and desire to die." •-.-; •. ." -It is easily ananaged,:- said he. .. . \- "Yes;" cried X, startled,--"no doubt. But the - weather - -may . change, -. you know," and-Jiot at all relishing his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized;.my-Jiat and -fell-.to fanning the atmosphere iivitk - the notion of expelling someofitlie tobacco smoke through the open-porthole. -••: ..- - -• "1- am of - opinion," said he, .puffing and dropping Ins words alternately with, tile douds he expelled whilst he kept his; eyes fixed upon his watcli; " that; spite, of the arguments of tlie divines, life is a free gift to. us to lie disposed'of :as we may : decide. Kature. is invariably , compensative. We are brought into this: world witliout our -knowledge and therefore, of course, without our- consent, d'ye see,: Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon.nie, " and by wayiOf balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says .you may do what . you like with existence : keep it or part with it" "Isay, Wilfrid," said I,: "there are surely more cheerful topics for. an: equinoctial dog-aay than this you have hshted on. Don't speculate, my-dear, fellow ;. leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let -the puzzling distance tin-; fold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead;- who whistle as fcisey.-trudge along ! the road of-life. The melancholy faces are those, whose- eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon-towards which, they are advancing. Tell me now—about this cabm door: of, yours. • My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morning to : enable you to pass through : so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid 1" "Danm it, how blind you-are!" he exclaimed.. . ... ."No, -I'm not/' said I. •••••'. : "D ye mean to say that you can't see. what's happened 1 ro • me since we last met?" . .,•...-•. " What now, Wiln-id ? " , "What now?" he shouted. "Why, man, I can't stand upright:" " Whynot?'' I asked. . : ." Bec8ii.ce I'm too tall for this cabin,',': lie answered in a voice of. passion and, grief. • •",-:, "Pray when did you find thai out? said I. . •• "On rising to dress myself.this morning, "lie answered, '• 'I was obhged to clothe myself in Biy :bunk. . ,What , a dreadful blow to befall a man ? •• I can't even, quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed.to me:" .. :•..•.• • . Well, well! toougho ,IGod mend him soon: ,:-..Hot: as it- was,- a - chill ran through me to the crazy, -wistful,--despairful look he directed at me, and I was oppressed 1 for. a- moment -with. the same : sickness of heart that ! had visited me ; during myiinterview with ham on.:the preceding day. "I had jresolved to.seil tlw Sride," said he mournfully, putting his ..pipe onto .a shelf at the back of him and folding his: hands, which seemed to me to have grown thm and white during the past few.days, upon his breast,."but.-I slian't be able to do so now." I was. .silent. " She will have to be -broken up," lie added. • . . .-...••. . ' ."•.,••• •...-, . "Nonsense-!."-I.exclaimed. ... "But I say yes J" he suddenly, roared; " how the devil else am I to get: out of her!" . ; • . :•• "*f Oh, I see !'.' I answered -soothingly, " I forgot that. . ,-But, Wilf, smco you'r« too big to use this cabin for the present only, for.I am. certain you.will dwindle to. your old proportions: before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant constantly .with, r.you, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ? ". . - . . "-Wiliy, yes," said he, " no doubt.of: it. I am-almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin.". - . •. - - . . "l\o,-no," said I-.-- "Xor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If Iwereinyour place• I should like to be.waited on. by a couple of .iollj hearty sailors, fellows to ..take turn and turn about, in, looking after me, chaps with, their memories full of long- yarns,, unconventional, .sympathetic.:no matter liow. rough therr maimers, agile, strong as horses with lively. lunbs, used to springnig about. One or two such men. ar® to be met forward amongst your crew.'?. "A good, idea," . he cned. '' Gad ! after my experiences of -Muffin Fd rather be waited upon by the tamest of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleek,.-softstepping, trained rogues: who come and ask you for. a . situation with an excellent character m one pocket . from .their late master, and in the other tlie contents-of, -2us : dressing-case. , Ha, lis, lia !" and \- here lie delivered one of his short roars -of laughter. ..- . ^ .-. ...v - i.. .-.:• (To be conUmicd ) 