Religious Items. Mr. Gladstono mukos it an absolute rule not to travel on Sundays. The returns of membership in tho Wesloyan foreign missions for la»t year show 34,086 ohuroh members, 4,866 on trial, or anetinorease of 950. The missionaries of Calcutta are protesting against a now municipal by-law, whioh is in tended to put a stop to preaching in the publio squares. At the annual mooting of the American Bible Society, receipts for general purposes of £119,600 were reported, and disbursements of £106,000. The receipts of the Baptist Homo Mission Society during the year are £89,889 ; the number of labourers sustained, 833 ; tho num ber of sohools supported, 25. Tho ocremony of laying tho last stone of the spire of Ulm Cathedral, now tho highest in the world, having an altitude of 530 feec, was por- formed amid general rejoioing. Rev. Henry Owen, rcotor of Llangefni, and one of tho oldest ministers in the United King dom, died on May 9. He was ordained in 1832, and was 94 yoars of ago at the time of his death. The Rev. W. R. Flotcher, minister of tho Stow Memorial Congregational Ohuroh, Ade laide, who is now in England on a visit, has decided to return to Adelaide, which ho expects to reaoh in December. The bishops and cardinals of the Roman Catholio hierarchy have been summoned to meet the Pope in oonferenoo next year to con sider tho present condition of tho Churoh throughout the world. Rev. John M'Neill, speaking at the May mooting of the London City Mission, remarked : " What is wanted is a now baptism of tho Holy Ghost and that means a baptism of common sense. Grace and sense ar& By nonymous torms and are about equally scaroe. Preach nol the sham, brummagem, pinchbeck gospel of tho day, but the GoBpel of God's salvation." Beyond his artiola on "Tha Baptists," in ,tho now edition of tho Encyclopedia Sritan- nica, whioh tho late Professor Baynes provailed upon his old tutor at Bristol to write, the late Dr. Gotch published little. But a hops is ex pressed that some of his theologioal lectures, especially one remarkable series ou tho atone ment and another on inspiration, may bo given to the world. The Missionary Board of tho Protestant Epis copal Ohuroh is about to cvangoliso Alaska. Dr. J. R. Driggs, of Delaware, is at the Occi dental Hotel, cn route to Point Hopo, Alaska, to establish a elation thoro. M. O. Oliorry is at the American Exchange Hotel, cn route te Anvik, Alaska, as assistant to tho Rev. J. M. Chap man, Protestant opiecopal missionary at that plaoe. ' Mr. Spurgeon has just renounced his olaim to a fortune which had been left him by an admirer. Tho toBtutcr it seems left some needy relatives, und on tho facts being put bofore him Mr. Spurgeon waived all title to the property, and gave the trustees powor to doal with it for the benefit of tho said relatives. Ono result of this beneficence has been the rcoaipt of numer ous applications from the " neody relatives" of persons who willed sumB of monoy to different institutions under Mr. Spurgeon's oontrol yoars ago, claiming to be treated in tho same way. Mr. Spurgeon, however, points bat that where money is loft to himself, he is at porfoot liberty to do with it as he likes ; hut in tho oaso of bequesta to his college and orphanagos he has no power to depart from the will of the testator being only a trustee. Tho trunk of a rose hash growing at Ven tura is said to bo three foot in oircumforonoe and the first branoh it throws out is twenty- ono inohes in oironmferenoe. It runs over a lattice work, and though more than a waggon load of boughs have been removed, it oovors a space of about 1,200 square foot. It ' yields thousands of flowers, and is fourteen years old. A fourteon-yoar-old lad named Mortimor Plant is in gaol . at Pasadena for poisoning butter with stryohnine, which nearly cost Mrs. Rankin hor life. Tho orime occurrod some months ago. The lad made a full confession, stating ho wouldn't have oared if Mrs. Rankin hud been killed. The deed was done in revenge for the non-payment of an alleged debt of 1 dollar. 