A STRANGE MESSAGE. CHARTER 1. THE MESSAGE. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of “Footprints in the Snow,” “The Broken Seal,” “Crcesus' Widow,” “Anna bel's Rival,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] It came neither by the post nor the tele graph wires; it was lying on the toilet table of a handsome young woman when she went up to dress for dinner, before entertaining a party of her friends and neighbors, and the strange communication concerned one of these guests. It tras an ordinary euough looking letter that Leonora Stewart lifted so carelessly and cpeutd with indifference. She thought it tvassoine account, and yet the envelope was thicker and the writing different to what is common on tradesmen’s bills. It contained only a few lines, but as Miss Stewart read these her face first flushed deeply, and then grew extremely pale. The words that caused this emotion were very brief l lf you have any regard for your future happiness and reputation, have nothing farther to do with James Biddulph.’ The girl read and re-read this message 'nth a beating, troubled heart. Who could • Who could dare to write 1 1 s ’ le “sked herself again and again. She l. ,n Skt °f the people staying in the house— aud and Alice Lee, and her dead father’s CMdn, Mis Conway-Hope; but they had scarcely seen Mr Biddulph, certainly could wow; nothing of his life. Then she rang the bell sharply, aud her mud appeared. Palmer,’ she asked, pointing to the letter letter t!) rc^ s ‘ tJ ß' table, ‘ did you put that ln ' ss , I did,’ answered Palmer, red gave it to me, and, as you were « ing te a , I thought I would not disturb so I laid it there.’ ‘ here did Alfred get it ? Go down and 6 -k him, please. 1 sea!' 5 - ,os 'f the disquieting words Pilm D IU I ' e a * i3euce °f her maid, aud when crt'und !ea TP call and she looked eagerly l she asked. lull a fa T s ’ '"’ ss i that a lady rang at the at once”’ JeEired lliin to give it to you nlmn'Vj ' Vhat S(,rt of lady? Ask Alfred j at | lle Wy was like.’ turned ine Rdmer once more re ai“aScS’shuwasqaite the lady llc know her by sight ? Was of Wiepeople about here?’ Ma '!icoui)tryl-,,1y y > S tot: BllG S£> ° ke HkC “ l Hel° r ' l asked uo more questions. I dress,’ she saiM; ‘I am afraid ‘k? ilran- 6 “ nt before she desdended to t^refnli,,Y'^r 00111 to receive her guests she 'Aimi “eked aw:iy -|:e mysterious letter, rkce^it ,rkci mj ttT did not sec where ‘“^t°ia a | IS °. a! * ter P:l mer leffc the room— *f«v t n ™° looking-glass, and stood for li3"i) Wn examining her own face. A '■ ,r k hair' f "v'' 111 ’ " f' er wdiite skin aud Cfr tain ,J 7 e T es > which there was a tokened a , “ <r6S °f expression that be ,|r>tbin„ !, ■ l’ er 'Ul. There was, indeed, a Uor m,lin about this young kesTted tnl'e"’ "'h° had but recently in ker. g|.„ Scottish lnme in which we find '1 the” i” ,'' tts , tlle darghter aud only child k’ndon 7‘. . “thony Oust, a well-known Stewart- a i i- r ’ am * s Scotch wife, Janet t‘”ns that T ll -r mother’s rela fo=Kssion f°"? ra Stewart had come into house of p’ khe siull estate and large verae ' ,hioh B . tauda on the the \y„.. l °"P. of the most beautiful lochs • Hut tllp ; tern Tliglilamis. bequest a c " ll(iition attached to this th.' I CH,,,e boil her late mother’s !-‘ r,| iora «-i« t i a=t nw - ,er “f Rossmore. In h"rited tl,„ °.“' :B '' lll e a Stewart also, if she l he kdrl m l i iiir<VßfCantyaCreB - Aud k'ew well ti la u,te , re to do this. She that w 3s . henutifuinnd romantic home ? htn the V elW°" le ‘‘lre; for each year, “ r?es . Mrs Ciibm j° rn I™ 8 ‘ ‘Pening on the l‘ sk the ohl . I,adtak a her «»ily child to eE, ‘ b «n Ami Se ; i W l ere . Bhe herself had khea visits had filled l llSf foniitu lovo ? , r w ’^ l an almost '"’""tains of l,„ fw "‘ejhlue lochs and wild T!u, a tl ' r m ° tlK is land. ’ “ ,We When she » me Stewart of Ross was a grl of about twenty wo, and Mr Cusfc had also left her a mode rate fortune. She was not rich, but still very far from poor. Her father’s cousin, Mrs Conway-Hope, a widow of small means, had proposed to live with her when she came into the Scotch property, but Leonora had declined. ‘ I shall always be pleased to see you—to stay witli me, Cousin Margaret,’ she had answered, with a smile, ‘ but as a visitor.’ ‘ But the world, Nora, you ought to con sider the world,’ said Mrs Conway-Hope, with much gravity, for she was disappointed at not securing a permanent home. ‘ So I do consider it.’ ‘ Then, are you not too young, dear, not to have a chaperon constantly living under your roof ?’ ‘ I shall always have friends with me.’ ‘ Yes; but mere friends are not to’ be de pended on, Nora. I never knew, until poor Conway left me, how sad and dreary it is to have no one to love and cling to.. We could be so happy together, I am sure.’ Nevertheless, Leonora did not ncccpt her relation’s proposal; but Mrs Comvay- Hope was a frequent visitor, both at Rossmore and at Leonora’s small house in town. And she was staying at Rossmore when Miss Stewart received the strange message that had so greatly disturbed her. But Leonora did not make a confidante, of her father’s cousin on the subject. And as she entered her drawingroom to receive her expected guests she found Mrs Conway-Hope already seated there. A gaunt, grey woman this, with a tall shapeless form, and a manner tlmt jarred on ynnr nerves somehow like a discordant sound. ‘ Well, dear,’ she said, rising as Leonora appeared, and looking at her scrutiuisingly with her short sighted eyes, ‘and are you ready ? So you’ve got oh your new red plush. Well, it’s a handsome material, but I am afraid the color does not quite become you. It makes you look so pale.’ ‘I am sorry yqu don’t like it, Cousin Margaret,’ answered Leouora, feeling as we all do when wc arc told that we are not look ing well. ‘ I like the dress, dear, but I don’t think it suits you. No, Norn, it does not,’ she added, with decision. Nora felt annoyed. She had particularly wished to look well this evening, and, in truth, the deep, rich hue of her gown be came admirably' her fair skin and dark hair. But when we are told a thing as a fact, our minds naturally veer towards believing that there must be something in it; and, there fore, Mis Coo way-Hope, having succeeded in making Nora regard her new plush witli ! disfavor, resumed her seat, feeling that she had made the kindest possible remarks to her young relation. But this lady' had a natural aptitude to be disagreeable, aud probably could not help it, for she esteemed herself one of the saints of the„ earth. She also esteemed herself a master, or rather mistress, of the art of con versation; aud as Nora Stewart’s guests began to assemble, she placed herself near first one shrinking man and then another, ami at last succeeded in driving the good tempered, jovial-faced clergyman of the parish into a convenient corner, where she firmly’ kept him until dinner was announced. Nora’s party consisted almost entirely of young people. Two pretty English girls— Maud and Alice Lee—were staying in the house, and were in love for the time being with everything Scotch, including Malcolm Fraser, one of Nora Stewart’s neighbors. This young Highlander and his pretty sister, Minnie Fraser, were among the fiisi to arrive. ‘Ami where arc Mr and Mrs Frasei ?’ ask-d Nora. ‘My mother sent her love,’ answered Minnie, whose hair was of such pale gold color as to look almost white, ‘ and she could not leave my father to-night—his rheumatism is so bad.’ ‘ What poor women have to come to, you see,’ said Maud Lee, coquettislily, to young Fraser, after hearing this explanation. As the young girl said this, ‘ Mr Biddulph’ was announced, and a tall, grave-faced, dis tinguished-looking man walked rather slowly into the room, and as lie did so a brighter light stole into Nora Stewart’s dark eyes, aud a flush came on her fair cheeks which had been so pale before. ‘ I am afraid I am late,’said Mr Biddulph, comteously, as he shook hands with his young hostess; ‘ but the loch is so rough to night, we had to tack a hit before we could cross.’ ‘I saw it was rough before it got dark,’ answered Miss Stewart. ‘lt’s very tantalising, isn’t it? lean see Rossmore so plainly from my place, and yet I have been more than an hour in getting here to-night,’ and he looked at his watch. ‘ You are my’ nearest neighbor as the crow flies, y’ou know.’ ‘ I wish I were a crow, then; no, I don’t think Ido —the sable-winged bird has so many bad qualities.’ ‘ Oil, the poor crows !’ laughed Leouoia. ‘They’ are a noisy, quarrelsome set; bad neighbors, to my’ mind —bad to eat nun bad for the wheat.’ ‘I must confess I like to hear them eaw, aud see them veering about in their myste rious fashion among the old trees.’ ‘That is because you are young ami romantic,’ said Mr Biddulph, smiling, and looking admiringly at Leonara’s face with his grey eyes, in which there was much thought and some sadness. ‘And do y’ou still like your wild eyrie up here?’ he added. ‘I love Rossmore—l have always loved it. I used to come here, you know, when I was a little child with my mother. I re member Colonel Biddulph so well, though we seldom saw him.’ ‘ I scarcely knew iny’ uncle; but he was a grim old man.’ ‘He was rather a misanthrope, was he not ?’ ‘ Yet lie must have been very’ kind to think of me as he did. He hated the world and its crooked ways, or the world hated him. We are apt to become sour when wc are disappointed, don’t you think?’ ‘i have nut been disappointed yet.’ ‘No; it’s a bitter draught—bitteiest of all to be disappointed in one’s self.’ Lenora looked up with iuterest in Mr Biddulph’s face, but his eyes were cast down. 1 1 intend you,’ said Leonora, a moment later with that soft blush of hers which made her so lovely, ‘to take my cousiu, after the Scotch fashion—Mrs Fraser, of Airdlinn—in to dinner this evening; but only the young people are here. Therefore ’ ‘May I take my neighbor and hostess?’ ‘ If you like.’ ‘ I more than like. Being the oldest mau in the room, except the parson, I have been indulging iu certain gruesome visions of having to escort the lady in black—l forget' her name—whom I had the honor of sitting next the last time I dined here.’ ‘ You mean my father’s cousin, Mrs Cou way-Hope, laughed Leonora. 1 Well, I fully’ eDter into y’our feelings. Just before you came she threw a whole bucket of cold water over my self conceit—she told me my new gown did not become ine.’ ‘ It would be presumption, I suppose, to say what I think of the new gown ?’ • Indeed, no; my ruffled vanity wants a little smoothing down. But the implied compliment was never paid. Dinner was announced, and Leonora was forced to think of her guests. The Rev. Andrew Macdonald was carried off iu tri umph by Mrs Conway-Hope, and Malcolm Fraser was obliged to offer his arm, with a somewhat lowering brow, to one of the pretty English girls. But there-was sup pressed wrath in the young Highlander’s blue eyes, and anger aud jealousy in his heart, when he saw Nora Stewart—as the Fraser family always called her—select Mr Biddulph to take her in to dinner. In point of etiquette Leonora was quite right, for Mr Biddulph was the greatest stranger present: but this did not make the matter any better to the. young mau, who was certainly iu love. Leonora was a good hostess, for a bright, clever woman ever is one. Still, the un happy Rev. Andrew Macdonald did not enjoy his dinner. He was taken to task during the soup on various occult and theoretical subjects, with whictf it must be admitted the poor Scotch minister was not conversant, his tormentor, for that matter, being nearly equally at sea. But Mrs Con way- Hope was one of those women who try to make a few terms pass for knowledge, and the Rev. Andrew had uot presence of mind to perceive this. His rosy face grew hot, his stalwart form Bhrank visibly away from the searching eyes fixed on him and the continuous questions poured upon his unwilling cars. - - ‘ Poor fellow !’ said Mr Biddulph, iu a low tone, to Leonora, looking with sincere pity at the distressed clergymau; ‘I really must try to help him. Mrs Conwny:Hope,’ he said, raising his voice and addressing that lady, who turned swiftly round, ‘ wliat do you think of the last materialist idea ?’ The conversation that followed was satis factory to them both. Mrs Conway-Hope rushed delightedly into the fray, and Mr Biddulph had the pleasure of exposing her iguorance without her perceiving it, and, perhaps, also of airing his own opinions; and the relief to the Scotch minister at least was great. But it was greater still when the ladies rose to leave the table; then the Rev. Macdonald actually breathed a sigh. ‘ What au extraordinary woman !' he said, pensively, to Mr Biddulph, to whom he felt very grateful. ‘Truly awful,’ replied Mr Biddulph, with a laugh. In the meantime, Mrs Conway-Hope was giving her opinion of the two gentlemen in the drawing-room. ‘ There is nothing -iu that poor Scotch clergyman,’ blio said; ‘ but Mr Biddulph is a clever man.’ The- ‘.clever mau,’ however, avoided the snare she laid to entrap him again into con versation when he returned to the drawing room. The moon had risen, and was shining on the grey towei’6 of Rossmore and on the dusky steeps below. ‘ Come out on the terrace,’ Miss Stewnit,’ he said, approaching Leouaru, and feeling sure that iu October Mrs Conway-Hope must have rheumatism in some part of her augular form. ‘You love tiio moonlight, I am quite sure.’ ‘ And how are you sure?’ asked Leonora, smiling. ‘By certain signs and tokeus; by that wondrous sympathy which makes some natures open to us, while others are a blank dull page.’ They went out together, aud stood there iu the silvery darkness of the night. At first both were sileut. The great stillness around the weird, white shadows where the moonbeams crept through the tall, dark firs, the thoughts iu their own hearts, perhaps, made their lips grow dumb. .Leonora was thinking, ‘Shall I tell him— tell him he has au enemy close at hand try ing to do him harm?’ And Mr Biddulph was thinking, ‘This is the sweetest uonion. If I were but free 1’ Aud he gave an im patient sigh. Leonora heard that sigh, and glanced up at her companion’s pale, grave face, on which at that moment a glinting moonbeam i bone. But the other young people had now followed the example of their hostess, and appeared on the terrace, Malcolm Fraser was hiding his injured feelings by ail ani mated conversation with Miss Maud Lee; the Rev. Andrew Macdonald, in his mild way, was devoting himself to the younger sister; and Mrs Couway-Hope mentally thinking how very ill-bred it was of Nora to leave her alone, had takeu refuge iu a novel. And while her guests are thus amusing themselves, we may as well learn something more of this James Biddulph, whom Leonora Stewart had just been so mysteriously warned not to put her trust in. Across the broad blue waters of the loch, which laps round three sides of tliejiming headlong on which stands the house of Ross more, a grey, substantial stone mansion is to he se-n, which some 25 years ago was bnilt by a certain Colonel Biddulph, an Kogllsh inan, who lived and died there. A gloomy, disappointed man this, who, it was said, chose this lonely but lovely spot to end his days in, far away from the friends of bis youth and manhood. And he sought no new ones. He buried himself here alone, with his books, aud perhaps vague dreams and theories which satisfied his peculiar mind better thau the passing pleasures of the world. A mau must have something to hope and live for, and maybe this grim old hermit had fixed his hopes on a higher standard than those with whom he used to live. At all events, besought no fellowship with his kind, aud au accident only intro duced him to his neighbor, Mr Stewart, of Rossmore. It was in the hitter winter weather, aud the loch was rough and dangerous, but this did not deter Colonel Biddulph from cross ing the water whenever it suited his con venience to do so. And one dark December afteruoou, as he was returning to Dunhaan —so his property’ was named—a squall struck his light boat, aud the old man aud his boatman were iu imminent. danger of their lives as they struggled iu the rough aud icy surf. The accident was seeu from the windows of Rossmore, and the gallant laird last no time in hurrying to the assistance of his un genial neighbor. Risking his own life by doing so, Stewart had a bout launched, anil, with one of his keepers, put off to endeavor to save the almost exhausted men in the water, and it was only after desperate efforts they’ were able to do this, and Colonel Biddulph was . carried into the house of Rossmore, iu au entirely uncon scious condition. When he recovered, his cold stoicism melted before the natural gratitude of his heart, and from that day Stewart of Ross more was a welcome guest under his toof, Aud occasionally also he would cross the loch, and talk to the laird in that hard, stem fashion of his, iu which he over put the worst coloring on the motives of his fellow men. Thus Leonora had seen Colonel Bid dulph, aud the Colonel knew it was his friend’s intention to leave his ancestral acres to his sister’s child. As years wore on Mr Stewart died, aud Leonora came into possession of Rossmore; and a year later, far away from kith and kin, the stern old mau who lived at Dunbuau also passed away from a world iu which some blight had evidently’ fallen on the yn ars of his early’ manhood. After he was gone everyone who had lived around him wondered who would be his successor. His elder brother, Geueral Bid dulph, was dead also, aud had left a widow, but no children. There wav, however, a third Biddulph—a lawyer, and a shrewd man—who had amassed a considerable for tune, and who lived still, aud was naturally supposed to be his brother’s heir. But he was not. Diinlain uml a large sum of money was left to the son of this lawyer—James Biddulph, a barrister, aud a man of some 30 years, and after a little while—ab -ut two months before Leonora Stewart received the strange message about her neighbor—the new owner had come to stay at Dunhaan. He made Leonora’s acquaintance by bring ing over to Rossmore a bequest which his nucle had left to the niece of his old friend. This bequest consisted of a valuable diamond necklace. The colonel had never been mar ried, and Leonora’s neighbors wondered where the old man had picked up his splendid heirloom, which iie now had left to a stranger, probably out of gratitude to the laird. Be this as it may', the old man’s gift drew the two young people into a sudden inti macy. This was but natural. It was a bond between them, and between them also was a strong mutual attraction. Nevertheless, when James Biddulph de scended the steep road which led from Leonora’s house, after her party was over and her guests had beguu to separate, on his way to the boat which hud to convey him across tlie loch, there was a frown upon his brow, aud au augry dissatisfied feeling iu his heart. ‘ When a man,’ lie was thinking, impa tiently cutting at a tall bracken with his walking-stick, ‘ has hung a rope round his neck, he may as well hang himself.’ There was u silver track upon the waters of the loch, and the whole scene was one of grand and serene beauty. But James Bid dulph scarcely’ noticed this; lie was thinking of the fair woman he had left behind, and of the light in her dark eyes as he had clasped her hand in parting. ‘ But it cannot be, I suppose,’ lie muttered, gloomily; and in no happy mood lie at length reached the grey old ing amid the dark trees, that his-uncle had left him. As he passed up the avenue, there glided from behind one of these trees the figure of a woman, whose face was thickly veiled. This woman had watched his boat cross the silver moon track on the loch—had watched and waited long hours to see him pass, aud now’ slowly followed him unseeu. CHAPTER 11. MBS JOCK FRASER. Mr Biddulph was Leouora Stewart’s nearest neighbor at Rossmore; but from the lofty headland where she lived she could also plainly see the Frasers’ house at Aird linn, which was situated on the same side of the loch at Duubaau, though a considerable distance lay between them. On the morniug after her ‘ young people’ had dined with Leonora, about 11 o'clock Mrs Fraser, of Airdlinn, intered the break fast-room of her house, dressed for walkiug. A tall womau, with rosy cheeks and bright blue eyes, aud a full form, and a stalwart step. She was dressed in homespun, and wore a black hat, and carried a stout stick, aud looked strong alike in body and in miud. Her husband, ‘Jock Fraser of Airdlinn,’ as he was commonly called, was crouching over the fire, unhappy man, with a blnck woollen comforter wrapped round his head, and a racking pain in his swollen, stitfened jaws. ‘Jock, lain going out,’ began Mrs Jock, approaching him. ‘ I must see about getting that poor helpless woman’s pigs sold, and I mean to go round and ask all the neighbors to take one.’ ‘ Well, my dear,’ answered Jock, meekly, lifting his brown aud usually humorous eyes to his wife’s good-looking face. His expres sion at this moment, however, was anything but humorous; there was endurance in it aud nothing more. ‘And I think,’ continued Mrs Jock, ‘ that there would be no possible harm in my calling on that youug Biddulph. The young people met him last night at Nora Stewart’s, and Minnie tells me ho is a fine looking mau. I think I shall call. What do you say, Jock ?’ Jock, who was past jealousy and all other feelings of humanity but his toothache, assented with a groan. ‘ Then I shall cross the loch and go on to Nora Stewart’s, and from Rossmore to your brother AUbk’s.’ ‘ That will do no good,’ groaned Jock. ‘ Well, I shall try.’ ‘You-may try,’ and for the first time a grim smile stole round Mr Fraser’s lips, which, however, was instantly suppressed by a sharp pang of agony. ‘Poor old mao!’ said Mrs Fraser, com niiseratingly, aud affectionately patting her husband’s broad shoulders. ‘ I am afraid the mail is very bad !’ Jock found no words to reply, ami Mis Fraser, having seeu after his comfoit— though, indeed, lie found none—and after doing everything she could for him—for she was a good wife—strode away on her errand of mercy, and the unlmdpy Jock was left by iiis fireside. And now let us follow Mrs Jock, trudging along with steady, equal steps through a drizzling mist on her way to her new neigh bor’s at Duuhaan. The path was rough, and the air so thick with moisture that on each blade and leaf hung a trembling drop of dew, aud before, around her, and behind her all was slmdow-land. The mist wrapped every thing as in a garment, but Mrs Jock, nothing dismayed, walked on by the loch side, ami guided herself with unerring foot steps until she arrived at the grey mansion —which she could now distinctly see— where old Colonel Biddulph had dwelt so long. She found her way up the avenue, through ihe dripping trees, and rang at the house door hell, and asked if Mr Biddulph were at home. The gr.-y-haireil old manservant, who had lived with tiie Colonel, answered that he was. ‘ Can I see him?’ said Mrs Jock, producing her card-case. ‘ Perhaps, madam, you would walk this way,’ said the old servant; ‘I will tell Mr Biddulph you hove called.’ He ushered Mrs Fraser into the unused drawingroom of the house. Here was a room whore a lady’s footstep had never fallen before! A stilf, uncomfortable room, without grace or pleasantness; a room with out a fire, or a flower, or a little table. Had the grim, old man, who had furnished it to his taste, no memories left of the time when he must have played by his'mother’s knee? Or of tiie days when, perhaps, he bad sighed in vain at some fairer slnim? Seem ingly none. N"t the ghost of a woman's touch was here—not the shadow of a ‘ van ished baud.’ As Mrs Fraser looked round somewhat disconsolately, the door opened, and a tall, good-looking man entered the room. ‘ I am so sorry, Mrs Fraser,’ lie said, courteously, * that Donald has shown you into this miserable room. Will you come into my den, where at least I have a good tire ?’ ‘Have I the pleasure of speaking to Mr Biddulph?’ asked Mrs Jock, favorably re garding her new neighbor. ‘I am Mr Biddulph,’ he answered nith a pleasant smile, leading the way as he sprite to the library where lie had been sitting. This was » very comfortable room; the Walls lined with hooks or every description, from grave to gay, tiie curtains thick, heavy, and red, the furniture massive, and a Turkey eai pet on the floor. ‘ I am afraid the smell of smoke will annoy you,'said Mr Biddulph, as lie placed a chair for his visitor. •Notiu the least,’ answered Mrs Jock, ‘a womau who has a husband nml a son is us- and to the smell of smoke; and, speaking of my husband, Mr Biddulph, reminds me to apolo gise to you that he has not called ouyon yet, but lie is suffering terribly from toothache. * I am extremely sorry.’ ‘Well, the truth is, he should have two out; but you know what men are.’ Mrs Jock said the last few words with out the least semblance of coquetry, and Mr Biddulph quickly perceived this. ‘ You mean,’ he Said, smiling, ‘ that we are an obstinate, bad-to manage race; aud I belipve you are right.’ Mrs Jock smiled also, but still without coquetry. ‘ I have come to beg,’ she said, somewhat abruptly. Mr Biddulph’s face did not lengthen. ‘The truth i=,’she went on, ‘that a pom man about our place fell from tiie hayloft; last week anil broke his neck, and he' has left a widow anil four small children behind him, and nothing of any value except five little pigs, and I am trying to sell them among the neighbors, so as to raise a small sum for the widow. ‘ It is very kind of you, Mrs Fraser.’ ‘ I want a pound a-piece for them; will you take one?’ ‘ I shall be charmed to become’ the pos sessor of a little pig,’answered Mr Biddulph, smiling again; ‘but please allow tiie value of my pig to he two pounds.’ ‘You are very good, hut I won’t refuse. This will help me on a good hit,’ added Mrs Jock, as she placed Mr Biddulph’s two sovereigns in her substantial’.'leather bag. ‘I am going next to Nora Stewart’s;'you (lined there last night, didn’t yon 1 ? My yomig people told mo they had met you.’ ‘ Yes; I noticed your daughter and son.’ ‘Nora Stewart is a fine girl, is she not? Her mother and my husband were half cousins, so 1 look upou iier almost ns a child of my o-.vn. Do.ynu think her handsome ?’ ‘ I think there can be only one opinion about Miss Stewart’s looks.’ ‘ Yes, her mother was handsome too. She has got an awful old woman staying with her, and two English girls, and 1 shall be obliged to ask them to dinner soon. Will yon come to meet them, Mr Biddulph ?’ ‘I shall be delighted.’ ‘ No time like the present; tlieu; let us fix n day. Can yon come next Tuesday, at half past 7 sharp?’ ‘lt is very kind of you to ask me, aud I shall be very pleased.’ ’ * That is settled, then; and now I thiuk I must go.’ ‘ But how are yon going to cross the loch?’ ‘"There will'be a boat at the little pier below your house, I expect.’ ‘Take my boat, and allow me to escort you to the pier.’ And Mrs Jock did not refuse this offer, and as Mr Biddulph walked by her side sho returned to' the subject of her pigs. ‘I will send one of the tncu over’with yours this evening,' she said, ‘ ami I shall see yon have the best one.’ Biddulph laughed. ‘Oh, don’t mind the pig,’ he said; ‘letthe foursmallchildreueat.it.' ‘ That is nonsense,’ answered Mrs Jock, gravely; ‘ you have paid for it, aud you shall have it—aud the best, too.’ Again Biddulph laughed. This lady, so straightforward, so robust, greatly amused him, and ho looked with a certain amount of admiration nt her fresh face and clear blue eyes, and nt the fair hair touched with grey, on which the mist had left tiny drops of 'moisture without destroying- the strong natural ripple. He offered to escort her across the loch, but Mrs Jock declined; but just as the boat was about to put off lie placed something iu her hand. ‘That was a very sad story, you know,’ he said, ‘about the poor fellow breakiug his neck. Will you give this to the widow without saying who seut it?' And when Mrs Jock looked at her hand, she found it con tained a five pound note. ‘This is too much,’ she said. ‘ Indeed no. Guod-bye. I shall see you on Tuesday; good bye again, until then. He assisted her iiitn the boat, and helped to push it off, and then took off his cip and stood bareheaded for a moment, and Mrs Jock, with a sigh, admitted to herself that she had never seen a handsomer man. ‘ My poor boy won’t have much chance, I am afraid, if he goes ill for Nora Stewart,’ thought the fond mother, 1 though Malcolm is a handsome lad.’ Meanwhile Mr Biddulph had turned away from the little pier, and walked slowly home through the mist, thinking of Nora Stewart ns he.went. As he passed up the avenue somethiug white caught his eye on the trunk of one of the trees, and Mr Biddulph frowned when lie saw it was some name or words freshly cut in the bark. He thought some of the ser vants or some passer by hail done this, and he went out of his way a few steps more closely to examine the injury done to his tree. When he was quite near to it, he stood as if transfixed, and his face grew deadly pale. There, staring at him on the freshly cut bark, was a name he hated to think of, still more to see—a name that no one knew here; that he hud tried to forget, aud tried in vain. ‘ Natalie, 'commonly .Matt.’ These words stood out distinct and clear. Mr Biddulph rubbed his eyes; then he felt the letters with his trembling hands. But there was no mistake. Someone must have done this, he told himself with parched, pale lips—someone who knew the secret of his life. [To be continued.) 