OFFICIAL NOTIFICATIONS. (From the Government Gazette) APP0INTMESTr.-LieUt.-C0l. E. B. Drury . C. M.G., to Acting Commandant of tbe Queensland Defence Force during the absence oi Colonel G. A. French ; Lieut, -Col. J. S. Amritqge, to be acting musketry instructs and staff officer for the Northern military district, during i)ie absence m- leave of Major H. E. Haldiue ; W Tirruey, to be a provi viEional captain, Ktid K. hJennet, a pro visional lieutenant in the Volunteer hriiich of the Dafence Force ; T. W. Garde, L.R.C.P., Eiin, to be medical officer at Toowoomba, in the room of E. Roberts, M.R.C.S , Eng., resigned ; 6. Colledge, to be a cadet in tbe Colonial Architect's branch of the Public Works Department ; A. Devine, to he a member f'r No. 1 Subdivision nf tb» Taroom Division, in tho room of F. J. Young, re signed, and W. N. Ascough, to be reu|- piinted a member for No. I Subdivision ; Sergeant T. King, to be assistant district registrar of births and deaths at Ten ningering, for the Registry District of Bundaberg, in tbe room of O. Armstrong, transferred. Dismissal.— The services of Major H. E. H&Idaneas; staff-officer of tiie Northern military district as from tbe 31st Decem ber next have heen dispensed witb. Resignation. — The resignation ten dered by G. W. Gaynor of bis appoint ment as a justice of tbe peace has been accepted. BREVITIES. From our latest English files to band welake the followiug interesting itemB :— Tbe Queea will prolong her stay at Balmoral, iter physicians,, it appears, having insisted upou her avoiding undue exertion and excitement. Her Majesty looks well and is in excellent spiritB, but she ages perceptibly, and is said to be losing something of ber old energy. The Princess of Wales, wben recently visiting Newetead Abbey, humorously expressed a desire to see tbe gboBt which is supposed to have disturbed Byron. While parsing through a room tbe Prin cess is said to have thrust her pareol into a dark curtBiued alcove, saying at tbe ^atue time ' But I want to see tb^ ghost.' The point of tbe parasol came in contact with a servant maid who bad concealed herself to get an undisturbed peep at royalty. Thinking she had discovered the ghost the Princess is said to have funk screaming into the arms of tbe Prince, while tho domestic, throwing heraoH before t!:e PrinceBB, plteously lagged ber pardon. Au offering from the women nf Belgium for their Queen, to commemorate tbe 25th 'uuiversary of her husband's accession, 'iid limited to contributions in bronze, amounts to £7000. The Queen will de vote It iu aiding worUmeu who are iE juri*d in the course of their labour. Ihe Queen-mother of Suain lives in a homely feshiou at Sau Sebastian, She rii-es at six o'clock, and never changeB her toilet during the reBt of the day. She still wears black, relieved with laces or violet ribbon. When dressed she visits in*' little King's room, who will not per mit anyone to attend bim bntjhis old twse — formerly his wet nurse. The King's behaviour causes his governeBS eoiae trouble. He will insist upon ad dressing Court diguitariea by their Christian names. , _Tbe Kaiser is anxious to be regarded M tbe father of hiB people. He hM naked for a plan of the Houae In Berlin in which two young ladleB and two do mestics were burned to death, tn order to see whether tbe firemen could not have entered the building to try and save them. By tbe sinking of a barge laden with gas-lime near Broxbourne, the rivers Stort and Lea were poisoned, causing the death of thousands of fisb. A mill was completely choked by the masBing nf large quantities nf dead fleh. tons of which have been used bb manure. A manatee or sea-cow, tbe nearest ap proach to n mermaid, is now in the Brighton', Aqifarlum. A seal has been shot in tbe Clyde, An Arab infant has been born iu the ' Wild East' camp at the French Exhi bition. A peasant woman, of Brittany, had five children at a blrtb, all of whom are alive. A Welshman and an Irishman were drinking in a public-house at Connah'B Quay, Flintshire, when tbe former sold his wife to tbe latter for Ib. 9-1. The wife, hearing tho transaction, slipped out either in disapproval of tbe Biie, or in order to give ber husband tbe oppor tunity of netting the money. In Illinois, a daughter, after marrying without ber father's consent, went home to ask bis forgivenuess. The enraged father shot his daughter dead, and then committed suicide. The husband, enter- ing at that moment, was so horrified that that be became insane. A Japanese paper speaks of a native at Bizon, aged 40, whn has married and | divorced 35 wives, and is now married to tbe tbirty-sixtb. A young man who was to have been married at Leeds has been sentenced to two months' hard labor for stealing the wedding-ring from the would-be-bride, which she had purchased in readiness for tbe ceremony. After obtaining pos session of tbe ring he disappeared. A girl 10 years of age, a professional swimmer, was taken to London Bridge by her parents, and from it she was about to dive to advertise herself, wben they were arrested. The magistrate, on binding the parents over to keep the peace, said it was iocredihle that a father and mother were so ready to risk the life of their child. ° Insurance policies are now issued against loss by theft or robbery, with or without violence nr burglary. A ' white blackbird,' is to be seen in a cage at Bledlow. Bucks. London and Manchester are now con nected by telephone. Some naturalists assembled in both cities and interchanged views by telepboneconceruingthe growth of plant life in large towns. Music at n London theatre wbb heard moat distinctly in Manchester. Mr. Edison thinks be has hit upon a plan which will enable us to bear sounds in the sun. TheQueen, by deputy, stood godmother to a son of a Maori chief, and selected the name of Albert Victor. Her M-jesty's godson is now working as a common sailor. Wbat appeared to b« a case of klepto mania was partly investigated at Bromley. A lady was charged witb stealing a. coil of telegraph wire which she saw by the roadside, and prevailed upon someone to place in her carriage, aud with which she drove oft. A woman at Sherborne died in a fit after being stung by a wasp. At Totnes a boy fell into a vat of boil ing dye and was instantly killed. A young girl, said to have been the victim of over-pressure at a Clapharn Board school, while walking in her sleep upset a spirit lamp and «as burned to death. The Crystal Palace directors have ar ranged for the Hanlel Festival nf 1891. Tbe rehearsal will be nu June 19, and the performances on the 22ml and 24th. Georgians, Dowager Baroness de Ros, completed her 95th year on Tuesday, Sep tember 30. It was she, when in ber 20;b year, who, on the eve of the battle of Waterloo, daucert atthe historic ballgiven by her father at Brussels. At a sale of antique carved oak furn' ture in Lancashire, several articles were purchased for the South Kensington Museum, including a bedstead wbicb Wrb presented by Henry IV. of France, and dated 1593, wbicb sold for 340 ge. Some finely-carved chairs secured prices ranging from eight to 40 guineas. At an auction sale in Loudon a choice specimen of tea fetched tbe astonishingly high price of 30s. 6d. per pound. While excavating near Ilkeston, a workman came upon a clay urn contain ing hundreds of coins, the dates showing that they must have been buried about 800 years. The New Tower-bridge, now in course of construction across tbe 1'hameB, will be 2640ft. About 80,000 tons nf stone have already been used in tbe construc tion of two piers. In the entire construe tinii, in addition to stone, coucrete aud and iron, 31,000,000 bricks will be used. At a conference of Women's Liberal Associations held in Nottingham, a reso lution was carried in favour of tbe open ing nf museums on 8undays, during the hours which pnblic- houses are open. Ninety public sanitary inspectors visited tbe Crematorium at Woking. The carcase of a sheep was cremated to show the working of the system. It takea an bour to reduce an adult human body to aahes, which would measure from half to three parts of a gallon. Crema tions are on the increase. An art student who has entered South KensingtoD, having lost both bands by au accident, set himself to overcome the difficulty, and now can draw and paint, holding tbe pencil and brush in bis mouth. At Devizes there ia an art student who. having lost both bands, paints either by holding the brUBh in bis mouth or between bis toes. Out of two millions of parcels posted in London and its suburbs last year, only 185 were said to have received damage. A working bricklayer in London has received a legacy of £200,000 left by a brother. He has handed £30,000 to each of bis fiste children, one of whom was working as s carman at Chelmsford. A sea capain who died the other day at Crosby, near Maryport, left a curious will. One nf bis maid-servants, aged 24, and who was keeping company with a young man, baB been left £40 a year on condition that she remains single; and another domestic a little mere advanced in life, has been left £30 a year on tbe same condition. St. Pant's Cathedral was tbe scene of a tragic occurrence on Sunday' morning, September 28. During tbe sermon a man seated near tbe entrance to tbe Whisper ing Gallery produced a revolver and fired two shots into his breast. The preacher paused, women screamed, and the body was removed to the mortuary, where life was found to be extinct. A paper found on tbe body stated tbat the man's name was Easton, and tbat he resided at Ful hBm. After a pause Prebendary Eyton, with all possible coolness, proceeded with bis sermon. On two previous occasions men have committed suicide in tbe cathedral by throwing themselves from tbe Whiepering Gallery. A female miser died in Paris, and her friends caat lots for ber furniture. A statuette fell to her daughter, and she was about to dash it to tbe ground in vexation when bank notes and securities, vuloed at. £2000, rolled out from the In terior. Tbe obituary for tbe weekending Octo ber 2nd Includes: — The Hon. A. J- F» Egerton, Conservative M,P. for South east Lancashire, aged 36, wboBe majority I in 1886 wbb 292; Mrs. Woodfaead, tbe Mayoress of Cheaterfield ; Captain Knollys, a metropolitan chief constable, and brother of tbe Prince of Wales's secretary ; Mr. Barkley, late Governor of Heligoland, aged 47 ; Captain Dixon, of Bath, aged 91, under whose will the charities of the city will benefit consider ably ; tbe Crown Prince of Bokhara, who suddenly expired while viBitlng St. Petersburg. 