A MYSTERIOUS REVESGE (A DRAMATIC STORY). Bv the Author or ' Shjua.' Chapter. XI. AMANDA AND HER CRACKED MATTERY. Amanda alone said — 'We must manage to proeuro you a few stage tilings, my dear. I travel as lightly as possible myself.' '? 1 have money to buy clothes,' Onii hastened to say. Amanda put her linger to licr lip, and just glnnecd around. ' Mueh-7' she asked, in a whisper. ' Thirty pounds in money, and — ' ' Hush ! Don't breathe a word of it to any one, my dear. Docs lie 'know of it?' Amanda glanced towards Walter, who was busily engaged in an animated dis cussion. 'Yes; I told him all.' 'Well, tell no one else ; lie's safe. Now,' she exclaimed, rising from her chair, ' we will disperse to our several avocations and '-homes, if you please, ladies and gentleman. I am going to sleep till rehearsal ; Gipsy will remain with me.' And thus Omi Dcvereux, hours before her disappearance threw Merelands into a State of consternation, was installed in a truckle bed, in a closet six feet square, sleeping, as only a girl of her age and disposition could have slept under the circumstances. Most gladly did she avail herself of the concealment offered licr, without, however, any idea of remaining perma nently with the strange companions among whom she had found a refuge ; yet nothing better, she felt, could have happened than her encounter with Walter Bradshitw, for wlio at Merelands would dream of seeking her in - such company ? And, after assisting at Amanda's various disgiiises, characters, paintings, patchings and transitions, she felt secure in herself that no one at home seeing would. recog- nize her, when her time came so to dis figure nature. ' Can you see in that glass, .ma'am ?' asked Omi, in surprise, as she assisted at Amanda's toilette that evening. 'Surely no one has color up to the eye lids ? and, oh ! such a quantity on the check ?';???. ' My dear, I dare say ycu have heard of blushing up to the eyes. Well, it is necessary so to simulate color behind those most trying foot-lights. See how (he rouge makes my eyes sparkle — eh ? Go to the front of the house when I am on, Gipsy, and you'll see that I am as pale as a ghost.' And on werl another daub of coarse paint close beneath the eye with the have's foot. Chai'Ter XIL T1IE NEEDLE WHICH WAS HIDDEN IN A IIUNDI.E OE HAY CANNOT 11E . 'FOUND. Amanda was, under the hapless 'cir cumstances which brought Omi acquainted witli her, about the most furtyinate acquisi tion she could have made, for she had fewer faults than many in her position might have had ; above: all else in Onii's favor, she was prudent in conduct, anil good- hearted. . She was first tragedian, first comedian, chambermaid- on occasions, not too proud to make herself generally useful ; could, well got up, look like a young — a plump young girl ; and did not object to male attire. Withal, she was on the wrong side of forty, which gave her superiority among many younger in the company. Amanda really was a good woman, but slie possessed one failing, from an idea that .great work was overcome by stimulating the frame to meet it. Amanda had a weakness in favor of spirits — not mental ones, nor, for the matter of that, physical ones. Now, such salaries as the company had been in the habit of receiving of late barely sufficed to support nature, without attempting to stimulate it. Amanda would have shown tip to con tempt and abhorrence, in the most approved stylo of melodrama, any one who had defrauded the Gipsy, poor-girl ! of a farthing ; but she knew, ?utter assisting at the purchase of sundry stage dresses, and articles of morning attire, to Omi a portion of existence, that- several pounds still remained. Amanda could not resist the stimulants referred to ; besides, she was constantly suffering from some discornfort or another — the same ? effect from contradictory causes. Either she had eaten too heartily at dinner, or had eaten none, and in epcli ease a stimulant was the only cure.. .The night was cold, the night was warm — one medicine cured both ills. She lived, moved, breathed Only in an atmosphere of hope. This was the bond of hope between her and Walter. He was equally sanguine. Amanda was past forty, nnd for twenty years had been watching for the arrival of fame, but contrary winds carried the sounds of her trumpet elsewhere. Still, like a faithful Chatelaine whose husband had gone to tlie war, Amanda sat at her highest tower, watching for the coming. Walter was a child of hope, He and Amanda saw the day looming at a brief distance whon -fame and wealth would be theirs. So sure .of . it did- they fool, that ?though tliey woiild-cqiially have abhorred u dishonorable action, especially to the poor ' Gipsy,' yet' both alike borrowed from her fast-failing store. The ' some day ' of payment was not yet rising on the horizon in the. East. Smiles had taken the Leeds Theatre oil a- venture for a month. During that lime Onii was watching anil learning stage tricks, divers parts, sundry little arts absolutely necessary ; but she feared to appear. so near home — indeed, except at night, closely veiled, she never left the' house. Not playing, of cottse her salary had not commenced, and she had to keep herself. Without- intending to live upon her — indeed, most indignantly refusing to avail herself of Oini's table — Amanda, nevertheless, did so, always almost, ( To be continued f) 