? DmN lint'i'irAi'i.TS exasperating monstrosity known us " Formosa " is being treated at tlie ]loyal us well as could lie CN peeled. The play chiefly blizms forth the author's invincible inability to tnoroughly gra«p tlll! 'flails «f boatraeing. It also shows a sad misconception of the duty of tlio drama H8 regards feminine morals, Ia fuel, the play conies pretty near to being a hurlesipic. The Oxford crew, a comptny of large waisted supers led by Mr. Dick Stewart, amuse themselves after a row by sitting astride of a long bench and singing a boatiii:.' song to pmtomiine rowing, and .it other times trot around after 11 retired pri/.e lighter who keep^ a riverside pub, and coaches the crew by running along the bank ! Tlie stroke of tile crew p its in his spare time immediately before the r.-ice ill knocking abnit London ami " seeing life," endi ig up by being immured in H. " spnnging house, ' from which he is rescued by the crew an hour before the raep, his valiant comrades climbing up a bidder and bursting the sliiittcra open with a tootlipicli. Jf this isii't biirloE.|U what is 1 The heroine of the piece leads a jolly and naughty life among the npp;r classes of society, puli by about JL'SOOIl, and then retires into respectability with a clear conscience aud a good young man of property for a hushmd. This dramatic nightmare dopends chiefly for Hilvation upon Miss K litli lilatide, who acts a dillimlt part with such good cll'eet as to amuse considerable app'ause. Mi-.-: 151 mile looks mignifieent ill the third ael, where she, announces her resolution to reform, and she tramples through a passionate Bit'iation with much lire and vigour. Mr. Dick Stewart is better than usual as the absurd young man of the play Pluucicault. iiy-tiie-w.iy, meant to n: ike him l.ln hero) and Mr. Athoiwood plavs a weak-kneed and kink- ncckeI but Urge-hearted lord as well as one could WHO. Mr. Walton is amusing as the ex prize-lighter, but lie does not manage to natch the peculiarities of tlie old-time "pug-" Mr. Royee is well-fitted with the part of the old dogrobber ami wele'icr ar.-l bis etl'ort ifl distinctly humorous. Messrs. Olyndes and Did'mrgh hunt in c nip'es as usual and get through their average amount,r-f villainy. Miss (.'wynne is charming as the kink-necked lord's inamorata, and Misi Maud Williamson makes the most of her somewhat slight opportunities. The play is mounted in a manner worthy of better tilings." Mr. Hruuton's sceuery is up Ifl his very best standard, the evening sky in the second aet being a tiiuniph of scenic ait. Tlie stage management is excellent throughout, anl we can onlv regret that Mr. (ieorge Darrell's energy and taste could not have hecn applied to the production of a less ridiculous play. OSF night, last week, when the disgusted moon I'VJHI her high sphere down-gazing, shone upon Our Marvellous Melbourne with its Marvellous Mud- A scene made up of I! isligli^, liloom au.l Grevse — We met a friend—a ,Signer of the Cress, With cobwebbed eye, and visage that did speak Of dreadful struggles with the Demon Drink, Which evermore pursued him in the shape Of .Sixteen Ling tteers in a siugle glass— And unto him we spake iu courteous-wise, With spacious tlourish of the dexter hand — A noble gesture borrowed from the stage— lavitin" him to come with us aud see The play at the " Princess'," aud he replied In rhyme—for he was built that way—" I'll go To see your Juliet aud your Romeo, For aufht to me is welcome that hath power To exorcise the Diinou for au hour."' What saw we then ? We saiv Mercutio Sana Standing as stilfas ramrod in a gun. Straight up and down a very plank of man, A talking post, that one by one did drop In tolling tones, as if a death bell spoke, Tlie tinkling words of that most famous speech, " 0, then I see Q leeu Mai) hath been wilh you." And, as he spake, with motion regular He clove the air, as though he thought bis arm Were made the handle of a milkman's pump. Was this the gallant gay Morcutio, Verona's wickedest and brightest wit, Who thus delivered h ; s most air^' jests With heavy looi-B and ill a rumbling voice, As if he from within a barrel spake '! Not much. Verona's wild Mereutio Had more of ti ue " sass'' than the Siss we know. What saw we next ? The Feast of Capulet Aud Sigr.or Wilson Forbes up n a tiirnue Sitting superb a-s Oid Mau Cap ilet. And wheezing tiresomely, " A hall I a hall !'' Hesiie him, large, im>ji»lie, satisiying, The Lady Helen Capulet Kinnaird III rich brocade of quiet crimson hue— A favourite dress ot this pitriciau dame, For she did teem to wear it night and day. The poor musiciau-i in their motley coats Were playing bravely iu dumb-show above Like stuffed owls nodding in a gilded cage Aud Tybalt Hoothinanfrum the side-wing Bcowled — The old stage-villain teowl we. know so well That knits the eyebrows like a strip of sock — And sneered, with lipi like to a ram's horn curled, When gentle Homey in a monk's disguise Appeared, anil on fair Juliet cast slieeps' eyes. Full porgeously fair Juliet was attired, In splendid tatfurn aud supnib fei-.toons, As one who bad successful sally made Into a Bilk-shop that had caught on lire, And clothed lieraelf with what came first to baud, And fixed the same with but a single pin. " Heslircw me !' ijuotb the Signor of the I'ress, If that pin fails the togs will have to fall." (Ircen moonlight like, the well known verdant glare Of Jealousy, shone oil the garden flue Where grew the Capulet cihhages iu pe ice, When llomco, like a burglar, skullieil acrosi The path, and stood 'neath Juliet'a balcony, And heaved up sighs explosive, like a wbale Which, like a groundling politician, comes Unto the surface now and then, and b'ows ; Whereon, forth stepped fair Juliet, and sighed back, A mooing sigh through her down-hinging hair- Capillary attraction seemed her game— And dropped her scarf, which liiimej straightway seized, Aud ehowed one end, while she the other chewed, In amorous telegraphy. So we Have seen a pair of yokels—ho and she— Chevv at a thread iiotil tlwir lip! found blijs — Joined iu the middle in a uoisy kiss. Or was it Ariel saug. or I'ncli that played Upon a llute made of a goose'* ipiill '! We knoH'uot, hut, niHthouglit, while Rome i chewed The scarf as though he fain would swall nv it, We heard an air that went to wo ds like these — Ucntly does it, you thould know ; Stall' not thus your thro.it ! fj.'iitle, gentle Komco, Do not be a goat ! Or, if your strange tiste doth so To eating clothei incline, Untitle, gentle Komco, J5 «t tlie-n oil' i line ! The sweet air ceased and Ko:nao told his tale. He Irath grown dee;i !r n' tlie voice oiclhin'ts, Through " trolling tavern e itches " i; may oe, Or he is not the Uouieo of our dreams. (jadznokf," exclaimed the signer of the Press, " If this be tbe new llnueo, llien I Will, with -he Demon, try another fill, And droivi] in drink toe memory of the l'ast.' So sayiug be stepped forth into the lUr, We after, where a maiden tall and fierce, With tlaxen hair and brows like Brunhild, ien\d, With tragic gesture, goes of gin for two. When we returned ouce more uuto our s^ats, Mereutio aud Tybalt both wure dead, Juliet was turning on the briny ieir, Aud Knneo was banished on his ear. The tomb-scene touched us most of all, for there Methought we did detect iu strange disguise A wall-known Signor, who, in brighter d iya, Wr ite verse, not wisely, perhaps, but too unwell, And might, pereliauce, he writing verses still, 15ufc pjunuts were his passion and his bane ; And so he came to this. We sivv him where, Upon the steps curled up, in gruesome way, The Dummy of the County Paris lay. There is more comedy, wc think, than woe In Potter's Juliet and Kyrle's Romeo. TUB Opera House still has ITA share Of folk who gaze With drowsy eyes, aud yawn, and swear, At ' Now-a-d lys." Still do the gibbering phantom? flit, Aud still amaze Tlie shudd'riug gallery and pit, III " Noiv-a -days." Still Rignold, large and red, doth talk 111 Yorkshire phrase — Too stout a ghost, by far, to walk In " Now-a-days. ' Still lumberetli slowly, sadly, on, Through mist and ba/.e Of sleeep anil weariness, the Yawn Called "Now-a-days." 0, William Rignold, dost thou think To run Bueh plays, And yet not drive the word to diink ? It cannot, sir, bp done—noways— Not Now-a-days. I'.S.—The foregoiug noble ode was, psrh.ips, uncalled for, as " Now-s days" is to give place to " Held by the Enemy "on Saturday night next. However, as it is written we will let it btind for the beneGt of Australiiu liter iture, which is, we notice, badly iu waul of stimulants just noiv. "Turned Up" is a play suitable for all constitu tions, specially fit for cold and gloomy weather. It cheers; in fact, it well nigh inebriates. It causes much laugher and applause, and thus keeps the jaws, hands and feet warm, and refreshes the whole being. It disarms criticism and simply leaves room for a bare statement it to the effect that fun is the object of the whole business, and that object is achieved. The play is now better than ever, for the cast is bettered in various places. Mr. Boucicault is able to make George Medway take his proper position in the performance, and the improvement in this one particular helps the show immensely. Mr. Bouci cault hustles his work along in true farce-comedy style, and his lightness and briskness infect the other people advantageously. Mr. Brough, how ever, has the chief task as fun-maker, and his Carraway Bones is an absurdity worthy to rank beside any stage creation of recent times. It would be impossible to criticise this sort of imper sonation, for it can be compared with nothing either in art or nature. It is solely and simply amusing. Mr. Anson has a natural bent for representing elderly gentlemen of the Captain Medway stamp. He plays the polygamous sea captain with great success. Mr. Ward does his level best with Steddam. The ladies are all well placed. Mrs. Brough is charming in quite impossible situa tions, and Miss Temple is a good substitute for the pleasing young lady whom we remember in connection with the character of Ada Baltic, Miss Bessie Major is noticeable for her heroic self effacement as the dark young lady, and the other people will pass without interference from us. The scenery is delightful. * * * ToDARKENfillliv IUlH.—I-Oikyor'iSillpliiir Hnir llesto cr is tin- quicker, be,t, *itr*t iiml tihmjn-n. i,artfe IwfciJe', ]s- Cd. Kvi'rywlu-r,-. " MAKTBK AND ,\l\NY' With the Hland Holt clan, linns as it ran Since it first began At the Alo'an- Dia Theatre, an' Will prolnbly run as long ai it can — Which, to judge by its paci In the present race, Will be nearly as lung as the Permanent Case; Lord help us ! Mil. lin.uss' excellent company at the Victoria Hall continue to diaw large attendances, and on every side the warmrst encomiums are lavished oil the manaeer for his ellorts in providing an entertainment free from any tiling approaching coarseness. Nothing could be belter than the singing of Mcssis-. tiilpin, Howe, Turner, Carroll, Holland, Spenec, Lawler and llrahani, or the end business of Heut, Whitburn, Sullivan and Franks. Sullivan and Silveni this week appeal' in a new "change," Franks and Marion iu fresh dances, the Leslie Urothers more musical marvels, all of which, together with a couple of black burlnsiiues, form a thoroughly enjoyable evening's entertainment. SLAW; Mor.iuv has Iwen drawing very large houses at the Gaiety Music Hall. We say Slade Murray, and we me an Slade Murray, for the fuct remains that mimix Mr. Murray there is scircely anybody else in the show. There is a lady first part, aud there arc other parts, lady and gentlemen : there are also one or two corner-men, a myriad of managers and a host of othe^1 people too numerous to mention ; but they've all been teen so often in Melbourne that Melbourne i; a-weary of. them. Music-ball goers know pretty well the whole of the songs, dances &c.;, so well that even they (the audience) could at the proverbial "moment's notice" goon and do any given turn without much effort. A noticeable exception may be made in the case of Mr. Wilkinson, a comedian who has creatcd a decidedly favourable impression, and whose presence, together with Slade, form the sole support of the show. In our evening's devotions at night-time wc fervently pray that the Gaiety success will continue, for wc have unem- ployed enough in our midst as it is and we'd hail with unfeigned sorrow a deputation of eha : r- warmers and a chorus of fifty beautiful ladies parading our principal thoroughfares en rouifl to the Government with a petition for employment. Mr, Murray and Mr. Wilkinson will appear agaia to-night and erery evening until further notice. W n or dry, there appears to I12 no falling oil' at the Waxworks, where the Phonograph continues to amuse and mystify pitrons. Professor Archibald's lectures, too, are not long-winded ora'ious; wc get just enough of it and not too much. With a civil and obliging stall' of attendants, with Mr. Phil Stuart as nimagcr, and with such a really good bill of fare, the Waxworks has little to fear from auy of the opposition shows. 