Doctor Spencor's Great- Crime. I was Kilting in my fifliic, half dozing over n interminable orticlo on nutrition io tbo last incdioal roviow. The firo in (bo grato waa low, tho night was stormy, nnd the clook was juab on tbo stroke of eleven. I yras about to turn off tbo gao ond retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in tho room coiiDCOtcd with ray oflico, when thero was a pull at tho bell. I started up cuddeoly, for this was something quito new. Middlobary was a deoorous sort of place, and the pcoplo usnally managed to bo taken otck at scavonablo hours. Old Mis. Jeromo had been threatening to dio for tbo past fivo years, and- every time I visited her sho solemnly informed mo that when tho de cisive moment did oomo sho doEirod mo proscnt. Bnt as nothing oilod the old lady beyond now ond then- an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been oalled upon to bo present at ber death. Now, I thought, it must be tbat old Mrs, Jeromo is going, - - 1 took op my night lamp and went to the door. A guot of strong, damp sleet wind noarly extinguished the light, but, shading it with ray hand, I' discerned tho face of a woman "Oomo in," I said, holding open tbo door. Sho dcolincd with a gesturo of im- natianfla 11 You must coxno out, and bo quick about it," sho said, iu sharp, decisive) voice I put ou my overcoat without demure, locked tbo.surgory door, and stopped into the otoxm. As I did so tho woman laid a firm bond on ray arm, and putting hor face closo to aloe, said : "Doctor Lookw&od;, can you keep a secret?" " I think so, madam." " Swear it.1' " is tbis scorct ot yours of a profetiaional character? ' That is, is it anything ycu wish to confide in mo as o medical man?" "Iti?." "VerywelMhen,lBwearil." "That »h ilht." A man respects an oath, though why ho should Is a mystery, sinco men's mouths are tanning ov.rwitb tbem. " Whither aro you tiking me, and for what purpose ?" "To tbo Clifton Hodsq to sco the mistress," was tho reply. I started Clifton liouro waa the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger lb every one (u Middlcbory. Bpcnccr was a tall, dark, ralbcr distinguished looking person,, who had hung out his sign iu tho villago only a few doers above mine, but as yet ho had no practice. Ho was unsociable iu tha extreme, avoidirg bi neighbors persistently, and when ho did Kpe&k; it was in so curt, half savngo a way tbat no one was likely to prolong iho conversation. Tho docicr had a wife, it was said, but no ono had cvfr seen her. She was an invalid, and Mios Meirocc, a friend ol tho family, presided over Iho house, and eat at tho head of tho table. Miss Mc-lroso was very beauti ful, and'won tbo admiration of all wbu visited Olilton llouso by her caso of manner and fascinating conversation. - "As wo walk along, let mo rxpfain to you just what is ticoessary for you to know. My mistress is very ill," faid my companion. " I beg your pardon—is it Mrs, Spencer or Mies Meiroeo?" " Miss Melrose 1 I would slab -hor to tho heart sooner than own tier for n mistress. "My mistress io a lady — noble,- royal and nf gcntlo birtb. It is an honor to servo her." " And is sbo ill? How long aicoo?" '' E «or sines sho married him — curco him I" she uiut'erod, in n fiercer tone ' " But I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two years Ago, through tho deolro of her dying father, Alico Hendon bo- oamo James Sponoer's wife. Before that she was n healthy, blooming girl ; immediately after their marriage sho began to fail. Do you poo anything strango in that 7" k"Not necoP8arUy." " Let mo enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at ono time engaged to Mies Luoillo Melrose, but ho broko tho engage ment, ahd mnxried my inlstrcss instead. Misa Melroso was as poor ab Job's turkoy. Miss Hendon tas an bcirces, and Dootor Bponcer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his oreditors Do you eeo anything straugo in that?" " Perhaps so. Goon." " When my raistrs mariicd Spencer sho was only eovontcon, and bad been taught to obey her father- in everything. Sim was a gentle, nftectionQto ohild, nnd it would havo been oasy for Spencer to havo won her love. But ho did not cara for tbat. It pAid his dobts nod bought himfnBt horses ; it set bis tablo with nioo and ocstly dinhe?, and put it in bis power to keep Mies Melroso rpJ„'?d liko a queen.. And all this time my mistress has boon elowly but surely sinking, nnd look yon, Dootor Lookwood, I thiuk she is not dying of 'disease, but of " —she lowered her voico to a whisper an sbo ppoko tho word "poison!" Imposeiblo I4 This Is a grave oliarge." " Of poison given her by ber husband, who, rit hor doatfi will havo tho colo control of her property and bo freo to marry Miss Melrose. Thero is no timo to explain the dotnjls of tbe thousand and ono eiroumstaceo which has Iodine to believe it, for ws aro almost at-tho door. It ia never tho oaso that Misa Melrose and Spencer arc out tho house at tho samo timo, or I should havo oalled a physioian be fore ; but to-night they aro both oalled away by tho death of Mies Melrose's sister, and will not bo book until to-morrow. With the consent omy mistress I oomo lor you, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I nursed hcr wheo her mother diod and loft her a hclploss infant ; all through hor innoaent youth sho was like an own ohild to me ; and now tosco her fading hourly boforo my oyes 1 Great Heaven ! If I know beyond a doubt tbat ho was guilty, his life should pay tl>o forlolt." I was already heginniug to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen hor, and liko her own nurso I was beginning to feel a dcop animosity for Doctor 'Spencer. Mrs. - Sponcor recoivcd mo in her bod- chamber. It was on tho second floor, nnd was furnished with e-xquiBitoolcgnnco. Evcrylhing in tho room bcopoko tho refined larlo of tho ocoupaut. Tho warm nir was fragrant with tbo odor of holiotropo, and glancing around I' saw tlio purple blossoms and greon lcavcs'in an alabaster vneo on tho edge of tho south window. Sho was a woman who, orioo seen, conld never ho forgotton. I havo met in my lifo many a beautiful woman, but nover ono eo lovely. Shri waa tall and straight, with a purely oval face, liquid brown oyes, and a dooh of hrotia in her cheek whioh is not scon in health. Sho roccivcd mo gracefully, as I know sho did every ono, nnd though thero was a slight embarrassment in her manner when 1 spoko of her illness, uboanswored my professional inquiries without hesita tion. As for myself, I laid aside all false delicacy and questioned her plainly on to her symp toms . Mrs. Ilurd, tho nurse, remained in tho room, and added many important items of information. When sho spoko of her husband it was with a eort of hopeless sadness whioh distresccd mo greatly. Not ri breath of suspicion against him waein her answers (o my ques tions, and I folt euro that at present bha know nothing ot snob serious apprehen sions. ' ' 1 was glad it was so, for, with lier" finely- strung organisation it might have produced serious results, I uiado my examination ol tho patient as closely no I could, and drew my own conchieu-np. I could havo sworn that Mrs. Hpcnccr daily swallowed amnio in small quantities, and. tho deadly drug was telling on her oonstituiiun. . tfho said, answering my questions, (hat nlio had no physioian except ber liinband. IIo tbought.hiixisclf better acquainted with hor ease, and therefore hotter qualified to treat . her. He never Jcftmcdicino for her to take : ho always brought it from bis ofilco aud administered it promptly. Tbero was little I could do. in snob a case. Anxious to do cvorythirg, tbo very circum stances of tho affair left mo nearly powerless. A charge of such noturo, of coureo, I could not mako against DootorSpencorwitbout tho proof. If I bintcd a suspicion overyono would Bet it down to my professional pre judice; and if I could not substantiate my statement tho dootor could make mo pay dearly for euob a slander -uttered against him. The only depcndcnco eccmed to bo in Mrs. Hurd. To hor I unbosomed myself freely. I told ber without rcservo tbat I thought Dr. Spencer wne killing his wifo by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to savo tho victim, and discover eomo proof by whioh wo can fasten tho guilt on bor hus band. Sho smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gavo her a powerful antidote for tbo poison 1 suspeotcd, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sloop that night, and all tho next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at (ho bell mado mo trembla— a ntcp on tho graval oat- eido my oflioo stopped ray breath, and I hardly know what i expected to hear I felt euro (hatlehould hear something beforo I slept, And now I mast tell tho story as it was told to me. Dootcr Sp&nccr; returned homo tbomornlng after my visit io tho Clifton Houso. Ho looked wretchedly, tho nurs&Baid; ; appeared gloomy nnd depressed. Miss Mfli'ioec oamo with him, and looked decorously saa over tho death ot ber eietcr. Women of ber stamp always do mourn to perfection. Tboy noitbor overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling aro likely to do. Doctor Spencer oamo at once to'blo wito'a chamber. Ho thought tbatehe looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at occo, eayiog ho would go and fotcli it. v You aro always orderiog cordials tor hor," said Mrs. Hurd, musingly- " Why not tako something yourself? You look liko a ghost 1" , . Doctor Spc-nccr eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : " I think I will tako eomo of tbo cordial myself, fori do not fcol quits well. Alico dear, fchall 1 bring it hero and drink your health ?" Mrs. Bpcnccr smiled sadly in assent— sho never disputed her husband— and ho went cat. Presently he returned with two glasses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mrs. Ilurd was watching him with her heart in her tbroAt, lor sho told mo that she felt tho dccisivo moment had eomo. Tbero was something in tho grey pallor of tho , doctor's rigid face tbat told her of a dcrpcr- atu purpose in Iho man's soul. Ho lifted tho glass to tho right of tbo troy and gavo it to his wife. " Drink it, dear," ho said, " IPs a panacea for all evils. I am also going to tako a glass of it," and lis pointed to tbo glass still on tho tray, _ » Mrs, Spencer accepted, .and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd Interrupted. " If you will bring bor a tumbler of water, dootor. Mrs. Bpcnccr complains that tho oordial leaves a bad taste;ttrbr mooth, and nv old bones aro ao full ol rheumatism that it nearly kills una to go dowp stairs." - The doctor turned ahd.bcnt on her o look os though he meant to read her through. But sho kept her faco passive. If bo had any suspicions her manner quieted tbem, ana putting down tho glaBS he left tbo room. Then Mrs. Hurd ohanged tho position of tbo glasses. When bo oamo baok— and ho was gone bat a moment— tbo nurso Btood exaetly wbcrobe bad left ber, and Mrs. Bpenoer was lying back in ber obair with ber oyes closed. Again ho lifted tbu glass— this £imo it was tho ono intended for hlmsolf— and placed it at tbo lipQ of bis wifo. Sbo sv/illowcd tbo contents, drank n Iittlo of tbo water bo brought ber, and thanked bim in. hor sad aweet way. "Now for my own cordiaT," lic said, with effected gaiety.- " I indulgo in something stronger," As bs spoko bo tossed off th'dmixlure. 11 It mado ma stono cold to iny fingers' onda to sco him do it," said Mrs. Ilurd, re lating tbo oircumetauco to mo, " but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued liko this : 1 If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; if it was poison, bis blood would be upon bis own sinful head.'" He wont to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In tbo morning (hey found bim dead. I was oalled to tbe fosi-moricm examination, and wo discovered in tho stomach of tbo doooaucd & saffioient quantity of n deadly poison known to modern Boionco to kill bait a dozen men. My brothor pbysioi&ns; agreed that tho man wab Insano, and had probably taken tbe do&a; in ono of hiB unsettled fits of mind. I did not disputo them, but, even beforo Mrs. Hurd told hor story, I had my own theory ns to tbo cause of bis death. Thero was no pnblio ex posure, however. Mrs, Hurd and I agreed tbat it would profit no ono to mako tbo wretohed affair public, and so wo kept our own counEcl. - ' . Miss Melrose, in epito- of my aohvlction that sho bad an active part in tbo conspiracy against Mrs. Spenoor'o lifo, I could not help pitying. Buoha miserable, worn, and bQggQx'd faco as hero I havo never seen, aud when they buried Dootor Spencer sbo was confined to her bod with brain fever. I attended bor in bor illuess, but, though sbo recovered in health, obo was never hcreolf sgain. duo was a oarmicEB maniao, wnoso delight was in gatboring flowers and dcoora- tiug tbo doctor's grave with them. Sbo is living still, and still gathors flowers and lays tbem on tbat grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no ono over pretends to understand. Not nntil Mrs. Spenoor had many days boon my wifo, and tho faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under tho violets, did Alice know Uia perfidy of her formor husband. When I told hor, after tbo first shook waa over, olio crept iuto my armo»and whis pered : "But it it bed not bcon for James' crimo I nbould not havo found you, Herbert. So good somotimoo comco out of evil." What ia tbo reason tbat all children aro goniuocH— though tboy contrivo so. soon to outgrow that dnngcrous quality— exoept tbat tboy never orosS'Cxaniino themselves on tho' subject? Tho moment that proooen begins, their spocoh loooa its gift of unoxpeotodness, ond tboy bccomo cu tediously impertinent aa the rest olua. Practical npplioation is tbo only mordant wbioh will set things in tbo memory. Study, without it, Is gymnastics, nnd not work, which alono will gob intellectual bread, No ono can aok honestly or hopefully to bo delivered from temptation unices bo has himself honestly and firmly determined to do' tho host ho oan to loop out of it. A man 'will bo behind while ho follows a leader, and willcomprchcnd the ccneo of his own cxiot&noo; only wbon bo goes inde pendent. Natuiu: is upheld by antogoninm. Pasniono, rcBistanco, danger, nro cduoators. Woacquiro tbo strength wo bavo overcome. Treat all mon and women considerately and you will ho eurpriecd at tho dividends that eomo to you daily and yearly. It in a wiso rule to tuko tho world as wo fiud it,. not always to leave it eo, 