©lriij3 a « h n & ss . The labour question : " Is it six o'clock yet ?" It is an anomalous fact that wooden heads do not produce the thoughts that burn. A man is not only known by the company he keeps but by the cigars he gives away. The Dublin gravediggerebave struck. This is Bad, and we hope they will soon " bury" their differences. Anticipation. — Mother mournfully : My dear Charlie, v. hat would you do if tbappeued to die ? Little Charlie eager- iy : I'd eat all the sugar. The one thing needed to put a person of prominence on a level with Kings and Queens is to be shot at a few times. \ De Ropp : so you went geologising. \+ Did you find any quarta ? De Roll : No ; but we had a good time. We took several quarts with us. Reporter : Why were you compelled to leave your native town 1 Rich man : Because I offered to present it with a public drinking fountain. Prospective tenant : Yon advertised that this was a three storey house, but I only see two storeys. Landlord : The other is a ghost story, sir. " You mean to say the whole pile of lumber fell on you and you were not hurt ?" " Yes ; but you must remem ber it was not hard wood." Friend : let me suggest an arrangement by which yon can prevent your articles being returned. Author :Well ? Friend: Don't enclose any stamps. Contribution by Our Own Cockney Comic. — " Without visible means of sub sistence" — The barber, seeing that he lives upon 'ai/\ A barber in China is said to shave without lather. This reminds us of the schoolmaster who used to lather without shaving. The Critical Moment. — Hesitating patient at the door of a dentist's : If I were only quite certain that the dentist was out I would ring the bell. ' So your intended is really a beauty eb ?" " A beauty ? Yes, indeed. Why 6he even looks handsome in an amateur photograph." The following toast was given at a public dinner in the nutmeg-producing State of Connecticut— viz., "KTlie Nut meg State— where shall we find the -grater ?" " Please, ma'am, can't you give tne some dinner ? I haven't had a hit all day." " But you have a pie there in your pocket." " That's for desert ma'am. At a concei t a vocalist began to sing, " Should auld accquaintance be forgot" when the house was set in a roar by someone who squeaked out in a piping voice," " Nt if they've got money." With a potato famine impending, Pat may soon be miuus his breakfast, and 4 his dinner. The other meal isn't worth ' mentioning, as Ireland haB got quite used to ioaeing along without tbe absent- ice. » Landlord : I want to tell you before you move in that I like to have the v rent paid promptly on the first day of tfeach month. Tenant : lhat's the way am. Either punctually or not at all. , Lucy : Mr. Paidupp careless in money matters, Charlie ! 'hj> I el- ways thought him so particular. Charlie: Not a bit of it. He no sooner gets a few pounds than he goes and squanders it all paying his debts. Under the laws of China the adult who loses his temper in a discussion is sent to gaol for five days to cool down. If' that were the law in Britain, some men would spend about five days every week in prison. At a village school. — Teacher : Now each of you boys give a sentence, and then wo will turn it into the imperative form. Michael : The horse draws the cart.' Teacher: There, put that in the imperative. Michael: Gee-up. W. : Mudge tells me he had a tough time of it during his holiday. Says he had to borrow money to get home with. Y He was in better luck than I was for I was the mnn who had to lend it to him. Awkwardly Put. — "Mein Fraulein, you look most charming to-day." "You are a fbiUorer: I don't believe you." "'Pon honour, it is perfectly correct. I positively did not recognise you at first." A recent analytical statement tells us that whiskey is largely adulterated with water. Our own blue ribbouist, how ever says that whiskey is not adulterated with waier to anything like the extent that watjr is adulterated with whiskey. Mr. DumpBey, reading: Scientific men have come to the conclusion that the men of the future will be without hair and without teeth. Johnny Dumpsey, interrupting: Is'nt grandpa a uian of the future, then papa ? Miss James : " I'm glad you like my new photographs, Major Brownlow." " Oh, they're capital. But, you know, the man you ought to go to is Hodg- kinson. He's got a wonderful knack of caking quite a plain fuee look iduuBb beautiful." Little Girl, to visitor, whose business is in a shaky condition : I say, Mr. Brown, you don't know how to swim do you ? Brown : No, I can't swim at all. Girl: I thought you couldn't switu, because I heard papa say the other day that you had a great deal of trouble in keeping your head above water. " What is your name 9 ' asked a teacher of a boy. " My name ib Jule," was the reply; whereupon tho teacher impressively said, " You should have said Julius, sir. And, now, my lad," turning to another boy, " what is your name ?" " Bilious, sir." Silversmith, to his new porter, who has just ceased polishing silver-ware and appears to bo involved in deep thought : James, why don't you hurry ? What are you thinking about ? Porter : I was thinking what a pile of silverware that man Sterling has made. Mrs. Watts: "Mr. Watts and I make it a rule never to quarrel before the children. If we have an argument with each other, we always send them out of the room." Mrs. Potts : " I have often wondered why your children were out on the street so mnch more than other people's." Inexperienced widow writing an ad vertisement for boarders : How will thii do at the end, Miranda ? "All the comforts of a homo." Experienced Daughter : That's good mother, but you can make it stronger yet. Put it, " All the comforts of the club," and in a week there won be a room left vacant in the house. One day a boy got a sum to do. His master was very strict, and would not pass anything unless it was perfect. When the sum was done tho boy took it to the master, who found it to be two pence-halfpenny wrong. " Go back to your seat and do it correctly," cried the enraged master. " Please, sir," said the boy, handing kirn two- pence-halfpenny, " 1 would rather pay the difference." Seeue— near Ballock ; a party out shooting rabbits. Laird, handing his bottle to a bashful gamekeeper : Here, my man, take a hair. tjamekoeper : Hech, Bir, I canna drink oot o' a bottle. Laird : Toots, man, try. Gnraekeeper, after neaily emptying it: Tk-thanks,. sir. Laird satirically, eyeing the nearly emfty bottle: And you can't drink out of a bottle ? Man, you would socu learn ! "Papa," said the young mother, " I've decided on a name for the baby ; we will call her Imogen." Papa was lost in thought for a few minutes ; he did not like the name, but if he opposed it his wife would have her own way. " lhat's nice," said he, presently. " My first sweetheart was named Imogen, and she will take it as a compliment." " We will call her Mary, after my mother," was the stern reply. A late eminent Scotch judge, who was fond of country sports, having one day entered a field of turnips in pursuit of game,, the farmer, on seeing him, ordered him out with all. possible speed. As the farmer spoke in an angry and excited mauuer the sportsman said : " You surely are not aware to whom you are speaking. I am the Lord J ustice Clerk." " I'm no caring," said tho farmer, " wluise clerk ye are. Ye'll come ooto' my field." Mind reading. Dinguss : Hello ! Shadbolt. How are yon ? By the way, Shad, have you seen that big alligator down at ? Shadbolt cutting him short : No, Dinguss, I heaven'fc seen it, but I know what it was going to lead up" to. Alligators have hides, their hide6 make nice leather, the leather is made up into pocbetbooks, and pocket- books hold money. I haven't a cent to spare this time. Good morning, Dinguss. A widower married a second time and his choice was a wealthy lady about fifty years of ago. When the bride aod bridegroom returned home from the wedding, the husband, introduced his wife to the children, said, " My dear children, kiss this lady. She ib the new mamma I promised to bring you. Alter taking n steady look at the " new mamma," little Charlie said, " Pa, you have been cheated ! She isn't new at all !" 