CARDINAL MANNING. (BD W. T. STr.ADn, i ".Tir RE?IE~ 01' Itrvsrews.") outvxit caouwar?t.. It will probably surprise mnost people when I say that tie first conversation I ever hail with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiclly be cause of the eulogy whith he pronounced on thecharacter of Cromwell. I am anIntdepen dent, and the son of an Indopendent, and I am proud to belon l to a de?ominuation which can bn~ist the Lord 'rotector as its Iem.Saint. IIis portrait, painted on an oak panelof the' seven tecnth century, looks down upon nme froml the walls of uiy new sanctum : and his day of " double victory uud death" (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as one of the red letter days of lay year. In the course of a long and interesting conversation the nanme of Oliver was mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a Itoman Cardinil. " You are mistaken," said hI; " you are thinking only af Ireland, and what he did there. I put thiateatirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian. lut is a Moslem. But, looking at himt apart from that Irish expcdi tion. I have always regarded Oliver Croumwell os the greatest matt ever produced by the liiglish race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Im perial destinies of Engluand abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the cont men people at hoace." As it is much more to me to be in agreemeint with any one about Cromwell than to agree about tile dogma of infallilility, '. Angliun friend, to whom I re peated the remark, snecred ashe repliod, "How Sadmtiro the wily Cardinal, and how well lie knew his bird." " OLIVER CROMWELL IS NOT DEAD." Cardinal Manning never " puts on side." There are those who say that in dealing with mon of his own faith he is mnore of the Prince of the Church than he is with those who are of other communions. But so far as I. have seen hi li h has always boeen the same-genial anud hospitable. I have seen him at all hours between 10 and 10, and nover foun I him dis turbed by my intrusion. Posibly if people cidled upon hum merely for gossip he might be different.. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, and have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. - Speaking one day of hts position in England to a visitor from Ronme the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. Ho drew tuito iau ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said : " My priests are a very de voted body of men, but so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I someotimes think that we are even too well thought of in Euigland. But," said he, afterwards, ".I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothiug for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I wore to claim to exercise any Superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which was not possessel by anyone else, what it storm there would hoe! Nover forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and atany moment he may wake up." NONONFORMISTS AND ANGLICANOL The Cardinal, ache has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Iome because hlie believed that there alonoe could be found ab. solute certainty. As ther seems to bho notlling more absolutely certain in the world thant that the Church hils been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always beooe wide room for dischasion. Dut to the Cardinal the Nonconformists are nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli cans ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest sire the Quakers. Thle Quakers, ho has fro quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the lHoly Ghost. "They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." HIo was partica Inrly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker. like character of the service of the Catholic Church. The mornsing Mars is a Quakers' meoting plus a genuilecting celobrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. dAe quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some ono lighitly predict the coming downfall of England, re marked--" If you know England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will cniabhle Entglsand to pass safely througherises which have overwhelmed other empires." lIS LOVE Von CIHILDUEN. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When lie speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, hio differs from the normal priest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wife. lose. Cardinal Mauning has been married. Hl has had a .home. lie is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss froah the lives of other men. His love for childlren with him du abiding pas sion, and it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympath yetweer him and MIi. Waugh, the iudefaltigabl director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordinarily nmisrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh thattho Cardinal published " The Child of the English Savage"-that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of our people to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her In tention- to become patron of SIr. VWaugh's society; and in the Cardinal Mr. Waughlhas found from first to last an energetic and in. valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Manoy have been the speculations as to the Igurlr which tile Cardinal will make in history. Some Ihave pictured him as the tribune of tlse poor, others as ans incipient Hlildebrand, others as a nineteenth-century Loyola, butI prefer to think of him as the loving".hearted old man, who, when his heart is filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, fooeels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in thenamo of Him who' said, " Suffer tile little childroen to comeo unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." Ix 1885.' During tlse time of the agitation that led to tile passing of the Criminal' Law Anmenulentt Act in ISSi the Cardisal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength antd unfailing help ii every time of need. It was lte who suggested the alansionu-houso Colnmitteo, on which he subso quently served, and he covered me as with a shield by Isis generous atnd his unstitael sup port. I remember at an early stago i llthepro ccdings I remarked with a smile that I might find myself in- guol before tie wtork was doie. He remaorked--" Well, if so, I will coume atd cee you there." lie was not well enouugh that dii rnal antd foggy wister to come to Holloway, nor was there any nleed, for the imprisonment which I had anticipated was of i very different kind to that which I actually oljoyed. What was feared was that before thie work was done, swhel no oio understood what was aimed at, I mighihavo been run in cand punished as if I Iaul actually committed the crime I was seek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend mnent Act was passed, the subeelutent trial and imprisonment did not count. Tihe onily purpose whlich they served was to immeasurably in. crease the Imnpression produced by tlhe original revclations, andt force one out of an alnonymnity which until then hIad been so strictly guarded that my nameuo was hardly known to anyone beyond miy family and professional circle. Cer tnailly 1o beiefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as the process by whichl it was sought to crushlino. Diti it was a trying time while it lasted, aLd tilhe Cardinal stool by me thlrough it all in face of a storm of obloquy which would have daunted maost men. 1 look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the in numerable frields, most of them boefore un known, who supported me with a zeal and cn thuslasm which I was far from deserving. And among imy Catholic sulilorters there was none so staunlch and true as the Cardinal. The first letter whlichl I received ill Coldbathl Fields prison, which was given me at a tinme when I was forbidden to receive any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greetinlg which it was well worth having gonIe to gaol to receive. " Novemcber 11, 1885. " My Dear Mr. Stead,--' All things work together for good to tlhemn that love God.' You have served I lim witllh a singlle cye. And the work has beet done cs you wrote on the sen tcnce. Nosentelc canl undoit. You quoted my words in the North. You have now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer for elrrors of judglient and a literal breach of the law whicr left the moral life of Englaund alhuost withost defence. I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly sces theroughl the ntimonities against you that I believe what has oew befallen will wcork some unforesccn and greater good foryour consolation. VWhatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done. May God give you His peacue.-- Ilclieveo me, olwaysyours very faithfully, IlwILYu E., Card. Archlbp." Nobly did hofulfil his promise. Never have I lapoaledl to him from that tiuse to this to help mo in any work in which we were of one mihld that I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. AN IMPEIIAL ,eNGLISIN.-?s . When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk conlceroing those Englishmen who really chroed for the Empire andl believed in England, and were capableo.f taking wide views. In my list of those who nuswered'to I that dbscription I pat thle Cardinal at thb tolp. A .trarr:patriotu never breathlod .-Englbh air.hla During?tll thb years that I'.haa known him there his never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect herat tI homo that be has not been in the forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the develop moent of the volnutocre, the cheapeniug of post age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal In one respect undoubtedly Roin has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It faimi farises tmea with the coneoptiont of the world as a whole, which delivers themt from parcel ialism. You see this in any IJish riedst who was educated abroad ; you fcelit at every turn in the Arehblishop's palace. But tlthouih the Cardinal corresponds crvery week in Latin, French, and Italist, he only thinks in English. Ito oombint the spirit of a Paltuerston with the philanthropy of a Shaftesburv, and mingles with both a tenderness and cpatience atnd kindly sympathy for the like of which I look i.vainu among other men. IXI]TErt-IIALL IN A RED HAT. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialist never blind himt to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. He is a Ioane itulor to the heart's core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people us Cardinal Meanning. Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Couucil the Irish hilhops seem tostand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lauds. When their faults come to light, he ex cuses them on the ground of the oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', dthoir virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholie Church, which counts the chil dren of St. Patrice as its missionary nation. When Archtlbishop W'alkh was being vehe mintly abused, he hastened plhlicly to take tls stand by his side and identify hImself with his Irisa brother. For Archbishop Croke le has always entertainted a deepi persolal veneration. But ailthough he is strong for Heimo Rule he has constantly set his face as a tlint against the dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when in an evil hour ,ir. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members front Wostmifistor. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter.hall under a cardinal's lihat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suplpression of the slave trade. the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limiteil to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from mue to pry into the mysteries of the Curia; but it is an open secret that Cardinal fanning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. THE CHlISTIAN SOCI..LIST. The Social question is to Cardinal 3fauning the question of questions. Tithe condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re moval of their temptations-all questions reo lating to the amelioration of their lot-are con stantly. with .him. Ho is in hiot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that "1 starving eats hias a natural right to his neigh. hour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro. perty." They must know little of life, he is constantly remeinding us, " who do not know whitt ruint of men and women comes from the straits, of poverty." There is an admirable article in t the third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled " A. Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spiritof Him who came to seek and to save those who are .lost. - or is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the. dockers' strike- of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in publieomomory-hie only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale. 