POINTS, ' Tub' members of the Toombul Divisional Board do not oall one another liars, bnt thoy get there jnat tho same. 1 ' If the Minister for Works would only attend one of their meetings, ho would require no other argument to &ow; that separation was . absolutely neoossary. As present the board are divided into a virtuous four and a wiokod fivo, or vie. viraa , on the eubjoot of separation. : The virtuous four say that those who signod tho petition, but aro now against it, hare been .induced to alter their minds by misrepresenta- "tion and direot falsehoods. The wloked five, on the other hand, as heoomce them, reply, "You're another." In the midst of their wrangling, however, they very neai ly let the matter Blip out of their hands, as the Minister Bnddcnly dropped on them, and gave them a week to inako up their noinde. Tub nnseomly wrangling which took place "last night on tho separation qaestion was posi tively dynamitical. Mbhbbes attacked esoh other, and tho lie direot was frequently given. Yet apparently no one's temper was raffled, all the membera being quite aoouetomed to eueh language. M'Donauo made a motion which was a nega tive motion. Yet Widdop proposed an amend ment on it, and the chairman accepted it. And farther put it, and deolored it oairied. A bevbuend gentleman recently Btatod in an impressive manner during a debate in the An- . glican Synod that sense goes a long way in an argument. Of course he meant to be sarcastic, and to ahrivelnp someone who was opposiog a pet theory. The rev. gentleman was perfectly correot. "Cents", do go along way in rengiousassemblies, bnt the doctor has noticed that there is an end to their influence. Just as soon as the dollars begin to arrive tho cents takeja back seat and remain there for the zest of the evening. " Table Talk " for Maroh heads an inter esting article 41 How to live 'on 1,000 dollars a year." The question whioh interests the majority, the Doctor would point out, is not how it can be spent, hat how it oan be got hold of. The commercial colnmn of the "Moulder" stated that butter was dull at Roma. This is not surprising news. It is always <inl, fearfully dull, in- that great city, and if butter ohooses to go there, it is its own fanlt if -it doesn't feel cheerfnl on it. -Shaeesfeabe has been about played ont — or to speak from a dramatio point of view, does not .get a ohance to play out nowadays. An amateur dramatic company staged . " Othello" down in Sydney reoentiy in aid of a -oharitable institution, and the committee had to pnt their hands deep into their pookets to pay the necessary expenses. A DBAs gushing young thing on a tramoar was lately heard to say to a friend, "Oh, no, I am not mercenary, bnt it would be a pleasant surprise to fade away into nothing and to be "born again qnite rioh." - Pebhafs ehe will attain her wish bo far as the fading away is concerned, bat as to the ziehes the doctor can't say. It is a curious 'faot, hut nevertheless a "true fact," that some are born to riohes, some achieve riohes, whilo others beoome journalists. Ix may ho taken as a generally sound truth that the man who has nothing else to do bat loaf ronnd, calling out for a ohange of Govern ment, wonld be considerably improved by a ohange of linen. A sew Amerioan pley is oalled " Types." The Doctor is afraid that it will not prove a -mighty snooess. % These will be too many " sticks "in it, and -the probability is that the unfortunate manager will get stnok. The m»n who sells brain pills sends a box to ' Dr. Points to rejuvenate him. The pills may he allright, hut their suggested -effect on the Doctor iB unnecessary. Ho is evergreen. Ix may or it may not ho so, hut it is said that the famine in China continues bo great that it is related that recently a party of beggars ar rived at Ticn- tsin from one of the worst affeoted districts with baskets fall of little girls for sale. Fine weather is foreoast by Mr. Wragge and our Dr. Points. It will therefore B. Ix comes upon us like a holt from the bine -that Parliament opens (its mouth) on Tuesday next. Paeiiament men have had a long spell ; 221 days. They should he as fresh as larks. All that time they have boon drawing £26 a month ont of an impeounious Treasury. The Anglican Churoh muBt oe a ohuroh militant, for yesterday they dealt with a number of canons. The Chief Tnstioe did not say what Mr. Pinnock ought to do ; he said what Mr. Pinaook probably would do. Wool is dearer hut blankets " is" no dearer, cold as the weather is. The Scottish Association danced on Tuesday and felt well on it. Bboxheb Baekbbson read a paper at the Hand of Affcotion Lodge meeting. It was the Telegraph. The companies entitled to carry on banking hnsinrss are aleo expected to make banking zetnrns, it seems. Verb. eap. Thieves either inside or ontside robbed the Australian Hotel. If ontside, they broke in to do it ; and if in side, they broke out when they had done it. Taken in? No; not the man who was late at the Opera House last night ; he oould not ho taken in. Too LfiQoadive Islands have besn suffering Ytein a plague of rats, which were are destroy ing the cocoanut plantation. The islanders treated the rats to a diet of lice, powdered with plaBter-of-paiis. When the rat drank after eating, the plaster hardened and the xat became useless. :Thb bar was orowded, so an elderly party Baid to a small boy: "Oome, my little man, I guess you will let mo have your seat?" Bmall boy, " Guess-again." Eldbblev party, 41 What ! You won't give it up? Wonldn'tyou give it np to your father if he jcamein?" Bmallboy, "You just bet yonr life I would. I wouldn't ride with no ghost." Hebe is a warning to yonng sooioty folk : A « When once sooial ambition "-.as taken f oil pos- cession of the sonl of a human being (says the Jlpeeh), it means death and destruction to all that is good and worthy in thut being." ' An Amorioan journal says : " OarlLumholz, the natnraliBt, in his new beok ' Among Can- nibale (man-eating savages in the interior of West Australia), says that tho savagos find tho . flesh of the whito man too sally for their taste, bnt they ere fond of vegetable-fed Chinamen." Is was np Town8villo way that Carl found ' the Australian man-oaters. Wandbbinq about there Oarl found plots of ground on whioh no white man had set his toot. So ho says. Tub Prinoe Regent of Bavaria has been granted a pension of £800 by tho German Em peror to keep up his dignity. Ic cannot he a weighty affair if supported by that slender prop. Citizen r So you think of locating hero P Thyeioinn : Yes. I thought some of practising among you. Citizen : See here,- yonng man, there is a good opening here for a men a-j un- -derstandshiabiz, but we don't wont qo prao- tioing, or experimenting— dootoiing's what we -want ! i The Freuoh exhibition, whioh is about to be opened at Earl's Oontt, will i'lustrate the arts) inventions, produots, and resources of France and her ooldnies, ana will, it is raid, include many of tho best objeota shown at the Paris exhibition of lust year. 