licciycs roun max's cixoeu snaps. Molasses, one cup; butter, two tablespoon fuls; ginger, one tablespoonful; ecus, ons tablespoon fu!; Hour enough to roll out thin. Boil tho treacle and stir in the butter, ginger and soda rolled fine, and stir in the liour while hot; roli thin, out and buke. naorran w-:curr. E’en housewives tho most thrifty unawareB At timea cro tnkon, when the varied cares Of life upon their souls as heavy Bit As did the ghosts on Biobsrd’s. Then most fit For all who care their troubled state to cheer, And change to jocund smiles the starting A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there is not a crumb Prepared to eat. Then it is well to know A recipe like this I give below. Take one pint floor, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the flour. And then you A teaspoonful besides of lard. And make Your dough, with milk administered, to bo Of mush (jWmusb), the samo consistency, Then drop (small quantities) into tho pan, And have your oven just the heat (you can) To make the biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do ! And you will say, I know, “ Oar thanks to ^ ' IjTUED APPLE DUjiPLINGS. - .. One pint of dried apples, cut, ouo-haiJ pint of sweet milk, two teaspoonfuls of bak ing powder and ono tablespoonful of butter or lard. TJso flour sufficient to mako into small biscuits, and drop into boiling water and boil quickly fill tho apples are done. Cut tho apples into Bmall bits with scissors, and soak in warm water boforo making. Eat with cream sauce flavored with nutmeg. CIIICICEN TIE. Single and parboil a pair of chickens, out them up and cook till quite tender. Uncover when nearly dono and let tha water boil nway till reduced one-half. Line a large, deep pan with biseuit dough mado very short and rolled about an inoh thick, and put in the chicken out into finer pieces, with butter, salt, pepper, a dredging of flour, and their own gravy. Cover Gud bako till tha upper crust is brown. Serve with mashed potato. if.isii STEW. , Cut two pounds of the neck of mutton i into small pieces, put it into a kettle with one onion sliced and a bunch of pot herbs j nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfuls of rice, simmer j ten minutes, add two potatoes cut into dice, | and while they are cooking ten minutes looser, make your dumplings. Pat a pint of [ flour into a bowl, add a teaspoonlul of salt and a heaping teaepoonful of baking powder, | moisten this with about a gill of milk ; the | dough must bo. soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of tho stew, cover tho kettle, boil ten minutes, season and eerve. light nouou nuitPLixns. Make, very-light, bread-dough into small balls tho size of eggs. Have ready a pot of water, boiling fast. Drop in the dumplings, take cafe to bayo Ufe water more than cover them. Cover the pot and boil for twenty minutes steadily, without lining the cover. If it stops boiling for a moment, the dump lings will be heavy. Serve hot with butter and sugar for dessert. 