TEI.ENCE O'DONOGHUE. -0 A GHOST STORY. \--o- t B H..O. A. His first situation was chainman to a survey party, I the scene of whose labours was far away among the b rugged hills, boulded pasaes, and wild scenery of a the mountain ranges in the North Gippaland f; district. He was a poor Irish boy, new to the country, new I to the customs, new to the smart, tricky, colonial youths who outvied each other, in the fabulous - storis they poured into his simple ears, and for the trathof which they so unblushingly vouched. - And-of all po'itions of the colony in which to . start to gain his colonial experience, this one of chainman to a survey party was the wors He fell into the hands of Philistines. The day's work over, there was nothing to do t but amuse themseives, so they would sit around the camp fire and play games. The first night wasu enough for lerence. It satisfied him, and he yearned not for more games. They set him to hide spoons which they were to eearch for. When he went away to hide the rast the second one was male red-hot. He returned and took it up, but dropped it with a. yell. of Pain. Then one hid an egg on him, amidst assurance of ' no more larks,' which another was to search for. Where would he hide it ? What better place than under the soft hat, and on, I'm afraid, the soft head of Terence O'Donoghue. There was it secreted. The searcher returned. He felt the pockets and sleeves of his dupe; he even examined the boots. No, he could not find it; but wait a minute, Here---Down came a heavy hand on Terence's head- squash went an egg. Every night there was a new experience; they called them ' revelations.' But though hii stock of good humour seemed inexhaustible, once they went -too far-and caught a Tartar. ' One of them, a lad named Charles Henry, pro duced boxing gloves, and' Terence was induced to don a pair With the usual professional' touch, Henry shook, hands with his right, and` at the I same time smote Terence on the nose with his left. This seemed manifestly unjust to the Irish boy's' mind, unillumined as to the etiquette of such things and he' sailed in.'. Henry's scientific defence was as nough, to the onslaught he provoked, and the blows rained on him with sledge hammer force; and though 'I cannot i give a minute discription of all that transpired, suffice it to say Henry was soon satisfied-that is; if anyone can gain satisfaction by being thrashed and he was glad, indeed, to call peceari. But revenge had to come. The worm, with audacity inconceivable, had, turned, but the worm cannot be forgiven, however justified it may be, for turning. It must be punished, and it was attempted,. in this way, £erencebad to journey to the little town three miles distant for a supply of meat. To do. so it was necessary he should go through a place' called Murderer's Pass. It was here the body of a man named Foster had been found, a few months before, dead, with a knife buried in it up to the haft. The murderer Had never been brought to'justice. Foster was known to have possessed'a large stock' . of jeweller., which he had been hawking through the neighbourhood for some time prior to this. The zealous Constable Henry, a terror to evildoers in the mountains, and;the father of the'youth I have alluded to, with the help of detectives from Mel bourne, had scoured the country, arrested shady characters, searched selectors' houses, turned ,over, it seemed, every stonein the.locality, but all to no purpose. It was a mystery. unfathomable. There was absolutely no clue, and the old saw,' murder will out,' seemed, indeed, to be a broken. one. It was past this place Terence had to. wend his way. andthough it was as yetearly.in the evening, his heart stood still until his rapid strides. left the scene of the tragedy far behind ; and he could not repress the dread of the thought of the returning; when the night would be far advanced, and the time possibly the most awful hour of midnight. And well he might, for there, waiting for him, hour by hour, crouching behind a prone log,wrapped in a flowing white garment, was his whilomi friend or enemy, Charles Henry. The latter had a long wait. At first he was jubiait at the thought of Ter'nce's terror, but afterwards; becominggraduaily impresed with the lonely, desolate character of the ill-fated neigh bourhood, he felt anything but comfortable. Austrd1"ns are not prone to such impressions, and ie ted fastr-of-fact for ghostly fancies, and yet Henry felt a new, nervous, creeping feeling steal. ing, oer-him that would-h-ve gone'far toinake him aban'donfi?is project were it not for the jeers he wouild crtainly get from his companions on his pre~ftute return to the camp. ~ Atjast he heard a sound of footsteps. Peering from his. dingnplace, he saw the. form of a man appt i1 ..- S:in his'excitemeatnti drdc- id~eo-b - I-. ... that the a na was more atealty ndt the fgure more bent than that of the youngIrisliman. ' Is Terence mad,' he soliloquised, as he saw the form suddenly bend low and enter some bushes. Then a great stone was loosened and started ricochetting from ,bdulder'to toulder down the pass. The time had arrived, he thought, for repaying his successful adversary. Risingona the log, his white robe gliotening and ghastly in the moonlight, ,oneartm extended- towards the figuie below him, the Aigers outstretched, he began, in tones sepulchral and 16I; =slowly and distinctly, the following worAs : '?our hour has come ! Oh, man; I, the spirit of murdered Foster, have come to earth to seek A terrible shriek broke the stillness of the night a scream of auguiah and terror-the hoarse, wild cry that niight come from the lips of a being hurled into the regions of unavailing despair. It fell on the ears of the horrified youth. It rang through the glen, and awoke echoes that were re- echoed in horrible combinations from distant hil a. Something impelled him away.. Terrified beyond all measure he ltied from the pass, through scrub and over ferns, with the wild,_unearthly sound ringing in his cars as though it would bh a torment there to the day of his doom. Tihe merry whistle of Terence O'Donoghue died away on his lips as he neared Murderer's Pass. Ashe expected, the liour was midnight, and he felt he would give a year of bhi young life to be past the horrible:.plaeo., Terrible, old world stories of banshees and wills-of-the-wisp he conjured up; tales of old women crouching around turf fires in bog-side cabins in a far-away land, that made his breath come and go in short, quick gasps, and his heart sick with the remembrance. Conceive his horror, then, when he heard, pre ceeding from the dark shadows of the pats, sounds weird and unearthly, unintelligible words, and I inhuman mutteriugs. - lie restrained the impulse to fly. Does it follow a nervous man is always a coward ? No, certainly not. HIe paused, and seeming to fortify his simple soul with the sign t f the cross he m ide, he entered the gloomy opening. '1he noises increased, strange, supernatural scratchiugs were added to the other horrors. fie bravely pushedl aside the bushes and there before him saw, no misty presence, no ghostly apparition, but the strange spectacle of a numan being, face downwards, grovelling on the earth. Ever and anon the head would rise, and the hands would be spasmodically thrown out and the face turned away, as though thus to stave off some ex pected attack. .or repel some horrible.vision. \--Terence, thinking the man was one ?iosses-ed, began to addres some reasoning word, unto him, lbut the only effect of the sound of his voice was to bring forth a peal of blood-curdling cries that human pen could not describe nor human ears endure. Terence, turned away with the intention of hurry ing to the camp, but had only proceeded a few steps when he met a party of the men ioming there from. Without explanation he took them to where the struggling wretch lay. With much exertion they turned his distorted features to the moon light, and a ray of light fell on his face. There was but one glance, and then there came a simultaneous exclamation from all-' Constable Henry !' But' there was yet another discovery. Close beside where he had been found they discovered a large - open tank, filled with jewellery, and un mistakeably recognisable as the property of the murdered hawker, Foster. And so the mystery was ended. Strange fate or chance had decided that this night above all nights should be the time for the guilt-stained wretch to return for his plunder. Strange fate or chl.nce had fixed this meeting, face to face, of father and son : this denouement by which the murdered man would be avenged through the agency of his destroyer's own flesh and blood. The gold-tempted Constable Henry has never regained hia reason, and in a lunatic asylum is still haunted by what is tortured imagination conceives to be the avenging spirit of his earthly victim. Charles Henry soon left Giplsnul. never to return, and Terence O'Donoghue, when I last heard of him, was the respected foreman of a survey party in the Tarwin River district. 