LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. BOGUS SCRIBBLERS. Sib,— I know of no wovo contoinptiblo olinvactor than tho man who, in a public journal iuhI undor shelter of li iioniilc plume, souks to tarnish tho fair famo of hin tellow man. I entertain tho opinion, strengthened by every day's obsorvation, that tho freedom of tho Pross and latitude it extends to contributors avo often crossly wuuaeu j ami were writers who impugn the integrity of publio mon, or damage thoir follow mon in reputation, trade or calling, required to ondorao their effusions witl name and whereabouts, Press correspon dence would oooupy a muoh higher place in public estimation than it does. .' ll.ocl Gauntlot' in your issuo of the 13th mat. furniahos a notable example in point, for had tho author of that seaudalous attaiik upon Mr. John Forrest boon called upon to attach his name, as tho condition ''.appearing in print, I venture the opinion that it never would have seen tho «g't. I confess I fo?l it a sorry honor to answer tho fire of ' Red Gauntlet ' posted Donmd aatono-wall secure from observation, nor would I lift the pen were it not that ho airects his poisoned darts toward one who deservedly enjoys all but tho universal esteem of his countrymen and is never named except iu honor whereovor the English lauguago is spoken or read. la ' Rod Gauntlot ' so blinded by pre juuico as not to pereeivo. or so montallv ounque aucl obtuse that he fails to oouipre bend, the broad and pnlpable distinction between a mere change in tho personnel of ±119 Excellency's advisers nnd a transfer of government and power from tho Crown to the people? Tho one is of frequent ooour renee, and now-a-day more formal than real, inasmuch as tho defeated policy of the out's ta seldom materially disturbed by the in's. A ne other is an event of a century, and may be termed a ppaoeful revolution, arrang. ea by mutual consent beforehand. To put the matter plain, supposo Mr. Gladstone carried Homo Rule, what would bo Baid were tho Irish Vioeroy to'f£ond' for the venerable statesman to College Groen aB Premier of the first IviBh Parliament, amply because ho had moved tho resolution that led up to Home Hulo P Tho faot here and the case becoming a faots thero are on 'wouM—wita this exception, that Mr. uiadstone is, and has been for years, tho distinguished leader of tho Opposition, while Mr. Porker nevor had an opposition to lead I! This contention is as baseless as anairy-built bubble that vanishes at tho flrst touoh,— as ghosts generally do. But according to tho gospel of 'Red Gauntlot' to Mr. Parker bolongs the solo merit of having first conceived the grand idea of Responsible Government for this colony. Poor Mr. Venn, it seems, had neither part nor lot in the matter. Burning withpatri otio fervour and groat ' in the art of marsh alling foroea 'he rallied, and organised the undisoiplinedfragmentsoftheLiberal Party, met the tnemy, fought and conquered j anc thus, like Bruce at Bannookburn, secured nis country's freedom and his own faiuel lfclk'iio more of Samson's feats and -freaks with\the historio jaw-bone ! ? ? ' Descending from tho region of fiotion to the realms of sober oritioism, let us : Bee what claims Mr. Parker can establish aa leador. He is well and favorably known as the senior of a , high- olass legal firm. As a politician his reputation oan hardly bo said to extend beyond the colony, and nismflnenoe within it confined to- a very seleot cirole. Aa a debater his mauner JB hesitating, and many of his ' sentences wplete^wlth repetition-whioh mar tfio effept of a good speeoh,-aud as a rule he is neither fluent nor conviuoing. Ho moved the resolution that led to self- government, and with other prominent members assiBtec to have it carried.' But there was no victory and no defeat, inasmuoh aa the lixeoutivo. aotually drafted, brought ini and carried tho Bill j so that little Beanuu ship was noeded to pilot tho orat't through a calm sea with, a fair wind. Delegated Homo to represent the wishes and interests of the colony, he discharged that trust to the entire satisfaction of the publio, and has been very properly, and I trust ade quately,, recompensed. But he has had no offloial training and no departmental oxporionooj henoo, if loador, he must a\ib mit for Rome timo at least to be led— a sorry substitute for personal knowledge. A limb of the, law is not wanted at too wheel, but a man of business habits, ox penenoe and sagaoity,~an expert at finance and negotiation in the money market. True, Mr. Parker may yet blossom into a full-blown orator, statosman , and law ?l MIPIM necoessary in ' an aspirant to the premiership ,' but up to the present he has sent forth no sign, and until he does OA 111' ft ' INlin /llaVnr.1 j) _ ' . II ? ? _ _ _ artioles of publio belief. I am half afraid to further track the \vf,°l '?«* Gauntlet' through the hb#;; Uterary scrub, whioh ,if I !lw?ftn? Sm i1* is ^^ted with ghoata .and other dangerous rubbish, where alD'l' £ftv? ^rte' ooraPany with his seHBeb, and might oven have lost his life i but I oannot oloso this letter without ««^6|' W -ml Vvol?mi *wow, surprise, and indignation that this writer, stowed away from mortal gaze, should have tho brazen aud unblushing effrontery to fabri cate base charges and level basoloss insinu ations against a publio servant of distin guished worth and status-won by his own monts-whose no'rte actions of the heart E^ER^ ***'**«** fua^ovSi 'V? 8illy.ftnd »noalled.£or fuss over the first premier P Tho coining Governor will have his instructions, an-1 his experience is second to no other Gover ~«*Wde? th0 u'io» Jack; and if I may tot ituro also an opinion, I should, say that wiK? has,Pr°?lftil?od th0 constitution ho will follow tho time-houorod practice of ask 2 « £?/ r1^ Of !h0 PrO80nt Executive to hod ofHco' pending the elootion of then; successors i Tho leaders of publio opinion will go down to the ' 'country and oonduSf ft poli°.y th0? deem' most conducive to the publio weal, and so far, onfJff??Meith,ftt th0 divergence o opinion between tho contending parties Will be as marked as if the election had arisen out of a motion of ?- no confidence » His Excellency will therefore bo able to accurately gauge the relative strength of eaoh,,and,.as usual under all Conatitutibna S^™»«'. w»peet tho popular voXt Were the coming premier soleotod in virtue of post services irrespective of the political strength at his back, ho will sin find 1 S' MM relegated ? to ' tho cool and Smo imr athmosphere of opposition. Will --H Gauntlo.' kindly allow me (as one probably bis senior in years) to tender him W# three- words' of friendly advice-Never take up the pen until you are ready , never forgot ha assertions are :not 'neoweSfi foots jthat abuse ia not argument, and usumption no evidence whatever of truth fndbtfn^re8 a^°a- ^ad ^k'-«n-tiaae S«iCT.?° ve'dor intoevil wputo. And finatoj before you again dip your pen in traducer'aink, take' this to^ heart-that t^wX ? hf°THbelli«aPPlau- iQd ^ tho Yours to'^Kd l»y tho worthloss. t U i- j , T JAMES SCOTT. ' ijauderdale, Upper Blaokwood, Auir. 25. 