1ST. EDITION. Barrier Miner. TUESDAY. JUNE 24, 1890. Roast Pork and Apple Sauce. In spite of the Mosaic law to the con- trary, the lucions pig has continued to hold its own through centuries of fas- tidious meat-eaters, round many of the hearts of whom it has twisted tendrily, and with an affection a compounder of "bitters " would describe as stomachie. Moses forbade the use of pork, and Adam, before him, was for- bidden to eat the apple ; and so in the true spirit of human cussedness, the tabooed pork and sacred apple have come down, roast and stewed, to the present day. The smell of broiling pork is delicious, and dates back as a sacred and invigorating whiff to the earliest times, even coming down "a perfume on the eastern gales" from the dreamy ages when the gods of the mythologies of Greece and Rome used to have huge roasts sent up from the famed underground kitchen, where furnaces raged and belched forth their fires from the crater of a volcano instead of the kerosene-tin-topped chimney of recent days. Stuttering Charles Lamb sang tbe praises of the gravy and the crackling, and the savage breast of Johnson cooled down and smiled under the powerful effects of the incense thrown off by the hot roast sucking pig-the dish which we are told delights from Nankin to the New York City. A celebrated wit, with his eye in fine frenzy rolling, once asked -- " What's pallid veal-the ghost of beef ; Or mutton, source of all our grief." And then, calming his indignation and smoothing the wrinkles out of his brow, he apostrophised the noble sau- sage, the bloated pie, the cutlet and tender chop, the mighty and glorious effect of the first great cause - the pig. * * * But the pig is a dirty animal, in spite of what poet Southey said in his favor. The delights of the cow pas- tare he feels not ; neither does his heart warm with emotion on the fresh blown heights favored by the nanny- goat. Swamps, marshes, ditches, and sewers, are his favorite haunts, and as the accomplished gourmand prefers his cheese in a walking condition, so piggy favors only those spots where typhoid, microbes play leap-frog, and blowflies, sing their hymn of praise. A rotten melon is as great a delicacy to a fat pig aa a hare hung until the fur has dropped off is to the old gouty- legged epicure, whose diseases of the flesh are as multifarious as the strange dishes a French chef is paid a stiff salary to concoct in the mysterious regions, situate downstairs. Offal from a slaughteryard is not a pleasant thing to contemplate, either optically or nasally, and yet such is a rare deli- cacy to at least two of the creation - the crow and the pig. A citizen compelled to pass the main sewer will do so with his sensitive nose wrinked around, his eyes turned up to the whites, and his handker- chief stuffed down his bilious-feeling throat ; or if, when taking a pleasant self-communicating walk through the bush, sniffing the resinous trees, and inhaling the dew, distilled sweets of Nature's wildings, the week-work- wearied townsman should accidentally turn a corner and come across the festering fly-blown carcase of a recently defunct bullock or horse, he will wheel round like a rocket, and spitting and foaming at the mouth, retreat home- wardly with an appetite ruined for a month, and a soul filled with disgust for as long as a monoto- nous remembrance of the scene remains. But although the king of the cannibal islands insisted that stewed man was identical with pork similarly pre- pared, there remains the difference that a man won't, and his four legged friend of the inquisitive snout and saucy tail will, poke his nose and wallow in the sewer referred to, and roll, as we have seen a horse roll in clean straw, in the decaying carcase of the dead bullock aforesaid. " Pass this plate along, please. We'll take just another slice with plenty of crackling and gravy." Whew ! * * * "This little pig went to market, and that little pig stayed at home," is a pretty little go-by-bye-now piece of information, generally imparted in the nursery to the latest increase in the community of brats. The day before yesterday, 31 of the species trotted off to market-the slaughter-house distant not 100 miles from this charming centre-though how many were left at home it is impossible to say. These 31 piggies are now, we presume, slaughtered, and possibly hanging np with their tails out of curl on the iron hooks placed-like soldiers on parade, in the local butcheries. There they will hang until cut down, when they will be cut up, sold, bought-probably paid for- and roasted and devoured by a large number of hungry men, women, and children, oblivious in their con- tentment of crackling and apple sauce to the existence of the nightsoil cart and the nightsoil contractor. Should they be eating pork and perusing our present article, at any time after 6 o'clock this evening, they will, in all probability, gaze open-mouthed at the left - hand - extended paper, whilst with the right a fork-supported potato and piece of pig remain suspended in mid air-that is, between well-filled plate and mouth-cooling just as quickly as the bile of the reader may be said to be rising. You wonder what all this is about. You may doubtless show disapproval in piggified style-by grunting, and ask the reason of this terribly long preface to what is really the gist of the whole thing-the dinner of the day before yesterday served out by a gratuitous public to exactly 31 pigs. On Sunday last two score, less nine, of pork were awaiting the executioner of the slaughter- yard when, taking advantage of the supposed absence of their con- ception of Jack the Ripper, they trotted off with tails and snouts erect in the direction of the depot - vulgarly know as the national cesspits. One of these had been recently filled and into this, one and thirty piggies jumped in the indescribable delight of liberty. They wallowed in the soil indifferent to the fact that they would shortly have to constitute the dinner of a fair proportion of the community, and so they grunted and squealed their exuberance of happiness and - we tremble to chronicle it-devoured a large part of the contents of one, of the pestilential trenches. How much nightsoil they consumed is not re- corded, but certain it is that had not Inspector Alker arrived on the scene the entire contents of the north- western depot would have been returned to the township in the shape of pig. * * * And now we drop the reed for the rod. We cease to smile because we are constrained to frown. A large number of our readers eat pork-our circulation is not wholly confined to Jews - and they de- mand, through the medium of this journal, that the meat furnished them be of the most healthy descrip- tion. The slaughteryards may be well placed both for killing and the health of this community. We will not at present trouble, to dispute it. But we certainly demand, and have the right to insist that the guardians of the slaughterhouse secure pigs-whose training is uncertain enough, without further risks-from wandering about the cesspits, devouring the con- tents, and in all probability poisoning those individuals whose chief dietary delight is, " Roast Pork and Apple Sauce." It is positively horrible to think that, when, one returns home, the hardest worked individual on the Barrier, to dinner, the charming help- mate or the grim waitress may place on the table, joint of pork, entree of tripe-heaven save us !-cutlet, pickled pig, or the pale, insinuating pie, where trotters find their almost final earthly repose. To think that this pie might have been one of those identical pigs! Oh, horror, remove the plate for good- ness' sake. The thought is worse than Hamlet's surmise that Alexander had come back again in the shape of a bung. It is disgusting, terrible, and-revolt- ing. The guardians of the crow- surrounded slaughteryard should be more careful, or the authorities ought to save them the trouble, for it is only in the interests of the healthy well- being of the community that pork should come from the butcher's shop as clean as there goes to the grave the corpse of him, who living, roasted, and devoured, the wallower of a cesspit. 