BELIEIS 01' (IN') VILSI)ED PEOPLE IN A F'UT'UJfE LIJ'IC. According to Sir John Lubbock, the lowest ravages are entirely devoid of any belief in a futurp life. ie says that it friend of Mr Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a native Australian the idea of a soul; but his explanation of a living entity without a body, without arms or legs, or mouth to eat, could not be realised by the eavago, who very probably thought that either the missionary'sreasonwasleav ing him,or that he was trying to perpetl ate a joke on a simple child of nature. The ancient Britons at the time of the Roman conquest, however, are said to have bad such a firtm belief in the reality of a second existence that they readily sent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appreciated by borrowers in civil ised countries of the world at the present time. The Ilindoos have always ha1d a strong belief in spiritual life. Not long ago ono of them who was cheated out of 40 rupees cut off his mother's head in order that her ghost might haunt tlhe man who had robbed him. Some Polynesians belive that only the chiefs are immortal ; others, more liberally minded, assert that all men have souls, but that women have none. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, beocaus they occasionally visit them in their dreams ; but of their grandparents they say, "It is finished," meaning that their existence has become for ever extinct. The Maoris, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modern savages, have an unshakable faith in the existence of another world beyond the grave ; and this belief makes them consider it a serious thing to kill an enemy and let his spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows; for whilet in that region they imagine that he will prepare and mature his revenge, and when his old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible di-. advantage. On the other hand, if a man eats as well as kills his enemy, they believe that there is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and courage, along with his other goad and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appro priated by the victor. And this is the reason also why a Maori is always so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any noted chieftain who has fallen in battle. IT is confidontly anticipated that during the coming summer there will to a marked in crease in the value of houseo property in and around Lsuneeston, and already eon siderable difficulty is oxpeorienced y persons wishing to secure eoligiblo building sites. It therefore behoves those who wih to obtain a homo of their own to bestir themselves, L.nd we would urge all such to avail thenseolves of the liberal terms upon which money is al vanced to buy or to build houseoa by the EQUITABLE BUILDING SOCIEvY, through whose instrumentality so many hundreds of families are living in homes of their own to day. P'ro slaoctusos and all information are obtairable at the ofiaes, Caulronstreut, necar St. John street, 