Launceston Police Court. Thursday, March 6. ? ? ? Before Mr G. W. Waterhouse, P.M. ALLEGED ARSON. ? 'Catherine Golding, -an elderly -woman, ?was charged by Superintendent Armstrong ?with having, on January 27, unlawfully set fire to a stack of hay, the property of Jas,' Burns, who resided at Underwood. , Accused was defended by Mr 31. J. Clarke. Jas. Burns deposed that ha was a farmer xencung at liiiyaaie, and defendant was his mother-iri-Uw ; on the day in question , lie 'w&b; away from home, and passed his xttother-in-laW'B .residence, where he saw ;pi6 defendant} she aocuBed him of steal ing a plough and two' sovereigns; and said she would sec fire tohis placo before night; he went on to work, and on returning in the evening found the stack, which con sisted of the produce of about three acres of wheat, burnt ; the stack was in a Dutch barn with no sides, and that also, was burnt); he valued the stack and barn at £20 ; he had not spoken to accused since, and reported the occurrence to Constable Uarr tne same evening. Cross-examined by Mr Clarke — He was married to defendant's daughter abont 10 years ago ; he did not make a runaway marriage, and had not been on bad terms with defendant since the marriage ; he had always been on good terms with her and her daughters, but lately had ordered one of the latter off his ground ; when he met accused tho morning of the fire she left her house and came towards him, but he did not see' anyone else standing near the house ; he did not tell Constable Carr or his wife what the old woman said about setting firo to the place, but could not say ? if he told anyone else ; Jas. Kobinson came over to where he was working and told him the stack wns burnt, but did not toll him how it occurred ; his little daughter, Mary, told him that her grandmother set fire to the stack, but did .not tell her that Ben Lee saw the old woman do it ; ho did not remember his daughter accusing her grand mother of killing a, calf that was alive. Mary Burns, aged 12, daughter of the last witness, who did not know the nature of an oath, made a statement to the effect that she saw her grandmother set the stack on fire with a torch, which she stuck in it ; she then pulled it out and threw what looked like a lighted box of matches on the stack; accused ran away towards linn s\Ttf¥l linrvio o w A ?niii-nnaa Qj\1}nxtmA nn/1 called out that she bad seen her fire the stack ; accused denied it and chased her back with a stick; she then told, her mother of the occurrence. To Mr Clarke— Witness said to accused as eoon as she saw her, ' Ha ! You needn't go now ; I see you'; one'of her two little brothers, who were with her, saw her grandmother firo the stack ; witness told someone that accused had gone round the stack putting the torch in a number of places, but that was not true; while the stack was burning she was talking to Sarah Golding near it; her' two little, brothers, did not set fire to the stack through, play lug vvjluu uiuubuqai - . , ? At 1 p.m. the Court adjourned till 2 p.m. ... ? On resuming, Andrew 'Johnston gave evidence that he waB present at a conversa tion between prisoner and James Burns. The latter was in front of witness when he heard prisoner say to Burns — ' How would you look if your stack should be burnt before night ;' on the date of the%fire ho placed himself behind the chimney o£ wrisoner's house when he heard the voices' of Mrs Golding' and her daughter Mary ; Mrs Golding said — 'That is the way to serve Jim Burns.' ? To' Mr Clarke— Witness -was 800 yardB behind Burns when the wordB.were heard. ' To Police Magistrate — I meant to Bay I ?was 80 ya'ds behind. To Mr Clarke — It was accused's daughter Sarah to whom Mrs Golding spoke on the night of the fire and not Mary, when he was listening behind the chimney. : ? Constable Carr, of ?? Luydale, deposed to the arrest of the prisoner, who denied any knowledge of the origin of the fire.- . ?? : ???', To Mr Clarke— The little girl Mary told witness that accused set fire to the stack with apiece of lighted bark ; James Burns had 'not told hiin; that -accused, had threatened to' fire the stack ; accused had hitherto borne an; excellent character, k On; the 'usual 'question .being put to the prisoner at the closing of ? the case for the prosecution, accused -said— ' I never spoke ?to Burns on that morning.- The little girl Mary Burns told me that' Ben; Lee saw me set ' fire to th e ' stack,- and after wards sai d it was a lame boy who saw me do : it; Later on she said it was 'a woman with black hair and a black dre.=s who set.firo'to the stack. Burns ;and I had' been on .bad terms for the' past two; years; arid on one1 occasion he had' played ghost to' frighten' me.' ?'??'? ' '? ????- '?.-?? :?'? '? ' '? ?'?'. :.?? ??'.?? ..??.? ' For the defence Sarah Golding, a daugh ter of the accused, stated that on Feb ruary 27 Mary Burns -went to witness and' QH1U OUC Ball ObUUOCU UIO UUU DlUUtL Wlllll tV piece of lighted bark ; her mother said she had not been out all, day ; Mary Burins said that Ben. Lee saw Mrs Qolding burn the stack, and afterwards that a lame boy had said so, arid, again that her ' little brothers saw her ; the brothers denied to witness that they saw Mrs Golding set fire to' the stack, and Mary Burns then said it was a womanwith a* black-drees arid black hair that did it; witness iwas in the kitchen the whole of tho night in question, and denied having- eaid 'that is the way to serve Jim BurnB.'- The Court adjourned at 4-30 p.m. until 10 a.m. to-day;. : ? - 