BALLARAT EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The united meetings in connection with the Evan gelical Alliance were concluded on Wednesday even ing, when a Communion service was held in St. Andrew’s Presbyterian Church. There was a very large attendance, including over 400 Communicants, representing the various churches of the City and Town. The Rev. T. 11. Cairns presided, and there were also present the Revs. J. E. Harrison, J. H. Mackay, C. Cameron, E. W. Nye, H. W. Westmore land, C. Lancaster, J, Cowperthwaite, T. Porter, and W. Hunt. The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, 8.A., preached an able sermon from the words, “The very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blame less unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is He thH calleth you, who also will do it”—l Thessalonians, v., 24. The elements were then distributed by the ministers. The Kev. C. Cameron gave the closing address, basing it on the words, “Christ in you the hope of glory” (Colossians, i M 27). He pointed out that this great Christian mystery was revealed here, and now, in the experience of every true communicant at the table of the Lord. The highest thought in Christian experi ence was to realise Christ in his fulness dwelling in us; here to rule over our whole inner life, and be come our highest law. There to garnish and adorn the soul, that it may become a meet habitation for God. There to vitalise our whole nature, giving pulse and power to that which was dead in trespasses and sins. Christ strikes deep into our nature and ramifies the whole, that we may be clothed in the beauties of His holiness, give forth the fragrance of His love, aud manifest the lustre of His glory, Christ, who ever sought the glory of God, is in u 9, our hope of glory. The whole outlook of the Christian in Christ is glory. What joy is equal to the joy of pardon through the precious blood of Jesus. Peace of conscience and joy in the Holy Ghost. Yet this true pure joy at the Lord’s Table is but a first fruit of the rich mellow fruits of the glory of God. This is the Beulah land of the pilgrim. Think of the glory of the city, the King who reigns in righteous ness, the royal effulgence of nis glory so clothing his subjects that they are changed from glory to glory.- " Rejoice, therefore, in the glory of God, for Christ is in you the hope of glory." A parting hymn and the benediction brought to a termination a service which will never be forgotten. 