? fcyoût&eata;àage which uigee me this insane course. I am going to marry in order not to be aMBlc I do pot know how tp téll ifrr-how 4p SÎ^ÉÏ Î ^ W ^ V 1 knpwînWbata açi. l%qttptwanttobp ^nigbtr I want to" feél me, dose to me, a being that' can something, no matter what. I wfcnt able to rouBe that being from sleep, to be able to açk' that being any question snda enly—even a stupid question, eo jfeat I is feel my dwelling is inhabited—so tha\ can know that a mind is awake, that a reasoning power is at work—so tint» if I suddenly light my candle, I can see a human face beside me—because—because (how dare I avow my shame ?)—because I i am afraid when I am by myself I Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any danger. -If a man were to comé in I would kiU him without shudder. I have no fear of ghosts; I do not believe in the supernatural. I am not afraid of tbe dead; I believe in the total annihilation of every human being that passes away. Then ? Yes, then ! • Well, I am afr&id; of myself ! I am afraid of being afraid ; afraid of the mental spasms that are driving me mad ; afraid pf the horrible sense of incomprehensible terror. Laugh if you please 1 t is hideous; it is incurable. I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar objecte which seem to me to become a|amated -^th a zorb pî animal life. - Above all, I am afraid of thp horrible confusion of ' my mind, the confusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. First I feel a vague disquiet that passeB into my mind and makes all my fleshcreep. I look around me.. Nothing! And I feel a need of something. Of what ? Something incomprehensible. Then I become afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. t speak f I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then t am frightened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly.welj there is nothing in any of those pttcer I;' turn around suddenly because I am afraid of what is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and I know it. I am nervous ; I feel the scare growing upon me, and I lock myself into my room, and bury myself in bed, and hide my head under the bedclothès, and, cowering there, I shut my eyes in desperation, and thus remain for a seemingly infinité length of time, oppressed by the thought that my candle is still burning on the little table beside the bed, and that I should really blow it out. And yet I dare not ! Is it not frightful to be in such a condition? There was a time when I never felt this way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm, i went out and came iS without anything to trouble the serenity of my mind. If Iliad then been told what a stupid and terrible disease of fear—of incredible fear—would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. I used to open the doors in the dark with perfect confidence ; I used to pake my preparations for going to bed quietly, without even bolting myself in, and I never thought of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all the entrances to my room were Strongly secured. The trouble began last year in asingul(>r way. It was in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When my housekeeper had taken her departure, after I had dined, 1 asked myself what I was going to do. For some time I walked up and down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed, incapable of doing any work, lacking even the mental forae to read. A fine rain was moistening the window panes; I was melancholy, all permeated by one of those causeless attacks of despondency which make you feel inclined to cry—which make aman want to talk to somebody or anybody in Order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. I felt lonesome. Never before did my dwelling çepm so empty. An infinite and heart-sickening solitude surrounded me. What was I to do? I sat down. Then a nervous impatience seemed to pass-iiito my legs. I got up and began to walk again. Perhaps 1 was also a little feverish, for my hands, clasped behind my back, seemed to burn one another when they touched. Then a sudden cold shudder ran down my back. I thought that the outside dampness was entering the room, and it occurred to me that it would be well to light afire. I lit it, and 1 sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of remaining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I felt that I would ave to go out somewhere, to stir myself, to find a friend. I went out. First I visited the houses of three different friends, no one of whom was at home ; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to findsome acquaintance or other. It was dismal everywhere. The wet sidewalks were shining. A watery lukewarmness—one of those lukewarmnesses which nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers —seemed to bear dowri over the whole street and to make the gas jets burn wearily and dim. I walked along sluggishly, saying over and over again to myself, " I won't find anybody to talk to." Several times I looked into all the a^g between La Madeleine and the FaubburgPôîsëonniere. Onlymiserablelooking people, who did not seem to have even vim enough to finish what they had ordered, were sitting at the tallies. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way home. I was quite calm, but very tired. My concierge, who always goes to bed before eleven o'clock, opened the door for me at once, contrary to his usual habit and I thought to myself, "HeUol some other lodger must have jus ~ 1 Whenever I go outTàlwàys double lock my door. This time I found it simply pulled to, and the fact impressed me. I thought that perhaps some letters might have been brought upstairs during the evening. I went in- My fire wafi still burning, even brightly enough to light up the apartment. I took the candle in order to kindle it at the grate, when, aB I looked tight before me, Ï saw some one sitting in my easy-chair, with his bade turned to me, apparently warming his feet at the fire. 1 was not startled at all—nôt the least in the world. A very natural supposition occured to me, namely, that one of my friends had come to pay me a visit The concierge, to whom I had given instructions when I went put, had naturally told the visitor thaï I would soon t, and bad lent him his own key. My friend,, whose hair alone l could «ee over the back* of the chair, had evîderitly dropped asleep while waiting for my return, and I proceeded to wake him up. I then got a distinct view of him. His right arm hung down; his feet were crossed one over the other, and tbe way his head drooped a little to the left of the arm-chair, showed plainly enough that he was asleep. I asked myself, " Who is it ?" The light in the room was not strong enough to see perfectly by. I put out my hand to touch his shoulder. My hand touched only the wood of the chair! Nobody was there! Thé chair was empty ! Mercy! what a_shock it gave me. First I almost as quickly, an imperative desire to look at that chair again made we whirl around a second time, and I stood. there panting with fear, so bewildered as to be incapable of thinking—on the veiy point of falling, But I am by nature a cool man, and my self-possession ebon returned. 1 thought'to myself, ** ï hàvé jnsthad an haUumnapon-r^ that Îb all!" And Iiiimediatelybeg&to; reflect on the phenomenon. In 4iuch moments the mind qperatesTapidly. I had had an haUinanatitm—that was nn incontestable fact» Now my mind had all the time remained cleat performing its functions regulariy and logically. Tiiere was consèquently no affection of &h;ç brain. The eyes alone had been deluded, and fcj deludfed my imagination. The eyes vision—one oft tJwwe visions that make apparatus—nothing tooré; perhaps , was a slight congestion^ I lighted anjr candle. As I boat down over the Are I found myself trembling, and I drew myself up again with a sudden start, "as if $ome one Sad touched mfi from behind. Qtn&piily; toffW W»tftlfc of Qrtfer. I walked to Mid fro for a room,anabeganto At allé vents, nobody could get in. Again Zest' ~~ " thought over o&fc; my light For a few right I back. Then to look at my side. M redémbeis, 1 thechair;and Ithought I î again. I struck a bean mistaken—I could sea evertbetess, I got np, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed. Then I made everything dork again, and tried to go to éieep. I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than Ave minutes, when l saw in a dream, and as distinct as realityitself, the whole incident of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking a light, sat up inbed -rçithout daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon me for a few momentum spite'of myself. Twice I saw the same thing. I thpnght I had actually jgone mad! Wben daylight appeared I fdt completely cured, and took a peaceful deep until midday. It had passéd-rentirely passed. I had had a fever, a mghtmare, or Something of that sort. I had been sick. •Nevertheless, thought myself very much pf a fool. That dayl was quite jolly. 2 dined at the cabaret, went to the theatre, and then istarted for pome. But, as I drew near my ). i^tiimgefeding of rtoeanneeetooK F __,^ on of^ne. I w&s; afêald fë eeéihg iim again — him! Not afraid of liim exactly — not afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, bat afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear tha t would come upon me. For more than an hour I walked up and down the sidewalk. Then at last I decided that this was absolute folly, and I'went in. ~ panted so that I could scarcely climb the stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my zoom for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. I plunged my key jnto the lock; 1 rushed forward with a lighted candle in my band; I kicked in the unfastened door of the room, and threw one terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw nothing. Ah 2 ' what a relief ! What a joy Î What deliverance I I went to and fro with a vaggering air. But still I did not feel îrfectly comfortable. I would turn round i>y fits and starts to look behind me; the darkness in the corners of the room lightened me. I slept badly, being incessantly startled out of my rest by imaginary noises. But " never saw him. No—that was all over. Ever since that day 1 have been afraid to be alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me—the vision! It did not make its appearance again—oh, no! And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, because I keep all the time thinking about it. One arm was hanging down on the right side ; his head dropped a little to the left, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to think any more about it. And still, what is this feeling of being haunted? Why does it persist in this way? His feet were close to the fire. He haunts me ; it is madness, but it is so! Who is he? I know perfectly well that he does not exist—that it is nothing whatever. He only exists in my apprehension, in my fear, in my anguish. That's enough. Yes, hut it's no use for me to reason with myself about it—no use to try to brace up against it ; î can't remain alone at home any more, because he is there ! I know I won't see him any more; hé won't show himself again. But he is there all the same, in my thoughts. Because he retnains invisible, it does not follow Ùiat he is not there ! He is behind the doors, in tbe armchair, and under the bed—in all the dark corners, in all the shadows. If I stir the door ever so gently so that it creaks upon its hinges, |f I open my armoire, if 'I lower :my light to look under the bod, if I throw "the light iupon the. comers, upon tbe shadows, he is not there, but I feel him behind me! I turn round, certain all the while that I am not going" to see him,- that I shall not see him again. He is behind still for all that it is stupid and atrocious ! What would would you have me do? But if there were two of us together at home, I feel perfectly sure he would not be there any more. He is there because I am alone. 