;. THE ????? P-KUITGEOWEES' ADVOCATE. : SATURDAY. AUGUST 9. .,'._. -S©VEEW«mT AB-¥S3KTISE- SIEISTS- AN© TUISMCETY. ? At the Intter eud of 1887, Colonial Secretary Parkes, with tho approval of his Cabinet, issued a ukase anent public departmental advertising whereof the following was the ?essential poi tion : — ' In every case aud in all ' departments., of tho public service the first 'thing fo be considered is whether the ' newsDaner iiii'ords a medium of miblicitv for ' the^ .advertisements and. no other consideration ' should lie (Mowed to havs weight. For general ' purposes it. in certain that both tho morning 'journals published in Sydney and the 'Even- ' ing News ' afforded this medium of publicity. ' The same may be said though with less oer ' tainty of tho weekly paperd tho ' Mail ' the ' ' T. and C. Journal ' and the ' Tribune.' ' Again, advertisements which requiro publicity ' iii ouo portion' of the colony1 more than in 'another may probably l.e given to any news ' paper possessed qf an established circulation '.in that-jrjStrrci. \\\\\ thbHuhtor River district ' for example the ' Maitland Mercury' probubly 'affords a belter medium I hau any other news - 'paper.' We have always contended that the tenor of that ordinance is illogical as well as unbusinesslike. If, by tho term ' general purposes,' metropolitan be meant, (and Biireau oracy too often acts as though it conceived ' Sydney to .bo New South Walss) the argument iu thef- rs't'fhiilf:(Dr.two-thivds) of the above ex -^ tractfl8^fc'cur:fie';enou}!:lv ; but, otherwise, it is ontirtly wrong. Why, for Riverine purposes, if the local lliverine papers are to ho ignored, . tho Government, . in order to secure anything like general publicity of important advertise ments, would have to advertise in tho Molbourno 'Argus' or 'Age' or ' Australasian ' or '?Lead.or,' each .of which in large portions of ' the south- western territory of Now South Wales has a far wider circulation than any or all of tho Sydney dailies or weeklies. There is no , doubt. ? that in the past frightful injustice- has been done to intending selectors, resident; in the Rivorino District, through the Luna's'' Department having coolly ignorfiaVlobliThewspa- pers in the matter of ad vertising the -details, of important -local land sales, etc. With.. regard to. .tho latter portion of tho above extract,- tho. examplo employed is asin gularly ?infelicitous one. No doubt, onco upon a timo, the _jtfemirif .(of Maitland) was tho best advertising- .medium in tho important Hunter Riverr. District ;. but, now, in several younger progressive towns within, that fertilo region (to which' as. ca^ow townships the M. Mercury once catered, ',, intelligently and loyally), it . has been ^completely 'cut out' by local en torpr^sp.... . To advortiso a land s&lo; for Singleton district in the ' Maitland ? Mercury' would bo as grave an injustice to Singlotonjans; as;. .to- ..-advertise it- in tho ' livcnimj Xeo's' -rm.i\\\o ghost of the Tribune ? or,vui..i.ho .T.imiuctoo Gazette. Yet just such jin iii.jiistic.o is- that . which, Mr. Secretary BiiuNJiWf {per' his .-Departmental subordinates), is daily and .wook'ly perpetrating under cover, ?wo suppose, of tho. above quoted absurd Parkesian ukaso. If large circulation bo the fm.l biifcinir tho principle that determines tho Government's patrouago in the matter of udvortisius, how is it that, comparatively speaking, so very littlo'of that putrouago is bestowed upon cither tho Jlultelin or tho freeman' 's Journal, each of which has an extra ordinarily extensive circulation, aud, not only that, is a paper not thrust aside an hour or so after receipt, but read aud -ro-read care fully and often kept for referonco? The prin ciplc.cf ?? jjiy,insr . Government advorusomonts on tho basis of tho largest circulation in eaoh local centre would work protty equitably. ' The fnot is tho QX'orrCentralisation of the Departments must be broken down, and a wholesome spirit of Uoccntralisation substituted for it The present Government system of advertising is very.. uostly .ujid exceedingly: wasteful. An immense amount of pure surplusage is.pub. lished,,, ..whpreas, had tho Government an adivrlliicment,.'tditor (and one or . two sub editors) the 'several notices to which the different departments of tho public service required to give a proper measure of publicity could be summarised and assorted nnd despatched for 'publication here or thero as tho occosioiv demanded, promptly, economi cally and (as regards the Pross) equitably. In every local centre tho local papers are the best advertising medium for all matters of local im port, howovcr small may bo tho circulation of tho most widely circulated of thoso papers. For tlicvpovernment to imagine thnt 'for general purposes ' the publication of au im portant public notice in the columns of tho S.M. Jffi'rtW.-ancl tho Sydney Daily Telegraph is sufficient, is as absurd as it would be fur them to suppuso that ' for local purposes,' say in th&Aiiingleton; ' district, it were good onou'gh';'' fo' advertiso the prescribed notico in tho '''?'Maitland Mercury'; or that they should imarinn tlioy could secure for an impor tant public' notice 'having reference to some Central Cumberland. matter as great an nmourit ii the- ' Mrifti&isiTB;: l'unr.icn'Y by securing ita publication iu a metropolitan journal (with its widely diffused ' largest circulation ' in the universe) us in a Central Cumberland journal (with what of onei'gy ' and intelligence' it possesses focusscd .cm tho task of exhaustive locaI'teptdB6ntati.on). ???'?'?? ' ' 