THE GOLDEN BOWL. Had she been indifferent to him she would have conquered, her life would have been a far diffdrent one and many a crime might have been left undone; but love makes.a woman weak, obscures her clear intellect, warps or sets aside ber judgment, robs her of her armour of pride and dignity, and blunts all her weapons of attack as it weakens all her niethods of defence. Mtlly's resolution was not equal to the occasion, temptation overcame it, 'so, wrapping a black cloak round her, and already a few minutes late,'.she hurried ,' downstairs, concealing her hat under her cloak in case she should meet anyone. Just before she reached Sir John Carew's study door, she beard the rustle of silk so close upon her that to get into the room she sought was impossible with out being observed, unless she could hide. But where ? A marble pillar which sup ported that part of the corridor was near Sthe bottom of the staircase, the recess behind it was in deep shadow, and here, 'her garments making no noise, she .- crouched. Hilda Kempson, her mistress, passed by her; she heard her knock at the study door, repeat her summons, then enter, closing the door behind her, after which Milly darted from her hiding place, made her way through the next room, and in a few seconds was at the appointed spot, in Sthe rose garden, panting. 'I thought you were not coming,' said a 'manr.'s voice; and was just going away, thinking you were wise.' 'I've had such a fright !' said the girl, Signoring his observation. 'I got out through the room that used to be:yours; but just before I reached the door Mrs. Kempson came down the staircase and went into Sir John's study. I' had to wait till she passed and Iwas afraid she'd hear me; but I've got :away all right, t. hough I've kept you waiting.' S'Does she often go to Sir John's : study? is Ihe very fond of her?' asked .. Godfrey Sloecombe suspiciously.. ' No, I don't think Sir John or Miss Carrie really like her. She does just as she likes, yeou know. The house is big Senough and nobody interferes with her. I heard she quarrelled with Sir John and SMiss Carrie at dinner, and she's had tea alone in the blue drawing-room.' 'I remember the room. M iss Carrie is well, I suppose ?' 'Yes. I think she is going to be .married to Sir Philip Walsingham. : Chowen saw them kissing each other to day at Wembury Church ! Her listener started as though he had 'been shot. Fortunately the darkness hid the pallor of his face. 'I hope she will be happy,'.he said in a constrained voice, the tone of.pain in which Milly's keen ears caught at once. ' And you are really'going away,' asked the girl, almost tearfully. 'Yes, and perhaps for ever, and there is one comfort, no one will miss me.' Don't say that, because if I never see you again I shall miss you.' 'Shallyou, really? I never thought of such a thing till this morning, and I can't quite realise it now; but I am very Sgrateful for yoir love, Milly. Perhaps in time to come, I shall learn-to more than.return it, for you have given me Ssome fa;htb in'my self when unconsciously I could win the heart 'of such agood little woman as yourself.' I:'von't bind you by any promise to wait for me, dear; but if I succeed in the country. I am going to, and you are still of, the'same mind, and I .write and ask you to come to me and 'hbe Smy wife, will you come ?' : ' Yes, if it was .double the distance,' Sand she threw lierself in his aims, and : the first kiss of love was exchanged. be tween them. S.Could they'have seen that passion distorted face, hidden only:on the other :-side of'the bower, still covered with.the few dying roses, in which they were standing, their happiness had not, perhaps, been so perfect. B?t they heard not a sound and they were silent, while the listener, who rightly ..interpreted the lull in the conversation, suffered such agony as the demons who had taken possession of. his soul them Sselves might wonder at and pity. The great clock of Clovelly, Court struck out sharply uponthe night air ten : strokes, and Godfrey Sloecombe .started Sfrom that warm embrace and said reluc tantly: ' I must go, dear; a boat will '.be at .Conner's Cove to meet'me in less than an .hour, arid will row-meto the Curlew, that .lies in Plymouth Sound, she will lift anchor at midnight, :my possessions are all on board, aud my. passage paiid for,: One more kiss untiliwe meet in:New-Zealand.' The kiss muste have been a long 'one; then Godfrey took her.bythe hand; "'I will see you in at the wind6w,' :he said, and he walked with beir to the sideof. the house and lifted, her up the low. wall, -.which she could have climbed alone..: It Swas their two figures, looking lire one in .. the darkness, which had .filled Bill Stacy's mind with the idea of having: seena black' ghost. . . :: One more kiss and clasp o'f iandsi, and then Milly went in and bolted the window securely, makirig her way back to -her own pari of the hofuse, While:Godfrey .:Sloecombe walked off rapidly in the direction of the sea shore. Not alone, howcver, a dark form, like the shadow of death, doggedhis footsteps. SThe boat from the Ctirlew waited in? Conner's Cove till it was doubtful if the : -sailors could.return.to their vessel before s','he set.sail, but their tard?' passenger : never came. ' Weary of waiting !they roived back to ,their ship and she 'started .'for New :Zealand, taking .all "Godfrey's worldly wealth with her, but leaviiig him, or what remained of him, behind. CHAPTER XI. Among these elements of crime, dis.' •cord and exciteme'nt, Carrie Carew, all. unconscious of them, mourned her father's " death with deep and genuine grief. No thdught of being alisolute mistress of Clovelly Court entered her mind, 'for practically she had reigned supreme :there since her earliest childhood, and the only cloud that had darkented the bright sunshine of her life had been" her father's . stiange silence with regard to the mother whom she.could not remember to. have , ever seen. :'Not itliat she attached any idea; of " wrong or disgrace to the memory of thtt mother, the,very suspicion ol it had never been hinted to her, and was not likely of :its own accord to enter. her mind, when\ :'everyone she came in contict with treated? her and her father with respect and honour. Her father's death was a great blow to hhr, for she loved him very dearly. He was the only creature she had had to love, save her friends and servants, until Sir Philip Walsingham had stirred her pulses, and made her heart throb with the magic power.of a lover's love. But this feeling was widely different from that she bore her father. It was new, too, and for the time seemed lost and submerged by the agony and grief that had swept over her. One cannot cry for ever. Carrie had wept till the source of her tears seemed dried up, and her eyes and face were swollen until she could scarcely recognise herself, when by accident she once looked in the glass. No tears could bring back the life that had sped from time to eternity on its never-to-be retracted journey, and, at last, from sheer exhaustion, she ceased to moan, and cry, and sob, and the vitality if her youthful frame and quick intellect re-asserted itself, she began to think of others, and the necessary duties that devolved upon herself. ' Leave her alone,' Dr. Beard had said to Mrs. Winstay, 'in two or three days she will come round, and then break it to her as gently as possible about the in quest.' And the housekeeper obeyed; for a coroner's inquest was to be .held on the body of the late baronet, to inquire into the cause of his death, and as yet neither Ihis daughter or Hilda Kempson, his niece," were aware of it. Events were top rapid, however, for the doctor's intention of breaking it gently to her to be carried out. It was the morning of the second. day after Sir John's death, and Carrie, who had kept in strict seclusion, never even quitting, her rooms, was seated in .her boudoir, playing with rather than eating the breakfast with which Mrs. Winstay had tried to tempt her appetite, when the door was.unceremoniously opened, and Hilda Kempson herself, in her morning wrapper, burst into the room. ' Carrie, I never heard of such a hor rible thing in my life ! They are going to cut him open, dissect him ! A crowd of vulgar people looking at, and talking about him, and putting it in the news papers-a Carew of Clovelly to be treated like that ! For heaven's sake rouse your self, and protest against it ! Your voice may have some weight. To me it seems a horrible thing; it it were my father, I would stand over his body and defy them, sooner than he should be so desecrated !' And Hilda, as she spoke, trembled with excitement. ' What do you mean ?' asked Caroline Carew, staring at her cousin as at one dis possessed of her senses. ' I mean what I say. They are going to hold an inquest on the body of your father.' 'But why? Who are 'they?' Did bhe not die a natural death ?' ' I should think so at seventy-two. But Dr. Beard has trumped up some story, only, I believe, out of vexation, because Dr. Bristol was here at.the time my uncle died.' ' And what does Dr, Bristol say? Of course he would speak the truth.' '?He doesn't say anything, he didn't attend him'; he came to see me. I had fainted as I often do. My nerves were in a shocking state. He understands my constitution and attended my poor Her bert before he died. I. sent for him be fore we knew about uncle. He came to see him and that was all, just as you and I saw him,' with a shudder. 'I can't understand it. I'll send for Dr. Beard and ask'what it all means; . He is not the man to do things without consideration. What could papa .die of that was not natural ? 'and who could wish to kill him ? He niever to my knowledge harmed a living creature !' 'Who, indeed ?I belieye it's all rubbish. I remarked how unwell uncle looked at dinner that night,' and you were both angry with me for it. He was an old man, remember. Besides the scandal of an inquest !' I wonder Dr. Beard should dare to do it ! You will insist: upon its being givei iup, won't you ?' ' ' I don't know, I don't understand it. If it is the law my insistance ;vill do no good, but'. I will send for the doctor. How is it we 'hav heard nothing of it before?' , , ,. , .. . . 'That I can't tell you. I believe some of the servants. are at the bottom of it. I'll :make a clean sweep of theri. ' You'll what ?? asked Carrie, in astonish ment.' ' I said I'd make i clean sweep if I were mistress of.Clovelly" . 'Oh, *I at any rate am satisfied with them,', and she rose and touched the bell. 'Ask Mrs. 'Winistay to '.come to me,' she saiddto'the girl Who answered the summons, and a few seconds' later, the housekeepeir, once her governess, entered the room, :., * Take a seat Mrs. WVinstay,. Hilda has been telling me: something about an inquest, do you know?anything it ? 'No, Miss Cairie, only what Dr. Beard said, that he .was not satisfied with the look ofthe master, and there seemed no good cause to sccount for his death. I didn't tell you yesterday, because it was no good, and you were in such grief; but the keys of'the bedroom in whhich Sir. John. lies. were ialken fsm .me by a magistrate's order, and some gentlemen werdt in there and stayed an houtr or more, anid went: away: taking something with the~n, and they locked 'and 'sealed .the' door.after them. . :'.What:. can.their motive be ?' aslked Carrie, but no one ansivered her..Then after a pause she said, 'Send for Dr.' Beaid, 'I ..must see him; and .with a slight flush on her cheek'' I forgot.to.ask, has Sir Philip Walsingham called ?':: : '.Yes-he carie the day after'-with a paise, 'arid has sent:over to inquire after you every day. since," replied, the house: keeper. ' ' But :Hilda Kempson' aid hothin,; an awful terror had' seized upon her.' The coroner's inquest couldonot be evaded. The poison would be'discovere'd,.there was no chance of its escaping'detection, and thenthe question wouldhbe:, . '.L.Whio had.admidstered it ?' 'As ,the 'terrible chances of detection presented themselves to her mind, Hilda turned faint, and sick' and giddy. .I would never allow such a.desecra tioh ifhe were my father,' she said as she left"ihe room, anxious to hide her face from all curious eyes. 'A' coroner's inquest,' she nimurmured, when she found herself alone, 'can they ttacd it to me ? I don't believe it is pos sible, but I must be careful. I shall not be able to assert my claim to Clovelly as soon as I expected. I must get'it in directly if I can, but I must wait as well as work; they say, 'murder will out,' but I don't believe it, I have proved the con trary; surely I shall not fail now when the prize is almost within my grasp.' But for all this she was nervous, anx. ious, and fearful; it was easy enough to rob another human being of life, but to put her own neck in jeopardy struck her with a feeling of remorse and terror, such as no suftering on the part of others could have excited. The disgrace, the shame, the agony of 4 public and violent death I She pictured it all, the grim prison walls, the solemn looking faces of the governor and sheriff and chaplain; the horrible hangman who had sent on their long and premature journey so many sinful wretches who had stained their souls with the crime of murder. But no, she vowed she would never come to that, she would take her own life if need be and she must. She was a coward at heart, however, and she sat trembling and shivering be fore a bright fire, the rolling eyes of her dead uncle as she thought she had seen them the last time in bis study, seeming to glare out on her from every corner of the room. It was some two or three hours later before Dr. Beard came to see Carrie, in reply to her message, and when he did so his face was set and stern and he was unusually silent, answering her questions in the fewest words possible. 'You say you are convinced my father did'not die a natural death ?' she asklted, in horror. 'I did say so, but it is premature to discuss anything. The inquest will take place to-morrow. Everyone must sym pathise with you; but if your father has been murdered you would not like to see the guilty person go unpunished ?' 'Certainly not,' was the firm reply. SAnd yet I cannot imagine who could have had a motive for injuring my dear father.' Dr. Beard shook his head. We can all think,' he observed slowly, but the less any of us say upon the subject at present the better. Whiat I would beg of you now is to exercise calmness and fortitude. Respect for your" father's memory rather than grief for his loss should sustain all who loved him. I will see you .to-morrow. Good-bye,' and he left her. ' Respect for my father's memory,' re plied the girl to herself when left alone. What can he mean ? He cannot sup pose that papa took his own life. There was'no cause for it, Besides, he. would not be such a coward,' and her eyes ' The last of. the Carews of Clovelly .to end his own life ! I would not believe it if my father were to come backl from the dead to tell me he had done so.' And she walked about the darkened room, her .natural energy of character aroused by the bare suggestion of disgrace being attached to the memory of the parent she loved so dearly, and to the ancient name of which she was so proud. She was interrupted in her indignant reverie by the entrance of Mrs. Winstay. ' I've put off troubling you as long as I can--but I must.talk with you for a few minutes, Miss Carrie, about your mourn ing and that of the servants. I've ordered everything, and it only wants your ap proval. We shall be all called to morrow, I expect-and it will only be right and proper for us all to be dressed in black.' 'All be called,' repeated Carrie ' What can we say? ' I saw and heard nothing unusual, and as for poor papa killing himself, I no more believe it than, I do that you or I would do it, Mrs. Winstay.' .: ' Nor do I, Miss Carrie.' 'Then what do you think ? Dr. Beard says we must not talk, butI ami bewildered. I can. trust you, ;Winstay dear. What do you think of it? :'Tell me.' SI think it is murder, Miss Carrie; but don't say a word. We shall' know more to-morrow. But do keep your 'courage up and don't give way to crying; and you must have a black dress with crape.' But Carrie paid no heed to the latter part of the sentence. 'Murder,' she repeated; but who could have done it?' Mrs. Winstay shrugged her shouldere, and looked into the eyes of Carrie Carew with anexpression that made the young lady start. But she asked no further questions. The same suspicion was in the mind of both, but each Sound it too terrible for utterance. CHAPTER XII. The evenirig of the same . day,'and Milly Bray was sitting in the room with her mistress, busily stitching some crape on a black merino dress, when she sud denly lifted her head and asked : 'Was Sir John dead when you went in to his room on Monday night, ma'am ?' 'What ?' asked Hilda Kempson her face becoming white with terrori, and something still more dangerous to *her questioner. 'The night Sir John died, ma'am, yoQ. went into his study at aquarter to 'ten, I saw you, and I heard the clock strike the time : you knocked at the door twice, and then you went in; I was wondering if the master was living then. - ". . For the moment Hilda made no reply, but she rose to her feet, her very lips livid, walked over to the girl's side, and clutched her shoulder in such a vyce-like grip, that ?Iilly uttered a cry of pain,, and cowered under it.;. ..'I did. not go the study, sihe .said, in a low concentrated tone, :shaking I!Milly fiercely;' 'look at me and reminember what Isay.' I. did not go to the,?'study ;that night,' and if you dare say I did,:I will iruin' you, body and soul rememberi body and soul. My word against .youirs, ind what is yotirs. wrth ? You have things in your: trunks 'which were mine; theft is punished'-with' penal: servitude, so you know what to exp'ect." "' . '.But I never stole anything:in my l.iife, ma'am, what'I've'go tthat Wvis yours, you gave me,' , .* Thit is wllat you say. It is;i:y :ord against'yoUirs. I was never iri tlat "study enithat night, remember ; if' you: dare to say I was, I will do all I have promised, and more,- You can take your choice,' and sheflihng'the girl from her, iasthough w;ith,the cotisciousness thatshe was tramp ling upon a worm. : But a.worm will turn, and-with the harmlessness, of the .dove Milly com bined, also, someof the wisdom of the serpent.' She was frightened it is true, and her shoulder'for some days would show the print, of the cruel finger marks, but she shook hersell, saying: ~"'You needn't hurt me, ma'am.; it doesn't matter to me whether you went to' the study or not, but I'm not. going to be' called a thief, you shall have all the things you've given me back again; a thief indeed, as though I'd take a straw as didn't belong to me,' and Milly started to her feet, and flung down her work as though in a passion of indignation, H-lilda Kempson felt that she bad over shot her mark; and she said with a sudden contrition: 'I beg your pardon, Milly, I scarcely thought of what I was saying, but you are mistaken in thinking I went into the study that night, for I did not. Think no more of what I have said; 'there is that purple silk, I shall not wear it again for a long whie, as I must be in .mourning, you can have it, you can make a very pretty cos tume for yourself out of it. Forget what I have said. I shall raise your wages, too, in the course of a month or two. Now get on with that crape as quickly as ypu can. To which Milly replied: ' Thank you, ma'am,' and as well as her tfemblingfingers would permit continued her work, but, let her hands work swiltly as they would, her brain was still more active. ' This, then, explained the half-written slheet of paper, which, all crumpled tili, she had taken when running into the boudoir after her meeting with Godfrey Sloecombe. Then it will be remembered she had found her mistress lying senseless, and while she looked at her, Hilda Kempson's hand- unclosed, the paper rolled to the girl's feet, and she picked it up mechani cally, then ran off to her own room to divest herself of her hat and cloak prior to returning to try to restore animation to the unconscious woman. Thoughtless of its value she had left the crumpled paper on her dressing-table, and it was only the offer of a sovereign for,its recovery that quickened her senses to its possible value, otherwise she might not even have read it. : If it were worth a sovereign to her mis tress, it might be worth as much to herself, and a perusal of it showed her that it' no more belonged by right to Hilda Kempsod than it.did to herself. Evidently it was the handwriting of.. Sir John Carew, a letter addressed to his daughter, but half finished, and 'sne would have carried it to Carrie at nrce,;'for by the time she. had read it she knevw Sir John was dead, but for one --name that Wis-:written upon it, and that was the name of her lover, the man she had promised to go to the other side of the world to marry, the name of Godfrey Sloecombe. ' I can't do no good,' she argued,'' till Godfrey comes back, or I see him,.and I don't like to.say I took it opt of- Hilda's hand, it l6oks mean like; though I didn't think of it till it was done, and she said she'd give me a pound to find it; she must have took-it out of the study, and if so, 'twas after the master was. dead ; and she knew of it and never told anybody, and that's what must have made her faint besides hertight stay-lace. I wish God frey was here to advise me and clear all this up ; but I'll ask her if the master was alive when she went in the study, and see what she says. After which Milly's mind wandered'off to her lover, and she lived over and over again the few rapturous minutes she had spent with him in the rose bower. 'It'll be a long time to wait,' she sighed, rousing herself from her dream, ' but we shall meet again, and I shall be his wife,' and she closed her eyes in ecs tacy at the blissful idea. Thus: it Iwas that two days elapsed before Millyhad the opportunity of asking the questton she intended and the' answer to ?which we have heard, For fuliy another hour after the gift of the purple silk she plied her needle until the work she was about was finished, then she showed it to her mistress, tried it on her,,.and finally managed to get away without seeming to be in haste".and escaped to her own room. 'It's she who's done it I' she groaned, as she shut herself in h`er own chamber, 'or if she didn't do it she knows who did. Dr. Bristol perhaps, that maybe why she sent for him. But to brazen it out to me as she did, that she nevei went' into. the study, when I saw her with my own eyes,. and to threaten to charge'. me with theft: when she knows I'm honest as the day. She may. keep her' fine dresses and her better wages too, II'1 have none of them. If I thought they'd believe me to-morrow I'd tell the jury all I know. But they wouldn't; she's right, her word against mine would sweep me away just like a small leaf is carried off by a river; no, 'I musn't speak unless they make me; but I'll get away froim here as soon as I can, and I'll leave every rag thiat she has giveni me behind. But I'll do more. They might try' to put Godfrey against me, and his name is written in that paper, too, by SirJohn..I'll just write and tell him about Mrs. Kempson, and what I've seen and hdard her say, and do about this matter, and I'll wrap it and the paper up together and hide.it away. I can't'send it to him because I don't know where to post it to, hut I'11:write it all down while it's fresh.jin my mind, so that 'I'll not forget it.' With which resolution Milly werit about her accustomed duties, waited upon her mistress as usual, and showed no sign of resentment, or even of remembrance of the threats and rough shaking which had be'en dealt her. Had Hilda IKempson seen her for hours and hours as the night wore on, however,.she might have trembled in her downy bed. "Unused as Milly ?was to writing, troublesome as shefound the task, dili gently s'he worked: away at her self appointed duty, and the clock had struck five and' some of the:servants:were begin ning to rise, when she blew out her candle and tumbled for a fewv hours:into'bed. Her wgrk was done; however, her story told on paper. The next 'question was, what to dowith it? At first she'put it under her pillow, but it.could not long remain'there, and then she:thought of a little japanned glove box that a sailor cousin had'brought her home fromChina, and alter having tied up her precious papers with a piece of silk and written Godfrey Sloecombe's name on them she shut.the packet up in this box. Still the box bad to be disposed of; its contents were safe from damp and mice, and she racked her brains to remember stories she had read which would help her, but nothing came to her aid. Suddenly she remembered that a cupboard that was part of the wall, and in which she kept all kinds of odd boxes and odds and ends, wvas in a very dilapidated condition. If she could just scrape out enough of one side of the wall in whica to insert her box and paste something over the aperture, it would be as secure as though in an iron safe. No sooner conceived than put into exe cution. Half.an-hour's work found the small box securely walled in and no trace outside of its being so, except that the paper which covered the space was of. a different pattern to that which was on the rest of the wall of the cupboard. Tbhen Milly went down to breakfast, it being still too early for her mistress to be awakened. It was not a lively meal. One subject engrossed the minds of all present, and that, the coroner's inquest which was to take place this day, it had been tacitly agreed was not to be even alluded to. Who was to be called tO give evidence or bequestioned was not known, and the silent speculation concerning the calamity whichla hIad befallen the head of the house made anything like a keen appetite out of the question. They had just risen from table, and Milly was about to go up and knock at Mrs. Kempson's door, when she was in formed that Mrs. Searle, from Nethercliff, had come to see her. Startled and somewhat alarmed, the girl glanced at the housekeeper. 'Show her in my room,' said Mrs. WVinstay. 'But I don't want to see her,' objected Milly. 'Nonsense l you must. Shall. I go with you ?' 'Oh, if you please, ma'am. I don't know what's come over me; I'm nervous, and not myself to.day.' And Milly looked pale and hollow-eyed enough to warrant anyone in sending her to bed. 'You musn't give way to it,' said the housekeeper kindly.' 'We are none of us vell; how can we expect to be. Here, let us go to Mrs. Scarle; no doubt she has come with a message from her promis ing son.' 'The scoundrel !' hissed the girl with more vindictiveness than one would have supposed her capable of. Then she gave her head a defiant toss, and followed the elder woman to the housekleeper's room. There stood Mrs. Searle, too impatient to.sit, her face haggard and excited, arid as Milly came into the room, with scant courtesy to Mrs. Winstay, she at once ad dressed her. ' Where is Jacob ?' she asked wildly. .I don't know. I only hope I mnay never see him again,' was the reply, and with a shrug of disgust. ' But where is he ? He hasni't been home since Monday night; he went mad over your red and. white face, you vile hussy ! Coming over to the farm and pretending to like to see me, and leading an honest man to his ruin i Where is my .son ? What have you done with him ?' shrieked the anxious niother in.her excitement. ' Hush; don't you know there's death in the house asked Mrs. Winstay sternly. Milly's brovw contracted, and her pale face flushed red, as she said : Mrs. Searle, your son Jacob tried to do me the greatest wrong .a man could do a woman, the night I came to see you; the last time I was at Nethercliff. How I got away from him and escaped, heaven knows, I don't, but T got here at last, mazed, mad! if he'd succeeded in his wickedness, I should have thrown myself in the lake and never showed my face to honest people again. She knows' -with a glance at the housekeeper-- the stale I came home in,. my hands and clothes were. torn; I've got some of the marks and bruises on me now, and-I was as near being mad as I well could be. You needn't wonder after that, when I hope I may never see Jacob Searle again I' 'He was sorry for it; he'd have nmarried you Ihe worships the very ground you walk upon I'' . ' Then he shouldn't have shown it like a wild beast as 'be is ! Only Monday last be'd have thrown me in the river,' if Baltic and someone else hladn't come just in': time to save me. He'll be doing mtirder some of these days !' 'Who will?' asked Garston, who at that moment came into the 'room. " Jacob Searle.. ' Why, do you know about it ?'i . ' Know about what ?' The man hesitated, lodking uneasiiy.;ait Mrs, 'Seaile. SWhat is it ?' the"asked eagerly';''.tell me.' 'I'd rather you'd hear it from someone else., 'No, tell me, I insist upon it. S'Well, thee, Jacob Scairle is in prison for murder! - ' . . ..: .' Muirder !' repeated Milly with hiorror. who' hashe killed ?' But Mrs. Searle's shrieks drowned the answer. CHIAPTER XIII. TriHE request to which Hilda Kempson looked forward to with such nervous dread was., held in the great ..'dining-hiall ''at Clovelly-Court ..at twelve o'clock. The coroner andjury having viewed the body. as it lay in state iin the Red Room, re turned'to the hall, which for this occasion had become plblic. , First of the witnesses exitmiined was Garston, who described how he found the body of his master when. he knocked at the study door to ask if any thing more would be wanted before' the servants went to bed. Further questioned, he described how Sir John had left the dinner tahble in dis pleasure, and how Mrs. Kemp?sdn had ordered him to take the port wide :into his master's study. He had dorie so, plaiing the decanter and a wine glass on the- writing 'table. The decanter was nearly full. Mo:re thati one glass could not have been taken out of it, and that one glass hebelieed Mrs. IKempiison had drink, asshe saw some in her 'wine-gliass when she ordered hi.: to carry the decanter awavy. He had-not tasted the wine himself. Sir John was not in the habit of drink ing more than twvo or three glasses' after dinner; :When he found his master dead' the decanter was empty. Its contents had evidently been thrown upon the coals. It was that which first made hith think lall was not qniteright. Upon Ihich the coroner and juiry went to the study, which had beeii kept 'lbocked since that fatalnight, and there.saw the black pool that had dripped from the coal scuttle on to the carpet. One of the jury men also pickled up a handkerchief from under th'e chair in'which the baronet had died, and onit wasmniarked thename:. ;: 'Godfrey Sloecombe.' . No comment was made about it at the time; but it was put down as one imore scrap of r.vidence. Returning to the dining- hall, Dr. Beard gave his evidence. He had' been called to see Sir John the morning alter his death; he was the family doctor, and on examin ing his old 'patienit was not satisfied as to the 'cause of his death.... He had analysed a portion of the liquid found oi 'the'study carpet, anl had found prussic acid in it.. He had also made a post-mortem examination, and had found prussicacid in the stomach of the deceased; he 'had ni doubt but this poison was the cause of death. Dr. Bull, a man who ranked high as a chemical analyst, corroborated Dr. Beard's statement as tothe contents of the stomach; and one point seemed settled beyond question-that the aged baronet had died from the effects of poison taken in port wine. The idea of suicide was scouted at once. A man who wished to poison himself would not have poured the deadly drug into the decanter, neither could he have got up to throw away what he was, unable to drink, and have returned to his seat to die. His very attitude, too, when found dead precluded the idea; the paper which he had evidently been writing was missing. Suspicion, therefore, must rest upon one of three persons-Mrs.. Kempason, George Carston, the butler, and Godfrey Sloecombe, once secretary to the mur dered man. - It is surprised how a prejudice will, after a time, be taken as: though it were so much circumstantial evidence. Godfrey S'oecombe's sudden disappearance had occasioned, as I have previously observed, a good, deal of surprise, question, 'and curiosity, which had never been satis factorily answered or cleared up. Suddenly, again, he had come back to the neighbourhood on the very day at the close of which Sir John met his death, alid to fasten these suspicious circumstances into a certainty- of guilt, a pocket-hand kerchief marked with his name was found on the very scene of the murder. Wthat could be mnore cnnclusive ? To suspect Garston seemed absurd.. He had no motive in committing such a crime -had nothing to gain by it, and had shown every desire to bring the matter to light and have it thoroughly investigated, by no means the instincts of a murderer. And as for suspecting Mrs. Kempson the idea in itself was an insult. Sir John's only brother's daughter, whom he had received in her widowhood as a'daughter-to whom nothing had been denied-who had everything to lose'and nothing to gain by sucha 'crime. Who could entertain 'such a thought for an instant? ? . . So Godfrey Sloecombe was: th ony person upon whom such guilt coilld be laid, and though it.via riot very .clear what profit he could gaiti by such a crirtpe; or what 'injliry, real or 'imaginary, he" had to avenge, the inquest was adjourned that Godfiey Sloecombe miight be brought up and examined.. :'There was one person who, when she heard of the quarter suspicion had been th?dwn 'upon, thought the whole world must have gone mad, and this was Milly Bray. Godfrey Sloecombe a miurderer I he had notbeen inside the Court that day, arid yet circumstances had been piled one on the oitherigt make it seem impossible that anyone else could be guilty of the cride. Bill Stacy's story of the. black 'ghost now came in to show how the. murderer got.. in and out of the study without exciting the attention of the inmates of the house, and although, on examination, no marks were visible exactly outside the study windows, the same: could not'be said of one of those of the next room. No rain had lallen for severaldays, and bh 'the soft flower-beds there were marks of. footsteps, which, the detectives care fully took casts of. ' But the. footprints were of different- sizes, a -man's: and a woman's. They coincided with the general.theory, either, for a man and woman had walked to the' window and away from it, but only on one of these occasions did they seem to have been together, they were so wide apart. The woman, too, had worn hilh French heels to her shoes or boots, ast evidenced in the deep :indentation in the soil which ith'ey had made. More than this, a piece of fine muslin work, evidently torn from some woman's skirt or under garment, hung on a nail where it.bad daught as she hadgot out of or returniedby the window,. ., 'All ithis the keen detectives found, bht they kelpt the result of theii'..search close and secret. If the newspaper reporters once got hold of it peopie would be on their guard, and in their opinion, justice would be baffled. Milly had-not been present.at the inquest. She.was, indeed, too ill to do or say 'anythiag. The fright her 'inistress had given her, the sleepless night she had passed, and Mrs. Searle's visit, added to the news of Jacob's imprisonment on the charge of murder, though, as yet, the victim's name had not transpired-all this had completely upset the .girl's by: rio means strong nerves, and: she' went off into a fit of sobs, that threatened every moment to terminate in violent hysterics: ' Put her to bed; don't let' her be distlirbed,' said' Mis.: .Kemipsbn,. with seeming' kindness, and- Milly was half carried, half led, tip to lietr room, while Mrs. Searle.was taken backl in her own trap to Nethercliff. The chapter of accidents were all ir favour of Hilda Kempson. She bad determined to keep Milly out of the room in which' the coronsr and .jqry were assembled, lest she' should say-some thing that would turn the tide of suspiciod 'against herself, atthing the girl would have been sure to do, when she heard ' her lover's name mentioned, and though Hilda had no idea of Milly's love for Godfrey, a presentiment of danger made her. resolve to keep her eye upon her until this ihquiry was over. a ..od ..Had it been safesto do sb, Hilda :would have had but few qialms of conscience in definitely disposing of Milly as she had done of her' uncle, but there is ai linjit to' ssuccessfuil crime, and Hilda's instinct told her that forthe presentiat':least she had reached it; :, rAnd Milly. lay~in bed, sobbing until she 'cried herself to sleep and woke up soi'e hlurs' later towonder what;wais going on in other parts of the mansion. SIt was 'all very dreadful, and yet. not a suspicion 'of the awful truth dawned upon her mind.. She 'was shocked at Jacob Searle liaving committed murder, and yet it iias only what might have' been expected from him; but Godfrey---her Godlrey was safe,'far away at asea, every. hour put ting a'greater distance between them, and ye't drawing them nearer, becadse it was one ltss tiken froni the 'time'that must elapse'before they would meet again. It must have been quite four o'clock b'efore anyone came aear iher, thiugh a bell-rope was ivithin reach and.she could have 'summoned a servant if she had chsen;. at that time, however, one of the housemaids appeared carrying a tray and closely followed by Mrs. Winstay, who came up the stairs panting. .. :That Wvill do, Sarah,' said. the house keeper, as the other seemed inclined' to. loiter; then she added, turning to Milly : ' Here is some chicken broth andsa glass of sherry, it will do you good, tiy to diink it.'., . - " . By this time the two ''were alone and ,Milly, looking at the tempting food sus piciously;, askcd ' Who sent it to me ?' 'No one, I brought it.! 'And is it safe ?'. with a glance that was far more eloquent thhad words.. • Quite safe,. I looked 'after it myself, come, swallow it at once, or I shall have to send for a doctor for you.': Wtereupon Milly obeyed, and was soon refreshed and roused by the food. 'Is it over?' she asked with a glance at the floor. ' Yes,' for the time.' 'And what is it ?' ' Murder i' 'Against?' 'They have issued a warrant for the arrest of Godfrey Sloecombe on suspic. jons I' ' Godtrey !' exclaimed the girl, spring. ing from the bed in her excitement, Phat do they mean? He is as innocent of i as you or'I. I was with him at the tinme and I saw her go into the study as I went out tomeet him,' then she gasped, re. membering her mistress's threats. 'Hush!' said Mrs, Winstay, in an alarmed tone, ' you shall tell me all about it another time,' and she glanced ner vously towards the door. * Do get into bed and be quiet, Milly, she added, in a more authoritative tone, ' we shallb have to get a doctor or send you home to your4 grandmother if you are not more reason. able.' "' ' Who is unreasonable ?' and Hilda Kempson walked into the room; the housekeeper's cars bad not deceived her. 'This girl,' she replied angrily, 'I tell her she must lie in bed till to-morrow, and she's as bad as poor Mrs. Searle, as though if a man will commit murder, he ought not to be left to hang for it. Now, l^gy, if you don't get into bed and lie quietly, I'll send for a doctor at once, and then nobody knows when you will be able to get about again,' and partly by persuosion, partly by force, the girl was got back into bed. 'What is really the matter with her? asked Hildia Kempson, in a low tone. .' Excited by Mrs. Searle, and the hor rible crime her.son is in prison for. He was a loeicr of hers; she must be hept ouiet.' -Her mind is riot wandering, is it?' was the next question, with scarcely con. cealed anxiety. _ • ' Not in the least.' That is well i but I get light-headedat once iwhen I have a nervous attack on me, and then I talk all sorts of rubbish, and recount things, that never happened, and never could r' and then, with a word or. two to the girl, Mrs. Kempson de. scended from the servants' quarters to her own luxuriant rooms. *Shei mnkes my flesh creep,' whispered the girl, when her mistress had gone, 'you should have seen her last night when she gripped my shoulder. Look, herearethe marks now !' and she loosened her night dress and showed the blue lines where the cruel fingers had crushed thesoftflesh; 'but tell me all about it. I must know every thing; I feel as though I should go mad, Godfrey, indeed !'. *Sn the' housekeeper repeated all she had heard, laying great stress upon the handkerchief'found in the study. 'But it 'wasn't there the night Sir John *died, or \we must have seen it,' urged the girl: ' I didn't see it,' replied the house. keeper, 'nor did I see it the neut morning ; but one of the jury.men picked it up himself.' ' I must see it, I dare stake my life that handkerchief was never in Godfrey's pocket. He's gone to New Zealand, too; they'll have to wait long enough to catch him. Who'isit that Jacob Searle has killed ?'. 'I don't know, the news hadn't come; .but you are .telling too much orloo little, M illy.' - .: ' I'll think about it, perhaps I will tell yooiu everything. You'll comeup in the eiening, .won't you, between eight and nine? Then I'll have my mind made up. Poor, dear GodIrey, the idea of its bing thought that h'e killed Sir John, and,Mis, ,Winstay, 'as the housekeeper reached the door, 'try to find out who is it that Jicm Searle has killed, will y6u ?' i-' Yes;: Ill tell you this evening; t( to sleep again.' And so Mrs. Winstay went to attendli various other duties';' but she did not go up to Milly Bray that evening, for many tongued rumour had brought the infor. manlion, uncorroborated by any evidence it is true, that Jacob Searle'was in prison for the death of Godfrey Sloegombe. CHAPTER XIV. - Whea Godfrey Sloecombe left lilly with the intention of walking over to Connor's Grove. to meet the boat which was to be there at eleven o'clock to take him to the Curlew,that lay in Plymouth Sound, he calcullated too much on 'his previous knowledge of the country. : Had the moon been shining, or had it been even a bright starlight night, he could have found his way without much diti. culty. But though not densely dark, it was sufficiently so to make the hedges and lanes: and roads seem each one like the other toanyone not intimately acquainted with them. More than once he thought he heard footsteps behind him and pausedto listen, but he could distinguish nothing with any certainty,.and though he would have teen glad to meet someone who could here directed him, he walked on rapidly, set tain that every step brought him nearerto the sea-shore. -It was a few minutes after ten when h' left MRilly, and it must have wanted irt little to eleven when the surge of the o breaking against the cliffs fell upon hise,. and by the dim light which his eyes at getting accustomed to he could seethat: was on what are called the High C:i fully two hundred feet above the leveld the sea, against the base of which the i coming tide was roaring as though in lut at the barrier opposed to it. He uttered an exclamation of i patience, took out his watch, and lihtd a fusee to see its face by, for he waes tll s'bme distance from the spot he wished i reach. The temporary light thus obtainsd threw its reflection on his face, remontg any possible doubt as to his identity, and he was about to replace, the watch and hurry on his way, for it wanted live mioltluit to eleven, when a man seemned to spl?ti out of the darkness, dash the rwatch o his hand, and clutch his throat in a ut derous grip. Godlrey Sloecombe was not astrongtna compared with his antagonist, but he ht the advantage of scientific skill, and in I few seconds Jacob Searle had been dun upon the ground, unnijured, it is ts but maddened beyond all control. He had started from home to cot murder, but there are different wa)'s accomplishing an object, and the pit ready loided was only taken as a lastrt tingency, in case circumstances or intended victim's strength or frienstere " too much for him. Now, with the madness of pt?tt defeat upon him, he drew his pistol rushed back upon his victim. Nor 5 Godfrey prepared for him; his catcdt valuable one, and a present from John Carew, had been struck from band, and he was gropineg about ont ground in the hope of recorering it hIis assailant again came towards liim 1 What do you want ? Who are :, he aslced. tinted and publishod by Thomas Dasi't, proprietor, at, tho 'Evenin ??.ua? 