ORETTO CONVENTS, BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) On Monday evening, the 15th inst., the exhibition and distribution of prizes at Loretto Convent, Mary's Mount, Wendouree, took place. The Bishop of the diocese pre' sided, the following clergymen being also present:—Bight Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R. Very Rev. Fr. Lee, C.SS.Sp. (president of Holy Ghost College), Rev. Fr. Bergghman, C.SS.R., Revs. Fr. Croagh, C.SS.Sp., Fr, Brennan, C.SS.Sp., Fr. Schmidt, C.SS.Sp., G. Doyle, Dr. Delany, J. F. Rogers, J. J. Cleary, C. Logan, and D. Foley. There was a large number of visitors from Melbourne and many citizens of Ballarat. Although the exhibitions given in Mary's Mount are known throughout Australia for their excellence, the one thiB year surpassed, if possible, those of former years. The paintings, drawings, and needlework were laid out in the long cloister, and the visitors expressed much delight at the splendid exhibition, which proved that the hours in Loretto are not spent in idleness. Several dresses, made by the pupils, and a handsome wedding-cake, the work of the domestic economy class, drew forth special praise. The large school-room was beautifully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and a stage was erected at one end. The drop soene, repre' seating the Port Philip Heads, is surpass ingly beautiful. When the curtain rose a charming sight met the gaze. The children, dressed in white with blue sashes, were seen standing on a gallery draped in scarlet, the performers on the violin being ranged on a platform at the foot of the gallery. The proceedings commenced by an address to his Lordship the Bishop, being read by one of the young ladies, a few words of welcome to the assembled guests being also said. A programme of music, etc., was then gone through, and the admirable way in which each of the young ladies performed her part called forth the approbation of the visitors present. The musical portion (vocal and instrumental) was, as is usual in Loretto, of a high class, a noticeable feature being that all the pieoes were played without the use of the score. The violinists numbered fourteen. But perhaps the most attractive part of the programme was the literary piece, illustrating Loretto education in three scenes, "Domestic Economy," "Arts, Sciences," and "Religion," representing the threefold education whioh go to make a complete woman. The young ladies who took part acquitted themselves exceedingly well, the elocution being particularly good, the utterances distinct, and the gestures and intonation excellent. A number of musical pieces incidental to the various scenes were introduced. After the distribution of the prizes, his Lordship the Bishop congratulated the young ladies upon the admirable manner in whioh they had gone through their performances, and praised the good nunsof Loretto for the great work they were doing in training our Catholic young ladies to fill with dignity whatever position in society—no matter how elevated—they might hereafter be placed in. The fame of Mary's Mount was knows throughout the length and breadth of Australia. He was glad to see such a large number of visitors present, amongst whom were some non-Catholics. Their presenoe was a proof of their appreciation of the high-claBB education which was given in this convent— an education which, he felt sure, could not be surpassed in Australia. Mr. D. Brophy, K.G.G., expressed, on behalf of the laity, the pleasure they felt at being present that evening, and witnessing the beautiful entertainment which the young ladies had given them. The company then adjourned to the dining-hall, where a Bupper waB tastefully laid out. The rev. mother desires to acknowledge •with thanks the gifts of special prizes from his Lordship the Bishop for - Christian doctrine ; Mrs. Matheson, needlework; Mr. Irvine, South Western Vineyard, for oil painting ; and Mr. King, for Christian doctrine. The annual exhibition and distribution of prizes in connection with the Loretto College, Dawson-street, was held on Thursday, 18th inst. The large schoolroom was beautifully decorated with flowers and evergreens. The Bishop presided, the following clergymen being also present -.—Right Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., Revs. Fr. Bergghman, C.SS.R., Fr. Lee, C.SS.Sp., Fr. Brennan, C.S.Sp., Fr. Schmidt, C.S.8p. Fr. Doyle, Dr. Delany, Fr. Rogers, Fr. Logan, Fr. Foley. Amongst the laity I noticed Messrs. James Coghlan, K.G.G., D. Brophy, K.G.G., Dr. Mullaly, J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., J. Cotter, Ryan, M. Walsh. An address to his Lordship having been read; a very interesting programme was gone through. The opening piece, the overture, " Euryanthe," was played on the pianoforte with muah taste by one of the pupils. Then C followed the kindergarten action song, " The Japanese Fan." This waB really, a beautiful sight and a novel performance, mod called forth the approbation of every person p present. Among the other items exceptionally well rendered was a scene entitled nL " Shakspeare's t :*Merrie • Meetinge," representing ah interview between the bard and : A g l several of the characters of his works Tho various characters were exceeding^ personated by the young ladies as regards dress and other accessories, and th« elocution was excellent. At the con olusion of the programme the BishoD addressed those present, and said:-It wiU ill-become us to separate without tendering our grateful thanks to the Sisters of Loretto for the beautiful entertainment we have been The excellen S f ^ ™ ^ t »S in which the children have performed their various parts was a proof of the great care bestowed upon their training by the nuns f*om the beginning this school has BUT,.' plied a want that had long been felt. The Catholics of Ballarat have now the oppor turuty of procuring for their children a superior education. It is therefore a great pleasure to be present this evening, and to witness the work in every department that is being done here. We are under many obligations to the Sisters. They have raised the status of our own people; and even a number of our non-Catholic friends have availed themselves of the advantages of the schools of Loretto. Parents have had an opportunity this evening of judgine for themselves of the character of the education imparted here. Some of the ladies present this evening have had the happiness of receiving their education in this very college, and I feel sure they folly appreciate it, and are grateful for the advantages they have received at the hands of the good nuns who devote their lives to so high and so holy a work; and I hope that the present pupils will follow their example. The Bishop concluded by wishing them a holy Christmas and a happy New Year. A vote of thanks was then passed to his Lordship, on the motion of Mr. D. Brophy, K.G.G., and seconded by Mr. James Coghlan, K.G.ci! The nuns desire to acknowledge with thanks gifts of prizes by Revs. Fr. Doyle and Fr. Rogers, and Mrs. D. Brophy. 