Nffovdlst. 'WYTHRED'S WHARF. ^ CHAPTER .'I.. . s.-.ss* Between Thames-street and.thoRiver o .-vl Thames, upon a spot-on which the castle 1*S of an English tnouardty once stood, thero %*§ stands a lofty, warehouse— so lofty that even at raid-day it throwB some shadow Twf upon the broad wharf below; It is a busy scene ? fotoptju thai silent fwss highway, where formerly the . gilded jfM barges of royalty glided; tol and Jr'o»'wiih 4jjw .cargoes of dames' and courtiers, black f W - Dirges now pnss.in slow procession, lea by hS asthmatic tugs of thd most democratic ap nf pearance. . Sr Hero laughter seldom greets the car ; f - the hoarse shouts are heard of barge and » . lightermen, and the constant trundling of . iron trucks loaded with svsks, boxes and bales; but above all other. noise sounds the rattliug chainwork of huge cranes when the goods are lifted into the air and swallowed up at some wide aperture upon one of the numerous floors of the warehouse— a . warehouse which would seem to boast of unlimited accommoda \- tion^ fbr the. unloading from the lighters ? and', the' .lifting of merchandise into ? - . ofte storeroorri or another go on day after day. . I ? k- . Upon the first 2loor of this, warehouse, I - looking out upon the river. Is Mr. Lin tock'a ofiice. Sir. Lintock is the proprie v^k tor. Wythred's wharf and. warehouse ^aviB b°e9 *n family for generations. vS. Few richer men are to be found than \^LTt-hn Lintock in city of London ; and ?^^ISy.et, ns he 'sat latS one afternoon at his v^gllesk, this prince wharf- owner had a dis Sbntented, troubled .'90k*. Hia bi*ow was ^&ep;!y wrinkled, an ( the expression inhis ^e^es was that of a man who -was con-* 4-aSnA^^Q^tcd by some distressful kuock at his ofHce door, for obvious reason, startled him. If was ?ttjpowing dusky on the river, and. the meu jSEonS beginning to disperse for the night. ? Xt was. duskier still in th$: wharf-ownor's .-T-ibom. ?: ? ' . ? Who's that?' ' Mr. tintockj.half ;v -t:*- lienor, 'shaded his eyes with his hand. Docket ?' * r. . :vV- ^^ea, sir.^' ' . that's right. 'Well, Ducket,. -Looting round the tg&pro; 'room the . maiusaSd : ? **' 'ShlU I light your lamjysir ?M asked Duck$t3[ \- ' -Jd2DucUet, I aiiall hot need it to ? might rjlam going home? Have you Any '? thingfljsay V' \- Ducket was 3fr.- Lintock W foreman. ? H* w#§ a broad-shouldered man, with Jarse limbs and a great, honest face. His ? figure ^Bfas angular — a rather gaunt form, ai^r.ivatfcd iu its stoup by constantly ' betiding to life heavy .weights.. He had iho keen, .'kcarchiiig eyes of one luug ac customed to^thosiipprviaion of a hive of workmen ' ''tea wished&e; totell yoa/fiir, 'when . I saw- Clogstoimimin.'V^. ^ ? ? 4#,.\Veli y' said aBr. Lmtock, noticing : Bome.hefiitation. 'i* i ^ 14 1 havo seen hi^a* Aboirt fche-w-'aT&', ^ ' Xo^ha.has giv«kop coming hone. ^ - He 'took the hint I ore him last time and has stoppf-d'coming^iis way, though ; X never thought 1m wouIK' ? ' V^lieK', then, did;«)u see him?' . asked Mr. Lintock.' ' \- tc On London Brjdgc. £9 was lounging there, sir, leaning over taf parapet. It was getting dark, and-ljpw hiro look at jji'e warehouse apd thcn^Kto the river, as ' l&jiehad; lulf a.nijnd uVdrown hirasclf. ' I'm a-thi/lking, tir, thflpe's getting a bit V A danger to tijaBotf,' Jhe- wharf . owner aus\vore4 tte^iitfully, ' 4 . ' And tojolfora, iff' said tho foreman, , ? arr^n;h«aht!y. plotting. A man \- 'like Cio^touu .'VouS slick at'' nothing, ' Wliafc '.do ^yojn mean by that, ?JDii^fot?'; - 'i3 Packet twUi-cd-hilSap in liw hand and g;^iic«d« dutr-of- tthSwindo'iV upon the fdarlo'niug ti'fer, ?* Pl«»ttiijg revcni», aaid ho. Pletlintf royenBv' repealed Duckof; with it quick looj^K liis master. ' Why, tlioss brojcon-dfpi, drunken cliaps like ? . Cl'igstomi, iW. jKvcn't anything to lose — llftjy sat no vaffio on life. ' Do youdlantlioir own ?' 1 ' Aye, '^F-neitherHicir oirn nor other peopfe'*^*^ Youll exctua me, sir but if you Jn|jieoii tlio face of him — ' Ti^^roman stopped abruptly. Some thi Mr. Lintock'* fnce alarmed him ; . ? MP' stab could ccarcely hare produced ? ? . i 'j»-™oro sndden change. But tho startled . ' i x[ire-sion paucd bofore he oould ask if his fliaJtur Vert ill, ?' Ducket,' sat'l Mr. Lintock, rising from h/* chair; ' if 'Ologstoun ever comes ? f to tho tfU'vl fou havo my leare to 'hand 1 ..himiover to 'ide police. Wo must run no . . -nks'iil ^ placo like this. . . I am clad to %a that you tfro alire to tKp fact that tho 1 uian is a dangerous charaaler.' V ? . ' As lia drovo thAt ovenip^,' toirard Lou don Bridge S tation . through the hunp-lit ?true!*. Mr. Lintock'peered res tloisljr out dikMio carriage'window ( and in tho large ?1. tliorou|,'bfares, wliore meu with uncouth, diisipated fjices hiUghed and talked at haMtpen tavern door*, ho looked about ? ; .hlijt'jritb the horror of one who dreaded k *? to rocogniso some ropulslw face among St-^tlieW.'vJtwaaiwtuutilfha wharf-owner ^k s^iifdrpai'ted ititb the crowded station that tbrrtr; off in tame degrixr jroa-l«ity nboat fefallow-inen,^;;^ the traiu .was on the point of RVrting. As ho stepped into an empty Qimpartmcnt and tji'G porter was closin/ tho door, a youog man came iip ojj of breatli and steeped in after him. Tjy tho dim liijht tbey recognised eacjf other as friends, *nd a wjrm exchjgge 0f greetings fol lowed. y f: 'Why, OvefbecV, what takes you to Greenwich, said the wharf-owner. . ' I was i^mirig to visit you.' ' 4me with us ?' 'Urn delighted to hear it.' _ kC matter of business between Ilr. VUitock and Percy Orerbeck had origi nally brought them together. Overbeck ha^ taken part of a house in Trinity Square as a junior partner in a Hamburg firm,-and often had occasion to land goods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger .days, had known Overbeek's parents ; and he had welcomed to a place on his hearth this son of lii3 old friends, as soon as he presented his letter of re commendation ; and so it came to pass that the young Hamburg merchant quickly learned to realise, that Mr. Lin tock had a fascinating daughter. Npr did he despair *of some day .winning Bertha Lintock's lifind. The train was in rapid motion. The two friends sitting opposite each other, were chatting pleasantly, when a startling change came .over Mr. 'T ''ick's face.. The expression was that of ot terror. With hi' Ves fixed as though he were fascinat# ' ixed upon tho further win dow of th irria^e — the wharf-owner sat pale and '& .cchless. . Overbed ;ould not withdraw his gaze ; and so completely did 'Mr. Lintock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment he imagined something super natural bid appeared to hiai. Turning his head to follow the direction of the wharf-owners eyes, Overbeck was sur prised to see no phantom-^ nothing visible beyond. the window but black.niglit, Overbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lin tock's arm. 'Aro -ve in driger? You stare as though you anticij 'ted ^something ter rible. If there is any rein—' „ ? ? ..Tho elder inan raised his haniv to silence his companion, at the same^tipie. covering his eyes with the other as if' to. shut out some repulsive sight. ? ' There is no danger — no danger now. It has gone by. ' This answer, in Overbeck's exited state of miud, did' Jiot satisfy. '?There was danger, thenf? If it was. real, and not mero fancy — ' ?'It was real. It's lucky we met to-night. Your presence has saved my life.' . ' ' ? '? : y: . ?? ' In what possible way?' . : ' 'Do not'question me no#!'' said Mr: Lintock, with great -earnestness. '1 sawv as distinctly as I see you at this mo ment, a f ico at that fartbor window-4a face tl]jit lias haunted me for'more than a year.' _ - ; Overbeck' sprang up to go to the car riage door ; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. ' ? 'Don't stir! The face has gone — it would bo madness !'r . ^ The engine shrieked, and. the carriages began to slacken pace. In another min ute the train had come to a standstill in. Greenwich Statfon.' ? / ' CHAPTER II. _ The Lintock ipansioi neighbor- hood of Greenwich Paj ^^^Urrounded by a high garden wall. 'TiS-gieat iron Rate, leading into a largo courtyard, : might have beon thd entrance to d prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Ovor-'. bock's inihd_with vague fears. I)ut when the front door was. thrown open, and ho stepped wiclrhi^rhoBt into a broad, well lighted hall, all senso of dregS was in-' stautly dismissed, for at tho foot of tho oaken staircase stood Bertha Linteck. She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at these luomenfa of preeting with her father ; not that her dark.oyes were wanting' in their eloquent expression of welcome., when thoy met his. But she simply Baid in a charming tono of well-feigned surprise : ? ' Mr. Overbeck. How very kind this is 1' as she took his proQered hand. ~ Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that she guessed something had re cently upset him. Was it posnible that such a trouble as this, which ho had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her fathops mind? Bertha's first words, when they were alono in the drawing room before dinner, ' Have you marked the change in my father ? To night ho does not secni tho same man,' con-, rinced Ovor beck that sho had been told nothing. _ ? . He is greatly changed,' replied the young man. ' I am much concerned about him.' ' Can anything be done ?' 'I sincerely hope your fatherwill talk to me of himself this evening. I shall draw him qut,' he added, laughingly, to reassure hor, ' over our cigar.' Bertha's cyos expressed her senso of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted ; in fact; lie left Bertha to do all the. talking ; so she and i'ercy con versed together- to their hearts' con tent. - A* soon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeck atood holding open tho door, the girl gave him one of those appealing looks as sho passed out which lie remembered Ion' after. ? ~ ° '? Now that wo ore alone,' said Mr, Lintock, ' I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of \he foco that haunts me. I.hare intended for some time, speaking tor- you. The in cident in tho train to-niglu '1ms- decided Overbook, having drawn forward nn armchair, lit n cigar, and looking uttuu. tively at Mr. Lintoelr, said : ; ' I am deoply interested.'. After a few minutes' 'pause, tho wharf, owner inquired : 'Do you romember, Overbook, an in dividual of tho namo of Clogstoun ' Overbeck shook his head. ' Ho was a workman on tho wharf, I dismissed him for insobriety,' 'A dark person, with black, hungry oyos J' asked Overbook. ' That's the man, as you decribo him— that'* tho man whoso face I saw at the carriago window to-night.' Tho younger iuan's iiojidioiuo eye* wore fixed searchingly upon lib host; : ' Not realty. ? 'Bqt,' said Overbeck, 'unless the roan Clo^toun is dead — ' ' Ho is not dead. He threatens me.; ho haa dono so for months. I see his face everywhere — everywhere,-' said Mr. Liu tock, glancing uneasily round the room. . For a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand across his eyes, as lie had done in the railway carriage'; but quickly re covering himself he said : ? ' Clogstoun had often -been employad on the- wharf, 'and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrelsome habits. He insulted ev^ryono he came across, when excited by drink, nntil it was thought he must be out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to his appeal to be given another chance, he muttered, ' You shan't ruin me for-no-' thing, Mr. Lintock ; you had better think this over.' I did not like his look then; there was a strange expression in his eyes — a look' that seemed to me to con tain a touch of insanity. . A few days afterward he accosted me in the street, .loaded me with insult, and vowed -he would not rest until he had tiken my life.' ' I..'; Overbeck started up with an angry ex clamation on his lips. - ' The man is mad I' ? . ' I treated this threat at first a? the silly utterance oE a drunkard,' continued Mr. Lintock. : ''It gave mo at' the iho 'ment no real nneasiuess. - . But as time went by, his conduct began' to alarm me. He again accostud me, and becamo more insolent. . I warned him that I should be forccd, if ho did not. cease to annoy me, to'tako the matter before' a magis-, trate.' : , \ , 'Ah! you did right. I should have done so at once, though.' , ' ' But that has no effect. . Hp still dogs my steps if I venture out aftor dark.! I see hi3'eyes fixed on me 'at every corner ; and unless something is done to put a stop to it I shall bo ill. My duties at the warehouse are a sufficient wear' and fear without Clogstoun's wretched face threat ening me.night and.da£' Overbeck was pacing up and down the room. -He could not rest with the thought. of Mr;- Lintock insulted- and harassed at every turni . ' Does anyone know of this affair ex cept ourselves ?' he asked. .. ?. The wharf-owner reflected a moment. 'Ducket, I think, suspects something ; nobody else.' . ' Not even your daughter ?' 'I have never spoken to her on the subject,' said Mr., Lintock, evasively. After a moment's pause,' Overbeck asked ': - ' 'C.tn ydu eive me . Clogstoun's ad dress ?' ..... . . i_ - ' . The wharf-owner . lookod ' up sur prised. ' ' . ' It never occurred, t» me that he had any. In what hole or corner of London would he lodge V His appearance was no better when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp.' ' Hb must be knbwn to the police.' =. ' So I hope, for he has fallen very low. He was last , seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a crime that r on c so proiligate would not commit ? The :thought'makes mo shudder! If you had seen his faco to-night, the dread would liavo laid hold of you as it has of me — tliat nly life is in danger.' He , spoke in a very earnest tone, but thero was ho trace of agitation in his manner. His words, 'My life is in danger,' seemed to express tlie convic tion of a sound-minded man capable of mature reflection. ' ' 'You, are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that the faco at the. carriage window waa real, and not imaginury ?' Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : ' That is cwjuestion to which I wisli. Overbeck, I give yon a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The face, as 1 tell 'you, threatens' mo momentarily — so un expectedly ; it seems--(inly t.o real.' Then lie suddenly added with a searching glance, ' You do not think my braiii atl'ected ? Well, -well, it is not surpris ing if yju do. ? I have enough worry at tho wharf, somotimes, without this one, to drivo me crazy.' Ovorbeck promised to take the matter seriously iu hand ; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a re assuring nature, Mr. Lintook' proposed that they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. ' Sho was at tho piano, but she rose when thoy camo in, gave them tea, and paid somo delicato little attentions to her father. Then sho returned to tho piano, and began to play a. s*nata that seemed liko an . accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. . PreBontly Percy Overbeck went softly to.a chair. beside her, for the Wharf-owner hail fallen asleep. ? ' He has spoken to you, ' said the girl, still accompanying hor dream, ' Has lo not?' . Her face was. troubled, and tears wortji in hor dark eyes. ' Wo have talked tho mattor ovor. Ho has told mo everything.. Do not bo dis tiessed; thero is- no need. Hare confideuco in me, will you, as an old frieiul ?' '? ' i There was little occasion to havo asked this. Bertha's - faco, though troubled, had not lost Us trustfulness. 'Why should you doubt that 1' was tho girl'* reassuring reply, ' For weeks put I havo w.ished that my fathor would speak to you, I. knew that something, disturbed liim. _ But hei* so considerate I Ho ha* dono his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm ine.' ' Itii about a discharged workman — it if best thatyou should know— a follow who threaten* your father.- ' Tho affair ba» -unnorvo'd him j but 'I hopo' to' put matt'rs right. You are not frightened, I hope !' 1 'Nowjnot now,' said Berlha in a low voioo— 'not now, that you are lifting Jltnlf tho burduii'o&our; thoulder*. How good it is of you I' ' She was irresistible, Overbook ran* swurod in his oaniosrway s 'There is no burden that I would not hoar for your, sake.' , '-'Forme?' ' ' Yes, Bertha. I lore you,' : Tlioro wns a fluttor of ,the dark eyo lashes, but the girl did not raiso hor oyo*. Tho acooinpntiiment to hor dream was al most inaudlblo now. ' Wtt» tho reality-: the cooviotlon^of her lore for Percy Overbeok dawning upon her Tlio sonata was -finished, and Mr. Lin tlUc.aWol«l' nnKjf l|j« It.Wlk. lilAO for^L _ fa»1 .tend*] pood nfglit^»l|M*_ - , v'SPlJjybrrn iitoLoit *--niX^||nj^pj-^np rf1 , .WjCioqdop wjde and narrow thoroughfafc)(£ihr$w a red reflection over the. ci^, Oft^beck thought, of the coantless -royaterj^a 'thai; lay hidden in dark courts Snd^J^IJ&ysV; 'n~ 'tho midst of all this glare. 'W&;th8?face that haunted his friend- in one of tliese Bhadowy by-ways 1 . CHAPTER; III. ;- -Tho visit to Greenwich of Percy Over beck had- effected a noticeable change in tho Wharf- owner's state of 'mind. The haunted Jook left hint, his expression was altogether les3 careworn,' and it would al most seem as if those strange forebodings which had lately perturbed his brain troubled him no longer. His. interest in all the business of the wharf returned and Ducket found him one evening work ing in- grim earnest at his desk. ' Well, Ducket,'- said Mr. Lintock, as tho foreman came iiv lantern in hand, tol lipht his limp, ' who is on duty, to night ? . 1 ' . . . .' I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'dock.' ' 'Not alone S' 'Why, yes. The fact Is, sir, I'd a special object in; relieving' tho night watchman. . ; . The wliarf-owner's glanoe expressed his surprise! ' ; : ' What object could you . possibly have ?' . Ducket, still' occupied with the lamp, answered withontlifling his eyes : , . ' I am expecting Mr. Overbeck.'1 ' Andwhat hour?' Ducket handed the wharf -ownor a slip of paper. , A 'single line, which lie re cognised as Percy Oierbeck's writing, ran as follow^:—' : ' ' Ten P. M. Wait at wharf. P. O.'' Mr. Lintock's face while reading ihis undeiwent a change; but recovering him self quickly he inquired : ; -! ' 'Do you:know why Mr. Overbeck is coming to niglit ?' - The lamp was now lighted, and Ducket, iwh'le placing it upon- the wharf-ownor's desk and adjusting the shade, replied : Jt's about Clogstoun. - So I naturally suppose ; for there ain't anything elBe I can think of that would bring him here at that time o'night. The note,' just as you see it, was given to me this afternu^— ' ' Who brought it ?'' . : ' One of Mr. Overbeck's clerk's.' .. The wharf-owner looked thcuqhtful. . ' I have plenty to keep me busy till ten o'clock, said- he, throwing a glance over the papers before him. ' Mr. Over beck is coming, depend upon it, 'abont Clogstoun. I shall wait and see him.' Theii taking up his pea: he added, 'You'll be .within call if I want you, Ducket?' ' ' You've only to touch the bell, sir ; I shall be sure' to hear.'-. It. was the first time for tnany weeks that Mr. Lintock had worked alone lit the counting-house after dark ; and it was not surprising that the dead silence and Boli tude, when he occasionally stopped and looked up from his desk, should remind him of the threatening fase of Clogstoun. He had dismissed the clerks, for he had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to the whaif was entered in the books upon the shelves around him. Still the silence seemed each moment more' oppressive. It was past nine. What- could Ducket be' doing so noise lessly down stairs, lie wondered ? It was so strange he had neither heard the^ound ,pf his voice nor footstep?/ Til en he thought, ' If Ducket would only sing or mave about the building tho sonse of loueliness-and dread which is creoping over mo would bo removed.' . \- He tried manfully to dismiss this, feel ing and to find absorption in the work be fore hiui ; but thero now rose in his mind, more , vividly, than evor, this haunting face. Ho imagined the figure of Clog stoun, as Ducket had described it, leaning over the parapet of tho bridge. Was the mau thero to-night, he w'ondored? II o could not rosist the temptation to stretoh out his hand and draw the curtain back from the window and look out upon' the dark river. Tho light* flickered en tho bridge ; but they, were too dim to have enablod Mr. Lintock :to distinguish one: figure from another. Yet he fancied that, dark as it was, he could discern a shadowy* form standing near the centre of .'the bridge, and thatthe form resembled that of tho man with whose face ho waa so painfully hauntod.. He dropped the cur tain with an angry gesture. . , ' What if Clogstoun is there J' he ex claimed aloud. ? But the wharf-o\vrier'» hand trembled now; ho could &ot.; write. The black horrora which he'had resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain like imps of darkness ; the more ho tried to chase them from him, the more they ?warmed. ' .His imagination awakened into terror at last. A. firm conviction . took hold of him ; it was like a nightmare which no strength of 'will could drive -from his brain ; Clogstoun was staring at him through the glass partition in the clerk's officq'like a cat watching its prey I Mr, Lintock sprang to Ins foot. At this moment the gate boll in tlio courtyard, of tbe warohousei began to ring, CHAPTER IV. ? ' - After lighting. Mr. Lintock s lamp, Ik, ket had descended to the basement on; a l.vel with , the wharf. Jt was a huge storeroom'!' it«.:area roprosented- the diniL'iisiops of the.entlre wttrehouse ; and although therefore pites--t merchandise on all sides of tlie irott '.pillars- whioh sup ported tho floor above,, its great size wns still apparent,' for thero were avenues in every, direotion botweon . tBono goodly piles wide enough for tlio' trucks to run to and fro, ? ' . . . ' . ? Noar the river' entranee to thU ?tore- room stood aWoodonshod ; it had ndoor fading tlio main avenue, and a amall \vin .'dow on eaoh aide. On - the. door 'waa writ ton 'SuporintondontYti (lice. ' Ducket raised the latch arid stepped' in^ There was a desk. under ono of tho windows, nnd nnder tho other stood a store with' a fun nel d Isappcaring through a hulo in the wood-work., - ? The foreman drew up a ohalr in front of thlsstovu, and having looked at the'flro andied.it with oharcual, ho; began tp ap pease. hii'nnpaUte uut of a pail and ix blaekonod tin can. with a cork in it. -' lie ate ' his supper with apparent rolisli ; but the mixture in tho oan did not seem to hi* tast», for he rojeotedlt with a grimace after tho first draught;. . . ' I'd rather drink a pint of sBima,' bo deolared, driving tho cork hnme «mnhaU culfy with tlio palm ot :hls hand, '' than another drfi'ivoiitlmt sturt.' ' .'Ho lit hif pipo with an'atgflNeslgna' tlon, : UaMil bneV 'in nil ohalr nnd atarad MtplexaAly lit the \ln can# ^a*j*jrori« *-♦#!»' Wm gmning to get so sleepy that tha vslls of the shed appeared to expand, and hia head to r grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. Ho tried' to throw..off. his 'drowsiness, for he was the sole watchman in thd building.. If any catastrophe-'occurred -the blame would fall on his shoulders. ~ - Ducket took his lantern and went ont. Ho began to pace Up and down the centre avenue between '.pyramids of boles. No matter whether he turned to the right or left he was always, becoming more and more impressed with th® fact that uncer tainty lay beyond. ' This soon ended by tho lantern's falling from his hand and going out ; th.n he sank on the ground with his head resting on a hard bale. Was he dreaming f It aeemed to Dueket as in a dream that someone' glided past him like a ghost, and. that a light flashed before his eyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, nntil he aiyoko with a start, strongly convinced that he had been roused by the'clang_of the.'warehouse bell. Could it be Over beck at the gate already ? It was surely not ten o'clock 1 The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his . way toward t^e superintendent's office. As he went along with outstretched hands he experienced a dull - singing in his ears. . . Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his be wildered brain ? Ducket found the stove firo still burn ing, though ldw. He took a lantern from thg wall, and lighting it glanced anxiously lit the clock. . ' Half-past - ten I' he exclaimed ; 'why — ' \- It teas the warehouse bell. It was no dream now ;.it sounded like an alarm, .it was so incessant. Still half dazed with the oppressing effect of his unnatural, sleop, Dackct hurried across the yard, and unlocking the side door leading iuto Thames streot, found himself face to face with Percy Overbeck. With an air of suppressed impatience he said.-' ?- ' Wiyareyou so dilatory in opening the door ?' . f ' I only heard- tho bell a minute ago, sir.' : ? ' 'How's that? 1 have been ringing at short intervals; for nearly half-an-hour. Is tliero anything wrong!' Ducket looking puzzled at Overbeck's excited, face, answered : r 'I very much suspect that — ' 'What?' 'v ' That I've b:en dragged. ' That's why I-couldn't coma. I fell asleep ; tho noise of tho bell awoke me.' Tho excited expression on Overbeck's face incroas'ed. - ' .'Aro .you here alone ?' - ^ ' 'I'm the onljr one on duty ; but I!ni not alone in the warehouse,' said-'tis. foreman^ ' Mr. Lintock is here.' Ovr-rbeck hurriedly demanded : 'Where?' ? 'III his office up-stairs. r loft him there busy writing a.tliis desk.' ' When ?' ' v - 'Some, hours ago — before I becamo drowsy.' ' . ' Hoars ago ? Show the way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room.' . Ducket, still more perplexed at Over beck's .'raaHnor, hastened up-'stairs witli out n word. He was t o'zed with a dread ful sense of apprehension ; .And on open ing Mr. Lintock's door, he uttered a sup pressed . cry.'- The wharf-owner's room was empty '; but tho lamp upon his desk was burning, arid the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the tahlo, and the ink was trickling down into a pool upon the floor. ? .V, 1 ' Overbeck stepped forward, took a quick glance round him. Thon he looked keenly st Ducket. ? ? ' Clogstoun haa been here. He and Mr. Lintock. have met.' The foreman's face. expressed a .lcok of lt'owiir. ? -I' -' . 'Jiow, Duoket,' said Percy Overbeck, placing his band upon , the foreman's shoulder, ' nerve yoursel'. Let us search the warehouse;': ?' ? Tho warehouso was explored frorii roof to, basement. The foreman who had ?known every turning amnn^ the dark lanes of-in'orchnndise since boyhood, took the lead, .flashing his lantern into every nook and corner. On each floor they ; cilled_on Mr. Lintock loudly, by name; but only an echo of their voices. reached them. Thoy stood oiice more 'within tho wharf-ownor's room. ? ^ ' - . ' Ducket,' said Overbeck, ' cast your eyes carefully around.^ Is anything mis sing?!^ The light from tho foreman's. lantern moved oyer the floor and theh slowly round tho -aalla.. ? Suddenly it stopped be hindJMr. Lintock's chair. ' Do y-)u see that peg, sir J' ' Yes.' -. ' ' . : :. ' That key - should bo thorn. . It's gone.'. ? ? ? ? ; What key ' '' The key, sir, to that private doorVr snd Ducket ^ pointed to.a door opposite the | window; , ? ' 'Briti '-said Overbook, ''.that lead* out i upon the wharfi And;' lie added, turn ing the handle, ' it'a lqclcbd. .-.What can it mean 1' , .. '. .. ' It meim*,' aaid -the; foreman with | sqddoii inspi.rntion,' ' thaf. dead of alive, master lias-gone ont by that dopr.'' . ? ? Without loss of time, by inearis of the ? snperiutendent's koy, they 'madoi thisir way out upon the landing-stago.' .Thoy looked eagerly across the dark river. The tido was lapping monotonously against the . sides or the . wharf ; chain* were ratting, hmt* and barges moorod along. sido creaked and strained at their ropos. Presently Duckot, who went flashing about with. his lantorn, criod out: 'Thcre'sa boaf'gone 1' ' Ah l is the tide obldng ' ? . ' ? .' Ay, sir, ehliing fast.' , 'Overbook reflected a moment ; then lio .said : ' '.: ' ? -? . \ :? 7 4? Oivo me the lantern. ? ' . Duckot obeyed. ? ' Now.' added Overh«ck, -vuhfasten n hoot, and Jot .us row down thu- stream Wo nr.- on tho track, 1 ho^Ui at lait,' . Thio foreman quickly set to. work, Tljero wn* a boat suited to' thoir puVpose lying outside a-bargo ; it was soon Iciosened and ready taitart.' '. i.-v ?? ? , - : , \- lit' take' th^ sculls,' said Overbeck, ns ho it'epped iilto his place. ' You ahaU itser. You know thi* part of the river better than I do; ? Are you Toady?' ;; \- ^'liight wlth.tho tide, Mr, Overbook ?' 11 Yei,hy all moans ; with ths . tide.' ; ' .Alia so, with Duoktt grasplog the rud der ,and Ovorbock tho sculls, the boat movud nutvinto mld-stream. : Oi\ thoy went with, tho - ekblng tido, undor ths &laek; shndnwt ofhugo ship! nttd powering ; warehouse* until 'Ducket's lantern '. was ? morp ttfceYot gliding light la tho dark' nws. , \- ,' ?* -#- a^ s «. Berlha liritocki^lthough-niade aware in a mttssaga^froin her fatjer that he. should not . return' nntil Tat e.- began to grow - anxious .- towards midiught. . She paced up and down hor- rtoiii, and con atantly listened for tha sound of wheels, in tho carriage-drive 5. tho .unpleasant' affair, of whtth'-Peroy' Overbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind. .Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presenti ment of - danger ; for, when a .child, Wythred's wharf had made a deop im pression upon Bertha. . While-walking at her Cither's side through the great sombre store- rooms^ they 'had reached somo, pas- sage — walled witn bales of merchandise— so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with- sudden fright, and - would ? go. -no further. That was her _ first visit, -.and she had never e 11 tered ifcaince. . . - ? Presently, 'Bertha Heard a -hurried step outside the house. She* ran to. the, -win- dow and threw it open. -Ovetbecfc' Stood below. ' - ? ' Percy, has anything happened f . sho asked. ' Where i3 my father?' ' ' .' ' He is here, Bertha— at tho gate.. You have'no need to be aterme^-' . Bertha hastened into the hall. ? Percy Overbeck met her at'- tho door, and they went into the- dining-room'' to- gether. . ' . . 'Your father ha* been agiiri seized: with 'that odd fancy,' - Percy hastensto tell her.- Ho; believes that while' seated in his office tliis eyeningi Clogstoun threatened him. Paiiic- stncken, .he. es caped from this phantom, or - reality, down his private staircase leading .to the - wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into a boat, and, act ing it adrift,, went out with the tido. Ducket and I— to cnt along story Bhort — overtook tho boat, nnd — ' At this moment Mr. Lintock bIo'wIj en tered the room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes, were wet and bespattered with mud. Seeing his daughter, he step ped toward her; butlosing strength,- sank into a chair. - Bertha ran to , his side and bont over him. - : ; - ' Are you hurt, father?' ' No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy, and our old . friend Ducket,' said he, ? looking np: gratbtully into their faces, 'have saved. my life;''- . : . . The wharf -owner's nerves were badly,' shaken. But a few days* rest, under' his daughter's thoughtful, supervision, re stored hiin to.healtb; \- Clogstoun's - face - never haunted Mr. Lintock again ; for on the day after this occurrence/ the man .was fouud at -the warehouso among some -bags of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last'; arid as d small phial was discovered at his side .containing traces of a. narcotic, it 'was Conjectured that he had 'poured this drup;.inttx'. Ducket's tin can, and. had: himself, sivairowed the rest with a strong resolve, to bring his wretched existence.to an end. -.For some ,'timo Sir. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the officeand frtm the face. It appeared, however, that- at the moment when Clogstoun forced his way into the room, the. wharf owner, -retreated through the^ private door.' ? ' This door he locked behind hiin, in order to cut off:,punuit'J and thus separated from the Thames-sCiieet exit bv Clogstoun'* presence, Mr.' Lintock- made his cscape tfjHT'atW. ? i In after daysj whdn Bertha liad-fe^-°n^e Overbeck's. \vifd, they bftori:dvvel(^i^hnt midnight afliirit'vWythred's wharf it transpired how - Percy,- frequently oa tho watch for: Clogstnun-, having learn* something of his-haunts and habits, had' rcasuu .to sopposo -that- lie had found'if 'means of jetting .into [ the', wharehouse. ? Fur i this : reason ho hid appointod tbat meeting with . Ducket, . though scarcely iinagining that avents .would -take such a strange turn as they had done. . . ^ ... As -jnaohood aud womanhcod open up, disoriaiiaaliun is necsscsry betweori -wbat ought to be remembered and .what it we're betttr to' .foreet, Oje good general .nile whio'j bolds , tbroogb' life is to. target as speedily as possible 'the evil whieb wa see around us and oven within us; fvr evil, like aplsnt, thrives in .the-light and withers in tbe . darkness. ,, Brought iota- opes view, talked about, /^iou'tht about, and stored in remembrance,' its tendency is to reproduce itielf. . '. * . .. . ..' CoarLniESTS, which ws think are de served, wo accept only -1* bts, with in. diffeience; but thosa'* J .;e contcienco informs ns we do. not m^if we reoeive with the same gratitude that we do favors given away, 