ftibietas atttt Jloitag. -The Infallibility of the Church, by G. Salmon, D.D. (Murray) Dr. Salmon, whose ' Introduction to the Study of the Books of the New Testament' is now a standard work among Christian scholars, has laid the Church under a further debt to him by the publication of the work before us. It consists of a series of lectures delivered in the Divinity school of Dublin as far back as 1870, and forms an invaluable con tribution to the armoury of the English communion in its refusal to submit to the claims of the Eoman See. It is, we imagine, a grave error to suppose that the Eoman controversy has lost its practical Character ior me ooiuuitu unuiuxi. xiie ueep uoiti wmun xias oeen gained by Komanism amid the English-speaking races beyond the sea has quite recently been illustrated in the columns of the Ninteenth Century in an article ('Roman Catholicism in America '), which is highly suggestive to Australian churchmen. Amid the vagueness which now characterises so many of the reformed bodies, the claims of the Roman Church have never faltered, and the most stupendous system of falsehood may quite conceivably get itself believed by dint of incessant .self-assertion in the midst of an easy-going and not pro foundly-thinking community. The lectures of Dr. Salmon are of a purely destructive character, and hence are best adapted for those who already possess some 'rule of faith.' After dealing with Newman's famous '? Essay on Development,'' the author shows that this theory would equally serve to justify Protestantism, and that it is useless in support of the Roman system unless supplemented by the doctrine of Infallibility. This doctrine, however, implies the exercise of the self-same ri.'ht of private judgment which the Roman Church so strongly discounten ances. 'Absolute certainty can only be had on the terms of being infallible one's self. A man might say — 'lam absolutely certain that I am right in my religious opinions, because I believe what the Pope believes, and he is absolutely ceitain not to believe wrong.' But then comes the question — ' How came you to be absolutely certain that the Pope is absolutely certain n t to believe wrong ?' It is not possible to answer this question without being guilty of the logical fallacy of arguing in a circle.' Thus, the argument from Scripture comes to this — ' The Church is infallible because the Scriptures say she is, and the Scriptures say so because the Church infaflibly declares that such is their meaning.' Our belief, indeed, must in the last resource rest on an act of our judgment, and can attain no higher certainty than this judgment may give us. The next lectures deal with the doctrine of the 'illative sense,' laid down in Newman's ' Grammar of Assent ' and with Milner's three axioms which that controversalist applies to discover a rule of faith. Milner demanded, amongst other things, that God should be supposed miraculously to secure men from religious error of any kind. But this, Dr. Salmon shows, is not in accord with God's ordinary dealings with men. It is not true of secular knowledge, however desirable its possession. It is not true of the Church's history if in substitute ' sin ' for '' error,' and so the question is whether God hates error so very much more than he hates sin. We are next shown that the conception of the Church's office of teacher is not injured by a refusal to own her infallibility; indeed, ' the whole progress of the human race depends on the two things — human teaching, and teaching which will submit to correction.' If, in fact, the Church is infallible, it is difficult to see why God gave us the Bible — for Bible reading must then be all risk and no gain. Dr. Salmon then proceeds to deal with the nature and office of tradition, whether a3 an independent source of information or (Lect. x) as an interpreter of Scripture. With his remarks on the frequently less wild interpretations of Scripture,particularly of the Old T., adopted by patriotic writers, we heartily agree. 'If a man gives a farfetched interpretation of Scripture we are not bound to receive it, because it is a long time ago since he did it, and because a great many people have repeated it after him.' But does the Roman ,- Church believe in her own infalllibility ? If so, it is strange that she has shrunk from exercising so useful a gift on the settlement of dis puted questions until these had practically settled themselves. A typical case of this is the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, in which the Pope played a part not unlike that of Bacon's wise man, who made a great reputation for successfully settling disputes, ' because he made it a rule never to interfere until the parties had completely talked themselves out, and were glad to get peace on any terms.' These lectures then follow (which would be most amusing were they not occupied with so important issues), dealing with the hesitations and blunders of the infallible guide, in which we have a most interesting summary of the famous case of Galileo. The Gallican theory of infallibility is next examined, placing this gift in the Church diffusive, and is examined oily to be rejected ; while Dr Pusey's theory meets a similar fate, for if the Church is infallible only while she is not rent by schism, ' the Holy Ghost has failed of His mission during two- thirds of the lifetime of the Church.' Two lectures (xvi and xvii) are devoted to that theory which places the infallibility of the Church in its general Councils, of which Dr. Salmon justly remarks that such a belief ' can hardly be held by anyone who has studied the history of Councils,' a statement jusified by a sketch of the earlier Councils followed by a most interesting description of the modus operandi adopted by the Vatican Council in 1870. We next come to an examination of that theory which modern Romanists uphold, and which makes the Pope per sonally the organ of infallibility. Dr. Salmon fully recognises that St. Peter, having been foremost in acknowledging the true character of our Lord, was honoured by Him in that he became ' the foremost of the human agents by which the Church was founded.' This honour, however, was such that could descend to no successor, for '? we might jusfc as well speak of Adam's having a successor in the honour of being the first man.' With regard to the alleged Roman episc6pate of St. Peter, Dr. Salmon considers that historic probability .is in favour of the theory that he was at Rome, and he accepts the current account that the apostle suffered martyrdom at that city. That St. Peter was ever Bishop of Rome is, however, the invention oE 'an editor of the Clementine Romance,' and the chronological and other difficulties in the way of acceptance of the story are stated with terse ness and force. But the primacy of the Bishop of R -me grew to be very widely acknowledged. How was this ? Partly, replies our author, b 'causi ' the primacy of the Bishop of Rome grew naturally out of the precedence accorded to 'he Bishop of the first city of the empire; ' partly because it was originally a prim icy, not so mac i of the Rom in bishops as of the wealthy and influential congregations which formed the Roman Church. The 21st lecture then, deals with the prayers of Roman supremacy, with a notice of the struggles which took place with the Church of Africa and with Eastern Chris;ianity. Dr. Salmon then shows us how, ? ' in the main dispute, it was not the Bishop of Rome who guided the Church, but the Bishop of Alexandria ; how in the Pelagian controversy the condemnation of Pelagian errors was only obtained by the firm insistence of the Africa-i bishops to the Pope's approval of Cele^tue and Pela uus as ' absolute fidee ;' how, in the. difficulty with the Monothelites, it was the 1'atriarch of Jerusalem, and not the Bishop of Rome who was the teacher of the Church, and how even as late as the 7th century, the position of the Pope was not deemed (witness the case of Honovius) to protect him against the possibility of heresy. In the last lecture, Dr. Salmon traces the growth of the Pope's temporal power, passing in review before us the pseudo- Clementines, the Forged Decrepals, and the Donation of Constantine. 'There never was a case so gangrened with forgery as that for the Papal claims,' and there is much force in the remark that until a man gives up what he has wrongfully acquired through another's forgery, it is little justi fication to say that he has discovered that forgery. For the Popes do not abandon claims which these confessedly forged documents led them to assert. How unworthily the Popes used their temporal power is witnessed by the very fact that they lost it, for ' the tribunal which they occupied, if rightly filled, would have conferred such temporal advantages on the world, that, had it been governed by common fairness and honesty, Europe would never have parte 1 with it.' We welcome this powerful volume, then, as a vindication of the refusal on the part of such a Church as our own, so truly Catholic in her doctrines and practices, to assent to the Roman claims. Dr. Salmon is never dull, even when dealing with intricate questions of dates or of evidence. He is always courteous, and always fair ; so much so that, as we observe, the Church Association of New South Wales has placed this volume upon its ' Index (Jommendatorius,' we sincerely hope that the members of that body will lay to heart some of our author's principles, as, for instance, that 'overwrought des criptions of the corruptions ' of that body ' not uncommonly produce a reaction in its favour.' An Acrobat's Girlhood (S.P.C.K.), by Hesta Stretton, is a touch ing story of a child's life prematurely closed by over-training and over-work in the company of strolling players. The Way Home (P.S.C.K.), by H. Shipton, is a modern rendering of the story of the Prodigal Son, drawn from East London life. Mother's Golden Guineas (S.P.C.K), by Annette Lyster, gives us the varied and adventurous life of. a sailor boy. St. Anne's Court (S.P.C.K.) is a pleasant tale, introducing a description of conflicts between a young farmer and his employe's through the introduclion of machinery in the place of manual labour, but in which all ends happily. A Story of the Church of England (S.PC.K.), is an excellent little history in dialogue, of our branch of the Christian church from earliest times to the Reformation. Father's Pet, The Bed Light, and That Tom Smith are short tales (S.P.C.K.) by Mrs. Ida Sitwell, the last being a touching sketch of a child's loving devotion. David, Livingstone is a penny booklet, giving a epitome of the great traveller's exploits. The Zoo, illustrated by Harrison Weir, is a contribution from the pen of the late J. G. Wood to natural history, as written in those days for lucky modern children. Only a Scarecrow and A Performing Dog are like the two last, good specimens of the cheap literature issued by the S.P.C.K., which we would recommend as a substitute for ' cards' in Sunday-schools. The Dawn of Day for 1889 contains its usual complement of interesting and instructive matter. Parishes desirous of be. inning an inexpensive periodical magazine could scarcely do better than adopt the ' Dawn of Day.' The Aborigines of Australia (S.P.C.K.) is an account written by Bishop Hale, sometime of Brisbane, of the work done at Poonindie, in South Australia, for the education of the Australian natives. This work was set on foot by Archdeacon Hale in in 1850. The appendices contain reports by visitors to Poonindie, including one by Bishop Short, of Adelaide. Sermons and Holy Communion. (Skeffington), is a collection of ten short addresses, chiefly on various practical aspects of the Lord's Supper. Three of these were written by the Rev. C. J. Ridgeway ; two by Canon Hey^ate ; and one (against evening communion) by Canon T. T. Carter, of Clewer. Messrs. Skeffington also sends us the first part of Through Fast and Festival, by the Rev. J. C. Murphy, giving a set of 17 very simple sermons for the Church's year from Advent to Quinguagesima. They are bright and popular in style, with abundance of suitable illustrations. 