THE STORY TELLER. :rv THE ROVER'S SECRET a A TALE OF THE PIRATE CATS AND LAGOONS OF CUBA. By IIAREY COLLING WOOD, Author of "The Log of the Flying Fiah," ' The Pir. j te Island." " The Congo Rovers," ' Under the Meteor Flag/' etc. Chafies XIV. — A Packet of Disiurbiso- Letters. Our first task was to send by shore- boat a brief note on board the admiral, informing iiini of our capture, and requesting him to send a few hands on board to take care of the vessel. A prompt reply, in the ' shape of a somewhat dandified mia, with a dozen stout seamen to back him, was vouchsafed to this request, the midshipman bringing with him also a verbal message to the effect that the admiral would be flad to see us on board to breakfast with hiin. 'his condescension, of couise, merely meant that he was curious to hear full particulars of the capture, but we nevertheless felt much gratified at the invitation ; and detaining the gig alongside only long enough to enable us to make ourselves presentable, we jumped into her, and five minutes later found ourselves on the quarterdeck of the old Mars. Admiral J" himself happened to he on deck at the moment when we stepped in through the entering port, and the look of mingled as tonishment and anger with which he regarded us as we presented ourselves before him at once told us that something was wrong. "How now, youug gentlemen !" he testily exclaimed ; " are you the two midshipmen who sent me this note, informing me that you had captured yonder cockboat of a felucca r" \Y e respectfully intimated that we were. " Then how comes it. sirs, that you have pre sumed to come on board me in those 'longshore togs ; Away with you back at once, and when next you venture to appear in my presence, see that you come in a proper uniform." The murder was out. We were, of course, dressed in the clothes with which Don Luis de , Guzman had so generously supplied us, and we had been for so Iou« a time out of uniform that had never occurred to us that our costume would be regarded as in the slightesi'degree in appropriate. We explained iu as few words as possible that we were two of the surviving officers of tho ITermoine, that we had been for. some time prisoners in La Guayra, and that we had only very recently effected, our escape there from ; and that put the whole affair straight in a moment, the admiral, who, peppery as was his temper, was a thoroughly laud- hearted old fellow iu the main, actually condescending to apologise for his hasty speech ; and, the steward at that moment at nouncing that breakfast was on the table, we all, that is to say, the admiral. Captain Bradshaw, Courtenay, and myself — trundled into the cabin and took our places at the table. Then, for the first time, as we found ourselves once more in the society of our own country men, with good wholesome English fare send ing forth its grateful odours to our nostrils, with the table covered with its snowy linen, and laden with the handsome, yet home-like break - fast equipage, did we fully realise allthatwe had passed through since we had last found our selves so placed, and for my part the revulsion of feeling almost overcame me. The emotions of a midshipman are, however, proverbially of a very transient character, and I soon found myself prosecuting a most vigorous attack upon the comestibles, and, between mouthfuls, re lating iu pretty full detail all our adventures from the moment of the mutiny, excepting of course, my love passages with Dona Inez, which I kept strictly to myself. The story of the mutiny naturally excited a very lively interest, and Courtenay and I was questioned and cross-questioned upon the subject until we were absolutely pumped dry, it tra nspiring that we were the firBt survivors of that dreadful tragedy who hod reappeared among our owncountrymen. The narrative of our sojourn in La Guayra did not, I regret to say, prove one-tenth part so attractive ; but when we reached the subject of the Conconil lagoons, Merloni's treasure hoard, and the scheme of the "Spanish authorities to at once possess themselves of it and suppress the piratical hand, the interest again revived, and we were questioned almost es closely on this subject as we had been about the mutiny. Before the meal was concluded, it had been settled that a schooner — lately a French privateer — recently captured, ana then in the hands of the dockyard people undergoing the process of refitting, should be hurried forward with, all possible despatch, and commissioned by a certain lieutenant O 'Flaherty, with Courtenay and myself as his aides, her especial mission to be trie destruction of Meriani'g Stronghold, and the capture of as many mem bers of the piratical gang us we could lay hands upon. As, however, it seemed that the Foam os the schooner had been re- christened — could not possibly be got ready under, eight or ten days at the earliest, we were informed that we might take a week to look about u», a per mission of which we 'most gladly availed our selves. Wa were also informed that the prize- money for the Jean Babel affair had been awarded, and the admiral was good enough to advise us to put our business affairs into the hands of his own agent in Kingston, to whom he gave us a letter of introduction. Our first business on leaving the Mam was to take passage to Kingston in one of the many sailing-boats which, owned by -negro boatmen, are always obtainable at Port Royal, and in her we managed, with fee aid of a fine sea-breeze, to make the passage in an hour, being badly beaten, however, in a race with a gig belong- Publishel by special arrangement with the author. ing to the frigate Volage, which happened to be j lying at Port Royal at the time. Arrived in Kingston wo made our way, in the first instance, to the post- office, where we each found several letters awaiting us. There were nine for me, of which eight were from my father, and one — heaven only knows how it had found its way across in so short a time — from Dona Inez. I ought, I suppose, to have first opened those from my father ; but I did not. With the ardour that might have been ex pected I first tore open the envelope super scribed by Inez. The letter was dated the day after our flight from La Guayra ; and the poor firl, who had already learned from the faithful uan that our plans nad somehow been capsized, had written in an agony of apprehension as to bur safety. It appeared that Joan — whose arrival at the cove had been delayed about half an hour by the suspicious manoeuvres of a felucca ahead of him, undoubtedly the Pinta — had hung about the spot for something like an hour and a half, at the expiration of which time two Spaniards had presented themselves on the beach and had inquired whether he belonged to the Pinta. On his saying that he did not he had been very sharply cross- questioned as to who he was, and the reasons of his presence there at that hour, which cross- questioning he was sensible enough to evade and cut- short by retreating to his felucca and re turning to La Guayra, from whence he, the first thing next morning, made his way to the castle to report and to seek further instructions. Having actually witnessed our departure, and knowing from the time at which it hadoccurred that we must have made our way on board the wrong feluoca — which Juan was subsequently able to say with almost absolute certainty mmt have been the Pinta — my lady-love was pain fully anxious as to our /ate ; for it appeared that the Pinta and her crew bore a somewhat evil reputation among those who professed to know her best at La Guavra; and tho only hope or consolation which Dona Inez could find lay in her somewhat too favourable estimate of our ability to take care of ourselves. . She most earnestly entreated that I would not loose a, moment, after the receipt of her letter, in writing to set her mind at rest. She added that her father had returned home in excellent health ; and that, though he had at first betrayed soma vexation at the loss of our services, he had soon cooled down, and had then acknowledged that he was glad for our sakes that we had succeeded in effecting our escape. Having read and re-read this most cherished epistleaomehalf a dozen times over, I refoldedand put it carefully into my pocket, next turning to the letters from -my father, which I arranged and opened according to the dates of the post marks. The first of these letters— being the third written by my father since the date of my leav ing England (I had received the other two on our former visit to Port Royal, in the Hermione) — was very similar to all others which had ever reached ine from the same writer ; brief, cold, and evidently strained and artificial as to the one or two expressions of affection con tained therein — altogether a painful and unsatis factory letter to receive, in fact. The second was somewhat- similar, except that herein my father condescended to inform me that he was by no means well ; that he thought he had pei haps been overworking himself, and that imi. as his health speedily mended ha feared he should be obliged to call ia medical advice. This was sufficiently alarming ; but the third letter was even more so, for in it he informed me that ha had suffered a complete break-down in health and spirits ; that he had placed himself 1 under the care of Doctor Wise, one of the most : eminent physicia ns of the day, and that he had not only been strictly enjoined to entirely lay aside ha brush for at least six months, but that he had a wo been ordered to travel. This, how ever, was evidently not the worst of it; for the letter, a long, rambling, and somewhat incoher ent epistle this time, wenfcoa to hint mysteriously at the causes which had brought this lamentable ; state of affairs about ; but so obscurely was. the letter worded that, on its first perusal, the only information I could definitely gather foam it- Was feat my father was then suffering from fee effects of yearsof mental anguish resulting from some matter which, if I understood him aright, seemed to be in some way connected with my . poor dead mother. The- letter concluded with . the extraordinary words, " Lionel, the shadow of deception and' falsehood rests upon us both, and from no fault of outs. — Yours distractedly, cuthcbxbt laseet.lv?." " The shadow of deception and falsehood ! — no fault of ours ! — yours distractedly !' What ever could it all mean ? The closing words of the letter, " youts distractedly," puzzled me most of aIl. TTTtjv p.rt.rv my father's communications to me, however lacking in affection they might otherwise have been, had all terminated with the orthodox " your affectionate tefoer." Why, then, this departure from the rule ? Was it intentional, or was it merely to be regarded as sua indication of fee terribly disturbed state of ihewriterfoaaind? ... ... I read and re- read this most singnlar epistle at least half a dozen times without gathering any light uponthe obscure and mysterious hints which it contained, and I then turned to the remaining letters, thin king I might poaiblj find in them a solution to the enigma. And at the first reading I Imagined 1 did find it ; fee conclusion at which I arrived being that mv poor unfortunate father must have gone mad i I patiently went through tho whole packet a second time, seeking m them some additional evidence of insanity ; but no, saving on this one rhcolar matter the writer nad evidently been full possession of all his faculties. The fourth tetter contained fee information that fee news of fee mutiny on board fee Hermione had readied England, and feat it was believed some of fee officers had escaped massacre and had been landed at La Guayra. Touching this matter he had written : " I can scarcely say, at this- moment, whether I hope you are anions fee Hving or among fee dead. If fee latter, I shall at least enjoy tha melancholy satisfaction of < knowing that I have seen the last of one who, though I could ' have dearly loved him, and have been proud of him for his own sake, was, nevertheless, although my own son, almost hateful to me, became of his marked re semblance to one whose duplicity has been the curso of my lifa. Bnt if, on fee other hand, you are living, Lionel — as something whispers to me that you are— I shall, perhaps, be dis posed Id accept your preservation as a token from Heaven that I may, after all, have been mistaken, and that your mother could, hod I given her an opportunity, have explained those circumstances which, unexplained, completely shattered her own happiness and mma." The next letter, the fifth, was dated from Rome, in which city my father informed me that he had then been, staying for about three weeks ; but that he was about to leave it again, for what destination hs could not then say, as he had derived no benefit whatever from tha change — was worse, in fact — since the city was so full, of associations connected with my mother feat his trouble .was then harder tha.n ever to bear. He added feat he was still impressed with the idea of my being alive, and that this idea, with the excuse it afforded him for continuing to write to me, gave him some small comfort. He said he had been exceedingly gratified at the very favourable report which had reached him of my conduct at Jean Babel, and he most earnestly besought me, if indeed I were still alive, to comport myself in such a manner that my glorious deeds might in some measure, if not wholly, atone for the suffering my mother had caused him. The remaining letters were dated from Naples. They all dwelt upon the same theme ; but the last closed with the request that, if it ever reached me, I would at once write in reply, addressing my letter to his lawyer in London, who would be kept ad vised of his whereabouts and would forward it on to him. . There was also an assurance that he had no desire to visit my mother's heartless deception of him upon me, since, whatever were her faults, I was his son, and he had no inten tion of disowning the relationship ; so that, if ever in need of money, I was without hesitation to draw upon him for any reasonable amount. "In want of money, indeed !" Luckilv, I was not ; but, as I crashed the letters back into my pocket, I solemnly vowed that, rather than touch a penny of' that man's money, at least whilst his state of mind remained what it then was, I would perish of starvation in a ditch. Then bewildered, stunned, and utterly crushed ia spirit, I hastily excused myself to Courtenay upon the plea of having received distressing news from England, and, obeving the same im pulse which impels a wounded animal to rush away and hide itself and its sufferings in the deepest solitudes, I turned by back upon Kingston, with its busy hustling streets, and hastened to bury myself among the hills. I pushed forward without rest or pause until I found myself on tha crest of a lofty eminence overlooking the town and harbour; when, flinging myself down beneath the grateful shade of a gigantic cotton-wood, I gave frea vent to my feelings of suspense, indignation, and sorrow, and buryiug my face in mv hands wept as if my heart would break. 1 will not at tempt to describe or enlarge upon the feelings which then harrowed my soul ; the words have never yet been coined which would adequately express my anguish. No merely mortal pen could depict it; nor can anyone, save those unfortunates who have passed through such an ordeal, imagine it. Moreover, the subject even now, when I am old and grey-headed, is still so painful to me that I care not to dwell unduly upon it. Let me, therefore, pass on to the moment when, relieved, yet exhausted by fee passage of that terrible outburst of tears, I had so far regained composure as to be able to look my position fairly in the face. My first act was to draw forth the fatal bundle of letters and re-peruse them patiently from beginning to end, still clinging to the desperate hope that I had after all, in some unaccountable way, misunderstood my father's meaningj and that I was under , some hallucination. But no; there were the words all too plainly written for any possibility of mistake. His was the hallucination — not mine. False ? A dissimulator? I thrust my hand into my bosom, and drugged forth tho velvet case contaimng my mother's portrait, which I had worn next my heart throughout all the viscissitudes of fortune encountered by me since the moment it had first been placed ia my hands, and pressing fee spring, threw back the cover, and allowed my eyes to rest upon the loveliness it concealed. Deceitful J If falsehood Lurked within the liquid depths of those clear, calm, steadfast eyes, or was hidden behind ihifc smooth and placid brow, then I thought must fee very angels be false! If falsehood could shroud itself behind a mask of such surpassing loveliness, such an aspect and pejraonffieatioH of all feat is pure, and innocent, and faithful, and trae, " where," I asked myself, " oh ! where is truth to be found ?" That my mother had, all unwittingly, and in some inexplicable manner aroused my father's suspicions, I could- not doubt ; but, after all, the matter was manifestly, to my mind, merely one of fancied or implied duplicity or deceit capable of easy explanation ; it would probably have had no lasting effect on any hut a diseased mind ; and, knowing him as well as I did, I conld understand how, with his reserved temperament and his wounded pride, ray father would silently withdraw himself from his wife, nor deign to stoop so far as to seek an explanation; I conld disown only too clearly that he had taken as proof of dissimulation some circumstance that would only appear suspicious until the opportunity for explanation had passed away for ever — hence the unhappinesa ol which. I had gained an inkling during my nursery days — mad feat it was probably not until his heart had been softened by bereavement that he had coolly and dispassionately enough reviewed the circumstances to arrive at the conclusion that ; he might, after all have been mistaken. My j father had written of his " doubt and mis- givings," and I felt confident that it was nothing ' in fee world but fee tenacious hold of these . doubts and misgivings upon his mind which had ; in the first instance made him so unfafeerlv in his treatment of me, and had now reduced him almost to a condition of insanity. It was fee horrible uncertainty which was killing him, soul and body — the "uncertainty whether, on the one hand, his suspicion had been well founded ; or whether, on fee other hand, he had been hideously cruel and unjust to fee one being who, above all others, ought to have been the object of hut most tender solicitude, f had no doubt whatever upon fee subject ; there was a conviction, amounting to absolutecertainty ia my mind, that my unhappy father had all too ! ossify allowed himself to be deceived, and I there and then solemnly vowed and resolved feat henceforward it should be the great object and aim of my life to demonstrate this to him to tha point of positive conviction. ' Yes," I ex claimed, springing to my feet wife renewed hope, " I had already one incentive — my love foi Inez — to spur me forward to great and noble achievements : I have now another — fee justification ot my dead mother's memory; and henceforward these shall be fee twin mars to guide me onward in my career. ' Foa Love Arm Hoxotnt' shall be my motto ; and, wife these two for guerdon, what may a man not dare aad do i" An hoar later saw me back in Kingston and comfortably ensconced in the bay- window of a private ' room in fee — — hotel inditing a long epistle to my father in collective reply to fee entire budget I had that morning received from him. In feis letter I summarily disposed of the mutiny and my subsequent adventures in half a dozen brief sentences, feeling that such a mat ter could well wait until my father was in a more congenial mood for the communication of par ticulars, devoting my entire energies to the combating of those doubts which I now saw had been for years insiduously sapping his happiness, ay, and his very intellect as well. I thanked him for taking me into his confidence, f ally entered into my reasons for regarding his suspicions as groundless, and besought him first to communicate to me fully all the facts ot the case — which, I pointed out to him, I ought to be made acquainted with, in order that I might be enabled to take the fullest advan tage of any opportunity which might offer, in my wanderings, to sift the matter to the bottom, and then to dismiss all thought of it from his mind. This letter cost me three or four hours of severe study ; bnfc I contrived to bring it to a satisfactory conclusion at la3t ; and then, with a considerably lighter heart, I began and finished a letter to Inez, in which, mingled with the usual lover-like protestations, I gave her fall details of our adventure from the parting moment on the beach to our arrival iu Port Royal harbour. I further told har feat I found myself at that moment possessed of a tidy little sum in prize money, and that, inspired by my love for her, I hod resolved to fight my way to the top of the ladder with the utmost possible expedition, with a great deal more of the same sort, which would no doubt appear the most arrant nonsense to you, dear reader, so I will not inflict it upon you. These two important tasks completed, I felt very much more easy in my mind, and was able to sit down to a dinner, which was shortly afterwards served, with a tolerable appetite. Whilst I was engaged in discussing the meal, Courtenay came in.. He informed me that he had accepted an invitation for himself and me to spend a week with Mr. Thomson (the admiral's, and also our own, agent) at his country . house, some fifteen miles off in the heart of the Blue Mountain ranges and that, "as he had been unable to find me in time for us to go "out there that evening, our host had promised to send in a couple of saddle-horses and a nfegro guide for our accommodation next morning, and that we should find them awaiting us at Mr. Thomson's store at nine o'clock. This was good news, for though I had pulled myself pretty wall together after the shock occasioned bv the perusal of my father's letters, I felt that a little change and amusement would be mo3t acceptable under the circumstances. On the following morning, punctual to the moment, we presented ourselves at the rendez vous ; where we found, a3 had been promised, a couple of excellent saddle-horses awaiting us in charge of a grinning, happy-looting negro groom, who was mounted on a stout mule. Our guide, who informed us that his name was Pompsy, promptly took charge of our valises, which he slung one on each side of his own saddle ; we then mounted, and without loss of time got undpr weigh for our destination. The first six or seven miles of our journey was unin teresting enough, but when ws plunged into the mountain road and found ourselves environed on each side by a thick growth of luxuriant tropical vegetation, the foliage and flowers of which bore all and more than all the hues of the rainbow, whilst gorgeous butterflies, gaudy insects, and birds of the mo3t brilliant- plumage flitted hither and thither about us, with an occasional opening in the dense growth re vealing fee mostenehanting little views of the distant harbour or sea, or perchance a passiug glimpse of some quiet vale, with its cane-fields, boiling-house, and residential buildings, our journey became an -enjoyable one- indeed. We reached our destination — an extensive and some what straggling one-storied building, with large lofty rooms shrouded ia semi- darkness by the <£ jalousies," or Venetian shutters which ate used to carefully exclude every ray of sunlight about noon; and received a most cordial and hearty welcome from our host, a most hospitable r Scotchman, and hi& family, and here — not to unnecessarily spin out my yarn — we spent one of the most plea saut and ery oyable weexs £ had j up to that fame passed. The family, in adai- . tion io our host and his charming wife, con- i sifted of a son and three daughters, who did | everything that "was possible to make our visit | . pleasant, and. they were a musical family ( ; throughout ; bo that what with shooting, riding, visiting our somewhat distant neigh- ! hours, and receiving visits in return, when j \- singing and dancing became the order of the j evening, our short holiday passed all too quickly, f These most excellent people were the first, as they were the warmest friends I ever I made in the island ; and when, late I in the afternoon of the eighth day of j oar visit, Coartanay and L, with Pompey again ; for our pilot, mounted to return to Kingston. we received, a vary warm and evidently sincere ! invitation from the whole family to make their 1 house our home whenever opportunity would j afford. We slept at our hotel that night, and, j bright and early next morning, made our wav j to Port Royal, where almost the first object ; which met "our view was our new ship, the ; Foam, at anchor close under the stern of the flag-ship, with the hands on board busy bend- t ruga new suit of canvas. j Directing oar boatman to run alongside, a j minute or two later saw lis on deck shaking j hands wife Mr. Neil O' Flaherty, our new com- ! raander, who proved to be a regular typical Irishoian — genial, high- spirited, and full to overflowing with fun and humour. \Y e took to him in a moment ; and I tJunk the favourable . impression was mutual, for we never had the ; ghost of an unpleasantness with him. during the short but eventful period whi'fe we served under him. We had been thoughtful enough to bring our cheats along wife us jn the boat, so ; that we could join at once, if need were ; these ; were accordingly hoisted up over the side, and fee boatman dismissed; after which, at O' Flaherty's invitation, we descended to Die j cabin to cement our new friendship over a glass f of wine, and to have a chat about the cruise upon which we were about to enter, leaving fee boatswain to superintend fee operations on. deck. The admiral, it seemed, had only given our new skipper & very general set of instruc tions, tearing him to arrange all details as to : the armament and manning of the schooner after a conference wife us, as we were supposed to be tha persons best posted on fee question of- these requirements. The whole of the morning ; was devoted to a fall and particular recital oa our part of everything which bad transpired I from the moment of our boarding the Pinta until feat of oar leaving her ; after which we formed ourselves into a committee to discuss the outfit of the craft ; and we bow learned, some what to our chagrin, that Carera and his boat's crow, having duly turned up at Port Royal, had : made such representations to the admiral as had induced feat distinguished officer to release them and the felucca forthwith, upon the understanding "that they were to return at once to La Guayra. and were not to attempt to com municate, either directly or indirectly, wife Uerlani or any of fee other pirate gangs on fee Cuban coast which it was proposed feat we t should attack. This, of course, was all very ' . " „ i welt: and wdold'&o; aoharm whatever if fee rasoals o ate affiled to ferir agreement: but of tMs I confess If# somewhat doubtful. The mischief, however, if mischief there were, was done, and it was therefore no ose to worr f about it ; bnt I saw. that it would need even greater ciroums»eotion feat ever in the carrying out of our difficult enterprise, and for feat, heaven knows, tha necessity ought never to havd been created. Our palaver over, we all adjourned to fee deck, and from feence into the gig, which bad been ordered alongside to convey us on shore to the dockyard. We took advantage of feis opportunity to maks a thorough, inspection of the outward appearance of the craft which was to be our future home ; and, so far as I at least was concerned, I cannot say that fee impression produced was au altogether satisfactory erne. Ia the first place, the Foam was, to my mind, rather small for fee work fee had to do, measuring only eighty tons register. She was, it is true, a very fine beamy little vessel for her size, of shallow draught of water, with sides as round as an apple, and beautifully moulded | indeed, I judged, from fee look of her, thatfea had evidently been specially built for privateer ing purposes, her carrying capacity being very small, whilst no effort seemed to have been Bpared to tendor her exceedingly fast and stiff under her canvas. She was very strongly built of oak, wife massive timbers, copper fas tenod throughout, and heavily coppered up to her bends ; so that, as far as her hull was con cerned, there was not mnch, beyond its size, to find fault with. But, in the matter of spars and rigging, . those heathens the dockyard riggers had completely ruined her, as O'FIaherty admitted, almost with tears in his eyes. Her lower masts had boen left in her intact and untouched, as they had been when she first fell into our hands, and two handsomer sticks I never saw ; but, in place of the tall slim willowy topmasts which she then carried, they had sent up a couple of heavy, clumsy sticks which, with the yards on her foremast, were stout enough for a vessel of at least twice her tonnage. And, not content with this, they had further hampered the poor lit'tle craft with a regular maze of heavy shrouds, stays, and backstays, all of which had been set up until they "were as taut as harp- strings, bo that we had only too much reason to fear that, in a fresh breeze and a choppy sea, we should find the little craft cramped and her sailing powers completely spoiled. There wa3 one comfort, however ; the rigging was all new, and we trusted that a few hours would stretch it sufficiently to re store in some measure the spring and play of her spars ; but fee heavy top- hamper with which she was burdened was an evil which could only be cured in one way ; and I re solved that it should be cured as soon as we got out of harbour, if I could bring O'Flahertv to my way of thinking. Our inspection completed, we pulled ashore to the dockyard, where O'FIaherty made out and handed in his requisition for such further stores as we considered would be necessary ; and from thence we wended our way to tb.3 gun wharf, where arrangements were made for me substitution of six brass long sixes in place of the nine-pound carronades with which it had been proposed to arm the little hooker. These, with the long eighteen which was already mounted on a pivot on the forecastle, would, we considered, make us as fit to cope with the pirates as we could hope to be in so small a craft. The guns came alongside and were hoisted in that same afternoon ; and fee following day witnessed the completion of our preparations for sea, including the shipping of our ammunition and the filling up of our water-tanks, etc. O'FIaherty was able to re port himself ready for sea late that afternoon, upon which all three of us were invited on board the Mars to dine with the admiral. The captain of the Emerald frigate, which had ; arrived the previous day, and his son, a mid shipman belonging to the same ship, were also among the guests, and ia fee latter I thought I recognised the young gentleman who had amused himself by popping away at me with a musket during the pursuit ef the Piuta through the Boca de Guajaba. I was not quite certain about the matter at first ; but fee conversation which ensued upon the admiral making mention of fee Foam's destination and mission soon convinced me that I was correct in my surmise. The Emerald, it then turned oat, was the identical frigate from which we had so narrowly escaped ; and Captain Faii- shawe at once waxed eloquent upon the un paralleled audacity and effrontery of tbs Cuban pirates, ami the urgent necessity of their prompt suppression, instancing the escape of the Finta as a case in point. His son, too, had a great deal to say upon the subject, and: seemed somewhat disposed to draw fee long bow when narrating his own share of the furs'iit, which tendency I thought it only ind to nip in the bud by giving our version of the affair. Both tether and son at first ap peared to be considerably nettled when they found that it was to us they owed their dis comfiture : but their better sense speedily pre vailed, and they joined as heartily as fee rest in the laugh against themselves. On parting at the gangway that night, however, as we prepared to leave for our respective vessels, rouug Faushawe laughingly remarked, as h€ gave our hands a cordial farewell grip : You have the laugh on your side at pi s- rent, LasceHes ; but I wain you that you will not get off so easily the next time I have a® opportunity of taking a pot-shot at you." We reached fee Foam about midnight ; and next morning at daybreak weighed and worked out of the roadstead wife fee first of tha sea-breeze, ninpingsharp romtd the point as soon a& we could weather it and keeping close along to windward of fee Palisades until we were abreast of Plum Point ; when, being fairly clear of the shoals, we braced sharp up for Yallak's Point. Once abreast of this, we were enabled -to check our weather-braces a triSe and ease off a foot or two of the raaiosheet. when away we went for Morant Point through as nasty a short choppy sea as it has ever beea my luck to encounter ; the schooner jerking viciously into it and sending the spray Irving from her weather bow right aft into the body of the mainsail and out over the lea quarter. But the discomfort to which we were feus subjected was amply compensated for by fee magnificent panorama of wooded raountam, brawling stream, sweeping bay, landlocked inlet, . frowning- cliff , and wMteaandy beach, as We skirted the shores u r this most beautiful aland of Jamaica; ('ro be covrnft'F.n. v 