A TAX ON BACHELORS. TO THB KDITOB, Sit-Judging from the letters, decidedly de preciatory to our fair cousins, one woald nap pa ee the Adelaide bachelors had federated themselves into a union and decided to boycott the poor girls. If BO, I must declare myself a blackleg and refuse all strike pay in the form of smoke socials, &x;, in which old bachelors Beem to find Each etj jy ment. Foe my part I much prefer (oo, wawtfcer, don't yer know) a Hammer Situcdij evening in Bundle-street, when "South Aus tralia's capital has gathered her beauty and her chivalry." The man who states tGat bacausa & girl, after working hard all Saturday perhaps in & musty chop, boot factory, or attending to her JBiBtieEs'a tboueand petty little require ments, prefers a pleasant walk, a social ex change [ofj greetings, or psrhapa a little baimlesa flirtation, to spsnding her evening reading a tract or preparing her Sunday Bchool lesBon ia not fit to make a wife mutt be an imbeoile or awfully near it, Tae girls to be met with in onr principal ctreeta oa a Saturday evening are not all ot them the giddy young things "Practical" would hare us believe. Certainly there are sour grape3 ia every bunoh, and " Practical" is evidently either very near-Bighted or pitiably ignorant o! the world's «aya not to be able to distinguish the "giddy, frivolous creatures" from the sensible, honest girls into whose good graces he has evidently notfallen and who decline to make alittle gcdof him. Have they not quite as much ifcht to paa3 an hour or two in a well . lit Btreet as he and his very much practical bachelor friends have? AB long as Australia remains a free country a tax: on bachelors and spinsters will be aa un known quantity. The only outcome of such a tax would be a matrimonial boom, which in a great many instances would mean Jumpiog out of the fiyingpan into the fire, not to epsaSc of a naturally large increase of little baohelors and BpiDBters to feed and clothe, No young feilo» would dream of marrying on less than £2 a week, almost double the salary half of them are getting at the pment time. What I should like to see would be all olaases of laboc federated in one great union, demanding a Btandaid rate of pay for all competent labor. Take,f or instance, Broken Hill, where the ruling rate of wages is from £3 to £4, No one of any capability is expected to work for less, Note the iprosperons condition of the town and the absence of want, doubtless brought about by the determined efforts of the A.M. A, I quite Bgreewith "Never Kegret It" asto the true cause of the disinclination ol a great number of young men to enter into a state of connubial bliB», viz., the number of fashionable -houses and prostitutes in our oity< If instead of wasting their oash in hotels, billiard saloons, &c;,, onr young men were to deposit it in one of the nnmerous banks they would .each soon ba in a position to furnish a house and marry the object of bis affection. A nice com'ordaule home and n dear little wife they would iiutf far lesB expensive and very much more ivitraafcive ?andenjoyable than playing ciiliarJs or dancing the nights away unrilthe stna' wee liouiaaycnt the twal - I am, &c;, HTi), ISir-I read with ancpnaa the latter o? 'Ua manied." He writes-0*n there bi *uy creature more contemptible or zidicaiotu th*n an old maid? Certainly there can, aa.1 the bachelor is that creature, Ho u'aould bs she lost one to write in that manner about old nuaids, considering it rests wiih him and his fellow bachelors whether there ace any old .maids ce not. Let those men go Irea from tjx who through ill-health or small salary cannot enter into the marriage state. Tax those men who are in good health and in receipt of a good salary and who will not marry. How many of this claEB are there who will cot keep ft wife ia honor, Lut do their utmoBt to Bwell the ranks of unfortunates who daily and nightly parade the streets of our fair city-the city of churches. I agree with "Never Regret It" that if the people as represented by the Government wish to increase their marriage statistic let t&em; da away with those half-way houses to hell, which are training morally and physically the young men of Adelaide. The number .of sucti houees tells plainly of the immoral oharaatar of the young ana even middle aged men. Is it to wondered at that there are so many ladies unmarried in Adelaide ? They can sea the character and unworthinesa of most of the young men, and would rather live a life of single blessedness than be the wife of the drunkard, gambler, or street- walker, Than why should old maids be considered contemp tible and ridiculous? The baohelors should be considered ho. We should honor and respect old maids, not look down upon them as your correspondent "Unmarried" evidently does, and not blame them for a state of affairs which ia brought about by the bachelors fihem telves. To all unmarried ladies I say, aB ia Barnard's " Old Maida' OhriBtma3 Bleet are the[souIs which having loafc, or never having known, The Bweets ol dear domeBtio life disdain to mops or moan; But gladly lead a helping hand where'er they find distress. Or live a happy Christian life of single blessedness. ?"I QQ)| &0i| ENGAGED TO POLLY. Sir-As regards the amusing question of tax ing ; bachelors and Bpicatera I aiiould say leave the parties alone, bat educate both sexes up to their proper standard for their future destiny of husbands and wives, and when this is done there will be no danger of a man getting a drag on his existence, and a woman need not fear that she will be obliged to keep her husband aud family with her own earnings. This edu cations course must be commenced by ttia parents in.the family circle. Get your boya to understand that they have to fight their ova way through the world, and that indaatry and thrift are the beys to wealth; and teachyoue girls all the household duties, and engraft into their hearts love and affection for haabtnd, family, and home by your own example, aai then they will make their homeB attractive la their husbands, and when the baohelors seo the real worth of women taey will not be afraid to take unto themselves a wife. I am quite Bura if both at least try to please the partner of their choice less quarrels and fewer old bachelors and old maids will ba the result. -I PAENAROD No. 2. Sir-Let the bachelors alone, they do as iKuoh good in the world aa the apinatera. Bat I would like to tax, acd.beavily too^aUthose old dames who instead of minding their own huai cesB are interfering with that oi the bachelors. II thoEe women were to keep their husbiuda' bnttocB aewed on and eooka darned they wjulti not tied time to write nonsense. No #ojd ftife or mother neid advertise her half dozen daughters, Shame on bsou a somsu. Whit opinion will the baebeiorn have o5 worna-j .vitic that? Paper and ink ate chs^p, .suni^ ut°e plentiful, bnt common bsbp6 and ivoirmulv delicacy seuu ECHICR. -I BO', ⅈ , A HArPY Wli'Jt AND MolHElt, Clarp, November 22,1890 Bur-I don't Bee at all wby they should pro pose to put a tax oo th« poor b»chelor«L Sh.ute ii's cot ibe fuulfe av a great many av thina that tbty are tittle to day. How cao a inau get manied il he can't find a wife? It'* me owa opicion tbat ibe girls are all too indepiadeut ia this colony. Shure whin I was ia the ouid countbry, before I osme to Australia, it's dozens av colleens could be bad for the axin' any day ia lbs week; and faiae looliin' craythnra tbey wor, too. Divil a finer ye'd tee in the whale world. To ba Bhnre moBt a7 thim winfc bare fatted, eroept oa Sondaye, bnt what odda does that snake 1 It only shows tbat they wor more hardy than tha colonial girlB. An .be the same token if a girl fhowa a porty^nfele, Bhtira Ihat'eno disgrace; it only afldB to ber charms, They wor all able to do* bard day's work, whioh is morethMi e&n; be taid for the o'olcnial girls, any nay, for wan balf av tbim are more ornamintal than npjeful, an' are brought up nowadays wid auah extmvoginfc ideaB in regard to dress that a poor man is most afraid av matrimony for fen it might be the ruination av him, iastftnl av nmkin' him happy -an' continted loiki, ?Faith, moefc av the colonial girls are that con sated thatthey won't Ink at a man at all, unless he's got plinty av money an' can pot on plinty &v; aide aa well aa havin' any amount of blarney. An' Bhnre there's another thing to be Bed, The girls won't luk at a dacent man av 28 or 80, whereas they'll piok np fast enough wid a bit av a gossoon av 19 or 20 with nary a hair on his face - faith, havn't I often seen them in Handle BtreetoB* Saturday night galivantin' up an' down - fast enough, an' perhaps only gettin' hta pound a week, or mebbe leas than that. Av course, two thirds of thim oan't afford to get married. Bedad, I'd loike to know what show does a marriageable man stand again thim hobble da hoys. Not the ghost av a chance, share. Now, sur, why can't the Go vernment bring oat a fen ship loads av girls from the oula counthry, or from England ©ither for that matther; though, begor, you can't bate the Irish oolleenB, Bejabers, they'd soon be all married and done wid afther their arrival. That would aqualise matthers. At the pretont time tha number av single min in the colony greatly predominates over the single women, an' EO its Email wondther that so many unfortunate bachelors cannot get spliced. Here have I been on the look out for a wife for the la3ht eight yearB, an deuce a wan can I get at all at all. Share an isn't that a great misfortune ? I'm juat 30 now oome next January, an'I'm inresate av a good salary, an' got a nice little sum pat by fin a rainy day. I'm not at all bad lookin' either for that matter (if that's any reoommindation), an ehure I don't drink, barrin' the lashteBt tatte to keep out the oowld, or a sup now an' thin whin I'm travellin', But wid all ma attractions I'm still eingle. Now, sur, can yeeB tell me why should I have to pay a tax? Hav'nt I tried every raisonable manner to foind a wife, an if I have not yet been successful its not my fault. Some av your correspondents, sur, suggest that the onld maids should be taxed; I say by all manes tax thim whin they reach SO, nnlesB they can forniBh a good raison for not getting married before thin. Share now, sur, if I don't soon meet wid anioedaoent girl who iB willin' to have me, I intend to take a trip over to Taemany, where I'm tonld they're not so indepindent aa they are here, an' where there's any amount av nice sinBible food-lookin'girls to be had for the aria', 'erhape, Mister Editnr, some av tha nume rous bachelors who have been writin1 to you lately on the same subject, will take tha hint an' do likewise. I ami &o;, PADDY MILES. Wohdey, November 24,1,890, Sir-In reply to "A Bashful Man, laker* Dean North," who says he has not the courage to "pop the question," I would Bay, "Pluok, jronog man," aa there are plenty of young girls around Inkerman who are not 25 that Rant huebanda. I know o! hard-working girls who would only be too glad to get married and be the light and comfort of some " Baehfal young man's " home. I think a tax on bachelors a thing that wonld bring Hunh young men to their bearinga. -I am, &o; i OLD HAND, Inkexman North, Xovembsr 25, 1890, Sir-Like "Barbie is Willin'," I too have been watching the papers to see if any of the Waukaringa young men would venture a lance in the great contest now raging on taxing toaohelors, Up to the present they have dis played enongh common sense to keep out o! print; but on looking at my paper to day I saw a letter Bigned as above. The whole letter amackB very much of a young gentleman with whom I am bnt Blightly acquainted, bat who was good enongh to give some of bis experience for the benefit of his companions-four yonng men-either of whom could get me for the asking, [They are fairly good-looking, and are in posii lions which would enable them to keep an econo mical wife, Buoh as aaveral girls of my acquain tance wonld make. " Barkis is Willin'" com* plains that there are only about a dozen girls cere. Surely he doesn't require more than that. If there were 600 the lawB of the oountry would prevent him from having more than one; con sequently it would be useless to bring maze here to Bwell the number of those who are anxious to give the parson a chance of making a pound or two or £310s., as the caBa may be. I confeEs! am one of those acxioua ones, and 1 Bay so because I don't believe in mauvais honte. With reference to taxing the baahelora, I think the Government ought to levy a tax of £12 10s. per annum on all baohelora over 35, and in all fairness I would add that all women over 25 who have rejeoted two suitors should pay a tax of, say, £3 2i. 6d, per annum, and for every additional refasal, not inclusive of the two already mentioned, let the tax be doubled. I deplore the want of courage manifested on the part of the young men of Waukaringa, the result of which is I *m single. I am conscious of the faat that some of onr yonng men are of opinion that the girls wouldn't have them beoause their salaries are small. This is a mistake; many of u& are Killing to sayj like Annie Laurie-" Though small our destined portion, I have my all in thee," WATJKA.RINGA, Sir-I have read all the letters on the above subject, and have come to the conclusion that Done of your correspondents have Bpoken as plainly as they might have done. In the first place mothers aze to blame for the lack of ''good wives" in neglecting to teaoh their daughters housekeeping. How manj?mothers are then who insist upon their daughters thoroughly understanding housework'-" prac tice," sot "theory?" It seemB to me that if a girl can play the piano, do fsraoy crork, pass through her class at school, and dress well she is considered fit for a wife, but the sooner that theory is dona away with the better, A man caieB very little for musio or any other accomplishment if he be hungry, {They eay that the way to find an Englishman's heart is through his stomach, and I believe it is quite true and applies to all men whether English or not, Therefore, would it not be reasonable to tax all women over 20 who are nnable to cook, wash, mend, and make their own clothes ? At present unless a man gets a very good salaxy he cannot keep a wife ami pay others to do her work ; but before marriage a man thinks or Eays very little about the thinks that trouble him most after marriage, A man will pasa a plain-looking girl who may be poor but a treasure, and go to no end of trouble to gain the hand and heart, of some dressed up doll. I dareBay some of my sex will say very nasty things when reading this, but it is quite true. Now, what I would suggest is this. Tax all women over 20 who are still unmarried and undomesticated, and tax all men over 25 who are either too meau, lazy, self loving, or drunken to keep a wife, This, I believe, would bring matters to a proper Btaod; for that marriage is the true state there is no question. At any r&te; I hope some good will come through this correspondence, -I am, PEAJRD, Sir-There, can be no doubt that the falling GB in rate o! marriage increasing severity in the "struggle for existence." But many men and woman able to marry do not, and there can be no doubt that a very large proportion ol both are afraid of the irrevocable nature of the tie. It is too riefcy. Marriages ohould be permitted for a term of five years, all arrangements .as to dis posal of property, custody of children, allowances for maintenance, &o.;, bbicg set out in the original contract. If the paitiss failed to separate within three months of expiry of the five years the marriage would thereafter become permanent. Thia would not of course meet the views of those who believe marriage to be a religious sacrament, but they could marry- according to their own ideas. [There can be no -reason why they Bhould be allowed to force their views upon the large and increasing number as a civil oontraot, the same &B; an ordinary business partnership, If my suggestion were carried out it would be welcomed in hundreds of cases, and probably only a very small per centage would separate after having five years to "thake down " into each other's ways. -I REFORMEJ Sir- The bachelors say they are bashful, I am Eure I have never seen a baehfal one yet. They call the girls flirts. Now whftt ia a paor girl to do? The real foot of the matter is, tha girla would rather pay the tax than marry some of them; they who walk the street with high-heeled boots and look as if the ground was not good enough for them to walk CD, wear a small hard hat, a tight-fitting suit of clothes, rings cn their fingers, a walking, stick, a watoh chain, &o.; I wish the town masGero would give a little account of all they have in six months. I myself have about three dreesep, two bate, and' three pairs of tocota a year. I ask it a bachelor, unless bereft o! his eenees,. calls that extravagant? I knovz how to keep a house tidy, do the week'd wash' ing, ironing, mending, ecrnbbing, cook mealB, or bake hread to euit any man. Some men conld make a eirl happy, bnt they must Btay at borne acd ba happy themselves, and not go to the hotel or other placeB of amusement. I will never matry a man who drinks or Rambles, A man and wife conld live com fortably on 30s, a week if the man ia oarefnl and the woman manageable, bnt no«if it costs 18b, in pipes and repaitB, and the men who thnB spend their money make the poor excuse for not marrying-"I cun't afford to keep a wife." How can they expeot to ? I sav tax 'em end not the old maids, -Iam, &c.;, A* r . n . IOIF| South Icketmao, December 1,1890, Sit-It baa often struck me that a'womau in being gnided in her choice of a haaband attaches more importance to personal appear ance than to anything else. When too late the scales fall from her eyes and she tabes down the oreotnre of her lanoy from the pedestal cn which she had placed him and looks him sqtmiely in the face; then she finds whit a miserable object he is. Before firing her choice upon a man she ahonld fiad cct his real character and love him for that alcEc. Beauty ia hut ekin deeo- How often docs it hide a black heart, ia . writing this I don't for a moment wish to imply that beauty of faoa and form ia node* airable, I would simply impress upon the faic sex that beauty of charaater far excels all other formB of beauty, and should therefore be their only guide in ohoosiog a companion for life, The views of Borne of your correjponilaata have moved me to write this. -I am, &o;, A MAKKLUD MAN. Sir-How often is impressed upon the minda of youths the folly of mairying a girl brought op a little above the Ordinary working olasa, It is DO tmeommon thing to hear it said " How absurdly Mrs. Jones ia bringing up her daughters, They play the piano and always appear so well dressed. What word ing men oonld keep them in similar style?" My experience has taught me that Buch girls make the most thrifty and oarafal wives and mothers. If a bachelor would enter the homeB of euch he would most probably see that all the domestic work was done by thsm, whilst very little if anything ia paid to either dressmaker or tailor, Thepiano only fills up time too often spent by others in parading the streets. It is a great mistake to think that servants are alone fit for domestic work. am, &o;>, A YOUNG MOONTA MOTHEK, Sir-I am very glad that there ia a proposal on foot totaxbaohelora, l oan assure yon that there areiu tbiB townBhip at least 50 girls ready and willing to many any respectable man on the Bhoiteat notice-next weefc if neoesaary. There aie also quits a number of young men who are' in a position to marry if they ohoae to do ao; bnfc they will not marry until forced, They pay their attentions to a girl for a few weeks, and juBt when she begins; to think they mean bnedneBS [they get tired of her and want a change, and the consequence ia the poor girl ia made a fool ol. Now do yon not think this ia hard on ub poor girls 1 Here we are ready and willing to marry, and yet the yonng meu will not enter into the contract. I say, tax 'em and tax'em heavily, If "Unengaged" will ooma out to this township and really deairea to get a wile, he can pzoonre one that will Bait him in less than, a week. am. &o.;, ELSIE. Willunga, December 6, 1890, Sir-From "BarkisV, point of viewWauka ricga would seem to be a spinster's paradise. Nov the real facta o! the case are the38. The 12 girls referred to areiwithout exo9pvion per sonally attractive, amiable, and industrious, The 60 baohelors are about the silliest slowest lot. that could be crowded into so small a place as Waukaringa, I do not suppose that out o! the whole 60 there are. half-a-dozen that are worth a moment's thought from any sensible girl, II a girl only looks at them they immediately conclude that she is desperately in love, and they pereecute her accordingly till she fairly bluffs them off, I think they ought to be heavily taxed. Place a tax on them that will drive them all out of the colony and import a few men to fill their places, -I affi'&0" UNSUITED. Waukaricga, December 4, 1890, Bir-The Tpereon who started the idea of taxing the bachelors deservea the thanks of all your readers who enjoy a little {an, bat when it cornea to a jfoudk man writing to say be can not marry because he haB only 70a. a wsek, it is a bit too good (oe bad), If a man goes to work in a proper manner he will find that a little money can be made go a long way. To Btart with get say a [three roomed cottage, and only farniture that yon can pay for, None of your five or aiz rooms with time-payment fnrnitnre, That is where a great mistake 13 made, Young people think too much 0! ap pearance in this colony, I have seen a lot of the effects of time payment business, and mast say it is not a poor man's system, Pay ca3h and you get cheaper ratea. -I am, &a;, MARRIED, Sir-Man; girls will not marry [il fcfaa bachelors are taxed, for fear they should wed some one who wonld marry them to prevent paying the tax. I think it would be batter to leave taxation alone, and take the advice o! " A.F.J." or "EN,," and they wonld have happier homes than if frightened |,into jnatri mony tbroogb taxation, -Iam» &o.;, M.LI, Bejnellft. December 6,1S90. ! Sir-Thia subject is much talked of, eapa I cialJy by yotmg people. Each says that hia or hex bbz should not be taxed, but that the other eex should, This is an far a? they agree. The diecuBBion on the tax, however, haB done Bome good in breaking the ic8-a cold word perhaps applied to love-for bashful bachelors, aa the lolloping conversation, which I was in the un enviable position to hear, Bbowss-She " But, dear, what would you do it a tax was passed?" He-"Oh, you know." She " Well, I oan't say that I do, bat you woald not [pay the tax, would you?" He-"No* not & penny. I would take & gentle creature to my bosom and avoid it." While saying this, and in all probability to intimate who this " gentle creature" was, he put an arm round her waist and his face very near to here, and and'I didnotlooktOBee what took place. Iheard her say abstractedly, "I wish the tax was passed." What followed readers muat fancy. The partieB will not now pay the tax, £ look on thiB Bubjeot from a different light to most of your correspondents. To tax either party iB gross injustice. The taxed party would triumph over the'other, taunt them with their burden, and make them, pay it as long as possible. Imagine the poor figure a taxbearer would Osaka when propoiing to one who without reason doubts hia sincerity, and who takes this Btep not to avoid the tax but at the dictates of love. If a. tax is imposedat all it should be of an equal amount.cn both sexes over 25 yeara.. Eaoh party then would be mora aotive, more energetic, and more solicitous in paying little attentions to win eaoh other's love, and con sequently to bo far sympathise aa to free each other from the tax, The centre of gravity will be reached all the sooner as there, is an equal pressure on the extremes-each party hasa will in-its work. There is this important consola tion in getting married under this sort of law that the amount of the tax saved may be regarded as an increase of salary. Neither party should wiBh to tax the other-it is selfish, it is unjust, and it is not doing to others aa we would wiah others to do to us. -I am, &a.;, TAX BOTH PARTIES, Sir-I presume those who wish the tax to become law are old crotchety maids, who ara beginning to feel afraid that they ara getting too far advanced, in. life to change their single state; also parents who have got elderly daughter?, who seem to thiufe they are a long time in picking up a beau. Those who are in favor of the tar have not made any distinction as to whether the bachelors are in a position financially to keep a wife and family or not, no? as to whether he be white or blaok,. I presume both; if not, I should certainly say that the black bachelor should be taxed as well as tha white; alea, I should propose that if jtay black bachelor asked "Mary Smith" or. the other parents who are in favor of the tax for the hatid of one of their daughters in marriage and they would not consent to such a marriage a fine Ehould be imposed on the objeotor ol not less than £50. As to taxing spinsters I do not approve of it, as a young lady has cot the aarne privilege aa the bachelors have-a lady does cot make an offer of marriage to young men, I do not hold with flirting or play ing with one another's feelings on either side. If a young man, because he fanoies that he loves her, propoaaB to a young lady, and she because ehe has not got any other feeling than friendship for him doe3 not accept him, ia it right that she should be taxed? I say no. Among my many and bast friends are some, of the fair sex who have had offers of marriage, and some of them have been from young men in tt good financial position or well to do, hat th6y did not accept, Why 1 For the simple reason that they had not that greatest of bless ings " love" for them, and they will not give the hand where they cannot give the heart, It is a great pity that all those of both sexes who get married were not of the same mind as those I have mentioned; then there would not be so many unhappy marriages, I do not believe in or hold with parents who compel their daughter to marry a young man who has got a little money if the daughter does not care for the man, I connt that a great Bin, How do such marriages end? Some get divorced, and then marry the one of their heart's choice, Bet the daughter, whether she be a wealthy person or not, use her judgment, bb Ehe is bound to her husband for life when married. My firm belief is that certain people of either sex are oreated for one another, I do not know whether I have eeen what is to be my future wife as yet; one thing iB certain, wbereas I am ovic 30 years of age, and a bachelor, I have never pro posed to any young lady. As this is a free country, I don't see why snob a tax Ehould be roxpoEcd on na bacbeloig. -I am, &t;, J.W.O. The new idea of the " Picture Plebiscite" ig attracting keen interest among the visitors to the British Art Gallery. The knowledge that the gallery is to close in another 10 days ftttiacted splendid attendances on Monday and TneEday, and the Bale ol art nnion tickets has gona on so briskly that only S60 (or £65 worth) now remain. At the. present rata these will all lie disposed of in another two days, and the drawing will take place on Monday aftersoon in the gallety. Mr. T. Magarey has presented to the Hind- marsh Volunteer Fire Brigade one of Shand, Mason, & Co.'s manual fire engines, which is capable of throwing a stream of water 80 ft, high. The members of the brigade complain that the water pressure at Hindmarsh is not sufficiently strong to enable them to cope with a fire of any size, but this difficulty will now be overcome. The superintendent of the brigade (Mr. J. M. Reid) intends having the engine put in thorough working order before it is placed in the brigade station in Adam- street, where a small hand reel will also be kept. It is intended to raise the strength of the brigade from nine to fifteen members. 