A BllOKBN HEART. (13v 'Tasma.') CHAPTER II. LADY CHABLTON'S 1UM*. It is three weeks sinc« Maud Munroe listened with such eager iutcrest to the story of Violet Leigh's revenge ; and it is also the night of Lady Charlton's ball. All is glitter and excitement at Charlton House, for this is the last ball of tbe season, and everyone is inviicd, and amongst those is Maud Munroe : and iu crc is o-*o a special invitation ror \ ioici, for old Lady Charlton had taken a great liking to her sad, beautiful facc the very first time she saw her. 'Why, Violet!' Maud said, as she handed her the inritation, 'onco I was a favorite of Lady Charlton, but you have completely eclipsed me ; I shall really be gin to feel jealous/ Violet gave her a quick, questioning glance, as though she were trying to find out if Maud's words contained any hidden meaning, and then smiled sadly. 'Don't be jealous of mc. dear Maud, ior really you have not the slightest cause ; it is only out of pity that she has invited mc/ she said, bitterly. ' Oh! Violet, do not wrong her she is a good old lady, and a kinder friend you could find nowhere. I know her better than you, and I know it is because she has taken such a fancy to yon, and not out of pity, tbat you are invited.' Violet Leigh smiled bitterly as she an swered — ' Do not talk to me of friends, Maud, because I do not believe in friendship ; it is all shallow, sellish deceit.' ' Oh ! but you must come, Violet, really you must not think of staying at home,' iuaua saia quickly. ' Oli, yes, Maud, I will go/ Violet an swered, and thus the discussion ended ; and accordingly at the appointed time, Maud and Violet arrived at Charlton House. Old Lady Charlton came bust ling forward to receive them, and wel comed them cordially. As they entered the reception room a general murmur went round as to who tbe beautiful young ladv was. Violet was a graceful dancer, and she was soon surrounded by many partners begging for the next dance. Many an admiring eye followed her as she waltzed gracefully through the mazy waltz. 4 Whoever the young lady is/ said one old veteran to another, 'she is decidedly the handsomest woman in the room / and. just as he spoke, Maud Munroe passed, leaning on the arm of a tall, handsome man, about twenty-five years of age. 4 Miss Leigh is about the loveliest woman I have met/ he said, as they passed out of hearing. A pained, jealous look flashed into Maud's facc as she answered, * Yes; she is very pretty/ 4 Xo, it ^ is not altogether prettiness/ was Captain Armstrong's reply, 4 but she looks as though she had a sad history. As if/ he added, ' she had at some time suffered a great deal/ At this juncture another partner claimed Maud, and the Captain crossed to the place where Violet was standing and claimed her for the next waltz. ' The Captain seems charmed with your friend, Miss Munroe/ Baid Maud's part ner ; ' see how enraptured he appears to be !' Maud looked in the direction indicated by her partner, and her face grew pale as death. ' Heavens I Bliss Munroe, are you ill ?' he cried, in the greatest alarm. ' Do sit down. Can I do anything for you !' 44 No, I thank you, Mr Jennings, it is only a passing faintness. I shall be better directly ; but I should like a glass of ' Certainly, Miss Mnnroc, I shall be back directly/ was the reply. And Maud eagerly drank the water and tried to appear as calm as usual. She had partly succeeded, when she became aware that someone was singing. She looked up, and saw Violet seated at the piano and Captain Armstrong turning over the leaves of the music-book, and as she listened she thought she had never heard anything so beautiful. 'Twas a love-song she was singing, and it seemed like the wail of despair coming from a I broken heart. These were the words of her song : — I cannot mind my wheel, mother ; 1 can not mind my wheel ; You know nob what my heart must know, you feel not what I feel. My thread is idly cast, mother; mytboughte are o'er the sea ; 1 My hopes are fading fast, mother, but fear you not for me. 1 cannot mind my wheel, mother; I can not mind my whoel ; You know not what my heart must kuow, you feel not what i feel. 1 had a dreadful dream, mother: 'twas of a bhip at sea ; 1 saw a form amidst the storm, I beard him call on me ; I heard him call on me, mother, as plain as now 1 speak ; J thought my brain would burst, mother — I thought my heart would break. 1 cannot mind my wheel, mother ; I can not mind my wheel ; You know not what my heart mu6t know, you feel not what 1 feel. 1 cannot mind my wheel, mother; my true love's o'er the sea ; And yet one word — one word from you would have kept him here with me. I cannot mind my wheel, mother; I can not mind my wheel ; You know not what my heart mu6t know, you feel not what 1 feel. The beautiful voice rose in such a wail of despair, and then sank to such a sad yearning, that no one could doubt that the words came from her heart. It sounded liko the cry of an imprisoned bird longing to bo free, or tho cries of her poor aching heart as it struggled to free itself and fly to that absent one. As the last notes died away, Violet rose from tho piano, and congratulations flowed in on all sides, and they begged her to honor them once more ; but she firmly declined, saying she really could not sing just then. The ball at length was over, the guests departed, and the great reception- rooms, looked empty and deserted in the pale moonlight, fraud and Violet were tne first to go, for Maud had no heart to ptay and watch Violet's conquests. For the first time since she had known her, Maud was irritable and constrained with Vinlct. but Violet d1^ not notice her eoldne-s, being weary wit tbe night's excitement. Next day ihecaptaiu culled, and Maud seemed so annoyed after he bad gone, and I seemed so relieved when Violet loi't the room, tnat the latter wu.s surprised ; then all at once the truth dawned on her. 4 Poor IVTaud, you Jove th'j captsiin, and you are jealous of mo ; but you need not fear, darling,' she murmured. * I am not so ungrateful as to forget a friend, for although 1 do not btlieve in friend ship generally, yet you have proved yourself a true friend to me. and I will never stand in your way ; and though I did break one girl's henrt she deserved it, and you do not/ Then she slowly made her way to Ihc drawing-room where Maud was sealed, and kneeling by her side she put her arm earcssingly round her neck. ' Maud, dear,' she said gently, * do not think mc ungrateful for your kiuduess, for believe mc I am not.' Maud Munro looked at her companion in surprise, and Violet continued — ' Maud, I want to leave you and go away from here altogether- to go again into scenes and a new home.' Maud, now thoroughly aroused, looked up in astonishment. ' How is this, Violet ?' she said, ' Hare I been so unkind to you tbat you wish to leave mc? Has my homo been so un congenial that you would find a new one ? Tell mo why you have resolved so sud denly to leave mc.' Violet answered hurriedly, 4 Believe me, Mnud, it is better that I should go better and wiser to go than stay ; and do not be angry, for pcrehanee we may never meet again after I leave you ; but Captain Armstrong, and I must not. dare not, stay. Aud do not grieve for me, dear,' she added, ' for J. shall be quite safe and will write to you.' Maud Munro's face flushed, and the tears gathered iu her eyes. ' No, Violet, you are a dear, unselfish girl, but you must not go; what would J do without you,' she said, passing her haud over her companion's sunny head. 4 No, dear,' Violet said quickly, 4 my mind is made up ; I cannot stay — I must go to- morrow.' ' To-morrow ! Oh, Violet, you never mean to go so soon ; surely you will stay a little longer/ said Mau'd, reproach fully. ' No, Maud/ was the sad reply ; ' I have caused enough misery, and I can not, dare not, stay. I will go by train to-morrow to Statham, and stay with my sister Ada until I sec my way clear;' and rising as she spoke she tenderly kissed her companion's brow and walked slowly from the room. Violet passed slowly out of the draw ing-room up the broad staircase, and entering her room she shut the door and sank wearily in a chair by the open win dow. ' Is it to be always thuB?' she said, bitterly ;/is love to be always the bane cruelly persecuted for my childish folly ? Would to Heaven I had died before I met Charlie Darrell, for since I saw his false, handsome face, everything that made life bright has vanished ; even my trust in God has deserted me. Oh, it is a cold, erucl world. Charlie! Charlie!' she cried, * why did you deccivc me ? — why did you win my heart only to trample it under foot ? But for your false vows I should now, perchance, be happy and contented ; but, now ? ' Here her head sank wearily on her breast, and hard bitter sobs shook her slight form. But, by-and-byc, she be came calmer, and rising from her scat, she began slowly to pack her belongings. ' Ah, dear old room that has seemed to me such a haven of rest, never more will you witness the storms of this broken heart/ she falteringly said. ' Soon shall I s{0 fiom here to a home no one knows where. Would to Heaven my next home were tho grave, for I am weary of this torture, weary of the world and every thing in it — longing for that dreamless sleep that comes to us all, soouer or later, and knows no awakening. Mother ! Mother!' she wailed, 'can you sec your child now, as you look down from the Heavenly Home that you used to sing of to mc. Are you looking down from Hearen and grierin gorer your sinful, re so weak that you cannot forget the false face of the man who despised you and trampled on your love ? Will you never cease to grieve over one who has, no doubt, forgotten you? Oh, but it is a vcak foolish heart that caunot forget iho one who trilled with you so cruelly.' TheD, rising from the bed where she nad flung herself, she bathed her flushed face and brushed back her beautiful curling hair, and after taking another sad survey of the room, she descended the stairs, and slowly and sadly made her way to the dining-room. As she entered the' room, 2Jaud turned a woeful, tear stained facc to her. 'Oh, Violet! How lonely I shall be when you are gone,' she said ; 4 1 shall feel lost, . cannot make myself believe that this time to-morrow I shall be alone.' ' Nonsense, Maud,' was the reply ; 'you will get another companion livelier, more cheerful, and altogether an improve ment on me. And now, dear,' she added, 4 shall I ring for tea ?' 4 Yes, please, Violet ; I suppose to morrow evening I shall be having a soli tary meal here, ' was the mournful reply. JS cither ate much; botu were in a deep reverie. Maud was thinking of the lonely days in store for her. for she was an orphan, and her only relatives were living in the country. And what was Violet thinking of? Violet Leigh is ; again brooding over the past, and her facc grows dark as night as the past in all its mournful gloom rises before her. Tea was at last over, and the two girls i drew near the fire to have a last chat to gether, but neither eared to talk; both were silent and gloomy, and they soon separated for the night. 'Goodnight, Maud/ Violet said, ten derly embracing her companion ; ' plea sant dreams and sweet repose/ and then she glided quickly to her room. Kcxt day Violet Leigh had gone from Granville House for ever, and tho train that steamed slowly into Slatbam station bore her oncc more to the sccnc of her childhold. What sad memories tbo once familiar place recalled I There was the pretty, old-fashioned church in which she had worshipped, and here wa? 1hc school where she first learned to read. She walked up the village street with a slow lingering step, stopping often to gaze at some familiar object, and it was almost dark when she lifted the latch of her sis ter's little garden-gate. Ada Ellsworth was standing at her cottage-door when Violet opened the gate. Sbe looked at the stranger i'or one moment in surprise, and then, running forward with a cry of delight, tlic threw her arms roand her sister s neck, exclaiming — 4 My dear Violet, cun it b^ possible that this is really you ?' ' Yes, Ada, it is really myscSf, and not my ghost that you boiiold,' wsis Violet's reply as sbe returned her lister's em brace. ' You cannot tell how glad I am to see you, Violet; it seems a life-time since you went away, but why did not you let mc kuow you were coming — I would have met you at the station/ Ada Ellsworth baid, drawing her sister into tho pretty little parlor. 4 1 could not let you know, Ada, be cause I onl}' knew myself yesterday/ was the reply ; ' the truth of the matter is, I have left Miss Munro/ ' Oh, I am so glad/ her sister said cordially, 4 for now you arc here I shall keep you.' Just then her husband came in, and he gave his Mstcr-in-Jaw such a hearty wel come that f-hc felt at case dircctly. 4 So you have come back to us again, Violet,' he said after tea, \^licn they were gathered round the fire chatting. 4 Coma back to settle down and grow old like the rest of us r1 You are tired oE the world's tollies and long for a quiet, pcaccful life — ch, Violet y ' Yes, l'hil., I have come back, but not to settle down; yes, I am tired of tlio world's follies, but 1 do nut lung for a quiet lilu, for 1 do not cxpcct peace on tbis side the gr.-ive.' ? Violet, Violet, my child ! Phil. Ells worth said eagerly, 'you really must not give way to siieii gloomy thoughts, lor there is not only peace, but much happi ness iu store lor you.' Violet Leigh shook her head sadly, and her brother-in.law continued. * You must not judge the world by one man's deciel, Violet, you must turn your back on the past, and begin life al'resii. Surely you bave fretted enough, cannot you let the past lie ; must you make yourself miser* able, all your life becausc of one man's shortcoming ! Believe me, Violet, tbis is folly; you must not waste your life. Give up grieving, and rest in peace.' ' Peace !' Violet said in a tone of the bitterest contempt, ' where am I to find it, Phil Y there is no such thiug as peace for mc, nor do I deserve it, I have sinned and I must pay the pcnaltv. But why do vou pity me, Phil 't for I do not pity myself, but I hate, hate myself for being a weak infatuated child quite deserving of my fate.' ? Ada my dear sister, why are you cry ing ? Surely you arc not weeping for mc r sue saia, suaacaiy (mppuuuiK w catch a glimpse of her sister's tear- stained facc, 4 for am not I quite happy/ and she broke into a carolling song. 4 For/ she argued, 1 1 must appear happy, 1 must not make Ada miserable.' And she suc ceeded to such an extent that her sister dried her tears, and was oncc more her old cheerful self. Ah, Violet, though your sister could not see the bitterness of your heart ; yet there is One above, who saw it all, and was longing to comfort and console you, and draw you to Himself. (To be continued.) 