RELIGIOUS. 1 The last mail brings the report of tho com mittee appointed by the British Wesley an Con ference to inquire into the charges brought against the Weslejan missionaries in India and rmblished in the Methodist Times. The renort is thus summed up : — "Tbe Indian missionaries of our society are completely exonerated from all charges made or suggested against their character or the character of their work, whether in respect of their mode of living or of their relations with the native population, Christian and otherwise." Biahop Higgles has taken up his residence at bis nevr ho cue, "Minnesota," Johnson- street, Annandalc. A home for aged Catholic priests has been provided at Hyde under the guurdiauship ot the venerable Arcbpriest Sueehy. A new Roman Catholic Church is being erected at Broken-hill. " Weslejan 'sinters' — what next I" exclaims the Fretman'j Journal, The following students ot Maynootk College have been ordained by the Archbishop of Dublin for the Australian Catholic priesthood : —Priesthood ; Rovs. John Hegariy, Brisbane ; John English, Armidale ; Thomas Barry, Sand hurst. Deacousbip: Kev. John Hegarty, Bris bane. Snb-deaconahip : Hera. Edmund O'Reilly, Perth ; William O'Sullivan, Brisbane. The Australian . British- Isvaei Pioneer ("to brilliant prosperity and many added years") for August, edited by Edward Mine, has reached us. The magazine is to be published monthly, and not weekly, nsat flrat contemplated. Rev. G. Hay, Presbyterian minister, advises the formutiou'of a preachers' union in New South Wales, so as to ensure that all supplies to vacant charges be charged at the rate of £300 per annum. Minister.-, in his opiuion, have been holding their services far too cheaply aud have therefore ialleu in the estimation of the people. The death is uunounccd of Mr. Charles Kcid, an old Brisbane identity, who came out under Dr. Lang in 1349 in the ship Fortitude. In conjunction wiih Mr. R. Bourne, Dr. Hobba and the Rev. George Wight, Mr. Keid founded the first Congregational Church in Brisbane. Ho was also one of the first trustees of the church and the oldest member on the roll. A new Congregational Chnrcli has been opened at Bulimoa (Q.). The Anglican Bishop of Brisbane has just returned, from a month's, tour of the Mary borough, Gyiupie and Bundabcrg districts. Rev. J. Wilson (Primitive Methodist minister) and his family are passengers to Australia by the s.8. Oruim. At their last business meeting the members and friends of the Auburn Baptist Church, through the treasurer, presented Rev. J. Straugken, pastor of tho church, with a purse 1 of sovereigns. " Give well and live well and yon will be sure to die well," says Commissioner Coombs. Rev. J. G. Davies, recently junior minister . of the Brunswick Presbyterian Church, Vic., has been welcomed to tbe charge of Si. George's Geeloug. There arc nearly b0,000 blacks in Queens- , land, it is computed, some of whom are canal- i bais, and between 800,000 and 400,000 in West Australia untouched as yet by Christian civili zation. Rev. Silas Mead, LL.B., is to visit India in October as a deputation of the South Australian Baptist Miusionary Committee. Mr. Mead isays tbe local organ of the denomination) is beyond question the foremost spirit in the great enterprise of our Australasian foreign missions. Three years ago, says Rev. S. Chapman, of Melbonrne, Adelaide was the "Kettering" of Australasian Indian missions and Rev. Silas Mead tbe "John Foster," the man who held the ropes. The Sunday evening addresses for University students, initiated during Professor Drum- tnond's recent riBit, are likely to become per manent. On .Sunday last the address was given by Professor M'Callutn. Rev. F. J. Steward ia at present supplying the Lauiiceston Baptist Tabernacle pulpit. The' Baptist church at Wnkurua (S.A.) has bceu sold to the Bible Christians and the pro ceeds handed over to tuo denominational build ing fund. Mr, Daniel Matthews, director of the Maloga aboriginal station, was a passenger by the steamship Britannia and is accompanied by a young recruit in the person of dir. G. Smith. Mr. Matthews has been travelling for a year iu various parts of Great Britain, advocating the claims of his mission. The enterprise has uow been made widely known iu the mother coun try and mauj who knew nothing of the native race iu Australia are now awakened to their needs. One result of Mr. Matthews' visit was the formation of a committee for securing co operation aud help in Great Britain, and Mr. J. M'Donald, of Exeter-hall, Loudou, has under taken the duties of organising secretary. Several important changes iu the stationing of officers ol the Salvation Army have been gazetted. Brigadier Kilboy has been promoted to the Chief .Secretaryship, vice Coionul Pol- hud, who is shortly to be transferred from the Australian commission. Major Rolhweli, of the Leeds division, is to succeed Brigadier Ktlbey in the command of New South "Wale?. Colonel P.-rkor Una aho received his "walking : ticket," in all probability (says the MY»r Cry) , to take up an Important work in connection with the General's great social scheme to be launched at the close of the rear. The following studeuLs of Bt. John's College, YYaterford, have been promoted to the priest hood for service iu Australasia: — Rev. James Coffee, Dunediu; Revs. E. Mulcahy and Wil liam Doyle, Port AguatA ; Ruv. Johu Gibbons, Armidale ; Rev. J. Sv/inot and Rev. M. Hynes, Sale ; Rev. Johu O'Shca, YYilcannia. Miss Plested, the lady missionary, who is visiting the Baptist churches in Queensland iu tbo interest ot Zenana missions, has broken down in health. A good deal of missionary enthusiasm has been created in Congregational' circles in Vic toria by the visit of Captain ilore, of Ceutral Africa. The New South Wales Baptist says the Government which dnres to bring in a Sabbath Desecration Bill ought not to be allowed to live a week, and the power possessed by tho Christian Church i sufficient to expel them in leas time than that if thoy only realise their power autliciently to use it. Rev. John MTntyre, of Wagga, has declined the charge of the Albury Presbyterian Church. Referring to tbe newly-formed Methodist Sisterhood in connection with the Sydney Central Mission the Weekly Advocate says "The new Methodist Sisterhood differs in almost every way from those Romish organi sations which have caused Christendom to feel unmixed repugnance for their very name. The women who at inch themselves to Metho dist Sisterhoods will have no unnatural vows imposed upon them. We believe us little in women celibates a3 wo do in cehbateB of tho stumer sex. They will be under no life-long obligations to an Order. Their work will not be to mope in pious seclusion, or to protend to do no. They will bare no lack of Christian oc cupation. Instead oi wasting the precious years of curly womanhood iu sham devotion, or in a maudlin process of introspection, their hearts and energies will be engaged in the noble work of spiritual aud social reform. The New Zealand Baptists have agreed to work hnif of the Pubua district in India as a new missionary enterprise, and tho Tasinaninn Baptists the other half. Mr. aud Aire. St. Dniraae have bc-en appointed to superintend the New Zfralaud half of the wisriou. A scries of successful evangelistic services has been held in Ilobart uuder the auspices of tho Ministers' Association. A now Presbyterian Church is to be erected at Dean's Marsh, in the Geeloug (Vic.) district. At tho thirty-sixth anniversary of tbe Bruns wick (Vic.) Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evening the ministers of the church, Revs. A. Mac Yean and U\ Ilewitsou were each recipients of handsome gowns presented by the ladies of the congregation. About £150 was realised by the Catholic bazaar held at Coonamble last week. Rev, Samuel Chauiuan, of the Collins-street, Melbourne, BaptUt'Churcb, has coiumchcfed a winter series of Bible readings for. ladies. Twenty-lour addresses on separate aspects of the subject of Christina eervict! were delivered during the currency of tbe Christian Con ference in Melbourne this week. Ljrd iiopetouu attended divine service at the Toorak F--«abyteritui Church last Suu- dav uiorniug, when the Kev. A. Wallace Williamson, M. A., ot Si. Cuthbert's, Edinbuigh, occupied tho puipit for the first time. Rev. John Watson was Inducted puslor of tho new Presbyterian Church at Cooktowu (Q.) on August J. , Rev. Robert Hurley, M.A., has arranged to deliver a eeries of astronomical lectures in Pitt- street (Jougregational Church on his return from Brisbane. Mr. Russell, Government nstrouomer, ia expected to occupy tho chair on each occasion. Rev. T. Lloyd, who became a supernumerary _ c .1... C!.ti.rL A »! i«'. Ii«ti Wf C _ lll f ou account of failing health, h.;9 so much im proved that lie will iu all probability apply for a circuit agaiu next year. Figures are often turned to a tunny account. Tho Christian Colonist lias t&knn; tho trouble to learn ttiat oi lunatics in Now South Wales !u«t year 1 B01 were Ronmn Catholic, 2 IS were Presbyterians and lull were Wesleyars. . Rev. Dr. Simon, from Kiiiuburgb, in at present supplying the pulpit of Sto .v Memorial Congregational Church, Adelaide. Bishop Cowio has consented to present the diplomas to the new graduates of the New Zea land University ou August 24. Rev. Father Becker ha« been appointed u> succeed the late Dr. M'Douahl in the chargo of tho Maori mission north of Auckland. On June 24 the llishop of Ossory conferred orders on the following Htiuimus of All llallow College, IHuincomhu, County Dublin, who are proceeding to Australia Priesthood : Rev. John Gavigan, Melbourne ; Edward Kcatiuy. Melbourne; .James GaM'cv, .Sandhurst; Edward O'Reilly, I'oith; William O'Euliivan, Britsbano ; John Cusack, Melbourne; Patrick Coatelloe, Ballurat. Called to priesthood, but under age, and will l>e ordained after a feiV months Rove. Martin Moloney, Maitland ; James O'Gortnan, Sydney ; Edward (or Ed? xnutid) Rohan, Sydney ; William Hyland, Christ Church, New Zealand j Thomas Quins, Melbourne. Stib- Deaconship : James Cooncy. Maitlaud; Patrick Banofh, Sydney ; Michael Smyth, Sandhurst; Michael Quinn, Maitland ; Richard Coliendor, Sydney ; Joseph Ahem, Sydney. Minor Orders t John Kenuy, Sydney ; Michael Malone, Sydney. Iter. T. Niebet, late of the Orange Presby terian Church, was welcomed to his new charge at Hawthorn (Vic.) at a conversazione, given ia the town-hall ou Monday evening. A stained glass wiudow, the gift of Mr. William Peterson, has been erected in the Collins-street (Melbourne) Congregational Church, in memory of tho Rev. A. M. Hender son. The Sovtftern (Catholic) Cross, Adelaide, occupies a phenomenal position amongst re ligious newspapers, tho profits declared for the past year amounting to over 60 per ceut. on tho capital invested. Rev. F. Hosting and Mr. R. Stuckey, J.P., have been elected to the vacant governorships of the Parkiu Congregational Trust aud Mission, Adelaide. Rev. J. Chapman, of Hamley Bridge( S.A.) has undertaken the pastorate .of the Kilkenny Congregational Church. Her. J. D. Ozantie has joined tbe Anglican Meianesian Mission on Norfolk Island. Rev. Dr. Hamilton, Moderator of the Pres bytery of Melbourne North, celebrates his jubilee this year. Rev. H. S. Mercer, M.A., speaking on the subject of " Tho Holy Spirit the Vital Energy in Service," at tbe Melbourne Christian Con ference on XncMiav, said be would like tb see the good old tira«;3 return when not only no one dared to speak in the churches without he was filled with tbe Spirit, bnt when men filled with the Holy Ghost were so common that they could bo obtained for the offices of deacons ana committeemen and for tho lesser positiona in the church. Men were rushing about after a Hp-iendid choir, a grand organ and ornamen tation, which were the devil's substitutes for tho Spirit. John Bright once told Mr. Gladstone that ho would be content to stako upon the Book ot Psalms, as it stauds, tbe great question whether there is or is not a Divine revelation. The latest idea, in Boston weddings is to have tbe pulpit draped to match the bride's costume. Mr. Gladstone makes it an absolute rale not to travel on.Snnaaya, A newspaper reporter, says Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, is. u far greater man than a duke in these days, and it is high time they recognised the importance of tbo press, and prayed God to sauctifv.its gigantic influence. Whitfield's famous tabernacle is to be rebuilt at a cost of £20,000. The pastor, Rev, Jackson Wray, contributes tbe full amount of his stipend while the work is in progress. Mr. Spurgcon has just renounced h!a claim to a fortune which bad been left him by aa admirer. The-testator it seems left some needy relatives and on the facts beiog pat before him Mr. Spurgcon waived all title to the property and gave the trustees power to deal with it for the benefit of the said relatives. . One result of this beneficence has been tbe receipt of numer ous applications from the "needy relatives" of persons who will«d sums of money to different institutions under Mr. Spurgeon's control years a?o, claiming to be treated in the same way Mr. Spurgeon, however, points out that where tnoaey is left to himself he is at perfect liberty to do with it as ho likes , but in the case of bequests to his college ana orphanage be has no potver to depart from the will of the testator- being only a trustee. 