Experience . Somo boys liko the maiden with ecucy bluo eyep, Or fancy tho girl with gold hair ; Somo chaps like tho lass of diminutive size, Or maid with a scholarly Blare ; Somo youths aro quite partial to tender young dears, Or bsautioa who weightily crash ; But inou aro convinced thio' tho knowledge ot years There'a nought liko tho girl with tbo cash. Rkoket for the good thing unsaid never equals after-mortificntion for tho supposed good thing that falla fiat. She : ' Miss Itodncy always looks well for ono who has so littlo to dress on.' Ho: ' Yes, she is rather thin.' Ellowly (consult ing hia watch) : ' Is yonr ' watch going, Brownly?' Brownly (despon dently) ; 'Going? It's gone.' ™ 'Will you marry mo, Ethel?' said tho youth; 'my family io all that ono oould wish for ? ' 'Then why do you want me?' IIackman: 'Is tho doctor at homo?' Bridget : ' Yes, sir ; he's out in tho back yard^ killing a ohicken.' Hackmau : ' Coll him in, 1'vo got bigger game.' Mrs. Adrasih : ' An' so yonr poor, tear husbanfc cea dot. Va3 'ho resignet?' Mrs. Iaaacs : 'Yah, ho vaa villinga to go. Ho said doro vas no moneys in der clodiug peeei neaa nowatays.' Mamma: 'Mamie, you mustn't read tho paper in tho twilight. You'll hurt your ' sight,' Mamio : 'Ijuatwantto finish this article.' Mamma: 'What is it about?' Mamio : ' Tho care of tho eyes.' ' Tina is whero we caat our cannon,' said tho polite attendant. 'How interesting!' said tho sweet girl; ' and whero do you blow your great gunB? I've heard a yachting friend of mine speak of that bo often.' 'What csu you do?' asked the editor. ' Well, I can't write, and I can't edit, ond I ain't got no literary judgment ; but if yer want a man that's all mueolo to blame for writin' libels, I'm the feller yer want see?' Servant (at sweot girl'u boudoir): 'Mr, Nicefoliow is in tho parlor, mitjH.' Sweet Girl (throwing down her novel) : ' Horrors ! And my hair is all down I Tell him lio'll have to wait a littlo, au I'm in tho kitchen helping mother.' Miss Rosebud: ' Ob, well, you muat not blarao her ; she is one of tho period.' Bron Ron: ' Period I She a girl of the period? Sho doeBn't know what a period ia. Why, sho never stops talking excopt with on ex olamation point.' 'And is that Liberty ?' asked the immi grant, pointing to the atatue aa tho vessol entered tho harbor, ' Yes,' Eaid the sailor, ' that is Liberty.' Thon givo mo death 1' cricd tho immigrant, and ho jumped over board. 'George,' sho said, after sho had promisod to bo his wife, ' please don't announoo our ~ engagement until next weok.' 'Why not, darling?' hoaaked,tonderly. ' Because I'm going to tho theatre with Henry on Fridav night.' ' I iiave hero a story, a sort of fiction, . founded on fact,' said the young man, de murely entering the sanctum. ' Wo are over-stooked with stories such as that;' observed tho editor, backways ; ' what wo want aro stories of fact, founded on fic tion.' Miss Rosertjd: 'Have you road1 How Men Propose,' Mies Paaseo?' Miss Passeo : ,4Ycb, What nonsensical trash it is 1 So improbable I' Rosobud : 'Improbablo? Oh, no 1 Why, every ono of the hundred and forty.aix proposals in that book Is per fectly real.' Elderly Pauty (to small boy) : ' Como, my littlo man, I gueas you'll let me have your seat?' Small Boy: 'Guess again.' Elderly Party : 'What 1 You won't give it up? Wouldn't you givo it up to your father it ho came in f' Small Bov : ' You jopt bet your life I would. I wouldn't rido with no ghost,' uome, general, ' eaid Miss Rosobud, ' tell us tho story of your achievements in thefiold. I do so lovo to hear you talk of ycuraelf.' 'And my reward?' asked tho veteran. 'A kiss,' roturncd tho girl. ' Well,' ojaoulatod the greon- eyed civilian, who was calling, ' that is a caso of giving a kiss for a blow.' In a recent grammar examination a olaas waa required to writo aeentoncooin aining a noun in tho objeotive case. Ono of tho boys wrote tho following sentence : ' Tha * oow does not liko to be lioked.' 'What- tv~ noun is thero in tho objeotivo case?' askcjjfiJ^ ?' the teaoher. ' Oow 1' Baid the boy. ' w janv. is'oow'intha objective ease?' the oow objeots to be lioked.' ' .Mrs. JovRg : ' Afy MJfTR. Smith, I d® hopo you will oonscnt to aiog^for us— wo Bhouldbo so delighted.' Miss Smith : '-Why, otcoureol will. I'm in good practice. Is* haven't the leaBt bit of a oold, and I've brought ' my musio with mo. 1 wilPoiug with thu greatest of ploasure.' Mrs. Jones (aside, to Mra. Biown): ' Well, if eho ain't the queer est girl I ever saw I Just think of it,' Barrister: 'Now, air, you havo stated under oath that this man had the appear anoe of a gontloman. Will you be good enough to toll- tho jury how a gentleman looks, in your estimation?' Witness: 'Well, er— a— gentleman looks— er— like — or — ' Barrister: 'I don't want any of your ors, eir ; and remember that you aro on oath. Can you seo anybody in this court room who looks liko ft- gentleman?' Wit ness (with sudden asperity) : 'I can if you'll stand out ot tho way. You're not trans parent,' For tho third timo little Tommy Figg had asked his father what was tho oauso of tho dcsqrt of Sahara. Finally, tbo old man laid down his paper and answered : ' I reokon it was -formed when .tlio Israelites lost thoir sand ; . and if you don't quit asking mo oa many questions, I'll eeo that your, mother puts, you to ^ .bed - boforo I. get homo here after,' ? ' Bnt/pawt liow can you boo her put - ? mo to bed i!-8hQ-:puls mo to bed before you gcthomc?^ And that quoatfanwauTouiiny'a-. . i laatr- forihot evcmng.v ? ? 1 - V' 098 