WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEk ILLUSIONS. SCIE-NCJ has done much to show that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than illusive fancies often resulting from physical derangement, and we may depend upon it that the explanation of many illusions that once were mysteries, is to be found in a study of the physiology of the nerves and of the mind. To thoroughly elucidate the subject of these illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the physiologist. One of the best known cases-deriving itsinterestfromthefact thlat thesubjectofthevisitationsin question him self narrates the facts-is that of Nicoli, a well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, who read an account of his case before the Derlin Academy of Sciences. We slhall gi~ve the aiccount in his own words. "Dunring the few latter months of the year 1790," says Nicolai, "I had experienced several melancholy incidents, which deeply affected me, particularly in September, from which time I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bledl twice a year, and this had been done once on the Oth of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the endl of the year 1790 . . . I had, in January and 'Lebruary of the year 1791, the addlitional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circ: . stances, which were followed on tile 2,.. of February by a most violect altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in tile morning in order to console me; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most power fully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about tlhedistance of ten steps, a form like tlhant of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It wnas but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. Tile phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restless sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. The phy sician ascribed thie vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. "At four in the afternoon, thle form whichll I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wnife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, lhow ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the fort of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanisoh entirely, tlough there were instances lwhen I beheld them with my eyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, tliey generally returned lwhen I opened myeyes. Thley all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of cairnation in the uncovered parts, as nwell as different colours and fashlions in their dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature; none of the figures appeared particilarly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and some present ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after thley had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; their speeches being uncommonly short and never of an unpleasant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, nwhose addresses tended to appease my grief,xAvl~hIJ?~jdt) LP speeches were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I was accosted by these consoling friends whlile I was engaged in comlpany, and not unfrequently lwhile real persons were speak ing to me. The consolatory addresses con sisted sometimes of abruplt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed." Such was Nicolai's account of the phantom-visitors wile addressed and con soled him in his domestic afiliction. It is interesting to pursue still further hiq accountof theirdisappearance. Thereader will recollect that Nticolai lhad neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days wme speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches slhould be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven o'clock in themorning, Nicolai informs us the operation was performed. " No person," he continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation my chamber was crowded with hIuman visions of all descriptions. This continued unin terruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion com menced. I then perceived tllat they began to smore more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fatde, and at seven o'clock they were entirely whlite. But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, hlowever, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as lihad generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in tle air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock tsle room nwas entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since thlat time," adds Nicolai, "I have felt twice or three times a sensation as if they were going to reappear, without, lhonever, actually seingg anytlling. The same sensation surprised me just before I drew up this account while I was examining some papers relative to these phenomena, which I had drawnn up in the year 1791." Such is a hlistorical account of wnhat may appear to the senses of a sane and reason able individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable togive one or two further examples of the pllhenomena in question. On tlle occasion of the fire which destroyed part of the Crystil Palace in the winter of 1896-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flates. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from lis cage and was presently seen oni the roof endeavour ing to save Ihimself by clutching in wild despair one of thile iron Ibeams Which the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched witih an intense curiosity, mingled wtih horror and sym pathy for tse supposed fate nwhichl awaited tie unfortunate monkey. What n-was the surprise of the spectalors of ain imminent tragedy to find that the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of cinvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of tilhe imagination, and when moved by the wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a struggling animal! Such an exampnle is of especial interest, because it proves to us thatt not one person alone, but a large number of spectators. may be deceived bIy an oblject imperfectly seen, and aided in the illusion by a vivid imaginatioun, into fancying all the idetails of a spectacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A singular ease lias been given os strict niedical autlority of a tlidy, who, nwslting from Penrhlyn to Falmouth--hler mind being occupied with the subject of drinking fountains-was certain she saw in the road a newly-erected fountain, bearing the in scription, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." As amatter of course she mentioned her interest in seeing such atn erection to thle daughters of the gentle man iwho nwas supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. Tlley assured her that no suchnell fountain was in existence; but convinced of the reality of her senses on the ground thalt "seeing is believing," lsie repaired to the spot where she had seen the fountain, only to find, Ihowever, a few scattered stones in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. Tile causes of these illusions are niot difficult to understand, since they in reality depend uion a slight derangement of the powers llereby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make our meaning clear, let us briefly consider what takes place in ordinarysensation, when we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an inpressionof that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of sightwhichl leads from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the sense of sight. We in reality do not see with the eye. That organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focus, and other wise adjust rays of light streaming from the objects we see. The function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlat ing tlhe conditions necessary for the pro duction of an impression. "This impression is carried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation--thatof sight. We thus truly see not with the eye, but witl the brain, or rather wtcith that portion of the brain which lies it direct relation with the nerres of sight. The eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; but the irain corresponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of thie sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be ex pressed-namely, thalnt in the brain and not m the mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knowledlge. The ear modi ties waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hearing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the sand. Tile impression of touch is duly conveyed to the birain as before, there to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that tile brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. 'Whlen we are conscious of look ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we call an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritalle object. So also, wheln we hear a tune played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called "subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations. sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day- dreamer can some times bring tile scenes in which he Ihas once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze,that hIis reverie may actuallybe bIroklen by the words which unconsciously flow from hIis lips as his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faiint imita tion of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been oljectively present with us. In the dream tlhs power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of conscionsness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproduc ing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous combinations we are familiar with in the "land of Nod." And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of*science, the explanation of the otherwise curious antd mnysterious sub ject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain Ilas the grdi nary power of forming images which may be projected outwards in thIe form of the fancies of every-day life. Buit these pro jected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite conditions. When we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internalor sub jective one. When we see flalshes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we Ihappen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in tihe same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. Tihe images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are subjective sensations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the im pressions of sight had the objects in ques iru5l)blbt'?55r tfltiufts aitdfirence tE bodily condition and to memoryitself. Primarily, it will be found that illusive visions appear only when thie Iealth of the subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. The de rangement of the hIealth is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom he knew. Such visions then may lie supposed to simply represent the effects of very recent imageswhich hIad been received and stored in thie brain, ond which were evolved by the exercise of un conscious memory. Of the d'ceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made--memory again re producing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, ithe forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must hIave seen at some time, but whom Ihe could not remember; mys terious reproductions, by the brait, of events which hIad been impressed thereon, butt which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even thie characters lwhom Nicolai may have simply hIeard described, could be thus produced, and present apparently the images of persons with whom he was not, as a matter of con scious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words, registers and remembers more thes memory can evolve; and it is reason a lie to conceive that forgotten images of tlhings or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that only after a lontg p eriod of visitation from his fantastic riends did Nicolai begin to hIear them speak. Thus, tihe sense of hearing had also come in time to lend its aid in propa gating the illusions; and the fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the un conscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the conm fort and consolation of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their host is proved by their dis appearance on the resumption of the custo mary blood-letting and thie improvement of the hIealth--an additional fact showinng the relation of the healthy body to thie sound mind. All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as tie creatures of an imagina tion which, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visionsi forward on the seats of sense, as tile "ringing" in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduc tion of the present memory, and tle un-f known vision is the reproduction of i forgotten figure which has nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of tle memory-chambhcr. Science may thus-as we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers -dispel the illusion by its free explana tion; and science has no higher function or nobler use than whens, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from thel domain of tile mysterious and brought within the sphere of ordinary lknowledge. 