That Reminds Me. j "I remember a mass of a things."-SHAKSPEBE. Mr. George Bignold, so someone has announced, intends to revive the " Corsican Brothers " at Her Majesty's Theatre. This reminds me of what is called an unrehearsed effect at a certain perform ance of the "Corsican Brothers." The performance was in a theatre in Auckland, New Zealand, now, like the moa, extinct. A Mr. Charles O'Brien was playing the dual part of the brothers. Mr. O'Brien's acting, like that of the late Mr. Crummies, was of the "bricks and mortar," or " heavy and ponderous school." And superadded to this Mr. O'Brien had an Irish accent of such oleagi nous thickness that it might have been cut up with a carving knife, and handed round on plat es. Mr. O'Brien revelled in the part of the Franchi, which was more than his audience did in his performance of it, for when he strode to the footlights, and rolled out the Avords, " I am a Car-r-rsican," one of that audience replied from the stalls, " You lie-you're a Fenian." But that it was related by a Melbourne paper that story of the whale which raced an ocean going steamer for nearly 1000 miles, swallowed casks thrown overboard by tho passengers, and scratched itself against tho propeller, would be regarded as a work of fiction similar to one of which it reminds me, and which was pub lished by the COBK CONSTITUTION very many yeats past, when the announcement was made that the great sea serpent had been Been by some of the officers and crew of one of her Majesty's frigrates, The Medusa, I think. There is a cluster of rocks near the lighthouse at the outer entrance, as it may bo called, to Cork Harbor. That cluster of rocks is namedThe Cow and Calf." One morning the CORK CONSTITUTION contained a paragraph stating that the men in the lighthouse ihad had an excellent view of the great sea serpent, which on the previous day had been scratching itself for several hours against the Cow and Calf, and had scratched itself to such purpose that many of its scales had been detached, had been washed ashore, and were retained for exhibition at tho lighthouse. An excursion steamer, commanded, I be lieve, by a pleasant little gentleman who afterwards went to Australia and finally settled in Brisbane, went down to the lighthouse crowded with passengers, who were much annoyed when they heard that the lighthouse men had seen no sea serpent, and had picked up no scales. I do not tell this story in order to induce the Mel bourne papers to produce a bit of that whale as ; evidence, for as I expect honest people to believe all I write I am always prepared to believe any thing I read. In a recent number of ,the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL I read how some clever gentleman had succeeded in making the hair grow again on a horse, from which an attack of fever had removed the hair. That gentleman was clever and kind, but, to my mind, foolish. A hairless horse I have long looked upon as second only to a good annuity regularly paid. I remember " the hairless horse," the horse that came from somewhere up Queensland way, and I shall never forget the admiringly appreciative manner in which he was addressed by a visitor one day.. The visitor was a theatrical manasrer, nearly worried to death by a defective treasury and an importu nate company. And the manager said to tie horse, "You are the kind of com pany I want. You don't chuck tip a part because you think its not good enough for you. You don't when you get a good part neglect to study it, and then trust to winging it until you are goosed. You don't go for a picnic with a bank manager and keep the orchestra playing an overture five times over. You don't get drunk and compel me to suddenly change the play consequent upon the unexpected illness of Mr. Blank. You don't bother about the ghost walk inp;. All you want ia some oats (this was in New Zealand), and some hay and some water, with a carrot and some greenstuff now and again. Oh, how I wish I had you for a company." The notices of new books in tho papers lately show me that quite a number of ladies and gentle men in Australia are engaged at their own ex pense in writing poetry. This kind of thing in variably reminds me of some early experiences with poets. One experience was with a friend at school who fancied he was a poet, and made what, he considered a fair start on an epic poem with the bne, " On a grassy bank I lay flat along." The worst of it was that having made so fair a start he never got any further, but in a poetical sense has been laying flat along on a grassy bank ever since. Another experience was with a schoolmaster in Dunman way, which, as eveiybody knows, is in the west of the county of Cork. A friend of mine got married, and a schoolmaster wrote and forwarded to him what both parties thought at first was a perfectly exquisite epithalamium. My friend in his early joy sent the poet ¿85. The poem, in describing the bride, compared her to a deceased historical personage in the following lines : And, like the famed Jane Shore, Of ancient yore, On the poor expended All her atore To the nighest generation. Unfortunately, some months after the honey moon, some misei able pedant caused my friend and his wife to inquire into the exact character of Jane Shore, as depicted by historians, and as a reBult my friend, who could not get his £5 back, gave the poet such a thrashing with a blackthorn stick that he resolved never to write verses again. Indeed, as a Cockney servant of a visitor, who saw the poet after the beating, said : " His owls was like horgans." 