THE BOY POLITICIAN AND HIS KAISER CHAMPION. (To the Editor of the ls'cning PTenny Post.) Sm,-Mr. Afflcek having availed hin self of your columns to expose what he calls a " bowling out of the restrictionist Age," I must ask you in fair play to insert my answer, as appearingoin the Ago of to-morrow and appended hereto. Y?outrs faithfully, JOHN GALE. Queanbeyan, 13th May, 1800. Knaiser Wilhelm, of Gundaroo, appears to have been terribly angered at a paragraph which recently appeared in thoese columns stating that Mr. Caulfield, a recent professed convert from protection to freetrade, had told the writer that he regarded the freotraders of Now South Wales as only protleotionists under a misnomer, and that he considered Mr. N. B. Dawning, their candidato for the Queanbeyan eeat, had not the gho?ot of a chance of election, as his colour would hill him. Of course, the falsity of such a etatoment made in the columns of a paper sup porting the cause of whit our junior contem porary the other day generously spoke of as a Youa're-a-liar party" was self-evident. As freotradere never tell lies or call their opponents liard-well, "hardly ovah "-so, of course pro tc'ionists never tell the truth. Nobody knows that betteor than the Kaiser of Gundaroo, nobody could easier demonstrate the fact than he ; so he addressea himself to the accomplishing of this task. In our last issue a doeerved rebuke was administered to him because of his oeharcteristio elffrontery in seeking space in our columns under conditions which he know could not be complied with. In that letter we are told, and in no lees than three other newspapers, the public have since been informed, that Kaiser WVilhelm, on reading the paragraph in question, wrote at once to Mr. Puleford to cause a strict investiga tion as t. the truth or otherwise of the state. moants made; and got, firscat, Mr. Caulfield's direct denial of the allegation in these words: " I have only to say that the statements made are untrue, and I made no reference to Mr. Downing's colohe;" another letter in which the writer politely says:-" Gale stated to tlrr. Caulfield [the italics are ours] that Mr. Downing was running in the Orange ticket;" and yet another from Mr. Downing himself the phrase elegy of which is sufficiently peculiar to indicate the writer of the last-qquoted. Chester fieldian passage, which says--" The editor of the Age knows that I am not running in the Orange ticket." Now we are ready to admit that Kaiser Wilhelm Is right for once in his conjecture as to the authorship of the paragraph which has had the effect on him that is usually productd by the flaunting of a red rag in the face of a bull. It was Mr. John Gale who wrote the paragraph. And now what have we btfore use Mr. Gale's statement and Mr Caullield's denial. VWe do not ask Kaiser Wilhelm whom to believe; but we know whom the general'publio will believe, especially when we state that Mr. Gale is prepared to make the following statement on oeth : I met Ir. Caulfld lel i ing.street. He asked oe why If withdrew from the Monaro election, and I gave loid my reason. Our conversation tho turned on the proabillties or otherwise of al early dissolution of Pareliamenot. He asked coe, amongst other questions, what chance Mtr. Downing'had of winning the Queanboyan seot. I told him hoe had not the ghost of chance. He saoid he concurred with mee lt on hisefiscal vios bht bcoase he ase biddinog for the Oramge vote. Ssaid : By the by, Caulelold, yo hasve lately becom a freotroder. He said: Yes, oand I am a thorough an? Olcosisteot one. I would sweep away the Custohoe lts ogether. Sat not hell-and-half like the bulk of our party ; ani the other night aot one of our meetings 1 told them o was the only consistent froetrader oaongsl them ; that they wore only protectionists under the guise of freetrado. Nolw, in the face of thise cstaotementl, which Mr. Gae, as we hove bsaid, is prepared to verify on oath, and th e accuracy of which is confirmed by the fact that he can produce gentlemen who are ready to prove that he repeated the substance of this conveorsation to several members of Parliament in the course of the same afternoon, where is Kaiser Wilhelm in his voaunt of "howling out the 'roestrioctionist Ago' " ? Who isc it that has occasion-to use the Kaiser's own elegant phrase-to " wince" P and who is it that is responsible for the revival and fanning of the sectarian flme ?i Mr. Gale studiously avoided using, until now, the overy words of Mr. OCoaulfield, and while ohronieling a statement made by one public man to another of anotrher, and therefore of interest to the public, did o itn the most delicate manner possible-used words, in fact, which were ambiguous. The charge of hindling the sectarian fltme loe not at hic door, but at theirs who, with lees of disocretion than candour, first lot the ecat out of the bag. It is a pity that oandour was so evanescent. We ssert, notwithstanding Kaiser Wilhelm's boast, that Mr. Caulfield introduced the element of seetarian strife; and that the Kaiser, in his inordinate desire to appear in print as widely as possible, did his beet to spread the flame far and wide by the insertion of his mischievous and ill. natured seribbling in every newspaper to which he could gain access, instead of pursuing the fair and sufficient course of answering Mr. Gale's letter in the columns in which alone it appeared, and to which ho was of ooursr, under the oircumstances, entitled to, and would have had access. 