136\\*clist. TflE HAUMiED HUSBAND; ' ' ?. OB, ' lady Chctwyud's- Spectre. ... By Mjts. Hahsiet Lev.'is. ; ' ? : ' ? GH4PXER XIII.— (Cosiisued.) j \- &glO; w the door o£ the bath-room \- 5p«rea$8Hddenly, and a slender, white* robed figure stole swiftly into the ball, as if * - - pursued, and glided like a beam of light : Along tbe bail to the rear intersecting corridor.- it* was 2cra:cs!. .Monk' flew alter her xn bis list shippers as silently as she.r She ran fleetly down the long hall and ? turned aside into the corridor. Monk behind 'her.. ' ?.They, bad scatcely passed beyond tbe ? great hall when Lord Chetwynd opened the door of. the bath-room, and. came out in wild pursuit. ButBeraice and Monk were both beyond the range of his Vision. The seeming spectre was flying along the dim .' corridor toward an unused portion of. the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another ball, from which * a flight of stairs asccnded, and tfent up the stain with 'still rapidity. Monk came v^- swiftly a little way behind her. She roust Tiave been conscious of the pursuit, but' still | fifce d»4 nut cast a backward look ovef her i '*'? aboslder. *Up one flight, then anothe^ : and Bernice had gained a region of unusea j attics in the. more ancient portion of thp 4 dwelling. ?'* . - . ' I 'She Tanracross a dim passage into a little, ] bare and empty room, lit up by the 'moon- j light that streamed. in at the dormer win- | . dows.'. She had ran into a trap, and seemed ? ? to- -realises the fact, .for she' j-ari» about the ! loom, wildly, and then retreated to; a ? - .* farther ..corner, uttering a law, -strange cry, a&4 covering her face with her bands. ?- !' Monk entered the room, a&d; -closed -the v ? door. . Bernief? in her . moonlit confer, panted and trembled. Monk pushlft th/e boltiome In. its socket, and approached ber# ^ „ ' Bernice i' he said, aofsly. * ' \- -r- The girl started, with -a'' riifgirig cryt*. and looked up 'at Mfn with diBtended ? eyes. » 'Gilbert!' she ejaculated. 'I— I thought it was Boy.' . : . ' No, it bT.-* I heard from jMrs. .Crowl ?that you -had sthipgely 'disappjarefl^from I Mawr Cs8tler and 1 knew*yqa vro^ld. coine ! here. - 1 arrfwd myself only to-nf^hi. 41 VVlth Rojir^'.O.b, how be is changed, j GUbert-1 ily-.jfaor darlingl .How- \gtave and stern be bas.gro »n 3 And -ho v/ his- soul _ leaped out-it wu-from his cyes J-«.He^s looking fefcafe now. Ifar^.l '-is be coming' tbis way?' . ' , '? #*Kq, Bernic?,; These *room». have n^l been uj&d;' In*;. years. lie r will not find* yott.' . : * '' ? „^- ** I must go io Ijim,' cried the g-r7, fcafc aweet, impetuous voice. '''Now— now—' . - this minute 1 I knew you were at the Talk,', and I (rent to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there. I?; lease .me from my * oatb. I most go 'to my husband.' ' Bcrnice, listen to me. I have soq)cthin^ . to say to yoa first—',' . . . - 44 Not a word. WIiyt he's .looking for me sow;* Hetbinkh-me a gUost^. Jn-jleaac mc , from my oatb. Iviui/iia to him. ' Is he calling? Let rao'goj tjilbcrt. In God's name, let me go to my husband 'Not yet, Bcrnice— not nn't«l you lUtcn ' to wUfltl hare to eay/' taid -Ionk, firmly. f'Cbetwynd thinks yo« a specttc, tu you He will go back to 'bis. room pr-&eutly.; There's time eoocr&b; ? but yoa must If.sfcn to ? me.H \- '?Thejispeak quickly. JIow can I wait ? He thinks me dead— bo wants me—' * M How do you know that be wants you T' asked Monk, In crisp, bard tones, ~ . Bernlce scarcely seemed to understand. . Monk repeated the quisiion. i '^owdol know? Why, becstisc 1 want ; him. - Oh, Ilovo bim s^»! I muat go to Uim. : Eelease me £rora my ©'itb, Gilbert— ' 4 j ' Ilear ae lint, i^ruic.-, 1 ha*o thought 1 yoa tbe bravest, thenobi^t, tl»c gener ous of women, but you are »c'fi*h 1 1 1; *; the rest. You are not eapaty*.ot 'selfiiacrK , What soIf-Bacrifl*??' asked the girl, in a ? ; Aarp wb^pcr. ' Are you capible of a sublime Kelf'abnp. potion! '' demaudtd Mo?tk, bis MacK cyena!| ? Aflame. 'Can you immolate on the ' 'altar of rourhu*baiidXhftlT'fm-s' I Imve , thought that there »vt« In rotf tUt tlafl of wblcn martyr* ar/! mri'ltf'; buJ, Ab ! yon nto i like all thp rest, ro/«rdJul only of yourown '' petty love. And yet tln-re botre been wcnien what bare saciiflced tbcwtelfiS toe tlfcir fotubflnds— ' ' Gilbert, what do ycu rarnn !' cri«l \- ' Pemkfr btr take mxlng utmrjily on tlm ? -jm- air#' ' M What yw 'U;t act bc&rte; falling , vtoto ibc trance -n wbieii yon rem consigned '.to ytfut tomb asked Monk, in ft ctern ? J -TOlCC,.:. .? * . BfirnleflTscfirocd About to ansiwtr, but paused! (fcAthly white. / ''Vou r.juembcrf -Vourlast act was to . .. ,'€laip'tbe handi. of Chctywnd and SyMtv ' ? Jtfopk (og-?t!jer, * And ? what your last words?' , v , ... , fl .. . . ' \ . j. yo answer came from the girl's white , -0be beg«n to , . those two who had! been so terii1-l- ? parted, j And thry were gJryl yoa pure them back to , cach other. After consiKr.tng you to U.o ! burial vault,' Cb*jtwy:jd- returned home and ba-i a private interview with Sylvia; fn that interview a'lj was made straijrht be twc.cn' them. Ch^twynd tboughMt -^ft to spend the year o£ his mourning abroan, and bo went. He woulu not expose his future wife to malicious comment. lie returned to^ dny. This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed. 'ilieir former engagement. Your day ig-past — it is another's now 1 Your plice is flUed. Yon nje not wanted here. The revelation tbat?you liv-e will only, bring dismay and honor J Bernice, from ray soul I pity you I Sly heart bleeds for you 1' The girl drooped silently on her knees in tbe*'wide stream of moonlight/ and bowed .her head low on her breast. . ' There have 'been women,' Bald Monk,; after, a' long silence,* ' so self-abnegating1 that upon stich a return to life they would go nvray in silrpcel without revealing tho blasting secret of their continued life. Are there sacli- women now ; ? There, was a long and terrible pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for bcr response, but be had' long to ;walt.' At last her low ^hd broken voice cot sharply through , the stillness, with the words : 14 I-ut I amhia.wife, yon knowi .We said, 1 until death do us part t' hnd I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriago, While I live, would be'lliegal.' ' j ' . 1 . ' ^Tot so, -Death', annuls all tics.' ; You seemed to die, andj were buried.- Yon are supposed to be dead— you are dead, in the eyes of the latv,'- eaid the villain, with an j air of reluctitnt sincerity. 'If you were to I rf appenr,. it# in possible that your marriage cercmony might have-to be- perfonncd again ro; make you Chetwycd's wjfe\ I-rcpeat, j flint in'tlic eyes of jthe law, you are dead. , Clietwynd'a eecondimarrlago wonld .be legal I and valid.' ;! . » I . The 'girl, bronght np in a far island of the sea, ki:o-.vhi-r nothing about law, profoundly isnorant upon many 'Ijoints on which an 'English'sciinol-girHs -n-rll infoimed, Imring implicit reliance upon and faith' in the man who bad rescued lerfrc-m the touib,b&licved; him j- I will go a war,' she* said, in a voice so strange that Monk liardiy rocogni?ed it. 4| I am OwSVi in the eyesjof tl-e law.* It will he no'criroe for them to( marry. I heard h;m call her his ' proaiised Trife I saw him ?kiss her. They shall bdliappy^ I- love him so well.thac I will die efnti fonhis sake I' . 41 And yon wii'l go b.Tck to Mawr Castle.?' The firl nodded dumbly.^ . 'I'll find Flack. ',JIe 'shall bireacarriaso, at^d drive you to s^mc station beyond East bourne. It would not be well for you to be s-ien even in E.istbourne. ? Tlack will ac .compan- yon back to the castlc. You have done a ?rand, and noble thing in giv ing up Roy, Bernicci I a^ltniro you for your sublime self-Eacriilce. Twill, make yonr future my charge. I will he/your brother, will watch over yop, and try to make yon hnw-y. Wait here. Berniee, while I go to find Flack and send bim for the car riage. I will return and see you safely out and'on your -way with him.' . . * Bernicc again noddedlnssent, and he went out. leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. He made his way1 down to the edge of the park, -and readily found .Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of the trees. Monk communicated Ibe focfc'of his success, and sent his ally to^ the little inn at Chet* wrnd-hj Sea for the required carriage. Having s^cn 'him depart, fully, instructed. Monk stole back again into thc-bouse. All was still now in rooors and corridors. He crept along the dim passages, and ascended the Stairs to the attics. ? Ho entered the i little room in which be had left Bernicc. | She was not there ! 'He stood as if trans- ' fixed.,..- {' ? i . What bad happened ? Hid she been dis covercdf Ilal she repented her self-sacrU fie?.?-' ?. . j - ? ? ? ! His wild eyrsdcte.cied the gleam of paper on the floor in.t!ie broad ihsen of the moon- ? lfglit. He houndrd tpwahl it^iud picked it ! up. It was a leaf from Bcrnice's-note book, | and there was writing ori it. He struck a ' f Usee, aad read the irfegularlV scrawlei wpnls. Thfty bad been written by Bernicc, | ?and weie as follows: | * ? 1 . GitUEiiT : I have given him up, I shall I ft-spect my oath not to reveal my identity ; ba^T cannot Ifave hiiri yrt. -One more look , at 'his dear face— to- heaT his voice again— ' to'sse Llm'slecpirif; — surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any- 1 one.- Bo not search for ra-v I may co back .to Jfawr Castla ?n time— not now/ My only , %boughtnow h that he ishcreand I must be ! ?near hin^ myself unspen/' ?- That., was- all. Monk sought for her' through all the hours of that night. lie listened at Chetwvnd's dcor ; he was in an 1 agony :.of: unrest aud forebedine.^ for his B2Arc^',ra® He did not find herl : . v'qhaptkr xiv. ' A REALITY VXpESl 7UE BZBUIXQ. . ; Upon the morning Jifter the double ap pearance of the 'spectro f/ of Lady Chet wynd at Cliitwynd Taik, the family met at the breakfast table at the Wsual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid fac?, of having pa*s$da sleepless and anxious night. ' The young marquis bad b'-cii so absorbed in 'thoughts of Bernice throughout tbe night to have quite for gotten bis second betrothal, to Miss !dnnk. ? ? ' liut-Sylrfa, as may be sapposcd, bad not fyrgvtttn.it. There was ji tenderness In ber irjanncr, a soft reliance upon bim, a loving d':ft;renc-\ that recalled to Lord Chetwynd 'tli*.fA(:t. that atic wns h*3 betrothed wife. Ilis face, .However, did not brlghteu at the reme mbrance, and the haggard look in his bltfo oy-s eveu dce)-encd. He was Btracgcly feiUnt.vhroughout the meal, although Sjlvla and Gi^bort Monk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. Alter briiaifast, Mi«s Mcnk look Lord Chct-vryn^'s arm with the air of one having a right to itS'SUppoTt, ajJd walked through the great hall to the' winter morning»room. ' Oh, Boy,' t»he atid, how happy T rtm 1 Your wif'.vond -«hit?ts« of Chflwyr.dTajI: J Life holds no joys L!;at can comjnru *.v ttk thrifir And, Uoy, don't think mo unmaid enly if I irp'dk to you regarding our betro thal,' As the poor rii'up'ndgnt, my life is a burden to ino. I It umjld be but fnlr and jrifct to wo that otrr ciii'igcment 'sliould be proclaimed at oner, My position will then ir: nw)cc!-:Ar, aud I siiaii not feel cam peUu'.l to seek other cheiter,' ! ClutwvnJ winy-id a little, no wonld j i haye pif fvrrod not tonnnouncj bin engage- : i mentof o-ar;lago B'j soou after Ms rrfnru . hotnr, but he: reluctantly r-c-pije«ccd to Mifs ; | MonitV d».»flre, *'l ktj.-w y/ u would (hirk as I. do/' said | KylM, in ft Ume of ic\tUfaction. '? I pre i »u»i-rd vpnn your awvt} t to my wishes, and I liavj already c iininuijieatnl the fuct of our l^i.'gvicir.cnt to Mil, HScwrr and to lUgce, : ! uVdi write n notej to La.ly Welhy to day, ; Ittforming h«r aUo, and »ho will spread the 1 ruwb throughout Biwsii t, Lody Wt)by will co/n'j to h;y me at once. And, lloy, when she ! ffukH mo how » 'on we are to bo married; wbr.l shall I *oy to her J' ' Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly, ? . 'X do not know— i had not thought,' he imhl, I leave tho date of our ra'arrlngo to yon,' Sylria, Any date you may tlx upon will 1m agreeable to rpo,' 'Then lot wa t»7 ihlt day two RWfllht,' jald MUft Monk, Tlvflclously,' *'jtisnow -will do you'crcdit^ Boy.e * I shall be gay and charming, and V.s' suraptudnslv dressed as Eugenie in the height of her . glory# Ahr that reminds, ms,' * and she eloped her jowtlled 'hands more tightly 'on tbe. Marqn»s*a arm, and regarded him with an cffeciatioo, of shyness and emV-arrassn;cnt, '? I would like to a'sume' ihy new rank and' position with suitable paraphernalia. Is notthata nice. long, suitable word ?f,and she forced a laugh. u I am already a pensionernpon your bounty, Boy— ' ' -fot so, Sylvia; Do not use an expression like that; You Uave* been a dear sister to mc, and have occupied an honored position in my household^ You have been no pen* sloner or dependent. It is my wish also tljat you have a suitable trousseau,' and be pighed heavily/ ' I will give ; you', a -.blank cheque to-day j and you ,'can^orderyour jewels, shawls, laces, and tne'rest, at your pleasure.' ? ' i ? . - 'Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitnde. She flung' her arms p.Tonnd his neck and kissed him.- He re turned the caress in a quiet, dispafsionate manner, that $fc another time would have angered he^ She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. ? '.Everything is going- on splendidly, Ba-/ gee,' she said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz.' ^ Chetwynd consents to -the immediate announcement 'of ourcngage ment j and'I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank . chcque to-day for my trousseau. He eannot retreat now. I am sure to bo Lady Chetwynd. Quit 'brooding over that mystery of tbe ghost for an hour, and help mc tb make out my lists fororders and shop ping. We. have time enough to study the mystery' nfte^wa^ds.'?,, Miss Monk sat down at her desk and w-rote an* affectionate note to her; 'friend, Lady Wdby, announcing' her engagement Qf marriage to lA)hl Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners^ and dressmakers, ordering a-magnlflcent trousseau. -She also wrote, to various business houses in London .for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chctwvnd -Tark for- her inspection, thus ordering jewels, *bawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went,down to luncheon, meeting the marquis. 'Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who ha-lbeeninvited lo remain.. It was evident' that* the .bailiff' had' not been informed of the new.relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only ah opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer bis' con gratulations. * v . After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner/ The intervening hours were actually spent by bim in an ex amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in'the hops of finding Btrnice. . . Kight found hira again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense of disappointment, half convinced that he bad been indeed'the vio tira of a freak. of a disordered, imagination. Y«;t he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with his eyes £xed with'intense expectancy upon tho doo£ of the bathroom, praying ,tliafc the 'illusion' might be repeated., - lie praycd.in vain; The fire burned low on*his hearth. The silence of midnight lay -like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longtd for. ? And at last, wearied and hopeless, be flung himself on. his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. He had been slumbering more 'than an hour, and his deepening breatbingsounded through the hashed room,* and tbe light burned low, and the embers' were %«ying on Kie hearth, when the. dcor of tho dressing-, room softly opened.' ond'Che ' spectre ' stole into tho room. No instinct warned hini: that Bernicc was near. The pu!ses of his 'heart stirred not as she stole through the dimness— like a ghost, indeed— to his side, and bent above hjm-in an agony of love and tenderness. Her Lissea fell like snow-flakes Softly on his hair, his face, bis hands, and he fe^t them not. He bad been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taking.her' recompense, . V My darlingM 0, my darling I' was tho mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. 11 Tbe new love will never worship you as the old love did. . Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Ob, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet-to Hve— -to know that regret for one is over/and that ono is no longer missed It is hard to see one's place filled— ?to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, auotber!s love mcst prized, I should have died in my trance. Oh. God I why did I not dieT' She bowed her head, and*tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young huBband.' And be who loved her better tbnn bis life lay there sleeping heavily, bearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of ber nearness to bim. Exhaustion fettered him as *a drug might have done, ? \- Bernice kissed his bandq -softly. She yearned over bim. And yet she dared not betray to him her prescnco, Her oa Unre- strained ber,* ' ? ' A little while she lingered, until he stirred' uneasily in bis sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into tho dressing room. ' 9ffc bad hidden in the attics all day. Sho was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since tbo previous day. She stood before the hearth in berdrcssing.room in an attitude of flight, barkening intently, and warming herself. There wns a silver *ray on the tabic, with a half bottle of wine and somo biscuits, which bad-beon broaglit up by the butler for Lord Chetwynd lato in tho evening, the butler having observed bow little' 'his lordship had eaten at tahlo since bis return heme. The little attention to the marquis stood B?rnice in good stead, ,Sha drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as eho grew warm and comfort able. Hut sho might not linger here. It waa timctugo. ^ Bhe h'a l worn a dark long cloak of water proof cl«»th on her journey frqm Walesj and it was hidden in an upper room now. She' had cheeen to lay it nhhlo during her mid night excursion, deeming it naft r, Jt sho weru met, to bo taken for a fpeetrc, Tho clonk war uot ; wnrm enough to jirotect her from thu chill of tho damp of tho amused rooms which she made her haunt, and sho stole n-nv to one of the wardrobes ami pulled nut a iowrr drawer In which -she had kept her shawls. Tho shawls wore there now n» .she had. left them. Her dresses hung liTtlie pr« M, and were folded on thu nholvcs, jirtt as JMItiu had arranged lhttu. fllte took out nil Indian rnshmeto shawl wl.ioh Ch' twynd had bought for her in London, and wrapped I It soft folds around her. Then tthu closed thti drawer aud crept to tlto dour and listened. Hot a touud was to to heard 'without* : Site opened tbo door And crept outJnlo tho Imll, stealing along In tho 4ji!ritK»s lik« a swift shadow. She crossed tho wide hall to place herself at greater dlstsnco from Cliot. wynd'iToomSrAnd so nnconsclously passed r,\r,n) to tlm doors of the suit occupied by U.ts Monk, ? ?lUbo passed tho droiBlng room and bed. chamber of her JSast Indian rival, her heart besting, It seemed to bur, llku a drum. ? As slie came ahrcnttlho door of MIai Monk's bstb-room, which ihad been ajar nil the evening, it silcptlropuned, and Use wllch; JiVoftgwo.cfoldllnipo crfptonMlko a ftoah, The . old 'woinan sprang upon her like a ] .panther, clutching her = shawl. Ben-ice lb;isencd Iier hold upon it and. flitted away i without it;' lite the white spectre sho seemed. ' | ' Slie iiuiTied into the branching corridor in a panic, but the old woman did not .pn'rsue her. Rngee clutched the ehawl tightly in her arms and ; hurried back into tJrc bath-room. No one had. been -aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed-chamber. Sylvia was 6it-ing~up in bed ? anxious ond expectant. ? . ! ? . .. u Well?' said .(he young ladyi impatiently. 'You have watched all the evening, Rsgee, depriving me of tny sleep, and what good have you gained by it?' i ~ . 'This 1' cried old Ragee, dashing the eShawl down upon tbe bed. 41 Do yoaJtnow that shawl? I have jnsfc 'seen the spectre ! It came out of the late Lady Chetwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed in white,' ?only it wore this shawl to protect itfrom tbe cold. It crossed tho hall. ? When it came alongside the bath-room I. darted out and grasped the ishawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre waa flesh and blood 1 the shawl proves that., I saw its face; it was white with terror ; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the face of Lady. Chetwynd 1 — the .face ofj'the., living mar chioneEsl It is as I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard ourscheming, and ontwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you I Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can* .not imagine. She has but to speak to send yoa and me -to prison. Oar safety, lies in prompt action. That pretended death must Le made a reality 1' j . ! CHAPTER pT. ' .« . THE XEW CELEBRITY, . ^ *We have now to relate the experiences of Mr. Tempest, the great explorer of-China and Tartary, wbp had been the travellings companion of Lord Chetwynd upon the re turn to England from Genoa. ? Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and! his explorations and discoveries had made a great sensation in the scientific world. Hej had sent books Jiomo to be; published under: ?t-a auspices of the Royal Geographical So ciety, and his name bad become in England I *a household wcrd. ?? j ' ' Gpnn the morning after; the departure of Lord- Chetwynd for Sussex— the morning j after Mr. 'Tempest had read in .the news- : paper of tK.\t disastvr at sea in which Mr. and Mrs. Gwellah had perithed — the great; explorer exhumed his manuscripts, diaries, and reports from his portmanteau, and j made his. way, to the headquarters of the Itoyal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flattering attentions.* Members-thronged around him to-shake hands with him. i Before be left the Socicty rooms he had received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would have declined them all. His heart was 6ore with the recent wound' inflicted by the notico of 'Bernice Gwcllan'sv death. He wanted to ' return quietly .whence bo had come, but bo many ' Fellows' of the B.G.S. combined to combat his resolves that he consented to remain a month. in England at the least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F.B.G.S.— ionc Sir Harry Fortescue —that very day, and an invitation, for the morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. i 'You look harassed, Tempest,' saicl Sir Harry Fortescue,' as at last he- walked out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, oh their way to tho baronet's club,, into which Tempest1 had . been per suaded to ' drop,' for an. hour. ' zou think we rhall run yon to death, but when the ladies— tbe mcst indefatigable lion hunters in the world— come ppon you, yon wili.bavc to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my deariir?'1 j . ?'Not of late years,' replied -Mr. Tempest. ' I don't _ like society » ;.iSir Harry. My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, have not fitted me to grace a lady's boudoir. I should like-to ask after a few whom I re member. As.yet I have made no inquiries. ,Wh»»re is young. Ijord Grafton ? nowa days ?'???'. ? ? j 'Dead. He died tcn^ears. since.' ' Indeed 1' said the explorer. ,^'fCan you' tell mo anything of 'too BigbrHonorable .Mrs. William Molyneux, a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ? ' Ho nsktd- thc .question! with seeming carelcrsnecs and indifference, his face averted, , ? ? i He might linve inquired, judging from bis ton£, after some chance- acquaintance of former times. But? his face had grown sud denly pale, his forehead, w-as. dewed with sweat, and his mouth quivered under his beard. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. 'I remember Mrs. Molyneus,' said 'Sir Harry. '4Who does not? She was, as yon eay, u great beauty. She bad some trouble with her husband, 1 believe. I never under* . Ftcod what the trouble was/but be deserted her. She went to one of the German baths fcr her health. She never recovered from .the blow .-o£ hpr huaband's desertion. She came home a wreck of her former self, aid buried herself somewhere in the country. Sbo lost her only ehild in its infancy, I have beard, and had few tics to bind her to life, ner's was a sad story.- She died seven years ago—' . ' Died ?' '. .. ' . ? 'Yea— of consumption, I think. Her death was in all tbo papers. Did yoa kn^w her well?' * . Mr. Tempest did not reply Immediately, nor did he show his face to his companion, who would have been startled at its singular pallor, and at the, strange expression of emotion that convulsed it. MI met her often in society,' tbo ex plorer said at Inst, as -tho' silence grew j j marked and oppressive. j 1 ' Here we are at my club, Mr. Tempest;' i said Sir Harry. . ' I am anxious to inftu- j I ducoyon to my friends. lVrhaps you may 1 really find some of your old acquaintances I among them.' . ; j I Tcmpeit ho*Uatcd.( His soul was pro- j ! foundly stirred by the news ho bad just ! I heard. Ho would havo given much to bo ! „lin to crrcp away to scmo friendly solitude I ! j'ist then, but ho cnnqucred bis long- j ing, aud with, an exoidse of his' almost Buperhumnn eelt cnntrol calmed his features and resumed Ids ordiuary manner. UoACuompanled Sir Ilarrylnto tho elub ; men of noto and rank were introduced to him, and hoffound his name and travels aliku well knojvn to Sir Harry's friends. Ho met na old aemmlntances, . ^ Ho dined that evening with Six Harry Fortcscnc, at ho had promlied. His heart was In mourning for Bornlco, whom ho bo llnrcd to be dead, and also in taonrnlng and torn by the pangs of self-reproach because -if Jlmt - Mrs, Molyneux whose story had been to sad, and who had died, so young. 'And yet what bgvo I to reproaoh my-, 'strlf'jfur?' ho anked himself, with angry dithnco. 'I did rlchtly. And poor Mar- guerlto Is dead I 1 Dled ocvon years ago,* It Is as well,' A largo party hpd been, arranged to auccucd the dinner, rho.ladlos drove home j todre-s for tho Jargor evening entertain* I munt, Lady J^ortesona roiired to ber private Toom% anT Mr. Tempest adjourned with bis hostaud afcw -lndred loulito the library to spend tbo bbnri Intervening between the two entertAintfenti la congenial convcr. gtftlon. ' - J /'.r ; As tho hour grew late tbo dra«inD*roomi began to fill with gally»dreMcd people, and tbe boat; wttfracd with b(S fricndi to tho 4ceno . of brightneu attd - iplcndor. , ; Sir m In dtity ^ boand,jpi«»d ? WmieJI wit gleamed like a -polished sword blaac, cutting now and then to the 'bone. He was cynical e^ol, haughty, ^.reserved, and strangely enough, he ^was a ' social success. . . Lady F tcscue jrade a tour of her grand rooms ,*:i bis arm, introducing him to various {.»Jtes with a pretty air of pro prietorsUp, as if meaning to assert that the new lion was her own especial pro perty. . ' Do yon know, Mr. Tempest,' said her ladyship, smiling', ' that I am piqued atyour cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow bis haughty head to the yoke of an Eoglish woman? No? . You did not sus pect my designs ? Well, I have given you fair warning.' 'And who may tbis conqaering English woman be ?' ' She is Xady Diana Northwick^ You see her by. the window, surrounded by her adorers. She is an Iceberg — a human ice berg—a coquette. But is she not beautiful ? She is engaged to marry Lord. Tentamour, who now stands at bcr side, holding her bouquet. What , do yon think of her?!' - \ : ? Tempest glanced inthe direction indicated to him, and beheld at a distant window, snrrounded'by a charmed circle -of gentle men, a woman rarely beautiful— so beautiful that one having once seen her face could never forget it. She ^vas tall, regal, and statuesque, with & nobis and queenly carriage of ber , stately figure. Qec pure Greek face was superb in its royal haughtiness. The red lips were curled in a smile that was strangely fascinat ing arid winning. She was a blonde of the purest type, with a complexion like the fairest pearl. -'Her hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow, without a glint of red in its loxuriant masses. It was arranged in crepes, and puffs, and rolls, and curls/after the fashion of tbo day, but its/fahciful disorder could not. conceal the shape of her small,, noble head; which wa3 poised proudly upon her slender neck. She looked an empress, in her robe of pale blue velvet, wUh triait mings of point lace, and' ornaments, of diamonds. .- ? .'She is very beautiful,' said Tempest, Blowly. 'I can imagine a man falling, in love with her, bat you say she is a coquette? There is a disdain in ber banghty glance, as she looks around her at this moment. Is that a revelation of hicr inner nature?. Is she really above. all these coquetries?' 'The question shows tbat^bebas already cast her g'nmour over- you,' said Lady For tcscuc, bantcraigly. 'That is always the way. It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall. in love with Lady Di while you were the husbond of Bome, other .woman f Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. . Ab, X fancy you wince; Mr. Tem pest. Can it' be that there is a Mrs. -Tem- pest in the background all thp while ?'' Lady Fortcsque inquired,' smilingly. . . . _ 'No; I- should say that could riot be,' said the explorer, calmly. 'All the ties that once fettered me are broken. But I am no silly raotb to flutter around tbo flame of Lady Di's beauty, I candidly think that she is one of the most beautiful women I have overseen — perhaps the most beautiful ; but her's is the beauty of tbe glorious marble statue, not tbe beauty of a tender woman. Do men call her heartless ?' ' Yes, and rave about -her, and go mad aboat her beauty. She en joys her power, and that is why she has held her loytr, Lord Tentamour, so long at Arms' length. They will be married soon, I bear.'- ' Who is Lady North wick ?' asked Tem pest. * 'She is the wilow. of Sir Basil North wick» & rich bar-onct, who was sufficiently accommodating to die and leave her all his wealth. She must be nearly thirty yeara old.. Did you not tell me that yoa do 'not care for worhen? Yet see how long we hAve been . talking about the most brilliant co quette in London.! /Having excited your curiosity in regard to her, permit me to in troduce yon to her.' . ' Thanks,' said Tempest, bowing assent. 'I dare say you are tired- of me, Lady ForUscue, a&d; are willing to be rid of. me.' -v . They advanced towards the reigatng bells, who welcomed the lion of the evening with' a dazzling smile. Lady Foitescue presented the great explorer, -and then moved away. At the distance of a few paces she paused to speak to a guest/and her glances reverted to Lady Diana and Tempest.1 The Tartar traveller, was already deep in conversation with the polished coquette. ' Lady Di is sure to add Mr. Tempest to her list of lovers,' thought Mrs. Fortescue, with a thrill of disomy. He does . not understand a womanV wiles. She would like to win the homage of the new oelebrity. I fancy he is a widower. There was a Btrarige expression in his eyes when I spoke ola possible Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when 1 remember that look. I am persuaded that something start* ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. Ho will fall In love with -her and ho will not ge back 'to Tar tary next month. But wh^t will be the end?' ' ' . With another glance at the pair. Lady Fortcsque disappeared.— {To be Continued^ 