A Miser's Inheritance. i CHAPTER XXXV. — (Continued.) Tho man spoko once more-: , " Forgive mo for saying that I am glad that il- cara signor papa is fatigued to-night ; it has given me the delight of this walk alone with vou I vou [?] UlC 9Q GU1U IU lilt?, 9U UlOClVilU — you Englishwomen are so difficult to move- Yet now, in the darkness of this faint moonlight hour, it seems to me as if you were tenderer, more kind, and my hopes revive once again." Then suddenly Val.'s heart gave a wild throb, and every pulso within him leapt up madly and tumultuously, for she spoko, the cloaked silent woman in tho darkness — she spoke, and her voice was the voice of Madeline Abbott ! " You aro a flatterer, Prince !" At the very first broath from her lips ho would have known that voice amongst a thousand. Tho rich low tones, tho gently modulated accents, and then came the same soft little under-laugh which ho had so often listened to. " I do not believe half the pretty things you say to mc." " Ah ! Maddalena, how can you not bolievo? It is because you have been surrounded and worshipped by' so many ; that so many have adored you and told you that you are perfect, and you have listened unmoved, because you have never loved! If it not so? you never have loved ? " , " Never !" she murmured. Yal shivered. Ho was rooted to the spot, he did not dare to move, he would not have revealed himself, to her for an empire ; and yet ho was forced to remain and to hear what she said. "You have told me tms cften," continued the Italian Prince ; " ever since wo have been travelling together I have asked it of you many times if you have ever loved, and always you say 'never, never!' It is true, is it not ?" He asked it with a sort of hungry, fierceness — some men are greedily jealous of tho past of the women they love— her heart must be a white, unwritten page, or they will have none of it. Such a one was Prince Tornadi. " I have told you," she repeated, a little wearily, " I have never loved." And Val. heard it. "But I — I will teach you how to love 1" murmured the man, passion ately, " it is a lesson that all can learn, even the coldest ; and you, Maddalena, you shall be cold to all the world, but nob to me — not to me ! When I press my lips upon yours, the kisses that you sliall give me back shall be as hot and ardent as my own ! Ah 1 do not shrink away !" for in the darkness she seemed to draw herself suddenly back — " do not fear, I would not frighten my timid northern dove — never will I dare to touch your beautiful face until- you yourself say to mo, 'Paolo, I' love you.' But see here, Maddalena, we stand now with .heaven's, altar before us — here, in this holy place, I vow that I will make you my wife 1 Does a Tornudi ever break bis oath 1" ' The violence of his words did not seem to anger his companion; she stretched out her hand to him— though even to Val.'s maddqned, fti/rtviiiiijg eyes IU auuuiuu us> tuuugu did so with an effort. "I do. not love you yet, Prince," she said, with a trembling timidity ; " not yet. You see I am young — I do not understand love ; but I am grate ful, and perhaps in time — when our journey is over — perhaps Ah, give me time!" " All, yes, I understand you, I will wait ; but you will love me some day; I will speak of this no more for tho present ; and it is chilly here — the ghosts of all the dead Counts of Al bona seem to bo abroad in the old church to-night. My mother is de scended from that family; perhaps tho extinct oldX race of my ancestors is stirred in their tombs -by my presence. Come, Maddalena, it is cold here ; let 'Us go out in the moonlight and the air." They went out together by the Svestern door into the pale light beyond, and their footsteps died away faintly in the distance. .. Yal. stood very still ;' liis heart no longer beat and throbbed, it felt cold and hard. Presently all the echoes of the dim vaulted roof were startled into wildest agitation as a short, bitter laugh rang sharply up from the solitary man below and curled in eddying billows of sound amongst the arches and up to the pillars and the long row of clear story windows above. " Ha 1 ha ! " rang the human voice below, and "Ha! ha! ha!" echoed the ghostly voices above, till all the iiwdU! ui biviUvb Uiiiu iiiiii uy i viJ. iimub and monsters, of Jewish kings and Christian bishops, seemed to take up the mocking chorus ; again and again, peal after peal, wave after wave, each fainter than the last, until the last weird sound died away again far, far oft' into the distance of the gathering night. .And this woman three months ago was to have been his wife ! 12 short weeks since she had protested her love and her devotion to him — had told him, in liis turn, that she "had never loved," and that her virgin heart was entirely his own. And now she was telling the same tale over again to this other man — to this foreigner, who was infatuated by her beauty as he had been, and convinced of her purity even as ho had been convinced of it. Poor wretch ! poor deluded Prince Tornadi ! would he, too, some time find out this Circe? would ho one day he forced to drink the drogs of the cup of pain and humiliation which this queen amongst wicked women would hold out to him with her cruel and merciless hands ? He rose up and left the church, and went back to the hotel. There was a perfect rage of hatred and indignation within him ; he suffered intensely, but his suffering was of a more wholesome and manly nature, for it i3 better to bo deeply slashed once with sword-cuts than to be lacerated day and night by scourges of small cords, When he got back to the inn he met the padrona in the doorway. "Your omelette is just ready, signer — all is prepared for you— and his Excellenza Prince Tornadi has gono out for a walk with the bellisima signora, whilst the milord Anglais reposes himself in his private room ! " "Tell me," asked Val., with a sneer in his cold, hard voice, " is not your Prince Tornadi a rich man ? " " Si — signor ; lie is very rich." " Ah ! I thought so," lie answered, shortly — lie was beginning to see many tilings more clearly now. "And young and handsome, I suppose?" The padrona smiled doprecatingly ; tho maid Liza, standing behind, laughed outright, and ' shook her head, showing all her white, gleaming teeth. " No, no, I did not say so ! His Excellency is not to 1 say handsome, although his figure is a lino one — tall and slight. The Prince, too, is no longer a boy ; it could not bo expected at his age that he should be like an Apollo. He must bo now .48 or 49 years of age, but still he is a fine man, no doubt, though his face is sallow and his eyes — well, his eyes — they say they never did look straight 1 " Liza laughed loudly. " All, lie is hideous that one!" she exclaimed. "I would sooner have il mioBello Eeppo, the goat shepherd) than Prince Tornadi and all tliis money." So it was all as ciear as aayngnt. She was going to sell herself for money ; — the idol which sho worshipped ! No wonder that Val. had fancied that sho shrank away in disgust from the embraces of this elderly lover, with the sallow cheeks and the squinting eyes — whom Liza, the servant girl, would not, with all his wealth, exchange for hor handsome Beppo ! Val. ate his omelette, and then he packed his clothes, and turned his back that very night upon the town of Albona for ever. He would not have slept beneath the same roof as Madeline Abbott for anything this world could give liim. He drove qway in a shabby, rattling one-horse vehicle, which was. with some difficulty pro cured for him, down tho Steep, rough- paved street, under the quaint old gate-house, with its two towers and the broken red tiles at the top of them, over the three-arched bridge upon which he had so often leant and mused — and away through the flat, unending vineyards across the silent plains, until he reached the nearest railway station, 12 miles oft', where he cametoa most uncomfortable anchorage in a dirty station hotel for the re mainder of the night. The jingling wheels of his rickety carriage had some timo ago died away into tho silenceof the great plains below, when Madeline Abbott stood by her father's elbow, and awoke him out of a slight doze. "The Prince lia3 proposed 1" sho said to him, curtly. Colonel Abbott started up, " What, really ! — a bona fine pro posal, do you mean ? Are you quite sure of it ? There is no knowing what these foreigners aro up to. Some of them will mako hot love to girl for ages, and the last thing they think of .in connection with her is a wedding- ring." _ Prince Toi'nacli has asked - me to be his wife !" she repeated, coldly. "By Jove, I'm glad of it. Of course you have accepted liim— -jumped at him!" "Of course I have done nothing of the sort." .'.'.What!" "Don't be alarmed, papa," she answered, smiling. " I have certainly not been so stupid as to fly into my elderly suitor's arms — I understand men too well for that. You may do that with a boy, but an old man's ap- petit.e' must be kept keen. I have not accepted Prince Tornadi certainly, but I don't mean to let him out of my sight till I have done so." "Ah, you mean to keep your fish dangling ?" " Exactly so. You put it delight fully, dearest father." .Thoro was not much pretence kept up between the father and daughter nowadays ; their wants were becoming too keen to be wrapped up in pretty words as they used to be. " Well, take care he doesn't get off," grumbled the Colonel. " You have not been too successful of late, remember," " Was ( it my fault that Valentine Eyre chose to reduce himself to beg gary ? Poor Val !" she added, half to herself, with a sigh, and there was something that was almost a tear in her dark eyes, for after all Val. had touched her fancy, almost — had she possessed such a thing — her heart. " You would not have had me throw myself away upon love in a cottage, would you ?" " Certainly not, my dear ; that would not have suited the require ments of your, devoted father by any means. I only hope this foreigner has got the stuff all right, and that our information is correct about him." " I think there is no doubt of that, and by the time we have done our Italian wanderings I promise you that I shall be engaged to him fast enough." " I wish to goodness, then, you would pursue your ' Italian wander ings,' as you call them, in some more rational region than this. Why on earth can't we go to a decent place ? Monte Carlo, or somewhere like that ?" Mndelino laughed sarcastically. " My- dear papa, I really don't wish you to exhibit your little peculiarities to Prince Tornadi so early in the day. He might take fright, you know. " It's all very well for you," grumbled back her father, " you have, got your little game all cut out for you wherever you go, and a very ox- citing game too, I make no doubt. But what the diekens is the sport for me in a place like this ! No table d'hote, no billiard-room, no public gardens, not even a shop window to flatten one's nose against." " Well, I must candidly own," ad mitted Madeline, with a laugh, "that Albona is not a very fascinating spot ; it is no doubt dull as ditch water, but Tornadi bad been hero as a boy ; his mother is descended from the Counts of Albona, and lie scorned sentimen tally anxious to see the place again. I thought it as well to humor him. After all it is only -for one night, and to- morrow, no doubt, wo shall move on to a more lively place. There cannot bo two Albonas in the world, thank heaven 1 When we get to Venice no doubt you will find somebody with more money than brains to take a hand at ccarte with you." " I hope x snftn, tor x am getting awfully hard up. Yov must get him to pay all the bill here again ; toll him my ' remittances ' — that is the right word, I think — have not yet arrived from England. If he will kindly pay this time I shall settle up with him afterwards — something of that kind, you know." " Oh ! yes, he will pay fast enough ; don't trouble yourself about that ; Tornadi is a grand signeur ; he spends his money like a very prince." " A good quality in a husband; my dear. He needs a .few to counteract his yellow face and his squint, eh, Madeline?" She turned away wicn a gesture of disgust. "Bah i' the mans tace gives me she creeps !" continued tho handsome Colonel, with a shiver. " I can hardly bear to look the man in the face some times !" " I don't warn; an xxaonis tor a mis- band i" said Madeline. " Well, you won't gee one. How ever, you liave looks enough for two ; as long as it isn't catching to live with a squint eye " " Don't, papa 1" sue crieu, quite sharply.' Why would. ho harp for ever upon tho revolting details of the Prince's personal appearance | She ' shuddered herself when she dwelt upon that subject. A vision of Val. in his strong young beauty, with his broad, well-built frame, and his frank, handsome features, and his violet-liued eyes, that were wont to melt into such lovely tenderness as they rested upon lier own, flashed light ning-like through her memory. Oh ! Val. I Val. ! lost to her for ever and ever 1 Hot stinging tears surged up into the wretched woman's eyes, as all that she had flung away for the greed of gold, and for the love of Mammon, came back suddenly before her. But she crushed the bitter feeling down within hor with an iron hand. Better feeling3 lasted but for a very short time with Madeline Abbott ; the ruling passion of her life was hardly ever driven, even for a few brief moments, from its stronghold. Val. and his beauty, and his pure, steadfast love, shrank away into the coldness of the irredeemable past, and Madeline was herself again. " I must bog of you to do nothing to attract the Prince's attention to your gambling propensities, papa; it would be quite fatal to my chances if he were to find you out in one of your wild fits of play when we get to, Venice ! " "All right, my dear,? I'll try and be careful and not ' break out ' if I' can help it ; but really I have had a bad time of it lately — not a card have I handled for a month — perhaps the Prince " "The Prince hates cards!" cried Madeline, very sharply, for on this occasion she had no mind that her lover should be fleeced beforehand. Prince Tornadi was no innocent pigeon like Oswald Power, to be plucked un awares by the little ruses of his future fathor-in-law. He was . a man of the world, and there was no sort of wickedness with which he had not been familiar since his childhood. He would see through Colonel Abbott's serpent-like simplicity at tho very first glance. Madeline know this well. " If I hear you even mention tho name of a card to Prince Tornadi," she exclaimed, angrily, " I will throw up the whole business at once ! " "All right — all right, my dear — don't get so excited ; you are so hard on your poor old father, my darling," be added, whiningly. For all answer to which Madeline ejaculated " Fiddlesticks ! " and went to bed. . to be. continued, 