IVA'S QUEST. ohatfter xvii. Nothino oamo of that strnngo discov ory in MnrrahW bedroom. Whan Dr. Sturgie and Ivn diebuasod tho vnluo of thoso proofs against the: waiting-maid tho older man shook his iiond. - 'If you take my advibo, Mr. Ducio, you will tako no notice whatever of what you havo soon to-dny.' 'No notico? "Whj', dootor, suroly you boo this brings tho guilt homo to Marrabloa? Unlo88 8ho had nn notiro hand in my darling's disnppenrnnoo would sho have her olothos nnd hor voryliairf ''Tho hair is in youf keeping now,' anid the doctor, with n end smile. ' Ivn, don'jRrfBnmo' ipe hnvo no proof of what' fv allSte A blue sergo ' dross migbt bolongo nnyono. Mar- rablos ia quito an nrtist in hair-dress ing. She might declare theso tresses wore trustod to 'hor to manufneturo into plaits.' ' But no one would holiove her.' ' Even there you fail in your roal quest. Bring the orimo homo to Miirrablea If you will ; ho w will that affeot' my lady? Depend upon it, Ivn, it would only he a spur to hor to — finish kor work ! ' Ivn. shuddered. . 'Then, aftor all my pride in the discovery, it is worthless ? ' ' Not wortliless ; it proves hoyond a doubt that Marrables and my lady know the secret of Gerda's fate. Now, wliy woro those clothes brought here? Both thoso women nre too clever to do anything without an ob ject. What was their motive for bringing suoh things from tlioir hiding-place to this crowded house,, where discovery was almost certain ? ' ' Wo must wait nnd see/: They had not long to wait. Tho day after. Iva settled in Lime Cottage, tho whole village was nrousod by the nows that the mystery of Miss Ducio's fate was solved at last. Sho had gone away, thinking in dependence would bo pleasant work ; she had come bnok lonely, despairing, wretched— come homo to dio ! The tale was on ovoryone's lips. , The soft, silvery waters of tho lake in Sir James Piorrepoint's grounds, they said, hold tho secret. Her clothes wore found neatly folded on tho banks. The blue sergo dross ' sho had worn so constantly, tho tight- fitting blaok jaokot, and small Btraw hat — thoso told tlioir own story, these explained tho myBtory, and told its end— a suicide's death ! Dr. Sturgis was prompt in palling at Lime Cottage. He took the little house, first in his morning rounds. Nurse Brown horsnlf opened the door, and ushered him into Iva's presence. She had heard all thoro was to tell, and-know Marrables' charaoter ns well as her master. . Her old eyes shone with indignation as she fixod tliom on tho doctor. ' You don't believe it, Bir ? You'd nover turn so cruel to my poor child as to think sho took her own life ? ' _' I know it is a trumped-up story,' said Dr. Sturgis, kindly. ' Mr. Ducie, I understand now why that bundle . . was brought to my houso.' Iva looked thoughtful. ' If only Lady Ducio had used her common sonso sho must havo known that a woman bent on suicido would not tako off hor warm dross and jacket boforo plunging into tho water. A vory poor, dosolato croaturo, who had ofton faced hunger and want, might havo boon influenced by a dosiro to save tho olothos, but Gorda wns not old onough in hardship for that. No ; for onco my lady has ovorroaohod hor- solf. . No ono will boliovo tho absurd story.' But ho wns wrong; many pooplo did boliovo it. All tho mntrons who woro Lad' Duoio's frionds and adrnir- ors took up tho idea hastily. Tho news oven travollod to Torquay, and Sir Jnmos wroto a pitying lottor of oondolonco to Iva. The young man foldod it away carefully. 1 Will thoy novor tiro of trying to rob mo of my liopo ? Hopo oan harm nono of thorn. Why don't thoy lot mo koop it ? ' But tho days passed on, and Iva grow no nonror. Ho dwolt at Lady Duoio's gntos; he could soo whoever pnssod in or came out; but not the slighest cluo onme to tho mystery wliioli puzzled him. |If Lady Ducio indeed koptlier step daughter a prisoner sho novor visited hor, and no ono came to toll hor of tho girl's welfare, for; somotimes for wooks togothor, no human croature savo tlio tradespeople passed tho hugo iron gntos wliioh shut in tho inhabit ants of Nothorton Ohase from the outer world. \- j.' Ivn, I have news for you.' It was Mny now, and Iva had kept his hopeloss watch for two months. The days woro growing long and siiiumorliko, tho flowora in tho oottage garden filled tho air with fragrance, hut Iva Ducio looked yoars older than when ho oamo to Nothorton not twelve .nionths bofore. : His fnco had grown anxious, his fbnturos woro pinohed and sharpened, a kind of nervous expectation scorned stamped upon his expression. Watching him with professional oyoB, Dr. Sturgis decided that if no relief oamo soon to his terrible sus- penso ho must sink beneath its strain. ' No human oreaturo could hear up against suoh. long- continued . mental pressure. 'News!' . . The words seemed like rain in a desert land. Iva's face brightonod, his dark eyes shone with thankfulness. ' I fear you may not think - it much, but to mo it : seems the first ray of light in our night of perplexity.' Don't keep mo waiting ! ' Oh, the agony of entreaty in the voice! 'I ' I chanood to be in the post-office just now: when that uncouth man my lady' lias soleotod as her solo male rotainer oamo in. Ho brought a tele gram, which ho wanted sent off at I once. . Tho girl in the shop left it on tho | counter when she wont in search of ohango. Iva, I don't know whether it was a dishonourable thing to do— I rend it.' : 'And?! . ' It wns to Gordon,- the noted physician, you know, urging him to come down nt onco.' Iva looked into his face. 'What does it: mean ?' growing palo. ' Not" Gorda ? ' 'I can't say that ; but it gives us this muoli hopo. I have known Gordon for years intimately. He may achieve what you and I cannot.' 'How?' 'Wo might call at tho Ohase as visitors, and spend a formal ten minutes in the drawing-room; he will see my lady off her guard. He will have a chance to ask questions that would ho an impertinence in anyone elso— aye; and have them answered.' Iva shook his head, i ' But ho won't know our trouble.' i ' He will.' ' Ho will drive from the station to the Ohase in ono of my lady's car riages. It will he as impossible to got at him as if ho were a crowned king.' ; ' It won't ; I havo managed all that. Tho moment VI saw the telegram I made up my mind. Jsent off a des patch as well as Lady Duoie, and mine was to Gordon, too.' I ' What did you tell him ? ' ' I looked m Jriradshaw, and saw ne would- probnbly come by tho night train, whioh gets into Nothorton at nine in tho morning. I know it stops at Barolay, so my mossnge was very brief Shall join the train at Barclay Junction ; look out for mo." ' : 'Doctor, how am I to thank you?' j ' Wait a bit;, time enough for thanks when you soo what comes of it.' I ' Shall I go with you ? ' 'Better not; you've tho Ohaso to ltoep an eye on.' : So Iva remained at his post, and was rewarded by seeing the infant lord's fine London nurso dopnrt in a cab loaded with boxes, evidently hound for Nothorton station. Iva wns quick to seize his oppor tunity. Taking his lint, he contrivod to be outsido his gate as the oab went past. Bowing as courteously as to a prin cess, ho asked tho nurse if 8ho would allow him a sent in hor conveyance ; ho particularly wished to meet a friend at Nothorton, nnd feared he might bo late if ho trustod to his feet. ' I'm sure you're vory welcome, sir,' said tho womnti, blandly, making room for him. ' It's a had day for walking, too — so showery.' Iva Ducio possessed all tho oliarm of a snilor's manner. Ho had travel led in many countries, had mixed with peoplo ol almost all nationalities, and ho know exactly how to adapt himself to his audience. _ There wbb nothing in his conversa tion with Mrs. Nurso any human being could have taken offenoo at. Ho paid hor no fulsome compli ments, - no -froo-and-easy attentions, and yet in fivo minutes' time ho was registered in hor brain as tho nioost gentleman sho ovor saw. ' I supposo you are going to town ahopping ? ' said Mr. Duoie, prosently. 'You must want a little ohango some- tiinos, for tho Ohase seems given ovor to dulnoBs just now.' ' I'm going for good, sir.' ' For good ! Don't you like it ? ' ' It's onough to kill anyono, sir ; tho dulnoss is just awful. I've had throe months of it. I don't say hut what I'vo boon woll fed and hand- somoly paid, but I can't stand it; and ns my Into mistress has come home from Amorica instond of ending hor days thoro, ns sho thought to do, I'm just going bnok to hor.' 'Lady Duoie will he very sorry. Sho struck me as being a devoted mothor.' 'That's just what she is, sir. I ofton think myself she's too devoted. She's that wrapped up in the baby sho thinks of nought else.' Iva doubtod this. . ' Tho place is just going to ruin, sir; and no wonder, with only those rough Yorkshire servants. Besides, my lady has shut up ono whole wing. She says it is too big for so few people.' ' Which part has sho shut up ? ' 'The left wing, sir; it was there tho poor young lady's rooms were — hor that drowned herself ; but, law, I shouldn't bo naming hor to you, sir. I forget myself quite.' ' You could not name anyone so dear to mo. Don't you know sho was my muoli loved wifo ? ' Nurso sighod. 1 She must havo been a pretty croature. My lady showed me her portrait once.' ' Sho was as beautiful as an angel. Nurse, do you know I have never believed her to be dead ? ' ' I'm sure she's dead, sir.' ' How oan you be suro, nurso ? ' ' I'm certain.' : ' But you ' can't bo certain — unless you have seen her gravo.' The nurse Bhuddered. ' I'm' quite suro, Mr. Ducie ; and, between ourselves, that's tho true reason I am leaving Netherton Ohase. I might have stood the dulness, see ing it was considered in my wages, but no amount of wages could hare made me used to (hat.' 'To what?' asked Ivn, perplexed. ' To seeing Jier.' A wild tlirillv.of hopo ran through his veins. ' What do you mean ? tell me!' 'Well, sir,' said the woman, shiver ing, 'you see she didn't come to a natural end. You see her body has uutui uuuu AVUIIU) OU OUU UUU1U lil/l have a proper funornl. I daresay that explains it, poor, dear creature.' 'Explains what?' Oh! what an effort it cost him to subdue his im patience and speak calmly to the woman. 'Remember, I am more in terested in Gerda's fate then anyone olso oan bo. Yu look kind- lionrtod — suroly you won't refuse to toll mo all syouknow?' ' I should have thought you'd have begged mo to hold my tongue. I'm sure, sir, if anyone I'd oared for took to walk I shouldn't like to hear of it.' ' Took to walk — who — Gerda?' 'Tho spirit, sir. Lor,' said the nurse, who was superstitious enough to have satisfied even Mrs. Brown hor- Bolf, I've often heard tell of such things, and I used to think I'd like to' see a ghost, but I never want to again, never again.' i ' What did you see ? ' : 'It was the young lady herself, sir, at least her spirit. I couldn't bo mis taken. You see I'd seen her portrait. It was hor herself, only paler nnd thinner, as of course the ghost would be. She was wrapped in something whito and flowing, and all her hair had been cut off. Perhaps,' oonoluded the good woman, ' it doesn't do for ghosts to havo long hair. Maybe it 'Id get in their way when they're gliding about so.' 'You saw her? you aro certain? whoro ? ' ' Last night, sir. I was pacing up and down the corridor with the baby in my arms — uncommon restless ho was. I hear my lady's sent for the dootor torday. I'm sure she'll never rear him.' ivn tried to Driog ner dock to tlio point. ' Last night, you said, you were pacing in the corridor with tho baby in your arms, and you saw — what ? ' ' I was near tho west wing, the ono that's shut up, and I hoard a strange sound like some one moaning. I didn't like it, sir, for I never was fond of quoer noises, and I'd turned hack towards my own part of the house when the green baize door that shuts off the west wing opened without a bit of noiso, and I saw it gliding gontly along.' ' Meaning Gerda ? ' . ' Meaning the ghost, if you please, sir. She was almost up to me beforo I caught sight of her. Then I knew what she was, and I gave aii- awful shriek. My lady oamo rushing from her boudoir. I almost throw tho baby into her arms and tore off to my own room. I locked myself in thoro and began to pack my boxos, for I'd mado up my mind, wages or no wages, I'd leave to-day.' ' And when did you speak to Lady Ducio ? ' ' She came to my door in a fow min utes, aud I had to lot hor in. She was almost as palo as the ghost hatl beou, but sho said nothing at all, only waited for mo to speak. "I'm really sorry, my lady," I said, respeotfully, " I'd really liko to stay with you and tho little lord, hut I daren't. I am a timid woman, and all my life I'd been mortal afraid of ghosts." ' ' Wasn't sho angry at your using such a word ? ' 'Not a hit. I expeoted hor to he, but she only smiled in a strange, far- off sort of way she has, and said, "I'm vory sorry, Mrs. Blake, that you havo seen it." ' ' Sho cnllod it it horsolf ? ' ' Sho did, sir. Then sho went on, " Of courso you have hoard of the tragedy in our family. I used to laugh at tho idea of spectres and ap paritions, but I dare not laugh now. Ever sinco that awful drivo by tho lake a strange, nameless something lias haunted tho rooms occupied by ray stepdaughter. I had hoped by locking up tho loft wing tho appari tion would not trouble us. I fear I am mistnkon. " ' Iva listened with breathless atten tion. Mrs. Blake felt flattered, and continued, — ' " Law, my lady," I told her, "locks and keys aren't no manner of use against ghosts. You'd better find the poor young orenturo's body nnd give it Christian burial. Depend upon it, the spirit will walk till then." ' 'My lady lookod thoughtful. "I wish I could," sho said, gravely. "Woll, Mrs. Blake, I won't keep you up any longer to night." But I up and told hor that night must be my Inst at the Chase ; nnd though she didn't like it she saw I was in earnest, and had to give way. Sho behaved quite handsome — gave me a five-pound note over and above my wages, and asked mo not to toll the roasou of my leaving to her other servants, as they might take alarm, too. That York shire family is such common folk I don't often lower myaBlf to speak to them, and I hadn't much difficulty in obeying my lady ; but it's been a real comfort to toll all I've gone through to a gentleman liko you, sir, nnd I do hope you don't think me a coward for running away ? But when a woman's got to earn her own living, sir, you seo she has to bo careful of what brains Bho has ! ' ' I think you woro very wise to go, 'and I am much obliged to you for your story. I assure you it has inter ested me very much.' ' And you're not angry that I should have seen her " walk ? " It's not her fault, poor young Indy. I daresay she was a sweet, gentle creature, and sho can't bear the thought her body's not had decent burial. I'm sure T shall never forget her, sir. It was a beautiful face, only just tho saddest I ever saw ! ' To hor surprise, Iva wrung her hand in his. ' Thank you,' he said, brokenly ; ' thank you, with all my heart ! ' and beforo Mrs. Blake had recovered from, her astonishment they were at Nether? ton. Of course, Mr. Duoie carried his story to Dr. Sturgis. In his im petuosity Iva would have- liked to uuyu UliVQU UU IV/ UUU uuuivok trate and demanded a warrant to searoh the Chase, hut the older man shook his head. 'I aBsureyou, Iva, the Ohase has boon searched onco from garret to cellars. Wait until you have more grounds before you speak to a magis trate.' Iva looked indignant. ' More grounds, sir? That worann saw my wife — aotually saw her, doctor ! ' . 'Not at all. She saw what , she believed to be Gerda's ghost. If you stated Mrs. Blake saw your wife in the flesh she would he tho first to contradiot you.' Iva groaned. ' And I thought it suoh a grand discovery ! ' ' So it is, only have patience. Your impetuosity would spoil everything.' ' I am tired of patience.' ' Softly ! It is not three months yet since you returned to England. Think of tho people who have to spend years nnd years before they succeed in their life's object. You need not complain of waiting yet ! ' 'But they don't' wait under such suspense as mine. Doctor, a year of this would kill me ; I feel the anxiety is wearing me out.' And it was true. Short as was the time since he landed at Southampton he was terribly altered. A wasting siokness, a hand-to-hand conflict with death, would not havo left crueller marks on Iva than had beou wrought by thoso weeks of alternate hopes and fears — this terrible hoart-siokening suspense. (To be cmtinutd.J 