I LITERATURE. I" OHNETS'LAST NOVEL/ n (lie living novclistsof France, Geor; a 0la . /he bestabuBedby the critics, and 01l"e!o£ widely read by the middle class lbe Lp of bis boobs haB nearly reached r°b!lC' hundredth edition, and all of them it8 i ouch an immense Bale as to have ^11(0 affluence. Yet he is certainly li[tcd biffl .n llteraturc ; but a dexterous »ot;" 'I m0n, who knows exactly how to ^ndicralt ^ French bourgeoisie, and suit the t . the eaaje reiat|on to the f^B'irftera of contemporary fiction which E T»mesdid to Sir Walter Scott in their G' ni9 characters are conventional, his constructed according to familiar "7ff l worn models, and his dialogues are \- iiv of a commonplace character. Never gn« he knows how to interest you, and tb vmi 'take «P one of his stones you Kl:e" L it down again until you have nr ' L the last line of the last chapter; even t!itre has said, he is Riving you a zinc JL in lieu of a bronz2 atatuette' "n's"latest story has evidently been written . 0f the present tendencies of French in the direction of Occultism, Bud Em the doctrines of the late "Allan Trdec - and the investigation of the curious Lnomena which present themselves to the udent of hypnotism. Probably it was Lses'ed by the Jean Norms of Jules rarelie. Bit Georges Ohnet writeB from a .!.«superficial knowledge of the doctrine of L'empsychosis, aud the idea of the soul of one liumau being becoming the tenant of .mother's man's body, jointly with its original occopint. ia something too extravagant for e,en a romance-wrifccr to speculate upon. Kot that this actually takes place in the novel; bat it is assumed to be possible of occurrence, and it is only prevented from happening by a frustrated suicide. Pierce Laurier, a young artist of the regula tion pattern, has fallen under the spell of a Isiutifnl Eorceress, named Clemence, an opera-singer, and whom we have met with in fi(,j dramas and as many romances. She has grown tired of him, and has conceived a sudden passion for hi* parlicular friend, Jacques de Vigne, who is consumptive and a prodipal. Pierre is imbued with the belief that, by putting an end to his own existence, he can, by a mere effort of hie will, incarnate his soul in his successful rival, and in this ne>r avatar receive the affection of the woman be adores. So he goes down to the seashore between San Carlo and Mentone icr the purpose of drowning himself; takes out a card from bis pocket-book, and writes on it:-" My dear Jacques, lam useless to others, obnoxious to myself. I will change ibis. I am sroinj to renew the experiment of irhich DaWdoff (a Russian doctor) told us. love no one like thee. 1 make you a present .of my soul. Live happy by and for me." He passes this card through his hatband and leaves it on the rocks. Then be prepares ta (lunge into the; sea. But his attention is arocsrd by the Eight of a smuggler who is in imminent peril of being drowned. He saves Lis li!e at the risk of his own, and both are taken onboard a small craft which has been rannir.fi contraband goads, and belongs to Corsica. In the meanwhile his friends believe him to ue dead, and the neve communicates a painful shock to Juliette de Vigne, tUe only sister of Jacques. She ie a lovely blonde, as a matter of course, and the Borceress is a brunette, Juliette is in love with Pierre and pines away in consequence. As to her brother, he is perfectly infatuated with Clcmence, and ruins hiwBelf to gratify her love of luxury and profusion. Then he takes to the gaming-table, and enjoys a wonderfal ran of lack, which presently deserts him, and disaster begins to Btare him in the face. The scene is next changed to Conies, and the chapter devoted to Pierre'* adventures in that island is one of the best in the book. rescue of Agoatino, the smuggler, from drowning has secured him the heartiest ol Welcomes from the man's family and com patriots ; and the artist shows his gratitude pair ting the portrait of Agsetino's sister, M also a beautiful "Resurrection" lor the Village church. Curiously enough, Dr. Davidoff T!j?te Corsica, is attracted to that very village church, recognises in the picture the master hand of Pierre, and with ft bit bt ®itCoal writes on the well, underneath ft. fj. !d<m resurnz'U Parue-Davidpf." anrfj?8ho?"1 to Pierfe the pariah priest, Mt*4t perceives that hia old acquaint ii;® » ^U8Blftn doctor, knows he is still mnt j 811 °1"1* time Juliette is becoming nwandmorefeagilein health,and faerbrother 10 the chariot wheels ol hia irresis n. . ltc<7 who has grown tired of Monte Twwfi ^a8tel1' to Paris, and thence to re8Dm*n8 ^ bath places the life hft»!L^tt»0* demimonde, As Jacques ltcf«i!tVS?1atthe<ndoJ lli9 resources, and the of. i0? ®nce & month to live in hei*!L i Lcl18^e 1108 been accustomed, P180^ flowed to be elbowed Well iif I1®1* admirers. Love is all very to" d2!?lla??r8ay8« bttt not going .mdWh f.uad" 8l» invested the futnw eTel* without any provision for woman If Tte ^ ®he 10 * Practical Cmicium . .ttB leatne<J arithmetic. Her finnals oFh» im°rt rc7olt^B» bat the is*iot at atte8t that the P°rtrait laeans . ®V rawoi nor is it by any With Everybody who is familiar Mage-win , fictton ttad «»« Parisian ttice maanne00'? hera8nn old acquaint ing S5aduiK anew disguise, and 6?eti moral ^fin ^ iM<?ent dieregard of 111 feaemhlin^ 01 everything at h« C^iW^manly feella*> which she tocxhibitin similar Georgea^' ^ diffewnt n&met;, ^ Places her in ioxtapoaltiou with and contrast lo Juliette de Vigne, just! as be did previously in the canes of Claire and Athenais, Jeanne de Cygne, and the Countesa barah, Michehtie and Jeanne, Lise Fleuron and Clemence Villa. But it cannot be said that he renders vice attractive. The Lais who enthrals Pierre Laurier and Jueques de Vigne in succession, is about as repulsive an embodiment of sensuality and self-indulgence as could be depicted, consistently with the possession of those personal attributes which constitute the explanation of her sorcery and caused Dr. Davidoff to look upon her as the representative of "the eternal sphinx! who devours the audacious seekers after the solution of the enigma." 1 Dr. Davidoff, who, although a materialist ] and cynic, is a thoroughly good fellow at bottom, witnesses with sincere sorrow the gradual fading away of Juliette, and sends, under cover to the parish priest in Corsica, a telegram to Pierre Laurier, enjoining him to return to Paris without an hour's delay; and j the message reaches Pierre on the day of the marriage of the man whose life he has saved ' with the daughter of a farmer. The two! friends take an affectionate leave of each olher, and the Frenchman hurries down to Bastia, which he reaches in time for the out going steamer to Marseilles, and his feverish i anxiety on board the vessel and the enchant-1 ins scenery passed en route are well described.' So is the contrast presented by the semi tropical aspect of Corsica to the landscapes of southern and of midland France. " No more olive trees, pines, or cactuses, pushing through the yellow and scanty herbage; no more russet rocks and foaming torrents ; no more Bhepherds armed with muskets, and perched on little hillocks, from which they watch with a grave and haughty air the movements of their scattered sheep, or of their undisciplined goats, but peasants, at once heavy and active, guiding their ploughs drawn by yokes of large white oxen along the brown furrows ; plains covered with fields of ripened corn ; and, on the hill-sidee, vineyards heavy with their fruitage, and forest* of the deepest verdure, intersected by tnrf-bordered roads, opening up far-atretching and fresh perspectives." A«rived in Paris, Pierre is met at the rail way terminus by Dr. Davidoff, who tells him all that has happened, and asks bimif he feels confident that he is no longer sus ceptible to the Bpells of the sorceress, who has grown tired of Jacques as she had pre viously been of himself. " Fear nothing," is the reply. " The Pierre Laurier whom you knew died in the night of that storm upon the Bea coast, and the man who stands before you, if he has the Bame countenance, has, fortunately, no longer the same heart." During the next few days Davidoff .occupies himself in suggesting to Juliette the possi bility that the man she loves is still alive, and is assisted by a sort of excursion which her spirit once made during sleep to the village church in Corsica, where she saw the artist at work upon the " Insurrection," and describes the place accurately to the doctor. Under his judicious influence hope revives within her, and in due lime Pierre is brought to her feet, and in the assurances of her pure affection be fiuda the preeage of a happy married life. liut the sorceress and her infatuated adorer remain to be dealt with, and Pierre and Davidoff set off forTrouville, where both the former are found in the midst of a sumptuous breakfast party at the principal hotel. As the strangers enter the sille a miivjcr Jacques de Vigne catches sight of what he believes to be the ghost of Pierre, and swoons, and the other guests rise from the table in a state of great excitement The scene which fol lows is thoroughly dramatic. Clemence feels her eld passion revive for Pierre, and endeavours to regain her former ascendancy over him by practising her ac customed blandishments; but he treats her with icy ecorn and supreme indifference; " I have pardoned you the evil you have done to me," he exclaims; " but I will never pardon you the evil you have done to him. Adien !" And after they have carried Jacques to a carriage which is waiting outside, and a heavy clond has fallen over the festivities, Clutnence arouses herself from a-fit of abstrac tion, and " looking at her guests with those diabolical eyes of hers, she Bays, ' Ah, well! You.may ear what you like of Pierre, but there is not one of the whole lot of you that can be pnt in comparison with him. It is nearly two o'clock, however, so let us go to the races,'" Three months later Juliette, who has entirely regained her health, is married to Pierre, upon whom commissions pour in; while Jacques de Vigne slowly sinks into the grave, properly penitent for a misspent life, wasted powers, and neglected opportunities, and completely forgiven by his widowed mother and sister, whose fortunes he has dissipated in addition to his own. It would be unjust if we omitted to men tion the process-engravings, upwards of 60 In number, some of them covering a page and most of tbem half a pace, with which the story is illustrated. They are from original designs by Bmile Bayard, the distinguished artistanddraughteman, whose works are fami liar to every reader of the Tour de Monde, the Journal pour Sire, and L'Mus'.ralion; while he also supplied the drawings for a choice edition of Molifcre. The designs in the book under notice are really admirable. It is beautifully printed upon fine paper, and when tbe ficst edition of n novel of this kind can be produced in Paris for a fraction under three shillings, it seems to be high time for London publishers to consider whether the time has not arrived for abandoning, the old fashion of issuing a work of fiction in three volumes, at the nominal price of a guinea and a halt 