METROPOLITAN MATTERS [Bv an Occasional Couhicsconiiknt.] 5|sg£«$ggS|HE Postal Conference has ended its sittings as is usual with gjL A Jg ' ? such . assemblies, in a harbor illnwJsll picnic. The report has not been presented yet, but it is '10l)e^ contains a recommen dution for intercolonial penny \'{$W'ljo$3h postage, or at least that New South Wales shall have that blessing. Vic toria now enjoys penny postage, and with such extended railway communication as we have it seems a relic of a bygone age to have a two penny system here. ' It's an ill wind that blows nobody good,' is a very old saying, and is being exemplified just now in the Southern City. However other trades may be, the masons and brick layers there, have their hands full at top wages. So quickly does 011c fire, follow another in Melbourne that the trades alluded to have scarcely finished one job till another is ready for theni. In addition to the Bijou Theatre, which is still iu the hands of the workmen, there tiro six large buildings being ro-biiilt, the originals of which were destroyed by (ire. This does not of course include new buildings going up in the ordinary course. Insurance com panies are looking up with awe to the immense buildings bting erected, and premiums are said to be going up. Another big difficulty is looming up in connection with the gigantic buildings which mark the age. I am not an alarmist, but I shudder to think of the consequences should 11 fire break out at midnight iu some of tho immense hotels and coffee. palaces which now adorn our city. The 'lift' is very useful and pleasant as 1111 ordinary mode of conveyance, but would be of little uso in a stampede by frightened men and women. Some years ago, the authorities took alarm at. the mere mention of accidents that might occur in theatres and public halls, and compelled the responsible parties to construct all doors so that they should open outwards. Something else is wanted in the way of fire escapes in large buildings, and the sooner the matter is looked intxi, the better. Our health officers are to be congratulated upon tlieiv activity. The Ormufc, which arrived on AVeduesday, bad ten cases of measles 011 board. She brought tit in Watson's Bay, was thoroughly fumigated and got prutii/ue, but not before the measles patients and their nurses were removed to (he coast hospital. The four patients with small-pox, in quarantine, arc recovering, but their presence there has given fresh life to the agitation tit Manly for the re moval of the quarantine station. Needy Colonial Treasurers must, from time to time, have east longing eyes at this valuable site, and it would surprise 110 0110 to find- thai the quarantine staff were shifted to Bnrrtinjoey and the site sold. ? The Hutchison divorce case litis ended to the surprise and disappointment of everyone, excepting of course tho lady petitioner, iu a rule nisi for the lady, the respondent M.L.A. not putting in mi appearance.'. The whole thing is shrouded ill mystery. Mr. Hutchison is well-known in the west ; in .fact, wherever a good templar lodge has reared its head at some time or another you would find him there, pushing, with a rugged eloquence, the cold water cause. When the suit was commenced he asked the House to suspend judgment upon him until the case had been heard in the courts, assuring members that since he had been a Member of Parliament he had done nothing of whieh he need be ashamed. From this everyone thought it was a case of 'black- mail,' as lie assured the House, and waited anxiously for the outcome. It has come now, and ends in disappointment to those who be lieved in him. Whatever his faults may have been, and whatever opinions your readers may hold 011 the liquor question, Hutchison has done good work for the templar body ; in fact, he has made himself 11 poor man through liis adherence to the order. A religious man he never professed to be. There was and is 110 ' Mawnioriu ' about Hutchison. Ho dealt with the liquor question from a social stand point, without introducing the Bible to sup port liini in Ins arguments. Those who know him believe yet that the explanation of the apparent mystery will conic. It is a pain ful case, but it. is still more painful to find men 011 whom he litis before now conferred benefits- — and a better or Jirmer friend than Hutchison cannot- be found— turn now to hound liini down. At a meeting of a branch of the order for which he has done so much; a few evenings ago, as reported in one of the daily newspapers, two of the speakers, who at one time professed to be his bosom friends, attacked the absent man in a dastardly manner, so thoroughly iiiiEnglish that I imagined that (he only British thing under stood by these people was the British beer. As showing the feeling which runs through some people in these sort of things, 1 may mention that this little matter cropped up in conversa tion, and said one, alluding to another but more august adulterer, ' Well, what about ? ? .' 'Oh, but then look at the difference of the men !' So what is simply a slip with one is flat burglary with another. j A well authenticated story of ' blackmail ' comes to liie from the city of Melbourne. A fashionably attired lady consulted a well-known medical man, in large practice, 011 several occasions for neuralgia. She paid well and appeared to suffer terribly from the malady, which, as anyone knows who has suffered from it, is most excruciating. One morning a thunderclap, so to speak, came iu the shape of the husband of the suffering lady, who, in 11 beautifully simulated rage demanded an ex planation of his ' conduct towards his wife.' The astonished medico after hearing the charge told the complainant to go to that place where the good niggers arc said not to go, but a night's reflection and next morning's post put a very different complexion on the matter. The post brought a very formid able letter from a respectable firm of solicitors formulating a horrible charge, and advising liini to settle the matter quietly. The doctor went to his own solicitor, who happened to be a near relative, who advised him to 'fight it out.' The perplexed medico, who is a married man with a largo family and it splendid connection, unwilling to risk 1111 exposure in the Supreme Court, and, perhaps, 11 keelhauling at the hands of Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., went, behind the back of his solicitor and paid tho precious pair the stiff figure demanded as hush money. They cleared out to ' fresh fields and pastures new,' possibly to repeat the experiment 011 some other weak member of the healing art. The medico now sees strange ladies only in the presence of a third party, but bad he the courage displayed by Dr. II. A. G. Wright, of Sydney, under similar circum stances, a few years ago, he would have prose cuted the blackmailers, conferred a benefit on society, and kept his gold in his pocket. There appears to lie a theatrical ' boom' in Sydney. Every house, that can be called a playhouse hns 11 company performing. This is as it should be, for of all men who can least tiff'vrd to be out of employment the Thespian is he. Ho cannot dig— pick and shovel work don't suit him — and lie miisn't beg. Hyde Park and the Domain must not see him amongst its habitue x, he has 110 ' Union ' to fall back upon, has, a rule, been notoriously improvident, and if the 'ghost does not walk,' at the beginning of the week its, to use his own ex pression of not over elegant language, all U-P with him. Of recent years there appears to be a tendency to import actors and actresses as freely as we do German furniture or American brooms. 1 do not advocate a tax 011 the imported Thespian as did the Americans a while ago, but I hold that Australian managers should not send out of the country for stock actors while good men are at baud and idle. I tun led to these remarks by having noted that, until within the past fortnight numbers of steady men, whose abilities have before now helped to swell the treasury chest of many a theatre, have been out of collar. The fact is, as one old and capable actor of the old school put it to me recently, the new genera tion of actors have pushed us from our stools. And the new mail does not work as hard as the old. Nowadays companies travel with one or two pieces winch last them Tor years. In the old days of Brooke, and Coppin, and Sul livan the stock actors had a new character every night, and a fresh rehearsal every morn ing ; he. could scarcely call his soul his own. Of course I alii not going to justify the im providence of actors us a class. Their tempta tion to spend are overwhelming, and with one man c.f tho Greville stamp, who is said to be worth £30,000, and who educates his sons for the learned professions, there are l)!l of an opposite disposition. I remember hearing Greville asked once how he came to make so much money, ' Economy, my boy, economy,' that's all the explanation he could give. Luck had nothing to do with his wealth. It is with much gratification I note that a benefit society is being formed in the profession intended to help in such cases as the Allison orphans and it is to be hoped the effort will bo successful. At the Royal the ' Little Lord Fauntloroy ' Company wind up this week. There is a rumor in town that on the return of Mr. Williamson from his Old World trip this firm will dissolve, partnership, Mr. Musgrove taking tlie Sydney Theatre as his share, nnd Messrs. Williamson and Garner the Melbourne Royal and Princess. At Her Majesty's Mr. Rignold produces 'My .lack,' and is drawing houses and coin in a surprising fashion. The Criterion still has ' Caste ' in the bills, and I an glad to report that Mr. Miln is doing well with ' 'Richard I II.' at the Little Standard. It will be a pleasure to chronicle this gentle man's success in a pecuniary sense, as the ill Itick which followed his Melbourne effort- to make Shakespeare appreciated deserves some recompense. This gentleman,' who I am as sured occupied the pulpit of one of the largest Unitarian Churches in America, from which he drew a salary of 10,000 dollars, which he gave up to delineate his beloved Skakespeare behind the footlights, has had the hard luck ill Mel bourne to lose all his savings, and finds him self in the Insolvent Court as well. It marks the esteem in which he is held when we learn that at his bankrupt meeting the other days, the parties not being prepared, his word ol honor was taken that lie would return lrom Sydney after his professional engagement and undergo examination. At the Opera. House Mr. Charles Palmer, with ' Hans the Boat man,' fills the bill, while the Music Halls, skating rinks, and other shows, are obtaining a fair share of the good things that are going. 