A Miser's Inheritance. . CHAPTER XI V. The household in Kensington Gar dens Square was in a ferment of -agitation. All day long - there woro tradesmen's carts dashing up to the area gate, and confectioners, bearing mysterious ways on tlioir heads, seen disappearing down tho area steps ; strange parcels were stealthily taken in, at the front door, and whole groves of palms and ferns were carried into the house, Indoors all was excite ment and confusion'"; the footman and the maid3 rushed .about breathlessly ; workmen >vere: in ; the drawingrroom moving the furniture. Mrs. Mal- sliam, capless aud ' red in' the face, ran up and down the stairs giving manifold orders and directions ; the young ladies, up in their bedrooms, were surveying with delight the nesw: dresses just homo from the dress maker's whilst upstairs and down stairs, above and below, the air was redolent of a strong unctuous odor of rich foods of divers kinds in tho pro cess of being cooked. - l?or that even ing Mrs. Malsliam was to give a large dinner-party, at which 18 guefets were- ' to sit down at tlie festive, board, to be followed; at a later hour, by what the good lady impressively called a " sworry." '" And this was in. honor, of Valentino Eyre. It was foi'«iiim the fatted calf was slain; for .him , the .entrees, and the ices, and tlie jollies from Bridge- man's kept pouring do\Vn the area; forliimthe hired waiters at 10s. Gd. per night had . been engaged ; for his sake that great, and small were slaving and toiling, from attic to cel lar, from sunrise to sundown. ' | Valentine Eyre had now been for six weeks in possession of his .fortufte. All the law business had been settled, all the legacy duties had been p vid; there was nothing more for him to d6: but to set to enjoy himself and to spend his monoy — and, to a certain; extent, he did so. : :; ;; The London season was in. full' swing, and Valentine was now quite established in the comfortable rporiis in Clarges street that belonged to Oswald Power, that, gentleman having migrated to Cragstohe Edge. He had bought a great many clothes and cigars and trinkets;- had set up a broughliam and a buggy, two harness horSes,' and a park lmok ; lie had . retuhiod. a countless number of cards which had come pouring in upon him frbiii all directions, and he had accepted mani fold invitations to the houses of" pet- sons he had never heard of in his life before. And with all that '.my. hero's head ', was not in the very, least bit turned. He began to understand with a . frightful plainness that it was his money, . and. not. himself,, that " was being ;" courted- and sought after;: and tlie comprehen sion of this fact aroused in hiiii an immenSe cohtempt for: the stiiilihg world that opened its arms so cordially to:receive him." Ahd yeb, tlidugli lie despised it he ; did. not' . turn his back upon it; on thecpntrary, he took vidiat it offered iiitn as part .of the necessary, duty .which he had set himself to ful fil, for lie said to , himself tliat some- where surely, rainongst all these fair; and well-born women he should meet' that one woman who must he as-guiie- less and pure as she was beautiful, and who would lovb him for himself and not for his. 'gold. :v;Heitilpl;.''.cUd/his money make liim happy ;' oii tlib con trary the consciousness of ' his AVeiiltli' was at times an- absolute oppression to him. When he remembered hib; ciousin. banished , to .that lonely;/ tower in the norfch, and working tlibre as his paid agent,, it often- seemed to him as if lie were ; committing some crime in not -liasteni rig on with greater-speed that day which. -was to mete out- equal justice, to them both. \ Great ; riches -without contentment, what is it ! said our philosopher to himself, - wondering; Vaguely- whether he had not been happier ,0n the, whole in the. days when he sat in- Mr. Mal- sham's : office on a' high stool 'and earned L120 a year. < Now in/these days it was that Richard Malsliam said to : the ":Yife;of his bosom,. ..." If you don't keep a hold ' on that young man he .will slip througlf our. fingers altogether.- ; There are no/ end of swells- after him- already, and/if , Bella don't look sharp she'll be out of it." - " She's, working night, and day at a set of antimacassars for hiray" - said Mrs.; Malsliani. "I'm sure if lib bought them ' at the Sphool of, Arts; iri South , Kensington they ; couldn't; be more beautifully worked," not If. hip paid five guineas a piece for them !" . . "Pooh ! what's that to liim l Ho could buy dozens at fifty guineas each if lie wanted them. . A niaii don't care for antimacassars ; if / you want to get ' at his heart give. him a first-clftss dinner." . Mrs. Malsliam took' the'selijnts cbii-; ' earning - the weak point in tlie mas culine armor in good part, and tlie result was an invitation to dinner, to be followed by "a few/frierids jniflio; evening," which Val., with a kindly feeling towards his old master;, and present man- of business," was careful to accept. ' ; ' ".- Instantly more invitations, flew out 'all over the town, arid by the tiuvp tlib; eventful ".day arrived Mrs, ; Malsliam ' was ifi the proud hope . of receiving a select party of eighteen to dp dinner— and a party not at all1 select, of 'soiiio t \- j, hundred and fifty personsV . tp . ;tli,p entertainment in the 'evening 'wliibh was to follow in the wake of the. banquet. "If.- Of course Val. took down Bella to dinner, and was' seated between lio'r and her mother ; in fact, there was a regular Malsliam fortification' on evpry side of him, for young Albert Malsliam , was planted exactly opposite to him, whilst between an opening of the ferns and exotics farthor down the table tlie head of Bella's younger sister was con stantly, to be seen nodding playfully and archly toward him. " I have nearly finished them," sa\d Bella, in a mysterious whisper to him between the mouthsful of her soup. " Yes?" very doubtfully, "Oh, you naughty man ; I believe you forgot all about them—what you asked me to make for you !" For the life him Val. couldn't romeniber. "May I come to your rooms and see if they iit some day ? You know everything depends on the fit." "You are very good," murmured Val., "and I am very stupid ; but was it sbeks or a waistcoat you are knitting for mo 1" " Oh, Mr. Eyro ?" Up wont Bella's fan before her face, arid she wont, through a sort of pantomimic action with lowbred eyelids, which any bright-", wi ttccl young man should have recog nised as an indication of inaideii, blushes, only that Val was Obtuse/and , seeing no blushes, only gazed at. lipr iri; blank amazement. " Oh, you naughty bod man !" continued Miss Malsliam, breaking into a series of little giggles ; "do you think I should be so improper as. to want to come to your, rooms to try on such things— on you? "Oh,, shocking ! shocking ! ' Good 'gracious,: what: would mamma. think if she heard you ! she is very particular abbut lis girls ! but dear mbj you '.really .are too— too funny i" arid ; Bella's giggles; bbcame alinOst hysterical. ; : / , ; / j At length j hoiVever, slip inanaged tp . conyeytp; Vai's'compreherision'th'e great fact that - 14 alitimaciissars, AVprlcbd in ; "diffcrPiib colored . silks;/ awaited hisl gracious acceptahcpj if .only she arid .riianuna rnight comb to .tea/at' his/ : rooms;: .tp'/ffit them/ p'ri/ to /tho phairs. Poor Vai, wibii innocoiit, un consciousness, " fell irttp: 'the 'trap' tlilis skillfully laid/ and prbrriinod to nan'ie an early, day .'for a 'combination of aftbH: rioori tea /and the Pxhibitioh of tho antimacassars. , ' i Then ho .was .surprisedrto fliid that, >.he was;an, object of Attention arid do-' ferpritial rospect. . to : the asseiiibled guests. An old iiian 'wlioin he-' hiid ; lieybr sebri. before asked / liis bpiiiiori 'upon some tojiic of the day-aPross the table, ahd listened politely, ainidst, a :profound silence, for tho ifew words itiiat fell from- his: lips in answer.- -. 1 : i "But ajEter ali,'1 ; added Val, hastily;' inpb' relishing this; goiieral observatioii, ; of which lie sepinod to be the object, : "I know . next to nothing ; about politics." v -. > " Are you not- going into' Parlia ment ?" niur mured Bella, at his . side-r- for Bolla had her day, dream's. ' ". 1 " No. AVhy should' I ?" he replied, in sonie surpfise. - <. / ; Papa seemed to think you "iyOuld with you r fortune and large interest in land." " Really ? No. I1 haven't thought of it." 1 am a Liberal, ' ypluriteerpd; Bella/ " I always have beeii,- you . khcW, ;bp-.' cttuse I thinlc Mr. Gladstone harisubii' an interesting face." / ;' " You lirivp indeed very , excellent; reasons for your political creed, - Miss. Malsliam," : l-eplibd Val, 1 ; tlie ghost, of a smile- at the corner of his -mouth. ; " And whnt are you ?" queried Bella,/ encouraged by this reply. ; \- "I? Oh, I am nothing." 1 ; " Nothing ! : Do you mean ; to- say you have ;rio,. opiriions'nP ' ideal oVPn". in politics ? Is(therenotliirig on eartli . that you loug for or' seek after ?" >. y " Yes, there is something, but it lias iiothing tp do. witli politics," said Val, smiling. , - ' ' Bella' drbppp.ri , 'lier byelids. His voice was significant. YVhat woulct he answer lier ? "Dear mo, Mr, .Eyrej what can the. something be ?" slie-' inquired, with 'a; conscioits smile. , ... / " The piiilosoplier's stone," answered1 Val. . Bella looked up with a'.' start. If was not at all the ; answer wiiich she had expected. "... - .; "I wonder what' you mean," she ;said,/with A puZzlbd lpok.: ; : I thought' .you had that, . Is. it not/the power of rnirig every thing into gold— does it ;riot moan monoy ?" / ,;i' N.b/'.it is sbiuetliing yery/differpnt. jit/is the.secret of happinesy," answered Val,- gravely. ; _ : Now.this reply wris, far above Bella's head;; she - felt widely .out : of her 'depth. ' She remembered her mother's lirij unctions ; . she had .told jher ita make; ,as much way' with the rich young man, as she could at dinnor time. , ; " You 'may never. haVe such a clvarice again,", her mother had said- toriier" ; :" and a clover- girl like you ought to know liow to mako use of your oppor tunity." ' /- ; , It seemed to Bella that she had now an excellent opening for a word in season that might bo very much to the point. //' Of course, I've always heard you 'are very clever and scientific/ and .all thas, Mr. Eyre," she -said, with, a .pretty vagueness, whioh"-.' Vah: acknow ledged by an absent bo'w:j''!'A but; it: seems to me that ib/takeritwo'to rriake happiness, and any : woman— wjib— cared about you — would- be too glad, would be too glad, would she not, to help you? Eof your ! sake she would gladly change libr, / oSvri opinions -. to adopt yours. If " she cared .for you, ypu know, she would be. charmed." Val. looked at her in alarm.- Ho had not forgotten tho shame and the humiliation of a certain scene .in a shadowy garden some six weeks ago,, when a woman whom lie had always treated with respect; and honor had loweredliorsolf for ever in his eyes. There liad been a ring of passion, how ever,/ /iii' -.'the 'broken words of tliat avowal — unwomanly though it had boeri ; but was Bella Malshnra about !tc> j-eriew his experiences of that even- In of pain liere in the full glare of the gaslight at her father's dinner table ?"-/.;/-: , ; He felt linfeignedly tliarikful . that Mrs. Malshain1 ' at ' that very moment gave tlie signal for the ladies to loave the room. " All women are cliaririing,". he said, lightly, as he pushed back Miss Mai-, sham's chair for her ; " but I , have never had tho presumption to ask any woman to change her opinions for my sake." Some women might' have considered those words to be sufficiently crushing; not so Bella Malshaui, whose un bounded mith in herself rendered her incapable of suppression. Her mother found time to whisper a word to her as they went upstairs. "Well, my love, what success ? You seemed getting on famously." " Oil I. mamma, I don't know what to say. iHe'lias just told mo lie wasn't presumptuous enough to ask me to change my opinions for his sake." " He said that, did ho ? My dear, I consider it as good as a proposal ?" cried her/ hiotlior, trembling "with oxcitoniont. "Ohl bub,. mamma, lie is so shy ; and tlipn you gob;up." j . ' "If i .had,,oniy known I'd' liavri waited a'.bitj longei- ? But -never liiind, Bella, no inari is ' so shy as all that ; and 'if he/isn't /presumptuous ' yet, depend upon it lie ineans to be soon. He can't draw back after saying as iuucli as that I How pleased your papa will be!. "All. you've got to .do is to bring liim to tho point; if you are clover you'll bring it off ..to-night; 1'iri sure I shan't grudge all thC ex- pense and turn-out one bib if- it-lias led" to this. You . are a lucky girl,, Bella ! " .-. I , But Bella's luckj Such as it was; was at 'an 'e;id for that night. -Every-'clog,; we. are .- told,, has- his. <1 ;y, and . BellnV was over. .;:' ;/.//-i:i.;::;/'"- ' ; Tlie great entertainment was lias- teriVng; ;. to, /its/ /cliiiiax/ . Guests came ppui-ing ia in lorig trains/ fat mothers, foUowod.-by siim . daughters j fatliers-of families, ; who. ' devoutly wished thppi-. selves :" ;in ( 1 tlieit"/' bedA;.: jind sons . wlip looked lipredj arid "wondered hp V/spbn they could- get away. The coriipahy was. decidedly mixed ; the -Malsliam friends and acquaintances were slightly second-rate ; but then again the busi ness connections, Mr. Malsham's plientsj were of a better class, -"Mr. Malsliam Was much respected . by; many of: them, who entertained, for : liiin an unbounded confidence, and Aven, in some cases, a real ,'affec-' tion. They made - a. poirit of; -attend-: irig his w.it'o's evening party, and /werp glad enough'.- to come to meet each other, and , to Pat an excellent supper,' Arid , to entertain theiriselycs by quizzing, -those! worthy; people who were nob in their "set,"! and whose dress and 'manners afforded them considerable .amusement When the gentlemen came up from ;the , dining-room ' the drawing- rooms ipfeseritod a very respectable crowd, iand : a. professional- gentleman was ituning iiis fiddle in/ preparation for, a idueb with a lady pianiste who was Already seated at her post, j Val stood in the doorway between itlie two rooms, almost at the very spot jwhere lie had stciod wedged in on that -!otlier occasion, now so far removed jlrom ; his - present existence, when he! had been poor and and friendless, And ! when .Mrs. Malshaui had rebuked her daughtei-forclesiringtospeaktoftybung riiian who was " only one of her fatliei-'s clerks." Val was thinking of tliat eveii- irig now. / To-night .everybody smilod ;at liirii and made much of liiin. Mrs, Malsliam constantly addressed him ; slio pi-ayed jiirii to come; farther jrito ,tlie roonri— -to get- into a bettei- place for hearing the music— arid asked AnStiously if he wished to; be/ iritro-! duced to any one:; but./ Val deeiiried: lipr kind offices, rind preferred to i-e-. main where he was/ ' - : : '/A constant ' stream of "guests " was coming up the staircase behind liinl, and every other ininute their names were announced loudly or softly, ac- .cordirig to the"" music going bri'iri' the; front room. ' An Italian/; lady liad just.;.-- .finish'ed - a / . brftvui-a , song. The last :"'tra; 1 la /la" had died; away Anioiigsb-a cliorris:pf applause from the cbmpany, when t%vo ladies standing close in ft-ont of "our/ hero, and whose: view, of the ascending throng up the .stairs was more uriintercepted .'than his /own, remarked .to each other in ..a per-' feotly audible tone '-Goodness- — here- 'conies ono of tho beauties,! , Old Mal sliam is in luClc' to-night." ; ; : ' ;:;Thebtlier put up her eyeglass. /. .. f.' Madeline Abbo.tb by all that is /vonderful ! Ancl hoiv/well slie looks to-: riigbt./ She lias /quite, reco vef eel that' llast little affair ; seemingly." i Madeline Abbott ! where had Val. heard that name before ?., It 1 struck;- ; familiarly; On' h is; ear. - /> Thensuddenly ! lie remembered / pragstone . Mere: — ' the.little' boat—Ethel . Ormond lean ing on lier glistenirig oars/ and saying !to him, P.You ought to/lcnow Madeline Abbott ; sho is perfect; so gentle' and woriianly, and so free: from those .sonjid aibtiy/'yirhibh// ybu despise - in ; me ; she ; is so good that no -wonder people run ' after' lier and admire her 1 " " //Poor EtlielJ/rihe/had np high stan- /dardpf - truth /arid honor herself evi- Aeiitly ;/but ;at All - events she had a generous ,soul, ancl could admire good- iiiess /and iiigli- iriindedness./in others, .wlipp she came acr.ossit, . 1 . / Val. felt - a/ vague curiosity to see ; this , fasliionable 1 beauty Svliom /Ethel had described with sucli'rinthusiasrn as - a. being / so superior to liei'sbif and lier surroundings ; /he craned his neok backward to catch a siglit of tlie new, copiers. , Colonel and Miss Habbott !" an nounced tlie waiter, with' a loud and careful aspiration ; and Valentine saw the/heroine of his adventure in Picca dilly. ' .He had looked for lier every where in parks and picture galleries, at the theatres and tlie . opera; lie had haunted every public place where it had seemed to him' that a beautiful woman of fashion should be found, and liad gone to every house where he had been invited in the hope of coming aoross lier at some, one of them. And now, without any trouble or ofi'ort of his own, lie saw her walking into Mr. Malsham's drawing-room, where it was very possible that she plight have been pn that occasion, years ago, when lie stood .unknown and unnoticed in that self-same Corner. If so, how Strange were the threads of life that seemed to be drawing these two existences together ! Por a moment his heart beat and his head went round; then he stood transfixed, drinking iri her beauty. If she had seemed to him to be lovely beyond words in her simple blaok bonnet and cloak, in the crowded street when she had turned 'and thnnked . liim, bow ' incomparably greater was tho effect she produced upon him now as she stood arrayed in full dress, with every perfected detail of lace, and; jewels,, and flowers that can serve to heighten and enhance the beauty of a beautiful woman ! Her dross of the palest pink satin was smothered in old lace ; there were diamonds at lior throat and ears, and in the dark coils of her wonderful hair. /. Madeline had bought a few more new dresses than usual of late ; her dear -father, -she- told lier friends, had made a little money — liad written a successful article in a magazine — the editor had behaved handsomely — that was what the friends were told. Madeline and her father knew better where a certain mysterious cheque for L0000 had come from ; and as to Valentine Eyro, had his eyes been only riiiraoulously. opened, lie might perhaps have oven thrown a still further light upon, the subject. But the immediate result to' Made- : line, amongst many other tilings, was tli'iit /fairy-like! pink garment iri which ; she burst; that .- evening upon Valen tine's enraptured eyes. ' . ; Bella's' eye's at his elbow ai-pused liiin . ffbrii'. a- state' of adoring contemplation of tho vision that had just entered the l-OOUl. i ..'5 Mr, Eyrp, you really look quite mill ancl lonely in this corner — this /jijjill Meyer p..x..djqMt--v)|i.-.cpmQ and ' talit.tQ/SdriipbdclyAbi-'1 is " there anybody 'wpUobuld/like '..to/ be '-introduced- to ? You/know;" in a confidential whisper, J" I should like so much to stop and talk tp you; myself, but I have so" many people. to, attend to." : , ... . / ; "I -should" very .much like to lie introduced to that lady who lias just corilp 'in/"'; 'said Val,, boldly. ' "Miss Madeline: Abbott." .;/ ' . 1 j . ."..Oh, .Madeline Abbott. Oh,, yes, ;if ' you like, certainly," with a vestige ;of " pique .in her : voice. ' Slip;is; very jbeautifuj;'/pf 'course ;' - but don't be led away —by ''appearances, '-''Mr. Eyre. Gentlemeri/.tell. me-.shp is very difficult to get oh with'."; ; / .:' : " I tliink i; like that,", answered Val., not without/a spice of/malice in liis mind. /; /:-.-; " Miss Abbott, Mr. Eyre wishes to be introduced to you." Valentino bowed,- but Madeline put forth her hand. ' ! . ". I --think- rive have .met before," she safcl/witli.a delightful smile. "It was. 'you, was it not, .who picked up my purse?" -to be continued. - 