SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to the New York World bas boon auinaing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Offico at Washing- j ton. Many of them aro amusing, and Boino decidedly crazy. mere are, perhaps, (the writer tells uh), 2,000 toys in the division of the Patent Office, and one of tlio latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. The doll is patented by a German, and if, nmiRists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which ruus iu the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pan. By means of a syplion, which comes out through tbo dolls head, machinery is set to work by wbich the 1 doll begins to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much the same order is the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, aud hus a lank inside it. Tlie inventor slates that tho action of milking is exactly the tlie sumo as that of tlie real cow, aud has in addition au iron wire which connects will) the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while being milked. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1SS4. It is a cat of pasteboard or tiu lor the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, no that it shines in the dark like a cat of lire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sliei-t iron animal, which is worked 1'V clock-work, and has a bellows inside it which swells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If pro perly set. it will unit a Uuise rqunl to the wildest of midnight cuterwaulers, and it has in addition steel cluivs ami teeib. You wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill everyone iu strikes, 'lliere is a patent mcdiciup here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for prevent ing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent i hens' nests have five or six fulfp rggs glued to their bottoms, and tbe innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which Jets it slide down into a bnx beneath, whereupon tbe trap springs back and the nest is ready for a sccond laying. There is one branch of the Patent Office known as that of cow tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well at cows' tails. Tlie most curious among thero, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjust able false tail for horses. The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be raised or lowered to suit the size of lovers. On the same principle is the adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of pieachere. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher ^ can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. Tbe nose improver is one of the most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it con sists of a metal shell, formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of it inside is that of a per fect nose, aquiline, Roman or Grecian as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. I lie patent states tuat tne nose should be hrst well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be at tached, and the person uting it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At firEt, it ia said, the operation is soine -what painful, but this wears oil' in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume tho beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you get a different style ot improver and come out in a new nope quite different from your last one, but still beautiful, luminous harness has been, patented, so that a hotse being driveu at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous matchboxes, and luaiin ous ghosts to scare away grave robbers, ] After every great grave robbery metal lie colli ns come in l-y the scoifi, and I looked at ono collin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when se'„ in the earth it would bo impossible to move it except by a derrick. 