An Ocean Tragedy, BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXVI. WILFRID'S D-LUSION. Ix was pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which had been slipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving us an average of some seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little in crease of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil ing seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pour ing full upon the starboard bow and we were buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had pene trated these "doldrums," as they are called, I was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not ,only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stern as it had been for weeks; the object of this trip, such as it was, hadbeen schieved; there was nothing more to keep a look-out for; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain: it was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and mademy way to the sparkling breakfast table. I seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, "Is there any chance of Lady Mon ton joining us at table, doyou know I " "I think not, sir," he answered. " Who attends to her-I mean as re gards her meals 7 " "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's orders are that a seperate tray should be pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago." "So I may presume," said I, "that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward 1 " "I was to tellyou, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he ?" "He didn't complain, sir; just said "I'll breakfast in my cabin this morn gl" I "All right," said I, and the man retired. There was nothing unusual in WYilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering; owned reely to whatever troubled him, however rifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came from her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless ngig.t Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmos phere with a flower-like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. "He is well, I hope ?" "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. I'll look in upon him after breakfast. Have you seen Lady Monson this morn ing, " "0No," she answered, "I sent my maid with a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." "Now, bMiss Jennings," said I gently but with some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. You have done your duty; she is on board this yacht; I shall grow fretful if I think you intend to waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heart upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert hature. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through think ing about her." "About her and other things." "Why tease yourself A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act and feel as one. It is indeed a tender word-a sweet relationship. But if a woman coolly cuts all family ties-" She shook her head, smiling. "Your views are too hard, MIr. 3ionson. You would argue of a sister as you would of a wife. We must bear with the shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those we have loved, of those we still love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneeldown in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pended upon our own actions. All of us would feel cut off." -ot all, I thought, looking at her, but sat silent awhile, feeling rebuked. I was a young man then; J crn turn back now, scarred as I am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughltlss days of mine; thatlmowing little or iothing of suffering myself, I kneW little or nothiing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human sympathy. You find mainy corridors in huinan nature whin you enter, but sympathy is the only way in; and to miss that door is merely to go on walkins round the edifice. I ate for a little in silence, and then said, "I suplpose, as you have seen ahmost nothing of your sister. you are unable to fonnu an opinion of her state of min:d ?" "She is naturally of a cold nature," the answered; "dispositions such as hers, 1 think, do not greatly vary, let w'at will happen to them. Though one kanows not what passion, feeling, emotion bay have its fangs buried in such hearts, yot suffering has to pass through too lnany wraps to find expression." f smiled. "Yes," said I, "I know what you mean. She islke apeosonwho cs buried in half- a-dozuen coflins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." "But why did you ask that question, AMr. Monson ?" "Well." said I, "you know that we brried the colonel last night ?" She started. "I did not know I" she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. "We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "Was Henrietta really present? "she exclaimed. "How could she have known-what could the men have thought of her? What madness of bad taste ! " "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, "and when you come to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this ?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present ? " "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; "when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in Iny mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. "I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moon light." "Women who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, "are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, tlhere is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." "KNow if I had said that-" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading out of them, "1 will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, sitting in an easy- chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held the volume close to his face ; his legs were crossed, his feet in slippers, his right hand grasphed his big meerschaum pipe, which was filled with yellow tobacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsome little apart ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, ! hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said I. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though 1" "Not atall," said he, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." "'Why not on deck ?" I answered, sit ting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos phere. *The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler i down here in reality than it is under the I awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke wlhich went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale ; tlhere was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety in his eyes that was new to me; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and sur prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which he was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had made a good meal. His manner was quiet, even subdued; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of tlhe odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast ?" said he. "I don't know, Wilf." "I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home." " And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in him since the hour of our start, "grows so distractingly monotonous after a time, that I can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip has about exlausted my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. Inodded. "How long should the run home occupy us ?" he asked. "Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. He smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, "Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." 1 imagined he referred to hIis wife, and that hle was feeling his way in this round about fashion to talk about hler. "LThere is no necessity to be imprisoned for five wecks," said I. "Your yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embar rassing. So far as I am concerned I am quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Mliss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and symnpathy; I there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors,"I continued, noticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment tlmat was growing upon his face as 1 talked, "Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost arts with him. The crew will takse one long thirsty stare; then turn their quids and give what passes aft no further hoeed whatever." "I don't follow you," he exclaimed, posing his pipe, with his eyes intently fixed on me; "what are you talking 1 about ?" " You were speaking o the tediousness of a five weeka' imprisonment I" "Quite right," said he, "and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." "But, my dear Wilfrid, I was endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessary; in fact, after last night-" But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been present at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. "What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere question of sen sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vation, why not imitate the great Mokanna: "O'er his features hung The Veil, the Silver Veil which he had fung In mercy there to hide from human sight is dazzling brow till men could bear is light" In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be-" He was now gaping at me, and cried out, "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ?" "You 1 " I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you." " But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I looked athim with amazement. "You do not mean to say that you intend to im prison yourself in this cabin till we get home ? " He shook his head. "I don'timprison myself," he answered, "Iam imprisoned." " By whom, pray 1" "Can't you see ?" I ran my eyes round the cabin. " No, no ! " le shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door ?" "How are you to pass through that door?" I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else?" "Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. "Because," ]io answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I amsi too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so disamyed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. "How ever, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the more sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big-and not nlow so big-as not to be able to pass through that door. See ! let me go first; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but heo waved me off with an al most frantic gesture. " My God, man !" he shouted, " what is the use of talking? I could no more get through that door than I could pass through that porthole." "But don't you think we might manage to haul you through ?" said I. "You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. " Sit down, my dear fellow,"he continued, speaking with an almost cheerful note in Iis voice, "it isa verygrave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com modious, and with you and Laura to come and keep mecompany, and with the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," headded, liftinghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pus on, " even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, " I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well," said he, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us ?" I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reason ing with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to remark if lie moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short lie was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs: for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing him pelf to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im mensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though it stood out a considerable dis tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that lie had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking witl him for a long half-hour. He asked no questions about his wife, nor as to the disI:posal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pre ceding day. Yet hlie conversed with perfect rationality; his manners were bland, with something of dignity in tlheir?; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow s craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serene; yet mad as was the notion thlat had now seized hiim, I could not but secretly feel that there was more madness yet ill his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed the light of memory in him had been extinguishled and he was conscious of nothing but what was actually passing before his eyes. 1 held imy peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at asy hour I might find sim on deck and hIis delusion gone. At dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that thelre was somethling wrong with him. She questioned me and I told hier the truth. Her J es filled with sadness. "He grows worse," she said. "I fear he will never recover." "This marriage," I answered, "on top of what was congenital in him, b.as proved too much. Have you seen your sister to-day ?" "No." "Does .she intend to keep her cabin until we reach England ?" "I cannot say. She declines to see me." "'yet she has turned Opp out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side; and both doors within kick of a foot from either threshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind fired with nmtrimonial resolutions I " " Men are fools to get married I " she exclaimed piquantly. "And women ? "said I. " Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. "I don't think," said I, "that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she had served me as she has served her husband, I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, how delightful! Why you hear *of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth ! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands falls to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to tlhe forgetting of all things else." "But, Mr. Monson," cried she, "surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." "Let us pay him a visit," said I. She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as a yacht's stores in those days supplied-figs, nuto, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The westnring sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the t..ble glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white damask and the icy sparkle of crystal, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The humming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaped to gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her I But Mliss Jennings was making her way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner, my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I "athered that he had done exceedingly well. This did not look as though he suspected that eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He had emptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and diegity in his arm-chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. "How d'ye do, Laura, my dear? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi ness coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne; the interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if lie feared she would see something in him to divert her. "'Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, "as if you could get on deck ? " " Oh, certainly not," he answered warmly, "I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily ! Yes, in pieces !" he cried scornfully. "But it is not that you are both blind. Your wish is to humour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar .to grasp his breast with both hands. " Look at these," he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. " It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. HadI increased correspondingly inheight, I should not have been able to stand up right in this cabin," and lie directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran through him. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may suppose, his craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was-in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to be mnade a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete ina jiffy the work that the flames might be dallying with. "You do not inquire after Lady Men son, Wilfrid," said I. Miss Jennings started and stared at me. " Why should I "' he answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its delivery. " No, I fear not," said 1, much em barrassed. "As she oily canmo on board ye"Wella" he exclaimed, finding that I paused. "Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, " It just occurred to me you might have forgotten that she was now one of us, journeying home." "Tuet, tut I" said he, waving his hand at me but-without turning'.his head. '5,Lasiia, you are lookin'6g after her, my dear " " My maid sees that she has all she requires," answered the girl. "She de. clines to have anything to say to me-to meet me-to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, "Can she hear us, do you think?" "No," I exclaimed, "not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on bliss Laura. " My cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, "has on more than one occasion said to me, 'Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do with her?' I have recovered her and now I will tell you my intentions. Laura, you know I adored her." She in clined her head. "What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, "who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon? who should desert the sweetest little infant "-I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes-" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence-who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless ?" his forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glowed under the trembling of the lids. "What is the terms you would apply to such a woman " he continued, now scowling and with an imperious note in his voice. I guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, "Why, omad of course." " ]Mad I " he thundered violently, slap ping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though he would take BMiss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouth hewhispered, "She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. Iy first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind ! " He held his finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chairagain with a face painful with its smile of cunning and tnuniph. I saw that the girl was getting sca:ed; so without ado I dropped out of the bunk. on to my feet. "An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, "in fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Biss Jen nings on deck for a turn, and when I amnt cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-hour before turning in." "All right," he exclaimed. "Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you--hush! Not a word, you understand?" "Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took Miss Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she reeled and would have fallen but for the arm I passed round her. I conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere hero na~i-cdmi paratively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. "It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pres sing her fingers to her eyes and shaking her head. "I should fall crazy myself were I much with him. His sneers, hsis smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his face, too ! The thought of his misery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done lhim--poor Wilf, poor Wilf I " Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When sihe was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to the horizon was clear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of tile ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteor like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eye and resemhled a length of moon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the oceani?ly visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhythmic swinging of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of tihe vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. "Alas," said I, "the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmhned here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Bliss Laura, "on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." "Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea !" I cried. "Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed meteors in any abundance a calm followed, and the duration of tIhe stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. Butwho is that standing aft by the wheel there?" MIy question was heard and answered. "It's me-Capt'n Film, sir." " We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, sir," he answered, slowly coming over to us. "Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breeze to day lasting to draw us out of this here belt. Thesm shooting stars, too, ain't wholesomoe. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down- here. Beg pardon, Mr. MIonson, but how is Sir Wilfrid. sir? Han't seen him on deck all day. I hope his honour's pretty well ? " "Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to thle wcathier rail, somewhat forward, clear of the ears of the helhsman. "Captain," said I, " my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." "Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of conccern?; "L the heat's atrying him, may be." "He refuses to leave hLis cabin," said I, "and why, think you? Because he has got it into his head that he has grown too broad to pass through the dqor, or even to squeeze through that hatch.themre." "GoE bless me I " he exhclaimed, "what a notionto take on. Adyutitain't in't thae first time I've heard of such whims. I was once shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finnr," said Miss Jennings, "that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the hatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." "Won't he make the heffort, miss ?" inquired Finn. I answered "No. He says that it would tear him to pieces to be dragged through." "Then, sir," exclaimed the skipper with energy, "if he says it you may depend upon it he believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous thing that could be tried. It's all the narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon his imagination. Mr. MIonson, sir, I'll tell'eo what once happened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at all. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afeered I would. I recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with. The thought of tnenm knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to timhe door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of my narves that the agony of being dragged past that door would have -been as bad as wrenching me in halves. So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again." " My father knew a rich gentleman in Melbotrne," said Miss Jennings, "who lost his mihld, He believed that he had been chaiged into a cat, and all day long he would sit beside a little crevice in the wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a mouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, my cousin may mend-1 pray God he will do so and soon-" "Amen," quoth Finn in his deepest note-" mean. while," I continued, "I am of opinion that he should be watched." " YoU think so, sir? " he exclaimed. " Shly mlan, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mightydistance," I cried, pointing to the black junction of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean coming to us thence in ink. " Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madnman's act might reduce us to. That is gqotjll. .Lady Monsoi,_.his. young lady and her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." "I agree with you, sir," lie answered thoughtfully, "but-but who's to have the ordering of it "Tain't for the likes of me, sir-" he paused, then added, "iHe's master here 'ee know, sir." "I'll make myself responsible," I ex claimed; " the thotiblb is to have him watched with the delicacy that shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should he put his head out of his berth or quit it- which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of your trustiest seamen." "Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first-class man; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, that you may put your fullest confiderict In." " Then," said I, "1 propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn anid turn about. The stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the moan who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that he mnay command the passage where Sir Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crismp, accord lug as your watch comes round, will see that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to this, Finn. I am satisfied that it is a necessary measure." " I shall have to tell old Jacob thie truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, "anid also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." "By all means," said I, "I'll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." "Ay, ay, sir; that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," I said to Miss Jen nings, " that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question if Finn would do what I want." We fell to pacing the deck. Even as we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there you'd catch sight of the gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a blurnished brow. Thie dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat tering sound of rainidrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, "for a pair of paddle-wheels ! " We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from Uthe gush of lhot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily mielting out into black ungleamoing oil 1 We seated ourselves under the f:auning spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of hIis wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly slidinig into a sentimental mood. MIy companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to the starlight, came very near into courting me into a confession of love. The hlellslnsln was hiddlen from us, we seemed to be floating ailone upon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A sense of ihixpressible remoteness was inspired by the trembling of the lumi naries and the sharp shooting of thl silver meteors as though all the lifo of this vast hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we had come to a pause upon the very verge of creation, wits no other vitality in the misty confines save what the beating of our two hearts put into them. On a sudden she started and said, "Seo I there is my sister." The igure of Lady ?ionson rose, pale and v?iled, out of the companion hatch. She did not observe us, and approached the part of the deck where we were seated courted haply by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about it. I was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the trqLis dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with so clearn suggestion of alamn in her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady Monswn drew close- so close without seeingue lthat I believed she was walking in her sleep, but she caught sight of us then and instantly flung with an expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which sthe paced, going afterwards to the rail and overhanging it, motionless as the quarter boat that hung a little past her. "She frightens me I" whispered Laura;. "ought I to join herI Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterly for her own acts I" "Why should you join her ?. She does not want you. The heat has driven her on deck? and she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Vhy are you afraid of her ? " "Because I am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady HIonson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he dis covered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. "Nigh took the breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper; "actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well, I've arranged every thing, sir, and a lookout'll be established soon arter the cabin light's turned down.' Laura suddenly rose and wished. me good-night. I could see that Lady Mon son's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so I did not press her to stay, though I rememlsur heartily wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Liza PiUbin.. Shle continued to hold her stirles posture at the bulwark rail as though she woere steadily thinking ierself into stone. But for her contemp tuous and insolent stmnner of turning from us I believe I should have found slpirit enough to attempt a conversation with lier. It was not until four bells that she rose suddenly frome her inclined atti tude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream-like flush, 1 perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the comspanion and- disappeared. Was it remorse work ing in lher, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of her child ? - Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black, vaporous-lookile' surface that our keel was scarce now: wrinkling than to penetrate the ;cre?t ,f Hall-schour lati71i.uitt? ? tbs deec,: and as I. passed trough the Zbinu nodied to Cutbill, who sat awkwardly and with a higlily embarrassed air with -.bis b:ck upon the cabin table, comnelsding the after cabins--a huge salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTER XXVII. A DEX D CA.L. I w.is up and about a great deal during the hight. It was not only that the heat murdered sleep ; there was something so ominous in the profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that thd mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, inonmmunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant; in African and West -Indian waters Ilad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation over and over again. One calms I remember, came very close to realising Coleridge's description, or rather the description that the poet borrowed from the narratlve of old Sir Richard Hawkins preserved in the foxed and faded pages of the Rev. Samuel Pureshas. The water looked to be full of wr;ggling fiery creatures burning in a multitude of colours till the surface of the sea re sembled a vast, ghastly prism reflecting the lights of some hellish principality, deoop sunk in the dark brine. But I never recollect the ocean until this night as with out some faint heave of swell; yet, after the weak draught of air had utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as stirless as the sur face of a summer lake. There was not tihe lightest movement to awaken an echo in her fraiue, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dim mest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of such a hush as this at sea is en describable. On shore, deep in the country, far distant from all hum of life, the stillness of night is a desired and familiar condition of darkness; it soothes to rest; whatever vexes it is a violence: the sweeping of a gale through hissing and roaring trees, the thunder of wind ill the chimney, the lashing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt of lightning to whose hue the bedrooms glances in blood to the eye of its disturbed occupant t; all this brings with it an element of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of nature almost. But at sea it is the other way about. 'Tis the dead cahn that is unnatural. It is as though the mighty forces of hleaven and ocean hlad lor tentously sucked in their Ibreathl in antici pation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior fills his lungs to the full, and then holds his wind whilst hle waits the cry of charge. I tried to sleep, but could not, and hearing one o'clock struck on the fore castle, dropped out of my bunk for ten minsutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat withl his back against tihe table; the small flame of the lamp that hlung with out the least vibration frome tile cabinl ceiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coated hIis face as though oil lhad been thrown upoln him. I said softly, pausing a smomenst to address heim: "A wonder fully still niglht, Cutlsill." "1Never remember the like of it, sir," hlie answered hn a whisper that had a note of strangling in it, witlh hIis effort to sub due hIis natural tempestuous utterance. "All quiet aft ?" "As a graveyard, sir." "eIn case Sir Wilfrid Monson should look out and see you, wlhat excuse for being here has Captain Finn provided you with 1" "I'm supposed to be watchilng the bnayrometer, sir. If Sir Wilfrid steps out I'm to seem to be peering hard ast tlamt there meercury, then to go on deck as if I'd got something to report." "0l, thlat'll do, I dare say," 1 ex claimed. "Helu may wonder, but that must n.ot.signify. Heaven grant, Cutbill, that I am unnecessarly nervous; but e'reo a middling full ship; i is hUe rihtle soft of nighlt, too, to make one feel thes hugeneesa of tUe oceaen seed the helpiless ness of sailors when deprived of their little machinery for fightingit ; and what I say is a misgiving under such circum stances ought to serve us as a conviction -so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is goingto happen, I dare say ; but our business is to contrive that nothing .haoll happen." The huge fellow lifted his enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her reflection lay upon the sea like a league long fallen column of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft. Not a wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light : not the most fairy- like undulation of water put an instant's warping, for the space of a loot, into it. I set the main mast head by a star and watched it, and the trembling, greenish, lovely point of radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line with the truck as though it were some little crystal lamp fixed to an iron spike up there. I spied Jacob Crimp near the wheel, but I had come up to breathe and not to talk. I desired to coax a sleepy humour into me and guessed that that end would be defeated by a chat with the surly little sailor, with whom I rarely exchanged'a fwc sentences without finding myself < ifting into an argument. So I lay over Srail striving to cool my hot face with .A:e breath off the surface of the black -ofomund that lay like a sheet of dark, Lllgleaming mirror beneath. On a sudden I heard a great sigh out in the gloom. It -'s as though some slumbering giant had f'tched a long, deep, tremulous breath in dreamn. I started, for it had sounded -:ose, and I looked alongthe obscure deck f''ard as if, forsooth, there was any 'ailor on board whose respiration could .se to sucha note as fia! In a moment spied a block of blackness slowly melt :_ out like a dye of ink upon the indigo 'the water with the faint flash of moon. -: t ofthe wet round of it. A grmpus! tiought I; and stared about me for :"thers, but no more showed, and the pro ~igious iidnight hush seemed to float losn ga-in from the stars like a sensible '5aeit with one wide ripple from where ~.s great fish had sunk, creeping like a sine of oil to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. This grave-like repose lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, awakened by the light of the newly risen sun, I mounted to the deck, I found the ocean stretched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening down and merged into the ocean line so that yut couldn't see where the horizon was, save just under the sun where the head of the misty white sparkle in the 5rater defined the junction. It baffled and bothered the sight to look into the distance, so vaporous and heavy it all was, with a dull blue gleam here and there upon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist. and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the calsn past the mixture of hazy light and hues where sea and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I're heard of nothen to the contrairy. Her ledship came on deck during the middle watch and had a bit of a yarn with me." ""Indeed I" said I. "Yes, she scared me into a rerlar clam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a darkness out under the moon as if a breath of wind were coming along, and a woice ast behind me says: 'What's your namel' sigh hand tarned my hair white to see her, so quiet she came and her eyes like corposants." "What did she talk about?" said I in a careless way: "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in " . ` T :- ,r. ^ -.murder meing dcs.e.'mysl Mnrdcr2 .a:,s rhe. Yes, says T, 'and to prewent this wessel fr,:: bsing -et on fia and blo'r. to re-,:; blazes,' s?ys I, 'for Gd nosc ,' s.s 1, :trayv for.ld?s.' Vsa's a:oin: , .iJ' sr.-s she-; so I jLt tord hr a.t -r i Wi'rid had been took a cero. n.i i:a" t he o-e: ;" .aome ou -rcrrd :h.t te bin i was to be watce.:.L "What did s~ e say to that?" I ex dcimed. "Why,;walk-ed to 'tother side of the deck and sot down and remained an hour, till I reckoned that when she went below she must ha' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. " What do you think of the weather, ?Lr. Crimp " "It's agin. nature," he answered. "i Like lying off ?lackwall for smoothness Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agin nature ever do whether its weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with height legs." "I wish you were a magician," mrid I, "I'd tasselyour handkerchief for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the first of a long succession, I fear." At breakfast I told Miss Laura of Lady 3Monson's visit on deck in the middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement to her. "It was a mighty dose of truth to administer," said L "She will pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, with her husband sleeping right abreast of her cabin and armed, as she must know." " Has he those pistols ?" she asked. "Yes," I answered, "I gave the case to one of the stewards to return to him, and now I am sorry I did so." "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not envy her in her loneliness. Why should she refuse to see mel I easily under stand her objection to showing herself on deck by dalight; but I am her sister; I could sit with her; I could be company forher, win herperhaps," she said with a wistful look, "to something like a gentle mood." She sighed deeply and eontinued: "Wilfrid scared me yesterday. -here was that in his face which shocked ae, but Icould not explain what it was. jet I .am not the least bit afraid hlie will Ismmit anydeed of violence. Let him It twenty times madder than he now is, his heart is so tender, his spirit so boy -ke, pure, honourable, there is so much S-f sweetness and afecticm in Iris nature St~ha I am certain his cruellest delirium \--ould be tcnmpered by his quslities." I was grateful to her for thus speaking ,: my poor cousin, but I could not agree -iti? her. The nualities she pinned her :;ithl to had sufficred him at all events to csoot Colonel Hope-Kennedy and to make : othia; of the manS ddeath. Yet, thought . looking at her, seeing how this sweet i-ttlecrescture values, and to a large extent Snderstands him. wilt devil's influence was Upils the lvsini. large-hearted, child like man when he chose tie ofler one for his wife ? Dut, folnd of him and sorry for him as I was. I could not have wished it otherwisc-for my sake at all events; ehos h on her la rt it would hasre made her "' her htdvshlip " and f,,uud Iher a hus band whlste bcmin I don't doubt might year by) year Ihave .rwn stronger ill the cheerful and fructifvintg light of lher cordial, symlathetic., rIlad(ialt character. I looked in upon him after breakfast. Miss L'simr wishied to accomlpany ime, but I aldvised her to delay Iher visit until I had ascertained for mys-lIf Ihow ihe did. He was lying in his tunk. a lare pipe in hIis mouth, atwhlich he Iulfed so heartily that his oabin s-as dim with tobacco smoke. His check was supported by his e!bou and his eyes fixed upotn his watchl, a superb gold tiLmekaeepcr tcit di:gled at the ex tremity of a heasy chain Litched to a little Alnsk screwed into the dcck over hIis head. (I: the btck of this watch were his initials set in briliantts. a:-d t.;cse "ems made tihe golden circle showr like a little body of light as it hung motioinless before his nrent eaze. lie .id not tuni his head rhen I opened the door, then lookied at. me in an abhsent-milsed w'-y wleis I was .irl- entered. It "A i!" he exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit with me awhile last night." "I did, but the heat below was .un endurable. It is no better now. The temperature of this cabin must be pro digious. What calculations are you making ?" said I. "None," he answered. "I have slung the watch to observe if there is any move ment in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of course ? " he said, suddenly looking at me. "Ihope so,"said I. "Afloat ? Why what do you suppose, Wilf l That we've gone to the bottom?" "It would be all one for me," he answered with a deep sigh, and then applying himself to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. Ie clouded the air with tobacco smoke and said: "I am heartily weary of life l" "And why? " cried I : " because we are in a dead calm with the equator close aboard. The very deep is rotting? A calm of this kind penetrates through the pores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction. Being younger thanyou, Wilf, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary of life and desire to die." "It is easily managed," said he. "Yes," cried I, startled, "no doubt. But the weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco smoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," saYI he, puffing and dropping his words alternately with the clouds he expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixed upon his watch, - that, spite of the arguments of the divines, life is a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is invariably com pensative. We are brought into. this world without our knowledge and there fore, of course, without our consent, d'ye see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon me, "and by way of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with it." "I say, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equi noctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance un fold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, whowhistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tellme now-about this cabin door of yours. "'Iy dear fellow, it must be big enough this morn ing to enable you to pass through; so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid 7?" "Danm it, how blind you are'-" he exclaimed. " No, i'm not," said I. "D'ye mean to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met?" " What now, Wilfrid ? " "What now?" he shouted. "Why, man, I can't stand upright" " Why not' " I asked. "Becaume i'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a voice of passion and grief. "Pray when did you find that out?" said I. "On rising to dress myself this morn ing,"he answered, "I was obliged to clothe myself in my bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." W.i;, e e?l thought I; God mend hiim w. Rn. Hot as it was, a chill ran thro?:gli ?;; to the crazy, wistful, despair fol loo!: he directed at me, and I was oppre' d for a moment with the same sickness of heart that had visited me during my interview with him on the precoding day. "'4I had resolved to sell thoeride," said he .moumfnlly, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back of him and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now.". I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. "Nonsense 1" I exclaimed. " But I say !es!" he suddenly roared; how the devil else am I to get out of her l" "Oh, I see!" I answered soothingly, " I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you will dwindle to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant constantly with you, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ? " " Why, yes," said he, "no doubt of it. I. am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said I. "Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how rough their manners, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about One or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," he cried. "Gad? after my experiences of Muffin I'd rather he waited upon by the tarriest of tarry tarpaulins tlhn one of your sleek, soft stepping, trained rogues who come and ask you for a situation with an excellent character in one pocket from their lato master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ha, ha, ha!" and here he delivered one of his short roars of laughter. (To be continued.) 