TALE. Dr. Studholme's Dream. Thank Heaven, it is over at last, and all that I have to be thankful for is that the worst has not happened. How it has all come about is still but a confused jumble in my own mind. Only one thing stands out clearly before me, and that is the wretched dream which has been in some mysterious way the cause of all that has followed. Yes, it is as clear to my mind to-day as it was a year ago, when I dreamed it. I can see the bedroom, furnished with every comfort and luxury. The fire burns brightly in the fire place, and two figures—a man and a woman—move about the room. They seem, by their gestures, to be holding an animated discussion. Yet I hear no voice no spoken word. They are evidently uncon- scious of my presence, and I feel an intense longing to let them know I am there and to mediate between them, for I can see clearly that they are engaged is a quarrel. The man stands gazing into the fire, his hands thrust into his pockets, and a horrible nervous twitching about his mouth and brow, which is rendered more disagreeable by the flicker of the firelight. The woman stands at her pier-glass, and I see the reflection of her face therein, lit up by the wax toilet candles. It is a beautiful face, and is rendered more beautiful by the emotion which heaves the bosom of its owner and suffuses her cheeks with the life-blood coursing through her veins. Rich masses of raven-black hair fall around her shoulders, and form a stricking contrast with their alabaster whiteness. The man is tall and rather fair. His fore- head is high and broad, and his whole face of an intellectual and refined cast. His hair and beard are curly and of an Auburn tint. Both man and woman are in evening dress. As I stand gazing first at one and then at the other, the two faces seem to burn their images into my soul. Presently the man turns toward the woman, with a look of fierce anger on his face, and with out-stretched hands evidently addresses some words to her. A look of unutterable scorn comes over her face as she replies, and the next moment, to my unspeakable horror, he grasps her lovely throat in his powerful hands, and I can see that he is choking her ! I strive with all my strength, to speak or move to her assistance, but I am paralyzed. At last, with a fearful effort, I utter a piercing scream, and wake—oh, with what thankful ness !—to find it is but a dream. Yes, only a dream, but differing from all dreams I ever dreamed before in this one respect, that every detail of it—the bedroom, the furniture, the faces of the actors—are as clear as if I had seen them with my bodily eyes but yesternight. Long did the dream haunt me, and I had to summon all my philosophy in order to shake myself free from its morbid influence sufficiently to devote my whole mind to my patients. But the two faces remained clear to my mental vision, and I often speculated upon the chance of my ever seeing their prototypes in the flesh. What I am now going to write is a simple record of facts. I have no intention of pre- tending to explain them. I can see plainly enough how certain links of the chain are connected, but there is one wide gap which baffles explanation. A year had gone by once try dream, and I was attending a conversazione at Guy's Hospital, given to commemorate the opening of the new wing. There was a good display of interesting objects, and especially of microscopes, ex- hibited by one of the principal makers. I had been for some moments peering into one of these, when a gentleman, standing at the next instrument, said, evidently addressing myself : ' Here is a remarkably good specimen of the amoeba, if you are interested in these ex- amples of primitive life.' I raised my head from the microscope I was examining and turned toward the speaker. No sooner had my eyes rested upon his face than I became aware that it was the face of the man in my dream. Yes, in every detail the same ! I was so staggered by this discovery that I stood rudely staring in his face, until he said, politely : ' I beg your pardon. I have disturbed you in your examination of something which per- haps was more interesting to you than this little chap under my glass.' I stammered out some excuse for my rude- ness, bent over his microscope, and duly praised the specimen. This led to a conver- sation, which soon proved that we were both interested in microscopy ; and as we were both alone at the conversazione, we wandered through the wards together and talked ' polly- wogs ' the whole evening. He was a man of considerable culture—a barrister, he told me, but fond of science, particularly of microscopic studies. I hap- pened to have some rather fine specimens of my own, and as every microscopist is ' hail- fellow-well- met, with every other, I asked him to visit me and see my collection. He came, and I returned the visit, which led to a friendship between us and frequent visits to each other's houses. One evening my new acquaintance, whom I will call Hennell, called upon me and said he wished to take me to the house of a friend, a certain West End physician, who, he said, had a magnificent collection of slides. I readily consented and we were soon on our way. Hennell was very communicative as we walked along, and allowed his talk to take a somewhat personal turn, which was unusual with him, as he rarely indulged in anything bordering on egotism. He told me that his visits to Dr. Warren's had an interest in them beside that of ' polly wogs,' as we called our animalculæ, which, in short, was nothing less than love for the physician's daughter, of whom he spoke in the warmest terms of ad- miration. ' My dear Studholme, she is simply perfec- tion in mind and person, as you will readily admit,' said he. I replied that I was quite prepared to see a female paragen, as I knew that he was a man who would not be easily satisfied with a woman. We arrived at Dr. Warren's and by his desire were shown into his study, where we found him already busy selecting some of his choicest specimens for our edification, and we were soon all three deep in the examina- tion of slides and living specimens from the large glass bowl in which the doctor kept his live stock An hour or so passed away, and we were so intent upon our studies that I had not ob- served the entrance of a fourth person until I heard a soft, quiet voice say : ' Good evening, Mr. Hennell ; and, if you are not too deep in the mysteries of rotifera and other dreadful creatures, pray introduce me to your friend.' Hennell rose quickly from his microscope, with heightened colour and extended hand. ' Good evening, Miss Warren. Allow me to introduce to you Dr. Studholme.' Great heavens ! What strange fatality was pursuing me ? Standing before me, sure as death, was the woman of my dream I felt that my heart was standing still and that the blood had left my lips. I could see my own condition reflected in the embarrassment of the young lady before me, and I made a des- perate effort to control myself and go through the formalities of an introduction. The task was rendered more difficult by the knowledge on my part that Hennell's keen eyes were fixed upon both of us and were taking in all that was passing. However, good breeding, of course, prevented his making any remark at the time upon what must have appeared strange behaviour on my part, and Miss Warren speedily recovered her composure and invited us to come and take some refresh- ment. ' My father and I usually dine early in order that he may have a long evening with his microscope, and so we generally have a light supper,' she explained. I found myself seated opposite Miss War- ren at table, and felt the strange fascination of her face—a fascination which owed its power in my case less to her beauty, which, was undoubtedly remarkable, than to the in- sistence of my brain in tracing the likeness between the woman of my dream and the living and breathing woman before me. I glanced from time to time at Hennell, and more than once caught his scrutinizing gaze fixed upon me ere he had time to drop his eyelids, and this increased my embarrass- ment, so that I must have shone but poorly in the conversation which enlivened the supper table and in which Miss Warren took part in a manner which fully justified all that Hennell had said of her mental powers. Supper over, we retired to the Doctor's surgery and had our pipes and some whisky and then bade our host adieu. On our way home Hennell rallied me about my strange behaviour on my introduction to Miss Warren, hinting half jocularly and half tentatively that that was not our first meeting and that I was probably an old ad- mirer of the lady. I tried to enter into his jocular mood, but could not ; my mind would revert to the dream and to its already partial fulfilment, and I asked myself a hundred times whether I ought not to tell Hennell what was passing in my thoughts. Meantime my distracted manner gradually told upon him also, and he became silent as we paced along together. On reaching his chambers I put out my hand and said, ' Good night.' ' Good night, Studholme ; but I am afraid it is rather ' love at first sight ' with you— in which case it is awkward for me—or else Miss Warren has mesmerized you and for- gotten to wake you up again.' I tried to laugh off the impeachment, but there was no general hilarity in my laugh, and Hennell saw that there was none. However, he took no further notice of my mood, and I left him and sought my own house. I am a bachelor and getting well on toward the forties—an age when a man ought to have some judgment, if he is ever to have any ; yet when I sat that night by the fire in my study and puffed hard at that aid to reflection, my pipe, I could not for the life of me determine on any course of action with regard to my friend and his sweetheart. I got down Abercrombie and read his chapter on ' Dreams,' and the strange coin- cidences which sometimes may be traced between the dreams and subsequent events— coincidences which in many cases can be ex- plained by antecedent events, and which in other cases only exist between some of the circumstances of the dream and the facts. Still my mind came beck to the question. How was it that I should see those two faces so clearly in my dream—faces which, to my knowledge, I had never seen before in this world ? And even if I had seen them in the great human tide that surges around us, I must have seen them at separate times. Why, then, should they associate themselves in that horrible fashion in my dream ? And why should I afterward find their possessors already linked by the bond of love, and drawing near to the state which would make the fulfilment of my dream at least a possibility ? A possibility ? nay, a certainty ! whispered some strange voice within me. Good heavens ! what should I do ? If I spoke to Miss Warren of the matter I might awaken in her mind fear and distrust, which would have no more solid a foundation than a foolish dream and a strange coincidence. If I were silent, and by another ' strange coincidence' the dream should be realized to its horrible end, I should stand, in my own eyes, as an accessory before the event. I could see nothing clearly, and, like most men of a contemplative rather than an active cast of mind, I resolved to let matters drift and trust to events to decide my final course of action. Meantime my acquaintance with the Warrens progressed, owing to the persistent invita- tions of the doctor, to spend time with him in his study over the microscope. I saw the approaching fulfilment of Hennell's en- gagement with Miss Warren, and watched carefully the indications of the man's char- acter. He seemed to me to have a generous nature and a well-balanced mind. I managed once or twice to get him to talk about himself, and gave him my opinion of his character and temperament, finishing with a eulogium upon his self-command, instances of which I had seen on more than one occasion in our rambles together. ' My dear fellow,' replied he, ' you have now touched a very weak spot in my nature. ' In the days of my youth, as Father Williams remarks, I was notorious for the violence of my temper, which used to seize me like a whirlwind and whisk me away I scarcely knew whither. Nothing but a certain development of the national faculty and de- votion to patient work at my microscope has enabled to get self-control to be tolerably certain of myself under, at least ordinary provocation. Whether I should still stand firm under extraordinary provocation, Heaven only knows !' This conversation disturbed me greatly. The man was, without doubt, too generous and lofty of mind to commit a deliberate wrong, but, by his own admission, he had a passionate nature which, like a vicious horse might at any moment bolt with his rider and bring disaster either upon himself or another. What other ? Might it not be on the woman of my dream—the woman of his choice, which was one and the same in my mind. Again I debated in my mind whether I should warn this girl and tell her my dream and again I shrank from meddling with other people's affairs ; and lo ! while I hesi- tated, fate sealed the match, and I was called upon to act as ' best man ' to my friend. This constituted me ' the friend of the family,' and I was a constant visitor at their house at Barnes. It was about six months after their marriage that an event occurred which awoke within me once more the horror of my dream. I had dined with Hennell and his wife, and he and I had strolled into the garden to smoke our cigars. ' Come and have a look at the stables, old fellow,' said Hennell leading the way in that direction. As we approached the building we could see a light burning in one of the stables, and could hear a hubbub as if one of the horses were careering about the stable. Hennell and I ran to the window, through which we could see a groom striking one of the horses viciously about the legs with the handle of a stable fork. The mare (which it appears was Hennell'a favourite hack) seemed almost mad with fear and excite- ment. I turned to Hennell, and the sight of his face appalled me, so full of evil passion was it. Without a word he rushed to the stable door, threw it open, and seizing a heavy hunting whip with his right hand and the groom's throat with his left, he rained on his body a shower of blows which curdled my blood to see. At last I sprang forward and seized the whip from behind him as he raised it for further blows, and being myself rather athletic, I managed to relax his grasp of the groom, who fell all of a heap in the corner. Hennell's eyes turned to mine, and the fire in them faded into a hunted look. He shook like a leaf as he stammered forth broken apologies for his violence. ' She is my favourite mare, Studholme, gentle as a child ; and the brute struck her with that thing while she could neither re- taliate nor fly !' ' All right, old fellow. I daresay he has deserved what he has got,' I replied ; ' but do you go into the house and leave him to me.' ' No ; I am a greater fool than he ! I have given way to passion such as no doubt in- fluenced him and I have less excuse—God help me !' and he turned and left the stables with his hands covering his face. I helped the groom to rise, and saw him safely into the servants' quarters, where he would no doubt be attended to by his fellows, and I then sought Hennell in the drawing-room. He was not there; but Mrs. Hennell sat there, some embroidery in her hands and a placid smile on her face. ' Well, have you finished your cigars ; but where is Frank ?' Again that dream forced itself before me, I pictured to myself Hennell grasping the groom's throat, while ten thousand devils looked out from his eyes, and I thought, ' Had it been her throat and no one near to save her ?' Why should I not warn her as to her hus- band's temper, and either tell her my dream, or at last beseech her to guard against arous- ing his passion ? I trembled with excitement but I strove to be calm, and, taking her hand in mine, had just begun my task of telling her of what had passed in the stables when the door opened and Hennell entered. I was in so nervous a state that I have no doubt I looked altogether confused, and Mrs. Hennell herself was agitated by my manner and my opening words, begging her to listen calmly to what I was about to say. Hennell looked keenly at both of us, and said no word, and, after a little forced con- versation between myself and Mrs. Hennell, I begged to be excused and retired to my room, as I was staying with them for the night. I retired to my room, but not to rest. I was too excited to think of sleep, so I drew an easy chair in front of the fire which burned briskly in the grate, and sat down to ponder over the events of the day. I had had a long ride with Hennell during the afternoon, as a special holiday, and I was physically tired, so that nature, aided by the warmth and comfort of the room, asserted her rights, and I fell asleep. How long I slept I do not know, but long enough to dream again the dream of a year ago, and once more I suffered the agony of seeing the man seize the woman by the throat, but this time he suddenly cast her from him, and she fell heavily upon the floor. I heard the sound of her fall, and sprang up, wide awake, and an irresistible impulse moved me to seize the lamp and rush to the land- ing. There I was met face to face by Hennell, and, merciful Heaven ! what a face was his ! It seemed to wear the stamp of years of agony. ' For God's sake, come with me, Studholme —my wife is dying or dead !' were his words as he led me into his bed-room. There, on the floor in front of her toilet table, lay his wife in her dressing-gown, which was open at the breast, and her raven tresses fell in all their glory over her bosom. I knelt beside her and laid my hand on her heart. Thank heaven, it still beat, though her face and lips were ashy pale. As I bent low to see if she breathed, I saw by the light of the toilet-candles three dis- tinct finger marks upon her snow-white throat. It was all true, then he had tried to strangle her. Hennell himself stood in front of the fire in a dazed condition, twining his fingers to- gether like a puzzled child. In a harsh voice I bade him get some brandy, and meantime bathed his wife's forehead with cold water. She was evidently stunned by fall, and must have struck her head against some piece of furniture in falling. There were no real signs of asphyxia, thank heaven ! and I knew she would speedily recover conscious- ness ; so, having administered to her a little of the brandy which Hennell brought, and witnessed the first deep breath which har- binged returning consciousness, I slipped out of the room, whispering to Hennell to come to me for further instructions later on. He came to my room half an hour after, and, in reply to my query as to how fared his wife, he said, in a low, broken voice : ' Better, better, than I deserve—God help me !' and sinking into a chair, gave way to such violent weeping that, in spite of the hardness at my heart just then, I fairly pitied the man. I spoke sharply to him, as he was hysteri- cal, and bade him pull himself together and act the man, but he replied in despair ; ' I am no longer a man. I have laid hands upon a woman, and the noblest and truest woman that ever stepped on God's earth !' He would have told me all there and then, but I would not listen and bade him return to his wife and watch her with care until she slept. Poor devil ; he did watch, as I afterward learned from his wife ; for when she was awakened by the sun streaming through the window-blinds, he was still sitting before the empty fire-place, his face buried in his hands and his elbows resting on his knees. At her first movement (so she told me) he rose from his seat and knelt by her bedside, declaring he would never rise again until he had received pardon, and offering there and then to go away, if she so desired, forever, leaving her the house and grounds and half his fortune. I need scarcely say that he was forgiven and did not go away, and that in truth this strange and violent scene and the bitter repentance which followed on Hennell's part only bound husband and wife in closer ties. I heard the whole story afterward from Hennell's own lips—how that the row with the groom had thrown him entirely off his balance and let loose the demon of passion which had been lorg chained up. One devil lose had brought him another for company viz., jealousy, and he had charged his wife with dishonorable relations with myself. The scorn with which she treated the charge being too proud even to rebut it, had mad- dened him, and he had actually seized her by the throat, when she stepped backward, and her foot catching in her dressing gown, she fell and was stunned by the fall. Thus was my dream realized, realized partly by its own baleful influence upon myself and others ; but there still remains the mystery— why did I see those two faces in my dream ? Why were they associated together in the dream as they were afterward in reality ? I confess it has shaken my scepticism as re- gards the things ' not dreamed of in our phil- osophy.' POURSUIVANT. It is all explained at last, and I can still dispense with the aid of the supernatural. Last night we had gathered together round Hennell's fireside—a motley group of authors, artists, and scientists, such as Mrs. Hennell loved to bring together. The conversation turned on art in general and pictures in particular. ' Did you see Van Hagen's weird exhibi- tion last year ?' asks young Lawrence, the artist. ' There was one ghastly picture of a man strangling a woman in a bedroom. My thoughts at once rushed to Hennell and his wife, and I trembled for the result of the speech, but both husband and wife were calm as a summer's night—they had buried the past forever. ' The only thing in the picture which pleased me,' continued the speaker, ' was the painting of the furniture and surroundings in the room, and the reflection of the woman in a large cheval glass. Hello ! old fellow, get 'em again !' suddenly exclaimed the irre- verent young fellow, addressing myself, and at that moment I caught sight of myself in the mirror of a sideboard ; I was as a man who had seen a ghost. ' Go on,' I cried ; ' describe the picture in detail.' Lawrence did so, and the whole company listened with heightened interest to his description. Then I turned to Hennell and asked : ' Did you visit that exhibition ?' ' Certainly, and Edith with me ; it was shortly after our engagement.' ' And did you see that picture ?' ' We did, undoubtedly ; for I had to drag Edith away from it at last. She seemed fas- cinated by it.' ' What was about the date of your visit to the exhibition ?' ' Well, I happen to know the date exactly as it was the date of our annual dinner at the ——Club. June 27, 18—.' ' Then I have solved the mystery !' I cried with excitement. ' Highly interesting,' quoth Griggs, the theosophist, ' especially if we happened to know what the mystery is !' Thereupon I had to relate the story, the details of which are known to the reader omitting, of course, the strange sequel. ' Very extraordinary !' exclaims Griggs, now serious and on the scent of what he sup- posed a fresh exhibition of things behind the veil, ' and no doubt explicable by occult science.' ' There is a much easier explanation than that, my friend,' I replied. ' I was at that exhibition and stood before that picture long enough to get its details impressed upon my brain. As I turned away Hennell and his lady love, now our honoured and beloved hostess' ' (with a bow to Mrs. Hennell), ' also stood in the front of that picture, and, although then unknown to me their striking and handsome countenances' (with another bow to host and hostess), ' made another, though unconscious, impression on my brain.' ' On your heart, old man,' chimed in the incorrigible Griggs. ' I left the exhibition, and, on reaching home, was called at once to see one of my wealthy patients. I ought to say my one wealthy patient, for such he was at that time. It was a bad case, and I had to sit up with him all night, and for several days I was in constant attendance upon my patient and scarcely had a night's rest. ' Then I got a whole night's rest, and near morning dreamed my dream ; but, owing to the vagaries which the mind plays in dreams, while retaining intact the vision of the room in the picture, I caused the man and wife in the picture to change faces with the lady and gentleman who were looking upon it at the same time as myself.' ' Then Hennell did not murder you, after all, Mrs. Hennell ?' cried Lawrence. ' No, by the grace of God !' replied Hen- nell, with a solemnity only understood by two persons present—his wife and myself. —The Cornhill Magazine. 