; - Sketcher. | ' ? ?? ? ' - -jTWO NIGHTS IN 'BOHEMIA.' .V From LippincotCs Magazine. 1 aria otowna and dethtonea othor queens than thoso 'born ia tho purple.' Lot tho coral of ft cloar, fresh, young voico riso over tlio alalia and echo through tho arohes tho topmoat Rallory in ono of tho opera houses, aud tho sooptro of son,* is tho prizo ofthoaiuyor. But If tho lark rises on tired winsa andji orcdonoo ia lost, tho sooptro is a feathered shaft which will briug it bleeding to tho earth. | Lot twinkling feet como dancing to tho I footlights and poise with jfaultlesa graoo in aoino atatuosquo poso, and tho waving hands may carry away a crown. But if tho archod feot uubond svith suddenpaiu, tho hauds un clasp aud tho y littering baublo ialoat. ios, Paris liJw had, and will havo, many queens — royaltios of tho -_hour, crowned by popular favour — but tho iJoauitful capital has had but ono Bozzacchi. Sho anatohod from tho Plorentinoa tho lovolieat bud of the Tuaoau Cainpagna aud mado it' her broast knot. Ag blossom and flowor it was worn next her heart. , first., -night. .. . , It was a gala-night 4 eliez laBozzjioolii. ?lAU her admirers wero on ahpw. ^ 'In tho anto-ruom, warming hia feot'bytho blazo of th3 rsainous pino-cones — for an afternoon storm has left tho July ovening chilly — is that charming, lazy idler, Ar«6no Housmjo. From bonoathhis silvered locks his bluo oyos gleam with inalioious light as ho tplls to the saturnine Rochobruno tho his tory of ' lhat littlo traitross, hi file. de Vair.1 , 'It is unbelievable, but it ia tnio ; 'sho went back to tho latin quartor with an Ame rican student, a stupid ♦wretoh whoso do grees will all bo taken at the cioseric dedilas. ' ? Kooheburno muttors — ? Thoy havo no hoarts, theso Parisians . hot in Moxico-^— Tho, confidential dis-' elbsuro drops to a discreet undertono. Talking to Madamo Hugaldo, in tho library thero, is Lo Roy, and with him his last oonqueat, or conqueror. Sho was tho wifo of adootor : tho doctor is not dead. but. I by consont, ho cut tho marriage tic aud now wears a monk's gown. ' Thero/in. tho doorway, Is Franchotti— ono of Italy's horoes of *50 — a Tuscan Jew, handsomo, bravo, witty, rich ; tho scalo runs as.tho/wprld writes it. Tho Bozzacahi is his countrywoman, and, liko Franohetti, a lover of tho ninoteonth contury Brutus, ? that dear Garibaldi !' ' - Pranchetti gives tho danxcuse his offering of flowers which grow in tho gardons of their bolovod Tuscan city. As the littlo hands tenderly el^sp the dolicato rstonjs,, tho, beau tiful faco droops over tho odorous blcMaiuB. Did a tear fall, or is it a dowdrop shining on the leaf of that Parma .violet? I cannot seo'; the oyesaro turned away thoy are looking at Franohetti-. 0, beautiful pyo3, ? what aro you saying to your country-man ?' 'Who Imows ? t Just thon a volume of song swept in from tho street, wild ? martial . music, and tho 1 measured, tramp of armed men. Tho wui- I dows were thrown opon, and tho guests were I soon crowded in a dense line of colour alon g the narrow balcony which extended the en tire length of the houso. ' The street was brilliant ' with torohes, hastily lit bonfires, ahd an almost continuous chain of gas-lights. I was assisting at a transformation-scene in the great drama ot tho beautiful city. It was mado more real by tho tudden theatrio effect of tho whito oleotrioradianco whioh at that instant flashed down from tho Arch of Triumph and over Iho Soino from tho heighta cf Pantheon hill and.tho gilded dome of tho Invalides. . By heaven I it was a gallant sight to sco. Artillery, Zouaves, Turcos, dazzling tho eyes of Paris with the wild Eastern pomp of war Cuirassiers, with tho light glinting upon their brass helmets ; Liners, in bluo and' scarlet. From theflowor-povered baloony of tho ad joining house,,' A Berlin !' rang; out in- a woman's sweet treble. Tho rioh contralto voice of Hugaldo echoed it back from ono of tho Boxzaconi'alaco festooned windows ; and then tho shouting people in the, streets and tho throngs upon tho boulevards took up tho' cry. ^ '?'.To Berlin!! answored tho armed men, streamers and lanceB waving in tho air, shokos ana turbaus nodding assont to the yells from tho aido-walk. ] * Partaut pour la Syrio,' clashed the cyin- ; bals, as tho troops marched down tho beauti ful street of tho beautiful city, past tho obe-' lisk.whicli had looked upon tho victor of tho Pyramids, past tho rose gardens of tho Em press, past tho Tuillorios, whoro tho stately Regent, surrounded by beautiful women and brilliant courtiers, waved her whito hand in' salutation. ? Then tho frantic populace* 'drowned the noiso of tho cymbals with a mad roar. ' To Berlin !' shouted tho loitorers in' the gardens, cried tho men in blouses at tho mouths of tho side streets, 'shrieked tho womenand children massed on tho pavement ; and handkerchiefs were waving where ladies and their cavaliors were grouped around the . fountain, snd about tho statues, in tho Place de la Ooncordo. ' n i .Thontho cry of tho night was varied as tho crowd caught another' ohorus-»- 1 Malhour a qui bravo la Franco V v For Franco had gono mad with wild do light as she gathered, her children to tho vin tage of Mars' red wino. Thon tho clash of the cymbals wai lost in tho distance. . . Tho. crowd, whichhad shouted itself hoarso] was breaking into shadowy columns and vanishing likeghostfl. Tho torches wero' burned out, and tho bon fires were dying in littlo gasping bursts of flame. Tho gucsts had loft tho balcony, andHugalde was singing a pulse quickening martial song . in the saloon. . In tho window near rao, shaded by tho laco . drapery, Franohetti was talkinir in murmur ing Tuscan to th« Bozzacchi, whoso pale cheek oaught a wild-ro«o tint as sho listened. I turned from tho lighted windows nnd looked towards the west, where, bentath tho distant constellations, Now Orleans was lying in shadow. Tho splendour of tho Frenoli oapital vanished. Through the f.ir distance I could hear the mocking-birds siugingin the feathory myrtle in a cool dewy gardon no.ir tho grcatrivor. Au old man is dreaming in .tho rustic arbour. A young girl ia leaning from tho eaKcraont, and night and darkness aro lit with tho 6t\rry sploudour of child's eyes. ? v A cynical voico, with'niinoekingyct half-sob ring in it, suddenly sounded iu my ears, and I turned to seo who wassuying — ' '/To dip for the country ' is oasv to say, hero on tho boulevard as tho troops file past, when tho rin*' of tho Chirstmas goblota is hsard through tho laughter and tho gay talk. But I to die for tho country ' is another thing in somo hot Au»ust battle-field, whon tho mitrailleuses aro roaring and. the b-r-r-r of musketry is creeping olosor. Our friends iu thero do not remember tho Prussian artillery and how it cut through tho Austrian ranks at Koniggratz. t ' Gallant fellows aro tho cuirassiers ; but When artillery crashes into a equa-lron it ? breaks a promising cavalry chargo, Mon Dicul If finds them in lino of battle, but it loaves not tlio living land tho ghosts will not como back to us. In hop-gardens and vineyards, man and horse will lio m little crimson |)ools and. foul smells will taint the brcezo of autumn, Iu tho blood-stained and sodden flolds tho grain will onco more ripen, only tho poppies will have a deeper scarlet from ; . the showors with which this year will wash their roots.' Thoro was tho sound of a sweet vcice railing, 'My friends,' and the smiling fuco of Giitteppiua BozzuccUi was looking through tho window. In a momont wo woro 'swopt in tho train of tho dameuso to tho pretty salon whoro Bohemia touohed hands 'with tho groat of Court, Oamp,' and Academy. ? -Early in August wo know that Franco was not gathoring victories. Douay'a division hint been- overwhelmed, end tho pompous Froasaard crushed. ' : Thon camo tho crowning misfortune, MaoMahon was dofoatod ! At first Paris re fused to bclievo that. 4 What I lo Duo do Magenta dofoated by Gormans ? Sa^n'^i / c\st ridicule /' Tlio journals douied, oxolaimed, at tho last when official roporta could no longor bo hold back, admitted a disaster at 'Worth. Littlo by littlo the story was told. Oh, gallant cuirassiers ! The; world, nbvor - taw liereor fight than that .desperato chargo at Reiehehofou, whero your broken squadtons whoro piled in gory mounds on tho fair satian liolds. Botweon raging soba Paris shouted acolaim to tho dead cavalrymen who had saved Mac Mahon'a rotreat, thon sho raved liked Hecuba whon nows oamo from Mara-lo- Touf,' Gravo lotto, andLorr^ino, whoro tho_ koya of tho old oapital had been eivon witi'flolomn show to tho brothor of tho Prussian king. Theory 'To Borlin !' was stifiod in tho bloody throats of tho dea l at 'Worth ; whilo tho Gormans growled, in vengofiil -gutturals, . 'To Paris !-- asHho .Prus9ian,;logions jjuyed . southwards 'aiid westwards from tho*Rnino border. Whon tho sun was sotting .behind ,tho, forosts of Saint-Cloud, on tho evening of tho 1st of Soptembor, overy lounger on tho boulovards, every gamin in tho- street, know that tho French nnd German armies had each other by tho throat at Sedan. Tho defeat had instant' issuo: tho Empiro 'vanished, 'and tho (iovortimdut of tho 'lth of ^September was installed. With tho melancholy days of Novombor camo cold raina to add to tho suffering of tho poor. Night after night Our Lady of Bohemia dines with Giusoppina Bozaaechi. . Troasures of art were 'missing from tho walla and tho cabinets of tho Tuscin. Tho lovely throat of tho danscuM was baro of jowols. Tho shimmer of pearls, tho fifiiliing of diamonds, wero seen no longor; not a bracelot on tho littlo hands or tho rounded arms. Then 'Bohemia' refused to como empty-handed to dine with hor darling. Bohoraian purveyors wero sentto overy qusrtcrof tho beloigured city, and tho fiiid-' ings worebronght to littlo Guiaeppina. Queor dishes wore served to tho guests in that pretty dining-hall, whoro tho scarlot panels in thicr -.ooony frames scom patches of namo when lit by tho yellow glow of wnxen dndlts — for of waxoandles there' Wflsyetstoro. Night after night the wicks burned to tho curved edges of tho crystal bobtchco ; at tho . last faint flicker Bohemia said good-night. Thus the autumn ovening burned out, uutil ono camo which I shall nover forgot. SECOND XIOIIT. It was tho 25th of November. , The .night was damp and muggy. Through tho mist which seemed a drizzle arrested in its fall and upheld by tho steaming vapour ofthosudden thaw, I mado my way, as rapidly as tho sharp twinges of pain in my lamo log per mitted, across the boulevard, through, tho narrow street, to. offer my modest /-Vf-day gift, with my good wishes, to Uiuaoppina Bozzacchi on this evening of tho day of Sainte-Gcnovicve. In a sort of intormitent way the littlo dan sense was a fiercely devout belie ver ; tho attacks though short, wero frequent. With all her Red-Republicanism, sho had not forgotten tho religion of her mother^ Thoro wero rathor comioal outbursts of ortho doxy occasionally in tho little salon — where Bohemain freedom was tho rule — when tho mistress of tho houso tried to enlighten tho unbelieving heathen who would not seo that tho unity of Italy was desirable. Iu the morning of that day the serious fow of Giueoppina's friends accompanied her to the shrine ot hor baptismal saint. . After-thesorvico was ended, 0-^ — - vainly suggested, in his suave, persuading manner, tho nsarness of his quarters, and tho excol lonco of the viandsho would have tho honour to place before his guests. 'No,' sho insisted, she 'must make her sal vation :' we might como to her in the oven- 1 ing, but ^ sho preferred spending tho day alono, visiting a few pensioners. Poor child-! We of Bohemia had learned' how hor jewels had fed tho famishing figur antes and their respeotablo paronts. How beautiful aho looked that night, with tho red Mood burning through tho creamy Ekin! Wo did- not know that tho scarlet of the lips, that tho purplish peachy bloom of the r«unded cheoks. that tho liirlit in tho dopths of tho great brown eyca, was tho intouso colouring of 'fever 'which*, was throbbing a death-inarch in every puHe bcat. Diplomacy, Art, Scienco, Literaturo had gathered to do tho Bozzacchi honour, and to bring tributo. Legitimists wero jostled by Extremists and forgot to tako offence ; Orlcanists and Bonaparliats joined in tho gay duct, of com pliment ; and all cchoed tho ringing laugh of tho dameuse as a mad wag stationed himself at tho door and announced tho arrivals— :? *M. lo Colonel do N— — , witli a guard of honour escorting Bix dozen bottles of Chateau xquem which Hausamann kept for this-' special occasion in tho cellars of tho Hotel' do Ville. Seo! their rich amber is reflected m Guiseppina'fl eyes. .. . ... !! 'M. lo BaTon de' S- — Madamo Chilli. Vino : gar, and tho little Sardines. ' Messieurs L ? ? and L ? ,: of tho Lon don Freo Lances, have tho honour of accom panying a inajestio goose, stuffed with a peck of chestnuts, that Mademoisello may not for got the groves of Italy. 'Madamo Hug.ildo and rieo curry, rioh and full in tho dish as in the voico of tho con tralto who brings tho offering. ' M. lo Duo do T ? , with a roast saddlo of young donkey, at our lady's servico. ' Dr. P ? of . tho , American Ambulanco, with a'salad ho has gathered from beneath tho ramparts, Viider the, very nogos- of Bis-1 : marok's Prussians. * M. Molinari, with Ma'dam'o Macroni and1 her n.ieeo Madomoisello Fromago, from Parma.' Here a motloy company of artists, studonts aud journalists caught tho usher and brought him iu their midst, as they uamo to make their compliments to tho Bozzncchi. Then, as tho rush receded, a single figuro' advanced ; and, looking into Giusoppina's oyos,' I kuew it wasFranohotti with his bas ket of flowers. . 7 Ah ! ' thac I could havo photographed and plionographed tho'faces and tho talk! Tho written words aro such faint echoes of tho mirth and gaiety of tho night. 4 But then, another difficulty, tho talk was not all words: oyes and gestures wero shad ing convocation with light and expression. As forapcn-picturo of that impassioned muso and her changeful face — I daro not attempt tlio impossibility. I can only describe for' yon,..? as woll as words may, tho portrait which Carolua Duran had painted, and. a suddon effect of cross- lights, as I sat in a sholtbred corner, lato in tlio night, next tho easol whioh held tho picture. It was ono of those bizarre and striking contrasts which Duran affocts. Tho danMcuse wes pictured coming through parted curtains of crimson ! SJio was. lifting tho heavy fold asido with ono hand, as tho othor romoved a death's-head mask from her smiling faco. A long bluo domino fell from one baro shoulder, which tho crimson | drapery brought into b-?ld relief, whilo tho lower part of tho figuro was an obsouro aud I shadowy outline. Hugalda was about to sing that mad drink iug-song of liors, which impregnates sound and captures momory. Sho was standing ' boside the Bozzucohi.^ Both wero smiling as thoy hold up foawing glasses of tho.jfljnber wino, striking tho delicto- crystal until it rang out a fit proludo to that carol of Bao chus. In changing tho arrangomont of tho piano somo qno had placed a branch of wax lights upon a littlo braokot of green bronze, just ab6vo tho easel upon which was placed Giu sop^irta's portrait. In tho cross light from thc^chiinnoy-picco tho onrtains of tho picture : took a. ilamo-liko hao which ^absorbed jjlt^. fainter colouring, ' blanching ttio faco to a ghastly pallor .'rtioro terribly real than tho mask whioh seomod'a mockory of coming death. r Involuntarily Ispraug)uptochangotholight. My crutoh caught in tho foot of tho oasel, nnd tho'puituro'ioll with n.»harpt crash. f Hooked at.Gaiaep^iini, who had turned at the sound. ^ For ono momoiit tho real faco had - tho^ same : corpso-liko. pallor -whioli I had aeon .in tho. portrait'; but in*anothorinataut*tlio.red blood camo in a'torrenti.that burnt* out^tho yi-alo- nosa. * ' 'y; ?? J( .? Thon ono of thoso subtlo '-suggestions o ' 8onso, ' that somehow touch - tho ini^or con soiouaneao pf mind, defined, tho ghostly 'chaugo in the piottiro,'- and' the superstition which* had. frightened . GiuBOppina'.- whc^-,it. fell. Tho comiug fato, and tho^mystory of* prophooy*,' wore unveiled in tho eloottic llasli which. enlightened what wo call Soul,, as itk ran through t;ho gamut of tho sonses and tho litilf- Iorgottfen thought storios'.of tlio: brain. Tho picturo wai5,i^m.oyed,ran4tlio B£ng,ba-.* gan. . 1 was ngt' surprised at*-ffe' 'eloso'-Vlieh Dr. P— — 'toubhednriy a'rm-'and motioned rao to the littlo dinin*-roora from whenco tho .'guests'had'gono^^tid.3yj(srp ttyo brokpn ? rem-^ 'nants of tho gay feast gavo weird emphasis to tho words which put my vision of prophesy into visihtaform. ? ?? ., « ... ' Giuseppina has small-pox. ' I havo ques tioned her as best I could without alarming her. Tho fover has had its own way for twenty four hours. The wet day, the ox-v citom'ent, and tho wiilbhavb'beenfataraids'to; tho disease. ' .Sho is half delirioua now. We' must get these pooplo'; away, amd without a. panic, if it bo pos'siblo.. Toll: me, who -will stay? Whom. cap wo trust.?' ! 4 Nono of 'theso women. Madamo'Hiignlgo' would stay, but shohas hor homo-peoplo to think of. . J will bo glad to be of use to you ; aii'd'^o,- will all. the inon»i.oar sot, if you will lottlhem;,', T '' : ' ' Well you must choose. Tho nurso must bo cool headed Und doft-handed, clover and 'careful. I wish thero was a woman of courago and heart here. I would havo moro hopo. Men lack tho sixth sonso, tho intuition that can toll the needs of this nervous child. Can -you think of no ono who would como ?' Yes.' 1 .. v Thore \had flashed across my memory a proud pale faco which I had seen touched with tondorcst pity — tho faco of grande dame as it bent over a cot in a hospital noar by whero a littlo gamin of tho streets was sob bing out his griof at tho loss of his log. Tho child had followed a regiment of 4 Liners' that was in that desperate and gallant fight ' j on the heights of Chatillon which wa3 lost at . I last through a sudden panic. How tho.child. : came to bo thero no ono know. Tho soldiers I saw him first as ho caught a drum from tho stiffening fiugers of a dying drummer and beat tho. advance in their last chargo. So wheu a 'shot struck him tho Liners would ( not leave him to 'the 'merc^ of the enomy. Through a shower of balls they brought him out of tho fight to tho ambulance, whero ho was given into tho still beautiful hands of,, the .proudest lady in Paris, the Countess of Montfort, whoso sons were all dead or pri- . sonera. Her brokon heart was shedding its . bluo blood, drop by drop, in night watches by , the wounded and tho dying. I had gone to tho Couutoss only tho day boforo with lint, linen, and the bouillon into which Glusoppina had molted her pearls. As tho doctor said, 4 a woman of courago and heart,' tho beautiful, bravoly-sufforing faoo of tho desolate mother seemed to look at ? me. . 4 Send.thesa peoplo away. .I-will bo. back in half ah hour with somo ono you can trust.' And I was off to the hospital. Of courso sho came. A woman of lower rank or less heart might have hesitated, might havo measured tho social abyss which lay bst ween, might havo thought of let coil' finances-, but tho Countess of Montfort was above les convenances. Tho panic-striken ro vellera had fled. Lo Baron di S ? , Fran ohetti, the two Englishmen, and a- poor figurante , who- was sobbing bitterly- in- the ante-room, whoro gratitudo to her benofac tress kept her although' sho was in mortal dread of the disease, woro still in tho houso j whorl inorhiiig broke. Tlio yellow haze of tho liaing sun was reilocted in tho half-fillod glasses of amber wine in' whiolr tho guests had been plcdi?inir hoalths when Death's warning,, rang iuV-tho wild . flhriolc of tho ?hmscusc as sho fell senseless at tho foot of Franohetti. Through, tho long hours wo | hoard Giuseppina raving in the room, where I tho doctor and the stately lady were alono with tho dying girl. ? j Tho portieres were pullbd asido, and wb could hear tho story of 'hor life; ' tho story of hor he&rt;, as it was told brokenly in passion ate bursts of sweet Italian — told as some poet of her native land might havo tenanted a ten der sad romance of unrequited love.' ? ? Poor littlfc Giuseppina' ! — if you could have . 8cen: tho faco-of the'-listenor who stood besido ' 'ino,. tho surprise,' tlje pain, tho grief, death, would havo beon sweeter to you than lifo had ever been,. . There was.an^hour, of silonco. Tho light' form wliibh'had tosecd so restlessly was mo-' tionloss. Then we saw the oountoss turn to tho doctor.. Ho camo to tho door. ?'.4Tho countess wislics some onq to go for a priest.' In an instant Frauchetti had gono. As the DUtilightcfllnio over tho walls which bounded the narrow Btreet and flooded tho room with its glancing ray, a soldierlylook ing priest' (whom L had seen'^ aud ? aftpr j wards saw in every battle-field around Paris, I mvincr directions to the. erathorors .of, .the battle-harvoyt) anointed -- the'' brow of1 the] lying girl. , , - Little Giusoppiha's'oyos were fixed on tho. faco of whofie.b./indsho hp|4r Again, wo heard a broken mucchpr* oithftt:sof t Tus can dialect ; but the 'Story was sweotor. . Slio. tajKod of. her iriothe^ of the peaceful life of tho;{)QW»uta, :of . thpi happy.? days i in tho', flowery .Campagna. Tho Bozzacchi was1 onco moro a littlo child. Tlio' voico grow; fainter. Tho dainty hands wero thrown up wards and clasped arouup tho neokof tho lady, who bent a tear-stained faco \o tako: tho kisstho dying girl offered. .. . . (sLh, Madre mia ! Madrv mi a carihima !' Tho words ended in a loiig, ? shuddorii.g ? sigh ;and all -wa& silont, savo tho voico of tho priest as hd^rcpoated tho prayprs for tho dead. '? r 