NELLIE! . CHAPTER VII.-(Continued.) * Tu», 1 believe HO. Nellie asked him the other day- didn't yo«, Nellie V 4 No ; he offered to come himself, and I told him he might.' Sir John makes no farther remark then, but later on, when I am standing in the hall, getting my racquet out of its ease, he comes up to me, and says sternly 4 You might just as well have told me the real reason why you wouldn't drive with me this afternoon. I hate subter- fuges.' . It wasn't a subterfuge !' I retort de fiantly. * Why should you think so ? But Sir John.has gone, and appears no more that afternoon. , I play game after game at tennis till I am weary and footsore ; and Mr. Fontle roy declares I have never played so well, I am in good spirits too, or appear to be, and flirt nnd coquette as never before in tho whole course of my existence I have ever dared to. But my heart is sick and sore, and I would give worlds to lay my weary head and aching limbs in some solitary spot where none could see my agony or know ef my existence. Still, I will not give in. I array my self for dinner in a pretty new dress, which Lady Bourne has given me, place in my bosom the flowers Arthur Fontle roy brought me, and devote myself exclu- sively to him for the remainder of the evening. That night, for the first time since I came from home, I cry myself to sleep. " For men must work and women must ws»p, And the sooner 'tis o-er the sooner to sleep.' The words of the song Mary Dalton sang last night ring in my ears through the silent watches, penetrating even to my dreams, and lam still humming them over to myself as I make my morning toilette before descending to breakfast. A month has passed away in a round of gaiety, chiefly return parties which the Bournes havo been giving ere their depar- ture from Cleve Court : and I have been almost too much occupied therein to be miserable, for at 17 one can thrust dull care aside for the nonce, and be, out- wardly at least, when occasion offers, the kappiest of the happy. But now reaction has set in, and not even the prospect of setting off next week for Paris seems to have the powers to please me. For a crisis in my life has come, and for weal or woe it must be settled to-day. Last night, ero he bade me good-bye, Arthur Fontleroy whispered, 'I must ace you to-morrow, Nellie, and- alone. I have something to say to you.' , His words and manner, his use for th« first time of my christian name, left me no room to doubt what that " something" is, and a ghastly droad of the coming interview makes me feel ns though I wiahed this fair September morning had never come. Had I never Been Sir John Bourne, I will not say but that Arthur Fontleroy might have won my love, for he is good looking, rich, and clever, and has more- over, various good qualities which might render him a kind and indulgent husband. Any girl might feel proud to be chosen by him, and yet I would give all I possess had his choico but fallen on someone ehe. At the same time, I am full of remorse because that, in the soreness of my heart at my own misplaced and unrequited affections, I fear I have unconsciously led him to think I look favorably upon his suit, whereas. I never thought about his caring for me in that way till quite lately -another proof that my step-sisters are right in saying that I am not yet fitted to undertake alone the responsibilities of life. What am I to say to him to-day ? That is the question whicb tortures me. Shall I accept him, knowing that I have no love "to give him, or shall I tell him the truth ? I have not solved the problem when the gong sounds for breakfast, and with a nasty finishing stroke to my toilette, I hurry downstairs. Lady Bourne and her son are already seated at the table, both busy with their letters. The former greets me with an affectionate embrace and the remark that I look as pale as a ghost. Sir John merely bids me good-morning, and is once more engrossed in his correspondence. He looks sad and careworn. Perhaps his letters are bothering bim. I notice he is frowning over them. A letter from Mabel lies beside my plate, and I am just entering with sympathetic glee into her description of a disastrous drive Cynthia has had with Jeremy Didier, when a sudden exclam- ation from Lady Bourne makes both Sir John and me look up quickly. 'Only fancy, John !' she exclaims, ' that absurd Winifred is actually going to marry Lord Curtleigh, after all ! Why, he is old enough to be her grandfather.' * Humph !' he remarks, he has money, though, and a title. You forget that, mother.' Winifred going to married, and not Sir John ! I feel the room going round and round with me, while a little sharp cry leaves my lips. 1 Why, Nellie !' it is Sir John who speaks, 'What is the matter?' «l-l thought I had cut myself-this knife is so sharp,' I answer lamely. ' Silly child !' he remarks, smiling. 'You'll have to look closely after her mother, if she cannot wield her knife and fork without injuring herself. I really think I shall hava to put off my. trip to the Hebrides, and go with you to Paris, after all !" . 4 But-but are you not going, then V To save my life I could not keep the anguish of disappointment out of my voice. 44No," he replies, "I may.join my mother and you later on-it depends on circumstances-but I shall go northwards first.0 41 And must, you really start so soon, John ?" his mother says, rather wistfully. 141 hear so, and-even sooner than I intended,' ia the reply. 'For I haves letter from Ashton, and he wants me to join him the day after to-morrow.' 4 Dear, dear 1 What a pity 1' says his ? mother, then tighe and says no more. I have but an indistinct notion of how I get through the next half-hour. But, thank goodness ! breakfast is over at last, and I have time to think. Like one in a dream I set about my usual little self-imposed tasks, arranging the flowers, setting Lady Bourne's writing table in order, and feeding her large cage full of pet canaries. Then she asks me to answer one or two letters for her, and iu the same absent-minded state of collapse I comply, but twice I have had to re-write * the epistles, and at last Bhe notices my unusual carelesness, and says, kindly ' I am sure you are not feeling well thia morning, Nellie. Never mind the other lettera, they will do another time Run away and get a walk ; the air will do you good. You make me feel quite anxious when yon look so pale as you have don» the last day or two. John has noticed it too. I hope you are not feeling homesick or fretting about anything, dear child?' She looks keenly at me as she speaks, but I do not reply, only shake my head, and, coloring crimson, mutter something about getting more flowers for the dinner table, and hurry from the room. The world seems upside down to-day, and my mind ia chaos. Winifred Wilton's engagement, and not to Sir John, is the hardest to fathom, and yet she told me ehe was going to marry him, while he took the news about her as coolly as though abe was a perfect stranger or chance .oquaintance. Gould she have told me because she boped he would make her an tMfer, and then because he did not do so, accepted the old lord as a consolation ? (Te be Centinued.) 