DEATHI SUPERSTITIONS AND CUSTOMS. " What will become of us when we die P" is a' qaestion thht in all a"es, in all countries and amongst all sorts and condi tions of men, has ever proved of the greatest interest to the human race; and yet of all questions this is perhans one which map is least espqblp of gns~dpring, fo of thep uture astqte h knows, in fact, absolutely nothing. That tbhere is some Futtrs stte--'t least for q fayopre{ few, if nqt fop ql--and that our eaistenco is by no means ended when we segse to live in the flesh, is a belief held by seost of us and on this partipolar point, at any rate, mnkind with comparatively few exceptions may be said on the whole to agree unanimously, however an tagonistio the ideas of individuals may be in most other respects. But when itcomes to a conception of what the next world is like, and the condition we may expect to enjoy in it, there in at onsiderab'e diversity of opinion. Christians believe in Heaven and hell-so do many who are not a Christians. That the good sooner or later c go to Heaven, and the wicked ones ilso- e where, in also a point that is generally admitted; but unfortunately the ideas s to what constitutes good or evil do not t appear to be by any means universally o identical, and at best vary munin according u to one's lights and the power lof the law t to punish these whom it may proclaim n evildoers. .l'hus, in the good old days c of the Inquisition, adherents to the Church 8 of Rome no doubt felt that it was really o and truly an act of piety to burn heretics; v modern Christians, on the contrary, tenoh o us to forgive our enemies and love them v as ourselves; and the nobloe avage, in the d simplicity of his heart, considers his good ri deeds proportionate to the number of o] enemies whom lie has slain, tas testified by tl their scalps which adorn his wigwatm. cr The natives of Dahomey believe in the in immnortality of the soul, and that aian's e. condition in the next wvorld is similar to p: that enjoyed by him upon earth, pt the only difference being the eternal 1' character of the future state. Good as deeds they imagino are rowardod, and bad Ihr ones punished during one's lifetime, and un not hereafter. They suppose, too, that de after death a man's spirit is joined by hiis r body in the next world. If his deeds upon earth have been good his old body is mlno gi use oft but if they have been bad it is lih destroyed and a fresh one created for the tit accoltmmodation of his soul. co It is curious to note that through all ages when death is spoken of, we find an endea- by votir made to hide its grim reality by the ch use of a softer nume. Thus it is frequently di referred to as " sleeoop," "departure," or st " eternal rest." Among the Greeks sudden sy death of men was attributed to Apollo, yt and of women to liana. As a rule, un- fi civilised races bury with their dead sulch ( articles su they supposo the departed spirit to may find it necessary to take into the next cc world. lThus various wepotns and im- at plements are often buried with a corpso- Lit although these are in some cases pur- cc posely damaged in order that they may os not excite the cupidity of the irreverent- to and in imany cases it is customary at the ie death of a great man to slay a number tiy of his wives, slaves, and cattle for his on use hereafter. lBefore interment the Greeks placed in the amouth of a corpse a slt piece of money, together with a special of kind of cake, the former being Charon's TI fare for ferrying across the Styx, and the by latter to propitiate Cerebus, the gate- rh keeper of lades. The idea of the soul vo having to cross a river on its journey to co the land of the departed spirits is of much of greater antiquity' than the Greeks or gr IRomanns, and may ihe traced back to the mi early Aryan Mlythology. Possibly it may so have originated in a fanciid rtsemblanco in of the Milky Way to a river flowing acroes be the sky, which river would have to be Cs crossed in order to reach the region beyond so the stars, wheoreo eaven was supposed to mi be situated. In Greece the obsequies of' on the daod were in ancient times considered most important, for it was supposed that, is without interment of the body, tlse soul an could not at once enter Pluto's dominions, wi but would be forced to wander ra miserably about for a hundred years, - enless in the meantinme a proper liI burial should take place. Thus, ill some extreme casesof vengeance or punish- iS meot carried beyond the grave, we find io records of the body being thrown to the fi beasts and birds of prey instead of being oi honoured with the usual funeral rites. Those personsewho were struck bylightningheing at regardedits thoobjectsof divine vrrath,woro, tv some writers suppose, left unburied on the N spot where they had fallen. At any rate, Ill even where interment took place, thb body oe was buried apart from the rest of the com rmunity. The melanuclholy fate of. those who did not enjoy proper burial naturally caused death by drowning to be regarded with great horror. When the body could not be recovered, however, an endeavour was sometimes made to mitigate the suffering of the deceased by erecting a it tomb to Ins memory and thrice calling O ths wandering soul to the abode prepared i for it. Sosme tribes of North American of Indians consider it very unlucky to mention hi a dead person by name. By most of them, Is too, a corpse is regarded with more or less 81 horror, and is consequently squeezed with I1i as little delay no possible into the box 1s which does duty for a coffin. These boxes, we may add, instead of being buried in tihe earth, are in some localities frequently e placed up in trees. tI In Greece the practice of burying the II dead in their native hland was followed as at far as possible, and accordingly the ashes tl of those who died abroad were usually con- di voyed to the mother country for interment. a With tihe ancient Greeks, as with orsoelves, e it was customary toclosethe eyes andmouthi u of a corpse, and when laid out the body was washed by tihe women. The final ablution, however, was sometimes per. formed before death. Thus, Soerites is said to have wiashed himself beforehand, at in order that the women might be saved rv the trouble after his decease. There is a ri MaIux superstition that. if the knots of ai e' slroud are not untied before the coffin lid ' is finally screwed down the restless ghost 0 of tihe deceased will wander about at large, which contingency, lot us hope, d is carefully guarded against, for in s all probability the Manx folik are not b more partial than other people to visits el from denizens of another world, and it I cannot be denied that, however great one's affection may be for a deceased relative or friend, one does not usually feel any very great desire to have the disembodied spirit I, of the latter hovering around, and unex pectedly turning up at a late hour in lonely places. There is, we believe, a superstition o in Islay tlnt the last persen buried in a churchyard has to keep watch over the spot until relieved by the next comer. In the north one may still find superstitious people who during a funeral open all the windows of the house in order that free egress may be allowed the spirit of the deceased whiics is supposed to hIover near the corpse until after burial. In some parts of the country it is customary at a death to informs the bees of the calamity, or to put their hives in mourning with black crape, it being sup posed that othlerwise tie bees might desert their owners. As most of ourreaders canl no doubt:call to mind, Clharles Dickons, in t' hIis "DI)avid Copperfield," introduces the superstition that a man will not die os the tide is rising, buttilat lie goes out withl the I tide. Thin reminds us of ?he popular j beliefin somucountryplaces tlt shtnakes, however much theyy may be mutilated, ecq- H not die until sintlot. Wc might a so i meltion thi ancient saiperstition that man osould not resign hIis lifo to thie Deities (1 of the Infernal RIegions until some of hIis hair had been cut oilff. It is not a light matter for the living when a Negrillo warrior "shulles oiff these mortal coils," for in order to soothe hIis troubled spirit the friends of the deceased consider itth k correct thing on such ai nocicslpu to go forth and hill mesone, Of course they 0 endeavour to avail themselves of this opportunity for wiping out an onemuy if they can flnd onei but failing that, they relieve their feelings by slaying the first un luckymortal whom fate throws in their way. A belief in thIe transmigration of soule is I tolerably universal, and according to the I North American Indians the spirits of the 1 departed generally enter birds--owls being Sparticularly favoured inthis respect. T'he Kafflrs suppose that when the dead visit Sthe living they generally eptectho bodiesof snkep of lihards for that purpose, althoungh sheep and many other kinds of animals mayy sometimes be made use of. One writer whoi favours the doctrine' of tle transmigra tion of souls ingeniously argues in support of his opinions that it is only Fecaunablei and just to suptons hathat the souls of the wicked enter tholl'hodieo of animals in order that' they may bo auitably punished for the sins cummitted during their former state; and this, Ihe suggests, ouet te tihe reiion that so many innocent creaoures are lIer 1 mitted to qt?oiogq toetures and sffocrings Swich are tpparontly undeserved by thkbi. -London 'tandCri. 