THE BiftCKilBERS OR Slave Trading Under The Union Jack. BY GILBERT BISHOP. [ Published by tlie special permission of Edwards, Duni.op & Cio., Limited, Sydney, Brisbane arid London.] CHAPTER NXXV. CONFRONTED. 'Well, you needn't make such a fuss; neither of us will have it,' coolly rejoined Snnpc. ' Y'ou'U have to answer for obtaining that money Irom Messrs. Bannatyne and Fletcher by false protenccs,' exclaimed Harry, incensed at the rascal's impudence. 'That's if they can catch me,' returned Snape, with .a cunning leer. ' With what we'vogot out '.of. this wreck we shall beiable to settle down/quite respectable somewhere else than in Australia.' ' But it's robbery for- you to take anything from this wreck,' cried Harry, his anger in creasing. . ' No more robbery for me : than it was for Captain Birtle,' retorted Snape. ' You .didn't call it robbery when you thought of getting it yourselves.' ?' Look here, Mr. Snape,' interposed Mark ; 'the money paid for the charter of tlie brig was our money, so wo lay claim to the brig.' 'Claim away, my hearties,' cried Snnpc, derisively ; 'but, claiming won't get her, and,' — he continued,: with a ring of triumph in his voice — 'in less than a week I'll have cleared out this old hull, and then I'll np anchor and make tracks for a comfortable little place I know of, with enough money in my pocket to lie honest and respectable for 1 he remainder of my days,' ; 'How did you get here?' inquired Mudge, addressing the brothers, feeling uncomfortable at being so; completely ignored, but . having nothing more original to say. : : ' Mind your own business,', retorted Harry. ' YVo've had more than enough of vour question ing. . .Your trouble, will be how to get away.' While the brothers were wrangling with Snape and Mudge, Gridlcy , had . been closely watching the proceedings of the natives of the other parly.. Two of them had been engaged diving, but. nothing could be seen in the boats or canoes of nny partieular value. Addressing one of the divers in his own lan guage, tlie storekeeper inquired what they were doing with the wreclL To which tlie native replied that they were trying to remove tlie dcick timbers. , Gridley then noticed for the first time a chain hanging over' tlie stern of Mridgc's boat, and lie surmised this had, a hook attached to it, with which it was intended to tear up the deck planks. , ' Speaking again to the (liver, he inquired whether they liad obtairied 'much from the wreck, and the native answered that a great .many things had beeii. recovered and that they : had all been taken t,o the ' big caiioe,' mcari ing the brig. ? ' . ? Snape, however, though 'he could not under-, stand' what had been ..said, objected to the storekeeper conversing with ' the diver, and ordered the native hot to reply to any further questions. But Gridley had learnt as : much as he eared to know, so turning to the brothers lie suggested that they should return to FTapuka. Mark and Harry assented, the storekeeper ordered the islanders , to turn the canoe towards home. Snape watched their movements very sus piciously, and when ho saw them start north wards at a rapid rate lie excitedly .commanded his meii to follow. ; ? The blamecl cuss is chasm' its,' ? exclaimed GricUey, when lie saw, tho boats and canoes leaving the wreck ; 'what's his little game, I. wonder ?' ' Perhaps he thinks we're going to overhaul the brig,' suggested Mark. That's about.4 it,' said Gridley..' ' YVaal; I reckon we'll give him a bit of a scare. . Our men's pretty' fresh, an' kin easily keep the lead o' theni fellers.' And the idea expanding as ? lie' spoke, he exclaimed, ' By the stars an' bars ! We'll run slick fer Kanaputa, an'' if Ave git tlie ghost of a chance, we'll collar the ship. What d'yorsay? Isita.go?' _ Mark at first demurred, but gave in . when Harry reminded him that he had said to' Snape that, the brig having been chartered with their money, really belonged to theni. Gridley had scarcely waited for the brothers to assent to his proposition ere lie urged, the natives to show how they could paddle,1 promis ing fliem a stick of tobacco each if they dis tanced their pursers. The islanders, who thoroughly enjoy sueli contests, fully' entered into the spirit of the affair, though they 'eoulcl not understand what it meant. Swiftly and lightly the Napitkan canoe skimmed over the calm waters of the lagoon, leaving far astern the' Mat'uko criift, that had clumsy outriggers ; but the two: boats with Four rowers each were not to be easily shaken oil'. ' ' Mile followed mile, and still the exciting race continued, the boats maintaining, the dis tance tliat separated thein from the Naptikan ' canoe. 'The natives had probably never before been called upon to make susli a sustained elfort, and tlie strain began to tell upon them. By-and-bye, in spite of Gridley's threats and exhortations, the boats crept up foot by ,foot until the brothers abandoned all hope of gain ing the brig. But the pace was telling, upon, tlio boat's crews also, and tho canoo once more held its own and then oven gained ii little upon, its pursuers. ' At last the narrow ..channel leading into the bay at Kanaputa could be seen, and the store keeper encouraged the islanders to put forth ii final ell'ort. . The men responded spiritedly, and away boUndud the canoe, as if it possessed life. The channel was entered and the boats were hidden behind the point, but before the canoe could. traverso the channel and turn into the bay, the leading boat, steered by Snape, ap peared round the point, and immediately the eliffs resounded with a loud report. ' Joc-rusnlem !'. exclaimed Gridley ; 'tho critter's drawing a bead on us. Sakcs alive! He never reckons on dropping one of us at that range.' ? But the reason Snape had for firing the shot soon became obvious. It was intended to put those in charge of the. brig upon their guard ; and when, tlio .'.canoe arrived abreast of the little vessel the brothers saw four men with rillos ready to. receive them if they attempted to board her. Tlie word was, therefore,, given to the islanders to paddle ahead ; hut before the canoe passed out throng tho natural' nvehwny derisive cheers caino over the still waters from the boats' crews, to which Gridley responded by shaking his fist towards the brig and exclnim ing: ' All, yer tarnation cusses, it's your turn to crow now, but before long I guess we'll have the rooster on our side of (ho hedge.' CHAPTER XXXVI. THE IVANDKHKn'S IlKTUllX. Xapuka was in a state of commotion when the canoe reached the landing-place. The great drum was being beaten, and shouts and screams could be heard even before the village came into view. The islanders who were paddling became intensely excited, and strained every muscle to increase tlie speed of the canoe; for to them the noises were significant of a pleasurable event, and tlicy wore impatient to learn the occasion of tlie rejoicing and eager to participate in tlie general jubilation. Scarcely pausing to haul tlie canoe up on the. beach, away the natives dashed into the village, while Gridley, almost equally excited, calling to the brothers to follow him, ran off in the same direction. A strange spectacle greeted their eyes as 'they gained the level of the plateau on which the village stood. On the platform in front of the ofilait sat Birara, with his wives clustered behind hint, while, by his side stood Ivoroko. In tlio 'midst: of a circle formed of old men, women, and children, h large number of war riors were dancing to the ''niusic of the drum and soveral Pandean pipes of different sizes, both dancers and spectators singing spiritedly a quaint, oddly-syncopated native air. ' Koroko quickly observed Mark and Harry, when, in violation of every ordinance of Solomon Island etiquette, he left his place by Birara's side, and ran to greet his white friends, and conducted them to the platform, where lie spread mats for them to sit on' not far from the old chief. The dance was a peculiar performance. In the midst of the circle a triangular-shaped body of. men moved with the exactitude of clockwork, advanced and retreated, swayed first to one side and then to the other, bent forward and then backward, thrust out the right arm and afterwards the left, and wriggled the body into all sorts of strange postures, the dancers all the while raising their feet alternately and marking the most perfect time, strings of dry nutshells tied round the ankles emitting a strange sneeze-like noise as the feet touched the ground. Every gesture had evidently been perfected by repeated rehearsals, and each evo lution was performed with such precision as could only be attained after prolonged and patient drilling. The general effect was ex tremely fantastic, and as the changes of both music arid motion were frequent and often sur prising, the brothers found the entertainment neither monotonous nor wearisome, though it continued with brief intermission for several hours. Towards sundown the preparations for a great feast were commenced, and Koroko seized the opportunity and presented Mark and Harry to Birara, who, as the brothers had sur mised, proved to be Koroko's father. , The old chief was profuse in his expressions of gratitude, especially to Harry, for having enabled his soti to escape front the schooner, and lie offered tho brothers the services of his . whole tribe, and promised to do everything they required oF him without further payment. ' Waal, pardners,'' said. Gridley, when they liad returned to the store, ' I reckon we've scored some ter-day.' ; ' How is that, Mr. Gridley ?' inquired Mark; ' It seems to me we've lmd all our trouble for nothing.' ' Come, don't be downhearted* mister. I allow that things never looked rosier.' . 'But how do you make 'Hint out ?' said Mark rather testily. 5 'YVIiy it'secms this yoitng chief is a friend ofyourn, and as Birara's kinder going ter take a, back soatso's to make this ycr Koroko boss of 'the tribe'! J*?r j(ra¥-ab(iut;. right ini IK 'TorTI; hev the materials ferassweetan army as yer could dee-sire, and yer'll be able ter jest about knock spots offin that yer Snape whenever ycrderncd please.' (To he continued.) 