Rowing and Sailing Notes. Sir William Clarke's well-known yacht cruises round Tasmania c uring tho Christmas holiánys. Entries for tho Watson * Bay New Year's Regatta close this evening. It promises to be a good one, and is certain to attraot a largo number of visitors. The Amateur Outrigger Raoo which waa to have been rowed over the champion course on Saturday afternoon, between Mesara. Sharland, Ruwald, and M'Crae, has been postponed for a wee k. A match in outriggers for ¿650 a-side has been made at Grafton, between J. Malone, of tho Richmond River, and Will Rush, of Grafton. Both youths aro about 17 ycarB of age, and Rush is tho son of Mr. Michaol Rush, formerly a well-known professional oarsman, and has therefore had a good tutor. The race is to take place on Easter Tuesday over the Grafton aquatic course. Rush is a strapping young fellow, although not quite so heavy as Malone, and ia much fancied as á coming oarsman of great Eromiso. Tho Grafton annual regatta will probably o held on Easter Tuesday, and the principal race will bo an all-comers in outriggers for ¿£50. C. Dutch and C. Stepheneon have again been matched for ¿850 a-side, to como off over the cham pion course on January 2, and George Bubear and 0, Stephenson havt also signed articles for a race over the ohumpinn course for ¿8100 a-side to como off on Janue :y 14. JohnM'Lean, the champion Bculler of tho world, has gone to hia home on tho Richmond River. Tho people of Liamore are going to give him a right royal reception, ar.d ÍD ft ct ho v. ill receive a regular ovation right through tho district, for he isa deservedly-uopalar mau wherever he goes. The oluhnnuao of the East Sydneys waB en fete on Saturday afternoon, on tho occasion of the presenta tion and hanging of Bomo very handsome pictures, presented to the club by Mr. E. W. Senior. Mr. John E. Myers, captain ot the club, presided, and Mr Senior was warmly thanked for his libeiulity ir all matters connected with the club. Mr. Thomas Punch, ono of tho vice-presidents, also thanked Mr. Senior, on behalf of tho club, for the constantinterest ho took in their welfare. Several toa 'tp having been duly honored tho c ompany separated. A private race between membera of the Manly Sailing Club carno off on the afternoon of December 20\. The bo;its were : Frolic 19ft (W. Peate), Joey 20ft (J. Speer), the course being from tho pier, round the lightship, and back. Mr. J. Hawkes, who sailed the Frolio, won by 3min. At tho meeting of the N. S, Wales Rowing Association, held c>n December 1£ at the Ex change, tho following officers were eleoted for the ensuing year : Patron, Lord Jersey ; president, the Hon. Goo. Thornton; vice-presidents, Hon. Daniel O'Connor (Postmaster-General), Messrs. J. P. Girvan, M.L.A., Dr. A. Burn, Messrs. Gadon, Aokrasn, Playfair, Kary, J. W. Warren, J. E. Myers, Cresswell. J. R. Fairfax, W. Cope, N. Johnston, Cubitt, and P. H. Sullivan ; committee, Messrs. Holtne3,.W. Hamlin, and W. A. Blackstone. The committee of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squad ron, in the matter of the Thelma-Volunteer protest for the collision just before starting for the race to Bird Island on.November 29, find that the Volunteer was to blame, and declared the Thelma the winner. Mr. Hoare, owner of the TheIma, at once wrote to the committee, saying that he did not wish to accept the stakes, and asking the hon. treasurer to hold same until another match could ie arranged. Since then, however, the Btakes have cec-n forwarded to Mr. Hoare. The Port Jackson Sailing Club had a race on Satur day afternoon, for which tho following entries and handiaaps were made: Mantura, Lottie, Craigie'ee, scratch. ; Regina, l¿min ; Idothea, 2min ; Atalanta, Smin ; Esmeralda, 3£min ; Isadore, 4min ; Scylla and Wild-Wave, 6min: Our Tom, 6£rain ; Massilla and Violet, 7min : Our May and The Ghost, 7£min ; Imo gono and Iverna, llmin. At 3.15 the L iats wero sent away to a capital start, Our Maj, Esmeralda, Our Tom, Mantura, Ghost, Lottie, and Is.ia.ore first in the order named. The times of rounding tht flagboat at Manly wero-Lottie, 4h 31min 27seo ; Mantura, 4h 32miu 3leoo; Regina, 4h 33min llaeo ; Esmeralda, 4h 33min 56soc;\ Atalanta, 4h 34rain ölaoe : Isadore, 4h 36min ; Craigielee, 4h 37min 17aec. Then followed Idothea, Massilla, Imogene,. Wild. Wavej Our Tom, Onr Mayi, Sbylla. The times at tho finish were Lottie. 5h 27tnin 51sec; Mantura, 5h 29min39aeo; Regina, 5h 31min 45sec; Esmeralda, 5h 53min 30i.eo; Atalanta^ 5h 3-lmin 8seo; Isadore, 5h 35iidr 31-ec-; Craigielea* 5h 38min 19scc; Idothea, 5h 41min HBQO ; Massilla^ 5h 41min 49teo ; Imogono, 5h 43min 18seo ; Wild Wave, 5h 43min 2Gseo ; otherB not timed. The Lottie, C. P. M'Conville, was therefore first ; Man tura, C. Webb, second ; EsuioraLca, T. Leach, third ; Regina, C. Hellings, fourth ; and Atalanta, J. Robir ilon, fifth. Tho firofc raoo of three for tho boats of the Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club wa3 sailed on Saturday afternoon for a prize of 29ga, presented to the club by Major Rennie, tho club adding £3 and ¿82 for first end second boat3 saving their fimes. Tho boats en tered, with their handicaps, were : Varuna, scratch ; JLoono, 8min ; Mulgoa and Myee, each 'Jmin; Sea Breeze and Whaler, each 10min ; Xantho, lluin ; Millewa, 14min ; Phryne and Ethel, each 15min ; Lorelei, 17min ; Happy Thought, 20min: and Danen, 23rain. The course was round the Pile Light and ißlands ; jib and mainsail only, no boom ing out allowed, and tho points to bi allotted wero 5, 3, 2, and 1, being for firat, second, third, und fourth boats respeotivuly. Tho Leone wa3 tho -nly non-starter, and tba Varuna , was first away, followed by the Xantho and Vul roa. The Pilo Light wa^ rounded in tho following order : Varuna at -th Grain lO.sec, Mulgoa 4h lOmin li^ec, Xanthe 4h 13 min 50sec, Millewa 4h lCmin lOsec, Whaler 4h lCrain .iOaeo, Sea Hrrozo 4h 17inin 2soc, Phryne 4h 17min 20seo, Ethel 4h 23miu ñOsoe, Lord loi 4h 24min 25soo, others not timed. The firibhing times w re: Varuna 5b. llmin 42seo, Xantho 5h 20min, Mulgoa 5h 21min 24seo, Phryne 5h 29-niu 3aea, Sea Breeze 5h 30min 28st0, Millewa 5h 33mm 4soo, Whaler 5h 33min Sösec, and Ethel 5h 38min Gai'o, tho others net timed. The boats were accordingly placed, Xantho 1, Varuna 2, Mulgoa 3, Phryne 4, sailed hy MOESTS. J. Howard, W. Paul. Bladen, and T. Lawry respectively. Swimming sports and races were conducted 'ast week in tho Natatorium, Pitt- street, for tho benefit of the SUNDAY TIMES Eelief Fund, whioh must have been materially augmented, as tho attendanoo waa larpe. Tho 200yds Hundioap resulted in a win for G. Moadham, with W. Gormly second. The other events were well contoated ; and the evening's enter tainment was conducted in a manner that gave much satisfaction to the patrons of the baths. 