AMI OGST, THE CHURCHES. THE lbLY,SpIRIT 19SENTIA 'TO 1 THE UNDERSTANDING OF HOLY SCRIPTURE. SAN AiDDI RV --EV. J. I. IITIIEL WE have not yet forgottent lies that we used to sing in our childlhood,. , " Holy'Bible, book dirine Precious tres:srsrtou ar Yes, the Bible is. a treasure o unspeakable wortlh ; ansd those wh'o.kow i.estelieve that it is this treaiii'-house of/Dici revols tieon. The tiruth which hs'come to s, has been fraught with the greatest blessing to to the sou, but whlo itil ventretosay that the.best has been reached? Te treasury is full, the riches' tlherein arc s rcble. E"ye bhath not seen, nor car l 'cither have entered into tthe heart of man, the things?whil Go'd lsath, prepared for them 'that love him." The discovered is great, but the undiscovered is greater still. e no one need he in. any dread- of oingto the end of Divine truth. It is like in finite in its: reach. Theqcstio confroTts us here, howare. we to mnake those trare our own ? They are freely give s of od and we shall lose ,more. than the Israelites lost if through i negligence orllief we fail to enter into possession ofou.God-gv in heritance.; Can the natural ma merely by the power of ;intellect explore the hidden depths of Goda's word andi lay hold of the precious gems of truth by his o'n unaided mind.?. Impossible.., In ourage we see the - triiunphs of' istellec't on 'ever' ade avenues 'of' k?lwledge' ti being tro' by brave and earnest spirits, the march of in tellcct ýis truily, ,ismiziisg,. still th highest reach of, the hitirslt inm cuses: far short ý of that whlich God. lis' laid u i the Scrip tures. The word of God is decisive on this point., "Tihe nat'ral'a,, reciet ot the things of the Spirit of God, for', they are foolish(sjsssut'o hiul, i?eitlheca e know them for the~ tire spirituallydisccre." The Bible is a sealed Iook'to th nree atq intellect. Its truths do not ld the selves to the mnan'.who lacks spiiua di eernienit. Spiritutal trutlh ms only e con mnsuicatedI by 'a spli'itiial 'teacher' and re ceive d only'hy a spiritual nd. Ther is no book to-day creating such dce n ah 'srlhing interest its the Bible' Io 'ook is so much loved,,atid no b sso c tater|.' Frieils sanld foes or over its pages. The former, uinder te' ilence of the spirit, are inspired 'ad by its teachiugs, while thclattes'sre confounded andi bewisle'redl by its contents. The foes of uosr God and his truth do ot see tat teir unaided mind is utterly-impotent to traverse the domain of sacred truth. Hee in tir 'isibelief they call in siestoi herat veritiesof our faithl "Bellef i, te ser natural they denounce as a ross sperti tion. Miracles,' they deilac are ire dlible. , Even creation is deie and er the reign of law'God is lsoave ut of His owsn universe.". Doubts are freely sattered, and not a few are perplexe, arly ko ing what to.lelieve andt what ot to believe. Are vwe to follow these doutdaligleader of the day? ' God forbid. Tey r' blin leatlers of the blinsd,' and ifte bli lea the hblind we need not wonder if they shol hmth fall into the ditch of ubelief. Hoever, great, their.intellectual capity ay for other stidbjects,'yot lacking' spiritl pere tion, they are altogether inapable of ndr standing spiritual truth. Hence we 'refse to follow:their leadership int ighatter which pertain to God ai te 'so. Te intellectual atmosphere of telay beig i. pregsatedl with unlelief t uestio is, How are we to be delivered fro it How are we to get those clear views ofDivie verities, which will effectuily cxc all dolubt,establissh our conlidsiic, ad itesify osur sense of the transcendent iportae of these solemn verities? Do weot ee a infallible teacher, one who as islf dwelt within the circle of that light wic o an can approach unto, one wo has looke pn the face'of God; yea, one wis Go, fro a5 hom beams of light will fall, issipa gor darkness and lettsngus see te trs con cerni God and our relatios to Hin? -Agass,-believing.as-we.do.hatGodi H Sgoouness has laid up in the Scriptres tres tires of priceless worthphow areitey to . discovered asnd appropriate so that they' will enrich our spiritual life? "Search the Scriptures" is the aiswer"of 't Savior. This is what we are to do. See d has laid up in the bowels of the earth the a Wealtli which is being d out i these ays! Look at tlse vast bedsf col, the veis of golsl 'inds of sili'er=te placth e p genis lie, and these as yo know aot be b ght out' andi utilised'witou the 1pesditure of uc paitict or.' Shall nien risk life ad limlb" to brin out te lperishable treasures of eas and e fail to search for the hidden riches wic are of i comisparable worth' to our' souls But eve this we cannot do unless e possess the humble and teachable mind, ss gied Sby ic! greater thaii mal. -'at Gie ad Teacher:we hIave in, tihe Holy Sirit, o came down from God, sent by te Fter aid tihe Son to guide us in trt. Te Blessed Spirit came down upo te belieer in the supper roost. He fille the wit is light, and hIis ,power. He spake trog them on that ever iemorable l ad e I hithertl o darkened, lhlarden a deat cried outby the thousandW t st we We are not of those who rer te Holy Spirit as a mere infllue. We beleve, without thle shadow of a dot i tlieDivie personality'of the Spirit. We belive that He is one in the sacredl Trinity of eav possessed of equsal power aiid glory, wt the Father and the Soun.. Before Jess left e eatth He decltired tlhat He i ld send the Heavenly Teacher. John 16,3.. "How belt'wihe'sthe Spirit of Ttl is conic, e will guide yoit into' all trt for lie il ot r spk of himself, but wlhatsoever e shall 5" har-'thaItsl?lhe speak, ilsii shs you things toedme':Obsere the isti tive title here given to te Teacher f, Hes ven, ,.The a Spirit of s Sgien by Jesus, whos kse a tawas asnl what his spea ao. He is the Spiritof.Trli t tthere is in His neitherr i or deceit. His knowlecdgeis il is well qualified to impart t t rarefullys given u's of.God.'. of the Spirit is tto reveal t l He spired the ancient pirophets, as they were misoved by th o s writers ansd preachers of the were no less under Hisjsoi - r tins to the Spirit asas ssitla prophets ,of, the, Old .Testamn. Tisi clea?rly; usdica(tes in 'Julio i 2-7.u wslies, the Comforter is cao ' send snto ysits froni the Fa Spirit of Truth, wis procee ! Fathlici, ire lshali testtfy of me'nlysht be my witnesses, Iecause ye ie fromg the hfnning. t erucifixion and the ressirrc Lord stood awith his foot on the upper world, lie said t "Bst ye shall receive powe 'Holy Ghost'h-as emdsss ipnt would be the result ? ' "And ye shall be witnesses W, We may firmly' believe Spirit has been sent froso Teacher. We niay clearly s of the Spirit is on earth, jta c Christ is at the rigst hsnd Yes, we have t.ieipirit ii t is a glorioss 'reality, hut th the teacher of tl'e individs a les.'real. Says John I Eph. ainointing fromn the Holy O all things and his asnstoisstisl sll things." The aniointi s s Holy Spirit teaches ss the siin, how we va re to lo relaed desming power, brings befor in His delivering snight death unto life, shows he power of sin isn us can be a l e rooted, nurses the new life iat last we flissl ini tise 'lass glory, every sin -anished ad conquered, ansi descrilms u glorions elsorch, ansi our cOn s spot or wrinkle or any essc and without Islemish. " g v Th'ssiin'writing to-the Epe gives thsl' Spirit of' wisona is the knowledge of him th our 'understainding being e may know what is the hos Fakiling? to re, dise this we i truth, and who is there noe not conseious of failure lt: amid tise woes of failure tlt ourselves with deeper emp might nor by power, but bym the Lord." Ssohls not ths r ward cry "Cast mse not aw f senee, and take inot thy H tinc." Thosewwho ralise that te S their -Teacher, "and wio h i wava:erisy revly opnin Him lb agtls trssdi'of Scripture are neverdiapntdo left iisdoubt as to its snea wrapped in mystery are the loving teacshing of the aVery, dark indeed were tis cermnag Christ and His wr ciples. When they' saw ,Master in the hends of his e the acesed tree ansd at In ~lic?'?l that they had seen the last of Him. Also bclieved that Jesuns gone! His ea»se lost : His cause had pcrlshed with ulth never. We read that two of them went to Emmnaus, and as they went onc whom they conceived to be a stranger drew ,aaud ?cut, with them, and when had ci heard frome their own lips the cause of their sadness, He said, "0 fools, ansd, slowsvof ? l heart to believe all that the prophets lave a' oken. Ought not Christ to have suffered c thtotitte, ant eo ent ifo liis-glory" 'is Then lie opened tip the Scriptures showing Ii what the prophets said, and what, the type is set forth; rProphet and type united to tell that heim'nst sufler, and that the path to the is glory lay throogh the agony in the gardenm and his sotiuffering on the tree. As he spake si theiro heartsi?hredc 1tithin athei. They l were chiarz7,ed ivitii1ie str'anger andi with Gi hiis w'otd." Thiy swo a itcanfng iii holy writ that they had never seen before, and It is the same still when we conime fnildcrthe teaching of the Holy Spirit. The great truths which lie embedded in God's word 't conme into view, and they stand revealed in all tliheirglory andlpower'as aian cannot re-I veal theit: Ea'riestsonils receive th?iM at, lu t this is how it comies to pass that' scm oe of, thloso'who hi;ve beet denied the, culture ofthe world have beco??ie so rich in the word of ti God, teaching those even who are renowned amonig niCit the i?searchable riches of Christ. t The Saviour, you remeumber, taught His i disciples as they were able to bear it. The Spirit does tile sante. ;He gives. as, "line 7 upon lie,, here ai little' Mfid tlre' a little," S suited to our receptive capacity. He takest us into circunistinces, it may 'hie strange I and new that hlie may imprint upon our hearts His great lessens:i I knew a lad who was very warmly attached to his mother. He was destined to lbe a witness for God. Groat lessons hlie had to learn, for as yet he knew littleof the nature of Divine discipline. I His motherutas sildedilf dualled to'herl rest and thd gad event laid hiupidostrite.' There catme one who was deeply taught of tile Spirit and whispered ove hiniis ??Athe eagle: stirrethi up her nest, flnttereth" over her I young, spre.adleth ablread her wings, taketh them and beareth them on her winag, sd the Lord alope dihljiead hit and then asked the qoestion,- Do,yoi'k'uoY, cow vrdea'gle.buihls her nest! No, was the reply. Sie builds I her nest in this way. She gatthers thorns, I and instea t of putting them outside as some birdls'do, shle.eput ntieni t iiside, and theln7 lays over the thorns the softest dowtsi she can find. The young are brought forth, and when the time cotmes when they should make use of their wings they are loath to leave the nest. The motlher bird stirs utip the nest, takes away thie down, thus destroyitng its coiifort, thiey feelrthe thorns,, and' so they are compelled to leave' it. Cod lhas beeti stirring up your nest, miy boy, but it is in order that yout might mount up to Himself. In that have by the aid of the Holy Spirit the precious lesson of Divine disciplinewas learned.~ If y?o are led into aIy .'circuium-. stance, be what it may, sce that yoti iarty out of it tihexrich spiritual truth, which t he Spirit is'ever seekig to impart. My time is gone, and I seem only to have touched the fringe of thy subject. Here, brethren, is the trea,'tsure houset "Though eye hath not seen nor car heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man the things (od hathi pre pared for them that 'love Himt. Yet know this that God reveals these very things unto uits by His Spirit: The Holy Spirit taikes his stand as it were by the shining portals of (Gol's treasury, and says unto its, " Ask and 'e shall'rekeive; seeku, ud ye shall lind;i khoek,'and it'shitll be oietmeilufnto you." In these days we want to hear the voice o.f the Spici-tiore Cltii evrE " If'willsilencti -Godless-Idaders,-illuh ine? 'ienighlted souls, crush worldliness in the church, rekindle her stiouldering love, quicken hrerdornant powers, heautifying her with lspotlcss holi ness andm rolbe her with invincible piower. It is the 'oidch of the Spiriti which will arrest every form of error, and convince an unhie iieving world of the tr?thi and the grace,of God. "Coime front the four witds, 0 breath, and hreath sipon these slains thlt they miay live 1 - 1. s-j " r . a te 