"VY TOuT VThl OT MT 7" An Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. \--12 CHAPTER XVIII. IS SHE THE "SHARK?" Ir was not to prove a gale, though it would have been hard to guess what lay behind that dirty jumble of white and livid terraces which had been stealthily creeping all the morning zenithwards. The clouds scattered to the rush of the wind, the sun with a brightened disk leapt from one flying vaporous edge to another, dazzling out the snows of the dissolving seas till the eye reeled from the glare if the brilliant foam and the sharp and lovely sparkle of the pure dark blue lbetwen. Indeed, before long the wind steadied down into a noble sailing breeze with a piebald sky of warm and cheerful weather steadily swinging into the south east. as though the whole heaven revolved from one quarter to another like a pano raina on a cylinder. Wilfrid looked his wisihes, but said nothing. He hung apart in a fashion that vas the same as telling tile to keep off, nor had he anything to sal to Bi s Jennings. Finn easily inter preting his master's face, piled cloths on the yacht till it seemed as though another nv would blow the whole lofty white fabric of canvas, tapering spar, and rig ging clean over the bows. We fled along in thunder, and to every curtsy of-the vessel's head the water recoiled in a roar of spume as far as the jibboom end, to speed aft as fast, you would have thought, as the eye could follow it, the swell wash ing to the counter as if to help her. We held on in this way for some time, when suddenly Wilfrid, who had come to a stand at the weather rail and was looking ahead, bawled with the note of a shriek in his voice, "Look !" and out sprang his long arm pointing directly on a line with our bowsprit. "Ay, there she is, sure enough !" cried I. as 1 caught sight, to a floating lift of the deck at that moment, of the pearlish gleam of canvas of a snilky brillianice slanting past the soft whiteness of a head of sea against the marble look of the shy there, where the sun-touched clouds were going down to the ocean edge in a crowd with a vein of violet here and there amongst them. I glanced at Wilfrid, not knowing what sort of mood this first glimpse of the yacht would put into him, but there was no alteration of face. His countenance had set into an iron hard ex plression ; methought resolution could never show more grimly stubborn. Miss Jennings came to the side to look. " There is little to be seen as yet," said I to her, "but we shall be heavingher hull up very soon. She is taking it quietly." Firmnn stood near; I took his glass from hinm and levelled it. "Why, 'tis merely amblitng with her, captain," said I; "gaff topsails down and no hint of squaresail that I can make out. The cloud we are making astern should puzzle her. D'ye think Captain Fidler will recognise this vessel ?" "Why, yes, sir, bound to it," he an awered; "we aren't like the Shark, you know; our figure- head alone is as good as naming us. . Then our sheer of bow 'ud sarve like a sign-post to Fidler. Back this by our square rig and he'd have to ha' fallen dark to mistake," meaning by dark, blind. "ls the Shark to be as easily recogt nised ?" asked Miss Jennings, who stood close by me, occasionally laying her hand upon my arm to steady herself and put ting the other to her lips to speak, for the breeze rang with a scream in it at times over the rail in a manner to sweep the words out of her mouth as though her syllables were the smoke of a cigarette. Finn shook his long head. "Lay me close aboard, miss," said he, " and I'll tell you the Shark from another craft; but there's nothen distinct about her as there is with us. She's black with out gilt like a great many others, of a slaving pattern, long, low, without spring forrads or aft, with apple sides like others again. But," said he after a pause, during which he had taken a look through his telescope at the glistening fragment hover ing like a butterfly over the bow, "though I don't want to say too much, sir, 1'd be willing to lay down a good bit of money on the chance of yonder chap proving the Shark. Time, place, all sarcumstances point her out." "True," said I ; "but there are many .hooners afloat." "Ay, sir; but such a coincidence as that, your honour," said lie pointing, "sits to far on the wesge of what's likely to fit it to sarve as part of a man's reckonings." "I agree with Captain Finn," said Miss Laura; "besides, 1 feel here that it is the vessel we are pursuing." She laid her hand upon her bosom and turned to cross the deck where her chair was. I assisted her to her seat with a peep out of the corner of my eyes at Wilfrid, but there was no encouragement in his face; so, posting myself forward of the companion for the shelter of it, I lighted a cigar and puffed away in silence till the luncheon bell rang. Willfrid did not cosme to table. When 1 returned on deck after lingering nearly an hour below, partly with the wish t-o put some heart into Miss Jennings, who was pitifully dejected and nervous, and partly because I had had a long spell in the open air and guessed thlat for some time yet there would be little enough of tihe schooner shoswing to bI worth looaking at-I say when 1 re tlrneld I found lny cousin at thie rail with his arms tigltly clasped on Iris breast staring fixedly ahead, with a face grim, indeed, with the scowling contraction of sho brows, but as collected in the deter mnined severity of it as can be imagined. Lu fact, the sight of the schooner ahead had gathered all his faculties and wander ing fancies and imaginations into a bunch, so to speak, and his mind as you saw it in his eyes, in the set of his lips, in the resolved and contained posture of his body, was as steady as that of the sanest man aboard us. It was without wonder, however, that I perceived we had risen the yacht to the line of her rail, when 1 noticed that she still kept under short canvas whilst the Bride was bursting through the surges to the impulse now even of the lower studdingsail. 1 took Finn's glass from him and made out a very handsome schooner, loftily sparred with an immense head to her mainsail, the boom of which hung far over her quarter, whilst she swang in graceful floating leapings from hollow to ridge with the round of her stern lifting black and flashing off each melting brow that under ran her. We had, indeed, eone up with her hand over hand, but then it would be almost the worst point of sailing for a fore-and-aft vessel, whilst we were carry ing in our square rig alone pretty nearly the same surface of canvas that she had abroad. She was too far off as yet, even with the aid of the glass, to distinguish her people. "What do you think, Finn, ,re'o?" said I, turning to him. He stood close beside me with his long face working with anxiety, and straining his sight till I thought he would shoot his eyes out of their sockets. "If she ain't tie Shark," said he, "she's the Flying Dutchman. I had but one doubt. Yonder craft's boats are white, and my notion, but I couldn't swear to him, was that the Shark's boats were blue. I've been forrards amongst the men, a few of whom are acquainted with Lord Winterton's yacht, and one of 'er says her boats was blue, whilst th'others are willing to bet their lives that they are white." " But the cut of her as she shows yonder proves her the Shark, you think 7" " I do, sir," he answered emphatically. "Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, "after this hang me if I don't burn my book and agree with your mate, old Jacob Crimp, to believe in ghosts." rlevelled the glass again and uttered an exclamation as I got the lenses to bear upon her. "By thunder, Finn! yes, they look to have the scent of us now. See ! there goes hergafftopsail !" Wilfrid caught my words. "What are they doing ?" he roared, bursting out in a mad way from his rapt iron-like silence, "making sail, d'yo say?" and he came running up to us with an odd thrusting forward of his head as though straining to determine what was scarce more than a blur to his short sight. He snatched the glass from my hand. "Yes," he shouted, "and there goes her squaresail By every saint, Finn, there's an end of my doubts," and he closed the glass with a ringing of the tubes as he telescoped them that would have madeyou think the thing was in pieces in his hands. "Shall I signal her tb heave to, your honour ?" exclaimed Finn, speaking with a doubtful eye as if measuring the dis tance. "Ay, at once," cried Wilfrid, "but" he cast a lookat the gaff end-"she'll not see your colours there," pointing vehe mently. "I'll run 'em up at the fore, Sir Wil frid ; they'll blow out plain there with the t'gallant halliards let go." "Do as you will, only you must make her know my meaning," cried my cousin, and he went with an impetuous stride right aft and resumed his former sentinel posture. Miss Jennings came timidly up to me. "She is the Shark, then 7" she said in a low voice. "All who know her are agreed, Finn says, saving here and there a doubt about the colour of her boats,".1 answered. She had a sailor's eye for sea effects, and instantly noticed that the schooner ahead had broadened her show of canvas. "Do they suspect who we are?" she exclaimed, talking as though she were musing. "No doubt the Bride is recognised, and they will run away if they can.. She looked at Wilfrid. "I do not like to speak to him," she exclaimed. "He's killing Hope-Kennedy over and over agiin," said I; "his wife is before him, too, and he is haranguing her. Bless us, what a wonderful thing human imagi nation is! " Up went the signal flags forward in a string of balls, a man tugged, the bunting broke and streamed out in its variety of lustrous colours, every flag stiff as a sheet of horn handpainted, with the light of the sky past it showing through. I caught myself breathing short and hard whilst waiting for what was to follow this sum mons to the running craft. We had been crushing through it after her with the speed of a steamer, and, supposing her indeed to be the Shark, had literally veri fled Wilfrid's boast that the Bride could sail two feet to her one. But now that she had broadened her wings there was a threat of considerable tediousness in the chase. "Do you suppose they have made out what yacht we are ?" I asked Finn. "Likely as not, sir. I shall think so for sartin if they don't shorten sail on reading that bunting up there. A stranger 'ud be willing enough to speak us. Why not I 'Tis understandable that Fid ler should have kept his rags small in the face of the muck that was crawling in the nor'rad this morning. lie's gotnothen to chase, and was always a careful man, so i've hIeard, and I tell ye, sir," said Ihe in a subdued way, speaking with hirs eyes fixed on MBiss Jennings, who stood close with a whlite face, "that the sight of his esy canv;as is almost the same to moe as seeing of her ladylhip a sitting there," levelling his hairy finger at the yacht, "for, fond as she was of the water, let anything of a breeze come and she was always for having Sir Wilfrid reduce sail." He put the glass to his eye as he spoke. "Hillo" he exclaimed in an instant, "they're hoisting a colour. There it goes-there it blows. Oh my precious eyes I What is it? what is it?" he rumbled, talking to himself and working into the glass as though he would drive an eye clean through it. "Why, Mr. Monson," he bawled, " I'm Field Marshal the Duke o' Wellington, sir, if she han't hoisted Dutch colours." I snatched the glass from his hand, and sure enough made out the Batavian hori zontal tri-colour streaming from the peak signal halliards like a fragment of rainbow against the lustrous curve of the main sail. "Wilfrid," I shouted, addressing him as he stood right aft, Miss Laura and I and the skipper being groupeda little for ward of the main rigging, "they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander, not the Sharkl" and I fetched something like a breath of relief, for it was a condition of suspense that you wanted to see and end to one fashion or another as quickly as possible. He approached us slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and aftera steady inspection turned to Finn. "She's the Shark," he said, with a fierce snap in his manner that was like letting fly a pistol at the skipper. "Your honour thinks so ? "Don't you ?" "Them Dutch colours, Sir Wilfrid- " "A device, a trick I What could coni firm one's suspicion more than yonder display of a foreign ensign? She's the Shark, I tell you, and that colour's a stratagem. What do you say, Charles ?" "I'm blesat if I know what to think," said I. "If she's the Shark, whly has she taken it so leisurely, only just now setting her squaresail and gaff topsail though we have been in sight for a long time, crowd ing down upon her under a press that should awhile since have excited their sus picionst No need for them to hoist Dutch colours. if Fidler thinks he is chased, why don't he haul his windinstead of keeping that fore-and-aft concern almost dead before it, as if he didn't know on which side to carry his main boom ?" "She's the Shark!" thundered Wilfrid, "the flag she is flying is a lie. Finn," he cried in a voice so savagely imperious, so confoundedly menacing, that I saw Miss Laura shrink, whilst the poor skipper gave a hop as though he had touched something red-hot; "are we overhauling that vessel ! " "Yes, Sir Wilfrid." "How long will it take us to come within gunshot of her P" Finn scratched the back of his head. "Mr. Monson, sir," said he, addressing me, "that gun 'ull throw about three quarters of a mile, I allow." " Call it a mile," said I. My cousin, with his nostrils distended to the widest, his respiration hysteric, his whole body on the move, and with that raised look in his face I have formerly described, stared at Finn as though he would slay him with his gaze. The skip per scratched the back of his head again. "Well, your honour, if yon schooner holds as she is and this here breeze don't take off, we ought to be within gunshot," here he produced a silver watch of the size and shape of an apple, "in three hours' time, making it about half-past five." \- "How far is she distant.now 1 ".. "Betwixt three and four mile, Sir Wilfrid." "Get your gun ready." "A blank shot, your honour ?" "A blank devil and be damned to you. Load with ball. Who's your gunner ?" "We shall have to manage amongst us, Sir Wilfrid," turning a face of alarm upon me. I was about to remonstrate, but there was an expression in the eye that my cousin bent on me at that instant that caused me to take Miss Jennings' hand as an invitation to her to cross the deck and walk. "Charles," said he, "you told me that you knew something about gunnery. Will you handle that weapon yonder for me?" "Wilf, it is madness," said I. What! plump. a shot into a craft that may not be the vessel you want or, which in my opinion is just as bad, fire atwith a chance of sinking a yacht with a lady aboard that lady your wife--the woman whom you have embarked on this extraordinary adventure to rescue?" My blood rose with my words. I dared not trust myself to reason with him. I crossed the deck with Miss Laura, and when we faced round I spied Wilfrid marching forwards with Finn, and pre sently he was by the side of the gun gesticulating vehemently to a body of seamen who had collected round the piece. Our signals were kept flying at the fore, whilst with the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast at the schooner's peak. Onwards she held her course, swarming steadily forward in long gliding curtsyings over each frothing surge that chased her, a most shapely and beau tiful figure with a long flash of her low black wet side coming off the line of foam like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on high soared the stretches of her sails with some thing of the airiness of a dragon-fly's wing in the milk-white softness of their spaces against the cloudy distance beyond. The time passed, Wilfrid remained forward. He stood upon one of the anchors swaying witlh folded arms to the movement of the yacht, stiff as a handspike, his face fixedly directed at the schooner ahead. The sailors hung about, chewing hard, spitting much, saying things to one another past the hairy backs of their hands; here and there a whiskered face looking stupid withl a sort of dull wonder that was like an inane smile; but the fact is, from Cutbill down to tile youngest hand all the seamen were puzzled, excited and uneasy. The state of mny cousin's mnind showed plainly to the least penetrating of those nautical eyes. No man amongst them could imagine what wild directions would be delivered, and though I made no doubt thle gun would be let fly when the order to fire was given, I was pretty sure that should it come to a command to board the schooner by force the men would decline. Sometimes Finn was forward, fluttering near Wilfrid, sometimes aft, restlessly inspecting the compass or going feverishly to the side and looking over, when again and again I would hear him say in a voice as harsh as the sound of a carpenter's plane: "Glory, glory! blow, my sweet breeze, blow t" manifestly unconscious that he spoke aloud, but evidently obtain ing some ease of mind from the ejacula tion. The sun went floating down westwards, the breeze shifted a point or two towards himi and then slackened, though it con tinued to blow a fine sailing wind with a regular sea that had long before lost the early snappish and worrying hurl put into it by the first of the dark blast. Slowly we had been gaining upon the chase; minute after minute 1 had been expecting to see her put her helm down, flatten her sheets, and go staggering away into the reddening waters weltering and washing to the sky under the descending sun, on what she might know to be some best point of sailing. She kept hersquaresail spread and the Dutch flag hoisted, and swung stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing of our signals, which still continued to fly. Through Finn's glass I could dis tinguish the figures of a few seamen forward and a couple of men pacing the weather-side of the quarterdeck. Now and again a head would show at the rail as though watching us, but the suggestion I seemed to find in the general posture and air aboard the vessel was that of in difference, as though, in fact, we had long ago exhausted curiosity, and had been cuitted as a spectacle for inboard jobs and the routine of such life as was led there. Is she the Shark?" I said to Finn. "If she isn't," said he, "my eyes ain't mates, sir. It is but a question of the colour of the quarter-boats." "I see no name on the counter." "No, sir, the Shark has no name painted on her." "She's steered by a wheel," said I. "So is the Shark, sir." "What do the men forward who know the Shark think now?" I asked. "Two of 'em say that it ain't her; the rest that it is. But ne'er a man aboard has that knowledge of her that 'ud give him conscience enough to take an oath upon it.- Glory, glory, there she walks! By the piper that played afore Moses in the woods, your honour, 'twill be the fairest sunrise that ever I see that lights up the end of this dammed mess, begging your pardon, Mr. Monson, and yours, miss, I'm sure. Fact is, I feel all of a work inside me, like a brig's boom in a calm." "I am unable to hold the glass steady," said Miss Laura. "Mr. Monson, I see no signs of a lady on board. Do you, Captain Finn?" "Not so much as the twinkle of a hinch of petticoat, miss; but if her ladyship's there, of course she'd keep below." "You know Captain Fidler," said I. "Very well, sir." "There are two figures walking that quarter-deck. Is one of them he " " It's too fur off, sir. I've been look ing and looking, but it's too fur off, I say, sir. Mind l" he suddenly roared, "they're a-going to fire," and he rolled hurriedly forwards. A moment or two after, crash ! went the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock upon the ear, and the smoke blew away over the lee-bow as red with the tinctur ing of the sun as a veil of vapour at the edge of the crimson moon. Miss Jen nings shrieked. A long yearning gush of sea catching the Bride fair on the quarter swung her for a breath or two so as to hide the schooner, then to her next yaw with Wilfrid still on the anchor bending forward in impetuous headlong pose and two or three sailors handling the gun and a crowd of men in the head staring their hardest, the chase swept into view afresh. "Hal" I shouted, " she's heaving to." "Oh, Mr. Monson ! " cried Miss Jen nings, clasping her hands. Instantly Finn fell to thundering out orders. "In stun'sails I clew up the t'garnsail I down squares' ; down gaff tops'l !" Twenty such directions vol leyed from him; in a trice the decks of the Bride were as busy as an anthill; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled down; the strains of Cutbill's whistle shrilled high above the voicae.of the men, and a true ocean meaning came rolling into the commotion and clamour from the yeasty seething over the side, the singing of the wind past the ear, and the frisky motions of the yacht as she brought the sea on her bow heading, to Finn's yell to the man at the helm, to range to windward of the schooner that was now fast coming round with her squaresail descending, her main tack hoisting and her topsail withering with her head to the west. Distance is mightily deceptive at sea. How far off the schooner was when they let drive at her from our forecastle I could not say. She was probably out of range; at all events, she showed no damage as she came rounding to, away down upon the throbbing blue which had softened much within the hour, with a bronze gleam of sheathing, as she heeled over ere her canvas broke shivering in the eye of the wind, that wonderfully heightened the beauty of the long, low, black, most shapely hull, and the bland and elegant fabric of bright spar and radiant cloths shining white yet through the faint claret tinge in the atmosphere. Wilfrid came slowly aft, constantly looking at her as he walked. Under reduced canvas we swept down leisurely, sliding lightly upon the run of the surge that was now on the beam. I examined her carefully through the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my side asking questions. " Is she the Shark " " She may be. But such of her crew as I make out don't look to me to be English." "Can you distinguish any women on board ?" " Nothing approaching a woman. They mean to board us. They have a fine boat of a whaling pattern hanging to leeward, and there are sailors preparing to lower her. They are not Englishmen, I swear. I see a large fat man delivering orders apparently with sluggish gesticulations, which strike me as distinctly Dutch. How about her figure-head ?" 1 continued, and I brought the glass to bear on the bows of the schooner. "Ha " I cried, and looked round. Wilfrid was watching the schooner right aft, where he hIad stood during the greater part of thie chase, his arms folded as be fore, the same iron-hard expression on his countenance. I called to him. "What is the figure - head of the Shark?" He started, and answered, "I don't know. Ask Finn," and so saying walked towards us. The skipper was giving some instruc tions to Crimp on the other side of the deck. "Captain Finn," I called, "Sir." "sWhat's the Shark's figure-head?" "A gold ball in a cup shaped like a lily, your honour. "Then, Wilfrid," I cried, shoving the glass into his hands, "your pursuit must carry you further afield yet, for that craft's figure-head is a white efigy, appa rently a woman's head." His manner to the sudden, desperate surging of thie disappointment in hiin fell in a breath into the old form of the crazi ness of hIis moods of excitement. He looked through the glass, and then roared out "Finn." The skipper came bundling over to us. " That vessel is not the Shark." " I've been afeared not, sir. I've been afeared not," said Finn. "Like as two eggs end on; but now sho's drawed out -'tain't only the figure-head. She h?an't got thie Starlk's length of bowsprit." - Wilfrid dashed the telescope down on tothe deck. "A fool's chase! " iheo ex claimed, scarcely intelligible for the way he spoke with his teeth soet. "Heavenly God, what a disappointment I But it should have been Monday, it should have been Monday," and his gaze went into a scowling, wandering way from us to the schooner. " I suppose you know," said I to Finn, "that they're standing by to lower a boat when we shall have come to a stand ?" "Ay, sir, I know it," exclaimed Finn, who had picked up his telescope and was feeling over it in a nervous, broken-down manner as though he feared it was injured, but durst not look to make sure while Wilfrid stood nigh. "I shall heave to to looard for their convenience," and with that le walked aft to the wheel. Wilfrid looked crushed with something absolutely lifeless in the dull leaden blank of his eyes. It was perhaps fortunate for us, if not for him, that this sudden prodigious blow of disappointment should have completed the sense of physical and mental exhaustion which inevitably atten ded the war of emotions that had been going on all day in his weak mind, other wise heaven alone knows what miserable and painful display might have followed this failure of his expectations. I was mucl affected by his manner, and en deavoured to console him,-but he motioned me to silence with a gesture of the hand, and seated himself on the skylight, where he remained with his arms folded and his eyes fixed on the deck, apparently heeding nothing that passed around him. "He'll rally after a little," said I to Miss Laura, who furtively watched him with eyes sad with the shadow of tears. " It ought to have been the Shark, Mr. 3Monson," she exclaimed in a low voice. "iMy cowardly heart all day has beeoon praying otherwise ; and now I would give ten years of my life that my sister were there--for his sake, for mine, and for yours too, that this wretched voyage of expectation and mistakes and superstitions -oh, and I do not know what else," she added with a little toss of her arms like a wringing of her hands, " might come to an end.' The sailors forward were eyeing the vessel steadily as we approached her. By this time all hands were aware of the blunder that had been made, and one seemed to see a kind of suspense in the posture of the fellows, with a half grin in it, too, as though 'twas an incident to be as much laughed at as wondered at. The breeze continued to slacken, the seas were momentarily losing weight as they rolled, the gushing of the western crimson floated in the air like a delicate red smoke, with a heap of flame-coloured clouds resting broodingly upon the southern confines and the new mnon over the sun, a wonder for the bright sharpness of its curve in such a hectic as she stood in. We ran down, and hove to within easy hailing distance to leeward of the schooner, but it was plain that Mynheer had no notion of talking to us from over his rail. His fine large boat hung manned at the davits as we rounded to, with a gang of fellows at either fall, and no sooner was our way arrested than down sloivly sank the six oared fabric. The oars sparkled in the red light, and away she came for us. " Charles," called my cousin from the skylight. I went to him. "I'm too ill to be worried," said he ; "represent me, dear boy, will you? Get us out of this mess as best you can, and as quickly." He spoke faintly, and slightly staggered after he had risen. Miss Jennings, seeing this, took his arm. and together they went below. I stood at thegangway along with friend Finn. Twas a ludicrous position to be in, and what excuses to make I knew not, unless it was to come to my explaining the full motive and meaning of our ex pedition-a sort of candour I did notlike the idea of. In the stern-sheets of the approaching boat was the large fat man Ilhad previously taken notice of in the schooner s quarter-deck. His face was as round as the moon, with a smudge of bristly yellow moustache under a bottle shaped nose; his person was the com pletest pudding of a figure that can be imagined, as though, forsooth, a huge suit of clothes had been filled out with suet. He wore a blue cap with a shovel-shaped peak, and a piece of gold lace on it going from one brass button to the other. "That's not Fidler," said I to Finn. "Fidler i" he ejaculated, staring with all his Wmight at the boat, "there's twenty Fidlers in that man, your honour. Why, Fidler's a more rib, lean enough to shelter I himself under the lee of a ropeyarn." The boat came fizzing alongside hand i somely, and the fat man, watching his opportunity, planted himself upon the steps and iose like a whale to our deck, upon which he stepped. In a very m phlegmatic, leisurely way he stood star I ing around him for a little out of a pair of small, greenish, expressionless eyes, and with a countenance that discovered no signs of anly sort of emotion; then r in the deepest voice I ever heard in a r man, a tone that literally vibrated upon the ear like the low note of a church t organ, he said in Dutch, "Who speaks my language ?" I knew a few sentences in German, enough to enable me to understand his question, but by no means enough to converse with, even if the man spoke that tongue, so I said bluntly in English, "No one, sir." He wheezed a bit, looking stolidly at me, and exclaimed, "You are Captain ?" 1 motioned to Finn. "Vy you viro ot me ?" he demanded, turning his fat, emotionless face upon the Sskipper. SFinn touched his cap. "Heartily sorry, \- sir : 'twas all a blunder happening through I our mnistaking you for another craft. I'm very willing to pologise and do whatever's Sright." The Dutclnian listened apathetically, t ithen slowly bringing his list of the shape, I if not the hue, of a leg of beef to his vast spIread of breast, hlie exclaimed in a voice \- even deeper than his former utterance, " Vot I ask is, vy you vire ot me ? " Finn substantially repeated his former apology. The Dutchman gazed at him dully, with an expression of glassiness coming into his eyes. " Vet schip dis i " Finn answered with alacrity, " The Sschooner-yachlt, Bride, sir." "Zhe vihgt vorr hsrr nation ?" sending a lethargic glance at our masthead as if in \- search of a pennant. "No, sir,"' cried Finn, "we're a Spleasure vessel." "' Der is nio var," exclaimed the Dutch \- nan, shaking hlis head, "between mine coundry and yours." " Ho no, sir," exclaimed Finn. "Den I ask," said the Dutchman in a voice like a trombone, "vy you vire ot This promised no end. I hastily whis Spered to Finn, "Leave him to meo. Turn to quietly and trim sail and get way upon the vessel. He'll takeo no other hint, I fear.". Finn sneaked off'. " Pa:rdon me, sir," said I, "you'll have heard from the captain that our firing at you was a blun der into which we were led by mistaking your ship. We desire to tender you our humble apology, which I tust you will see your way to accept without delay as s we are very desirous of proceeding on our 1 voyage." 1 He looked atme with a motionless head and a face as vacant of human intelligence as a cloud, with its fat, its paleness, its I Alp upon Alp of chin, then ponderously and slowly putting his hand into his breast a lie pulled out a great pocket-book and said, i "ot dis schip s name ?" " The Bridesmaid," said I: He wrote down the word, wheezing laboriously. " Your captain name ?" "Fidler,' I answered. This he entered. "Owner?" "Colonel Hope- Kennedy." " Ow you shpel ?" "I dictated, and he put down the letters as I delivered them. " Vhere you vrom " "Limerick," I answered. "Ow you sphell2" He got the word, andsthen said, " Vere you boun' " "To the Solomon Group," I answered. This I had to spell for him too. He wrote with such imperturbability, with such a ponderosity of phlegmatic manner in his posture, with such whale-like asth matic wheezings broken only by the traom bling notes of his deep, deep voice, that 1 again and again I was nearly exploding 1 with laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody s eye but his I must certainly have whipped out with the merriment that was almost suffocating me. He slowly returned the note-book to his pocket and exclaimed "Goot. You hear more of die," and with that walked to the gangway. "Pray forgive me," said I, following him and speaking very courteously, "will you kindly tell me the name of your ship ?" He regarded me with a kind of scowl as he hung an instant in the gangway-the only expression approaching intelligence that entered his face, and said, " Malvina." "And praywlwhero areyou bound to, sirI" " Curagoa." "Are you the owner, sir? " " Captain," lie responded with an em phatic nod, and so saying he put his foot on the ladder and entered his boat. Five minutes later we were breaking the seas afresh, making a more southerly course than was needful by two points, that we might give as wide a berth as soon as possible to the Dutch schooner, that, at the time I went below to the summons of the dinner-bell, was sliding away west south-west a leanue distant under every cloth that she has to hoist. CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. Tnms was an incident to give one a deal to think and tall about. Certainly little imaginable coti?' bii stranger than that we, being in Chase of a fore-and-aft schooner yacht, should fall in with a vessel so resembling the object of our pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who professed to know the Sh.ark well. I should have been glad to ask the Dutclh man about his craft, yet it was a matter of no moment whatever. The thing had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an end. Likely enough she was an English vessel purchased for some opulent trader in the is and of duiragoa, and on her way to tha.t possession in charge of the porpoise who hadr honoured us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been fretting over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady Uonson out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helm for us and home again. Wilfrid bore the blow better than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which he had the excuse of having fasted since breakfast, and broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of gloomy resentment with which he had arrived from his cabin on my describing the Dutchman, and repeating his questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluent again, loose, draining here and there like water on the decks of a rolling ship ; and though he spoke with vehement bit terness of his disappointment, and with 3 indignation and rage even.of Finn's igno rance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, he dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, his talk was just an aimless stride from one thingtoanother. If he recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was as if by umere chance; and, though the subject would blacken his mood, in a i very short while he had lpassed on to other matters with a cleared face. Miss Laura 3 afterwards said to mse that the strain of 1 the day had been too great for him, and 3 that when the tension was relaxed the strings of the "instrument of his mind dropped into slack fibres, out of which his reason could fiddle but very little music. I Well, I could have wished it thus for every body's sake. Better as it was than that he should have slrunk away scowling and hugging a dark mantle of madness to him, and exaggerated the abominably uncom fortable behaviour I had witnessed in him all day. He arrived on deck after dinner to 'smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with Miss SJennings-for it was a quiet night after the storny blowing of the day, with a ,tropic tenderness of temperature in tie swteet gushing of the southerly wind, the Scurl of moon gone, and the large stars s trembling through the film of their own radiance like dewdrops in gossamer--I could hear my cousin chlatting briskly niear the wsheel withl Finn withl intonations of voice that curiously pIroclaimed the vari aableness of hIis mioods to the ear, some Stimes speaking with heat, sometimes in a note of sullen expostulation, sometimes rsurprising the attention with a loud ha, 1 ha 1 that came floating back again to the Sdeck in echoes out of the silent canvas, whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumbled a rumningcommentaryas the baronet talked. S"What do you think of this chase now ?" said I to Mliss Laura. "I wish it were over, ' she answered. "I want to see my sister.rescued from tile wretch she has run away wit , Hr. Mon Sson, but this sort of approadl~cjI-er r9 covery is dreadful." - " It is worse than dreadful," said I : "it is tedious withl the threat of a neat little tragical complication by-and-bye-- any day indeed-if Wilfrid doesn't stow that gun s in his hold or heave it overboard. The SDutclunan might very well have answered our shot had he mounted a piece or two Sor driven alongside ansd plied us, as they Sused to say, with small arms. Now one Iisn't here for that sort of thing, Miss [ IJennings." "No. Is there no way of losing the Scannon ?" I laughed. "t If Wilfrid will reserve his fire until he is sure of the Shark instead of hlazing away atn the first craft that resem Sbles her, the weapon might yet prove tomething to usefully serve his turn ; for doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel rom cracking on when he catches sight of Is, short of iron messages from the fore rsstl there. But we shall not meet with he Shark this side the Cape, if there." "I fear it will prove a long voyage," aid she, with the sparkle of the starlight n her eyes. ' "You will be glad to return i" "Not without my sister." " But shall you be willing, Miss Jen ings, supposing usto arrive at Cape Town without falling in with the Shark, to per yevere in this very singularand unpromis nsg sea quest? " "I will remain with Wilfrid certainly," She answered quietly. "My duty is to help him in this search, aiid where he loes I shall go." " But he will be acting cruelly to carry you on from the Cape unless able to cer trinly tell where to find the fugitives, lxing the date too for that matter." "Isee you will leave us at the Cape, tir. MIonson," she exclaimed with an iccent that could only come from the movement of the lips in a smile. " Not unless I prevail uponyou to ac company me home," said I. She shook her head lightly, but made no answer. Perhaps it was her silence that rendered me sensible of the unpre meditated significance of my speech. " Well," said I lighting a second cigar, " whilst you feel it your duty to stick to my cousin I shall feel it mine to stick to you. Not likely I should leave you alone with him. No.' At that instant the harsh, surly voiceof old Jacob Crimp hailed the skipper, who still stood aft talking with Wilfrid. All was in darkness forward; it was hard upon two bells; the canvas rose as elusive to the eye in its wanness as a dim li"ht in windy gloom far out to sea, and the shadow of it plinged a dye as opaque as blindness into the obscurity from the nainmast to tile forecastle rail, where the stars were sliding up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the in visible folds brimming to her port bow. " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious voice-plaintive as the notes of a knife upon a revolving grindstone-from the heart of the murkiness somewhere near the galley. SHallo !" answered Finn. " Can I speak a word with ye " "Who is it wants me " " The mate." "Tell him to come aft," Wilfrid bawled out. "If there's anything wrong I must know it. Step aft, Crimp, step aft1d'yo hear " he cried. - Old Jacob's stunted fýiguo came out of the darkness and walked along, to where Finn stodd. "What is the mattel, I0wonder I"said Miss Laura. I cocked my ear, fo'tiersos mething in a hail of this sort at sa on ad drkiight to put an alertness into one's instincts and nerves. Besides, there was no sounder snorer on board than old Jacob, and his merely coming up on deck during his watch below, though he should have stood mute as a ghost, was something to raise a little uneasy sense of expectation. His voice rumbled, but I could not hear what he said. Wilfrid shouted " What d'ye say i" with an expression of astonishment end incredulity. Finn laughed in a sneer ing way, whilst old Jacob again rumbled out with some sentence. -Then my cousin bawled out " Charles, Charles, come hero= will youl" "What the deuce is the matter noteo " said I, and Miss Laura followed me as I went over to the group. " Here'sa nicepickle we're in, Charles," cried Wilfrid. " What think you I Crimp swears the yacht's haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. "Pity your mother didn't sell vinegar, Jacob, that you might have stayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. " Haunted i Thatmay do for the marines, but you won't get the sailors to believe it." "That's just what they do then," re marked Crimp. "All the watch below have heard it and can't sleep in conse quence." "Heard what?" Iasked. " The woice," answered Jacob, "the same as you and me heard 'tother night." "Have you heard a voice, Charles?" exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a deep breath. "A mere fancy," said I. " Yo didn't like it anyhow," said Crimp gruffly as though speaking aside. "For God's sake tell me about this voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane, with the twitching of his figure and the shifting of his weight from one leg to another. I related the incident, making light of it, and tried to persuade him that the mere circumstance of my having said nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of the hearing. " Did you know of this, Laura ?" said Wilfrid. " As a joke only," she answered. "A joke," cried he, breathing deep again. "The voice sounded off the sea, hey ? and two of you heard it ? What did it say ?" and I could see him by the star. light looking towards the starboard -quar ter in the direction whence tlhe syllables had floated to us. "What did it say?" hlie repeated. " WIy, that this here yachtwas cussed," rattled out Jacob defiantly, "and dumme if Idon't think she be now that the bloom ing corpse belonging to the wreck is a j?wing and a-threatening of all hands down in the forepeak." " Whlat is this iman talking about I" I exclaimed, believing that hie must either be drunk or cracked. " lie's come aft to tell us, Mr. Mlonson," answered Finn, " that he and others of the watch below Ihave been disturbed bya woice in thle hold saying that there's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away home and end this woyage which, saving the lady's presence, it calls blarated non sense." I observed old Jacoh's head vigorously nodding. " Yoe're heard the voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting in short, agitated strides to and fro beside us. "Mr. Monson heard it twice," growled Jacob, "off the wreck as well as off the quarter." "Speak when you're spoken to," cried Finn. " Why, spit me, Mr. Monson, if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother as hIas signed on instead of Crimp himself." "' Look hlero," said Crimp, "lot them whl.t disbelieves step forrards and listen themselves." " Charles, inquire into this matter withl Finn, will you ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "I--I--" he stopped and pased his hand through Miss Jennings' arm, iumcdiately afterwards saying with a short, nervous laugh, " teo sound of a supernatural voice would cost me a night's rest." "'Comre lonsg, Finn." asid I. "Come along, Crimp. If there be a ghost, as our! friend here says, he must promptly be laid by the heels and despatched to the Red Sea." " What did'eo want to go and tell Sir Wilfrid about that woice you.and Mr. IIonson heard 'tother night ?" grumbled Fiin, as we moved forwards into the dark ness towards the forehatch. "Cause its true," answered Crimp in his sullenest manner. "'Sides it's time to end this here galliwanting ramble, seems to me, if we're goine to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn made no answer. We arrived at the foreretch and descended. 'The Bri?e's forecastle was a large one for a vessel of her size. On either hand abaft was a small cabin partially bulkheaded off from the sailors'--sleeping-room, respectively occupied by Jacob Crimp and Cutbill. Whether.the mate ate with the captain, whose berth was just forward of the one that had been occupied by Mufin, with access by means of a sliding door to a small living room through which he could pass into the forecastle, I cannot say. It was a rough scene to light upon after the elegance, glitter, and rich dyes of the fit tings of our quarters aft, but the more pictureenue for that quality as I found it now, at least on viewing the homely and coarse interior by the light of a small oil lamp of the shape of a block-tin coffee-pot with a greasy sort of flame coming out of the spout, and burning darkly into a cork screw of smoke that wound hot and ill flavoured to the upper deck. There were "'unks for the seamen and two or three umnmocks slung right forward; suits of -.ilskins hung by nails against the stan 'tons, and swung to the motion of the essel like the bodies of suicides swayed t.y the wind. The deck was encumbered "y sea-chests cleated or otherwise secured. 'lere and there glimmering through the rilight in a bunk I took notice of a little 'caed picture, a pipe rack, with other Sids and ends, }rilling home memorials, !::id.theartless conveniences with which poor Jack. equips himself. There were isamen lying in their beds, a vision of I? thery noses forking up out of a hedge ,i whisker, with bright wide-awake eyes that made one think of glow-worms in a L rd's nest; other equally hairy-faced rces in drawers and with naked feet, hage bare arms dark with moss and prick sags in ink, sat with their legs over the edge of their bunks. It was with difficulty tliat I controlled my grarity when on eSting a hurried glance round the fore castle on entering it my gaze lighted on she visage of MouIin, whose yellowness in the dull lamplight showed with the spec tral hue of ashes. His bunk was well forward; his bare legs hung from the edge al'ea couple of broomsticks; his hands were clasped; his head slightly on one side; -his posture one-of alarm, amid which, however, there still lurked a native quality of valet-like sleekness with a sug gestion of a respectful gpolbgy for feeling nervous. Sweet as the Bride was, no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other craft of those times, the odour of this interior, improved as it was by the flaring snuff of the lamp, not to mention a decidedly warm night, was.by no means of the most delicious. Added to this.was the lift and fall of the yacht's-bows which one felt here so strongly, that, coming fresh from the tender hearings of the after deck, you would have imagined a lively head sea had sprung up on a sudden. That Muffin shouldhave stood it astonished lee. Sleeping as he did, right in the " eyes," he got the very full of the motion. Besides, such an atmosphere as this must needs prove the severer as a hardship after the luminous and flower-sweetened air of the cabin. Finn took a leisurely survey of the occupants of the bunks. "Well, lads!" said he, "what's the meaning of this here talk about a woice? Mr. Crimp's just come aft to tell me there's somewhat a-speaking under foot here.". "That's right, sir," remarked Cutbill, -ho stood bolt upright like a sentryin the enrsance to his little berth. "I beg your pr-don, Ir. MIonson, sir, but it's nigh hand the same sort o' speech. as hailed us f-.m the wreck." "'Tis the same!" said a deep voice from one of the bunks. " Rats I " quoth Finn, contemptuously. "'Never yet met with the rat as could . mn a man's eyes in English," grunted Crimp. ' Nor in any other linro. Mr. Crimp. \--id a singgular Iolting seaman, whose face I had before taien notice of as reseanbling the skin of an over- ripe lemon. lie lay on the small of his' back blinking at us, aid his comstenance in that light, that was rendered confusing by the sliding of shadows to'the swing of the yacht, made - one think of a melon half buried in a t!anket. "Well, but see here, emy lads," ex claimed Finn, in a voice of expostulation, what did this hero woice say 1 That's hat I want to know. What did it say, :en?" " I told'ee," growled Crimp. But old Jacob's interpretation did not .lly with tat-of the others. The sailors "-?re generlly.agreed that the voice lhad exclaimed in effect that the yacht was cursed, msd that their business was to make haste and sail her home ; but some had apparently heard more than others, whilst a few again manifestly embellished, with a notion- perhaps, of making the most of it; but there could be no question whatever that human. syllables, very plainly articulalted, had sounded from out of the hold; all hands were agreed as to ithat, and proof conclusive as to the sin czricy of the men might have been found inthe looks of them, one and all. ,Silene, noew!" cried Finn, "let's listen." We all strained our ears. Sothing ;,,cke the silence but the sulky wash of the sea outside, seething dully, the half :itiil respirations of the s~ilors, who ,.and it difficult to control their hurricane .-gs, and the familiar creaking noises -i.?g? out in various parts of the fabric : her swayings. Impressed as 1 was by Sagnenmnt amongst the men-aed I hb-come besides to this forecastle with 'b.n memory very fresh in me of the a:naterious voices I had before heard-I cs-ad scarcely hold my face as I stood -;: ning, with my eye glancing from one lL.y oountenance to another. The S. y of the Jacks' postures, the knowing oi( of a hea1 here and there, the un -,aing stare, the strained harkening ;iriude, the illustration of superstitious ,n-a.tions by expressions which were ren-.ered grotesque by thie stwing of the n,-, the half-suffocated loboks of some ,he fellows who were trying to draw ;r breaths softly, formed a picture "appeal irreoistibly to ones sense of the :i.lous. :aree minutes passed; it might have .. hours, so long the time seemed. Seems it's done jawing, whateercr it \- said Finn. de listened again. . "Tell 'ee it's rats, lads," said Finn. i "As the cuss was meant for this 'ee o -. , exclaimed the deep voice that had Sre spoken, "plhalps if her owner n to come below, the sperrit, if so be ""-. 'ud tarn to and talk out again." Tell 'ce, its rats! " cried Fihn, scorn fuiln- - IPats " exclaimed Crimnp, with great sritation, "if that's all, why don't Sir iVif:rid isv feurnrd and listen for hisself l" " Won't he come?" said one of the men. "Come! no,"' rattled out Crimp, "and I why ? 'Ciusee he knows it's the truth." ".Well," exclaiued Cutbill," speaking -it. all proper respect, seems to me that ?vela's meat fir the diaw, ought to Ie meat for the nu iai the likes of such a en:ble-come-tumble out of the main top ileo the mani-hlal sort o' jab as i There wa now sTome grumblintg. Crinmp tl -ad enabled tC, mlen to guess that Wilfrid a. afraid to eer the forecastle, and ,liuiry sarcasms, u'h a mIutinous touch i. item, passed from ',mk to bunk. "'A-ast!" roaredFinn , "listen if he'll a \--eek now." o But no somad resembling a human syl lable entered the stillness. "It's rats, I tell 'ee," shouted the skipper, making to go on deck. ." Comn along,, Mr. ]Monaon..-. Blamed now if I believe that Jacob is the only grandmother as has signed articles for this herowoyago". But as I followed him the exchimations I caught determined ine on advising Wil= frid to come forward. He had left Miss Jennings standigg alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly here and there with an irritability of gesture that was a sure symptom in him of a troubled and active imagination. On catching sight of me as I cmerged out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the yacht, he cried out eagerly, "Well, what have you heard? Is it a voice, Charles ?'" "There is nothing to hear," I answered. " Finn disrespectfully calls it rats." 'What else, your honour ?" exclaimed Finn, " the squeaking of rats ain't unlike a sort o' language. Put the noise. they make along with the straining of bulk heads and the like of such sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ignorant sailors, and I allow ye ll get what might hoe trmed a supernatural woice." Wilfrid burst into one of his great laughs, but immediately after said in a grave and hollow tone, "Butyou, Charles, have before heard something praterna tural in the shape of a hail off yonder 'quarter, and from the dead nian jou found on the wreck." "Fancy,mere fancy,"I said. "Gracious mercy ! am I milking this voyage to carry home with ma a belief in ghosts ? But I wish you'd go. into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy : there's nothing to be heard. A visit from you will pacify the men. They hold that you admit the truth of -Phat they allege by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. Their temper is not of the sweetest. They should be soothed, I think, when it is to be so easilydonc." le hung in the wind and said in a hesitating wray, "What do you think, Fin 1" " Well, Sir Wilfrid, since, as Mr. Mon son says, there's nothen to hear and nothen therefore to cause ye any agitation, I dorn't doubt that a wisit from you would please the sailors and calm down their minds. I'm bound to say they're oneasy,-yes, I'm bound to say that." " Come, then," cried my cousin, and he strided impetuously into' the darkness, followed by the skipper . I gave Miss Laura my arm and. we started on a little walk. The awning was furled and thb dew everywhere sparkled like hoar frost. The quiet night wind sighed in the rigging, and the yacht, a point or two off her course, and every sheet flat aft, softly broke through the black quiet waters with dull puffs of phosphor at times sneaking by like the eyes of secret shapes risen close to. the surface to survey us. The sheen of the binnacle light touched a portion of the figure of the fellow at the whel, and threw him and a segment of the circle whose spokes he held, out upon.the clear, fine, sp.ingled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the impression left on the retina by an object when the eyelid is closed upon it. My fair companiion and I talked of the incidents of the day. One thing was following another rapidly, I said. 'Twas like a magic-lantern show; scarcely had one picture faded out when something fresh was brightening in its " What manner of sound could it be," she asked, "that the sailors have inter preted into curaing and dreadful warnings ?" "It was no fancy on my part anyway," said I, " lot me put what face I will on it to Wilfrid. If what the men profess to hear be half as distinct as what I heard, there must be some kind of sorcery at work, I'll swear." (To be continued.) 