ECHOES OF THE WEEK. BY CiKOIIGK AUGCBTl- SALA. ' '__OXDON.',OoT. 23.' V í|tmous ÍCnglisiinian, who throughout his long laborious and useful career never got a tithe of the reward to which his talents and his valour entitled him has just passed away in the person of Sir Richard Burton He was in his sixteenth year, and he died at 1 rests, where for some years past he had been British Consul General I knew him intimately for more than a quarter of a century and a kindlier hearted and more whole sented man I have never met A bray e soldier, an indefatigable, tray either, a born explorer and discoverer a linguist almost as copious as Me/s»ofnnti-all these was Richard Burton He had been every " here- Australasia perhaps excepted an 1 seen everything the wonderful extent of his attainments in Arabic is shown in his translation of the Arabian nights as his proficiency in Portuguese is manifest in his admirable translation of the 1 using Is of Camoens Bespoke much like it 1 tench man an 1 Spanish bleu Spin an 1 He was in expert fencer and lessee of the S iron is, a very mine of ian and cottons resentful in the history « F Caiiieblaiuhe The port "by order of th has made a stir ously unexpected appearance in connection with the 1 ular hull manuscripts a calendar of which has been published under the auspices of the Historical Manuscript Commission Die Itvdnl muniments include it letter from the author of ' Peter Left and AA e ate Seven to Lady Iel leming whose tenant he is still Mount he was, bitterly complaining of the dilapidated condition of his residence to prove the necessity for the execution of repairs the pool board mentions that during hen.) ruins an empty truck standing in the best of three back rooms was half filled with water Then if a droll sp linen or wool coming in one of the MSS just referred to in tin allusion to some fellows of a college bICKford in the seventeenth century who were sconced four) shillings for 'north vacation to Sconce is an old word meaning to music or inn and "north vacation will be found tendered as night wandering in some dictionaries but I should I say that it is of 0 lord mintage in a convivial sense at line-up I that its most expression modern equivalent would be the i \n.entuiieaf» painting the town red a Dieri is of at least as he is a threatened scarcity of sealskins and it is expected that the price of these short) furs will go up from 10 to uO per i cut before the winter sets in How should sealskins be caught but semi e' For la w many years have the British seal fishers been wantonly butchering these still resting and an intensive man and animals for the sake of the rest his" Voiles (f thousands of seals have been cut on slim stubb to fill pound or clubbed to di nth every vein in ( idea that fashionable ladies might disport themselves in sealskin jun kits and mantles Now seals with highly Vitelli genteieiituns D pend upon it there has been conferences of s at Owing seals some where in the neighbourhood of Greenland or the Hi ham,, Seas-it sufficiently wide margin and that to save the miser, ps from utter extermination the seals have resolved to retire to such a remote portion of the Arctic Circle as will enable them to defy the seal slaughterers The self chosen epitaph on Keats in the Protestant Cemetery at Home mournfully proclaims the poet to have been one whose name was written in water As it has turned out, the name of the author of Endymion has not since been (graven on brass, to endure perhaps as long as I English letters themselves How imprudent it is as a rule to prophesj-unless as the American sage puts it, yon know ! Now here we me, this instant we feel of "Echoes in presence of a portent written in or rather on water the report namely, of the County Purposes Committee appointed last February by the Court of Common Council to inquire into the water supply of the metropolis and the best way of reforming The committee recommend the buying up of the vested rights of the private companies who share the public too much money for not quite enough water and the promotion of a bill for the establishment of a Royal commission empowered to control and regulate the entire hydraulic economy of London so that we may be able to obtain the pure electing me as abundantly and as cheaply as it is procured at Manchester and at Glasgow where the water author it) is a pub he and not a private one The Silly Season usually ends with the Long A section but the carnival of cock and bull stones theatres, this year to stretch to Unistiiuis I read that a process has been perfected for transforming broken glass into a line delicate, and durable cloth which can be worn without the slightest discomfort next to the tenderest skin and that in a in the factory of the I late 1 States hundreds and thousands of tons of broken and useless material are being utilised in the manufacture of a fishing per feet!) incombustible und w his li can be made meyer) colour and shade of colour, tin of any refined strength of thickness More than one attempt can I recall to utilise glass as part of the material of a textile fabric More than 40 years since an enterprising firm of drapers in Greek street, Soho tried to popularise a splendid looking damask made partly of silk and partially of glass A handsome actress of the period, Mrs H P triattun won such abyss silk dress in a burlesque called " Cherry) and Fair Star at the old Princess's Theatre, but the complaint of the testimonies who made the dress was that the vitreous texture of the stuff grievously) packed and even cutting timbers An odd story) is being echoed and re-echoed setting forth that the great Duke of Wellington s raiders on the Bank of England are not yet exhausted V ' city man it is alleged, purchased from an acquaintance an " order lot £10 signed by the sale of the Waterloo, and which had not yet been presented for payment The " city) man having gi. on his acquaintance face I am for the note thought that he might make a profitable speculation out of it, and has been asking-as yet unsuccessfully sums ranging between £1000 and £10,000 lot the "order " The story may have a modicum of truth in it, but judging it only from the phraseology in which it is couched, one would be inclined to fancy that it had emanated from an Amer roan imagination Here, however, is the story of a Wellingtonians cheque, for the truth of which I can vouch, for I have seen the document in question Some £10 years ago there w as either patented or registered an interest ed in. or called the " Plantagenet the edge of the blade of which was guarded by a kind of comb, so that you could not eat your self while shaving The good old Duke, who had a penchant for buying new fangled things, were they grey coil Sires, new boathook, new steel pens, or new filters, went one day into the shop of the proprietor of the new in. car at Charing Cross, and bought a couple of "Plants generals" With silver comb guards the price of the article was two guineas, and for this sum the Duke gave his cheque on Coutts's, and to not away with his treasures rejoicing but the proprietor of the " Plantagenet " was for the time to have the precious document cashed He caused it to be handsomely i ruined and glazed, and displayed it in his shop window as an advertisement, found Yvhielr for many weeks afterwards the govt, manures thought to put in the magic autograph, Wellington 'The Parisian Society Against the Abuse of Tobacco had met with a heavy blow and sore ilistouuigeiiiont Dr Diiynrdin Benn method presented to the Academy ofMcili (no tin exhaustive report expatiating on the deleterious i fleets of tobacco smoking, and asserting that the practice tins so invidious to physical ston 111 us to be responsible for the steady depopulation of 1 ruined It was therefore lieomnielidid that youths mulch Ki should be prohibited by law from smoking The grave and reverend signors of the Academy were on the point of adopting the report, when Dr Brounrd, the doyen of the Paris faculty, rose from his seat and littered the words, "How about Ger- many !" This significant query seems o'hare produced as alarming the effect on the Medical Academicians as the blood-spattered ghost of Banquo did on Macbeth. In their mind's eye they beheld the image of Hans Breitmann with apiel'elhaube on his head, smoking from morning till night a prodigious meerschaum, or, haply, a pipe with a china bowl embellished with the portrait of Bismarck or of Von Moltke. Tobacco has certainly bottle populated the Fatherland, for the olive branches of Hans Breitmann are multitudinous. This fact seems to have at once stirred the logical minds of the Paris Academy of Medicine. : , Mr. Booth, of the Salvation Army, who is setting up as a Saviour of Society, and who would like to have a hundred thousand pounds sent him just as a start towards the establishment of his City Colony, his Ftiriu Colony, and his Colony Beyond Sea, proposes to make a house-to-house collection of meat and fruit and salmon and sardine tins, which are ordinarily thrown into the dust- bin. Mr. Booth asserts that the toys sold in France in New Year's Day are almost entirely made from sardine tins, and he proposes that a contingent of his interesting proteges shall be employed in manufacturing cheap toys out of tin. True it is, oh Booth ! that tin enters largely into the composition of some toys. Hans Christian Andersen told us all about the "Little Tin Soldier," in one of the most delightful stories ever written, long years ago. But Booth has yet to learn that for the designing and colouring of the patterns of French and German toys artistic talent of a somewhat high order is reversed. At JN'urem burg, which makes toy soldiers in tin and lead for four-fifths of the civilised world, eminent draughtsmen and modellers are employed to press re the designs, which different grades of artisans subsequently carry out. The dressing of cheap dolls would be a more profitable industry, for Mr. Booth's lambs. There is a fancy warehouse here at Brighton n the Western-road, the lady proprietor of which has a specialty for dressing Quakeress" dolls. I rurel)'revisit Brighton without purchasing one of these fascinating little puppets in a dove-coloured silk dress, a poke bonnet to match, a little black tri- angular shawl, and a tiny black bag hanging . from one arm, for presentation among my mullet- lady friends. A manufactory of Salvation dolls might dobell. I should like a mule Salvationist with a big drum in miniature, of course- and a Hallelujah lass with a banjo or a tambourine H.H. 11, the Duke of Edinburgh was duly inaugurated the Armada Memorial oil the Hoe, Plymouth, where, in July, 1588, Drake, Hawkins, and Frobisher' played that tiie'iiioriiblp game at bowls prior to knocking over the Spanish galleons and Raidisses as though they had been so many ninepins. Then, in Portsmouth harbour, " Trafalgar Day has happy celebrated by decking Nelson's flagship, the Victory, with laurel wreaths and finally', at an episcopal chapel in Albemarle-street, a service has., been snlc-iiiiiiscd in connection with the Waterloo Memorial at Brussels. Meanwhile a document has been made public, the perusal of which can scarcely be got through without feelings half of indigna- tion and half of shame. It is a modest and quiet appeal to H.H. IT. the Field Marshal! Commanding in Chief from certain superannuated and infirm soldiers ' who fought bravely for their country in the Crimea and in Dublin during the Mutiny for the addition of a few pence a day to the miserable stipends which it grateful country things to them now that they are old and worn out. Some of these veterans have no pensions at all, and are in imminent peril of the workhouse. A touching commentary this on Armada Memorial inaugurations, Trafalgar Day celebrations, and Waterloo Memorial services. 