. Society Jottings. NEWS OP THE WORLD. Mr, Inonde is spending the winter in Devonshire. Mr. ana Mra. Gladstone, with several membors of their family* visited Barnum's Show, and expressed themselves greatly pleased with the performances. The' Prinoess of Wales is credited with a rather unusually smart repartee. A very worthy lady, it is said, recently mentioning in her presence the muoh talked-about, betrothal 'of Brincó Eddie, and bein? laudably anxious to be loyal and to please, ventured upon the trite remark that " marriages are mado in heaven." " Except royal ones," said her royal high ness, with a quiet smile; "the society journals arrange those for us. " The Bishop ot Boohester has been polite enoueh to compliment the students of the Boyal Female School of Art upon the lovely taste fijsplayed in their quiet and ladylike hats. Considering the hideousness of the ordinary episcopal head gear, Dr. Thorold's criticisms*might bo extended with effect to ecclefias tical millinery. Arohidiaconal gaiters and episcopal aprons might receive a little attention with advantage from the purely aesthetic standpoint. Miss Dora Labouchere, aged something slightly over 6, has issued invitations to her friends of tender years for an afternoon performance of a new musical fancy oomedy, entitled " The Enchanted Palace." The piece is written by Mrs. Labouchere, with a prologue by Mr. Clement Scott. An en chanted .waltz, specially composed by Sir Arthur Sullivan, is introduced in the music, as well as a ohorus composed by Mdme. Adeline Patti, which will be sung by Mr. Stedman's choir. Apropos of marriages, it was, in a ways to the passionate devotion of the Queen to her young hus band that Lord Tennyson owed his laureateship, for, reading it for the first time in the glow of her own happiness, the sweet love story of " Tho Miller's Daughter" appeared so strongly to her Majesty that she never forgot it ; and when it became necessary to ohoose a successor to Wordsworth, the natno of the writer of tho purest, simplest, and tenderest love poem in the language rose at once to the Queen's lipa, with the result that we all know. The Primrose Club fancy dress ball, given at the Savoy Hotel, was a most brilliant affair. The occasion was the first on which the ballroom suite of this most recent of the monster hotels, has been used. Every one seemed charmed with the beauty of the room. The principal room is really half underground, though the spring of the floor is secured by the excavation for cellars beneath it. The room which appears like two almost octagonal apartments thrown into one, is panelled, in dark red brocade, riohly framed in cream-colored walls, with handsome gili; mouldings. All the doorways were draped with cream colored silk, looped up by trails of real ivy. Palms, ferns, and primroses formed, the prinoipal decorations. Mr. Gladstone is so constantly affording us fresh proofs of his wonderful youthfulness of mind that it 18 hardly surprising even to find him at the age of 80 repairing to Oxford for ten days' " study" and unin terrupted literary labor. There is something in tensely interesting in this latest movement of tho wonderful old statesman, who finds himself domiciled once more, after an interval of sixty years, within the dearly-loved University where he gave, two generations ago, such brilliant promise of the great oareer of which all English men and women are justly proud.. Few indeed must be the contemporaries of Mr. Gladstone at Oxford whoarestillinthelandofthe living ; indeed, the once familiar old haunts may seem to him to be peopled with the ghosts of a byg( ne race of eminent men, whose names are written in English history, but whose places know them no more. Whether the emancipation of modern women dated from the day when her Majesty,' by royal perogative, took the initiative in the betrothal, ÍB an unanswered question; hut all are agreed that the modern-woman is in sad need of reformation. It is quite certain, however, that men are largely responsible for the foibles of the sex that once was designated " weaker. Instead , of cheeking their wives and sisters and daughters in their headlong career to domains where they should never he permitted to trespass, men feebly remonstrate at first, and end by encouraging them to be what is foolishly called independent. It is because the young men of the day encourage them that our girls parade in attire which ought to rob them of all charm in masculine eyes ; that they fling aside maidenly dignity by indulging in manly sports and shook sensitive ears with expressions that ought never to be heard outside the stable yard. Bo those who are to be our future " potent grave and reverend signors " really think that these girls of the period wiU make ornaments to their houseB, and be the kind of mothers whom sons and daughters will respect. If so, there is little hope of improvement ni tue modern woman. Bat if not, why do they n0'°M" courage them in every possible way, and notmng would so soon extirpate the " mannish maiden from society as the marked disapproval ol the opposite Bex. The Duke and Dnohoaa of Fife have taken up their residence ut their recontly- acquired and beautf fnlly-deeoratod mausion in Portinan-3quare. Lord Eoaobo-ry and Mr. Leopold de Rothschild have each roooived from the allotment holdera at Wingravo a handsome walking stick, in token of their gratitude for being given such liberal sized pieoes of ground for allotment gardens. Among the patronesses of a concert given at Prince's Hall, Piccadilly, on the 27th, by Armenian ladies in London in aid of the patriotic cause, were the Ducheaa of Argyll, the Countess Granville, Lady Randolph Churchill, and ilra. Gladstone. The King of tho Belgians has not quite recovered from his accident at tue funeral service in memory of MdUe. Dranoourt, upon which oooasion his majesty struck his head heavily against the chandelier upon rising, causing him to faint. He Btill suffers from severo pain in his head. It is stated that there is not the slightest founda tion for the report emanating from Berlin of a betrothal botwotm the mnoh-betrothed Prinocsa Mar garet of Prussia and Prince Christian of Denmark,' a favorite nephew of tho Princess' of Wales. Such an ttllianco would no doubt be received very favorably in Germany ; but it would be entirely unpalatable to the Danish people, who Btill cherish a hidden but deep longing of some day recovering the provinces taken from thom by the grandfather of Princess Mar garet. A curious petition has been presented to the King of tho BolgianB by a body of farmers, who humbly desire his majesty to make a close season for frogB. At present it seems the noble »port' of frog: killing, which Í3 the delight of tho fashionable world, may go on all the year round.- The curiouB "game" ia shot by an arrow or a "shaft" from a orossbow, and nnloss tho king intervenes it will be exterminated, and then the insocts upon which it f eedB will have it all their own way. .The announcement that tho young Duohess of Port land has obtained a certificate of proficiency from tho Ambulance Association, having successfully passed the examination in dressing wounds and bind ing fractured limbs, adds one more name to the list of noble Englishwomen who desire to be noted for something more than prettiness and good dressing. The young duohess interests herself in all matters calculated to render her life a useful one, and her Eopular and oharitablo husband cannot be too oartily congratulated on his choice of so sensible and oharming a wife. The latest aristocratic scheine of a solid nature is that of a company which will be established at tho West End. Among its many purposes will bo in cluded that of the leaving of visiting cards and tho writing and sending out of invitations for balls, at homes, receptions, &o.; It also offers to relieve its oliontsof the preliminary troublés of house-hunting. It will obtain daily aooonnts of what rooms are Îa'oant, at what hotels, and will secure snob rooms or its oliente. Its patrons by merely strolling down to the offioes of tho company will find awaiting them a'weekly list of visitors to London, a general registry of addresses, and the various menu« for the evening of the moro fashionable restaurants. Sir William Gull did not entertain the prejudice against lady doctors whioh ÍB so-prevalent in the medical profession. On the contrary, he did not hositato to express his opinion that the study and praotioe of medicine by women was distiuotly to be encouraged. In this, as in other mattera, he displayed an independence of mind rather disturbing to the more conservative mem bers of his profession. His great oharity and kindliness1? of heart, of whioh his poorer and humbler patients received immediate proofa, were nowhere better known and appreciated than in his; native village of Thorpe, a quiet old- fashioned little hamlet noar the Essex coast. In the days of his prosperity and fame he never forgot tho little village where his boyish days were spent, and in whose rus tic churchyard his parents lay buried ; and proud indeed wore the Thorpe villagers of the famous physician who saved the life of tho Heir-Ap parent, and whose benefactions to his birthplace will, it is fearod, be sadly missed now that he is laid to rest beneath the shadow of the fine old Norman towoi of tho ancient village ohuroh. 