BEATRICE. BI H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTHOR OF " Kinq' Solomon's .lines," "Alla9 Quate~rmaint," " jss,"' " 8Ao," " .M1. Moosson's Will," go. [PUBLISHED BY SPBOIAL ABRANGE?BMENT.1 CHAPTER IX.. WHAT BEATROIS flREAMED. Geoffrey lay upon his back, watch. ing the still patch of sunshine and listening to the ticlking of the clock, as he paissed all these and many other events in solemn review, till the series culminated in his vivid recollections of the scene of that vewy morning. 'I'm sick of it,' he said at last aloud, 'sick and tired. She makes my life wretched. If it wasn't for Effie upon my word I'd . . , By Jove, it's 3 o'clock; I'll go and see Miss Granger. She's a woman, not a female ghost at any rate, though she is a freethinker-which,' he added as he slowly struggled off the couch, 'is a very foolish thing to be.' Very shakily, for he was sadly knocked about, he hobbled down the long narrow room, and through the door, which was ajar. The opposite door was also set half open. He knocked softly, and getting no answer pushed it wide and looked in, thinking that he had, perhaps, made some mir take as to the room. On a sofa placed about two- thirds down its length, lay Beatrice asleep. She was wrapped in a kind of dressing-gown of some simple blue stuff, and all about her breast and shoulders streamed her lovely curling hair. Her sweat face was towards him, its pallor relieved only by the long shadow of ;the dark lashes and the bent bow of the lips. One white wrist and hand hung down almost to the floor, and beneath the spread curtain of the sunlit hair her bosom heaved softly in her sleep. She looked so wondrously beautiful in her rest that he stopped almost awed, and gazed, and gazed again, feeling as though a present sense and power were stilling his heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveliness, and very dangerous to feel that pressure at the heart. A truly wise man feeling it would have fled, knowing that seeds sown in such silences may live to bloom upon a bitter day, and shed their fruit into the waters of desolation. But Geoffrey ws not wise-who would have been ? He still stood and gazed till the sight stamped itself so deeply on the tablets of his heart that through all the years to come no heats of passion, no frosts of doubt, and no sense of loss could ever chill its memory. The silent sun shone on, the silent woman slept, and in silence the Swatcher gazed. And as he looked a great fear, a prescience of evil that should come, entered into him and took possession of him. A cloud without crossed the ray of sunlight and turned it. It wavered, for a second it rested on his breast, flashed back to hers, then went out; and as it flashed and died, he seemed to know that henceforth, for life till death. ay ! and beyond, his fate and that sleeping woman's were one fate. It was but amomentary know ledge ;. the fear shook him, and was gone almost before he understood its foolishness. But it had been with him, and in a few days he remem bered it. Just then she woke, opening her grey eyes. Their dreamy glance fell upon him, looking through him and beyond him, rather than at him. Then she raised herself a little and stretch. ing out both her arms towards him, spoke aloud. 'So you have come back to me at last,' she said. 'I knew that you would come and I have waited.' He made no answer, he did not know what to say; indeed he began to think that he must be dreaming him self. For a little while she still looked at him in the same absent manner, then suddenly started up, the red blood streaming to her brow. ' Why, Mr. Bingham,' she said,.'is it really you? What was it that I said ? Oh, pray forgive me, whatever it was. I have been asleep dreaming such a curious dream and talking in my sleep. 'Do not alarm yourself, ?Miss Gran ger,' he answered, recovering himself with a sudden'jerk; 'you did not say anything dreadful, only that you were glad to see me. What were you dreaming about?' She looked at him doubtfully; perhaps his words did not ring quite true. 'I think that I had better tell you as I have said so much,' she answered. '? esides, it was a very curious dream, and if I believed in dreams it would rather frighten me, only fortunately I do not. Sit down, and I will tell it to you before I forget it. It is not very long.' He took the chair to which she pointed, and she began, speaking in the voice of one yet laden with the memories of sleeoop. 'I dreamed that I stood in space. Far to my right was a great globe of light, and to my left was another globe, and I knew that the globes were named Life and Death. From the globe on the right to the globe on the left, and back again, a golden shuttle in which two flaming eyes were set, was shot consinually, and I kneow also that this was the shuttle of Destiny, weaving the web of Fate. Presently the shuttle flew leaving be hind it a long silver thread, and the eyes in the shuttle were such as your eyes. Again the shuttle sped through space, and this time its eyes were like my eyes, and the thread it lhft behind it was twisted from a woman's hair. Half-way between the globes of Life and Death my thread of life was broken, but the shuttle flew on vanished: For a moment the thread hung in the air, then a wind rose and blew it, so that it floated away like a spider's web, till it struck upon your silver thread of life and began to twist round and round it. As it twisted it grew. larger and heavier, till at last it was thick as a great tress of hair, the silver line bent beneath the weight so that I saw it soon must break. Then while I wondered what would happen; a white hand holding a knife slid slowly down the silver line, and with the knife severed the wrappings of woman's hair, which fell and floated slowly away, like a little cloud touched with sunlight, till they were lost in darkness. But the thread of silver Ithat was your line of life, sprang up quivering and making a sound like sighs, till at last it sighed itself to silence. SThen I seemed to sleep, and when I woke I was floating upon such a misty sea as we saw last night. I had lost all sight of land, and I could not remember what the stars were like, nor how I had been taught to steer, nor understand where I must go. I called to the sea, and asked it of the stars, and the sea answered me thus: '" Hope has rent her raiment, and the stars are set." 'I called again, and asked of the land where I should go, and the land did not answer, but the sea answered me a second time: '" Child of the mist, wander in the mist, and in darkness seek for light." 'Then I wept because Hope had rent her starry garment and in dark ness I must seek for light. And while I still wept, yoe rose out of the sea and sat before me in the boat. I had never seen you before, and still I felt that I had known you always. You did not speak, and I did not speak, but you looked into any heart and saw its trouble. Then I looked into your heart, and read what was written. And this was written: '" Woman whomlknew before the Past began, and whom I shall know when the Future is ended, why do you weep ?" 'And my heart answered, " I weep because I am lost upon the waters of the earth, because Hope has rent her starry robes, and in everlasting dark. ness I must seek for light that is not." Then your heart said, "I willshow you light," and bending forward you touched me on the breast. 'And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies of birth and death, and the sky was full of great winged angels who rolled up the mist as a cloth, and drew veils from the eyes of night, and there, her feet upon the globe, and her star-set head piercing the firmament of heaven, stood Hope breathing peace and beauty. She looked north and south and east and west, then she 'looked upwards through the arching vaults of heaven, and wherever she set her eyes, bright with holy tears, the darkness shrivelled and sorrow ceased, and from corrup tion arose the Incorruptible. I.gazed and worshipped, and as I did so, again the sea spoke unquestioned: '"In darkness thou hastfoundlight in Death seek for wisdom." 'Then once more Hope rent her starry robes, and the angels drew down a veil over the eyes of Night, and the sea swallowed me, and I sank till I reached the deep foundations of mortal death. And there in the Halls of Death I sat for ages upon ages, till at last I saw you come, and on your lips was the word of wisdom that makes all things clear, but what it was I cannot remember. Then I stretched out my hand to greet you, and woke, and that is all my dream.' She ceased, her grey eyes set wide, as though they still strove to trace their spiritual version upon the air of death, her breast heaving, and her lips apart. 'Great heaven !' he said, 'what an imagination you must have to dream such a dream as that.' 'Imagination,' she answered, re. turning to her natural manner. 'I have none, Mr.Bingham. I used tohave, but I lost it when I lost-everything else. Can you interpret my dream? Of course you cannot; it is nothing but nonsense-such stuff as dreams are made of, that is all.' 'It may be nonsense, but it is beautiful nonsense,' he answered. 'I wish ladies had more of such stuff to give the world.' 'Ah, well, dreams may be wiser than wakings, and nonsense than learned talk, for all we know. But there's an end of it. I don't know why I repeated it toyou. I am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real it shook me out of myself. This is what comes of breaking in upon the routine of life by being three parts drowned. One finds queer things at the bottom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that you are recover ing. I do not think that you will care to go canoeing again with me, Mr. Bingham.' There was an opening for a comrn pliment here, but Geoffrey felt that it would be too much in earnest if spoken, so he resisted the temptation. '*What, Miss Granger,' he said, 'should a man say to a lady who but last night saved his life,.at the risk indeed; almost at the cost-of her own ?P' 'It was nothing,' she answered, colouring; '.' I'clung to you, that was all, more by instinct than from any motive. I think I had a vague idea that you might float and support me.' ' Miss Granger,.the' occasion is too serious'for polite fibs. I know how you saved my life. I do not know hoer to thank you for it.' 'Then don't thank me at all, Mr. Bi~gham. Why should you thank me? I only did what I was bound to do. I would far rather die than desert a companion in distress, of any sort; we all must die, but it. would be dreadful to die ashamed.C You know what they say, that if you save' a person from drowning you will do them an injury . afterwards. That's how they put it here; in some parts the saying is the other *way about, but I am not likely over to do you an injury, so it does not make me unhappy. It was an awful experience: you were senseless, so you cannot know how strange it folt lying upon the slippery rock, and seeing those great white waves rush upon us through the gloom, with nothing but the night above, and the sea around, and death between the two. I have been lonely for many years, but I do not think that I ever quite understood what lon~eliness really meant before. You see, she added, by way of an afterthought, 'I thought that you were dead, and there is not mnch company in a corps.e.' 'Well,' he said, 'one thing is, it would have been lonelier if we had gone. 'Do you think so ?' she answered, looking at him inquiringly. ' I don't quite see how you make that out. If you believe in what we have been taught, as I think you do, wherever it was you found yourself there would be plenty of company, and if, like me, you do not believe in anything, why, then, you would have slept, and sleep asks for nothing.' 'Did you believe in nothing when you lay upon the rock waiting to be drowns l, Miss Granger ? 'Nothing!' she answered; 'only weak people find revelation in the ex tremities of fear. If the revelation comes at all, surely it must be born in the heart and not in the senses. I be lieved in nothing, and I dreaded nothing, except the agony of death. Why should I be afraid? Supposing that I am mistaken, and there is some thing beyond, is it my fault that I can not believe? What have Idone that I should be afraid? I have never harmed anybody that I know of, and if I could believe I would. I wish I had died," she went on, passionately; 'it would all be over now. I amtired of the world, tired of work and help lessness, and all the little worries which wear one out. I am not wanted here, I have nothing to live for, and I wish that I had died !' 'Some day you will think differ ently, Miss Granger. There are many things that a woman like yourself can live for-at the least, there is your work.' She laughed drearily. ' My work ! If you only knew what it is like you would not talk to me about it. Every day I roll my stone up the hill, and every night it seems to roll down again. But you have never taught in a village school. How can you know ? I work all day, and in the evening perhaps I have to mend the table. cloths, or-what do you think? write my father's sermons? It sounds curious, does it not, that I should write sermons? But I do. I wrote the one he is going to preach next Sunday. It makes very little differ ence to him what it is so long as he can read it, and, of course, I never say anything which can offend anybody, and I do not think that they listen much. Veiy few people go to church in Bryngelly.' 'Don't you ever get any time to yourself, then ?' 'Oh, yes, sometimes I do, and then I go out in my canoe, or read, and am almost happy. After all, Mr. Bing ham, it is very wrong and un grateful of me to speak like this. I have more advantages than nine-tenths of the world, and I ought to make the best of them. I don't know why I have been speaking as I have, and to you, whom I never saw till yester day. I never did it before to any living soul, I assure you. It is just like the story of the man who came here last year with the divining rod. There is a cottage down on the cliff it belongs to Mrs. Davies, who lives in the Castle. Well, they have no drinking water near, and the new tenant made a great fuss about it. So Mr. Davies got men, and they dug and dug, and spent no end'oe money, but could not come to water. At last the tenant fetched an old man from some parish a long way off, who said that he could find water with a divining rod. He was a curious old man, with a crutch, and he' came with his rod, and hobbled about till at last the rod twitched just at the tenant's back door -at least the diviner said it did. At any rate they dug there, and in ten minutes struck a spring of water, which bubbled up so strongly that it rushed into the house and flooded it. And what do you think ? After all, the water was brackish. You are the man wkith the divining rod, Mr. Bingham, and you have made me talk a great deal too much, and, after all, you see it is not nice talk. You must think me d very disagreeable and wicked young woman, and I daresay I am. But somehow it is a relief to open one's mind. I do hope, Mr. Bingham, that you will see-in short, that you will not misunderstand me.' (To be continued in lWdnesday's issue.) 