EXTRAORDINARY MOUNTAIN MYSTEEY A GOLDFIELD STOET. And then she found herself, without intending it, standing before her ' arsenal,' contemplating the weapons, fingering them in an absent manner, and finally loading some of them, ?with an in effectual air — all for her own pri vate benefit — of not realising what Bhe was about. vvnen everything was done, ALag could. I find no f ui-tker excuse to linger, but linger she did until a sound, which seemed to come from the direction of Mary's room, caused her to start and listen, and then to extinguish her lamp and glide out into the kitchen. 4 She shan't come down here and find me making a fool of myself,' she mut tered. It was Mary coming kitchenward in the dark. The old woman was talking to her j self, as she came ; it was a habit with her, and often amused Mag. ' The mischief's in it,' Mag heard her mutter. ' Doors creaMn1 and things a banging'. I s'pose it's that Monck, She entered the kitchen, and Mag, flat Itening herself against the wall that she passed, knew that she was crossing the room and going toward one of the uncur tained windows. For a moment there was silence, and then Mag heard Mary mutter : ' Yes, it's him, of course ! I'll stop and let him in — good for nothing!' Another moment of silence, and then Mag heard : ' Land o' goodness ! if he aint brought that feller back here ! Mortal man, what's I the meanin' of it ! there's another !' Then the old woman felt a hand upon her arm, and before she could utter a sound, Mag's voice said close to her ear : * Hush, Mary !' The night was clear and objects outside were distinctly visible. In the open space between the stables and the house Mag could see three men, half way be tween the two buildings, and in evident consultation. Her heart went down like lead ; but she whispered quite steadily in Mary's ear : ' It isn't Monck at all. Hush !' For some moments the men consulted together, and the two women at the window watched silently. Then Mag whispered : ' Mary, get something, anything— those dark blankets will be best — and we will pin them up at these windows. Those men mustn't see inside. The other win dows are covered. It was one of Mary's frugalities not to have curtains at her kitchen windows. A kitchen needed all the sun it could get, she said j besides, it saved washing. So far as the kitchen was concerned, Mag had humored her whim, and now, for the first time, she regretted it. It took them some moments to arrange the impromptu cuxtaias, for they worked in the dark. When the task was done, Mag could see by peeping out the Bide of the window that one of the men had dis 9 appeared. (I ? Mary,' she whispered, as she dropped H the curtain from her hand, ' I wish you g knew how to shoot.' I « Hoot ! returned the oid woman, « I do.' i « 'Why, Mary, I ae^Q? kfifew^-^' ~ B -Ho6t!' said Mary again, 'wasn't I a B milter's wife ten years before ever I came H to you ? Look here, Mag, what does it B mean, this ?' ? ' I'm afraid it means danger— an attack. K 'Watch those men -while I go to Miss Wray. B Are you afraid, Mary f t i 'Who, me? Not a bit of It! I don't B mind a scrimmage. Drat that Monck V flj Mary- was already eonizectang this noctur B nal visit with Monckton's absence. h A light shake -wakened Barbara, and II while she was rousing herself enough to 11 aek,a question, Mag's voice said : * Are you awake, Barbara ?' 'Yes; What is it, Mag ?' J « There are three strange men outside, Barbara — don't be frightened; perhaps i they are only horse thisyes and won't 1 trouble us. I thought I had better come 1 and tell you. The house is well fastened, and Mary and I can both shoot, if worst comes.' * So can I,' said Barbara, it a low voice, slipping from the bed and beginning to dress in the dark. Mag caught her breath with surprise. 'Barbara,' she said, 'aren't you fright ened?' ' No, Mag. ,But I'm quiveriug with ex citement-^-feel.' She put out a tremulous hand, found Mag's and touched it. Mag waited until she was ready, and they went belOjfr hand in hand. When Cool Hank Button and Dick Stan hope arrived within sight of Mag's house, a light shone out for an instant, from what both knew \o be dne of the windows of the sitting-room. It was at the moment when Mag pushed up a curtain, and stood with the lamp in her hand examining the fastening. When she had done, she had dropped the curtain again, and the light, as it appeared to them,went out. * Strange,' said Cool Hank, stopping Ms horse, Stanhope at once following h-i« ex ample. ' They're up very late there ; ifs unusual — ' He checked his speech, and would have urged on his horse again, but Stanhope, who was close beside him, leaned over and laid a hand upon his arm. \- There's something that I didn't tell you,' he said j . « Miss Drood has a guest.' « A guest! Who?' ' A young lady, who came here from the East in search of her father ; a Miss Bar bara Wray. Her situation Was so forlorn that MiBs Drood's heart was touched, and she offered the poor girl a shelter? 'Good God!' exclaimed Cool Hank. 'Well, I must say,' Baid Stanhope, care lessly, 'that for a fellow who has been nicknamed Cool, you're about the- most excitable and exclamatory chap I ever saw.' \ .. ? ' ? ' Hush ; and come on,' said Cool Hank. ? You don't know what you're talking; about.' ... . Stanhope rode on, smiling to himself. He thought otherwise. ? He hsA purposely reserved the piece of information about Barbara Wray ;until the last moment, and now he was congratulating Mmself, JBte had evolved, while listening upon -the roof of the 'secret chamber/ a theory which, if true, would make clear and simple all the mysterious sayings exchanged between Mack and Cool Hank. What he now said and did was with an eye simply to the so lution of the problem which Cool Hank presented, and the proving of his theory, if it were capable of proof. Evidently Cool Hank had something to think of, too, for he was silent as they rode forward. Their journey had been made slowly because Hank had found that a rapid pace caused severe pain to Ms injured arm. They were still some distance from the ranch, and twenty minutes- had been consumed by their onward ride, when they were startled by a pistol-shot. It was fired evidently from the house, and they were near enough to hear it f ollewed by a suc cession of oaths. ' Gods !' whispered Cool Hank, ' the house is attacked !' He slid from his horse wMle speaking. ' Let's tie our horses to gether, and take the chances of their standing. Are you -well armed ?' 'Tea.' ' Give me one of your pistols, then.' * Well, maybe it is not so serious a matter as it aeems. If it is, you'll get the wea pon. Come on.' They crept forward stealthily, and Cool Hank stifled Ms impatience, provoked by Stanhope's caution, when he saw how like an Indian on a still hunt the latter made his approach. Several men, they could not tell the precise number, were grouped about the front door where a parley was evidently going on. Stanhope and Hank approached near enough to hear their words. '?I tell you,' said one, ? we may as well do it. That girl ain't goin' to open no doors for us ! An' I ain't goin' to stand none o' her shots, if I know it.' * And I tell you,' said another voice, 'it won't do to hurt Mountain Mag, or her property, if we can help it ; she's got too many friends. If we can get the girl out ? -' Cool Hank*shand closed upon Stanhope's arm.' * We must get into the house, he whis pered. ' Let's try the rear door.' They crept through the rank grass until they were near the back of the house, and then again Hank whispered ' Stop.' They halted and listened ; then crept close to the corner of the house and peeped cau tiously around it. Two men were standing near the kitchen door. One of them was at that instant lighting a* match, and by its momentary glare the two examined the fastenings of the door. The light, for an instant, revealed their faces. Suddenly Hank put Ms mouth to Ms companion's ear, and Whispered : ' I'm going to try a trick. Give me the pistol, in case it fails.' He pulled off Ms soft felt hat and threw it upon the ground. ' Will you untie this sling?' he whispered again. The two men at the door-were conversing in low tones. Stanhope wonderingly un fastened the sling and assisted Hank to button his crippled hand in the breast of his coat. Then he gave Mm the pistol. Cool Hank dropped it into his side pocket, and again put Ms mouth close to Stan hope's ear. ' I'm going to play ghost,' he whispered, « If I don't succeed, we'll have to Bhoot, Watch me.' He waited until one of the men at the door Btruck another match, and then he advanced slowly and noiselessly. As the match blazed up, a slight sound, like a sigh, caused the two men to turn their heads. Cool Hank stood before them, upright, motionless, Ms head thrown back, Ms eyes fixed and staring ; one hand was thrust in Ms breast, the other hung loosely at his side. Rigid enough, surely, he looked $ but anything rather than ghost-like, so Stanhope thought. Evidently the men at the kitchen-ddcir thought otherwise, feny after a single glance, they uttered a yell ldud enough to startle the ghost himself, and ran wildly toward the stables. Hank was back beside Stanhope in tanfly. ' How,' he Baid, * which way are they coming ?' A sound answered Mm. The yells of the frightened men had- drawn the besiegers away from the front. They wet e coming around the house, -on the north side. ' Come,' said Hank, and dashed past the kitchen do(?r, around the house, to south ward, and so to the front, closely followed by Stanhope, just as the last man disap peared around the opposite corner. Instantly Cool Hank's mouth was at the keyhole. ' Mag,' he called clearly. Mag's voice, with a note of agitation in it, answered promptly : 'Who is it?' * Cool Hank and a friend, to the rescue. Open Mag.' Then they heard Mag say : ( Barbara, quick— the lamp/ and a light flashed up -within the ? room. * Now unbar the door,' said Mag's voice. They heard a/key turned, and a bolt withdrawn. Then the door opened, and Mountain Mag- stood on the threshold, with a pistol in either hand. She stepped back at sight of them* and in another moment they were ' inside, and Dick Stanhope was making the entrance secure againBt further intruders. 'What ie it?' asked Stanhope, as he turned. * What are they faying tq do f Mag, who. had not withdrawn her gaze from Cool Hank's, face, seemed now, for the first time, to notice the questioner. * 'Oh, Mr. CarBoni* ehe ejaculated; and then added quickly, and with a side glance toward Barbara: ' Trying to force an en trance. They &T;&— ioWmJm.' -.-?-?.., \- Well — ' it was Stanhope -who now ] assumed command — ' we won't let them ' in, just yet. Is your ' arsenal' in order, Miss Drood?' ' Yes,' said Mag breathlessly ; ' we have loaded everything !' And then she added : ' There are ten men. (to be conotntted.) 