iftovciist. Le Mystery of tk Inn; ok, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. a STORY of TREACHERY, CRIME, and remorse. Jiy Anna Catharine Green. Avthor of " JVc; Lwcmcorlh Case," "Behind Closed Doors," etc. C HAPTE 11 XV III. — (Coxtixued. ) The general's second search ended as vainly as liis fir't, and he was hy this time so wroth, not only at the failure ro recover his child, but at the loss which his dignity had suffered by this failure, that he had no sooner reached this spot, and found the young husband still standing where he had left him, than will: a smothered execration, levelled not only at him, but the whole house, he strode out through the doorway, and find ing his bursa ready saddled in front, mounted and rode away, followed by all his troop. And now comes the strangest part of t he tale. He was no sooner gone, and the dust from his horse's hoofs lost in the distance, than 1 turned to the young husband and cried : 'And now where is she? Let us; have her here at once. She must be hungry, and she must be cold. Bring bet. my good sir.' 1 do not know where she is. We must be patient. She will return herself as soon as she thinks it safe.' " 1 could not believe my ears. ''You do not know where she is?' I iep -aied. ' How could you be so self- possessed through all these hours, and all this m-iddened searching, if you did not know she was safe?' " '1 did know she was safe. She sw-ore to me before she set foot upon your door step that she could hide herself in these walls that no one could ever find her till sl.e chose to reveal herself ; and I be lieved her, and felt secure.' " I did not know what to say. " Tint she is a stranger,' I mur mured. " What does she know about my house V " \S!ie is a stranger to you,' he re torted, 'but sbe may not be a stranger to the house. How long have you lived here ?' ' I could not say long. It was at the most hut a year, so 1 merely shook my bead, but 1 felt strangely non plussed. '"This feeling, however, soon gave way :o one much move serious as the moments fled by and presently the hours, and she did nor come. We tried to euro our im patience, tried to believe that her delay was only owing to extra caution ; but as morning waxed to noon, alarm took the place of satisfaction in our breasts, and we began to s- arch the house ourselves, calling her name up and dowu the halls and through the empty rooms, ill it seemed as if the very walls must open and reveal us the being so frantically desired. '"She is not in the bouse," I now as serted to the almost frenzied bridegroom. ' Our lies have come back upon our beads, and it is in the river we must look for her. ' "But lie would not agree with me in this, and repealed again and again ; " 'She said she would hide here. She would lint deceive uie, nor would she have sought death alone. Leave me to look for her anotli-jr hour. 1 must, I can, I will find her yet!' " But he never did. After that last fond look with which she turn, d down that very hall you see before you, we saw her no more ; and if my house owns no gho-t and never echoes to the sound of a banshee's warning, it is not because it does not own a mystery, which is cer tainly thrilling enough iogive us cither." " Oh !" cried our several voices, as I erased, " is that all I And what, became of the poor bridegroom ? And did the father ever come back? And haven't you ever really found out where the poor thing went to ? And do you think -she died V For reply I lose. 1 had never taken my eye off madauie, and the strain upon us both had been brrible ; bnt I Jet my glance wander now, and smiling genially into the eager faces which had crowded around me, I remarked : "I n-ver spoil a good story by too many explanations. You have heard all you will from me to- night. So do not question me further. . Am I not right, madauie ?" / " Perfectly,'' came in her even tones. " And I atn sure we are all very much obliged to yon." I bowed and slipped away into the back-ground- I was worn out. An hour later 1 was passing through the hall above on tny way to my own room. As 1 passed madame's door, I saw it open, and before I had taken three steps aw a 3 I felt her soft hand on my arm. " Your pardon, Mrs. Truax," were her words; "but my daughter lias been peculiarly affected by the story you re lated to us below. She says it is wuise than any ghost story, and that she can not rid herself of the picture of the young wife flitting out of sight down the hall. I am really7 afraid it lias produced a ver3 bad effect upon her, and that she will not sleep. Is it — was it a true 1 story, Mrs. Truax, or were j-ou merely weaving fancies out of a too fanciful brain ?" I smiled, for she was smiling, and shook my head, looking directly into lier eyes. " Your daughter need not lose her sleep," I said, " on account of any story of m lie. I saw the3 wanted something blood- curdling ; so I made up a tale to please them. It was all imagination, i | madauie; all imagination. I thuuld not have told it if it had been otherwise. I think too much of my house." " And j'ou bad nothing to found it upon ? Just drew upon your fancy V" 1 smiled. Her light tone did not de ceive me as to the anxiety underlying all tii is ; i\ui. it was nut in tny plijui to betray my powers of penetration. I preferred that site should think me her dupe. " O," I returned, as ingenuously as if I 1 had llev- r lead a suspicious thought, "1 do not find it ditiicult to weave a tale. I Of course, such a story could not be true. Why, I should be afraid to stay in tiie i inn myself if it were. I could never ! abide anything mysterious. Everything with me must he as open as the day." And with me." she laugh- <i ; hut there was a false note in her mirth, thou .li I did not appear to notice it. " 1 : did not suppose the story was real, but I thought j'ou must ha v.- lad some old tra dition to found it upon ; some old wife's tale or some secret history which is a part and parcel of the house, ami came to j'ou with it. ' But I shook mj' head, still smiling, and answ.-red, quite at mj- ease : "No "hi wife's tale that X have ever heard amounts to much. 1 cat; mak«' up a bettor story any day than those which come down with a house like this. it was all the work of my imagination. 1 as sure you. 1 tried to please them, and I hope 1 did it." Her face changed at once. It was as if a black veil had been drawn away from tt. My daughter will be so relieved, " she affirmed. " I don't mind such lugubrious tales myself, but she i- young and sensi tive, and so tender- hearted. 1 atn sure I thank you, Mrs. Truax, for your consi deration, and beg leave to wish you a good-night." ' I returned Iter civility, and we passed into our several rooms. Would I could know with what thoughts, for my own were as much a mystery to me as were hers. October 9, 1791. Madame never address- s ln r daughter bj" her first name. Consequently we do not know it. This is a matter of surprise to the whole house, ai.d many are the conjectures uttered by the young men as to what it can be. I have no especial curiosity about it — I would much rather know the mother's — and j et I fr< qiiently wonder : for it seems unnatural for a mother always to address her child as Mademoiselle. Is she her mother? I sometimes think she is not. If the interest in the oak pa- lor is what I think it is, then she can not be, for what mother would ui-h to j bring peril to her child ? And peril lies j at the bottom of all interest there : peril j to the helpless, the trusting and the :g- j noraiit. But is she as interested there as i 1 thought her ? 1 have observed me linea ' lutelj' to assure me of it. Perhaps, after j all, I have been mistaken. t j chatter xix. IX THE llALI.s AT MII'NICHT. < fi'Tor.Ki: 10, 1791. I was not mistaken. Madame is not onlj' interested in, but has serious de signs upon the oak parlor. Not coiit-nt with roaming up and down the hallway leading to it. she was detected yesterday morning trying to open its dour, and when politi-ly qu'-stioned as to wi.at she was seeking, answered that she was look ing for the sitting-room, which, bj- the way. is on the other side of the house. And this is not all. As 1 lav in mj- bed j last night, resting as onlj' a wearj- woman j can rest, I heard a light tap at mj- door. Rising, I opened it, and was astonished to see standing before me the light figure of mademoiselle. ''Excuse nie for troubling you." said she, in her pure English — thej both speak good English, though with a foreign accent — '' I am sorry to wake j'ou, but 1 am so anxious about my mother. She went to hed with me, ami we fell fast asleep ; but when 1 woke a little while ago she was missing, and though 1 have waited f<>r her a long time, she does not return, i am not well, and easilj- frigh tened ! O, how cold it is." I drew her in, wrapped a shawl about'her, and led her back to her room. " Your mother will return speedily," 1 promised. Doubtless she felt restless, and is taking a turn or two up and down the hall." ' Perhaps ; for her dressing-gown and slippers are gone. Rut she never did any thing like this before, and in a strange house — A slight trembling stopped the j'oung lady from continuing. Urging li.-r to ge; into bed, I spoke one or two fun her words of a comforting na ture. at which the lovely girl seemed to forget her pride, for she threw her arms about my neck with a low sigh, and pushing me softly from her, observed : "You are a kind woman ; you make me feel happier whenever you speak to me." j Touched, I made some loving reply, ; and withdrew. I longed to linger, longed 1 to tell her how truly I was her friend ; j but I feared the mother's return — feared i to miss the knowledge of madame's | | whereaoouts, which my secret suspicion j made important ; so 1 subdued my feel- j ings and hastened quickly to luv room, j where 1 wrapped myself in a long, dark cloak. Thus equipped, I stole back again to the hall, and gliding with as noiseless a step as possible, found my way to the back stairs, down which I crept, holding my breath, and listening intentlv. To many who read these words, the situation of those back stairs is well known ; but there may be others who will not understand that they lead directly, after a couple of turns, to that hall upou which opens tiie oak parlor. Five steps from the lower floor there is a landing, and upon this landing there is a tall Dutch clock, so placed as to offer a very7 good hiding-place behind it to anyone anxious to gaze unobserved down the hall. But to reach the clock one has to pass :i Miinbiw. and as lliis looks south, and was upon this night open to the moonlight. 1 felt that the situation demanded ci rem aspect ion. I, therefore, paused when I reached the last step above the platform, and listened int ntly before proceeding further. There was no noise ; all was quiet, as a respect able house should be at two o'clock in the morning. Yet from the hall below came an undeiinable something which made iii- feel that she was there ; a breathing influence that woke ev-ry nervous s'-nsi- bilitv within me, and made uiy heart beats so irregular that 1 tried to stop them, le-t mj own pros: nee should be be trayed. She was there, a creeping, bale ful iigu-c, blotting the moonshine with her tall shadow, as she passed, pauther- 1 ike, to ami fr<> before that closed door, or crouched against the wall in the same at titude of listening which I myself as sumed. Or so I pictured her as 1 clung to the balustrade above, asking myself how 1 could cross that strip of moonlight separating me from thai vantage-point I longed to gain. For that I knew her to be there was not enough. I most see her, and learn, if possible, what the attraction was which drew her to this fatal door. But bow. how, how ? If she were watching, as secrecy7 ever watches. 1 co-lid not take a step upon that platform without being discerned. Not evil if a friendly cloud came to ob scure the bright n- ss of the moon, could 1 Imp- ro project the dark figure into that belt of light, without discovery. I must see what ens to he seen from the step where 1 stood, and to do this 1 knew bur oneway. Taking up the- end of my long cloak, I advanced it the merest nitre b'-yond the. edge of the partition rhat separated me from ihe hall below. Tiicn I listened again. No sound, no stir. 1 breathed deeply and thrust my arm still further, the long cloak hanging from it dark and impenetratable to the floor below. Then I waited. The moon light was not quite as bright as it had been ; surely that was a cloud J saw careering over the face of the sky above me. and in another moment, if 1 could wait for it, the hall would be almost dark. I let my arm advance an inch or so further, and satisfied now that I had trot the slit which answers for an arm- hole into a position that would afford me full opportunity of looking through the black wall 1 had thus improvised, 1 watched the cloud for the moment of comparative darkness which 1 bad so 1 confidently expected. It came, and with it a sound — tiie first 1 hud h'-ard. it was from far down the hall, and was, as nom as 1 could judge, of a jingling nature, which for an instant I found it hard to understand. Then the quick suspicion came as to what it was, and, unable to restrain myself longer. I separated tne slit I had spoken of with the filigelo of inv right hand and looked through. There she was, standing before the door of the oak parlor, fitting keys. I knew it at my first glimpse, both from her attitude and the slight noise which the keys made-. Taken aback, for I had not expected this, I sank out of sight, cloak and all. asking myself what I should do. I finnllj decided to do no thing. but would listen, and if the least : intimat'on came to prove that she had succeeded in her endeavor. 1 would then spring down the -ueps that separated ns and hold her back by the hair of her head. Meanwhile I congratulated mj-self that the lock of that room was a peculiar one, and that the onlj' kej I knew of that would unlock it was under the pillow of the bed I bad just left. She worked several mimnes ; then the moon came out. instantly all was still. 1 knew whither sbe bad gone. Near the door she was tampering with is n short passage-way leading to another window. Into this she had slipped, and 1 could look out now with impunity, sure that she would not see nie. But 1 remained immovable. There was another cloud rushing up from the south, and in another moment 1 was confident that 1 should hear again the slight clatter of the kej- against the lock. And i I did, and not onlj once, but several times, which fact assured me that sbe ! had not onlj- brought a handful of kej-s 1 with her, but that these kej-s must have come from some more distant quarter - than the town ; that indeed she had i come provided to the Ilappy-Go-Lu-ky for this nocturnal visit. j She did not succeed in her efforts. Had j she brought burglars' tools I hardly think shb would have been able to open that lock ; as it was, there was no hope for her, and presently Ehe seemed to compre- ' heinl rhi-q <u' the slight sounds o--a.sert, j and, present I v. 1 heard a st- p, ami peer- | ing recklessly from mj' corm r, I per- j ceivd her gliding awaj- towards the front stairs. 1 smiled, but it could not have been in a way she would have enjoyed seeing, and crept noiselessly to my own room, aud our doors closed simulta neously. This morning I watched with some an xiety for her first look. It was slightly inquiring. Summoning up my best smile, 1 gave her a'cheerful good-morning, and then observed : '' I am glad to see you look so well this morning ! Your daughter seemed to be concerned abou. j'ou in the night be cause j-ou had left your bed. But 1 told her I was sure all was right, that you were feeling nervous, and onlj' wanted a breath of the fresh air you would find in the balls." " You understand your own sex," was her light reply, after, this short study of nij- face. " Yes, I was very nervous. I have cares on mj mind, and, though my daughter does not realise it., I often lie awake at her side, longing for space to breathe in and freedom to move as freely as mj uneasiness demands. Last niglit my feelings were too much tor my self- control, and I arose. I hope I did not seriously disturb j-ou, or awaken anybody with my restless pacing up and down the hall V I assured her that it took more than this to disturb me, and that after quiet ing her daughter 1 had immediately fallen asleep ; all of which she maj' have believed or may not ; I had no means of reading her mind, as she had no means of reading mine. But whether she was deceived or whether she was not, she certainly looked relieved, and after some short re marks about the weather, turned from me with the most cheerful air in the world, to greet her daughter. As for nie, I have made up mj mind to change mj' room. I shall not say any thing about it or make any fuss on the subject, but to-night, and for some nights to come, I intend to take up my abode in a certain small room in the west wing, not very far removed from the dreadful oak parlor. charter xx. the sj'oxi; ix the oakhex. October 11, 1791. This morning the post brought two letters for my strange guests. Being | anxious to see how tli-y would be re- I ceived I carried them up to Madame Letellier's room myself. Tiie ladies were sitting together, the daughter embroidering. At the sight of the letters in mj- hand tin j both rose, the daughter reaching me first. " Let me have them !" she cried, a glad, bright color showing for a moment oil her cheek. "From .your father?" asked the mother in a tone of nonchalance, that did not de ceive me. The girl shook Iter head. A smile as exquisite as it was sad made her mouth beautiful. "From — " sbe began, but stopped, whether front an instinct of maidenly shame or some secret signal front her mother, 1 cannot saj. " Well, never mind," the mother ex claimed, and turned away towards the window in a maimer that gave me my dismissal. So I went out, having learned no thing, save the fact that mademoiselle had a lover, and that her lips could smile. They did not smile again, however. Next day she looked whiter than ever, and languid as a broken blossom. " She is ill," declared madame. " The stairs she has to climb are too much for her." " Ah, ah !" thought I to myselF, "that is the first move," and waited for the next development. It has not come as soon as I expected. Two daj's have pissed, and though Mademoiselle Letellier grows thinner and thinner, nothing more has been said about the stairs. But the time has not passed without its incident, and a j serious enough one, too, if these women | are, as I fear, in the secret of the bidden chamber. | It is this : In the garden is a white stone. it is plain-finished but unlettered. It marks the resting-place of Honors Urquhart. ' For reasons which we all thought good, \- - — — - — I I we have taken no uninterested person j | into the secret of this grave any more | | than we have into that of the hidden chamber. Consequently no one in the house but myself could answer Madame Letellier, when, stopping in her short walk up and down the garden path, she asked what the white stone meant and what it marked. I would not answer her. I had seen from the window where I stood the quick surprise with which she had come to a standstill at the sight cf this stone and I had caught the tremble in her usually sfeadj voice as she made the inquiry- I have mentioned above. I there fore hastened down and joined her before she had left the spot. " You are wondering what this stone means," I observed, with an indif ferent tone calculated to set her at her ease. Then suddenly, and with a changed voice and a scared look into her face, I added : " It is a bead-stone ; a dead body lies here. " She quivered, and Iter lids fell. For all her self-possessiott — and she is the most self-possessed I ever saw in my life — she showed a change that gave me new thoughts and made me summon up all the strength 1 am mistress of, in order to preserve the composure which her agita tion had so deeply shaken. " You sliock inc." were her first words, uttered very slowly, and with a trans parent show of indifference. "It is not usual to find a garden used for a burial place. May I ask whose body lies here ? That of some faithful black or of a favor ite horse ?" " It is not that of a horse," I returned, calmly. And greatly pleased to find that I had placed her in a position where she would be obliged to press the question if she would learn anything more, I walked slowly on, convinced that she would fol low me. Kln> did, giving me short side glances, which I bore with an equanimity thai much belied the tempest of doubt, re pugnance and horror that were struggling blindly in my breast. But she did not renew the subject of the grave. Instead of that, she opened one of her most fas cinating conversations, endeavoring by her whiles and graces to get at my con fidence and insure my good-will. And I was hypocrite enough to de ceive her into thinking she had done so. Though I showed her no great warmth, 1 carefully restrained myself front be traying mj' real feelings, allowing her to talk on, and giving her now and then ait encouraging word or an inviting smile. For 1 felt that she was a serpent and must be met as such- if she were the woman 1 thought her, I should gain nothing and lose all by betraying my dis trust, while if she felt me to he her dupe 1 might yet light upon the seciet of her interest in the oak parlor. Her daughter was waiting for us in the door- way when we reached the house. At the sight of l:er pure face, with its tender, gray ej-es and faultless features, a strong revulsion seized me aud 1 found it diffi cult not to raise my arms in protest be tween her beauty and winning womanli ness and the subtile and treacherous- hearted being who glided so smoothlj' to wards her. But the movement, had I made it, would have been in vain. At the sight of each other's faces a lovely smile arose on the daughter's lips, while on the mother's flashed a look of love which would be unmistakable even on the countenance of a tiger, and which was at this moment so vivid aud so real that I never doubted again, if I had ever doubted before, that mademoiselle was her own child — flesh of her flesh, and bone of her bone. "Ah, mamma, '' cried one soft voice, " I have been so lonesome I" ' Darling," returned the ether, in tones as true and caressing, " I will not leave jTou again even for a walk, till j-ou are quite well." And taking her by the waist, she led her down the hall towards the stairs, lookiug back at me as she did so, and say ing: " 1 cannot take her to Albany till she is better. You must think what we can do to make her strong again, Airs. Truax." And she sighed as she looked tip the short flight of stairs her daughter had to climb. October 15, 1791. That stone in the garden seems to pos- sess a magnetic attraction for madame. She is over it or near it half the time. If I go out iu the early morning to gather grapes for dinner, there she is before me, pacing up and down the paths converging to that spot, and gazing witli eager ej7es at that simple stone, as if by the force of her will she would extract its secret and make it tell her what she evidently burns to know. If I want flowers for the parlor mantel and hurry into the garden during the heat of the day, there is madame with a huge hat on her head, plucking asters or pulling down apples from the low-hanging branches of the trees. It is the same at night-fall. Sus picious, always suspicious now, I fre quently stop, in passing through the ' upper western ball, to take a peep from the one window that overlooks tins part of the garden. I invariably7 see her there ; and renii'Uibt-ring that her daughter is ill, remembering that in my hearing she pro mised that (laughter that she would not leave her again, I feel impelled at times , to remind lier of the fact, and see what J reply will follow. But 1 know. She Jwill say that she is not well herself ; that the breeze from the river does her good ; that she loves nature, and sleeps better after a ramble under the stars. I can not disconcert Iter — not for 1'u.g — and I cannot compete with her in volubility and conversational address, so I will continue to plaj7 a discreet part and wait. October 17, 1791. Madame has become bolder, or Iter j curiosity more impatient.. Hitherto she Ihas been content with haunting the garden, and walking over and about that ( one place in it which possesses peculiar i interest for her and me. Rut this even- j ing, when she thought no one was lool;- l ing, when after a hurried survey of the h<»ue and grounds, she failed to detect nty sharp eyes behind the curtain of the rpper window, she threw aside discretion, knelt down on the sod of that grate, and pu.siii d aside til - grass that grows about that stone, doubtless to see if there were any marks or inscription upon it. There j are none, hut I derermined she should 1 imt he sure of litis, so before she I could satisfy herself, 1 threw up the win- dow neniua wmcii l sojou, making so much noise that it alarmed her, and she hastily arose. 1 met her hasty look with a smile which it was too dark for her to see, and a cheerful good-evening which I presume fell with anything but a cheerful sound upon lier ears. " It is a lovely evening," I cried. " Have .you been admiring the beautiful sunset 1" "Ah, so much !" was her quick reply, ai d she began to saunter in slowly. But I knew she left her thoughts out there with that mysterious grave. 12 3t. Another midnight adventure 1 Late as it was, I must put it down, for T can not sleep, and to-morrow will bring its own story. 1 had gone to bed, but not to sleep. The anxieties under which I now labor, the sense of mystery which pervades tha whole house, and the secret but ever present apprehension of some impending catastrophe, which has followed me ever since these women came into the house, lay heavily on my mind, and prevented all rest. The change of room maj7 also j have added to my disturbance. 1 am j wedded to old things, old ways, and i habitual surroundings. I was not at; home ill this small and stuffy apartment, with its one narrow window and wretched accommodations. Nor could I forget near what it lay, nor rid myself of the horror which its walls gave nie whenever I I realised, as I invariably did at night, that onlj7 a slight partition separated me from the secret, chamber, with its ghastlj7 memories and ever to be remembered horrors. 1 was lying, then, awake, when some impulse — was it a magnetic one? — caused me to rise and look out of the window. I did not see anything unusual — not at first — and 1 drew back. But the impulse returned, aud I looked again, and this time perceived among the shadows of the trees something stirring in the garden, j though what 1 could not tell, for the j night was unusuallj7 dark, and nty j window verj- poorly7 situated for see ing. But that there was something there was enough, aud after another vain attempt to satisfy myself as to its character, I dressed aud went into the hall, deter mined lo ascertain if any outlet to the house was open. I did not take a light, for I know the corridors a- i do my own hand. But I almost wished 1 had as I sped from door to door and window to window ; for tiie events which had blotted mj7 house with mystery were beginning to work upon my mind, and 1 felt afraid, not of my shadow, for 1 could not see it, but of my step, and the great gulfs of darkness that were con tinually opening before my eyes. However, 1 did uot draw back, and I did not delay. I tried the front door and found it locked ; then the south door, and finally the oue in the kitchen. This last was ajar. 1 knew then what had hap pened, Madame lias had more than one talk with Chloe lately, and the good ne- gresa lias not been proof against her wiles, and has taught her the secret of the kitchen lock. I shall talk to Chloe to-morrow. But, meantime, I must follow madauie. But should I ? I know what she is doing in the garden. She is wandering round and round that grave. If I saw her 1 could not be any surer of the fact, and I would but reveal my own suspicions to her hy showing myself as a spy. No, I will remain here in the shadows of the kitchen, aud wait for her to return. The watch maj7 be weird, but no weirder than that of a previous night. Besides, it will uot be a long one ; the air is too chilly.7 outside for her to risk a lengthy stay in it. I shall soon perceive her dark figure j glide 111 through the door-way. And I did. Almost before I had with drawn into my corner I heard the faint fall of feet on the stone without, then the subdued but unmistakable sound of the opening door, and lastly the locking of it and the hasty tread of her footsteps as she glided across the brick flagging and disappeared into the hall beyond. " She has laid the ghost of her unrest for to-night," thought I. " To-morrow it will rise again." And I felt my first movement of pity for her. Alas ! does that unrest spring from premeditated or already accomplished I guilt ? Whichever it may be — and I am ' ready to believe in either or both — she is a burdened creature, and the weight of her fears or her intentions lie heavily upon her. But she hides the fact a nil consummate address, and when under the eyes of people smiles so brightly and con ducts herself with such st charming grace that, half the guests that come and go con sider her as lovely and more captivating than her daughter. What would they think if they could see her as I do rising in the night to roam about a grave, the unmarked head-stone of which baffles her scrutiny ? October, 18, 1791. This morning 1 rose at daybreak, and going into the garden, surveyed the spot which 1 had imagined traversed by Madame Letellier the night before. I found it slightly"trampled, but what in terested me a great deal more than this was the fact that, on a certain portion of tiie surface of the stone I have so often mentioned, there were to be seen small particl-'s of a white substance, which I soon discovered to be wax. Thus the mystery of her midnight visit is solved. She has been taking an impression of what, in her one short glimpse of yesterday evening, she had thought to be an inscription. What a wonderful., woman she is ! What skill she shows ; what secrecy and what puipose. If she cannot compass her end in one way, she will in another: and I begin to have, not withstanding my repugnance and fear, a wholesome respect for her ability, and the relentless determination which she shows in every action she performs. When site finds that her wax shows her nothing but tbe natural excrescences and roughness of an unhewn stone, will she persist in her visits to the garden ? I - think uot. I October 19, 1791. j My last surmise was a true one. Madame has not spent a half hour all told in the garden since that night. She has turned her attention again to the oak parlor, and soon we shall see her make some decided move in regard to it. — To he Continued.) 