Oountry Oorrespondenoe. ROSEWOOD. [(rOM OR OWN COBRPBDEDEW.q?. An entertainment was given, in the Farmers' •all, here, on the '26th ultimu, by the newly formed minstrel troupe, in aid of the Rosewood Crikeat Olob. Financially it was a great see oesa. ,A few of the members are rot quitd new to the " burnt coik bnasiness"; the majority, however, are new hands, and, as a natural consequence, appeared ratherbashful. This, of ooerse, will wear off with a little preactice4 the j ,les of the comic men were originsl and witty, and, as they referred to local peoples, they amnsed the audience very moob, eopeoially tholse referring to the Farmere' Cibb, the polioe, and the ohemiat. I hear that it ie the inten tion of the troupe to give a aimilar entertain meet monthly in fetere. Songs wereglven, by tiro ladies from tbhe audenoe, whicoh were lonilly applauded. Danolsig was eommenaoed after the eutertainment, aid kept up antil all were thoroughly antisfed. & meeting of the committee of the Farmern' Olub was hbeld. in the Ball, here, on Satorday iwenigatn. To" the pu rpose of appointIng a seoretary. Tenders had been invited for thbe nppcintmenl, and eight were received, varying f'em £5 to £120 per snuem. After a good deal of eonalderation, it wean de ided to re-appoint Mr. REvans. the former seoretary, at a aslay of £20 per anonm b e sa as he rmeceived last year which I think was very wise on their part, -?he is very energetic and straightforward in the performaonce of his duties- teoo much so for snme individuate. Mr. lamhert, M.L A., pre sildent of the club, presided at the meeting, whiobh was very harmonioua. He thanked the members of the olub fir the honour of again electoi himpreeldent. te also gave them some good advioe, and pioted out what a lot of good the club bad done for the district, although it had eomotimes been used as a means ot indnlg ing in personalities. Yet it could not be denied atthas i badone good to the ditriot. He also impressed upon those preesent the necessity of establiehing a school of arts, or somethssg of that sort, in the towehbip, to provide some profitable secreation f r the rising generot on. At present, when the young penple went out at night, they had nothing to do but lounge about ohe. 'oneehip. Toe lato rain repleninhed the tunks apd water.hotsa, and gave the graess a good start. The seoil is now in good condition to receive maime, which is being planted freely. We have now four botels in this rising townehip; the last one was erected, by Mr. J. E. Johnson, formesrly of your towu. It is a nice two storey building, with oellar to keep the beer sool, Weare well ahead of rEquire mente in this line of bhesisn; they all aeemto be doinga very 'steady" bnsnmessin foot, the business in this line was getting so "eteady' tint it was in danger of coming to a dead at p; but the slate rain might liven it up s bit. Mr. Bodge, of the Rosecood Botel, with commend. able enterprise, has lately ereoted, at hise own expense, a "sikitealley," where the rising or asoy other generation can play ekitles and drink lbeer free gravis-if they ane not "atook." [vaOv ANOEE 00MonnDaNPo Te. A conecrt was given, in the Agricnltural Hall, on Friday night lant, by the Durktown Minstrels, in aid of the local orioket clhub. The attendanoe was natisfeotory, as the fioanoes afterwards showed, The concert wnas opened y Mr. F. Phillips playing a piano orestre in 'imoa firastea.ratle. Theop?onig ehoree, by the oompany, wa all that ould be desired. Mr M'Otll rendered "Dear Me" in oapital Ibtyle. Mr. R. Hodge gave "The Midship mite" well. Mr. Ake's rendering cf "Climb log up the golden etairLn" fairly broaght down the hease. Mr. O'Carroll's rendering of " Alex. Bobertaon'a death," thongh oreditable other. wibe, was somewhat marred bhr the nervoosnesn of the stager. Mr. M'Oslt submitted 'Razors in the air" in inch a manner as to bring forth s soneore. Mr. B. Hodge sang '' Oar Jack's ome home to-d.y" in a cspital manner. Mr. M'Call rendered "The golden sword" well, and an encore was demanded for Mr. Ake's ningig of "Dam golden slippers." The irst port of the entertainment wound op with a sketch of the late general meetng of the local Farmers' Clob, whioh greatly took the fanoy of the audioence. The sen?ond portion of the programme opened with a Jaree styled "Connoilites," Messrs. M Call and Minogne takiag the part of the niggers; and Mr. O'Crroll that of the ghost. Songs were rendered by Miss O'Donnell, Mrs. Bond, and Meaere. M'Call, Heodge, Butt, and F. O'Donnell. The entertaonment wound up with the old.time farce " Thumbs Up," the parts being taken hy Mr. R. Hedge, as the em. ployer; Mg, M Cull, the servant; and Mesre. O'Csrroll, Farrell, Haineaworth, and Minogue, a, actors in search of employment. This farce elicited boroe of epplause from the audience. The dance, afterwarde, was well attended, the muelo being provided by Mr. P. Hicoke, and Mr. F. O'Dlonnell aoting as M.C. Dancinog was kept up till mornmg, songs being rendered, in the Itervals, by Mener. Molloy and O'Carroll. The minstrels will repeat their enterteinltment in a few weekn'-ime, when.it is to be-hoped that their audieonce will be just as large. 