::::A SMKUGGLER'S SECRET.' Br FRANK BARREIT, 'he'suthc r of " eAdmirelte Lady ficddy Fane,' • - Undera itsngv s,"Y?%ttorer Life.," APT: ER XXI. FetaPLSXITY. ,- Sir Henry did not return that night as he hat .romisod. I could not oaneeive of old Peter Ncz?rying such a contemptibly insignifican 'weapon as a modern revolver, otherwise iahould have feared that the eoot I herd had be?frd by hi, and that Hlr Henry was hit 'at thutedstho shot rather to poachers iu Si Hesnry's preserves, and his absesee to the per. : ueti ofthem. All doobtal s to rhis safett' er 'removed by his coming over to the oottga th~ e f -ollowing morning soon after Psyche hadgone Supio her room forthe day. SHe was quite self-posseesed his manner 'indeed wos almost apatheti as he gave me his ".hand aid then dropped into the seat on the lawn. The only trace of that agitation which had unmanned him the previoes 'ie(ht was in the haggard, we- "t- Ld nld e-Presdou f his Sface h looked Like e gasler who has played S long ansd teat all. " There was a shotip the ptrklhetniglt, " h "began; "you mayhave heard it. I thought Smy daughter might be larmaed, and so went itn. 'Quite as well you will say, seeing that I wase ano more fit to be at largo than a maniac. She kneow what .was the matter with me, and : bro'ught me round as only she can," he re :peated slowly, "'as only she ian.' Thouen after a pause he ctinued, "One of Ithlsedays, hir. Thorns. you may know the vatlueo of my -'dasghter Ethel; theo ehouldy.ou be threatened with the loss o' her you will undrstonmd nmy loeling. Fancy, if a .man came insolently to SJyou and said he lovedyeor wife and umeant to take her from you if hi could,howv you would cfel towards that man; .?d if in addition' to ....~a:`se'y`sur were otittod i o os poihiltt. orf ?idg :'t.- oken freeo yOu , hose wyould feel towards S'the world," ' You r.re speaking now of the love ofa man '-'for his wife." ",'- "t Well, sir," he returned, sharply, "may a otthe love of a father for his daughter be as deep and strong as. that of a husebmd for his wife. The love I bore her mother is contered ' in my daughter--all the ltove of my heart." He turned his hack upon moe for a moment, thee glancing round the garden, he asked: " WVhere is shoe-that other unloved soul 1" I explained thoss she slept during the day,, being unable to endure thelight after living seo' long in darkness. " TweiveyeaLrs wfthont light or love," he said, visibly moved ; " a month would kill me. She lov you, Ethel tellesme." \- ' That m only natural, as she knows nene 1 ' "but me." " It neveroccurred tayo that she might be F our wife P" , "HOW cowld it *cter to me, loving yter d daohter as I do ?" •: Hknlttod his brows as he buried his faco .in his hands, his elbows restinge on ib ",aee. Raainghis head after a minune's silense, 'R~esaid`: ": -"It ims'ttight that the gjat shmld live here with you. I am not apakin from any con : entional consideratin of propriety, bat with :regard to. the gid's future. You are .streengtheing the tie of atffectio. which pro '.entlyistobesnapped. Youought thweaken ,.t, that wthen the shock comes it may not -ireak her heart" "I hope to find her family or friends, until then she mus! stay with me." " Not necessarily," he said, his eyes ":brightening., " Let her come to os. Ethel S''deeply oltreated in her. Let her dangerous _ ro for yeu be replaced by a love for a 'I: . With all psy heart I car wish Psyche no . ntar happoness than to livre with your S, "'twoald be a healthier life forher,0 he -ontinued with growing exaitement. "She . :'wouldget to know the world she is to live in. STVe could take her abroad whiaeri yfep are looking : hr ns firind?." He looked eagert lento my eyes as he made ''this proposition. Trhere was a wonderful ex epresosn of his face, apathy had changed to ee eninterest. Itwae tillaggambler'sfec, hut .'t wore the look of one who sees his way to e triev a fortune by plclking ap e? ,-or thc first time a doubt of hie ahonesty rose in my mind. I believe he saw it, for his eye qualed before mine, ':'':ah ho rose muttering' something in a deep self-depreciatory tone that I could not "at?i.tb.' He paced aeEss the lawn with his c'eheadhent, and when he returned, the evil look w::as gone from" his face. As he seated himself ~i~ aB~g~aiahodLe ate, heaaid: ''· "?? ','It?:wsiclefut tod, so"T'E'-?. "'1 ?i.tomaita eympafhise with the girl's feelings more than 'youanbelieve. She mustnotloseyou at once 'he that, Wiht have you done towards finding her family 1" Itold himof the advertisement I had inserted .and the answer I had received. "Yon had no ether answer ?" he asked. * ' e-." * And what do you propose to do now E" S "Advertise aganl-iftI find l o ifurthler notice to?ien of the last. There may be r letter at rthe op-office now. I shafl go over presently to ". -'Yes,it's not unlikely. Some sharp lawyer may see his way to malking mouy throughs it. Nhe man who got rid of the child would be only 'o hglad, one may suppose, to claim her and put her out of the way more securely. Have Syou thought of that " " Yes, I am not certain that I have not resady playedinto the hands of that manor ?e agents." " I daresay you have," he replied calmlty, \- it any mte you seethe danger of advertising i 'h~at way. It would be far safer to put the affair lsto the hands of agoodsolicitor; doyou :ow one?" " Only your solicitor, Mr. Andrews, at Bot Isort." "A good man, but not at ahl suited to an in vrestigation of this kind. You lmadhetter leave . ,ttome. IwillseoAndrewsand asek him who * s athobest man in the profession to employ if Syou like ?" I accepted the offier at once. "' Thouen you will take no further steps at pro. ee?tst." " I shalt be very happy to leave it entirely Fnyour hands.' "Good." .Heseemedpleasedwith smyrenewed oonfidence : n him. He was leaning forward, with his telbows on his knees, looking on the ground. 'A.Rfter a mbment's pause, without raisin~ g his "fjead, he said: ,,'t" Someone will be going up from the house : io Towerbridge in the course of the morning; 1ihall he inquire at the poest- offico if there is any :letter foryeu "tr I assented to this, giving him the name to which answer were to be addrsosed. " Very well, that is sOettleti," he said, draw : ing aleng breath and risinga to his feet. "Let us wal. Thereis somethingeise I want to may to you." We walked tupand down the lawn. After a 'couple of tuns, hle said : ' You tld me you had found some sort of treasure in thoese carves. What do you value it t:. "'Roghly, I think about ten thousand p-. ounds.' "'More orlvls. The ground in which the evey a, d the eatto o on thao aEM-your " Yes." SIf I geive you a cheque for twentythousand rpeiounds will you let me have the frpehold and 'ull possession of all that is to be found in the caves. Remembor you may have found but part -of the treasure." " You are welcome to the rest" "Then that is a bargain, and I may have osseesion as soon as I choose after paying." " Certainly." ' "Why did you hesitate ?" " Because your offer seemed too generous." "'It. is not generous. I want those caves, -anel wold have paid twice as much to get ' them." \- My grandfathec inhabits the cottage," I 'f" I know he does. Hemay live there as long "as he pleases. I will nrrau?oe with him." : We took another turn in lence, for his c. trange contradictory maurer bewildered me. 'Opposite the wicketl he stopped. "Thatinll 1 have to say now," he said. "Come over this evecing. That cheque shall be- ready for you. Bring Psyche with you. There isno time to lose." CILAPTER XXII. When the sun had set we went to the Chase. , a"eyhd and I, she agreeing to pay this visit far m. 4more readily thon I attliclpated. S" :'Shall ydu be gblad.to seeEthel ?"P' Iasked, ",: 7.?hewl sh promp ting the quca fion. " Yes," le unswered, nodding her head. s' There is so much I want to ask her that I Scan'task you, so much I want to learn. I can i:;ot talk much to you because I don't know .enough oords, andsometimes I say the wrong Ir-nos, andit makeesy laugh, od showa me Saow.foolish Iam. But I think a groat deo 'when my eyes are shut." -•"Can yoa tell me what you think P" ': S ma~yhthing! Ithink ho an beautiful it -. to sitandistento you speak; andI think if -. "e couldlearm more words I could talk to you; &llrighintereavL; and make ,you happy-josIt ia you inik ma. happsy. Sometimen I thini" I an no more thsn the little creatures in the-garder that we forgetthe noext daybeoause the cyIo toll us what they think and feel. And I wan to be somethingenore than .that, you know.' There was a pathetic vibration in her voice as it sank in this la t nhrase. Then, in a firmes tone, she added. ' ~So I want to see' all that Ethel can do, and learn how to do it very soon -very soon." We mot Ethel ani h ter fer in thle drive, and walked together'lhrough the flower sarden andthe consorvatories, thero being still lght eneouh to reveal the tints of the blooms even to ieinare~ eyes. Unler his daughter's intlu ence Sir Henry was always reasonable, and at most times amiable and interesting but this evening I was struck hey the tdunder inter~st he took in Psyche. He devoted himself almost ex elusively to her and betrayed no svmptoa of jealous or sT8econ whoa Ethel snd I linpred Sthe rear. The manner of thie extriordlnen ma was now as opposed to his brueqqlerie of the morning as that toQ the quaking agitation of the night before. Selecting soma of the blos souns that Psyche most admired, he arranged them. with taste in a spray, gosiping at the same' time in a simple wiu that she could understand, and fastened it upon her dress. Psydio was delighted, pointing out to nie'-that it was like the spray that-Ethel wore. "I had n,' idea the girl woas so intelligent." he saidio me.when Pth che haddrawF Ethel away with the srioss view she had in mild. " And how exceedinglv sweet her manner is." I repeated what Psyche had sid in coming. " lhat wish of here'would be terribly pathetic if it were impossible to realiseit," he remarked: h but, thank God, it may be renalsed. She shall leara all that she wishoes to know. I Wif adopt her a myoo_ s daughter." " If her risEl parents are not found," I sug gested. • -a "True, hot I do not think they wsil be -eead," he- said, its as odd, dry tone. "LBy t e-b-e, there waso no letter for you nt Tewer?, -ridge. I saw Andreewa this ciftemeon and pat the case hypothetically before hun. He is disi tinotly of opinion thatso far astle gl's wel fare is cosncerned the best thing is to donething. The great thing to be feared is that'the man wha put iher out of the way twelve ysarn ago wilt get her Bito his hands tgain in order to put her away effret~ally and for ever. There cia be no doubst that the crime was attempted with a mercenary motive : the chibld comiaghbetween this manal nUa fortune. If thatwas so Psyche is st1l the rightful heiress, and mare dangerous to the man now thuan she was as a child. At any rate it wi util be most unwise to do any thieg in a harry. There is no neceesity for -hiate. intend, with the blessing of heaven," he murmurqd fervently, " to repair thewrong that hasbeen done to that poor girl, and to be to hera better friend than those who suffered her to be earried away." Tlere wasan awkwarcd pause. I could not account satisn.ctority to myself for the feeling of embarrassment that made me silent. "You can't make it out," said Sir HoeNry, ebserving my sileouce. " That- does -not sur prise me. To you it mustseem that my con duct has bemn that of a manoe rather than a ne mano, and nothing must appear more mad than my proposal to adopt as myflaughter a glI saw fir the firsttime last night. Every effectis inexplicable until the cause thatpee duced itstonds revealed. My quickly changne moosds are inexplieable, Believe me, not one those moods weold appear more unaccountable than the phases in an eclipse ii you knewof the shadow cast upon my life. 'IThat shadow is nearly past, thaak God ! One of these days- notnow-you shall know all !" As he spokc the last words he opened his note-book and took out a paper, which he now patin my hand. 1 "That is the cheque for the propertyyea were good enough to let me have," he seld, an a tone of real gratitude. " With it, Bernard. I give you permnis?s?ion to ask my danghtor to be your wife." This was as unexpected as anything he had tet said or done, andhis tonebetaying none of hat bltter sense deprivation be had before di?p layed made le contradiction more ob "In givingyon my daughter," lhe continued, " you may, perhaps, find som reason for my eager desire to adopt Psyche." If I had not been blinded by a lover's emotion I might have found another reason, and seen that I was taking a bribe. We found poo Psyche in the library looking, with pained wonder, at an open book, aod striving to undlerstand that each collection of black marks mesant i word, and that these words takii. together told of something that people wanted \ss know. From the book she looked round the rosim at the shrelves from floor to celing, filled ?with s im ilar.b5 ? .k . ' "- .. . " Are they all the ssame " shei asked" "No, see, this is quite different," replied Ethel, opeoing another, andi telling her the story it contained in a few easy words. But the story failed to charo Psyche, for she had a ' very serius object in making these in qaurtes. " Can you read them-all these little words in all thee books T" she asked in awe. " Yee, Ethel can read themr all, and so will you be able to read them one of these days," aid Sir Henry kindly. Psyche drew a loug breath in silcace. Thet turning to Ethel, she said- " Now I want to hear you sing a song with words." Ethel took her into the drawingroom, and sitting ldown to the piaio easg a simple ballad to her owIn aeCompasiment. " Oh, that is beautiful," said Psyche, after listening in rapt attention. ' I want to hear it again, let me do it." shnd seating herself before the piano she pressed the noses as she had seen Ethel press thiem; but when nothing but discord came from hier touch she drew back frightened, and looked round to see if we were laughing ait her folly. But the poor child's ignorance and dismay morved us in another waY. ' Yosu willhave to learn a long while, dear, beforeyou can play," said Ethel, sitting down beside her and taking her hand. " I have been learning asten I was quite a little child." When we left the house the stars were out. •'Look, look !" cried Psyche, lifting Ethel's hand in delight, " oee, she wears dowdrops on her fingers." At a word from her father Ethel took the diamond ring off aid elipped it on Psyche's finger. It's a dewdeiop that doesni't fadeo, and that yoeu can keep for ever, and you shal wear it always, dear, for my sake." As Psyche sat by mny side in the night she held up the ring and looked at the glancing rays wolttully. SBrother," she said, " it does not look so lovely oni my hand as it did on hers. My fiugers are not so esmooth and whitd as here." " Working in the sand has spoiled them. That's all over now." " Yess, we shall work side by side no more." Presently she looked at the ring sagain. " Oh, it was kins of her to give it to mea," she osaid, pressing the ring to her cheek. " She is all kind, and good, and sweet, and beautiful. You don'tknow anyone in all the world more beau tiful and good, do you ?" " No,Psyche." " I dos't think there will ever be one like her," 6bsesaid in a gaiet tone of conviction. " Why, I thougtt you were going to be like her," I said lightly, hOlsing to change the vein of sadness in which her thoughts seemed to be unuing. But thao pleresetry wae unpor ceived. "No," said she, eshaking her helad gravely, " I can never be like her. I was silly and vsaiu to think that. I know better now. Icould never learn all those words- never sing as she does, forSohe has. bhen leirning since she was a little child-all the :time I have been livingin the dark. I shall never bt anythiung but a silenit little creature of the garden;" her vol's trem. bled. " Talk to me, dear, just a little more, and let me listen, as I did in the cave when you first came to me and I knew notohing. Oh, it was ood to know nothing then ; it is dreadful to -now mso little now. My heart is very fell. I cannot speak." My heart was full also, but I managed to speao eneerfutlya s I reasoned with her, show iuglthat our happiness did not depend upon our excelling all others, or there could be butloune happy person in the whlole world; thatno two -persons are alive but each has some excellence which the other may lack without beingless lovable ; and other truisas of alike kind. 'thether she followed my argument or understood it I caunuot tell. Perhaps it was cily thesound of my voice she heard while her thoushts were occupied with pleasant memo rie. '3ut she seemed comforted now and again, smoothing my shoulder gently with her cheek as she did when she hwas hlappy. I thpught I might take advsntoge of this mood to prepare her for the comning change,'so I spoke of our visit to the Chase, and the thisgs we had mseesn. It pleased her to talk about the greenhouses and the gorgeous flowers in them. " But it was soi strlange," she said, in atoue of awe. " It will seem less strange and more boeauti ful whenyonukosv them better." " Are we going there again F" she asked, ahvly. ... by We are going to dine 'there to.morrow evenin . YTsu wsil like to go F" "W~erever you go I must like to go." . "' You don't mialike Sir Henryi." "-Oh, no. Ilikehim a greatdeal." .-'I am glad of that., Do you knew he-wnto you tohive vith'him altayse F" - " " W~h,, I csuan'( dosthat,'" shoeeclaimed, .Jamghin'. Then eeong mo grave, her smile hweuloa denly, and he saidwith an acceant of consternation, " You don't want me to 'go away from you-you will not make me go to him P' ,I'1 not make yon do anythetg, Psyche, that hurts you. You ahaU live with me along as you will." '" Oh, my brother," she exclaimed, clasping my arm to her breast. Presently I said : " Wouldyou like to have Ethel always for a companion and friend ?" , . I do not understand that. ' I cannot live al.vavswith her and with you too." " Not while we live asunder aswe do. But if Iask Ethel tolive with ns and she says yes." " She will Inever say yes," Ps?yebo said, con fidlentl~y. "Nover, never,never ." I tlaughed and asked has she could tell Ithat. . "I can tell it by what I fool," she ah swered. " When she looks at you and you look at her-when you speak low together as you did to-night, I could cry with the pain in my heart. Then how could aho bear to see no sinisg as we sit now, whispering to each othei thrnsh the night with no thought for any other No, no !--she could not do that. It would be too much ipain. More than'she could bear. She would i athtr live alone than see that you are my brother and not hera." How oould I tell her that I loved Ethel more than I Ibved her? I rose, putting ofi a little longr the evil hour. Psycho rarely came down from her room before sunset; we were to dine at 8 o'clock, but Sir iHenry had askeed me to come i the afternoon. lewsa bidding Ethel god-nsight at that moment, and the mutual pressure of our hands couveyed the feeling with which we looked forward to the meeting bhtter than my faltering tongue expressed. I en'otssp to ke housee at 4, mnd ateer coe goieral enverastion Sir Heary excused him self md went lttOe thao library, leaving Ethel and meto ourselves. We strolled in the shade of the pinwood, and there I asked Ethel to be my wife, and she canmeinto my arms and I held herhe roob livioue of everything but the crowning happi ness of my life. " Why are yon crying, love '" 5 aked. 6he mised her heod from my breast and showed me a face radiant with happinesa. " Why should I cry ?" ehe asked. I was perplexed. I could have sworn that as I mruniured my love over her bent head kissisig the waving hair, I heard a smo~hered sob. it we getting dusk when we saw Sir Henry in the dre. '"I am going over to fetch Psyche-my other child," he ?iad. I gave him the key of the 1 door, content to stay with my love. Ten minutes perhaps had gene by when Sir Hanry appesned again in the drive. He was alooe and walking lhstily. . " Wherob Psyche? " he asked, whenho was within speaking distance. " Ileft her in the house when I came away. . I heardher singingin her room." "She is net there now," he answered. "She is gone !" CIIAPTEt XXIII. Tirt MOERCY OF HEAVEN. " Sheis gone !" Thewordsetruckmewith dis- d may. I concluded at once that old Peter had i snesseded in naptUring peerPoyche. He was ceta man who threatened idly, as the murder eas attempt on the girl's life had already proven. ispoeruy ear to tirieury, ana we ran to the cottage. "You have nothing to fnear from him,"he replied, with confidence. 'it is more probable that ohe has left the house as she dad the other day when she foaud you gene." This view was partly confirmed in my mind when £ foosel the back door unbolted. Alter taking a hasty glance in her room and round the gaurden wo returned to the Chase. It was there she sought me before she knew we were to drie at the house. It was natural to sup pose that she had taken the same path and wandered from the open drive into the deeper shade of the park. Yet my heartsank witha fearful misgiving that the hope was delusive. We went up to thehouse. Then eeperatim "we searched the alleys of the park, caling " 'Psyeche" aswe went; but no answercame. I found myself on the spot where I had asked Ethel to be my wife, and taken herinto my 1 arms. Then noticing a thicket hard by, and remembering the sound of a stilted sob that had reachena my ear, I ofelt convinced that it had eome from poor Psyche's wrunsg heart, and I that she in seemng me embrace Ethelsl Ihad never embraced her had learnt for herself what I Isod ,svt-foesd ·-n'eura .to· tell ·'!in'that.I loced Ethelmore than I loved her. " My tior little sister," I cried, and waited with tte hlast hone of heacin" her sweet voice echto" por little siste"r ?" Nota rtbrh brke theawful silence. Alone I went back to the cottage. I called her again and again in the garden and went I into the house to search in every room with blank hopelessness. Opening the door of my own room I fouznda tracm of her that crisped the hair on my head. The room was strewn with fresh.cut flowers. There were lowers on my pillow, and beside t them the ring that Ethel had put on her finger. I sat down unable to go further, for this touechingsourenir uwas too signitichtazt to be mis- ( snderstool. Our conversation of the nmht before came back to me: what she had ail'in jspeakinG of the impoasibility of Ethel's livhg' with tus appied now to herself-" she could not do that. It would be toomuch pain. More I thaL she coulid bear. Sihe would rather live alone than see that you are mine and nothers." And she had founds that it.wras for her to go t away asdlive alone. But where had she wau dered ? I asked myself, starting up us I realised the necessity of iSading the poor girl and soothing her stri ken heart at onee. I did not fear suicide. Psyche scarcely know what deathl was ; the possibility of self-destruoT0ion was beyond her isaginatlon. H:ul she soimply gone along the road, on and on, with no other object but to get sway from the place where it wun toe much pain to live ? No. Inr herroom I found a clue to her destination. There was a cupboard in which she kept, with a strange love, the relis ashe had brought away with her from the cave. The rough serge sack is which ( she worked by my side in the burrow, the shoes she wore when the day's work was ldone, t and a necklace of shells that I had ground on a flint and threaded together-they were "one, and beside her bed lay all the clothes T had i given her in her new life. Ifeltsureshe had I gone back to the cave, to live alone there with the memory of those happy days when her heart inevr ached. - It struock me that amongst those things which she couMl not find w-ords to tell me about was some sort of premonition of this return. The old life was often in her thoughts; but she had dwelt more than usual upon the cave 1 this last night. Long after our converoation about Ethelshe said: "BLrother, do yout re member the pretty things we carved in the wall of the cave. There was a piece you marked in black that I never had time to finish. Only a little more and it woudh be all finished," mid later on she said, "We have forgotten all about poor caw; I wonder iif he would know me again, and come on my enshoulder if I called." With these recollections coming to my mind, Tranoror e she downs. Thereneanonly ons way to the cave that he knoewr; the way by which we had left it together, and that way I .1 knew she would try to return by--not reasosn. ing that the water must long since have siltedl up the tunnel. I went down the gap; to my consternatiou the water was up, and after fol lowing the shore some distanes I was pren vented by the sea from going further. I rau back, up the gap. aoUdalong the cliff in I frenzied haste. Beyond Deadman's Point I lookeddoswn. The light had so faded that I could barely distinguish the fragmeuouts of cliff strewed on the shore from the foam of the I water beating amidst them. Presently I stood on the cliff just over the cavern and trained my eyes in the dark chaos of rocks and water below. It was there we had come out into the open day. A few jackdaws were wheeling I round half way down; their cry was to me a terrible omen. Then gilpilng down my choking emotion I called, for the last time, " Psyche ! Sister . Dear Psyche !" It may have been no more than imagination, and vet a cold awe chilled me to the heart as thelreseemed to fall upoun my ears that sn-elllng rise and plaintive fall of the fEolian sonug of my 1 sweet little helpmate. As I rushed bak along the cliff I met Sir H (ooded God, man !" he cried, " What is the matter, you look like a ghost of yourself." " Poor Psyche is down therem !" I answered through my sob, still running. " What do you mean, Thorns ?" he asked, his voice almost as Irokon as mine. " She has tried to got back to the cave-I know it, I know it ! and the water has come ulp !I" " Oh, God, have I this to answer for, too I" he cried. We looked into the water like madmen, anid waded andswam tillthe point wae rounded, and then we got upon the sand ansu again till we came among the great boulders and ragged fragments of the fallen cliff. SAnd there we found her-jnst alittlo hbeyonl theo recediug.waters in her dabbled dress. Her hands iere clasped tightly upon the string of shells I had put adbiout her neeckin days whon he khnew no pain; and now in hersreet child's face there was the eame oexpression of innoo.nt joyit had worn then. I' trust in God's mcrcy thbatatthe last she forgot that there isonfferiog in this world, and died with the happiest memories she knewr. f APrET XXLv. e XPLnTION. She lies in the churchyard at Ecelesham. On the stone over her grave there is one word, " Psyche"-no more. Her loss wos a terrible blow to all who had known her. Even my graldfather hobbledup to the grave ao we left it imd dropged in thle flowers he had gathered for that purpose. But the one most prostrated was Sir g[enry Duqean. o looked like a man who neve slept. Morlly and phoioealny he seemed scilabl to hold uaphis taae?d, and walked as if he had risen fromn a bed of sinkres against fis wish. His condition perplexed Ethelfas much as it alarmed her; it was teas a mystery to me, for I was per eetly sure thit in some way he as asponsble for Psyche's wasted life. " He haf alway suffered from occasional fis of dejection,' Ethel said to me. "sAnd hitherto I have been able to give him relief. But now my efforts fail; it seems as if he did not hear my voice. Dwish you could persuade him to have medical advice." Finding him alone in the park that evening, I told him whtat she had said. " Yes," he said, "'it'is time I did something. I can't go on like this, blighting the happiness. of all I love. You will he over early to morrowmorning; tell her I have gone to con sult thbesbt physician I know, and shall act on his advice no matter what it is. I can'ttell her myself; she'd nak questions, and I have' never told her a lie." emwos ahbsent tIhe nxct day, and.I told Ethel what heihid promisedltdo; but knewithat he had gone no further lthan the rocks where rsyche perished, ned that conscience was the nlyphysician whose giidanco he sought and iatended to follow. "' e met him in the even iog us he was coming home, his hands behind afan, his chin stunk on.jibs breast. "I've seen him, lovp;' he said, takileg Ethel's hand with more tlndernessthian he had latelydiJplayed. "'Says I need chauge. Tells mel must go aways stbon as possible." "I thought he would aslviso that,"Ethel mid. " Where shall we go ?" " Ishall go alone," he said firmly; and then Rith an abrupt chango, ' when 'shall you be married ?" " It'is almost too early to think of that," she replied, looking down at the orapo on her "I snpposeconventional coosiderations must bestudiet even in a quiet wedding, Ishould have liked to wgit until you are married, dear; butI don't think I must delay this jaurney. I want to avid anythinlg like a parting." he aontinued after a pause, "and so if I don'et put nan appearance one morning you must nOt hbe sIlrmed. My sister is cominlg down wi.h her oungsters next week-?periaps I shall go then, srhaia before. ab I can't stand children. Any. ioscl Ishall not say good-bye to you." One nsight at thte end ofthe week after I had artoed from Ethel, I found Sir Hetnry in the Irive wheare he waited puarosely for me. " Isrant to talk to ou,' he said, "et us ogo in to the Downs Ihis path is the most lirect." We turnaed from thedrive, and walked n alenuce through the 'hadeop Doyou believe in eXpition, Thorns ?" he sked1, uddenty. "If you mean reparation for injury done-I began. He interruptedl me simltently, "There are some injuries that can never be repaired. Do you believe that a man man get his soul out of hell by an act of self'sacritice that iswhat I mean." " No.r To injure oneself for havis, injured another doubles the oiffence." " It a man may cry quite with society whenO he han served Jis term in gaol for breakineg' society's laws, why should not a man's cona scienceboe at peace when he has inflicted upon himself the punishment he deserves. How els is he to get his soulout oef that hell where the vulture of reproach ?tears atlit night anddav ? There is no other way by which he may hope to meet those he loves hereafter . But for that ' fear of something after death,'" be continued in a lower tone, speaking to him self rather than addressing me. " the fear of tinding one pale-haired, sweet-faced child, and but for the hope of meeting moy dear daughter, escape from this purgatory would"be easy uand 1uick enough." The'eprk wa bounded lb a deep ditch. We leapt It; but on the other side Sir Henry ?ppod as if it had rtealed somethin, to his Rlid, L1m1! inattmad ofltditrlk,.',,g ?er·lor- th,?''a.v' ehad seemed his intentiou, he fellor-ved the dilgo of the ditch till it ranu into a dleep cleft in he cliff, where the draiuage was earried oft. 'Thie cleft was deep, but still not more than six or eight feet wide at the surface, and it rew deeper as it went dlown to the outlet on lie shore. Following the cleft for some tiwetty paces Sir uenry stoppledr at a point where the urf sisowed that a load of Lne had beei hrown there. "I had lime shot in," he said, " because here is something desd and putrid down there. Peter Beamish os down there. I shot him trough tlhea head that night-you remember >" t Is that the crimeyou are going to expiate P" tasked. He laughed hoarsely. "Crime !" he e0 iaimed. " I think no more of shooting that ursed villain through the head than if lie bhad een a mad dog " Me kicked a clod down the cleft, anid, as it '1l with aii thud on the lime that covered old Peter, he said: " Fanus a thing like that-a vile, igsorant iiani of ninete and odd, kreping ime under his humb for a dozen years, holding me at iis serey, threatening my daughter with life- long liegrace. With a little more wit he might have hken every penny of my ill-gotten fortune Irom me. You must know by this time that I im the man who gave him that chest to smk cut at sea. Every meeting we had was li the Jark, antd under a disguise I believed he could ot recoguioe me-lbut he did. He was uneed to Lbs nigLit. It was part of his oll bu?siness to Denetrsto disguise andi kinow what sortof a maun dhnai to do with. He told me hsw they had liacovered her and brought ier to life. But uno ribs would induce him to give her up to me r tell me where I could find her. Perhaps your randfatlher's mercy had somnething to do withli tat. He thought maybe that hlaving tried to lestroy her one I lonly Iwantel to geot her ag isi o do the deed effectually. For twelve vea.rs that went on. Then I saw your :advertisoument snThe Times andl' answecred it through a fria i solicitors in iosidon. When I Isarnt fros hem tlhat the girl you had found was the child I had tried to murdler I lost my hlasd, and Peter "eamish coming to me at that very moment for money, and with his usual throats of exuosure, i delied hint to prodluce the girl, and sio I:ke a fool put him on the scent. lie had told esu hat the child was a stout, healthy wenceb in service as a barmaid; I excpected to ftid her eulgar, coarse, robust. You clu ihnagine tle shock when I heard the truth, and found the sweet, fresh little thing whose wasted life I iadl L asswer for. God knows I did nost moan to bury hoer Ive. Yousk why I[tried to kil : he ,hild: I have brought you'here iito tell. sNot that I may excuseo myself, but that it mnay loesen the child's shame when the truth is hseown. I marrievl in direct dcf:mlse of uy lasher's wiah. Ho disinherited me. I--is speadtlrift. asid ne'ecrlo-ws'll, ehO hLadne1ver' ccupied myself with one serious considaeratio, found myself unable to earn a living. My wife diol. Ethel was ick, M ?y last guinsea was aid for the advice of a phyoicians. He declarsel that Ethel could be saved Iy bleing tmken _to lualeira forn time, Iut csuld never lihe through the winter in this slimate. At that J.nletcre my father died, ieavino uverything to ac adopted infiant, for' he, like me, wsa afriesd. lees, unlovable mani. Dy ia strange coincidenceI the adopted child was weak-nots r epetel to eutlive hildlhoodl . My father know this, and left his fortune to hier with a reversion tome, simply as a means of srolonging my pait:ih mnut a few years. And now this questinu was, presaented to ime : should I suffer my own childl to die when I migh save her life by de-trsying the child who does not expect to lie, ? I did sot hesitate aun instint. My child was eioery thing to me, the other was nothing to anysvo". Sstole the child, anid as I believed took her life way with an opiateg I believed that she waris dea[ whon I gave iher into the hands of Peter neamish. May God deny me mercy if this is untrue." He paused, and then in a softened tone he said, " ti do not wish to exsnerat my self. Time will show that I h:ave paid thse penalty for the wsoe I brsught upon poor us. happy Psyche." Hodidnot retsrn to the Chase. Ethel triad to believe that hei. fatlCer. sas v.ektug' imlif from physicals sucrling abrouad. '?i month passed, and we heaCrd no tidings ot him. One day lay grandfather came to me, wutha scared look inhls face. " Soeny,"he said, in that hectorins toee he had learned from his father, " T'ou're got to eome alonogel me. You're gottoput oi yolr hat and ask no questions, but just tasku what I've got to give you as we goes alone." I put on my hat and went out witLhim. We turned in the direttion of the Halfway.-house. " I don't see much good in reforming."he began aa we trudged along. "Seems to me ia yon go a hit cut o' your right mcarse at th 'untnart notill thbe tracts bud total 'thtermiam' atigen." lif aint going to put you r.ght What's the matter ?" I asked. "You speak whoen you're spoke to, and not afre sonny, oc you'll go wrong like the rest of the fmbly." lviu, waltd on" sonme dis tancoin'slenoo to let this warinino sink in he reeommenuefode "I datnow whait's the use on it all. Here's father been odlt on the loose over a month and never comeanuigh me; it dou't'signify anything tb?ot I anI'ttoeclhed so much as two-pennorth, and been cockin' myeye up at'the textes all the while-here's more trouble. 'S if it warn't enough dreamin' everyihight of the young 'un, iand wakin' up all a sotver and a sweat thinkin' I'd forgot to noud down hervi-tuals. It gets over me that do!" He atoppedl-his old stin twitched, and he Iuokol out over he se. with blank dejection. The siht of his cottage moused. him. H£o tured hqs quid over, and, knitting hisoblrmo, faid : "You're got tb go down in that esayve again, soinny." I qeopped short, chilled to the heart at the very thought of revisiting the scene of poor Psycheo captivity. .Oiane on-you're got to go," he sid, doggedly. "I'd go myself if I'ds got the strength, and it iin't the fear of not comin' up -gen stops me .,oithe. i'd know what's the good of a old fellow like me a hanging on in thius world." "Who is down there?" Insked, the truth aashjll upon me. " He's down there-Sir Henry Duncan." ' flow long has he been thpre ." ' A month, sonny. RHe camne tome nd told me Ishould have the old cottage as long as I lived if I served him as I served the vong 'iun. And seein' it was kinder right onsl piols he should do by him~nlf as others Ilad been ,tone by throughhim I arseed to it. Doy bh d,ay I've hlcietedto him-well, as near as ciouhl liko I whistled to her; but there warn't no pretty song come back; he emptied the Iutket thogh all lright, but with never a sound, till it come yesterdusy, and all day lont, I was calling him and a whistli u, but no uuswer come,?i and this imoning the vctuals is in the htcket just as I left 'em. So you'ove ,ot to go down, sony, uandsee wal:t' amiss. I went down sick with apprehension and the dull pain of aw:akeued memories. Once monre I litra ondle nud groped along the pasaSge into lthe shadowy aiCre. I foulnd lim stretched out deid upon u svche's` bed with the evidence 'if 'Psyche's life about him. In the alcove over his helad hung stripes of the coleured rags she hld hung there; in the wall the scroll she cut: in the soatd a print of herlitfle foot. What plce. whalt moese coo:hl he have found rntoro itting for his torriblo Ca piation. The clouds have lifted: thlb on suisini nosv. Ethel- is my wife, and when I holl her thand in mine .I feel that I poseoso all the happinaess heaven an give. L?st uight wo lingered long in the garrlen after the afterglow faded oawv t heliavueni filled with stard, and We" wat'ched them in silent happineo. "' Husnk I" murmurted. Ethel, stopping. " Did you hear it '" A faint sound far aw:ay rosea and fell, and so died away imperceptibly. "There i is again," she whispered low. ' It i the oirot nulitghogle !" Iteoundedl to my ear like the lost 'cro of Psyhel siugind of he new h:alpioeo.o ci . no world. Tioc EZiu. 