The Salvation Army. ' A GBBAT ATTACK ' MBDITATBD QN JAPAN. The twenty-fifth anniversary of the Salvation Army, says Some Netus, was cele brated on July 15, by a monster demonstra at the Crystal Palace. Glorious summer weather favored the proceedings; Besides lousands of children, there' were present about 50,000 officers and soldiers, 4000 panasmen, and 500 foreign officers and delegates, and the programme offered ' six teen hours of unbounded delight,' the' doors being opened at 6-30 a.m. At seven o'clock a ' consecration 'meeting was held and this was followed by a public reception of ' General ' Booth, who conveyed a greet ing from the sick ' mother ' of the Army, Mrs Booth. The veteran leader was ac companied by Commissioner and Mrs Booth-Tucker, from Singh, India ; Commis sioner Adams (Canada), Mrs Ballington .Booth :(America), Booth Clibborn and the' Mardchal (Mrs Clibbbm, from Paris), Eail toh '(Germany), Ouchterlon'ely (Sweden), 'Colonel' Pollard (Australia), 'Major' Coaandey (Switzerland), ' Major' Clibborn i (Belgium), ' Colonel ' Hellberg;and 'fMajor' iLagercrantz (Scandinavia),, the sister of i Princess Ouchtbmsky (Finland), 'Major' iStack and 'Captain' Lotz(Afrlca), 'Major' 'Kyle (California), ' Major ' Roth well (New South Wales), and the entire British staff., At the junior soldiers' demonstration there, were 3000 children ' saved and in uniform,' and simultaneously was held the 'great soul battle ' in the salvation tent, led by ' Colonel '! Cadman. ' General ' Booth pre sided at the crowded representative meet ing in the concert-hall at noon, and in the course of his address observed that ' the Salvation Army was now at work in thirty five different countries, jwith a ..total; of 2820 corps, 856 outposts, and 9200 officers. In four years the number of their meetings had increased from 1,460,000 to two dnda half millions per ? annum. Th'ey also 1 had eighty-five slum .officers; 188 officers, en- aged in. rescue work, thirty-five rescued homes , sixty-five food officers, and nineteen food depots. The army was making 'great progress' in -Germany,' Norway,1 Sweden, India, Australia, and Africa, and they were arranging a great attack upon the nation of Japan, Those who lived' tillthe jubilee of the Salvation, Army,' '? twenty-five years hence,1 would see' them 'with1 ' a' Crystal Palace of their own.'and' the -whole '.world would re-echo with their shouts of victory. They must look kindly, upon persecution. The .world was^ going to hell; not for want of ' churches; chapels;), creeds, Bibles', or sermonsj ?? but :f or, j, want (of ; bloodrand-flre men and. women, who were full ,of the Holy Ghost. Let them go and practice .what they preached, and go and .live and work 'as iV all 'those ''-they 'loved ^were' -going' to hell: to - drop' straight 1 into i the great- 'fire. They ,w;anted money to, carry on. this yast campaign, and they should have no hesita tion invfreely.bleeding the' rich and spoil ing the 'Egyptians. Children were wanted to be trained as officers, and the great boon pf.next year would, be, 4000 cadets or, new officers. 'Commissioner' Howard said that they had. that morning received('a precious message from Mrs Boothi and he read the telegram of (sympathy they were gbingi :to j send in reply,' which expressed , fhaiv ^a^avmjnnt.nn f-n r*n i.«'in ^LaT*. nnA-l. '? .buou.uDbDiuijuuiiiyu uu ^u uuiJll UUUIT; patu of 'salvation', in spite of all' obstacles.1 ' General' Booth : said that : this ' message ! would;be a great joy and consolation to his wife iniher afflicted condition, as well as. a' .means of stimulating and urging forward the movement. '.During the afternoon there: was a rescue demonstration in the theatre and a women's meeting in the rink, con ducted by Mrs Booth-Tucker, Mrs Balling-! ton Booth,. and the .wives of staff-officers, and a 'solemn assembly1' in the central' transcept, while ' Major'' and 'Mrs Cobke led a ' slum' meeting in' the assembly hall. The ' dossers' dinner and social settlement': wasa.great source of attraction, and|25,0J0! soldiers took part in the march past before' the '.General' and staff 'in'the open air. The programme' concluded with a musicali festival, comprising 20,000 voices and 1000 brass 'instruments. 'The new Salvation Army Bank (in ' ' charge of ' Major' Bremner) was in full operation. As pro-' vision for the day's requirement's, Messrs.! Bertram supplied ten tons of cake, 40,000! buns, .36,000 rolls; all kinds of bread in loaf,' and 2000 gallons of milk, besides moun tains of pies and bucketfuls of tea and coffee, and tbousnnds-of dozens of sod'-' water, lemonade; and gingerbeer! ' 