Sketcher. Adolphe CadoVs Little Flan Bat why should you hate Zeph Sawyer P I have aroaaon. On Thursday he will pro bably wroat from me the prize I have set in) heart on for years. Bnt you, bow ha® ha in jured roup" 4 Bah ! raon ami,' replied Adolphe Cadol : 4 hate I you taik of hite ? What is your feel ing abont a student's competition, which to day had three lines in the Fifaiv, and to morrow is buried in oblivion, to my enduring paaaion? Listen. Three years ago I went to board at tho pension of the Veuve Ferret. Lived there in tho houss, an English girl, ' fresh-hearted, nobis. I loved her, and she might have loved me. She would have lifted me oat of tho dough of cynical into which we Parisians are finking. Six months after there ooraos this accursed American. He has the ridiculous name Zophoniah ; ho Epeaka through his nose : but for all that his nctw is well-out ; He baa bright eyes— you know the rost. Now the English girl hi® no longer eyes for mo. They are engaged. I would have died for her. And Adolphe smote the table in impotent wrath. The two yonng men were dining in the upper room of a Parisian restaurant. There was no one else in the room bnt an im perturb - able waiter. The first speaker wv a tall, handaome but weak-looking man of tlree- and -twenty. His name was Eugene Baa- taird, and he was a sculptor. Hm companion short, <iark MaraeiUeai®, some seven yBhr older. Hot Southoro blood eooraod xhrough his veins but ten years of Paris life 'had told its tale, and he was worn and pale. Adolphe Cadol was house physician nta Paris hospital: singularly cle\er, and a great biologist. After thi® outburst, they at silont for a few aeoonda, then Cadol said — 4 Tell me Baataird ; supposing Sawyer were to be beaten at the Eoole Artitique, would he be disappointed f ' Bitterly,' replied the other. 'He is, as yon know, no bav&rd; ; but he knows that I am his most dangerous competitor, and he knows that he has little to fear from na,' ' The statues will, I assume, be returned T ' immediately after the competition — that is to say, on the Friday evening. There will be no exhibition of them at the Eoole, so that the winnerof the medal can be able to set to work at the marble in time for next Salon,' 4 Ah ! the casts therefore are return od the Hart morning.' 4 Good God, Cadol ! tou would not kill him ? ' 'Caroon,1 cried the "doctor, 'another bottle of Chamber tin, blue se&l; Bastaird,1 he exclaimed, when the room wa- entirely empty, I have an idea ; do you understand poisons ?' 4 Kill him ? but no — at least, not intention ally i and there are things worse than death. I hate that man' — the word was spoken with Southern intensity — 'bat I do not kill him. If Monsieur Zeplionioh is boaten in the com petition. I will regard that as earnest on the part of Fate for more disasters, and will leave the matter to Providenoe ; but if he gain, I will ocek vengeance an myself. Have you ever heard of curare 1 No F It is a curious drug, originally used by South American In - dian®. When taken in non-fatal doses, it paralyses the ends of the motor nerves, and practically, though not really, paralyses the muscles ; but — and here is the point — whilst dretri ring the motor, it does not destroy the seneorr nerves. Thus a man whilst under the influence of curare, can sec, hoar, nrifl feci bnt cannot speak or move. I shall wait until bis statue is returned, then I shall put him under the influence of curare, and "muL it before his eyes.' 4 mod Diem! Cadol, it is too devilish. Ware you an artist — did you regard the : human form except as a subject for dissec- !._ ., you could not think of such a thing.' ' 1 is a dangerous game,' continued the thoughtfully, not heeding tho inter - aupiuun. mo overdose la lataL Also, it is usually given hj-podormiually. But it iB soluble, and I have studied the action of poisons for years, especially of curare, which is so much used in vivisection ; and I know to the thousandth part of one grain the exact dose, not sufficiently large to trill & nor sufficiently small to be destroyed before ab sorption — just enough to make him helpless yet perfectly conscious. This I ahull do. I hall naturally call upon Mr. Zeph, to con gratulate him on hie victory. lour cjncierge Xnuws my faoe, butnotmy identity — atlaast I hope not ; it might be awkward. I «hnll suggest liih health, and shall bribe a couple of ottrrier, at a sign from me, to moke a noise beluw the window. His attention is distrac ted, I place the drug in the wine. And voih the thing is donB.' It was a horrible schema ; and Bastaird, who, though weak and jealous, was not utterly depraved, made some feeble protests but in vain. Adolphe Cadol was a yn»n of strong will andno scruple®, and he laughed at his friend's protects which gradoallv grew weaker and weaker ; and thus before they left the restaurant he had acquiesced in the scheme to promise O&dol; that he would go to his aunt at Amiens on The Thursday, bo that if trouble camo no suapiaioQ sould attach to him. As Cadol was himself going to Mar seilles on the Saturday evening, and as the statues were to arrive bock home on the Fri day evenings, Saturday moruing, before lunch time, would be the moat suitable hour. _ that evening, when Baatiard went up to his rooms in the Rue Cdsset, he did not stop as usual at Sawyer e door. Weak and vindic tive as he was, ho could not laoe the cheery welcome of the kindlv-aaturod American. Two yeans ago they kadbeenfellow-pupils in the atahrrr of M. Lockroy, the famous sculptor. They struck up a great friendship and when they started on their own aooount they left their respective pensions and took rooms in the same house— Sawyer on the Saab U n r -A- — 1 1 ,11 . «udi immediately above him At first the latter was the better artist ; but late he could not hide from tiimfdf Hm American was -easily outstripping him. JScnee the hatred and jealousy, of which | \- .Zeph flawy® wm ignoraat. In Fans it is the custom of the directorate of the Eoole Artistique to give an annual prise for the best statue in the plaster cast modelled by artiste wh o have never exhibited in the Solon . The subject is a study from the nude. The prize is only a gold medal ; but suooese in the competition is usually regarded as a por tal of future greatness. Both Bustaird and Sawyer had entered ; they both those the same subject, and worked fram the same model ; but as their work progressed, Bas- tairod acutely realized the artistic supremacy f& his rival. Rastaird'sforebodiags were eventually real ised 1 the oommittee awarded the gold to Sawyer, and the sooosd prise to himself, die had congratulated his old friend with averted eyes, and has ten od to Amiens with a tokening atmae of fear. About half-past J 1 an the Saturday morn ing Zeph Sawyer eat in his studio modelling a head in clav. Ifo was a tall, well-knit, height -eyed fellow, keen-witted aud purpose ful, and an artist to his finger- tips. Hearing a knock outside, he wiped his fingers on hi blouse and opened the door. In bounced Adolnhp Giuinl Mon cher Mr. Zspb, ten thousand con gratulation® ! Ah ! and that is the young lady,' he continued, pointing to a plaster cast standing in the room ' Madame, I respect fully salute yon/ and he raised his hat with mock solemnity. The Yankee smiled grimly at the doctor's and ""ilirg guest a chair, be him hiftfagarette case. 3! Cadol tupe to (pare. Ho wanted to get the feuanatc uver qpd some hundred mil be tween hamfrfjf and the Hue Cosset. So he re fused the cigarettes, but added that ha had a thirst that would dp credit ta a rviturier, and . <thai would be a most suitable oxaaoo ko drink Zeyh Sawyer's continued success. Why. oertoinlr,' said ZejA, walkmg'to a .((hnri to pnuae a bottle of champagne &d; gliMN. Hie proceeded Co npm the heleoerodySd. hefiUetiiagUeeee, when hts attention was arrested by Adolphe Cadol. Look, look, Sawyer, there on tho other side ; tha two ouvriers ; they quarrel— the little one kicks the bigs one's shin's. Mon Dieu, quelle courage ! Ah ! but the big smite. SacreF Tho ruse was snoceisful. The American moved t'i the window to watch the row. Quick as thought, Cadol produced a rial and emptied il into one of tho glasses. Allons ! Zeph. Never mind thoao bri gands, let us drink.1 One moment, doctor. I gupte tl is year family disturbance will end in the lock-up. Here oomcs the gendarme : late as usual. Why? Groat C&s;&r;'s ghost 1 he's pointing np to toy window ; he can't think this is a free show for the benefit of my friend ? The gentleman with the patchwork pants explains — ho also has his eyo up here.' Cadol trembled. Could it be that they had deceived him? He crept to the casement, and peered throagh a crack in the shutters. He was safe . the men kissed each other cfiu- aiwly, "and the gendarme put up hL pookot- book.' Bat it had given him a acatc. He turned from the shutters, and found tho American just sipping bis wine. 4 No seeping, friends Sawyer. No eel- trap as the English say. They olinkod glasses, drank the contents with a gulp, and set them down empty. The doctor, in a paroxynn of suspense, walchod his victim. Had hegiven too much, too Ititlo, or jnst enough r The problem was soon solved. In s few momenta the American's voioe died away, bis month dropped, bis limbs grew limp, he fell, bnt there was still consciousness in the eye. Dr. Cadol'a researches cad not been fruitless. He removed his duet-coat, and placed it on a peg behind him ; tie turned up his sleeves, and began to execute hie little plan. First grasping the limp and holplose bodv in hia arms, he placed it la a deep arm- chair, taking care Sawyer's eyes were turned on thn statue. 4M. Zephaniah Sawyer, you look like one corpse, but you are not one : you fed, you hear, you see. I tweak your nose, oommo i,a, it hurta ; I pinoh your ear, com - dc <,a, it pains; but you can do nothing ; that is unpleasant. You think me your friend, but no, I am your enemy, and now you shall see my revenge. You have spent days on this rtaioe. I shall ambollish it for you. It nose is beautiful. I take this mallet and it is still more beautiful. Crack; itisnowin tho atvle of Timbuctoo. The custom to omit pupils to the cyos ? IVith the knife I repair the omission. The ohin a little masculine ? I reduce the roundness. Ah, I shall not talk ; I shall work.' And with diabolical glee the little Frenoh- mxn danoed round the statue, lopping now an oar, smashing now a wrist, and reducing the result of hour, of study into a perfect wreck. At last, hot and exhausted, he fluug a broken hand into the faoe of the helpless American, and went to the end of the room for his coat. While his back was turned he hoard a click. Wheeling suddenly round, he gave a shriek of terror, Zeph Sawyer, tall and erect, was turning the key in the door. ' Greoe an ciol ! What aboil this mean P' cried the Frenchman. It moans,' replied Zeph, speaking with calm deliberation, that you've had your in nings, and now I guess I'm going to hare mine. It means, sir, that the partitions in Paris restaurants are occasionally thin, and that in some of those partitions are biggish ventilators. I happened to be dining with a friend the other night ; I heard my name ; i listened. There are occasions when false deli - cacy is to be deprecated — this was one. So I dismissed my waiter, and standing up on a chair listened by the open ventilator to your instructive remarks. You bribed the navvies to distract my attention , I bribed the gen darme to distoact yours. When my back was turned you put in the hocus : when yoar back was tamed 1 chucked it out again into that big dollop of wet clay, and refilled my gla&. The artistic oollapee was the result of some research and much practice. See and now, Dr. Cadol, ;as I generally work from a model, , this j-earetatoo stands handy. When I have , finished with you, with due allowance for uex or oostoome, there won't be much to choose between you.' Cadol realised the grim significance of the jest and, pallid with fear, slung himself before the American, and implored mercy. 'Git ." wai the laconic response, accom panied by a premomitajy waggle of the right boot. Dr. Cadol 'got. He knew that be was doomed ; so, turning upon the .American, who was digesting him self of his blouse he ehrieked ' Yon may beat mo, you may kick me, you may give roo the box ; bet I have brokanyonr utatuc. Ho, ho, I have broken your statue ! ' 'Who- at 1'stid Zeph Sawyer : ' do you suppose that I should have lain in that chair like a mummy of King Ram ores II. whilst you was smashing a statue of mine? No, (dr. This year lady that yoa've been pleased to im prove is the work of a friend, M. Baetaird. I took the liberty of exchanging our statues this morning. This is the reward for his share in the bcainBflfi. And now, M. Adolphe Cadol1 as I don't want to wate time, take that!' Zeph Sawyer's knowledge of boxing was limited; his style was not strictly academic; his armB had a tendency to describe curve which would have offended the critical eyes of the fancy ; but the result was none the leas effective : and after all, as far as if. Cadol was oonoerned, a blow delivered in a hetero dox manner was quite as painful as that which does not violate the orthodox canons. In vain he struggled, kicked, bit, cried; affirmed he was beaten : that he cried enough ; that he ' projected tho sponge." Zeph Sawyer was inexorable. He regarded tlie function a fair fight. Br the time he had opened, the door, and kicked M. Adolphe Cadol down the stairs, the latter gentleman's apprehension lr ft he should be recognised by the concierge was entirely superfluous. His largest creditor would have pniwnd him by in the light of the noonday sun. Whatever else may Bold of her cla&s; in the genus homo, the society lady bores herself bravely. No m»r knows what a bad m»n he is until he has had a woman get angry with him and call him namoe. Mistress — Have you that ribbon for my hair!' Moid — 4 Yes, mum, but But what?' 1 Now I've the hair.' Some people who pride themselves upon their frankness seem to think ht frankness consists in freely saying unkind things. Mr. Barn urn is the proprietor of a travel ling chow. His ehow may be the largest in the world ; there are a great many shows, and somebody's must be the biggeet. But in just one tiling Mr. B&rnum; probably is, as he claims to be, unrivalled. That is, in the pertinacity with which he advertises his wares. 