In A month or two the waterworks now beina; constructed by the Railway Department will be completed, and tbe town umy reasonably look forward to tlie enjoyment of all the benefits of a plentiful and penrmnent supply of the indispensable fluid. Tlie completion of tbe somewhat extensive undertaking will be a distinct event in the annals of the district, leading probably to consequinces of advantage lai-gelv beyond present anticipations. It is "ratifying to note that under careful management fair expedition has been made iu t'ie progress of the works, and that every effort lias been put forth to relieve householders and others uf any anxiety in the matter of water as soon as jiossiWu. It requires 110 special discernment to see that Ballan, situated ou the baulcs of the Werribee and Moorabool rivers, which diaiu -,ul extensive watershed, is in an admirable position for water reticulation, and it is well that our advantage ill this resiiect is being turned to practical account As the time uppicaches for the mains and pipes to lie put down to connect us wii.li the storage wurks on the Moorabool, it will lie found tlmt there is a number of (lifi'ereut ihings requiring attention. We have, tio doubt that th« nutiia^emeul will 'ie equal to all such needs, ,-nid with a little experience ami time prove iiself capable of o meeting any legitimate demands that may lie pressed forward. Attention was drawn in d our columns last wwk to a matter that t should not lie neglected any loiiyer, viz., that, a number of grwu tree, stumps f have been left standing within the area, which will soon be covered with watei. If they are not removed they will havu the effect of staining and injuring the water for some years. This of course should he avoided, as it is necessary that when the water is obtained for the community it should lie as clean and wholesome as possible. The general couclusion of competent medical authorities is that there is no more fruitful cause of contagion and illhealth than impure water, and it is therefore of primary importance to secure an undiluted supply for domestic purposes. The difficulty or dauger in the present case happily is not of a very serious character, as the offending stumps may be very easily grubbed, and no doubt this will be done now that attention has beeu drawn to the matter. The river beds of many of our Victorian streams are adapted to the formation of reservoirs for irrigation and other purposes, aud now the work of utilising them has commenced, those who are in a position to avail themselves of a water supply should see that they are made, to serve the greatest and most varied uses possible. To enjoy the blessing of abundant fresh water all through our hot Australian summer is a benefit that can hardly be overestimated, Ballan has the advantages of a healthy situatiou, railway communication with Melbourne and the inland centres, and the acquisition of a water supply should speedily transform it into such a place of beauty as to attract a much larger population than it can now boast of. It is distinctly the duty of our public men to further-tliis <jbject liy every means that lies in their power, and it is to lie trusted that they will seriously appreciate their obligation in the matter. With the important advantages that Ballan is gradually finding itself able to command, there is no rea on why it should not become the most important centre between Ballarat and Melbourne, and continue to exhibit in its public institutions and expanding trade the enterprise and sagacity of its citizens. A great deal must of course depend on the people of the district, but circumstances are so tending as to iuvite them to exertion in forwarding the interests of the place. The advent of a water* supply should prove another step in the right direction, and we have little doubt that proving to be the case. Even in our present circumstances the district is callable of maintaining a much larger population than has found its way litre, and with the addition of a plentiful water supply this capacity will be materially increased. It should not be too much to look forward to the establishment of industries in tbe township, as in some rcsp cts'we are favoiuabJv situated for trade. It is to be trusted, however, vliat tbe changes now takiug place are indications of an expanding movement that will lead to the best results to the town and district. [Since the above was put in type, we learn from the secretary of the Water Trust that he has received a communication from Mr BiJIiugs, Government engineer at the waterworks, to the effect that the " offending stumps " alluded to are all to be removed.—Ed.] sent:— Messrs V.'alBb (vice-president, in the chair), Fairbairn, J. Meyers, Andrew, Densley. Jaiuieson, Pung D. K. Fmsec, Bosanko, Graham, L. Grant and the secretary, Mr Young. The principal business before the meeting was the election ol officers. Mr M. M. Mogg was unanimously reflected president oil the motion of Messrs Pung and Meyers. Messrs Walsh, Cantwell, and W. J. Andrew were elected vice-presidents. Mr Meyers was elected ily treasurer. The following correspondence was dealt with:—From the Department of Lands and Survey, referring to the interview of a deputation to the department, aud stating that the construction of Atkiuson street cauuot be formally included in the proposed extension of the reserve for Show Yards, but the Minister of Lauds and the Ballanshire Council can, if deemed advisable, decide that such continuation is no longer required for oublic traffic (vide section 399 of the Local Government Act, 1S74), and, thereupon, it may be used in connection with the reserve, but 110 improvements of a permanent character should be effected upon the continuation, as the decision is liable to revocation at any time.-Receivod. From the Department of Agriculture, in reply to letter from the socioty, requesting the society to make arrangements for Mr Crichton's lecture on "Fodder plants."—It was decided to postpone the lecture for two months on account of the bad state of the roads. From Mr C. H. Lyon declining to act ou the committee,^ not hivini; sufficient experience in its working. From Mr Ivilhuru also declining to act ou committee. Mr S. Warhnrst w is elccted to fill the vacancy. From the Western District League asking co- operation of the society in opposing the imposition of an export tax on sheep skius.—It was decided to support the league. The annual Horse Parade of the society «as fixed for the last Saturday in September. The meeting then adjourned. From the inauspicious state of the weather our weir is but slowly progressing only 10 or 12 men now being employed upon it. To complete the laying of the fi-inciipipes the contractors have yet to traverse about one and a-lialf miles before a junction is made ou to the 5-ineh pipes, which latter are now embedded about three-quarters of a irile, leavin;.' a distance yet to cover of something like one mile and three-quarters with these ere they junction ou to the 4-inch. It is presumed two months will elapse before the pipe laying sees its termination. The weir from present appearances seems to carry an idea that its time of completion will lie of an indefinite period, especially now that the department has decided to remove the green tre-! stumps. Our councillors are at last to be commended for the improvements they are making in our main thoroughfare. It is to be hoped they will carry out this needful work throughout Iuglis street now they have commenced it. During a ruble round ou.r Railway Station and its surroundings we had occasion to pay a visit to the subway under the line, which, in our opinion, is a disgrace to the authorities who have this roadway in their keeping. From the continuous rain aud the constant heavy tralfic passing up and down it on its way to the station, "the only ready means of ingress and egress," fearful ruts are therein made, the pitched drain at the lower cud being now silted up by the washings from the road, thus damming back the water on the upper side, wiiicb forms a iniuiature lake, causing an almost impassable obstruction to loot passengers who are continually usiug this road OD their homeward way. We pointed out some sh jrt while since what we thought would be of much more advantageous use to pedestrians, and but of slight expense, viz., a raised footbridge over the line. It is gratifying to see Mr M. M. Mogg again in our midst after his severe indisposion, and we trust his convalescence may prove of permanency. On all hands we note the crops peeping above the ground, giving token of an early spring. Quite a stampede was made down Atkinson street on Sunday last by many of the happy purchasers, with their wives and families, of the recent allotments of ground sold within its boundaries last week. It is to be hoped that all those who have purchased will follow up the desirable end in eu' aud build. We bear it reported that the balance of Crown lands this side of the Werribee is shortly to be put up to auction. The railway cheap excursion which left here on Friday laBt was well patronised, about SO passenyers being booked at our local station and over 1000 from Melbourne availed themselves of this pportunity for visiting trips. A meetiug was held in the Shire Hall on Wednesay eveniuj: for the purpose of forming a lodge ol I.O.G.T., when there was a good attendauce. About 24 enrolled their names as members, and the were elected to fill the offices of the new lodge : - -Chief Templar, Rev. W. Adams; Vice- Templar, Mrs Jamieson; Chaplain, Mr Jamieson: Past Chief Templar, Mr T. Heath; Marshal, Miss H. Salter; Deputy Marshal, Mr F. Mehrens; Secretary, Mr R. H. Young; Assistant Secretary, Miss Sutherland; Financial Secretary, Miss L. White; Treasurer, Mr F. Adams; Sentinel, MrT. Shillito; Guard, M. O. Schiller. The Railway Department advertises that return tickets at holiday excursion fares will be available from all stations (suburban exeepted) to Melbourne from the 23rd August to the 30th August, in consequence of the Royal Agricultural Society's Show, to be held in Melbourne. The practice lately in vogue of shooting magpies and other birds in our back streets, through the use of the air gun, is hardly to be commended when life and limb are in jeopardy. This is a matter that should recommend itself to the notice of our custodians of the peace, as several have already escaped by a hair'? breadth the contents of these missives. With the increased appliances that are now being built up at our local mineral springs, vre learn that MrGunsserhaslikewise taken anothergentleman into partnership when the business will be very niateriaUy extended in all its branches from a much more vast output. A juvenile football match is to take place on the local cricket ground between the Ballan and Greendale State school boys on Saturday next. We read in the Argus of Tuesday, an advertisement of Mr C. H. ,Tames, the retiring M.L.C. for the Southern Province, wherein he states:—" It is with great regret that I have to announce the withdrawal from my candidature for re-election' as your representative in the Legislative Council. I had trusted to have agaia represented you in that body, aud have to thank you for the very strong support you have given me and the continued confidence you have manifested in me during the short period I have been before you for re-eleetiou. An interest, however, iu aa undertaking of some magni- Widelias during the last few days been offered to me which I feel myself under a duty to accept, and I learnt from my solicitor after acceptance of that interest that I was precluded under the Officials in Parliament Act, IS50, from taking a seat in Parliament, that undertaking being one which is aud will be concerned in many contracts not only with the Government of Victoria but the Governments of other colonies. It speaks well for the salubrity of our situation wheu we have starved out the branch establishment of Mr J H. Reed, chemist, not loug ago founded here, business not being sufficient to warrant his continuance of the same. Mr Reed returns thanks to the inhabitants of the district, through our columns, for the kind support tendered him during the time he had a branch here, and notifies that Miss Baker, of this town, will keep in stock many of his preparations. Mr Reed also wishes it to be known that he has the books of this branch, aud any prescriptions required may be had at any time. An untenanted house, situated on a suburban allotment of the township, contained a goodly assortment of furniture that was left positioned just as the hand of its owner's mother had left it previous to her demise iu the same establishment. The soo having here met with some of life's sad reverses, determined ou leaving the district, only to return the other day after many long years ot absence, to find on visiting his old abode that his furniture had disappeared in ioto. Is it possible desecration suc.h as this should pass by us unrevealed without even a clue to its delinqueuts. & young man, who is iu the habit of quarrying aud carting rubble from Mr Flack's quarry, narrowly escaped a severe loss ou Saturday last. It appears the by-track into the face of the quarry is but of single vehicle width, and tile constant intercourse with it has caused the wheel ruts to have become very deep and worn, and iu some places even dangerous. To avoid one of the worst of these ruts tlie driver swerved his horses ou one side just sufficient only in averting that danger to meet a greater one in a huge boulder, which in passing the wheel over caused the dray aud its contents to tip over, carrymfi the 8l,»fti.ig liorae with it. Hail they boon two feet .>«;™'t o edge nothing could luve saved the whole lot f om V- b j ..util they fouud a lauding place in the Werribee, a distant distanoe of something - „ like 150 feet below them. Luckily everything escaped unscathed. Ghosts, hobgoblins, or evil spirits, are still w allt-' iuE the earth, for immediately after die late dog poisoning business, during the witching hours of nieht, on the doorway of one of our tradesman was written for his early morning meditation :- 1 tiiaou office, Auauia's ghost!" We have recoived a communication under the »ml dc plume of Fair Play " with reference to our report ot the Ballan v. Blackwood football match, which we cannot publish owing to the writer not sending his name. We are verv sorry to inform " Fair Play " that owing to our limited space we cannot at present report football matches mexkiiso. With reference to our reporter's remarks aiient tne obscenc utterances made use of, we have made special inquiries, which tend to confirm our scribe s remarks that the language used on several occasions was anything but creditable. A. Sto'idard cablegram says:-';The body of Cardinal Newman was iuterred with great cere- Roman Catholic hierarchy. The Duke of W o k and the Duke of Newcastle also took part m the funeral, which was one of the most ii/iposihg seeu in Euglaud for mauy years." We agaiu call attention to the sale by auction of Dr Man 's household furniture and effects, which is to take place next Wednesday, iu consequence of Dr alarr leaving the district. Mr M. W alsh is the auctioneer. A herbalist who made one of his periodical rounds here quite recently while dissertating upon the many cures he had effected through, the means of his herb medicine, brought prominently before the listener one in particular, wliere lie had cured an inebriate who had drank enough to float a ship. We have frequently heard of individuals who have drank sufficient to scald a pig; this we consider feasible, as the quantity of liquid usually applied to this purpose is measured by a bucket and counted out, but wheu it arrives at floating a ship, the question is:—What is her draught, aud how many cubic vards of liquid matter woulo satisfy her to give her a floating position ! Can any of our old seafaring friends enlighten us ? We beg to remind our subscribers that Craig, Williamson, aud Thomas, of Melbourne, have commenced business in their new premises, which we are given to understand are the finest and best appointed in the colony. Their immense stock embraces drapery, clothing, floorcloths, carpets, and furniture of every description. Should any of our readers visit Melbourne during the coming season we would recommend them to call and see the new warehouse, which is one of the sights of the city, and as the firm sell at actual wholesale prices for cash, purchasers reap the benefit of the wholesale profit, which is equivalent to a saving of 30 per cent. t S m s o 