THE EXTINCT TASMANIANS. (Daily A'tiTÄ. ) Tlie gravel lieds of England, for example near the Thames and the Exe, contain tho rudest known stone imple- ments. They are roughly trimmed and pointed by chipping off flakes, never by grinding, and it is probable that they were used unhefted by their owners, and, like tho Hammer of Thor, without a handle. These weapons are called Palaeolithic, to distinguish them from the daintier polished stone implements and cquisitcly-shaped arrow heads of stone, which are called Neolithic. They are of incalculable antiquity, and it is natural to wonder what kind of life the men led who manufactured them. These artisans were, at all events, very human. You can cut as well, or better, with any casual bit of edged flint as with the old implements on which some amount of artistic thought has been bestowed. Man, in fact, was bent on perfection and improvement, even when he dwelt in England with extinct beasts and birds. How he lived we can now partly conjecture. Mr. Ling Roth has gathered into n volume all that is known about the very last people who "tooled" with rudely chipped flints, and who have been destroyed by English rifles, blankets nnd alcohol. Of course we cannot conclude that because two sets of men in England many thousand years ago, and in Tasmania yesterday, were on the same level of culture in weapons, therefore their ways and ideas were similar throughout. Probably our own prede- cessors, so ill- equipped for the struggle of life, may have belonged to a white race, with all its superior endurance, and intelligence, or capacity of becom- ing intelligent. It is only certain that, in such respects as their relics testify to, the inhabitants of Britain were not more civilised than the black Tas- manians. These tribes were discovered in 1642, by Abel jansen Tasman. Tho country was next visited in 1772, by Marion du Frcsne, a French sailor, and in 1777 by Captain Cook. Baudin landed there in 1802, and in 1803 an English settlement was formed, und, of course, shooting began. Our people killed a friendly, or seemingly fricndly, party of blacks, men, women, and children. In 1818 the hincks nearly evicted the whites; by 1835 the wretched remnant of Pala-olithic men surrendered. In 1870, when Truganina died, tho repre- sentatives of the earliest known humanity ceased to exist. The Tasmanians were not beautiful in European eyes, though a French naturalist mentions a pretty flirt who kindly blackened the faces of his party by way of raising them to her own standard of the becoming. They were naked, except for a kangaroo skin in cold weather. They made a kind of hut, better than the Australians of the continent do, and their sepulchres were sometimes very curiously erected. They were very swift over a short dis- tance of ground, but had no endurance. Like the Australians, they were wonder- fully skilled trackers, and could tell any man by his footsteps. Unlike the Ycddahs of Ceylon, they were fond of laughter and buffoonery, Some were curious about European novelties, others were indifferent. M. la Bil liardière (1792) behaved, very kindly to them, and found thom most friendly and helpful. They even presented tho French with their ornaments of pierced shell. Ono young lady was oll'ered a pair of trousers, and shown how to wear them, which she did with grace. The men almost at once learned to use European axes nnd saws. One of them made experiments (if a painful nature on his own body with a burning-glass, which he had seen used to light a fire. They were astonished at finding the French white all over. M. Pérou talks of " the sweet confidence which the natives had in us, the affectionate proofs of goodwill which they lavished on us, the frankness of their manner, and the touching ingenuousness of their caresses." They were not canibnls, it. seems, but we have " eaten them up." One settler kept thc cars of all thc blacks he shot, as trophies in a picklo tub. A soldier pitched a black baby with his bayonet into a fire. Yet we have never forgiven the Spaniards in the West Indian Islands. The truth is that, oven with tho early French ex- plorer, misunderstandings arose. A Frenchman was asked by tho natives to light a lire they had piled up. He did so, and did not understand that this was the native way of asking you to tread on tho tails of their coats. They at once began tu throw their long pointed wooden spears, and to whack with their short heavy clubs, or waddies. Europeans never knew where to have thom; easily fell into panics, fired, and made all the blacks enemies of all the whites by the act. Convicts, ion, be- haved as they might be expected to do. There wcro quarrels about women. The natives were evicted from their hunting grounds, and speared tho sheep and cattle which had superseded them. They attacked isolated houses, they mutilated tho slain, and this is a deed which Europeans never forgive. Women who had lived with whites became barren when they returned to their tribes. The occasional habit of wearing blankets gave tho natives deadly chills.. So they perished utterly, , victims of the ignorance and ferocity of rude, or even criminal, carly settlers, lit is nn old story, and something very I much like it is being told in Queensland to-day, if we may believe many accounts. Tn family matters this lost people were polygamous, old men having more than their due share of wives. Unliko wliat wo aro told about tho primitive predominance of women-tho " matriarchato " these Tasmanians made - their wives do nil the work of fishing and cooking. Woman was a slave ; but a woman led the remnants of the. tribes in their last war The chief, if chief there existed, was apparently the strong man with the bad temper. In% this respect society has usually been rather Tasmanian. As to fire, they lit it cither by sparks from flint or by rubbing one stick on another, thc most prevalent ancient practice. They nlso carried lighted fuel about. It is curious how inexpert the Wrecks nlways were nt fire-lighting. Not only in Homer does a man in a lonely house keep a smouldering brand, that ho may not have to walk to the nearest neigh- bour for a light, but in " Daphnis nnd Chloe," 400 years after our era, the hero wanders far in search of a fire, j Apparently, he could not strike or rub a light for himself. As to food, they ate. enormously when there was any- thing to eat. A native woman ate more than fifty eggs tho size of a duck's egg. A baby of eight months tucked in a whole kangaroo rat, and topped up with a crawfish. Twelve pounds of meat and a gallon of train oil was an adult's dinner. They had no sort of agriculture, but were fond of vegetables and roasted fern roots. They hunted the kangaroo by the Scotch method of the " Tincel:' We'll quell thc savaj,-c mountaineer Af their tincel quells the ¡fatuo: They nome as fleet as forest deer, w ell drive them hick as tame. They drove the wild beasts into a narrow space and then clubbed them. Their manufactures were string, basket work, and the flaking of flints. The Australians, more advanced, grind their stone weapons to an edge, leaving the rest of the stone in its natural con- dition. About Tasmanian religion accounts differ. They seem to have recognised a good spirit of thc day and an cul one of the night, and to have been qualified as members of the Psychical Society by seeing ghosts. Probably they would never have im- proved much, for nature gave them necessaries, and they were highly disin- clined to work. " Their expression is fearful and wild when roused, restless and treacherous when in doubt, and when lnughing, of a made and almost convulsive gaiety. Among the aged tho expression is sorrowful, hard, and gloomy," says Peron. The Tasmanians, in fact, like Goldsmith's Ned Purdon Led such a terrible life in tim world, Wc dont chink they'll wish to come hack. But this experience is not peculiar to savages. They had sport, and lived in the open air. 