Doct^Spericer's Great ! Crime. X was sitting in rny oiBce, half dozing over an interminable article on nutrition in the last medical review. The; fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy, and the clock was just: on the etroke of eleven. I was about to turn off tbe gas and retire, for, being a bachelor* I slept in the room connected with mv office, when tbere was a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for this was soi£ething quite new. Middlebury was & decorous sort of place, 1 and the people usually managed to be taken sick at seasonable houre. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the past five years, and every time I visited her she solemnly informed me that when the de cisive moment did come she desired me present. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took up my night lamp and went to tbe door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, ehading it with my hand, I discerned the faoe of a woman. ^ ' Come in,*r 'I said, holding open the door. She deolined with a gesture of im patience. - . Toil must come out, and be quick about it,'Bhe said, in sharpt deci3ivo voice. I put on my~ overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm.: .As I did so the woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her 'face close to minw, said : 4t Doctor Iiockwood, can you. keep a secret?' ' I think so, madam.' . ' Swear it.' ' ' , ' la this secret of yours of' a' professional character? That is, is it anything you wish to confide in me as a medical man ?' '?It ip.' !* Very well, then, I sweat It.' ' u Tbat is light,' y A iQpn respects* an oath,' thongh why he should is a mystery, since men's mouths are running over with them. u Whither are you taking me, fthd for what purpose?' 'To the Clifton 'House to see the'mistress,'' waB tbe reply. * I started. Clifton House waB the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger to every ona in 'Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather distinguished looking person, who bad bung out his sign in the villagd only a few doors above minb, bet as yet he had no practice. He was unsociable in the extreme, avoiding hia neighbors persistently, and/when ho did epeak it was in so curt, half savage a way tbat no one was likely to prolong tbe conversation. - The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her..; She was an, invalid, and- Miss Melrose, a friend of the family, presided over the house, and sat at tho head of the table. Miss Melrose was very beauti* ful, and won tbe admiration of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. - 'Aa walk along, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you to know. My mismsa is very ill,*' said my companion. ' I beg your pardon— is it Mrs, Spencer or Mies Melrose?' ? She laughed bitterly. , II Miss Melrose 1 I would stab her to tho heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress is a lady— noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to-Berve her.' ' And is Bbe ill? . How long Bince?'' % E v er since she married him— curse him 1' she muttered, in a fiercer tone. 'Bat I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two yearB ago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon bo came James Spenoer's wife. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl \ immediately after their marriago'she began to fail. Do you.eee anything straUge in tha$?' ' Not necessarily.' 'Let mo enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at ono time engaged to Miea Lucille MelroBe, but he broke the engage ment, and married my mistress instead. Miss Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Miss Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer , was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you eee anything strange in that?' ® ' 11 Perhaps so. Go on.' V When my mistress married Speccer she was only seventeen, and had been^taught to oboy ber father In everything. She was a gentle, affectionate obild, and it would have beeo easy for Spencer to have won ber-love. Bat be did not care for that. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses ; it set his table with nioa and coBtly dishes, and put it in his power to keep Miss Melrose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistress has been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lookwood, I think she is not dying ot disease, but of n— ahe lawered hot voice to a whisper as she spoke tho word 'poison!' ; ' Impossible 1 This is a grave obarge.' 14 Of poison given her by her husband, who, ?at her death will have the solo control of her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain tbo details of the thousand and one oiroumstance which has led me to believe it, for we aro almost at tbo door. It la usver tbe case that Miss' Melrose and Spencer are out the house at the same time, or I ebould have called a physician be* fore ; but to-night they ate both called away by the death of Mise Melrosfi'a sister, and will. not be baok until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and ob, DJotor Lookwood, I pray you save her. I nursed her when her mother died and loft her a helpless infant; all through her innootnt l youth she was like. an own obild to mo ; arid ?now tosce ber fading hourly before my eyes i Great llqavenl If I know beyond a doubt that ho wao guilty, bis life should pay tho forfeit,'/ ? I was already- beginning to feel a deep' interest Jn Mrs.* tipencer, although I had neve? seen Jiorj dnd liko her own nuns I waa beginning to fed a deep animosity for Doctor gpcncer.- \ *? , t ? .? - . Mrs. .Spaueer received* mo in bcr bed* ohsmber.lt was on the second floor, and was furnished with exquisitoolegavoe. Everything In tho room bespoke tho -refined tasto of tbe occupant, The warm 'air was -fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glancing around I saw theputplebloflipms and green leaves*in an alabasttrvAso tho edge of tbo: sooth window. — .'?Vr ... ' Bbe wft« a- woman who; once seen, oould never bo . forgotten. I have met Io my life rnftoy a beautiful woman; bat never one so lovely* . Bhft was till and straight, vilth a Sorely oval iacf, liquid brown eyes, and a ash of heotlo Io her oheek wbloh Is' not soon io health;, flho reoolved mo praocIully» aa I .kqow'sbff d(4 every one, and though thero WftSAjrilgbttaibarrAMmont (n her manoor -hcn- I ppoko of her Illness, sheaDswered my proffliitbDAl ipquIHoa irlthout healU ' Jkn for myieif, I laid asldo all fals^o delloaoy and quoitloned her plalnly afl to her svron tome* Mrs,IIwdf tb8nut«rremoInfd iotbe room, and added many lutpurtaot llemlof JpfoTwation, .- ?.« - . . When tba inoka of het bpihsnd Jlv»i with a-sorto/ hopeleii-iadptif ^hioh dlmtned mo {frutly^ ht«|th d.aotplolon against Wm waijq-bBrinfcjfiri to my qKes. iloni, ? aodvl f«ll lurju^At at prciett slo nothing ti »wti«loui appiehcu^ filad ft wif.19. ty with lier^flojply* itrPDavgaaiHUofl^iiijflbtbatapMteMi Mrlous rsiuIj^X. my examloaUon ol my own conclusions. I could h&vs; sworn that Mrs.'Spencer daily swallowed arsenic in small quantities, and tbe deadly dreg was telling on her constitution. She said, answering my questions, that she had.no pbysioian except her husband. He thought himself better acquainted with her case, andtbeiefore better qualified to treat her. He never left medicine for her to take ; be always- brought it from his office and administered it promptly. ' Tbere was little I could do in suoh a case. Anxious to do everything, the very ciroum* stances of the effair left me nearly powerless. A charge of such nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without tbo proof. If 1 hinted a suspicion everyone would set it down to my professional pre judice; and if I could not substantiate my statement the dootor could make-me pay dearly for such & slander uttered against* him. . The only, dependence eecmed to be in Mrs. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve tbat I thought Dr. Spencer was killicg his wife, by slow' poison, and I bcsoogliVh&r; to constantly watoh to eave the victim} and discover some proof by whtch we 'can fasten, the guilt on her hus band. She emiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poieon I suspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. Tdid 'not sleep that night, and all the next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the bell made me tremble — a step on 'the gravel out* side my office stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I expeoted to hear* I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept, And now I must tell the story aa it .was told to me. Dootor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, the nurse Baid *, appeared gloomy and depressed, ' Miss Melrose came with him, and looked decorously sad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdo tbe thing, as women Of feeling are likely to do. Dootor Spenccr came at once to bis wife's chamber. He thought that ehe looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. M You ate always ordering cordials for her,' said Mrs. Hurd, musingly. ' Why not take something yourself? You look like & ghost I' Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : U1 think I will take some of the cordial myself, fori do not feel quite well. Alice dear;' bhail 1 bring it here and drink your health?'-' Mrs. Spencer smiled sadly in* assent — ehe never disputcd bcr husband — and he went ont. Presently he returned with two glasses. Both oontained liquor colorless and odorlesB. Mr*. Hurd was watohing him with her heart in her throat, for ahe told me that ehe felt the decisive moment had come. Tbere was something in the grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told her of a desper ate purpose in the man's eoul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. ' Drink it, dear,' he Baid, 'It's a panacea for all evils.- I am also going to take a glass of it,' and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted,' and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. ' If yoa will bring her a tumbler of water, dootor. Mrs. Spencer complainB tbat the cordial leaves a bad ta&te;]in her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs.' ' The doctor turned and bent on her a look as. though he meant to read her through. But sho kept her face passive. *If he bad any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass be left the room. Then Mta. Hurd changed the position oi the glasses. When ho came back — and he was gone but a moment — the nurae stood exactly where he had left her, and Mrs. Spencsr was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again ho lifted the glass— tbwi time it was the one-intended for himself — and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed tbo contents, drank a little of tbe water he brought her, and thanked him in her Bad, b wee t way. - 'Now for my own oordial,' he said, with tffeoted gaiety. UI indulge in something stronger.' As-ho spoke he tossed oflLthff mixture. 'It made the etoue cold to iny fingciB' ends to see him do it,' said Mrs. Hurd, re lating the' circumGtanoo to mo, ' but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued like this : ' If it waB simply cordial, it would do no harm; it it was poison, his blood would be upon his own sinful head.*' .He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. ' In tbe morning they fcund him dead. I was called to the post-mortem 'examination, and we discovered in the stomach of tho deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to' kill half a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man waa insane, and had probably taken the dose in -one of bis uneottkd fiU of mind. 1 did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her Btory, I had my own theory as to thq cause of hiB death. There waa no puhlio ex posure, however, Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one . to make the ?wn- tchcd affair public, and bo we kept our own conned. ' Miss Melrose, in spite of my conviction that she had an active part In the conspiracy against Mr?. Spenosr'0 life, I could not help pitying, Such. a miserable, worn and haggard face sa bers I have never Been, and when (boy burled Dootor Spencer she was oenfined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illnesB, bnt, though sh*recovercd in health, ehe was never herself again,. She waa a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers and dc'oora* .ting the dootor'B gravo with them*. She la living still, and still gathers flowers and laya the,ra on that grave, singing to herself a low Incantation, which no one aver pretends to undersUud. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many dayt been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hard slept under tho violets, did Alice know the perfidy ot her former, husband. When I told her, after the t first shook waa over, she crept into ,my arms and wbls* pered: : . : 'But it It had not been for James* crime I should not bavo lounti you, Herbert. So good sometimes coipea.out of evil.' What Is tho reason that all children are geniuses— though they contrivo io sood to otttgtow that dangerous quality— except that they nover oroii- examino themselves on tha subject ? Tho moment that prooon begins, their speeoh loses Iti gift o! unexpectedness, and they become as tediously Impertinent ai ' tho rest ot us. PiUGTKUj* application is the only mordant which will sst tilings In tho memory. Studv, without II, Is eymnastloif and not work, which alono will gel mteUectual bread, /V j - : No one oan ask honestly or hopefully Io bo deltyrtd from temptation unlen ho has hlmi el! honestly ana firmly determined to do tho best ha oan to top oat oUt* ^ . A man will be behlnd whilo ho follows % i leadort and *111 comprehend the lema o! his i own ulitAQca only when bo;: goes Inde* pendent. ^ I Natuhb 1k upheld by AnUgonl«R}?Faiilon«, I resUtanos, danger, aio cdu«tori£ttVfl acquire I .tho turcngtU we have o?eioome, . - and womea 'oowldsrattly r|nd7ouw|li^e»arprUpd^lbadivldeijai IJhM oorp# id you dally 