ITEMS OF INTEREST, ^ t a i g ^ u r horses to death at Mayfielij tection m the island. . ..The Emperor, of Austria is to shortw » • avisit from the Czarewitch of Russia 0 ' A body of masked men have robhpfl „ preBB car on the railway near Ufbana Ohid eX " . By the retirement of the Eishon of w™.' i gains a seat ^ thefetf , In London New Zealand frozen m,-«-„„ - quoted at Sjd. perlb. .- .- At -the elecbons to the XI niled States On, ™ X i ™ ^ S BJStem o£ vobns , , .The Russian Government ^ , .600,000 Lebel. rifles from': the French Da« atlonal manufactory atSt. Etienne. . Mr. .Gladstone declares that it is » dream of retaliation upon .the' United Bfa£t> -the effect of the Mackmle*r tariff London after being out 126 days The* General Booth, asks the public to the sum of £1,000,000 towards scheme'for the reclamationof the m S South. • African farmers are oTPoflw «« by babo^s. The^nimaU their beehives, and tear down fruit trees Kecentiy. a French corporal and seven soldiers were .sentenced to death at Hanoi for deseS S and joining the ranksof the Chinese army a &r..B0ldiers;' ives,"to unde7go 7 M^of" :7 trammg.in midwifery and general nursino- -'S? 7 y«™-"«go;EngIish apples were „rocuxable at 6d. a peck ; now thev fetch 2s M so that their, cultivation would par verv weU At Chambejy.a .French Customs officer has- Shptan .Itehan.smuggler .who offered great s sisteiieo when an attempt was made to arrest; : :,liadame;C^bti wife.of theFr'enchPresidant is said to have done more to strengthen Republic than all the politicians have accom plished. / •. - .. A number of TTelsh students are leaving the •Principality at the close of their theoloeical studies for a. further term of study at Tale University, U.S. -• : The numberof: sentences of psnal servitude passed by ordinary courts in England and Wales in 1889 was 918. - The lowest number onrccord is 910. Because'her mother scolded her for beine half -an-hour-late in returiiing home one ni—lit Miss Nellie M'Mahon, a "young Chicago lady' committed Euicide. A trial over a family quarrel at Hamersville, Ohio, was tragically interrupted. John Hiler shot and killed Constable Allen and Another sensational suicide is reported from Berlin, Baron von Loeper," ex-lieutenant in the army^."having hung himself after beggaring himself onthe turf..' A feature of the Erankfort- on-the-lfauia International Exhibition will be the transmission of electrical power over copper wires from a distance of 140 miles. One hundred negroes have been poisoned at a revivalist meeting in Dallas county, Texas through eating pork poisoned with arsenic! Eight deaths have occurred. Emigration from Ireland still continues at the rate bf over 70,000 persons a year. Nearly 80 per cont. of IriBh emigrants are between fifteen and thirty-five years of age when they leave Ireland. One-thousand men employed in the shipyard of Sir Wiliam Armstrong, Mitchell, and Co., at Elswick, Newcastle, came out on strike against the importation of strangers to fill the places of local joiners on strike againBt an award of Mr. Burt, M.P. ; Great sensation has been caused at Rawten. stall by the suicide of a- boy of sixteen named James Owen, the sonbf-a, tradesman. He was seen by his mother to - steal money. His 'father threatening that he" , would inform the police, the-lad r;,n out of the house half-dressed, and .threw himself into a reservoir, where* .his body •Was afterwards found, '"'Starvation is producing serious results 111 the Soudan. _ Grainis'iiot-allowed to-be sent info the Interior, and a raid has been made on tie cattle' in the neighbourhood of Tokar by Osman Digna's followers, and ; some 200 have bean -taken*--'; • An Indian—half-witted and morose—living near Pasco.del Norte, in-Mexico, left home on busmess, but before starting' he put his two children, a girl and a boy, in. a large box, and naileddown the lid to prevent them from getting into the orchard end eating the fruit. He did hot return home until the nest evening, and on opeaing the box he found the boy dead and the girl dying. . "Eight women have been appointed factoryinspecters in the State of New York. One ii a paper box maker, one a dressmaker, one a school teacher; and one a mill-worker. The most interesting member of the band is Tuiss Bertlia L. Aschoff, of Albany, .Who was boycotted bv millowners in Albany, where she had worked, bii account of her activity in some labour trouble. . Professor Cpok urgeB dairymen to weigh tie milk of each cow, BO as to weed out the unprofitable ones. " The average annual product of butter in Vermont- IB. only 1301b. per cow, whereas there.: are thirty dairies in the State averaging over '<500 lb. per cow." According to the Jersey Bulletin, the laigest prices paid in the world tor batter are paid for the articles made in private dairies, simply because the best butterin the world is made in private dairies. So long as these facts stand, the best dairymen than any factory can, simply because, it-offers more profitable reward for intelligence, skill, and enterprise. An extraordinary incident occured in the court of the Deputy-Commissioner at HOBhangahad. A man walked up -to the dais • where the magistrate was sitting .:hearing a case, and handed him something wrapped up-in a pipal .leaf, which, when opened, was found to coiltain liis wife's nose. The liusbami, having asserted-his authority, had come in to take the 'consequences.- " - In view of the hundredth, anniversary of the death bf the founder of Methodism, in MaKh • next, tho Wesleyan community propose'to raiee a fund for .the restoration of the old City-wad Chapel—which was built in 1777, and has always been, regarded as -the headquarteis of the connection—and the^ repair of the house adjoining, where' john . Wesley breathed his last. It is hoped to raise a fund of about £7,000, equal to an endowihent of, £200 a year. Bishopries appear . canducive to long life in England.. There are at the present moment no less than five spiritual Peers of the House of Lords who are. over.; eighty years of age. The Bishop of Worcester is eighty-three, the Bishop". Of;. Bath., and Wells, eighty-two, the Bishop iof -Winchester eighty, ;the Bishop of • Norwich • eighty-one, and;- most - vigorous ana lusty/of : all, the sBishop of Chichester, who at •the'age of- ei^htv-eight;is still able to make long diocesan tours, to read and enjoy- Stanley's last book, .and. to exgress_'sympathy withtte who fmdpleMure in dancing. ": ' ., ; -: A'Berlin- paper tolls a strange story. Tho children of a school in-Medenstrasse have lately been so oxcited by ghost stories that even ^during-School -hours 'they imagined they saw fiory men; death's-heads, and the like. _ At H o'clock.afewmomings agoworkwashegmnaig, when suddenly a child in the second girls' class, held in ono of the upper stones, who was sitting at an open window, -began to scream, crying out, "Help! help! the Dead Hand is strangling mo!" "Without listenmg to her -teacher, tho frightened girl, who was twelve years old, rushed out of. the room, followea ny her companions, screaming. Presently hoys ahd,'girls iby-hundredssstumbled -and fell (lows -the;stairs;'-Moat Jbrtuhately none-were seriously .-hurti%*ut:some of 'theni had to. be earned home ih'Siaint^.siate^Thepolicemen' .of the d» •tricttdepbiM that.fthe'gfrlat 'the mndow must have been startled by a curtain which a gust or '-Wind blew into her-face.-.: :...,"."-. ,, -^Aiiiei^OrdmaTyifreakiof nature is reportea &:o : m'fMa;tlfoura®tatibn having occurred m Mr.--Virgoe'-s thoroughbred horse stud. Amonpt the mares put to the Welsh pony Arabi Pasha in'August tot year was The Nymph by fhoriSen^-Queen of Clubs by Cossack.' This •inarcis known as a good performer of her timer and was the winner of tho Y.A.T.C. Sapluig •Stakes'in-1833. ; Thirteen months' after, being put to Arabi Pasha, that is on- September U pared in first classiealth and condition; hut on "tho «th "October shecrcalcd sopie sjiipnse By adding/a:gray.colt foal to the stud,-.;It was ^ted-at.the timeith'at although the occurrence •^mbBt'itmM^'at'had^ one .occMi6nm^e^>2£a^d when a thorongnbred-more had..droppedthreefoalsat' 'ahlemt^yiaft^lheWese^ TheNvm.P" ^rrated'tffief^'Hse iby :droppmg.a tmra foal on the 23rd October. She takes Imidly » the last two.foals, butwillfnot-.allow the ami n 3to, come near her. The occurionct is » ost remarkable one, and has only.been eMWW® - the New Zealand instance m the taster 0 one breeding. 