Story Column. TUB HA1J) OF DESTINY, OB THB. Mysterious Tenant of Francton Holme. BY HENRY FRITH, Author of " Tho Mystery of Moor Form," " Tho Skeleton Cupboard, " Tho Block Shaft, " Her Dead Imago," ito. 'The Brisbane rights of thlB tnlo have been pur- ' ' chased by tho Telegraph Newspaper Company \- ' /from Cossell and Sfompony. cnsiter XVII —Lady Pabkhaai's Ofinions — , a Visit of. Sympathy— Tho Oaftain Opens the tnbnones— Undeceived. ///Captain Conistree returned home to tee corn .that evening after he hod parted with Phyllis Aleroft and Miss 'Hamilton in a somewhat be- . . ' wildered state of mind. Ho had been worsted by ' Miss Hamilton — very deoidedly worsted. He had reoeived a . snub, as ho oonsidered it ; and,/ puttihg'Sll the faots together, ho began to be a little disturbed. If this Miss Hamilton was really acqaa'nted with his flirtation — with his -engagement to. Constance Germaine — all , ohanoe of winning the heireBB wss gone. Ho . women, he- deolared to himBolf, ever met with, out. chattering, and Miss Hamilton would soon tell Miss Aloroft, and his mother's plan would fall to the ground. -Lady Parhham had shown him the folly of -, his ways as regarded Constanoe ; but, to do . him justice, Captain Conistree did not relin quish his hopes without a struggle. He repre sented to his mother that his word was pledged to Miss Qermaine ; that he really was fond of her ; and that she was really a ladylike, oharm- tog, and accomplished yonng lady. But it is . perhaps hardly necessary to add that Lady Parkham did not admit any of his pleas. In other matters her notions of honour . were striot enough; but when- her son's establishment in life was in question she had few, if any, scruples concerning any promises made to a governess. . "Yon must not fall into the error of think ing that MiBS Germaine's feelings are as fine as those of one in our position," she said. " I wonder what ' onr position' was before yon married the general," muttered the captain. The Germaines were quite as well off, as we were, I believe, and yon never made any ob jection to my visiting them in thoBe days,", he said aloud. " That is an entirely different matter, Mal colm," replied her ladyship severely. " Ion forget that yon have nothing in the world be sides your pay, and the few pouudB that Sir Charles allowB you. And on these terms yon would marry a penniless girl — pretty enough, I daresay. But Mies Aloroft is in everyway, a suitable matoh for yon, my dear boy ; and your stepfather will be very pleased to unite tho estates." " And I am to saorifice myself, and break my word to Miss Germaine, because the general wants a few aores of land added to the court !" exolaimed Malcolm t-.atily, and with a shade of contempt in hiB tone. " Malcolm, you have no right to put.things so coarsely," replied her ladyship. "The matoh iB not a fit one for you. 1 wiTl write to . Miss Germaine, if you prefer it ; but surely any girl of sense in her position would at onoe per ceive that, after what has happened, yoor mar riage with her is . out of the question. Yoor stepfather will be greatly annoyed, if yon per severe in your mad resolution— and — yon will break my heart." Lady Parkham'a heart had survived many worse shocks than that she so greatly dreaded ; but she had made up her mind " to marry her . eon — she had only one" — to Miss Aloroft, and when her ladyship made up her miad, there was no appeal. So Malcolm Conistree gave up his heart and his promises under maternal pressure and under fear of poverty, whioh he dreaded more than parental displeasure. He did not again writo to Constanoe, hut permitted his promise . to lapse. In pursuance of her objeot, Lady Parkham determined to treat Miss Aloroft and her friend with considerable cordiality, and had actually oontemplated asking them to dinner. But, as her son pointed out, Miss Aloroft would not come. ' Let me oau with a note, and ask the ladies to come to luncheon some day." " I will oall my Bell, dear, and yon can ao- company me if yon please. Yon have mado me very happy, Malcolm, and vonr unarms, lmean — nas promised to purohase that hunter yon admired so. T was'sure yon would bepleasod." -Her ladyship treated her son just SB she did when he was a lad: "If she could induoe him to relinquish anything, she nsed to reward him with a sweetmeat or a present. So in this oase be had done as' she wished, and must have a reward. In acoordanoe with her plan, Lady Parkham called that very same afternoon, that is, on the day on whioh Ralston had appeared and alarmed the young ladies by his demands. Acting on . Miss Hamilton's advioe, Miss; Aloroft kept the secret of the man's.appearanoe. , "He will get wind of it, and alter his - plans \- perhaps. Besides we must not, betray himhere, . you- know," eho said. " I do not' regard snah promises as binding,'.' Miss Alorof than replied; / .'-.but as our silence may further your ends, I will be silent." . ' 1 1 Bo it happened that the folks from .the court : were hot made awaze of Balston'a reappearance, i. in the neighbourhood. .. ' Lady Parkham was most gracious, and did . - allilnher power to indues Miss Aloroft and her young friend to come over to the -court ..one afternoon. "No party," she said;. she assured them that only two gentlemen who Were stay ing there would be present, f 1 '.One: o i them is your uncle's .old friend, Mr.- Harding, a solioitor, yon know — an old aoquatotanoe. Say Wednesday. Where is Miss Hamilton, your friend?'' " Upstairs, Lady Parkham. She does not sea visitors as a rule." : " My son. tells mo she is - very nice-looking, bnt my dear, I am sure he profers the looks of Another yonng lady'." i Her ladyship at this nodded and smiled, and nearly winked in her anxiety to impreses Phyllis with the extent of the captain's admiration. . Captain Conistreo then interposed with a remark rcapeoting a regatta, and relieved Phyllis of some embarrassment— an intervention for whioh she was grateful. His manner was very kind and deferential, and she liked him, but love was . entir. )y out of tho question ! The visit came to an end and Miss Hamilton had not appeared. Lady Parkham felt 'the . young lady onght to have heen present, but Hiss Hamilton had taken care not to pnt her- \- self in her ladyship's way. She had managed ta esoape' Captain Conistree onoe,- bnt did . not venture on a meeting in 'the drawing- room. So Bhe took a hook and hid herself in A summer-. " house at the end of the garden,' where hb one, unless a thorough searon was ; made for Tier, ' would he likely" to' find her! But.sho was nearly hetravod by a!. humble friend to . whom she had been kind. ' Carlo, Lady. Parkham'pot/ Italian' greyhound, . '.had,. as usual, aboomps'nied hef. ladyship in tho. «arriage,and had not been permitted to' follow hef, into ,the house. The little animal had . , managed to esoape from the pmtody of the foot- , ;,.man, .and with oanino sagaoity, had made, his ".way round to the window of the 'drawing-room Whioh opened' into .the garden; abd bogan to //bark .as loudly as'ha could/' He wonted a 'stranger., . -..iHate hp jrqm&toed; for a whllo, flattening hip \- .nose against 'tho glass, , until tho soft' tread of, a ,.j ..lady's foot qrosaijig a pattitprnodhiaattention to Miss Hamilton. She; had,. disguised,' herself completely. 'In her' role of dotbotlve she" was \- : -SWtePfcJl put Carlq waa not, to be deoqived liko' /.thai superior , animal— man ! No ; Carlo know , . J. itbo, , hands which pad .oaroBscd pnd fed him and. , -pfltted him. In a' moment he was,' barking, joyously round his friend, displaying his.de- light in tho most extravagant antios, wriggling about, and nearly shaking himself off his legs in thfloxnbonutboofcbiajoy,o:J ii Carlo, Carlo!"- -cried Miss Hamilton. '"Poor oldfellow. Como' along, 'Uarlo.". (lie dbg,1 nothing loth; 'aobdmpanled'heri bnt Lhdy /'Parkham unfortunately' had1 seen hor i- JtijSinjl Wai, with '/Hlte ! AToVof t's ' -assistance, r,\ rtwut 0P8u1th'e1wind6w,l-asMisfl' Hamllton \- ana her conino'ootapanion turnod away. : " Carlo, Carlo ! " oaibb frbm thb atden ' ' "Is that MiBS, Hamilton?" "inquired Lady ! Parkham, as she adjusted her gold eyeglasses, i whioh hnng suspended by a thiols" gola ohain from bcr ample neok. " If so, she seems to hayo made friends with Carlo very qniokly." Mies Hamilton heard the window oponed, and guessed that she wan peraeiyed. Bat the . dog still clnng to her, and seemed untiring in: its gratitude and demonstrations ot nfleotion. &ho; ordered him back, bat ho was unwilling to leave her, nntil Lady Parhham's voioo recalled him to his duty. Beluotantly Carlo obeyed, and Miss Hamilton continued her way to tho retreat she had ohoscn. She hod not looked hack, and might have heen deemed to be unaware of the presenoe of visitors, as the intervening shrubs served as a partial screen, but. she know perfectly well that Lady Parkham was tbero, and tbongb she could face hor Eon, tho captain, Miss Hamilton did not yot vent ore upon meeting her ladyship by daylight. " A very ourious faot," remarked Lady Park ham. " Your friend seoms acquainted with my little dog Cdrio, come hero, sir !" This adjuratidii was addrossed to tho dog, because he displayed deoided symptoms of a desire to follow MUb Hamilton. " Mary is very fond of animals," said Miss Aloroft, "and your dog soon found that out. Bogs and ohildron oan always tell who like tbmi." ' And so can ladies, I presume," remarked the o, ptain. " Can't you always tell if anyone likes you, Miss Aloroft?" Ho felt ho muBt make a beginning somehow, and bb lady Parkham was ocoupied with Carlo, he took th e plunge. "lam not sure that IKave ever given any thongbt to the question," said Phyllis. "If people like me, I am very glad; if they do not, I can't help it. They need not unless they please. They are qnite weloome.to stay away." "What a pretty garden yon have, Miss Aleroft 1" said Lady Parkham. " And what nioe flowers, too, late as it is ! Those ohrysan- thimums ate really exquisite 1" " May I offer yon a few, Lady Parkham ? I shall -be very pleased, if you will come out." the wsB longing to get away. " I am sure I should be delighted to have a few to Bhow Sir Charles, who is very fond of them. Vtohave nothing so- beautiful at the court, bnt I am afraid I must not go ont. I am getting old, my dear, and I have-only thin shoes on. My son, I am sure, will accompany j on with pleasure." Her ladyship had been gazing through her eyeglass into the garden all this while in on abstracted manner, as if a tete-a-tete between ber eon and Miss Aloroft were . the very last idea in her mind. She conoluded with tho suggestion above recorded, and removing bor glasses, folded them, and looked at her son. " With pleasure," he said, "if Miss Aloroft will permit me to aooompany her ?" " Certainlv." phn replied, srlanoimr at tho boudoir. Then taking a pair of garden stisaora from a box outside the window, eke stepped aeross the grasB towards the really fine Bhow of ohryesnthemnms beyond it. "You are very fond of flowers, Miss Aloroft, I can see," remarked her companion. " How oan ' yon see that ?" she' inquired bluntly. " Bo you imagine I do all the work here ?" "I certainly judged jou to he fond of flowers, because they are so well oared for, and so well arranged in doors. I am fond of flowers myself, and hoped yon were too." " I am very fond of them, Captain Conis tree," replied Phjllis, who felt she had been rathir brusque. " And as "you like them, too, you shall have a buttonhole from tho green house. Now, oan yon hold the basket a moment, please?" Of oonrse he was delighted. She was cer tainly very pretty, and as she extended herself and her arms across the border, . the oapt∈ could not help noticing the lithe roundness of her figure and her suppleness. She was cer tainly rather petite, and did not possess the sweet beanty of Constanoe Germaine ; but as Constance was out of reaoh, Phyllis would make him a very desirable wife ; she was oer- tainly more a "woman of the world" than " poor Connie," and therefore more suited to beoome Mrs. Conistree; besides, Phyllis had ample means. "Let me assist yon," he said gently. " Oh no, thank yon. I oan manage very well by myself, Captain Conistree." "I trust yon won't baniBh me, Miss Alocof t?' ' ." Not if yon behave yourself and do as yon are told," she retorted, smiling. "Yon may remain— if yon are good." " "What mnst I do to he gpod?" he asked ; " I would remain with you for ever if I oould." . " Yon must not talk nonsense then, and I am certain you would get very tirod of me. I am lor — illl ,7 Ai.ll, -» i "I am sure I should never tire of your Eooiety, Miss Aleroft," he replied with con siderable emphasis. " Don't misjudge me so." " l am not-judging yon at all," she replied. " Nothing was farther from my thoughts. Bo hold the bnskst straight — all the blossoms will fall in a moment !" They were passing a secluded arbour, sur rounded with laurels, as Phyllis turned to np- braid him with a quizzical Bmile. " They will fait at your feet, fair Phyllis ; and I would gladly lay them there,", ho said heroically. "Captain Conistree, are yon not well, oris it possible that you intend to make love to me ?" she exolaimed. " . " I am quite well, thank yon,' Miss Aloroft," he replied, rather taken ahaok by her bluntnoaa of speech ; " and surely I may admire you— as- : I do. You are yyorthy of all my devotion !" j : ' "Oh, Captain Comstreo, I wonder to how many girls' yon have said the same !" ' "Neverto any but 'yourself, Phyllis." " You sbould'hot call me Phyllis," she said firmly. " I am '.afraid 1 cannot oredit all yon say. Bid not I hear something of a flirtation with a pretty governess — a Miss Germaine- very nioe girl, tab, ! heard ? Pie, gallant— too gallant — captain 1" " Oh, MIbb Germaine was nothing to me, really,"- replied the man, - blushing at tbe denial. "Snoh a union would be ridionlona. Now, Miss Aloroft, listen, one moment." "Not a seoond ! ' Didn't you hear some thing? I 'did. Yon 'must be serious now, Captain Conistree. Fanoyyou trying to flirt with me ! No, no, I- think' we have been out long enough. Lady Parkham will be im patient." £he turned rapidly awhy, leaving theoaptain to follow at his leisure. Ho hnrried after hor, and the crunching of his' hoots upon the path prevented him fiom hearing the suppressed moan of - heartfelt ' pain whioh arose , from behind tho laurels, where a young girl lay back, ashy pale, with olenohed hands— struok down by his words. . . . „ "How very kind of you, Miss Aloroft," said Lady Parkham ; " thoBo ore beautiful Bpeoimens, indeed. Now, Malcolm, I am sure we have troubled Miss Aloroft long enough. Ring for the oarriage, please." Maloolm did as he wob requested, and the guests departed. Carlo -howled as he. was being carried away, but no one notioed him mnch. "Good-bye, dear Miss Aloroft," said hor ladyship. "I hope .you willoome and see us soon. Bring - your young friend with you. Good-bye." ' /Farewells' were exchanged and the oarriage drove off, Phyllis reipntered the drawing-, .room, and as;she'did so'she oaught_ sight of Mary Hamilton entering from the garden as pale" ob - a" ghost. 'She passed hurriedly, murmuring a few words about a headaoho and goihg np to hW own room, looked herself in for a "good ory." . TO M ooNkiausn'To-itonBOw. An'qmueib' stoiy qom'cs from Amdrioa with regard to> uiphrohidi' of the British peerage. When' Of o latb'JEarl of Airlie ,weht out to buy, a . roioho' in' CqlbrqoJ'ho was- aooomjbauiod by his sister, Liidy Miu'do 'Ogllvy . ' Whub' the' iiogo- , 'ti atlons foiTpuichdab wore prpoq'oding, tho land - owner atteinjifea to improyo hl proximity to an carl's 'daughter' by making himself agrbeabla." To his ahavo inquiry whether she was fond of travelling., he rooolyod a qold and uiiiioihpromia- fDg "No." Chahglng'hiB' lino, Hp eloquently '.expatiate'd'on tho' beantles of the sbanery in'tho ' woitbtn .StilteBf Bnd: wo'diid up hy 'askinjf if sho' ' oarfd fbrsoonory. ' Nb." After & Brig pause .he'ped'himself'tegoth'e, and hinted 'Ycisp'oot- . folly ' that lbh'o was donbtloaa ' fohd'! of sooiah ,'plejlstU(iq.''J Afeiiiii biihe jh'egthro6tfyp4',,No!"-' Startlbd ont bf hU pqUibnesii/ thb .man wheeled " round and1 abrnptfy' dbinaiidbd what ' she We - fond Of,' thfii. ''Cattlbi" lBaid Ha3y''Mando- : -a< t. 'ita 