THE CASE OF GEORGE CANDLEMAS. By GEORGE R. SIMS, Author of ' Mary Jane's Memoirs,' ' The Dagonet Reciter,' etc. CHAPTER I. IN THE AGONY COLUMN. ON the night of April the 13th, 188—, a young man of about seven-and-twenty sat alone in the great library of Strange- ways Hall. Strangeways Hall, Sussex had been for the last four hundred years the country seat of the Strangeways family. A charming family residence it undoubtedly is if you are a family, but when you are a single young fellow its gpeat corridors and its lofty rooms are suggestive rather of ghosts than grandeur and the thick ivy that covers its grim gray walls is an emblem of earwigs rather than an artistic announcement of anti- quity. ie Sir-Arthur ? Strangeways, the youni Ëf/'hâd been but a short time homi India.' He had quarelled with hi . ... r, pver a love-afiair: he had beei cortpeUedito break of his engagemen «îtti'a ^öühglady who had only her goat to^afid hfir aniiability to recomment tier, md {ie bad gone to India in orde tnatuimid new «cenes he'might forget thi ^Utf"^\itA 'succeeded in forgetting td1'' was ju)*,' wondering ' whether hi }W, propose to another young lady when theidWh of >luV father compellet him'to"jietUrTi tb England. W'tolni* he had rea( ¿ñ^eaormons amount of light literature and bad . become fascinated by tnt novels of Gaboriau, more especially bj flippe Vhlch dealt with the unravelling o crime 'fey the skilled detective of ro manee. He read eagerly the detective storiei thatiás idon as the taste for them set in, were poured, forth in shoals by. the British and American publishing firms. And fronrficticmhe turned to fact, and studied aU the murder and jail the mysteries, that from time to time cropped up as a god fiendfo the newspaper press. \- One thing struck him from the first, and that was the vast superiority of the detec tive of fiction to the detective offset He was astonished that with the examples of the french and the American detec tives before their eyes, the criminal investigators of Scotland Yard went about .tjieir work in such a humdrum and prosiac manner; and he felt convinced that the reason so many crimes remained unfathomed mysteries was that the de tectives did not take as their models those past masters of cunning and inge nuity who figure in the pages of Gaboriau and his countless imitators. Since his return from India Sir Arthur bad followed np his theory in a practical manner. He had applied himself to the . study of every mysterious crime that happened in England, and had written fang letters of advice to the Director of Criminal investigation, pointing out what oughtto be done in order to obtain the clue which so persistently evaded the , of ^ pouce. "y'I should like to take a case up my ?self,' he seid, 'and show them how it váttgM to.be done, but there's no chance, ßcotland Yard people wouldn't see 1-But everything comes to those who <^',lma jtb-ni|hti as'he sits alone in the ^r^^^olp/ign'ip cigar after, dinner and . gMng sntcntly.at the smoke as it lazily «n#Ts inpfcard towards the ceiling, an doWnafcome \6 him, which he thinks fie may'pWsibly be able to put into exe .. «,,jticipy;pf.Üje DmlyTèltgiaph lies be lies bia* en the table. He has read a portion of it again and again. That V'fliWb «tte<«j^.&lumh;, «1 He picks it up abd reads one of the tii&émnúWthe'sM^nie, repeat ing it slowly aloud as ifXorirrj'p,ress it on tísmind'; 1 /'\ .t^<%í£--¿*Mtn or write to your anxious mother. Your obtenu tfiautittg the greuteet anxietv. ' 'nMor two'dayt in succession the above , alfoirt^toehïtfiad appeared. Sir Arthur wfiolbadinât afternoon returned from a ? : visit tajfltigbti'n, had seen it there, and it was the first thing he noticed when he p^ftilr^üprhe^«^7iAyrtf/Aafterdinner There was nothing very striking in il; and nothing to arouse public i curiosity. But Sir Arthur Strangeways, the amateur detective, saw a chance'1 for his talents. Here was a private matter-one in which tile Scotland Yard people would not be able to interfere with him if he were al lowed to take it up. ,','FH do it,' he said to himself; * hy Jove, I will. TU go up to London to morrow." He rose and rang the bell, «nd a man servant entered. ' Fisk,' he said, ' you will go to London by the first train to-morrow. See rae before you start. I want you to take an advertisement to the Daily Telegraph.' ', 'Yes, sir.' 74 And then you'd better go to Mrs. Maloney and tell her I'm going to stay at the chambers for some time, and ask her to get her dusting done before Í come in the afternooon.* ' Yes, sir.' I£sk retired to make his preparations ? for the morning, and pack his mister's clothes, anâ Sir Arthur Strangeways strolled out int!0 thc grounds to think over his plans. j It was a dark night, and what little ?noon there was kept carefully behind the black clouds which swept across the sty Sir Arthur strolled on, thinking to him self, until he came to the edge of a little wood on his estate. Then he turned round.to go home. As he did so he heard a noise as of someone in the wood. ! ' Halloa,' he called out, ' who's that ?' There was no answer, but he dis tinctly heard the sound of footsteps close behind him. He turned round. ' It's one of those confounded gipsies that have been about here the last day or two,' he thought to himself. He remembered that a few days before a farmer had been waylaid and robbed not a hundred yards from this very spot. At that moment a tall figure rose up suddenly before him. With the instinct of self-preservation, Sir Arthur raised his stick. He thought the figure raised an arm at the same instant, and assumed a threatening attitude. Without a moment's hesitation Sir Arthur brought his stick down on his aggressor's head. Instantly thc figure had vanished. 'Confound the fellow,' he said to him self; I must have given him a tremen dous whack; I hope it was somebody who deserved it.' Then he went back home. I'd better not say anything about this to Fisk,' he thought ; ' he'll tell the women servants and they'll dream of burglars vnd murderers, and all give notice. I expect it was a tramp or a gipsy. If he was going for me he's had a lesson, at any rate, and if he wasn't he ought lo have answered when I chal lenged him.' When Sir Arthur reached home Fisk was waiting for him in thc hall. 1 Lor', sir,' said Fisk, as he took the stick from his master, ' why, whatever is this? He held up his hand and there was a bloodstain on it * Oh, ah, yes,' replied his master. * I -er-a big dog flew at me and I hit it on the head.' 'Did you, sir? Why, look, the blood has spurted right up on your cuff.' ' So it has. I must have fetched the poor beast an awful crack. Now go to bed, and mind you come to me for the advertisement in the morning. I'l have is ready for you." . Very good, sir. Oh ! by4he-bye, sir, if that gentleman who called three days ago while you were at Brighton should call to-morrow, is your address in London to be given him ?" 'Ohl' exclaimed Sir Arthur, 'I'd forgotten all about him. Didn't he say he'd come this evening? ' Yes, sir, we told him you wouldn't be home till this evening, and he said he'd call.' ' He wouldn't leave his name, you say ? 'No, sir.' 'Wonder who it can be. What was he like?' ' Well, sir, I did'nt see him. Jane saw him, and she says he was very much like you.' 'Like mel I don't know anybody like me. Well, he hasn't come, so perhaps its nothing particular. If he calls to-morrow the servants can give him my London address.' 'Yes, sir; good-night, sir.' When Fisk had retired, Sir Arthur looked at his cuff. ' Poor devil'!' he said. ' I'm afraid I did hutt him. Still, it's no good worry ing myself-it was his own fault.' Sir Arthur sat down at his writing table, and wrote out an advertisement for the Daily Telegraph, and then he had several pipes and read the last new detective novel, by the author of ' Shadowed by Three ;' and then he went to bed and dreamt that the whole of the Blaff of Scotland Yard were assembled in the wood on his estate, while the Chief Oom missioner, in the name of the Queen, presented him with a medal fordiscovering the murderer of somebody «ho was rather vague in his dream, being at one.time Fisk, at another time G.C., and at anothet time a gipsy tramp. And two days afterwards, immediately under the advertisement of G. C's anxious mother in the Daily Telegraph, appeared the following : 'If the tnotlur of G. C. will forward her address to J. L: Kelley's Library, Vip Street, she may hear vf something to her advantage.' 