SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to the 'Nw . Iork' IF'orld has been amusing himself by runmeaging among the epacimonsof nose inventiors stored in the Patent Office lat Washlington. Many; of themn are amusing, and Eome decidedly crazy. . Pil CTIC.ULE 3li11L. A R .EALETTIC COW. There are, perhaps (the writer tells us) two thousand toys in one division of the Patent Ofice, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented.by- a German, and :it consists !.of a >dolt baby`: sittihg on a pan, with a bottle filled"' with genuine ?milk.. on a- little table in front. of it. "A rubber tube -connects with tihe.glsi pipio which runs. into thle bttle, and, "gonur inuto tile -nou hof the child, rtms down behind and through the doll into.the pan. DBymeans of a syphon.i which comesn. out throenih-the doll's head, machinery is set to work hv.which the doll-begins to. suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much, the same order is the toy cow, wlhil. can .be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. Ttoinventortattes "that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has iin' adid tion.an iron' wire which connects withll: the jaws of the cow and. runs.back to this tank, so that she 'chews her- cud while being milked. . The illuminated*jut was gbanted a 'patent in 1884; It uI a cat of paste-board or tin for the purpose of frighteniing rats or mice. It is to be made in a .sitting posture, and it is `painted over with -phphosphoris, so that it shines in the dark like a'cat of fire. Another pat,.: equally funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is .workedb y clockwork and has a bellows intide it. which swells 'up its t?il-to the size of the mandest of Toms: If properly set it will emit a noise eqdal to the, wildest of midnight caterwaulers, and it hris in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it up,. place it on your roof, and -set' it howling. All the cats in the neighbhrurood jump for.it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. FORCING ?r?ST TO LAY EGooS. There is a patent machine here for forcing. hens to lay eggs, and there arem nunerous others for preventing them eating their owni eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' niests have five or six false egs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent heu?drops her egg oii a trap which lets it slide down into a' box beneath, whereupon the trap -springs back' and the. nest, is ready for a: second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that" of cow-tail :holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a :Yankee who has 'invented an adjustable false tail for horses. ' ASJUrALE puLPITS. "The lover's gate consists of a gate which will awing both ways, -and which can= be lowered and raised" to suit: the size of 'the lovers. On th'e same rinciple?is:the sadjust- able pulpit, which will fii all" kinds of preachers.' 'The pulpit r-ind up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. BEAUTITUL OSES. " The patents to make women beautifeil- are numerous. The nose-improver is one of the most curious of these patents". It has made, it is said, a forturie for its' inventor, a'nd' it consists of a metal shell'formed of two parts,' Which are connected by a hinge. -'The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its' work at night. The patent states that: 'the: nose should be first 'well : bathed in '-warm ' water- 'and then 'greased 'with ' olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. 'After -this the inm prover is to be attached, and the person using, it.is to go to bed and sleep until morning.; At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you buya different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. S ARTIFIIALG OGO?us. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a :hseet of lightning. There are-lnminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to soaro away grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one' coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos eible to move it except ty a derrick. 