?li? lor ten PBTMBHED DjLitT. S£TUHX>AT, KE£RXIAUT 22, 1650. The apathy shown by tnembers oJ tlie Towers fastoral, Agricultural, and Mining Association, in failing to attend at their anneal general meeting, is ce»tainly the reverse of creditable to them, and shows that they either take very little interest in the manner in which the affairs of the Society are conducted, or else that they arc no sa^Growith the manner in which the committee and office-bearers have done their work during the pastyear that they do not think it necessary to meet and elcct itbeis In their places. Jlr. Wusok has already made two attempts to get a meeting together, bntfailed on both occasions, owing to there not being' sufficient members present to form a qnonim, although the number necessary iS iOnly seven. .Another attempt will be made onTnesdaynext, 4 o'clock in the afternobn. being the time fixed instead . of 8 d'elpct in the eveninjg'. It is tobe' hoped'.$&» fcibisin the honrj will have the e&ecbvt; caosing a suffij rie^:^ to jxansac ' the annual bnsinPBS-'wbich is necessary under the rales of the Association, namely, the election of a pr«sidentand two v iee-presid ente, auditors and com mitt- e men, and the adoption of the re port and balance sheet. There are, we believe^ nearly a hundred members on the books, many of whom reside either in Charters Toweig or inclose proximity to town. It therefore seems absurd that there should be any difficulty in getting seven of them together, to tran sact business of imperative impor tance to the future well-being of the Society, which is one of the most important existing in tbe North of Queensland. While on this subject it mast be admitted that the efforts of the Committee, during the past year, were crowned with an amount of success that was in every way credit able. Owing to the bad season in 1888 110 show was held as it was considered that owing to the dry state of the country, settlers would not have a sufficient quantity of stock in showable condition, while those who devoted their attention to agriculture would be in a similar condition. The drought, however, having broken up, it was decided to hold a show in August last, and the result was in every way satis factory, both as regarded the quality of the exhibits, in the various classes, and the pecuniary results, this result being that on the 3lst December the balance- sheet showed that, in cluding land, and improvements, the Society was £1205 18s 3d to the god. TTnder these circumstances, and bearing in mind the splendid wet season we are now having in North Queensland, a still better exhibition may be looked forward to this year, and it is therefore all the more necessary that" the annual meeting should be held without further delay," so that office-bearers and com mitteemen may be appointed, and every-1 thing got into proper trim for carrying! on the Society's operations in snch a I manner as to ensure a successful show. \ One matter that will have to be dealt' with without^eiav is the repairing of the yards Jimi Jheds at the Show! Grounds, soSne ofjvhieh are in a delapi-1 dated conditajpn through the ravages of those pests, of lie North, the white | ants. The out-going committee suggests that the whole of the yards be re novated and re-arranged, and that a large parade ring be made for the exhibition of horses and stud cattle. In order to caccyCout these recom mendations, the wiBdbin of which will be admitted by all whd have the future well-being of the Society at heart, time will be required, las neither stock yards nor sheds can be erected like Alladin's Palace, in ja singie:nigbt,and that is another reason why the sub scribers should- meet without delay. ; We hope, therefore, to see a good ? musterof members at Mr Wilsqn'(3 office, j ; and that the office-bearers who will be. then elected wittgoto work practically ^ and put the grounds in a condition of efficiencybefore the next show is held. The Association has had; a successful past, and all we wish it Is' a still more prosperous future. " FEOERAIIOS is in the air," wrote every newspaper editor from the Aus tralian Dan to the Australian Beer-' sheba, when tbe Federal Conference was first announced. tl Federation yet remains there " they might with equal truth indite now that the labors of that Conference have been brought to a conclusion. Like the form of solem nization of matrimony, inasmuch as it commenced with an embiacive term of endearment to all present, the Con ference, unlike that ceremony, termi nated, with every member of it seemingly afraid that any tan gible result had not been given birth to. [Nothing less was to be expected. The Conference commenced at the wrong end. It was summoned together to assist at the birth of a United Australia, and it started with a funereal feed, as much out of place as would be an elaborate "wake"; over a still-born child. From first to last the whole debate has been a game! of " brag," in which every delegate has! been attempting to force the hand 0f j his fellow-player, and those who held I the weakest hands crowed the loudest. Sle HEKEY PABKES, as the great figure head of the movement, spoke almost the first at the preliminary banquet, and almost Isist at the Conference. Framing his motion with the view to placate the Federal ? Council, which fpom motives of offended vanity . he* has always opposed, he, in replying to the debate on that motion^- so far forgot himself as to directly re pudiate that well- deserved flattery and accuse the Council of utter uselessness. That tbe motion was carried amidst cheers from the delegates and the auditors count for nothing, because the motion itself was worthless and impo tent. And, unfortunately, It may tan-ly be said of the whole of the debate, that it was thoroughly^ worthy of the motion debated, insipid, point less, opening no new ground, and chiefly conspicuous for its evident insin cerity. Had it been sincere, many Qf i the sentiments given expression to would have been noble; but even | sentiment itself was sneered at - as heing out of place. And when the delegates ignored sentiment and dealt with fact®, there was moregreed than patriotism in their. arguments, the 1 interests of the Free Trade monopolists being given unholy prominence, and both arguments and motion have left Federation very much where it was before either was brought to bear upon it. The only practical outcome that could have been arrived at by *the motions submitted for debate was that embodied in Mr. Deakik'S moj^n^Jfchafc the question of a federal defence he at once - entered into by the existing.. Federal Council, pending the appointment of the ddigates to the . proposed Federal Cnnwaitinp . Owing to ihe jealousy of ISWiSoutti Wales, that proposal has been shunted on to a siding that rnns howhd?e, arid; J only towards that nndefined destina- ; tion Jm*. ' Had that j * v00^0^ fost; step l! towards Federation wonld have bcen»j takea;"Jpr, Inside. -. ofsffat11 united Jsystem of Anst^almri defeuce |i that of a united tariff smlce into com.- ; ' parative insignificance. There is,, however, a chance that some good' may result from the Federal Con vention which it has been de-; ' cided to ask the various Legis latures of the colonies to sanction, and send representatives to; for the labors of that Convention will have to be submitted to the several Parlia ments, and by the Parliaments to tbe people. As pointed out by SIR John SaUj, the New Zealand delegate to tbe Conference, "it would not be wise for those Convention delegates to be appointed without having full know ledge of the wishes and aspirations of tbe people they wonld represent." We bope that at no distant date a, united Australia may have tbe high destiny of forming, not part of an effete empire, bnt the whole of a com plete, sturdy, and progressive republic, snch as the world has never yet seen. Conferences and conventions may as semble and dissemble, but not until they affirm each a sentiment as ibis can tbey claim to have given effect to the desires of the Yonng Australian party- the party who, after all, will | have to take the matter in band and I settle it to their own satisfaction. ATTENTION is called to Hie auction sales to be held to-day by Messrs. E. Bussell, Ackers, 'Wilson. Atton, and fiynn, and W. J. AUom. Mr. GtAESET, W.Ti A for Bundatnba, mil address a public meeting in the School of Arte on Monday evening. The chair will be fa,!TT at 8 o'clock by His Worship the Mayor. A Towkbthib man aroused hie wife from a i sound sleep the other night, saying that he had seen a ghost in the shape of a donkey. "Oh! let me sleep," tbe irate dame replied, " ^ dont be frightened at your own shadow." At the Police Court yesterday morning, before tbe Police Magistrate, diaries Nichol son, for making use of obscene language and assaulting one Win. Isaac, was for the first offence fined £3 or a month's hard Iebor, and for the second was ordered to pay £B or go to gaol for two months. The assault wag an agravated one, and quite unprovoked, de fendant having beaten Isaac about tbe head in a most brutal manner. The same prisoner smashed several windows at Dittman's hotel on Thursday evening, but was not proceeded against on that charge. DISGUISE the fact from ourselves as best we can, we are all, at heart, aristocratic. Profess ing republicanism, talking equality, and even voting honestly, makes ub none the less aristo cratic in sentiment, however much we may belie it in action. The social conditions which surround us give birth to this feeling Ifc js natural in man to hold linnarif in some aense - exclusive or superior to others. We do not complain of ibis feeling, as from it spiing our noblest qualita.es. So long as we are permitted to indulge in the luxury of aristocracy, with no special or exclusive class in our midst to cany: off fchehonors, noharmcan oomeof it It Is onlywhenthe sentiment of aristocracy In the individual becomes offensive that we deride it. -Texas Sijlitu/s. In consequence of tbe heavy rains of Thurs day night and yesterday morning the Burdekin rose rapidly yesterday, and was stall rising at 6 o clock. At the waterworks there was * depth of 21ft of water, which would make, the nver about 7ffc over l3ifi Tailway bridge. It is likely that tbe rirer rose hmchjbigher during last' uight, as ithe Clarke JUver^whicli is an impor tant fcribatojy of the BnnJekin, was a banker yesterday morning, and tbe water from that nver would take about 18 boras to reach the bridge. Another smart shower fell about 6 o'clock yesterday evening, but tbe ground is thoroughly soaked now, and the water runs off reiy rapidly. The road to the Waterworks isj in fair condition, and the rireiyeven inifapre-^ sent flooded state, is worth tbe ta-ouble of goine to see. Perhaps the rxilwayoffieiile may run a lew specials down to-day and to-morrow to Macrossan Bridge. We one fiurethey would be well patronised, hut it is scanty probkble that tbey will do so, as our railway, lifa the Defence Force and all other departments, is managed ^rom Brisbane. A MEMO from the Telegraph Office informed us last night that at ? o'clock (be mter was " eight feet over Macrossan Badge and ^ fast." At tbe zaOwsy station we learnt, at 10 p.m., that the water was 8ft Gin over the nils and no indication of a fall. The up toTT from Townsville did not. arrive yesterday as tbey were unable to cross ibe bridge, which remindsus that there was no telegraphic news in tbe Herald yesterday afternoon; the Bulletin not having arrived, they were unafcle to "oris" from it, and it would loot rather too bare faced to appropriate tbe Uokthbeit Mtnbb wires. The Hughenden. trains ran very ir regularly yesterday; the train doe at 12 55 §m ^ °ot arore until 717p.m., and that due at 3 20 p JO. ? did not arrive nntil 7.63 « m the obstruction bang caused by the floods at tbe 103 Mile (Southern Cross.) Tim regular mail and passenger train irom here got over the bridge before the river rose yesterday morning, and went as far as tbe Junction, where it was met by the np.mail train, and a special train wasdespatehed from tbe Junctirn toTownsville with mails and TmssAnpcp, cSk^C^fcfte TllC Torhne (7.50 tun.) It is probable that the ordinary morning down train will be cancelled, "r,l»Pf; i the river falls, which is unlikely, as the i weather looked rather uneettled at midnight i tost n^hlfc. Before going to pnesg, we werem formed that the water was 9 feet over Ibe rails |«anby t^nm that heavy i«ainbaf"&^n in theSouthern districts, causing severe flnodR in bojbb places. 'Thb attendance of ibe public at4be last.night waslyeiy stf i^ctorjr.; B ^ ««»-! bably, owing to the facte of the night being promisngly fine, and the good biSPfor .Called Back " has nothing id ite fc,i connedi it with the inra'^wi^ gp depicted in the stoiy beating thrt^tiHe, bv ffiigfc Conway j hut the Criterion Dramatic Company made as much of it as conld possibly be made even by a company of greater cote. 3>r. Ceneri was the most failb&Sy; rondeW character of. the. diaina, «»»a bis porbayal of l3»e la^t moment of ihiat gMHemmjras feflm*- mtuak able exhibifaon of th e JK^'e power. BiB Bplendid vendmng or lihle aecnet in «omiectioKi ynih the anrafflpoF tAitifrmy Mtoech mitral cellent. also Ms anguish ln tbe Bentenoe ^^3he name of the man muidered an that fetal nidit was P«ai^alprth«r«: tonjuuOt,. «^ee ?with hie ^tecabon in the dnmatisaJion inthe ^ sentence, M^Banline's hrofher *' ehonld cer taiuly read"Anthony Miarch,^ but «s it was' nttcrod itisjjuotedabore*^otivietiitenttim Mr. Horton ectmcmfaMi & the part of Paolo ; Macan was decidedly arrong in our opinion. Tlie part was Vhorobglily well rendered, and the 30 ieamc J^peaifedljr liisBed, wliich was certandy Cattering, but tbe addiSsof tlie actor yaa too togical, and should have been del,TCrea *«th tlie coolness and ease of a court intrigue. Acconfling to the most pleasine ren(W? wejbavewen, Maeari kills ii,«,onr Mardi wilhthe coolness ofasportemim ehootinc siiownnnfalbe found Ins own life was «bont to betott&beA.; Shieti" M3A not till then tbei demon ^ ^miatea ,hate and passion* was chown^ Gilbert Vjaughan flfr. C. dV^ineon), was ohlymiafine^thcfmaios Installed intetfe l^art when 6Hhezt ^^qneetitmuigandieaMHne ! sons ability. 3?«ulim! «orild not have a better ' exponent ^than MiUie JilolIipr, her make-nn ; added to the natural beauty of that lady, jrfLg | eicerfinglyigood, aad li^ i^ng anjS intbm- < bon were <hronghont |)ieriect; ber patitos Sn j deiircty eestj&slhritl; jthrough one in «erfaiin j notably. "1 mil see him, I must find | him. ®he other fwrfs wnne wdl rendered, s . S,oe,c *««*cdlent ? ^The bouse m j Bbnoetftlt I,' 