DBVONPORT/-TOW.N. BOARDj ; - ; ' — """' 1,» I : !, Tho onliiidfy inoulin)f,jqf ! tlie J nbo.di .himi'.l was liolil at;tllo uiiiiiu iiri ;Tii':a lay . 'aflvnuuin;' Fros-'iii : .Mltsai's W. Aikuii- lioiiil .(chairman) D. Cooker, IL..W,tnspndiv II. T. Smith,' A, Gilonliv, W. Mnlymui, T.' tqOaild.fnnfl (Jlifijt llojify. ,'j r Tho'Uliiiirmaii sliitail 'lhiii,'nwiii>r to 'llio wnlor- conference, .Jiu, hail nut yet , la kali , any slops tn ouH tliu pnhlic meeting; with, rujjnril to the l'nst ami Tol'.oriiph Ollim'S at West Dovonpnrl. — It was ugivoii tlmt tho nn'olim; lie aalloii for Fri.loy ovuiiing;. ill the Furinhv Hail.. .Messrs T. F. Boale, W. Chapman, and others wrote, complaining of tho ilam iko linniiAn.lho 'fniiiiilutinus ill l'urkur si root l.y llolaT waters.— Bufora'd to the Streets Cnnimitteo. 1 . 1 1 1 n Mnllnnoy wrote, asking for a pro gress payment on his contract at East Dovonport. — It wus liooiiloii to allow tho mutter to stum) over for a fortnight. A petition ; was prosontofi, signed by- nnmoroits ratepayers of Stewart stroot, West Dt von port, calling uttniition to tho state of Stowart atreot at tho uppor end. Largo quantities of oartli had boon tnkon away, and carting operations wore making Iliu slroot impassable, and not. a penny of Ihu ratuspaid liv ihn p 'lilinn..rs liatl I. e'en uxjiuiuluil nil tho'steuut.— liufuMl to- iliu Streets Cniinni, lee.- _ .Air, .Builoy. wrote, asking . for, payinoiil for' his contract, whi'Mi was eoiilidelud .— As tiio letter laid not boon handed in until tlio hoard met, it was ordered 10 stuiul over- for a fortnight. , , , , Extension' of time was gran'cd to ihu Streets CommiUeo.ln furnish their rep trl on tliu propnsud windmill, and tlio Avesj Davunpiirt seliouip for uxpondiiig ,£400, as proposed, nn rinds, &e.; . »» a./ « 'Hie Stieuts Cniiiinitliii! ropnrled (lint six- kiun applications hid boon receive.! for. the p.-dtiqii of workiiig'ovursuer fnr.lhu hoard. . A tier perusing tho applications, they had reduced tliu number down in three, and re commended thKtlKthu'thf.filiOilfiim ofj Bi Layenel; bunccoptod, at. £2 15- pur weok. Air Lnycnek hint since ivrilteii, nll'ering to do the wnrk for £'2 10s per week.— Tlio board res. died lint to entertain tlio Inst letter.— -Tin' hoard (lien considered the following; applications .1; (J. 0',l!rjon,<Ji2: 10s B." Cayeeelc", £2 f5s ; J. Gillaiii'lTi' 5s ; and tha recoiunivn laiinns of tliu applicants woro read. — Air Cuckor moved that Liycoek's application lie occupied, anlsaid Air Simmons had rocoiiiiiiuu.loil. liim as a tlinroiiglily enmpulont man.— Air. Winspeiir secnndoii. — Soveral ; members rogro'tod tlie aetinn nf Layout-k ill Vending a second application, it appearing as if the amount id)tlie, oilier salaries sent in li-id Ii uii 'disrlesuil.— .Mr -Hunrv "«ski) l the Streets Ceiiiinitlen if. they iutd .disclosed Iliu aiiioiiiits, lint the ni.'inliorsumphatieiillv denied lliat tlm dis.'h.snru _emanatv.l frniii them, and lliuvTiiwiUCIerit'als .Nluniedilis- ' closing ilio iiinniints.— -Laycoelt's aiipiica- tiiitiNvas iilliiniituly 'iieee|itud,'niid rit' tviis duei.lud.Mihlhu iiii.tion of 'Mr iinK'nnin, ssenlidiid iiy Air Cmvlcp tlmt, us Lnyuoek li nl sent in a soeiind upplii-alioirat 2-2;f0s, tliut am. flint ho lixu;l irs his salary. "An iiucnuhtjiif £4'3s 4lj tnivn cleric's salary, .was passed for. puym -lit/ Tlie Clmirnian rejairtudj tliat.'.lis;' i.no -oft Ilia' delegates upp'nmiiid u( V reeqi'it moating tn' a emifu'ruheb hti ' it', wilier scheme, tliuy met pmieiuall . , Lilt there was .not , a ghost . of iinathnr. ilelogato .pr.snnt. until nearly, l'T, all . I, V 'iiTVi-r. di.-i- :: us-in a, the ennferoiieu was .,.' fl'uitluss. Atter all, it did iint'-fniiiitur- whiilher utli'er townships .ineil or iiui, as Ihu h'uar'd '' was eapaldo nt laking up a's.-h iiiu' iin I work- :ing it thpinsulres,, In, time Io.liiiiio the rat s wnulil naturallv be irreat'v aue- niuiiled liv lucrensi.ig. pjpulaliuii,. und lie thought th it, after all; dliuy- 'could - curry unit aisclii-mu ..fcaJily. f'; lliitvuv'cr,'/ us' .tiitiL , wasqvissingelt.wasiiiueess ir.v tu. tuko. steps; at sine.-, as I'l'irliiininiit \\\'a- in s.ursiim, ami a Wulnr.Trust Bill would ha vo tn ho passisi, I., enalilo them to. obtain tha money. 'Air. Hedgsnn laid said, .'Uiphuticajlv,"whutl'ier( llm other towns . jnii'iud or ji'Ilj gli'st." tliuy" sin. el l- jnl..|U- tlpi F.irtji .sehuiue, as jit wnu ij iq 1 1 lo' end giy.i? satisfiiotiun. tij fill , i'onvvrnod., He" su hm it tuijl list j tli l.fiaFI nughl lo he gunled by wh s't. Air ll.i Igsiiii had ropmoil. . The cost ; of I lie' Forth scheme: iippuarud si. mcwhur hull virr'i Imif the Alursov, toil h . I.ohovud lhav; wh'gli'' all' was 'said an I -iloni',' llniigii' wi'iiihl::'l).i ruversu.l, ami I lie I- orili scheme would Tu I iu vheapesl . Thu nsxt! s'uiijcdi;lfiir 'ciili- si-leralinn was a water rate. .'I'll', engineer, had, in his report given a very rlilf-ral ex-' pemliturc, sml lie believed llle e'est of the works would- isj'-less than sla'e I , A 2s rate would' l.O f. .nn.l sullieiotit, and - tint -rate would kior lie looked upon as a burden by the inhabitants. The . residents of St Li-onafdsbad clieerfully paid a rnto of 2- til ill tliu £, allliiiiigli there were some live livurs close to that town. At Luiitieus.iiti tliu ratu was Is 5.1, but against tliut tlio rents for houses in Devonpoi t were eon- Kiileruhly lower, as a eoltago tliut was valued at £20 in . tliu latter place, wool I ho assessed at £30 in Luiincesloii. 1'liuv should go to l'ariiiim "lit for borrowing powers lo obtain i. sum of £20,090. — Air Ifuiiry tlinuglit tlicy 'need not decide tin' tlio source then, hot ibsy shoiild go to l'urliament for tlio loan. He ugro.-d witli Ilio cliuiriuan, that there was no doubt residents would: not object to a 2s- rate. Ho believed I bat tlio lirst t.nvn on , tix.- Nortli-Wost Coast tliut bail a water supply would lie the most popular seaside ruaort. Ho wimbl- adviso tlio hoard not, nt tlmt stage, to adopt any one scheme. He niovod tliut tlio chairman writo to Hob.u t, and obtain from 'Parliament increased borrowing . powers fur £20,000, for a supply of water for tho town; — Air Ciitvlo seoon lod the motion, which was carried unanimously. It wus generally . unilursteo I that, before lendurs are invite! for tliu! work, public- meetings would ho bull! ut East und West Dovonport, and tbo mutter laid fnllv before the ratepayers, It was agreed that tlio. working nvorsnor commune.: his duties iiiiiiiudiituly,aiid tlie meeting turiuiimto.l. 