Recipes POOB WAN'S GINGER SNAPS. Molasses, one cap; butter, two tablespoon-! fuls; ginger, one tablespoonful; soda, one tablespoonfnl; flour enough to roll out thin, 1 Boil the treacle and etir in the butter, ! ginger and eoda rolled fine, and stir in the flour while hot; roll thin, cut and bake. BKOPPED BISCUIT. E'en housewives the most thrifty unawares At times are taken, when the varied cares Of life upon their sonls as heavy sit As did the ghosts on Eionard's. Then most fit For all who oare their troubled state to cbcer, And change to jocund smiles the starting tear. A stranger unexpectedly insy come When literally there is not a crumb Prepared to eat. Then it is well to know A recipe like this I give below. Take one pint floor, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking-powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the flour. And then you take A teaspoonful besides of lard. And make Four dough, with milk administered, to be Of mush (good mush), the same consistency, Then drop (small quantities) into the pan, And have your oven just the heat (you can) To make the biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do < And you will say, I know, " Oar thanks to you." DMED AFILE DCIIPLINGS. One pint of dried apples, cut, one-half pint of sweet milk, two teaspoonfuls of baking powder and one tablespuonful of batter or lard. Use flour sufficient to make into small "biscuits, and drop into boiling water and boil quiokly till the apples are done. Cut the apples into small bits with scissors, and soak in warm water before making. Ear with cream sauce flaveied with nutmeg. CHICKEH PIE. Single and patboil a pair of chickens, out them up and cook till quite tender. Uncover when nearly done and let the watjr boil away till reduced one-half. Line a large, deep pan with biscuit dough made very short and rolled about an inch thick, and pnt in the chicken out into finer pieces, with butter, salt, peppc-r, a dredging of flour, aud their own gravy. Cover and bake till the upper crust is brown. Serve with mashed potato. iaisn STEW. . Cut two pounds of the neck of mutton into small pieces, put it into a kettle with one onion sliced and a bunch of pot herbs nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add two tablespoonfiils of rice, simmer ten minntes, add two potatoes cut into dice, and wbile they are cooking ten minuteB | longer, make yourdnmpliogs. Put a pint of j flour into a bowl, add a teaspoonful of salt and a heaping teaepoonful of baking powder, moisten this with about a gill of milk ; the dough must be soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of the stew, cover the kettle, boil ten minutes, season and serve. LIGHT DOUGH DUHPLIXG8. Make very light bread-dough into small bails the size of eggs. Have ready a pot of water, boiling fast. Drop in the dumplings, take care to have the water more than cover them. Cover the pot and boil for twenty minutes steadily, without lifting the cover. If it stops boiling for a moment, the dumplines will be heavy. Serve hot with butter | sugar for dessert. 