THE CORNISH ASSOCIATION. THE INAUGURAL BANQUET. AN ENTHUSIASTIC GATHERING. The idea of forming a Cornish Association, which was mentioned in our columns a few days since, has been warmly taken up and the inaugural banquet which it was decided to hold on Friday evening in the banqueting room of the Town Hall was a pronounced success. The hall was crowded; indeed, so huge was the attendance that it was found neces- sary to erect overflow tables in the main hall. The only decoration in the room, and therefore all the more noticeable, was the Cornish coat of arms surmounted by the title of the association, " The Cornish Association," underneath being the motto, "One and all." The president of the association, his Excellency the acting Governor (Mr. Justice Boncaut),occu- pied tbe chair, being supported on his right by Sir Henry Ayers (President of the Legislative Council) and on his left by Sir J. C. Bray (Speaker of the House of Assembly). Sitting at the same table were the Premier (the Hon. Dr. Cockburn), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon), the vice -presidents (Mr. J. L. Bonython and W. B. Rousevell, M.P.), also the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M L. C., Messrs, T. Scherk, M.P., and L. Grayson, M.P., the Revs. G. E. Rowe and J. R. Glasson. A sumptuos repast having been done jus- tice to. His Excellence proposed the toasts of "The Queen" and " His Royal Highness tbe Duke of Cornwall," which were drunk with enthu- siasm. The Rev. J. Reed Glasson then submitted the toast of " The Acting Governor." He said he was sure they would all join heartily in dunking this toast. He had heard it remarked that the words South Australian and Cornish- men were synonymous terms, and certainly when be looked around he fancied himself at home once again, surrounded as he was by men who were an honor to the splendid land and the ancestry from which they had sprang, (Cheers.) High as was his opinion gf the abilities of Cornishmen he was surprised that they had got together to many able men to serve on their committee. (Hear, hear) They had repre- sentatives of the universities and of the bar; they had M.P.'s and M.LO.'s. These gentle- men not only lent their titles to add lustre to their gathering that evening, but their names as well. (Cheers.) But if there was anything needed to lend lustre to their festivities it was the fact that they had not only an esteemed fellow-Cornishman in the chair, but that he was the president of their infant society as well. (Cheers.) His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut was a gentleman who by his acts had lent great lustre to the colony of South Australia. (Cheers.) He was one of the ablest statesmen the young colony had ever had—(hear, hear)—and he was certainly one of the ablest lawyers that South Australia had ever possessed. (Cheers) He occupied to-day the very high and honorable position of being one of her Majesty's judges, and he had always upheld the dignity and judicial impar- tiality which was characteristic of the English Bench. (Cheers) And now he was acting Governor, and if his Excellency would permit him to say so, he had received his crowning honor, namely that of the Presidency of the Cornish Association. (Continued cheers.) He asked them to drink the health of their cstecmtd fellow • Cor&iahman; Mr. Justice Boucaut, whom he wm sure they were all proud to see filling the position of their president that day. (Cheers) The toast was drunk with cheers, and His Excellency in replying, said :- Brother Cornishmen—l am deeply grateful to you for the very kind sympathy which you have ex- tended to me, and also to the mover of the toast for the very flattering sentiments in which he has proposed my health. Gentlemen, if I had had my own way, apart from what I believe to be my sense of duty, I would have stood by the custom which I have always observed since I have been on the bench. I would rather that some other Cornishman had presided tonight—my dear old friend, Mr. Rounsevell, for instance, one of our leading politicians, or my old and much respited friend, Mr. Bonython, the head of one of our oldest Cornish families. (Cheers) But both these friends of mine told me that they thought—and many of yon also honored me by thinking—that it was my duty to pre- side tonight; and as we Cornishmen, one and all, invariably endeavor to do one duty— (cheers)—I felt justified in submitting to the pressure and coming among you as your presi- dent. (Cheers.) I have very little to say farther on that subject. Gentlemen, I know the honorable post I am filling to night is due to an accident, and I only regret his Excel- lency Lord Kintore is not here. He is, how- ever, enjoying his holiday in New Zealand, but I hope he will soon be again amongst us. I am sure if he had been in the colony he would have been pleased to be present tonight. Gentlemen, I deeply thank you. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Cleave proposed "The Ministry." In making them to drink that toast, whatever they might think of the Ministry individually or collectively, he trusted that as Cornishmen they would give them credit for the good they had done. (Hear, hear.) Now whatever Ministry might be in power, if they had not a fair and honest Opposition the affairs of the country were bound to suffer. In the Hon. Thos. Playford they had a gentleman who always struck fairly above the belt — (A voice — "With his foot;" and laughter) - and if those who were associated with him had followed their leader he maintained that the Ministry would have carried measures which they introduced, and which would have been a benefit to the country, and the session would not have been as barren a one as it turned out (Hear, hear.) He was afraid that the passing of the Payment of Members Bill was a matter for regret (No.) Well, if they were to judge from the scrambling which was taking place for seats in Parliament he thought they must confess that there was something more animating the candidates than the mere desire of doing good for their country, (A voice—"This is not a political meeting.") Tbe Ministry would have carried some useful measure during the past session but for the determined and imprudent opposition shown them, and on certain questions they had not received fair play. (Hear, hear.) He trusted this would not occur in the future, but that there would be a majority to assist in the carrying of measures having for their object the advancement of the colony. (Cheers.) The Premier (Hon. Dr. Cockburn), who was warmly received, in replying, said he thanked them heartily for the manner in which they had honored the toast. He also thanked Mr. Clive for the kind things he had said regarding the Ministry, but be could not go with him on one point wherein he condemned the personal attack of the Opposition. Personal attacks of an unfair character never hurt any one yet and he had to thank those who had made personal attacks on the Ministry for the strength they had afforded it. Several attacks, he repeated, never hurt a Ministry, but when opponents came forward with better proposals regarding the government of a country then was the time to look out (Hear, hear.) Dr. Cockburn then congratulated our Cornish fellow colonists on the forming of an associa- tion, and, making an historical reference to Cornubia's past said it was in Cornwall that such determined efforts were put forth against the attack of subjugating Rome that caused their defence to be spoken of even till this day. It was the stock of those hardy Celts who were now assisting in building up this Greater Britain of the south. Where, he asked, would South Australia, for instance, have been if it had not been for the Cornish- men? (Cheers.) What had saved our colony time and again? Why the mining in dustry. And who carried that industry on? Why the Cornishmen of course. (Cheers.) He felt that the mining industry would be the great factor of our success in time to come, and he said—"Show me a mine in South Australia, or indeed all the world over where you will not find a Cornishman at the pit's mouth? (Cheers.) He thanked them once more for the kind way in which they had received the toast (Cheers; whilst a number of those present sang—"For he's a jolly good fellow.") Mr. J. Provis proposed " The Parliament." He was proud to think that the gentleman who had honored them by accepting the office of their president had done so much for the colony when he filled a position in our Parlia- ment (Hear, hear.) He was also glad to think that Cornishmen had played so important a part in the forming of these great southern lands, which he felt sure would before soon be welded together in one powerful confederacy. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M G. (President of the Legislative Council) returned thanks on behalf of the legislative Council, and trusted that to all time the members of it would act so as to merit the confidence of the public (Hear, hear.) Whether a Parliament was good or bad depended upon the electors, since they had the selection of its members. Apparently during the coming elections there would be no lack of candidates, and the electors would consequently require to exercise greater dis- cretion in making their selection. They must take care not to pass over the services of their old and valued members. Referring to the Cornish Association he said he was not aware for what purpose they were associated, but as he knew that whatever Cornishmen were associated for they invariably performed, he had no doubts whatever that they would be successful in their aims. (Hear, hear.) He had during a great portion of his life been connected with Cornish men, and whether as miners, agriculturalists, or as artisans generally they had made a record which was not likely to be excelled. He wished the association every success. (Cheers.) Sir J. C. Bray acknowledged the toast on behalf of the House of Assembly. Though payment of members did much to multiply the number ot candidates for Par- liament, he hoped it would not be abolished. (Cheers) He trusted that the electors would recognise the service of the old members. The Assembly spared neither time nor trouble in arriving at what they con- sidered to be for the best interests of South Australia, and it was oftentimes to the interest of the colony that members of Parliament differed on important questions which seemed easy of solution to many out- siders. (Cheers.) People were asking why the Cornish Association was established? He understood the main objects to be the promo- tion of good feeling in regard to the old home in Cornwall—(cheers)—and he felt satisfied that the president and those associated with him would, while bearing the memories of the old home in Cornwall, not forget their new home in Australia. (Prolonged cheers.) Mr. J. L. Bonython, who was received with applause, proposed " The old home." He said these words ought to kindle the enthusiasm of Cornishmen. They referred to the part of England where their forefathers lived, away back into the far distant past, and of which they were so justly proud. (Cheers.) In the opinion of Cornishmen there was one county which stood distinctly in the forefront of English counties, and that, of course, was Cornwall (Hear, hear.) Cut off from the rest of England it was no wonder it had charac- teristics which wen peculiarly its own. With the Atlantic Ocean on one side and the British Channel on the other Cornwall was a peninsula possessing a charm which attached to no other put of England except it might be a portion of Devonshire, and that county as they were aware was once a part of Cornwall. It had a coastline unsurpassed anywhere a coastline which presented an almost endless panorama of scenery, grand in its sublimity or delightful in its picturesqueness—effects which art ad- mired but failed adequately to transfer to canvas. (Cheers.) It was a land of contrasts and surprises. In some parts it was wonderful for its fertility; in others extraordinary for its barrenness. It was apparent that physical surroundings had played no unimportant part in moulding Cornish character. Almost every part of the county was within sound of the never-resting sea. And it was not surprising that in the murmur or roar of the ooean there had been a message telling Cornishmen, as it told the Phoenicians of old, that their mission was not confined to the tract of country in which they lived, but that it was limited only by the extent of the world. (Loud cheers.) This reference to the Phonecians reminded him that Cornwall was known to them, and it was even said that Cornishmen supplied them with the material out of which they made their god. (Laughter.) Whatever might be the truth of that tradition there was no doubt that the Phoenicians kept up constant communication with Cornwall, and it was more than possible that Phoenician blood flowed to day in Cornish veins. (Cheers) Against such very modern people as the Romans, the foreigners of the horn-shaped land—for as such the Cornishmeu were known—were able to hold their own. (Cheers.) The same might be laid as regarded the Saxons—indeed there were those who, upon this fact, maintained that the Anglican Church was not an offshoot of the Church of Rome, Be that as it might this was certain, that Cornwall continued Christian when the Saxons carried Englend back again to paganism. (Cheers.) The Norman duke parcelled out the land in the county amongst his friends, but the Normans made no great impression. Since then, however, Cornwall had become more dis- tinctly a part of England, and the county's history had been that of the country. What a long list of glorious names—of ecclesiastics, statesmen, warriors, lawyers, authors, and artists—Cornwall had contributed to the honor roll of England ! (Cheers.) As members of the Adelaide Cornish Association they were all proud to know that Cornwall included in its record of illustrious names the name of the acting- Governor of South Australia, (Continued cheers.) There were people who boasted of a great and glorious future. Cornish men could boast of a great and glorious past, and depend upon it, it was the past which moulded the future. (Cheers ) But Cornwall was not merely a land of facts. It as a land of romance—romance which had so blended itself with the truth that they were inseparable, and had had perhaps equal inflection on the national life. (Cheers.) Did they not know that the Land's End district was anciently the chosen land of the giants—above all other their favorite abode? The Bible told them that there were giants in those days, and the giants of Cornwall, judging by what they had left them, were giants to be proud of. (Laughter, and cheers.) They ware men who Would have taken Achillies by the hair and bent his neck, Or with a finger stayed Ixton's wheel. (Cheers) Then there wm the elfin creed of Cornwall—a perfectly fascinating subject. If a traveller lost his way he immediately con- cluded that he was piskie or fairy led. (Laughter.) But be must not go on; if he did he would have to refer to mermaids and ghosts. (Cheers.) They wen everywhere, and if the board schools had to a large extent abolished them, had the board schools been an unmixed good! (Laughter and No.) But who did not know that Between Land's End and Scilly rocks Sunk lies a town that ocean mocks. Much more than that. This was the famous Lyonesse country: and the Lyonesse country suggested King Arthur and his noble deeds. (Cheers.) At Tintagel Arthur was born and at Camelford he was mortally wounded. What Cornishman could think of Tintagel without having his imagination excited and his enthusiasm fired. (Cheers) Was not this the meeting place of The goodliest fellowship of famous knights Whereof this world holds record; Was it not here that Every morning brought a noble chance. And every chance brought out a noble night ? (Loud cheers) These were the days of chivalry, and the great Cornishman was its best ex- ponent. No wonder men mourned his death, and said—he comes again. (Cheers.) Cornish men were content that King Arthur should be regarded as typical of the race. He was cer- tainly their ideal. (Cheers) It was Queen Elizabeth who said the Cornish gentlemen were all born courtiers with a becoming confi- dence. (Laughter.) This was substantially the statement which had been made by every writer on Cornwall since the days of the Romans. All had borne testimony to tha many excellent qualities which went to make up the Cornish character, and which gave to Cornishmen their individuality. (Cheers) It had been stated that their Celtic blood made them ardent and vivacious, and that their almost isolated position made them self reliant and versatile. To the Cornish- man there was no scene too distant from his home—no enterprise too difficult, provided there was a reasonable prospect at success and of sufficient reward. (Cheers.) Descended probably from the Phoenicians, like the Phonecians Cornishmen were everywhere; but, unlike the Phoenicians, not so much to push the commerce of the world as to develop its natural resources. (Cheers.) And what a work they had done. Their monuments were in every continent, and no people had done more to build up the British Empire than the people of Cornwall. (Loud cheers) They talked about hands across the sea uniting the various portions of the British Empire, and making federation possible, but whose hands were they but the hands of Cornishmen, who in their pride of race never forgot that they wen citizens of the British Empire. (Cheers.) To paraphrase a famous saying—Doubtless God might have trade a better county, but doubtless he never did. (Continued cheers.) His Excellency, who received an ovation on rising to respond, said they had been asked what were the aims of the association. ln addition to those already given they hoped that any who were sick or in distress would be relieved. (Cheers) Not only were Cornishment courtiers, but they were modest people. (Laughter) They lacked the obtrusiveness of the foreigners who lived east of the Tamar, And unlike a certain people to whom Anthony Trollope referred, were not given to blow. They had an ancient and a creditable history. When the foreigners east of the Tamar were clothing themselves with skins in winter and wood in summer the Cornish men were doing business with the Phoe- nicians through their tin. Their hereditary skill in mining bad been proved in many parts of the world, not excluding South Australia. (Hear, hear.) The enemy had said that Cornish captains had just as much skill in working the public as in working the mines. (Laughter.) That was a discreditable libel, but it was no disparagement of the Cornish intellect. Their modern history was honor- able. They resisted the Romans, but parts of the oonntry were nearly overrun by the hoards of Saxons. Nevertheless Cornishmen were still Cornishmen, Cornish names were still Cornish names, and the Cornish race was still the Cornish race, and by no means Sassenach. They maintained their own language. Until the seventeenth century sermons were de- livered in Cornish, and in the present century men who still lived had spoken to people who talked the Cornish language. They only aban- doned it, the prettiest of Armoric dialects, for vulgar tongue of the Sassenach so as better to get at them. (Laughter) Coming to still more modem times Cornishmen were more or less interested in the Portuguese embroglio, because in the twelfth century they helped the Portuguese against the Moors. They had main- tained their own laws in some respects and still had their Miners' Stannary Courts, and Mr. J. B. Neales introduced Cornish laws into South Australia in 1866. The Cornish laws were made at Truro in a Parliament at which the Stannators were represented. And if it hap- pened that the British Empire were broken into fragments, whioh God forfend—(loud cheers) — there was no part which had a better claim to a home Par- liament than Cornwall. Cornishmen had been twitted about their moors, but the heaths of the Cornish mors were the most beautiful in the world. There were no more beautiful valleys in the whole world. He had seen hydrangeas, myrtles, fuchsias, geraniums, and camellias growing most luxuriantly; certainly they never grow so large bey- yond the Tamar. (Cheers) Cornishmen had one disadvantage, they could not skate because there was no ice. But they made up for that by supplying the foreigner with the early fruits, and by getting his tin so benefited their pockets. He would not talk of their fisheries, their copper and tin industries, their porcelain clay, on their antiquities, the cromlechs, the mono- leiths, the circles, and other remains of primeval times far more interesting than any other in the island, nor of the pluck and endurance of the Saltash women, except to say that the crew of which Anne Glanville was stroke, and which he had seen, would, he believed, have beaten any crew of men even with a couple of men extra. (Cheers). He, however, boasted of the Cornish Piskies, far more loveable, gentle creatures than the fairies over the Tamar. Their ghosts were terrors (laughter) and he well remem- bered how numerons they were in a churchyard through which he had to pass with a bramble bush tied behind him, which he feared he would lose every moment, and so be carried off by the ghosts. (Laughter) The Cornish loved fair play. They did not kick in wrestling in his time, although he had been told that the Devon people had somewhat corrupted them since. It was even said that a congrega- ion on wreckage intent would wait for the parson so that he might have a fair start. (Loud laughter.) He would refer to some of the Cornish worthies. Then were Sir Humphrey Davy, Trevithick, Tangye, Butler, Noy, Opie, Foote, Elliott, and the Earl of Chatham. Lawyers came from Cornwall, and Mr Justice Bullen, one of the greatest English common law judges, was a Cornishmen. There was no roll on earth more glorious. And they could talk of their families - the Arundells, the Trelawney, they Godolphins, the Pitts, the Trefusises, the Boscowens, and the Granvilles, many of whom were in the peerage. When it came to fighting Cornish- men were always then when wanted. Had not Sir Richard Grenville in the Revenge, with half his crew sick, gone out against 60 Spanish ships and killed more than four times the number of his own crew before he succumbed? And did not Sir Edward Pellew in the La Nymphe, with a crew of which two- thirds were raw Cornish miners, go out and bring in the French frigate Cleopatra? (Cheers.) Historians often showed that Cornishmen formed the reserve, and many times turned the tide of battle. If all the Englishman had fought as well as the Cornishmen the country would have been saved for Charles the First, who in an autograph letter thanked the Cornishment for the valuable services they had rendered without reward. That letter was as follows:—'To the inhabi- tants of the county of Cornwall-We are so highly sensible of the merit of our country of Cornwall; of their zeal in a time when we could contribute so little to our own defense or to their assistance; in a time when not only no reward appeared, but great and prob- able dangers were threatened to obedience and loyalty; of their great and emi- nent courage and patience, against so potent an enemy, backed with so strong, rich and populous cities and so plentifully furnished and supplied with men, arms, money, ammunition, and provision of all kinds; and of the wonderful success with which it pleased Almighty God (though with the loss of some most eminent persons) to reward their loyalty and patience by many strange victories over their and our enemies, in despite of all human probability, and all imaginable disadvantages; that as we cannot be forgetful of so great desert, so we cannot but desire to pub- lish it to all the world, and perpetuate to all time the memory of their merits and of our acceptance of the same; and to that end we do hereby render our royal thanks to that our county in the most public and lasting manner we can devise, commanding copies thereof to be printed and published, and one of them to be read in every cburch and chapel therein, and to be kept for ever, as a record in the sae that as long as the history of these times and of this nation shall continue, the memory of how much that county hath merited from us and our crown may be derived with it to posterity. Given at our camp at Sedeley Caslt the 10th of September, 1648." (Cheers). The Cornishmen were a small population - about the same as South Australia - and they occupied a small portion on the earth's surface; yet he said that on the face of God's earth there did not exist, there never did exist, and judging by the tendencies and circumstances of the human race now there never could exist a nation so sparse in population and with such a limited country with so long continued and so glorious a history. His Excellency was loudly cheered at the close of his speech, which was brilliant and effective throughout. The Hon. J. Gordon (Minister of Edu- cation) proposed "The Cornish Association". He had to apologies for being a Scotchman, but he had done his best to remedy that defect by marrying the daughter of a pure-bred Cousin Jack. (Laughter). The fact that the association owed its immediate reception to the efforts of the Acting Governor Mr Justice Boucaut, to the popular editor of The Advertiser Mr Bonython, to that eloquent divine Mr. Rowe, and to that able politician Mr Rousevell, was sufficient to insure a successful career for it. (Cheers). Some people said that such organisations interfered with the national aspirations of Australia, but he held a different opinion. He contended that people were none the less useful and genuine colonists because they cherished memories and traditions of the land of their forefathers (Cheers) They had listened to two of the finest speechers he had ever heard - delivered by their presi- dent, Mr Justice Boucaut, and Mr Bonython —having reference to the ancient history, folk lore, and prowess of the Cornishmen and having listened to those admirable addresses he felt proud to think that Welshmen, Cornishmen, and Scotchmen all belonged to the Celtic family. (Cheers). Their association would serve as an excellent treasure house for storing up such sentiments as they had heard given vent to that evening, and from the bottom of his heart he wished it every success. (Cheers.) Mr W. B. Rounsevell, M.P. (one of the vice presidents), in responding, said their president had afforded them glimpses of the past history of Cornwall, whilst their vice- president, Mr. Bonython, had given them an idea regarding the beauty spots of Cornwall - spots which many of them had not had an opportun- ity of seeing - (hear, hear) - but which they loved, nevertheless, for the sake of the old association. They had been asked what was the object of the association? Well, it was the the outcome of an old West of England adage —"Blood is thicker than water." That was one of the reasons which actuated its formation, since they felt that there were hundreds of Cornishmen throughout the length and breadth of South Australia who were unknown to one another, and they felt that if by touching the electric cord of kinship they could bring them together it would be a potent factor for good through- out the colony. (Cheers). He hoped the gathering was an index to future gatherings. At they knew some of the noblest men the world had ever seen had been poor, and they thought that if some of their kith and kin came out here from the old country, and had someone to whom they could apply, and who would encourage their energy and honest work, that a great deal of good could be effected. (Cbeers.) With aims each as these he felt that they were cound to succeed, and the glorious auspices under which their asso- ciation had been inaugurated, he thought, augured well for their future success. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Ayers proposed "Fish, tin and copper," in a humorous speech. South Australia owed the development of her prin- cipal mines to Cornishmen. There was an element of wealth in Cornwall which the framers of the toast had evidently forgotten, viz., agriculture. No men in South Australia were more devoted to agriculture than Cornish- men. They made excellent agriculturalists, and one of the greatest sources of wealth at present was the daily transmission to London during the season of potatoes and marvellous cauli- flowers. (Prolonged cheers). Captain M. Deeble, connected with the Moonta Mines for about a quarter of a century, and Captain W. H. Morish re- sponded. The Rev. G. E. Rowe proposed - "Our adopted home", to which Messrs. J. Wedlock and R. H. Lathlean responded. The toasts of "The press", proposed by Mr. Thomas Harry, and "The chairman" concluded the proceedings, which were most enthusiastic. During the banquet Messrs. F. Hingston. G. E. Harvey, and J. J. Sharp contributed songs in an enjoyable manner. Mr. Thomas, a genuine Cornishman, sung "Shall Trelawney die?" with telling effect, the company heartily joining in the chorus. At the noent naiMninai v Bd|int • ntmibetrf?m?teat photogwphaw Wip— troops and ithotogEHib?d asTHHI ponfei «l «k« nutnoeanei by tbe imiiiw mwtiinuwa Tb? rninwnrHngcmiiiril Yiiiilnrflmww.l"^'*^ of tbu, 4entea to look ?t the photacca^MS bo diaaoveted at once tiuA his «——??■? Eot in every omb beta earned oat. 