CRUMBS. Still posing. ' 1 A false'scent. ] "Muddle-head." , Another exposure. '. j Stirling up the classes. j Pretty Lttle.martyrs wa Bravo, Sir Thomas Elder. I Manufacturing sympathy. j \- Worse than a foreign invasion. I Obitaiary—Mr. W. Hicks, J.P. I Small dog barking. That's all. , j New. Alma, fortnight's run, 273 oz. Seventeen deputations in two 'days. .Univertidjaptet&.blight in Ireland. ! Socialism is the cankerof Unionism. I A little light on Coakbnrnite journalism. Unionist leaders need cool heads just now. j . Mr. HenryDownerhas stirred up a hornet's nest. I The reward of contributions to the Dookers' , Fund. I ' How do the' wives of the workers like this strike! . Worse than a searching fire, and awful as a | plague. Kedemptoriat Fathers are drawing great crowds. It takes a good deal to put down Mr. Hussey. Unionism requires a continuous baptism of wisdom. Mr. Copley has a keen eye on . squatting lawyers. There is a simple classification for certain dodgers. A remarkable letter as'to journalistic honesty Mr.Nesbit is showing a talent worthy of a silk gown. . How will the parties feel after they make the ] quarrel up ! There was an absolute majority against the main pillar. Every hour reveals the terrible character of j thestruggle. , . Geographical Society is pleased with Sir T. Eldernoner. . ." The Sultan of Turkey' must obey and banish Monssa Bey. ^ Our.garden and dairy industries are affeoted by. the .strike. .1 The horse play in the other colonies will have tobepaid for.. ..Protectionism and patriotism are not con vertible termB. . ;If Unionism is trying its strength, its value is also oh trial. ... , Brisbane Bank clerks have been served out withrevolvejs. ; The first puff of wind' blowB over the pro tooted industry. . , What a kind heart beats in the breast of | Justice Bundey. , . John Bull is chuckling that retribution has visited Australia. . j ;. Beware,of , a man who seems to doubt your married happiness. , " 1 The lay of the lazy hen. Nothing better when eggs are dear. A good job'.that there's a strong man at the head ol affairs how, Broken Hill mines muBtbe soon stopped if % strike continues. Ip this country the employe to-day is the ; employer tomorrow.. Mr. H. E. Jlowner eomes to the rescue of , "honest" journalism. . Labour .has threatened King Vanderbilt with , war to the hilt. The Police Force could stand a few more commissioned officers. Mr, Playford undertook ah unredeemed pledge of Mr.' Holder. The hero of Glenelg mail despatches—Mr. 1 T. Sheppard—is dead. "It is notorious' that the professions are 1 overdone everywhere." The wearxni , of the capitalists—Starvation; ' of labour—Boycotting. To remedy past grievances is to rob revolu tionists of their power. The blight of Cockburn diplomacy has fallen on Adelaide journalism. Settlement of the action by the Bank will not silence Mr, SawtelL There is a large unsuspected snobbery with blatant anti-tufthunters. What is there to prevent Mr. Playford from' initiating land measures ? Next please, to knock at the Government door—Porter-Tom Playford. The capital of the working man is pitted against that of the employer. Mr. Holder's slip and the riser's telegrams come under the same category. KeadC. H. Hussey's letter as to how reports of country meetings are cooked. "Monkey brand Soap" is a "polishing paste," and a jolly good one too. Melbourne knows how to run an Exhibition like a strike—at ruinous expense. . Citizen John Burns is quite willing for the shipowners to waste £80,000,000. People who go about amongst barrels of gun powder should not carry matches. . More local industry—manufacture of hews in the Protectionist newspaper office. Mr. Hussey is too much of an honest jour nalist for the " Democratic " organ. "Impudent pretence that the late Govern- j ment had a majority in the House." | One needs a knowledge of mankind before j one can be simply and wholly oneself. What's the use of the capitalist and the labourer punishing.each other further ! Fort labourers are as playful as kittens until their backs are rubbed the wrong way. It is not just to expect labour to pay for out tbroat competition between capitalists. ! There is provocation for the public to strike against being struck so hard and often. Employers with their waiting policy are try ingjbo foroe the hands of the Unionists. The Melbourne labour leaders are trembling at the terrible monster they have raised. H. E. Downer accuses Hussey of inaccuracy,., and taunts him with his election failure. " Eighty millions sterling to be. devoted to wiping out the Seamen's Umon at home. O'Connor is so gratified with his Australian .experience that he.is coming back to wed. j Clerks, barristers, ' merchants, and others have been lumping in 'the cities of the east. . Australian labour trouble looks small' betide j the New York one, involving 80,000 hands. ! As soon as the boot begins to'pinch the j public will .want jo know, thereason' why. ; A settlement'of both parties must rest on : the 'recognition of the rignts of both parties. ' The 'Marrikans. are to nave a shipping line ; to Australia. Well Jone, Cousin Jonathan! That poor frantio,pap6r. So sad, isn't it to -see quite a ypung person hopelessly affeoted. ' The latest .Customs decision is Monkey brahd soap shall pay duty as jprfiahtnsr jwwfe/1 A good, move for Messrs. xarlton, Risoh bieth, and Co. - Good, for the shareholders too. ' Some people can defend themselves with the horns of a bulb Others have but snail's horns. . The fcheeky. ill-behaved boy that wotfldthrow stones at his grandmother deservesthb'slipper. ; Three miles iB a long distance for children to tramp to schoolip boping heat and drenching rain. ' ' . Let us hope the "Federal City" of Albury will give us federation between master and Man is a violin, and it is only when the last chord is broken that he becomes a piece of wood. Even some who supported the policy of the late Ministry question their capability to carry it out. , . | The penny democratic paper is in want of a correspondent at Port Elliot. Backbone super-; fluous. ' After 40 days in the Police Court Mr. Dow has been restored to his place in the Viotorian Cabinet. ' We are a quarter of a century behind the English coal country in the settlement of trade disputes. The weapon of both parties is the same— savings of the capitalist and savings of the labourer. ' "A/winter cruise" oould be.wintry only in name with genial warm-hearted Judge Bundey onboard, ' 'Does Mr. Downer say he did not tell the Port Elliot people he disagreed with the progressive land tax? Lord Hopetoun, who is a travelled and edu cated man, has never seen a prettier city than Adelaide. ' None more than working men would rejoice to work on lines >of conciliation rather than coercions. Lord Kintore had a good look at the dogs and the chuckiea, The latter also had a good look at him. Mr. Lake's assurance notwithstanding, Cockburnites oould not muster a meeting at Jamestown. Lord and Lady Hopetoun represent the ! to Australia. Why should some of our young Australians I be so offensive in their attitude towards Eng lish officials ? _ Judge Bundey gives an aooonnt of his j Mildura trip. A worthy objeet in writing, your Honor 1 After all this hired howling, it is time to | forget the dead and attend to the living political forces. This revolutionary party of phrases and | dodgery is imparting bitterness to South Aus tralian politics. Our Jamestown correspondent was confirmed | by the inability of 'the Oockbumites there to raise a meeting. • ■ If the country : wanted the progressive land tax so badly, why .did it not Bpeak out deci 'sivelybeforethis? ■: Mr., John Nicholson, of the Walha Water works, suicided, and the messenger of the sad news broke his leg. What is 'wanted is not an abolition of Unionism, hiit effective checks to the abuse of {collective1 strength. ' iThe new Government have saved £400 in | cOrmeotioh'With the hppointment of Accoun tant of Insolvency. % 'Considering how the oommunity may be hurt, i the right to boycott, like that to use firearms, should bcregulated. ' i ' ' Mr. 'S. Dyke has returned, and speaks with enthusiasm: as to '-the mineral. value of the j MaoDonnell Ranges. Ingersol on Moses may be very smart, but wait till you have heard the venerable Muses on the flippant upstart. ■. •Two or three gathered together with a lively correspondent can make ' much ado about nothing in the country. '; To abnBcthose in high places is regarded by some si evidences of {genius, and by others as a means of advertisement. < < She'trousers of Captain Thomas, of the 'Central Mine, was a central attraction to the 'thief who removed £140.' • ■ It does not look as if the country expected the Playford Ministry, to collapse when it sent ten deputations in one day. It is. a question for the public whether the trade which is plaguing.Israel is being oarried on under sensible conditions. Good job when Parliament reassembles. It will give certain newspaper writers something new to become hysterical about. We shall next be gravely told that those rabbits at Terowie have got up a meeting in favour of the progressive land tax. The development of the argument against the Lands portfolio in . the Council is the abolitition of the second Chamber. The responsibility resting upon Sovereigns of labour is as great just now as that usually accompanying Crowns that glitter. There's no repressing of Norwood; what with its premier philanthropist, premier politician, and premier kickballers. Judge Bundey took some lemons on his winter .cruise.. As a oorreotive to your sweet nessof disposition—eh, your Honor? That terrible storm in the Swiss mountains will be direotly traced to the defeat of the pro gressive land tax in South Australia. Dr. Cockbum is unfair to the frugal poor when he intimates that only the rich buy im ported articles with a view to economy. Because the men have made some unreason able demands, there is no reason why the reasonable ones should not be admitted. Have the shipowners explained away their provocation of officers to take counsel with the enemy to redress long-standing grievances ? It is to be hoped that Unionists will not be led for the sake of a little notoriety into aots which can only be regretted onoe and for ever. A loaf of whole wheaten bread three days' old is more nutritious than half a dozen newly baked loaves of the ordinary sort—so says Mr, Coad. Patriotism—love of country—begins with not a few at a profound love of the only essential persons to the country—themselves—and ends there. Mr, Bundey sees in the vigorous young settlements "afield of labour for the indus trious and thrifty husbandman," and husband woman. English papers gave columns and columns about the marriage in Westminster Abbey of the pauper boy of "Wales, now the companion of Princes. Supposing Bartlett should carry his motion about the- Commissioner of Crown Lands in the Legislative Council. Well, he'll carry it, ahd that's all. The, real question at issue is the right of employers to say whom they will employ, in the same way that the men can elect whom they will serve. It is a reflection oh Mr. Copley, as a pure farmer and a strong man, to insinuate that he will rob his land measures of liberal features to please the Council, A correspondent wants to know the names of the Adelaide people who are working up those terrible " indignation" meetings in the country. Simple correspondent. Justice Boucaut to:Mr., Symon—"What paper,: are you reacting .from? The report is much1 better than in the one I have. Mr. j Symonrr"The £effM<er, your Honor." :.Some ptople surprised, at "Jenkins not being in'the hew team. Need not be; as he let Playford know before the no-cohfidenoe debate ended that he bad ho desire to be included ? - Mr. Coad-eays if Australians would live on whole Wheaten bread ahd fruit for four months of the year; there 'would be a sensible diminu tion in the sickness provident in the various 'colonies.' Hie marriage of Prinoe Adolphusof Sohaum burg-Lippe with Prinoees Victoria of Prussia, eeoonddaughter of.the Empress Frederick, will probably take place at Berlin .during | November. The rabbits at Terowie axe . increasing rapidly. What is the cause ? Why, the re jection of the .progressive land tar, of-course] Great Australian strike another effect o£ the same thing. . I We were led to believe the Bon. H.; EJ Downer only disagreed with the Government about the Trades Hall; now he admits he was not at one with them about the progressive land tax scheme. - I The Advertiser correspondent at Fort Pirie said there was a genuine and general regret in the district at the defeat of the late Ministry] What about the Port Pirie Advocate and tne Gladstone Express t j "A Prejudloed Shareholder" sends a joke to the effect that a Protectionist. Government ought not to enoourage Antarctic exploration,' because it might lead to ioe being imported in summer from the South Pole to the detriment of local Ioe Company shares. The Queen is particularly anxious that the Duke of darenoe and Avondale (don't forget , the Avondale) should marry one of his oousins, either a daughter of the Empress Frederick or of the late Primess Alioe of Hesse-Darmstadt. | A Melbourne City Counoillor has been heard | to say that had the members of the Council known of the affairs of Councillor Geddes, whose embezzlements amount to about £4,000, they would in two or three days have collected " the money for ths sake of saving the honour of the Corporation. A Sydney telegram in the Silver Age says:— "Much public satisfaction was expressed in the city at the defeat of the Cockburn Ministry, its attitude having been regarded as one of persistent and inexplicable hostility j to this colony. . The tramway agreement [ fiasco has created considerable amusement, not unmixed with indignation." Referring to pride arising from money, Mr. Coad tells a yarn of a lady who had grown | suddenly rich, and one day sharply reproved her daughter for playing with the daughter of a shoemaker, as fohows" Rosa, how dare 1 you assooiate with that girl: don t you know I her father is a shoemaker? The daughter 1 .replied—"Please, ma, the little girl is not a , shoemaker, and I was not playing with the ! father." | > The Area* Express concludes an article oh the political situation by quoting the words of \ "Dumas" in the "Lady of Lyons" with'slight , alterations— " The man who sets his heart on Dr. Cockburn , Is a chameleon,,and doth feed on air: From alr he takes his colours—holds iris life— . Changes with every wind- growB lean or fat, Bosy with hope, or green with jealousy, t)r pallid with despair—just as the gale "Varies from North to South—from heat to cold i Ob, Cockburn 1 Cockburn I tboushoiildst have few ' sins. Of thine ownto answer fori Thou art the author Of snch books of follies in thy followers, That it wooldneed the tears of all the Angels . To'blot the record out I Memorabilia.—A solar eclipse ooourred Au gust 21,1660. There jB nothing wonderful in ~ that, for you know they happen, every year.. Rut this1 particular eclipse filled with wonder the mind of-a little intelligent boy of twelve { summers, and induoed him to' study the j phenomena and movements of the heavenly bodies, so that in - after life the name of ■Tycho Brahe was honoured throughout Europe as the great Danish astronomer.— There is a town in the Netherlands on the left j bank of the Maese called Maestrioht, and in j 1674 it was bombarded and taken by the | Frenoh, and ori August 21 of that year'ascdnio 1 representation of the'siege was presented by ■ night at tke foot of Windsor-terrace. The Attack was made by the Duke of Monmouth, who had recently arrived from the real siege: . and as the thunder of the cannon, the clash of arms and the shouts of the conquerors " awoke the echoes of the mountains," the Windsorites | declared that the spectacle beat the original siege all to smithereens. Obituaries.—Yea, it was on August 21, 1653, that the scheming, ambitious, and restless John Dudley lost his head beneath the axe of j the executioner on Tower Hill, just as his father had done forty-three years previously. Henry VTTI. created him Viscount Lisle and ] Knight of the Garter. On the execution of Sir Thomas Seymour it was his fate to | have more honours thrust upon him by his appointment as Lord High Admiral, and his creation as Duke of Northumberland. Pursuing his ambitious policy he brought about j a marriage between his son Lord Guilford Dudley and Lady Jane Grey, daughter of the j Duke ;of Suffolk, and a branoh of the Royal | family. Then, when the days of Edward VL were known to be numbered, the orafty Duke prevailed upon him to set aside his sisters Mary and Elizabeth from the sucoession in favour of Lady Jane, and on Edward's death he caused his daughter-in-law to be proclaimed. This, however, only led to an insurrection. Mary was securely seated upon the throne and the Duke was executed. Memorabilia.—The famous Battle of Bos worth was fought August 22, I486. That anti quarian writes thusly:—" The Tudor race were indebted to this event for tkeir regal I inheritance. . Richard lost the battle by defec tion. His courage and foresight were wortky of a better cause. 'Review the persons raised,' were his instructions to the shires, 'and see that they be able men and Weil horsed and harnessed, and no rascals, and endeavour then to inorease the number of their wisdoms and policies if they can.'"—A broad sheet, fully a foot square, was published at Oxford August 22, 1642, and this was the title thereof—"The Mercurious Rustious; or the country's complaint of the barbarous outrages begun in the year 1642, by the Sectaries of this once flourishing kingdom." It was edited by one Bruno Rives, chaplain to Charles L Obituaries.—Among the illustrious dead who fell on Bosworth field, August 22, 1485, were Richard III., Walter Devereux (Lord Ferrers), and John Howard (Duke of Norfolk). It has been said of a certain cloven-footed personage that "he is not so black as he bas been painted." May not this be said also of "Hump-backed Dick? Andi alteram par tem. One of his biographers writes:— j He was of diminutive stature, deformed from his birth, and of a forbidding aspect; i .but far more depraved in his mind than for- j bidding in bis person." But Walpole in Ids j ''.Historical doubts concerning Richard ITT." ■ says:—"All the crimes attributed to him are mere fabrications. The Riohaid of Shaks peare, crooked-back, hypocritical, cynical] cruel, and desperate is a far more familiar figure than the Richard of authentic history. The deformity iB possibly a fiction: con temporaries have described him as a handsome well-made man." " Who shall deride, when ; &C..;&C.; . ■ I Memorabilia.—It was just 890. years ago on this the 23rd day of theeighth month that Don Francisco Bobadilla landed at St. Domingo as a Royal Commissioner iroin the Court of Spain | to enquire 'into the. administration of the fellow of whom' you may possibly have heard, Christopher Columbus, by name. . E.G.—C.C. | had1 been, accused of many -things by bis j Unscrupulous, jealous, envious, and malicious j enemies,-and, ae that Spanish historian puts it:—"The Admiral of the Ocean, after suffer ing the lowest indignities &om; this Jack-in- i Offices was arrested and sent to Spain in shackles—those chains which were suspended i in his cabinet and were burned with him." But istt fit, "that" they who trust in Princes* Should be thus -rewarded?' Echo answers "rewarded." ' Obituaries.—Flavin^ Stilicho was beheaded August 128, 408.- 'Our Historital Crumbroan ■ writes:—"I had. hot the honour-of his ac quaintance, but I have gleaned the following particulars from those whb had. - During'the reign of the Emperor Theodooius he was. General of all1'. the fortes of ; the' western . empire, and at that 'monarch's death ; he became guardian of his son Honorious, Emperor of the West, his elder brother being' .Emperor - ■of the East. Stiliche aspired to the command of both the eastern aha western' armies, but ■ he was thwarted m this design by Bufinus of Constantinople. Stiliche, however, managed to procure the assassination of Mr. Bufintts, and then married the amiable and lovely Miss 'Bufinus, alias Irene,, to, Honorious. But in . " 408 Honoriousfanoiedthat Stiliche was schem ing to depose him. Thereupon he cried out . 'Off' with his head; he shall not live an . hour,' and CountHeractian did the deed, in deed he did." Memorabilia.—The, never- to -be - forgotten while-memory-holds-her-seat, &C.;, Council of ' Nice terminated its sittings. August 26 in the year of grace 325. This <Eou menical Council was composed of 318 Bishops, chiefly of the Orients! Churches. It was called by Constantino the Great, and Philostorgius says the orthodox doctrine of the Trinity embodied in the Nioesne Creed was subscribed to with but twenty-two dissentients. It was also at this Council that it was deter mined that henceforth and for ever -and ever, Amen, the feast of Easter should be held on the first Sunday after the first full moon after the 20th of March. Obituaries.—The Emperor Gratianus was assassinated by his, own rebellious troops August 25, 383. He was courageous in the - -field, a patron of learning, and by nis prudence and intrepidity he supported the tottering State. But his hatred of every vestige -of pagan superstition proved his ruin. He; was - an out-and-out Iconoclast. The great stable of Victory, decorated with the Egyptian spoils ■ of Augustus, iell before his fiat like the brutal image of -Pagan before the sacred ark.' Yet . this shrine was.a majestio female figure stand ing on a globe, with flowing garments, ex panded wings, and a crown ol laurel-in her - outstretched hand. He considered a beautiful image was a dangerous thing for grave men to - swear by. But goodness gracious, Gratianus how can you be so silly 1 Memorabilia.—In the south of England i there is a county called Kent, and in Kent - there is a market-town' called Romney, and Bomney is situated in the ' middle of Bomney Marsh, and it was there that Julius Caesar - landed exactly 1945 years ago, this -26th of'_ August.' He had previously oon qnejred Gaul, in defenoe of whioh ' a million of its inhabitants more or less, espe cially less 'perished'"With the edge of the - sword," The British fought' like mad, but - were overthrown, and scattered "like chaff " ■ before the wind" by the disoiplined legions of ' Borne. Caesar remained thirty days onshore, . and then cut it, but the next year he returned with 800 cockleshells called ships, and an army of 30,000 men, with which he veiy soon van quished the combined forces of the "rude barbarians." He says, how ever— "The British chariot system 'of warfare combines the solidity of in fantry with the rapidity of oavaliy; and their - General (Gassivetaunus) has 4,000 of these for midable engines, in reserve." Obituaries.—Among the illustrious men who • joined the great majority on August 26 in the year of grace, as the Algebraists express it, were Ottocar II. of Bohemia- who fell at the Battle of Marehfield, 1278.—John of Bohemia dittoed at the Battle of Cre sy, 1346. He lost ■ an eye (I forget which) in an engagement with . the Lithuanians, and a Jew dootor, who under took to cure him, deprived him of the sight of the other; so that at the Battle of Cressythe - benighted King was guided between two • knights each holding his bridle.—Sir James - Hamilton was executed 1640 at Edinburgh.— Lopez Felix de la Vega, the Spanish author of 497 plays, 21 religious poems, and goodness ■ knows how many other scores of novelB, epics, burlesques, ana allegros, died 1635.—That - famouB Dutch microscopicist. Lewoenhock, who discovered living wild beasts so small that ■ a thousand or so could stand on the point of a needle, died 1723, aged 91. Memorabilia. — Thuciphdides recorded an eclipse of the moon on August 27, B.c. 413,1)00 knew less of the cause of the phenomenon than does a schoolboy of the present day.—Charles V. of Germany abdicated in favour of his • brother Phillip in the presence of a magnificent assemblage of Spanish and Flemish nobles in . the hall of the palace of Brussels. But then, poor fellow, he' couldn't help himself. The - Protestant faction was one toe many for him, so he just retired to a monastery.—Milton's ■ Eiconoclmtcs and Defcnait were burnt by the common hangmanAugust27,230years ago, bub . he himself (the poet, not the hangman) escaped from the flames. Obituaries.—You are, of course, familiar ■ with the name of Flavius Anicius Manlius Tor quatusSeverinusBoetius; but now justlisten to - what that historiographer has to say about F.A.M.T.S.B."He was a Boman philoso pher, (whose virtues, services, honours, and tragical end all combine to render his name memorable. He was born A.D. 470, studied at Borne and Athens, was profoundly learned, and filled the highest offices under the government of Teodoric the Goth. He was long the oracle of his sovereign and the idol of the people; but his strict integrity and'in flexible justice raised up enemies in those who loved extortion and oppression, and he at last fella victim to their machinations. He was accused of a treasonable correspondence with the Court of Constantinople, ana was executed August 27,624. His ConsolatuB of Philo sophy," written in prison, is a work replete with the loftiest sentiments, clothed in the most fascinating language." Memorabilia.—On August 28,1605, our own Most Gracious Majesty King James, D.G., D.F., visited Oxford, and after a sumptuous fodder that " most dread Sovereign" attended at the hall of Christ Church College to witness the performance of " a doleful tragedy" entitled "Ajax Flagellifor," followed by the comedy of "Vertunnus." That old chronicler says: — "The stage was varied three times; the movable painted cloths were first introduced, and a great traveller—Inigo Jones by name—undertook to decorate the hall; hut his Boyal Majesty thought the Ajax was remarkably tedious."—Cassimi on August 28,1686, reported the disooveryof a satellite of Venus in a gibbous form. Obituaries.—St. Augustine, yon know, was one of the Fathers of the Church. His death occurred on August 28, 430, at Hippo, in Africa, of which he was the Bishop. He sowed a good many bushels of wild oats when he was young, and while at Carthage he be came a. convert ■ to the Manachoeans— a sect of Persian origin, who believedin the existence of two eternal antagonistic prin ciples, and denied the deity of ^Christ and of the Holy Ghost. But u later life the preach ing of St.- Ambrose drove all the speculative nonsense out of his head. He embraced "the faith once delivered unto theBaints," was bap-- - tieed, and became as orthodox as the Pope > himself. So much for Aurelius Augustinus. 