late* and Sketches. [SOW IXBST PPBUHHED.'j BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TBAGIO STOBY OF ANNA KLOSSTOiK, THE QUERN OP THK GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON Author of ' Crael London,' *? The Three Becnuts,' 'Jbha Needham'fi Donble,' to. [UX, RIGBX8 BESEBVXD.] PART IV. Chattee XVX— The Ghost of the Lagooxs. They were a fishing trio of the lagoons, Cbiozotti, In fact, well known for their industry ud their piety. They hid been beating about most of the night without haul ing in anything worth mentioning, until it was nearly morning, and tiiep having called flown a blearios from the saint whom their brown {Humiliated sail glorified, their net had filled to overflowing. They emptied it with much rejoicing npon their reeking deck, and then epread their canvas to catch the morning brerae for Venice. It wanted yet an hoar or so to dawn, tile first opaline advances of which began to move the curtains of the Kastera sky. Only a handful of pale stars remained in the heavens. The sea had been rough on the (irevioos night, and a strong nnder swell was left in memory of the passing storm. The picturesque smack rose and fell with a regular cadenza of motion. White one of the men steered and attended to the navigation, the other two were busy getting their fish into the hold, tinging all the while a kind of answering chorus to the ohaont of niB steersman* Presently the soloist paused in bis song to gaze intently to windward., where he fancied be saw something in the water. It was not a boa^ no.' was it a fish. Itmight be a pieceof Heeling mvAage. But it looked strangely like some awid vision of the deep. The IwjriSnmii said nothing, but crossed himself devoutly, and looked in another direction. Tie opaline glow that had at first been very faint now gave place to streaks of pink and gray and red; it looked like a stormy breaking of Oe morning. There was an nmnaal shadow, too, upon tte sea, tba steersman thought He feared to look to windwatd. though he tried to smother a superstition' dread that came over him in a repetition of Us fishnmn'schaunt, and again hjsjuatestook op tbe refrain. . He no longer saw the strange weird eometiimg In the sea; rtwas *&n; there, nevertheless, rising and falling with the swelling waves. Onceln a way~tbe fint'beams of tiie morning fell upon it as it with mquiaitaTe glances. Then the shaoowy fauns of the Engancan hTus began to' assert tneir presence- far away beyond the mainland. Further North tin ooU white Alps were setting ready to make their ap pearance on tbe distant background of the Easy pfcture. By and bye the ialands of the Jagooas, woold put in their claims to re cognition, bot fertile momsBt there was only ''And now the^Sl saw It The fish with thesr.ahUing scabs and bright dying eyes had been .towed away, and suddenly tbe man at the balm pointed a long bony finger In the direction of the ghost-like object to windward. The thing -was recognised in susnoe. It «asmned an almost upright attitude with the afcfng of the waves; and as they receded it floated Backwards as a graceful swimmer jnlBht: It did not, in taking this new position, however, buffirtthe water asa lire swimmer would, but rose and fell with a ghostly rhythm of motion. When its head topped the waves horizontally it showed a human fane distorted, white and swollen, with dark hair. All three toilers of the deep now saw the apparition. It was more than a ghost and less than a man. Was it some pernicious creature of the Baa ? How should they avoid it: Tiiey tacked. They turned their eyes to leeward. They made as if they would aaD for the open sea. The swimming figure followed the ship. They had both struck the same currant The sailors now saw it in a new quarter. They were afraid. Again they tacked. This time the prow turned towards the Lido. The men had HtW|||-mx» their ooaxse. Presently a long streak of light illuminated the waters. Hie rain oeased. It was nearly morning. The bob forced silver lances np Into the donds. And nfw there could be no mistake. The figure was human in form, bat its face was a word deformity. It was a goblin, a monster, a something horrible It had great white hands that were steering it towards the ship. Its head rose and fell with the waves. They oonia ail see tne nameless nung. i.ney xeu upon their knees and commended themselves to their saints, and more particularly to her who had vouchsafed them their goodly haul offish. Then they took cnnnsei and came to a decision. The monster was a ghost. They were convinced of it, these three ChiazottL They crowded all sail to get away from it ; when suddenly, as if audor tha influence of the god of day, the wind fell, and there was a dead calm. The sea, however, still rose end felL There were no waves. Bat die keel of the boat made a gurgle and a washing. The eea Beamed as if trying to break into a wave, bat it only ?lopped np against the ship's sides. One of the men thought there was eomethlng like a eob accompanying the bnlgbiB; motion of the water. I They tempted tiie do*d breeze from ev ry j point, bat the ship by etfll and the morning In silvery tplendoar began to salute and 4 glorify distant objects, flashing now and then through the clouds into a white path across the lagoon right up to the ship. In one of these passing illuminations they saw the ghost clearly. ** It is no ghost,' said the bravest of tbe *' Did yon ever see a dead man swimming with its arms and lego aa a live man swiaur' said the other, fortifying himself with a long driat from a bottle ?rhiuh ha handed to hie mates. ' It does indeed swim,' said the helmsman ; ?? tliat'e true.' ' What harm can come to ni.' said the first. ' having commended ourselves to the Vi.-gin and to our own mnch beloved and beholden-to saint V '?She did not help Pierre when we were wrecked and lost our mate.' said the helms 'Forgive htm, Santa Maria!' exclaimed the second fisherman ; be knows not what he says!' ' It is no ghost, comrades,' repeated tbe bravest of the three, 'only a droimed man ; let us take him in tow.' ' What if be takes us in tow?' said the firet of the Chi ratti. ' Truly, what theo ?' exclaimed the helms man. ** Look at him ! Dead, do yon say ? Tea, a dead-alive ; he Bwims, don't yon see it, first on his breast, then on his tddr, and thirdly on bis back. Do drowned men swim like that V ' ' It's the action of the waves,' said the Becond fisherman, taking another drink. 'Strange action !' eaid the first. ' Yes, 1 grant yon.' said the second ; ' bat are we cowards ? Have wo been out in ail Wtiathen, and seen strange sights by night *nd -iaair_ and ar*» tv#- t*mna to ha afraid aaw that tbe sun is ri ing and Venizia, begins to look across the water to the Lido ?' ' No,' saH the first spokesman. '* What ehall we do, good comrade?' 'Loner the boat sod take tbe drowned man in tow !' said the other, handing tbe bottle to tbe fltesrsman, who emptied it antf found himself more courageous by two wine glasses foil. 'Bat see,' he said, 'nevertheless it is coming along of its own accord. It needs no ' There will be a reward,' said the second sailor. '* I see gold lace ; it is the body of an officer ia uniform.' ♦'Don't romance.' replied the first fisher man ; ?* it is the glint of tne snn on tbe water.' By this time the snn waa really getting ap in the heavens. The sky was beginning to The helmsman rrfwwd himself as he Idt a band to bis mates, and presently the boat was ?dipping to tbe stem, where the second man dropped Into her and began to pall towards ww Buaugc ugiuo nuiuu Bpcuuu tu uc uwiau/ playing with the waves. ?? Yea,' Baid the Chioggla fisherman as he approached it, ' gold laoe sure enough, bnt what a face 1 and, mercy on us, how drad alire it looks with its hands waving np and down. Ahoy, mate, heave tol' with whion *Tf] inns.t* '' of senonal -w-v-nf gcmjfnt he flung a thin rope across tbe body and so manoanvred it that in a minnte or two be hud fastened a stronger one to it, and the ghost of the lagoon answered to tbe tog of the boat which tbe fisherman began to pall for the The vessel hove to, and the adventurer having fastened bis boat to the line flung ont by the helmsman, scrambled aboard. The ghost floated in companionship with tne vessel's boat which dropped quietly astern. The Chiozna smack now hoisted her painted sails and steered for the channel by the lido. It was an ebb tide, and the water, as Mr. Symonds tells as in his *' Italian Sketches.' at snob times runs past the mulberry gardens of this pleasant hamlet like a river. The fishing boat, with its ghastly figure at the stern, swung into this rapid stream aided by a freshening breeze, and from the other side of tbe Riva no doubt looked a pretty object, as indeed it was if you took no note of its half - submerged cargo —the dead passenger, with its great white hands and its equally white face, like soft, half-tanned leather. On went the boat and its silent witness past the groves of acacia trees which rise ont of its tall green grasses, where the first butterflies ot summer were disporting themselves for their brief hour or two of gay and radiant life. Presently tbe vessel's coarse was changed for tbe Custom House, and now she wont gliding along with no swelling motion, except such as the wooing wind gave her. The eon was up. Venice waa alive. A little crowd of early workmen had gathered round tbe Victor Emmanuel statue. The last jnmnantB of the decorations were being 'removed. The pigeons in the Grand Square of St. Mark's were flattering over their first meal of the day. The two royal standards Mnwmtte the famous church were fl vint? in tbe morning breeze. a. cluster of gondolas wore lying by the steps in the shadow of the Lion of St. Mark's. Picturesque groups of men and women were standing near. Tbe gorgeous palaces were glassing themselves in the Grand Canal with blurred effects of form and colour made by the rippling water. Round tbe corner of thf Pizarro Palacr. where the Countess Stravcusky had looked down from the window of her bonddir, however, the water was still and showed every line of architecture, every lichcr on the ancient walls, every bit of ooze and green elitne that clung to it\e lower utjuee on the water's edge, but there was no trace of the tragedy of the recent festival any more than there was of those others which bad preceded it in bygone days. Nor bad tfce wavelets in front of the palace anything to show or to say of the magnificent reception, tip pay and f-«tal music --f which had been the dirge whivta Vcu,.,eaiii -? hhil preparert for the Unssiao general who had presided over tbe ; outrages of Czaronra, All tbe world looked so happy on this morning, as if tbe bright sun, the soft breeze, the clear sky, the perfume of flowers (brought from the mainland by a passing boat) had been given as compensation for the closing of the royal festival ; or aa if the spirit of Venice had risen up to let her worahippen feel that the city in the sea needed nothing of festival or music or royal gueste, or flags and banners, and painted boats to make her deniable, bat that ebe was loveliest without ought else but her own beauty. And yet trailing along her dreamy city was that bleached and ghastly thing that a little way off looked like a strong swimmer at his ease, his extending arms and legB rising and ?fjdjfcg with the motion of the vessel in com pany* with which he was enjoying the bright gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned oat to be when the Chiozzia smack cast anchor and dropped her sails. And what a reception it had from the chattering crowd that collected on tbe quay — all talking at once, some oroBHing theuwplvex, other, pro fessing to recognize the corpse, all presently making way for the Custom House autboiities and the police. 'General Petronuvitch,' eaid one of tbe chiefs of police, ' be who disappeared on the night of the tUnminations ; and this (taking from the body a dagger that was entangled ratkor ?r-i+t. «-ho »1n*-V.;_ _ a^..« n^44i 4-U*. 4)UU1 the cause of death, perhaps.' On the blade of the mated knife could still be seen deeply engraven a word is Arabic, which a learned priest translated into Italian, French, and English, They were tbe same Arabic letters as those which were embossed npon the amulet that the Countess Stravensky wore at Mrs. Cbetwynd's reception, and tbe word was M Vengeance ?' Thus the judicial murderer of the Rabbi Loeinski, the -'°min of tbe household peace and j'py of the KJosBtocbs, and the scourge of Cztxonva, flung after eie'mtinn into the sea, had come back again to Venioe a witness of the f it-***'*^ h * ng hand of lSihiliiitfc vengeauoe. 