Siberian Tragedy. BY GEO HOE Mcoits. I Mine. Atdlrff was a Blender, blonde-haired j little Parisieiice, who ores used to dance 1 lightly in tho ball-rooms of tho Champs j IS ysciH, and chatter gaily of the things of tba boulevard; iiufc ebe no*v no longer felt l interest in anything. I'aifs was lo her & j vanished dream, B.bsria en unchanging I reality. Nino months out of every year of | blsnk, mournful snows, whita silence, extend ing from horizon to horizon ; tbeu a brief respite, when the fields caught flower, ana j color rushed through every valley and 07er i every hill, and innumerable insects buzasd i in fha green underwood of tho eleppea-such is Siberia. ! She had married Connt Ardloff, the j Governor of Tobolsk, to save her father from ruin, but thin child of the asphalt thrived but poorly in tho desert, and her husband saw, and with fierce anger, that she could not en dure her present life; saw there war) nothing in common between tbcra but tho chain of marriage by which he held her. "Scratch the Bussian and you will find the Tartar." Nothing can be more true. Primitive races can bat ape the sentiments and refinements of feeling which mako bear* able our lives, and Count Ardloff could not pass the gulf-the impassable gulf-tho gulf mado bj- centuries of civilisation which lay between him and his wife. Ho could hold | her to his bosom, but even then she seemed nearer to Vanca, a young Polish officer, than him. And yet no friendship could be purer; they were merely exiles who talked of their distant homes, their lost friendsi and their abandoned dreams. But such sentiments are little understood in Siberia, and ugly little rumors concerning Mme. Ardloff and young Vanca had begun to .be whispered-tho end of a phrase hissed slightly and a concluding smile turned some what serpent-wise-that was all. Count Ardloff watched and waited, as sus picious and fierce as a wild oat. He was a man about fifty; his beard was strong and gray, and ho stood like a Hercules. Five years passed in Paris bad lent him a disguise which, in bis ordinary moods, pi=r fectly enabled him to hide his Tartar ehar&o; ter, and when she married him, the bright Frenoh girl little thought that a lav; glasses of champagne or a slight contradiction would transform the elegant gentleman on whose arm ehe leaned into a savage Cossack. Now a fierce gleanfshot from his eyes aa they fell upon his wife, who, lying back in her easy-cheir, sat languidly listening to Vanca'a clear voice. It mattered not to the count what they were saying. He did not stay to consider whether they were planning an elopement or talking of the emperor. He, merely bated her for appearing to be bo -in-' i timate with one of his officers. She belonged so him; ska was hie property-a property he bad acquired becauee it had pleased him to do so. What, then, did ehe mean by think ing of or concerning herself 'about anyone else? . These were the oount's thoughts as he took the cards that had been handed to him and shnfHedthem,through his strong fingern. Some eight or a dozen gentlemen in the uni form of the llussiau' Army were grouped around hun, a lady sat at the piano, and couples were seated under the greenery of the exotic plants-with which tho recesses of tho room were filled. There wen not much conversation, the interest of the company being apparently centred in tho count. Every now and then someone passed across j tho room, and, after watching the cards for a few minute's, would cringingly murmur some words of adultation. Every i^hrase began or ended with Your excellency," and was rounded off with a bow. But tho oount paid very little attention to his flatterers. When he had finished deal-, ing, B3 be threw down the last card, be glanced again in the direction where his wife was sitting. As she listened to the young Pole, her atti tude grew more and more abandoned. Ho spoke, to her of her past life, of a lost love ; and the accents of regret with which he nar rated bis experiences reminded her of bow she hadsuffarcd similar deceptions; of how her aspirations and glad visions had, like his, perished.: They spoke" o! those sad, eternal, truths which eaoh pair of lovers fancy they alone have discovered, but which have moved all past generations, as thoy will doubtless move all those, which are coming to birth, till man's soul has ceased to be what it is. . So absorbed were Vanca and Mme. Ardloff in the contemplation of the past, that they were only so muoh conscious of each other; aa eaah helped the Mother to realise their separate lives. The outer world had faded from them, and in tho insinuating emotion which drew them together she leaned,her hands over tho edge of the chair, and, follow ing the movement instinctively, ho took up the glove Ehe had laid down and played with ?it.' "At this sign of intimacy, the count's eyes flashed vindictively, and he called to his wife, impationtly : '' Marie, will you order some cham pagne V' Without answering, she told Vanca to ring the bell. Instantly rising, he complied with her request, and then, forgetting he had not returned the countess her Glove, stopped to speak to a friend. ITis friend tried to warn him with a look, but, before a word oouid be said, the Pole bad walked-across the room, still twirling the fatal glove in his fingers. He did this with a certain nonchalance that would have angered a better- tempered m&n; than Connt Ardloff. A grim scowl p.aseed across his face, and he whispered something to an aide-de-camp, who stood j nsor him. The officer left tho room. I It was a terrible moment, full of consterna i tion and Bilenca; but before tho unfortunate i Pole had time to realise hia danger two Cos | sack Boldiers entered tho apartment. The i company gave way before them, withdrav?ing into groups and lines. Vanca had his back | turned to them, and he etili wrapped tbc I fatal glove round and round his fiogers. He | stood as if lost in reverie, scanning » marble bust of tho countess. At last the stillness of the room awoke him, and, a3 the Cossacks wcro about to seize him, he turned. His frightened eyeB met. theirs ; ha started back preoipitat?ly, but, with a quiet movement, tho soldiers laid hands upon him. In a low voice the aide-de camp said : " You are arrested by. order of bis excel lency." Dazed and-bewildered, Yanea pushed the soldiers from him, and, streiebingforth bis hands, appealed to the couut. "How is this, your excellency?" he cried, wildly; "I am guilty of nothing. Theremu3t be some mistake." Count Ardloff stood broad, tail and vin dictive, with the light of luBtre shining full on his high, bald forehead; and iron-gray beard concealed the lower part of liis Equare face. Vanca cried one mora word of appeal, and. then stepped, puzzled. Mme. Ardloff arose, pale and trembling, but her husband motioned her away. The guests remained in raws, still as the figures of a frieze, and, at a sign from the officer, with a movement of shoulders, the Cossacks forced the Pole from the room. The scene was very short. Immediately after, the count spoke of in different things, and glasses of ohempagne were handed round. Mme. Ardloff stared vacantly, unable to collect her thoughts; till, suddenly seeing the glove which Vanoa had dropped, the reason of bis arrest dawned upon her, and she trembled violently, and so agitated waa she that she could scarcely say good-bye to her guests. The count, how ever, dismissed them rapidly, speaking all the while of the approaching summer, the number of convicts that hadeacapedfromthe mines, and the emperor. When husband and wife wc.o wonc, tbe count picked up the glove and banded jfc to tbe countesp, with an ironical (smile, acd, without alluding to wbat had happcned.said that it was very late, and advised her to re tire to her room. She obeyed without answering. She knew something horrible waa going to happen, and, stupefied with fear, she mounted the staircase. Do stajfd behind to give an order, and, mastering her tears, ehe listened. . llo wa3 talking in the hall below to his aide-de-camp, and oho heard him say that Vanca must be at onco degraded to the ranks, and her her.rfc beat with jay at the prospect of hid rtcaping with eo eiigbt a punishment. Her emotion was so' great that she did not catch the nest phrsse, and when she heard again, her husband was telling lii3 officer to have all in readinees, that ho would be at the barracks at nine next morn ing. There waa something strange in this, and Mme. Ardloff went trembling to ber room. ! Tiia shadows acemed livid and ths lamp j burned luridly, and oppressed srith the hor- i rors of the evening, she eat in the ailenco, airaid to go to bed. Through the frczsn window-panea she could see glistening the wide snows of the Siberian winter. Wearily Bhe ashed herself why she bad been condemned to live in these impassable deserts. The howl of a dog broke the stillness of tho night, and it sounded in ber excited mind liko the last dying cry of some poor oneuDjnntly done to death. What was to beeomo of Vanca ? Why could not she save him ? Save him 1 Was theie need for that ? Starting to her feet, she strove by an effort of will to rid hciaaif of her terrors. Then, shaking with forebodings and regrets, she undressed; butn hundred fancies assailed her imagination and gave lifo to the Cgur33 on tho tapestry, to the shadows on the floor, and, white, like a ghost in a tomb, sho lay restless in herlarpe bed. Sleep lied from her, until at last she fell into a deep, dreamless torpor, from which,, toward morning, eho waa awakened by c heavy tramping of feci, in tho corridor. A moment after ber husband entered. lie was attired in the Eussinn military clcalr, and bis hand was on his sword. '? Get up," he eaid, impatiently; " I want you to come out with me.* I have ordered the sledge." - "Why should I got up nfc this hour? It is only just daylight, and I Bin very tired." u I am sorry yon are bo tired, but I want you to come to tho barrack?." Eomembering the order she had heard given over night, Mm?. Avd3c.il turned y alo at the mention of the word barracks. Twenty .irnca eho felt an indefinite desire rising np within her to throu hcreell into his arms and beg of him to b9 mercifui; bnt ho locked so implacable that her courage died away, and she feared that any interest she might show for Vanca would only stilt farther prejudice his chances of,eecapp. Wrapping her long, bluofcx fur mantle around her, Bbe told him sho was ready. Ho looked to seo if she had forgotten anything. Hor handkerchief lay ou the tabic, and as ha handed it to her his attention was attracted by jlctccti de scl volatile. .' Wc may want this," he eaid, and slipped it into her pocket. "What do you mean?" she said, turn ing suddenly; U aro you noing to murder me?'1 i , " To murder you 1": he replied, laughing i cynically; " wbat nonsense I" . , I And half pushing her before hito, they-de-1 Ecended the staircase'. Sho tried several times to resist him, but ho got her into" the. sledge. , i To the barracks," he cried to tho coach man, as he eat down beside hia v?IEo and arranged the rugs. During the drivo neither spoke a jword. Hia face wa3 clouded in a sort of sullen moodiness, and terrified sho looked down the dazzling perspectives of the outlying streets. The barracks were situated at tho end of tho eastern suburb. Tho horses cantered briskly, and,soon a large building appeared. It stood Blone; all round stretched tho white expanse of the steppes; and the sledge passed a largo gateway into the barrack-square, which had been cleaved of snow.' The ollloer who was waiting to reoeive tbem helped the count to descend. Mme. Ardloff was told to remain seated. Immediately after, a trumpeter blow a call and a file of men marched to within a few yards of the sledge and .formed themselves into a double linp. " Front rank, qniok march," cried, the officer. When they bad gone eight paees, he cried, ''Haiti" and then gave the order, " Eight-about turn." ' T. ? Vanca was thon led foitb. He walked be tween two Boldier?. Ho was naked to the waist, and behind him came tho executioner. Ha carried in his hand a barbarous knout, and over hia shoulder dangled its seven cruel lashep. In Euasia 8n officer of tho army cannot bs flogged, but ho oan be degraded to tbe ranks in twenty-four hours. This is what happened in the present case. Vanca was now a common soldier, and was waiting to receive the fifty lashes to which be bad been sentenced. And the fashion of administering the knout in Russia is as follows : The condemned man is forced to walk between two files of soldiers; before him, holding a sword pointed at bis breast, is an officer, who steps backward with a slow and precisepaoe, wbich regulates the strokes which tbe executioner administers. So terrible are the loaded thonga, armed at the end with sharp iron hooka, that at the tenth or eleventh blow even tho most robuet fall fainting to the ground. Sometimes, however, the execu tioner is merciful and kills the victim out righi; but more often he is forbidden to strike with his fall force, and tho mangled being is carried to a hospital and cured of hia wounds ; and this is repeated until he has reoeived his full punishment. Suoh ia Evissia-and for Vanca all was now prepared; the soldiors stood in a line, the executioner twirled hia' laehos, only an ctlicer to lend the way remained to be appointed. It was for Count Ardloff to do this. Ke looked around; there were half-a-dozen men standing around him, any of whom might have boen cho33n. A? he glanced from one to the other, hi3 attention was attracted by a man who from a doorway at the other end of the barrack-yard, was eagerly watching. " Who is that man ?.' asked the count. The man was called. It was Vanca'e brother. " What are you waiting about tbe doorway for ?" " I was waiting to see if your excellency, would pardon my poor brother," replied the Pole. " Pardon your poorbrother," said Count Ardloff with a bitter Eneer ; " I will show you howl pardon. Draw your Bword and lead the way, and take care yon don't walk too fast." Alter one deep, questioning look, which told him that tho Eussian meant to be obeyed, he broke his sword across his knee, i and said, as be burled the pieces scornfully aside : " Do with me ss you will, but I will not serve a country inhabited by barbarians and governed by fiends." Even the Cossacks exchanged glances of sympathy, and bad they known the whole truth, it wr9 not impropable that they mightbava revolted. Suffice to eay, tbatfor 1 a moment Mmo. Ardloff feared ior her bus band's safety. But his fierce brutality dominated his soldiers, and tho elder Vanca was manacled and a heavy guard placed ever him. . The soene that then presented itself was this: Two files of soldiers, Count Ardloff commanding, stern and implacable; one brother half naked and bleeding, the other in irons ; a pale woman with agony written in ber iftoe, wrapped up in furs, and a pair of horio:j iBiiBcbirg' in their nose bags, uu- j cocjcious of 6Ui;l.t eke. j The "officer took anc-tlnr step bask; Ifcc | seven thongs whirled in tbo air, sad again tore into red fnrrowB tbo lacerated ilosh. As Vasca staggered forward, bis face convulaed with pain, his eyes fixed on Mme. Ardlofi, 2nd they ssked, with a terrible eloquence, " Ob, why did you betray 120 ?" Her arms wcic clasped, and in heremotion: having lest all power of utterance, she strove to send forth ker soul to tell him of how in nocent she was. Then another blow fell, and tbo blood squirted horribly, and the flesh bung ragged. It was sickening, and from sheer horror end nausea JIme. Ardlcfi fainted. Hat it was her hus'oand's intention that- she should witness, to the end, the re venge he had so carefully prepared, and diving his band into the pocket of her mantle, he produced the bottle oi scl volatile. With thi3 he q.Sckly restored lier to con EciousnesB, and then sua beard him saying: - " Awake, awake, for I wish yoa to see how I punish these who insult me.": Vcinca hf.d now received nico strokes. Kc was bat a raw mass of quivering flefb. Hope less and faintly, like one in a nightmare, Mtne. Ardlr ii strove to speak, until at last the worda long denied her rose to her lips, but th'ey cams too late., and, mad \?Uh psin, the tortured man, .with a whirling, sta&c.; iot; motion, precipitated himself on to I the drawn Bwcrd, and fell on to the ground a corpse. ' ! This was unexpected. Thsro were hurried ! words, and a trampling of feet, and a deep silence, but Mmc. AralcfE remembered little. The imprecations the elder brother hurled after h?ras she was driven away sounded dim j and indistinct in her ears during the long days of delirium which followed this double tragedy, for oa arriving homo sho saw her husband make out tho order for Vanao's transportation to the mercery mine?. She pleaded and prayed wildly, but tho count only Etailsd grimly in reply to her hysterical supplications.: It seemed to her that the heaven should fall to crush, that the earth should open to receive, so inhuman a monster. Sho raised . her . liandf», sho screamed madly, her thoughts danced before : her, failed and then there was a blank; and during several weeks, for her, Time stood still. - . Slowly her senses returned to hsr; dim through a mist, through a heavy torpor, th^t held hor powerless and inert-they returned to her, and with them earoe the ghastly remembrance c-f a terrible j crime. Tho subject was never alluded to. I The affair was hushed up ; but time could j neither blot nor tear this cruel p3go out of j Maie Ardloff'slife. Her only consolation was the certitude that r.o pain waa in store for her preater thau elie cspc-riecced, when, years after, in a ball-room at S'. Telersbnrg, Count Yauca, an old man with long white hair, and a life's sorrow on his face, eeiil to her: " Madame, I hope you children tire very well.'! ' 