The Disguised Heir. CHAPTER XIV. TH_ SHILLING " SHOCKS»." Viva was very cold ; she ran at the top of her speed down the remainer of the slope, and soon she was on the level «ward. She still continued to run, hoping thus to warm herself. Soon a glow of heat came over her ; she felt more cheerful, now that she was warmer. Still the clouds were very black, they hung low and threatened snow. Yes, she conld not doubt it. Should she retrace her stspB and give up the pleasure of reading that shilling "shocker?" She hesitated, and Anally did an unwise thing j she ran the risk of being caught in the snowstorm, went forward bravely, and did net turn back, even when a slight springling of snow began to fall. Bafore long she was in a country lane, and half an hour's brisk walking brought her to the village of Walcot, where there was a railway junction, a good sized station and a book stall. Viva went up to the stall in eager quest of a shilling noveL There were several lying about, she opened two or three, and at length fixed on one called " An Unbidden Guest." It seemed a deliciously exciting tale, with a ghost and a murder, and a passionate, romantic love story running through it, like a murmuring brook flowing in a deep valley between giant mountains. " Oh, yes, this will 'do," said Viva, to the small boy, in a tone of exultation ; then she joyously paid her shilling and left the station. The snow was still falling, and a little faster than before. " Still, I don't think it will be much. I shall certainly have time to get home. I can walk three miles and a half in less than an hour." This might have been true enough on level ground, but Viva forgot the steep ridges »n the downs that she would have to climb, The lane was rough walking, but that did not signify. Viva felt that the exercise would do her good ; the worse was that the snow began to come down more thickly and rapidly. Viva felt dazzled and very cold; her heart sank when she thought of the downs and the ridges she must climb. If it grew dark she would not be able to tell which part of them to ascend. Still, if she hnrried it would not be dark, she hoped, .before she had climbed them all. The snow came on thickly. Soon she was on the downs, having reached them ata point where there was a sign post standinir with outstretched arms like a ghost in the gloom. This was the road ; Viva knew it quite well. But the snow ! Well, it was coming down now in a com- plete whirl, and the effect was terribly dazzling. The girl's head seemed to be spinning round ; she kept on in the direction of those deep ridges which led toward the village of Derrywcod. She walked on, on, on ; the ground was white, the snow was already deep, the gloom was awful; it was soon as black as night. How was it she did not reach the first steep place ? Could she-could she be (Talking in a wrong direction ? Tales of people lost in the snow, found dead and frozen ia the morning, crowded into her mind. Her heart sank. It was impossible to walk fast in that deep snow, so that soon her feet were numbered with cold. A dangerous desire to give up, lie down and go to sleep came over her. Life, hitherto, had not been a very gay affair for Viva. True, she had youth and she bad beauty ; and out there, in that busy world of which she knew so little, might be hearts and minds akin to her own ; there must be at least a little happiness for her if she could find it. - But she might never find it. Percy Godfrey was dead, and he had loved her, she was almost sure that he had really loved her. No, she would not give way. Death was for the old and the sick, for those who had failed in the game of life and been conquered in the battle thereof. It was not for those whose energies were strong, whose hopes were in the bud, who had not suffered as yet the untold bitterness of defeat ! Let her live! she had not yet spent twenty years upon this earth; let her live. But even as she strove to walk on faster she slipped upon the snow. Stay, was that a light? a red light glowing through the darkness and the sweeping snow storm ? Viva grasped the whole of the perilous position in an instant. Yonder red light seemed to promise warmth, shelter, human sympathy. So young to die ! So young to give up before the battle had even begun in earnest, while all the hopes of youth were as yet unfulfilled, not disappointed ! Yes, let her strain every effort to reach that light, for it means rescue, hope, comfort. She struggled on, but as she struggled the light seemed now and then to flicker and fade. It never went ont quite, but the wind went howling and now and anon »furious gale swept over the downs and scattered the snow, which was growing into ridges and mounds. Once the moon shot ont from the bosom of a dense cloud ; the the heavens Beemed to kindle into lambent flame The light was at once glorious and ghastly, for the snow covered the earth like a white sheet laid over the dead, and the moon seemed to the excited fancy of Viva like a lamp hung in some vast oathe- j dral, where the corpse of a monarch or a hero was lying in state. Her braiu whirled; the fantastic thought took hold of the child ; she could not separate the dream from the reality. Somebody was lying dead ; the white covered him, the great white sheet and yonder was the pale lamp in the chamber of death. Viva stood still and shivered. The red light glowed out brightly now, and seemed peace to her but her limbs felt frozen, heavy, stiff, almost use- less ; she could not move them. Then, suddenly, a voice called to her through the storm. She did not know were it a dream or a reality. " Hullo !" said the voice. Viva looked np to see whence the sound pro- ceeded. There was a black object standing within a few feet of her on the white ground ; the moon's rays fell full upon it. Behold, it was a close car- riage, drawn by a couple of horses, and the voice which had said, " Hullo !" was the voice of the coachman. "Hullo!" Baid the.coaehman. "Have you lost your way?" Before Viva could answer, the window of the carriage was let down, and a head was thrust out, the head of an elderly man in a skull cap. " Who is it ?" said a hoarse, rasping voice. " I have lost my way." Viva could hardly speak j her' voice sounded weak and wailing through the storm. The man in the skull cap opened the door of his carriage, stepped out and walked straight np to Viva, then stood still.. He was a tall, but stooping old man, wearing a long fur cloak or coat ; the long soft fur gleamed in the moonlight. " Where do you want to go ?" The question was asked in a harsh voice. "To Derry wood-to Rodwell House." " Oh, that's a school, isn't it ?" "Yes,"«aid Viva meekly. " I have been to get a book. I lost my way." " Oh," Baid the old gentleman, and there was a mocking emphasis in his tone. "Well, I should think you must be cold." "Deadly cold," said Viva, shivering. "Will you put mo into the right road for Derry wood ? I will thank you from my heart if yon will." " The question is whether you have got a heart mademoiselle, to thank me with. I am an old fellow ; I have been a good deal about the world» and I never believe muoh in people having hearts.'» " Well if you have the least mite of one you will put rae in your carriage and drive me to Derry wood ? " Then I haven't the least mite of a heart, made- moiselle, for I will not drive you to Derrywood, not yet ; but if you will step into my carriage I will see if I can make yon warm ; I have a hot water tin for your feet." " Oh, thank you ; but where will you take me ?" | " Do you iee that red light there ?' " Yes," said Viva ; " I have been trying to reach it, it seems to me, for hours." " Well, that's Brentwood, the seat of Sir Charles Dashwood ; that red lamp hangs over the entrance of the gates. I am going there to a dinner party, and you must come into the house and they must warm you and give yon some food.. Why, you are nearly frozen to death." As he spoke he took her cold hand into his warm well gloved palm. " Thank you," said Viva. She felt now that all was over. Everything was known in the picturesque gossip- ing place. Miss Dashwood, the second belle after Marian Godfrey (who was the first), knew Viva, the pretty pupil teacher, well by sight. Once she had spoken to her at a school treat. Soon all the people in the mansion, all the guests, would know that this girl had been found wandering at night on the downs in a snow storm. The Misses Baker would hear of it, and she would be expelled. She stepped into the carriage, tbankfnl for warmth and shelter ; so thankful that she did not seem to care much for the Misses Baker and their wrath. I " Put you feet upon the tin," said the old gentle, man, " and let mo brush the snow off you ; now I'll wrap you in this rug." The horses turned about ; the old man settled himself in a corner of the carriage and went fast aBleep. Somehow, Viva could not feel half gratefu enough to him, although he had saved her life : he had such an unpleasant way of conferring a benefit. Those horses took the strangely assorted pair, in less than ten minutes, right opposite to the great gates of Brentwood Park, where the red lamp swung like a beacon light. Tho coachman whistled, the gates were opened» the carriage rolled along the avenue under the leafless trees. Then it drew np in front of a tall, imposing- looking house ot the Georgian era. There were lights in nearly all the windows. The old man awoke with a start. " Bless my heart," he grunted ; " and there is to be o dance afterward in the evening. All the world and his wife will be there, all the belles and all the beaux; we used te call them beaux when I was young. Are yon warmer, mademoiselle ?" " Yes, almost warm, thank you ;" and Bhe added, " You have really saved my life." "Well, if ifs worth saving that something," said the old man. "Anyhow, it is worth something to me," said Viva. " Is it, eh P I suppose so. You are young, you see, and you might marry a duke." " Or a Czar," said Viva, who, though this old man had saved her life, had conceived a dislike to him. " Well, now give me yonr hand," said the gentle- man, who had left the carriage. "Now step out; come up the steps." The hall door was open. Viva went in. Such a lovely hall : pictures, armour, carvings, marble floor, red velvet carpots, a great fire blazing under a huge oaken mantelpiece. O ut of several doors which opened into this grand room trooped numbers of ladies in the love- liest evening toilets; young men also. Among them was Churchill Godfrey. i ? 