THE CAMPAIGNER. THE "CHARGE" OF THE STRIKE BRIGADE. The board appointed to inquire au to whether Colonel Price ever used language calculated to prevent a breach of the peace, as alleged by the strike committee, com menced its sittings last week, and has con tinued BO to sit, with the necessary in tervals for rest and refreshment. On ttie first day, before proceeding to business, the chairman, Mr. Nicolson, read the following letter " 159 Spring-street, 22 | 10 | 90.-Ur. William Maloney, M.P., has a letter dated October 16 "from Mr. C. H. Nicolson, requesting his attendance," &c.; Now Mr, Nicolson ought to know that when a stump orator Bets op to deliver on address his sole object is to make points. If an orator were to be confined within the narrow and re stricted lines of truth, there would be no oration. Great public speakers, like artists, areaccorded a certain amountof poeticlicense, and if things are not there, why they fill them in. At the time Mr. William Maloney, St. P., made his oration the doings of Colonel Price were in the air, and it was Mr. Maloney'a bueinees to clutch them. The orators who had spoken before Mr. William Maloney, M.P., bad aroused great enthusiasm by means of their artistic fictions about Colonel Price. This was the first Mr. Maloney, M.P., had heard of this matter, and he therefore determined to see the preceding orators "one better," and said some things about Colonel Price's late father which he evolved from the inuer depths of hiB moral conscious ness. on the spur of the moment, to which Mr. William Maloney, M.P., con siders Colonel Price can have no objection, knowing that it is part of Mr. Maloney's creed that there is no call for a man to honour his father or mother (even if he knows who they are) in this great land. Mr. William Maloney, M.P., thinks it is impos-, sible to deny that it is part of his duty as a member of Parliament to complain on all occasions of tyrannous acts of public officers, -especially those who draw their emoluments out of the public money of the country, and that is the reason he intended to denounce the action of the Chief Justice, but in the press of business it escaped his memory. Mr. Maloney, M.P., desires to call the attention of the board to the meaning and derivation of the words "lay them out." From his school dictionary Mr. Maloney, M. P., gathers that Colonel Price de sired to spread on a surface " cer tain persons on the outside" of the crowd, and that his direction to " fire low " was simply a blind. Ciearly, therefore, his desire was to spread on a surface those whose natural positions would have been in the rear, or "outside " of the crowd, doing their duty by urging it on to valorous deeds, and that in all human probability Mr. Maloney, M.P., Mr. Hancock. Mr. Trenwitb, Mr. Marphy, &c.;, would have been so placed. Mr. Maloney, M.P., in assuming this position, is fortified by historical precedent The war-like Duke of Plaza-Toro, in the " Gondoliers," whose bull-dpg courage no one doubts, relates of himself that " In enterprise of martial kind, When there was any fighting, He led bis regiment from behind lie found it Ji»s exciting; But when away bi6 regiment ran, His place was at the fore, 0 ! That celebrated. Cultivated, Underrated, Duke of PUu-To{o. In the first and foremost flight, Ha 1 ha S You always found that Knight, ha! ha! That unaffected, Well-connected, Warrior, The Duke of Plaza-Toro." As may be inferred from the lines quoted above, Mr. Maloney, M.P., will not attend the board." Colonel Price claimed that he could make Mr. Maloney appear ander a penalty ot £20, but in order to do so he would have to engage the service of a professional foot runner to catch him, and even then he was not sure whether Mr. Maloney would not out strip hia pursuer. When the honourable gentleman considered it beet to avoid facing the result of hia actions, the Duke of Plaza Toro was a fixture in feomparison. Mr. David Bennet, examined by Captain Taylor,-I desired Colonel Price dismissed on information received through anonymous letters, and one signed by a Mr. Andrews. I thought that'quite sufficient grounds for dis missing anyone opposed to us. Here is Mr. Andrews's letter:-" Mr. David Bennet-Sir, -Several persouB and myself were having drinks about midnight on the 3rd, in the Hole and Corner Hotel, The others had all shouted in turn, aud 1 lost count of the 'rounds,' We were a bit excited (you know how it is yourself) when I fancied I heard someone say that someone else bad heard it mentioned that Colonel Price had remarked to the Mounted Riflemen 'aim low and lay the {bad word which I will not pollute my penby writing) out' I fainted, and when memory returned to me at daylight, I wrote this letter." Captain Taylor.-Do you think the bad word was intended for Mr. Maloney, M.P. ? / Witness.r-I do not. Mr. Maloney is too much Q[ a gentleman to be where there is any fighting. It is the practice ot the Trades hair never to' tftfce notice of anonymous letters except those containing £500 cheques and money, or in which charges ate directed against our enemies. I live on notoriety, and I find it very pleasant. It makes you feel you are somebody when yon are pointed at as the "the great agitator." I think the expreaBion "aim low and lay them out" a terrible one. Captain Taylor.-Do you not know that the .words " aim low" are in the regula tions? Witness.-Oh ! in that case then I object to " lay them out." I don't know wby I object to the words, but I do. If " lay them ou'/' is in the regulations I withdraw my objection. It was not so much (he words after all, but the way in which somebody said they heard Botnebody say that Colonel Price uttered them. You see 110 one 011 the other side would say anything we could get hold of, and it was a godsend when the rumour about the Colonel was started. Of course it was added to here and there, and we soon dreBsed it up into something pretty bloodthirsfy. That's where the paid public orator comes in. We must do something for our money. I would not have fired over their heads, and I would not have fired low. I Bliould ha ye fired just middling like, so as not to hurt anybody's feelings. I am always very careful about that I .have no evidence in support of the accusation against Colonel Price except what I have stated. Anonymous letters and rumour, I take it, are quite sufficient to ground any charge on. Mr. W. E. Murphy {examined)-I moved the resolution in the letter sent to the Minister ot Defence. I know of no witnesses and nothing of the matter except what I read in the papers. That seems to an un- prejudiced mind ample facts to go on. If I had been Colonel Price I should have resigned at once on far less grounds than that. There's nothing flimsy about our evidence. I live by speaking, and it doesn't do to be too nice: I know that 15 minutes must elapse after reading the Riot Act before the order can be given to fire, but I've known cases where it was not done. I can't tell you now where, but I've heard someone say, or read it somewhere. I may have dreamt it. As an old rifleman, I should have fired mediam-like, betwixt and between. The report of the Ordnance Board, stating that I had repeatedly and improperly received full payment for time when I had been absent from duty, was untrue, and was meant to damage my reputation, but it didn't and couldn't. I was testing all sorts of things round Melbourne for Colonel Scratchley. Captain Taylor.-Did you like them ? Witness.-I don't know what you mean. My charges are based on anonymous letters and hearsay, and what Mr. Bennet and the others told me. If Mr. Hancock or Mr. Trenwith communicate anything to me I at once know it to be true. We trust each other implicitly; it would destroy all con- fidence if we did not. If I tell them any thing they believe it in turn. That's the beauty of our organisation. As the poet sings " Our taste exact For faultless fact Amounts to a disease." We never doubt each other's word, in public. That's how we came to know such a lot about what's going on on the other side, and how the press is being subsidised by the Employers' Union. Captain Taylor.-Would you have believed that Colonel Price said " Up guards and at 'em?" Witness.-Certainly, if Mr. Hancock or Mr. Trenwith had said so. Ciptain Taylor.-Or " Now lads, a peerage or Westminster Abbey ? " Witness.-Yes, if I had sufficient anony- mous authority or I had read it pencilled on a hoarding. Captain Taylor.-Did you read the Govern- ment proclamation ? Witness.-No, I never read proclamations. I write 'em. Colonel Price, I believe, told his men they would have to charge. I don't know how Mounted Riflemen would charge very well. That doesn't concern me, except as another whopper against the Colonel. If I had heard he told them they would have to stand on their saddles like circus performers, and lay them out in that position, I should have credited it. I am very careful as to what I believe. Captain Taylor read the following letter from Colonel Smith to Colonel Price " Dear Sir,-As my informant will not allow me to give up his name, and as he came from my electorate, and was the only one present when Colonel Price addressed his men, and as Mr. Snowball was that one present, and has denied publicly ever having said one word to me, there is nothing left tor me to do as an officer, and by act of Parliament a real gentleman, but to withdraw my charge. I may possibly have been mistaken as to the corporeal existence of a third person, as other historical people have been before me, as witness the recorded reply of Betsy Prig to Sairey Gamp, when the latter was sounding the praises of a Mrs. Harris. If you only knew the diffi- culty I have in trumping a certain tricky poli- tician's dodges you would not blame but pity me. I thought I knew a lot, but these young fellows are getting in some fine work almost unknown to me, and they stick at nothing. I had to give 'em a touch of my art-I am, dear boy, yours more in sorrow than anger, THE COLONEL (Nee the old original major), "P.S.-I've got a few good stories to tell you about Murphy, Hancock, and Co. when I meet you. Make you laugh." Lieutenant Gordon, examined.-I wrote the article about Colonel Price. I did it in a hurry, because I was short of matter and had to dish up something. I know Andrews. I found him in the bush, up a tree, living on opossoms and snakes. Had them bad; and in a weak moment I left him in charge of my paper while away. I got a telegram to return, and when I got back I found all the townspeople inside their bouses with the doors and windows barricaded, and Andrews on strike, going about the town with a revolver waiting to shoot the Mounted Rifles, and all my subscribers and advertisers and the Government. I put it down to the snakes and 'possums. I was told that at first he brought out extraordinaries twice a day announcing that the Alexandra miners had sent £15,000 to the strike fund when they had not sent 15d. This is some of the "immence and gratifying subscriptions" that so delighted the heart of Mr. Murphy, Andrews had withdrawn to the woods, where he said be intended entertaining Messrs. Murphy, Hancock, and Trenwith during their upcoming Country tour. He sits, I hear, on one end of the branches of a gum tree all day with and an old bell topper on, and says he will bring the employers to their knees in 24 hours. I believe Andrews intended standing for Parliament next election, and, imitating the methods pursued by candidates, thought in his dim, mysterious way at one swoop to secure the miners' and Trades-hall vote. Captain Taylor.-Do you, from your know- ledge of him, think he would have made a good member of the strike committee'' Witness.-Admirable. In such a r,oaili I he would have rivalled the triumvirate I had the advantage ot being able to c J out Hie views with the money unions. C&ptain; Taylor.-You think him qu:lte I sponsible tor his actions ? r~fl Witness.-Yes, cia responsible as Messrs I Captain Taylor.-That will do. Major-General Tallocb, examined.-[t the duty of Colonel Price to tell his men 9 aim low, so that onlookers-men like Mtl .Tames M'Kean, for instance-should not J hurt. I have never seen Colonel Smith"1* action, but have heard he is very terrible, « should think from what I have seen uf hi J that he would be ubleto get over the stowiM very quickly when pressed. ? Captain Taylor.-Is Colonel Price, iroi your knowledge of him, the man tousethl following words;-"Aim low and lively, especially it you know your creditor! are in the crowd?" 1 Witness.-I do not think that Colon;! Price would injureeventhehartnlessneceuarj creditor, unless be commenced to tttbepsol ceediuga. I Captain Taylor said there were 225 mo J witnesses ready to deny the statements atttil buted to Colonel Price. I The board thought that about a tenth woull perhaps be enough to convince the person! who bad made these charges that they wetl up a tree. The board noticed that since thJ investigation had commenced Messre. ttas| cock and Co. had gone up country for cimngj of air and scenery, and to explain how the! had won the strike hands down to the be] nighted country people. The whole ot thJ officers present od the occasion contradictel the allegations in tarn. | Veterinary-surgeon Snowball examined There was no other officer or man from ih< Ballarat district in barracks with ti> Mounted llitles except myself. They did no come till, a week later. Culnnel Smith mij have got his information from a man of hia own district present, but i must have been « ghost. It never dm for an M.i«. A. to . be too specific in bii charges. The board decided not to hear the oiba 200 witnesses, unless Messrs. Hancock an! Co. telegraphed down from their cuuntij retreat in the mallee scrub (where the) an teaching the parrots to cry " The strike i not over "), that they did not think the eri dence conclusive. Colonel Price, sworn.-I used the ten " lay out" in the same flense that the suta committee is trying to "layout" tbe en ploy era-to disable them, put them kurj combat. I never mentioned the lata troubles, and wonld just as soon have fixed on the Employers' Union or the mem bers of ibe Presbyterian Assembly bai I caught them rioting. The peopli of this country wonld have to fire veir Ion indeed to layont some creatures-whoehouk be nameless-using their Parliamentai] privileges as a shield behind which the] pelted their well-born neighbours with mad in the hopes that some ot it would stick, am make them, if not quite so black as tbi throwers, at least piebald. The board, hairing retired for half ad fioai returned at the end of that time witli tb following finding "We are unanimously of opinion ma Messrs. Maloney, Andrews, Bennet, Murpbj Hancock, and Trenwith have eocceedei beyond a shadow of a doubt in proving tot they made statements against Colonel Pric without the least foundation. We also fini that the dashes standing for worda unfit t< be used by gentlemen were originated by th orators a bore mentioned. We think tba Colonel Smith committed an error of jndg ment in naming his informant eo exactly and we caution him in the future. cannot take leave of Mr. William Maloaw M.P., without complimenting him on bii courage, discretion, and judgment. The future before this gentleman is, fortunate!) for him, priceless." 