THE STORYTELLER. Madame Leroux. By Mrs. Trollope. Chapter VII. For Mildred the sweet spring days immediately following Lady Charlotte's arrival had been un cloudedly delightful. Her attachment and admiration for her aunt increased daily; and in truth Lady Charlotte was always at her best with Mildred, and the pleasant placid life she had been leading with her dear old governess and her still dearer friend flowed on Lucy, too, recovered from the depression and anxiety which Lady Charlotte's coming had at first caused her. She felt, indeed — for she was too sensitive and quick sighted not to perceive it — that ehe had failed to attract her ladyship's approval. And she smiled in a rather melancholy fashion when Mildred declared, in all good faith, that she was sure Aunt Charlotte liked Lucy very much already, and would soon love her as much as the rest of the family loved her. But Lucy was content to compound for cool disregard, if only Lady Charlotte would leave her alone — if she were only not hostile ! ' Well, after all,' said Lucy confidentially to Miss Feltham one day, some three weeks after Lady Charlotte's arrival, 'you see there have been no changes made. I confess I was nervous.' The governess shook her head. Sh« was thinking of herself, and how the new regime would affect her. *' I hope all may continue to go on smoothly,' she said. ' But the Gaunt family are all very determined in following out their own ideas ; and I think — 1 may of couise be mistaken, but I think — that Lady Cbarlotte has some plan in her head about Mildred which — well, she will certainly carry it out, whatever Lucy's interview with her une'.e, Mr. Shard.- Chat-tee. VII. it is : so it is worse than useless to meet troubles half - wav, and to anticipate disagreeables.' ?? There ha* been no change,' Lucy had said. And yet she might have applied to Enderby Court the words of the poet's apostrophe to Rome, and have exclaimed Thou art no move As thou hast been! Sir Lionel was as kind aB ever, but she saw him far more rarely than formerly. The little services she had been in the habit of doing for him— copying, arranging papers, making extracts— were no longer performed in the library under bis own eye. Lady Charlotte sat with Sir Lionel in the library during that hour before luncheon, when the family had been wont to assemble there. And Lady Charlotte had caused it to be under stood that she considered the schoolroom the proper place for Miss Marstonto do her writing in. Lucy had been accustomed to deck the schoolroom gaily with fresh flowers, and had been allowed to gather freely for that purpose from conservatory and hothouse, as well as from the parterres in the garden on the south side of the house. But now Mr. Campbell, the head- gardener, informed her, with the utmost gentleness and civility — for Mr. Campbell was a kind man, and Miss Marston was a great favourite with him— that my leddy didn't just like having the exotics taken to fill the vases in the schoolroom- Lucy was used to dance along the stately corridors, and up or down the great staircase, with a light and careless step, often singing as she went. Now her gait was sobered, and her voice was hushed ; for one could never tell when that tall figure in its black robes, cashmere or silk, satin or velvet, according to the hour and season, but always black, might cotnfi sweeping out of some side-door, and strike b. chilly awe into the air. She had not returned to her uncle'd house since the morning when Mildred had brought her thence in triumph. But one morning, needing some articles of rf'.'othiup which had been left at Mr. ShardV, she to ik ihe opportunity of Mildred'* bsing ab-ent with Lidv Churloite on. an excursion in the neighbourhood, and wpnijdown to her uncle's hous?. Mrs. Shard was busied in taking down h?r hus band's flannel shirts from the lines Btretched across the garden where Mrs. Marston's standard roses had once flourished. ' La, Lucy, is that you?' said her aunt, panting and pressing one hand to her side, as with the other she dragged a heavy clothes-basket along the gravel path. ' Yes. Aunt Sarah. But is there no one to assist you ? Where is Betsey ? Let me help you to lift that basket ! ' ' Lucy ! Not likely ; and you in that French merino as good as new ! How did you come here ? Walking r'' ' No, Aunt Sarah. I had to fetch some clothes, and they sent me here in a pony-carriage.' ??Oh! Well you've not comeback to stav, at any rate. Let the basket be. Lucy. Betsey will be here directly. And if she isn't, that's not work for you. A pretty 'thing if the man that drove you from the Court was to see you lugging and hauling at a basket full of damp shirts!' It occurred to Lucy as odd that her aunt should ex Dress no unwillingness to be seen herself thus occupied. But she only laughed, and answered, ' I should not in the least mind his seeing me.' ' Ah ! There it is, Lucy !' rejoined her aunt, mourn fully shaking her head. ' Bat I should mind. And your uncle would be almost beside himself. Well, I'm glad you haven't come back to stay.' Lucy's face flushed for a moment ; and then, as the colour faded, she asked slowly, ' Should you find it so very disagreeable to have me here, AuntS'arah?' ' Oh, Lucy, you ought not to talk in that way ; agreeable and disagreeable, that's not the question. ; We've all got to do our duty, and not follow our sinful fancies. As to agreeable, whenever I'm particularly pleased about anything — it Jisn't often— I begin to be pretty sure there's somethiug wrong: in it.' With which cheerlul and inspiriting profession of faith Mrs. Shard put the last shirt into the basket, and, with the assistance of Betsey, who hid now appeared, carried it into the house. Lucy stood motionless in the midst of the untidy I garden. The paths were moss-grown. The beds were rank with weeds. Nearly all the flowers were dead ; and those which remained had lost their beauty, and taken a hopeless, straggling, broken-down air. A small summer-house, where Lucy could dimly remember sitting with the gentlewoman whom she had called mother, reading words printed in large black letters, from a book full of coloured pictures, had fallen into absolute ruin. A pretty rustic table which had stood there lay shattered on the floor, and the seat had been broken up for firewood. No one wanted the summer-house ; no one used it ; not a penny would be spent on keeping up anything so unprofitable. The sun shone brightly on the ruined garden ; and a email bird, perched on a lilac tree that overshadowed the summer-house, set up a joyous little warble. The tears gushed into Lucy's eyes. A sense of desolation came upon her, and she felt as if all the roses of her young life had withered. She hastily dried her eyes, and hid away her hand kerchief on hearing her aunt's voice calling to her. ' Lucy ! Lucy !' cried Mrs. Shard, appearing at the dr*wing-room window. 'Oh, do come in, Lucy! Think of keeping the servant from the Court, and the carriage, and the ponies, while you stand mooning there ! I cannot understand why you do it. I really cannot. And here's your uncle come in from the office. He wants to Bay a word to you.' ?' Oh, how d'ye do. Lucy?' said Mr. Shard. ' Just step into the parlour for a moment, will you ?' Lucy obeyed. Her uncle entered after her. Mrs. Shard was there already, selecting from a pile of garments such as needed buttons, or tapes, or any housewifely repairs. '* Well ! And how do you get on up yonder ?' said Mr. Shard, briskly. ?? Get on ? I - oh, very well.' ' Oh, you do ? Well, that's right, that's right. I fancied from Lidy Charlotte's manner— but that's all right: all right!' *' Have you seen Lady Charlotte, uncle?' asked j Lucy, witb innocently expressed surprise. I ' Oh, to be sure ! Oh dear, yes ! Seen her ! Rather ! What do you think of her ladyship walking in, and sitting herself down there on that sofa, and chatting for half an hour ? She hadn't mentioned it, h'ui ? Seen her! Oh, lord, yes!' ' Betsey was ironing, so I opened the door to her,' said Mrs. Shard. ' I knew in a minute who it was ; for I had seen her about in the village. But she didn't know me. 'Is your mistress at home?' she said. And when I told her I was Mrs. Shard, she was quite taken abick, and begged my pardon. I sent for your uncle ; for, of course, 1 am not used to entertain grand people. I have had hard duties all my life, and a struggle to get 'em done. But I always knew this world was a vale of woe, so 1 expected nothing better — that's one mercy '. ' '? Oh, yes,' resumed Mr. Shard. 'Her ladyship came in and sat herself down on that identical sofa, and talked for the best part of half an hoar, i gave her plenty of rops, of course — only just put in a word now and then to keep her going. And 1 think I've pretty well got her measure !' Mr. Shard chuckled inwardly, and puckered up his eyes with an expression of sly satisfaction. Lucy was lost in wonder at this act of condescension on the part of Lady Charlotte ; and tried, unsuccess fully, to picture her conversing for half an hour with Mr. and Mrs. Shard. ' Now I'll just give you a wrinkle or two, Lucy,' said Mr. Shard. ' You know the family better than I do, I grant ; and you've been brought up with Miss Enderby like a sister. (A. great advantage ! A won derful advantage for you, if you have the sense to play your cards well.) But all the same, you are very young. You know nothing of the world. Now, I am not very young ; and there are very few games that would surprise me. I know human nature.' ?' Ah-h-h ! ' murmured Mrs. Shard, not very dis tinctly, for she had a shirt-button in her mouth. ' The old Adam!' ' Yes : and the old Eve too ! Though she is a puzzler,' retorted Mr. Shard ; and creaEed up his face more than ever, in enjoyment of his own wit. Then all at once becoming perfectly serious, without any appre ciable stage of transition between mirth and gravity, he added, ' Look here, Lucy ! Lady Charlotte, in some way6, is a cleverer woman than her si.-ter— Lady Jane wasn't an eagle, exactly. But I'll tell you what ; she's a den I easier to— well, to gammon, than Lady Jane was.' Lucy remained silent for a moment. Then she said, in a low voice, ' I think you are mit- taken in supposing it would be easy to deceive Lady Charlotte. But, in any case, I need not consider that question, as I cer tainly have no intention of trying to deceive her.' ' Tut, tut ! Deceive her ! No ; of course you don't want to cheat her out of a five-pound note, nor to steal her wafch. No, no ; when 1 say she is more open to — well, to gammon, than Lady Jane, I simply mean that she has a tremendously high opinion of herself to be worked on. People of her sort are like the Irishman's pig, that could only be got to Limerick by persuading him he was being driven to Cork. Nine times out of ten you can make 'em believe they're going to Cork. Now I saw in a brace of shakes that Lady Charlotte would swallow any amount of koo-too taut » ou could administer to her. Yerv well ! I've no objection. She came in here with her bristles a little bit up ; I don't know why. Perhaps she didn't know why. It's as likely as not. But she went away sleek as eatin.' Then, very sharply and suddenly, '* How does she treat you ?' ' Treat me ! I have seen very little of Lady Char lotte. She does not come into the schoolroom.' ' I dare say ! But you are no fool. You can tell chalk from cheese when you like, as well as any gill of your years that I know. Is Lady Charlotte pleasant and* affable when you do meet her F In a word, is her manner kind to you ?' '? Not very,' answered Lucy, after an instant's hesitation. To an ingenuous young nature, the question direct is almost irresistible, and draws out the truth as a magnet doc* the needle. ' Ah ! Not very kind r That's exactly what I guessed ; bo you see I wus pretty keen-t-ighted, eh 'i Now I'll tell you why she hasn't bern so kind to you as the rest of the family are ; the reason is that she is jealous.' ; ' Jealous ? Oh, Uncle Jacob, excuse me, but that is really absurd ! ' ' Fair and softly ! There's various kinds of jealousy. Lady Charlotte wants to be Al with everybody— first with Sir Lionel, first with her niece, first with the scullery-maid and the cowboy. She finds you here a ready-made favourite. Well, she doesn't like that. She finds Miss Mildred very fond of you, and praising you up to the skies ; and she doesn't like that. Thirdly, you haven't koo- too'd to her enough, and she doesn't like that.' j Lucy was unspeakably pained ; all the more that she recognised some grains of truth in what Mr. Shard said. Still, she was sure that he took a distorted view of the case. ' Indeed, Uncle Jacob,' she said, eagerly, 'it is not like that. Of course I have been properly respectful to Lady Charlotte ; and, of course, she does net desire servility. It would revolt her.' ' Would it ?' interpolated Mr. Shard, shutting one eye and elevating the opposite eyebrow. 11 1 mean, of course, my being at the Court can make no difference to her, any more than if I were a pet spaniel. She— she has not taken a liking to me. I can see that. But it will make little difference. 1 am too insignificant for Lady Charlotte to bestow much attention on me. That is all.' There was a pause, during which Mr. Shard ap- I peared to meditate, with his thumbs stuck into the - armholep of his waistcoat, his legs stretched out before -? him, and his face turned up towards the ceiling, as he leaned back in bis chair ; and Mrs. Shard droned on iu one of her peculiar soliloquies— a kind of hortus siccus of words, with all the sap and colour dried out of them. ' It's what we must all make an account to endure. I This is a world of sorrows, and nobody's free. The high have their troubles the same as the low, which gives the believer a peace of inind that passes all un derstanding.' Mr. Shard withdrew his eyes from the ceiling, sat upright, struck his open hand two Of three times ? lightly, but sharply, on the table, and said : m ' Now, Lucy, attend to me. I'm going to give you I good advice. That's all I have to give, but it's valu- ? able, if you have the sense to take it. You must flatter ? Lady Charlotte, and wheedle her, and put your pride in I your pocket, or else the good days at Enderby Court I are all over for yon. Do you understand ? I can't have ? you quarrelling with the people at the Court !' ? 'Quarrelling!' Lucy burst out, aghast at the ? word. ? ' Let me finish. I can't waste my time. I left off m in the middle of some office business on purpose to I come in and talk to you. It won't suit me for you to ? lose the favour of the Court. We should all be under I a cloud together if you were to displease them.' m ' How can I help it ? What can I do ?' murmured m Lucy. The tears had by this time overflowed her eyes, ? and her quivering lips were nearly beyond her control, M in spite of the strong effort she made to cominand m them. : ? ' I'll explain what you can do. You can behave as m if you thought Lady Charlotte Gaunt was the pivot on (I which everything turns in Enderby Court— or in the jfl Universe if you like ! You can't overdo it. You must 9 be humble and patient. If you are a little afraid of 9 her in reality, no harm in that. In fact, all the better. ? But let her see it. Don't cknlk off, and be shy ; out of m sight, and out of mind. It isn't too late yet to bring ? her round, if you will make the effort. But it will ? cost an effort, because the first impression has been an ja unlucky one.' -M All this Mr. Shard said with an intent and frowning m face, emphasising the clauses of his speech with sharp urn raps of hi* open palm on the table. Then, rising to his j I feet, he added, in a lighter and more good- humoured \m tone : jfl ' Come, come, L.ucy, pluc- up a spirit ! I'll back 9 your witu again«t my lady's, if you give them fair play. 9 Goud-b\e, my dear. Don't be downcast! Lord bless 9 me, some jrirls have to fight their battles all alone ; and 9 hue, you have me to help you and give you a hint at 9j any moment. Good-bye, my dear. I must be off. {? ? And Lucy'— turning round waggishly, wiih bis hand I on the knob of the door — ' don't forget to let her fancy I she'*; going to Cork 1 Ha, ha, ha. Good- bye, my dear I child. Tell her she's going to Cork, and you may drive I her anywhere!' I Chajteb VIII. I It was at half-past G o'clock in the evening. Some | clouds which had overspread the sky as the sun de ll dined made the spring twilight duskier than usual. A ? bright fire burnea in the schoolroom. It was the in ? terval of repose before dressing for dinner. Active ? occupations were suspended. It was too dark to see to B read within the room, and yet there was still eo much m gray daylight outside the windows as made the idea of I. the lamp seem impertinent. It was a lazy, pensive, ? pathetic hour, euch as affectn gome natures with melan ? choly, like the chiming of distant bells. ? Miss Fellham was not much susceptible to such ? influences. She w .s only melancholy when she had a tonic real cau?e to make her so, she was fond of saying Jj — with an implied assumption of superiority over those M vague pereous who were made melancholy by causes ? which they could not clearly define. She was not B melancholy at this moment, for the work of the day ,1 was done ; sbc was reposing in her own special chair, ;S and she was listening, with closed eyes, to Lucy, as she '9 softly played remembered fragments of Beethoven, wan ? dering on from one to another, and binding- them together -l with an instinctive touch of art. Miss Feltbam's S consciousness plunged from timo to time into that de ft licious dreamy state which is the nearest possible iff approach to knowing that you are asleep and enjoying in it! She was just losing the sense of enjoyment, and i|| was falling asleep in earnest, when the sound of a ijj subdued and measured voice woke her as effectually as M if it had. been the peal of a trumpet. The voice was Ijjf Lady Charlotte's, and it &aid;, quietly : ?tt '? You have no lights here yet.' ':*j Lucy, in cheer nervousness, started up from the '?t- piano like a delected culprit. |! ' Oh, Aunt Charlotte, is that you ? ' cried Mildred. II Mildred v.as the only person in the house absolutely if free from awe or subjection in her aunt's presence. ;[ ' Oh, do come in ! This is delightful ! You are just ; I; in time to hear Lucy play.' She took her aunt's li hflnd and drew her towards the seat opposite to Miss ;| Feltbam's. 'No lamps yet, please. It still wants it half-au -hour to dressing-time. Let us be happy and l' lazy. 1 love music in the twilight— don't you ? Go 1 1 cn,*Lucy.' | Lucy stood perfectly sti 1 beside the piano. Miss i'1 Feltham half rose, and offered her chair to the visitor. ij ' No, no; I will not allow you to move, Miss i FeltbatD.' said Lady Charlotte in her low, guttural I tones. ' 1 am quite happy here,' and ebe took the 1 ; seat her niece had indicated. :* There was a short silence, while Mildred nestled down V on the rug near her aunt. Then she called out again, 8 ?« Go on playing, Lucy ! Why do you stand there like 1 a ghost ?' I ' Perhaps it may disturb Lady Charlotte,' answered I L Lucy, hesitatingly. | Mildred laughed as *he exclaimed, ' Lucy is such a I goose sometimes! You wouldn't believe, Aunt Char | lotte, that she is as diffident about what she can do as if % she were a perfect dunce.' Then, in a lower, confi I denial tone, ' She does play eo beautifully! You will I hear.' m Lucy lingered a second, as if she thought that Lady if Charlotte might yet say some gracious and encouraging if word. Hone came, and the girl Bat down to play with | a pain at her heart. She played that lovely little I melody from Schumann's '* Kinderscenen ' which the I , composer has named ' Erinnerung,' and she played I ' with an intensity of feeling that astonished her new * . hearer, I ' Now. is that not lovely, Aunt Charlotte?' said li Mildred.' I 1 ' You have an unubual amount of expression,' said I : Lady Charlotte. Tho words were words of praise, but if the tone in which they were uttered was so indescrib fl ably— almost insolently— cold and indifferent that Lucy ft felt something like a physical chill IK - « Oh, but, you haven't half heard her yet, Aunt IP Charlotte!' 'cried Mildred, delighted. 'That is jjl charming, but of course it is only a pimple little piece; |P «ho can play tuoro brilliant t&ings.; Go on, Lucy!' (I) Lucy sat like a statue. -jg 'Liicv! Are you asleep :' p 'No,* dour; but I do not think Lady Charlotte I wishes me to piny atrain.' The gathering twilight I veiled Lucy's flashed cbeekand glittering eyes, but I there was a thrill in her voice which told of emotion. I' In a word, her temper was roused— she was indignant. §?? Not an intonation of Lady Charlotte's disdainful voice I had escaped her; sho understood her words and her I 6ilenco equally well. This treatment \ras not only i' ungenerous, but flagrantly unjust. She resolved that W her fingers should not draw another sound from the in \\\\- strument iu Lady Charlotte's presence, except at Lady li Charlotte'6 express request. |i This was not only imprudent enough to have made I 1 Mr. Shard tear his bair at such folly, could he have } ; known of it, but it was, of course, unbecoming a model f j young lady. Poor Lucy was far enough from being a I r model ; she was capable of hot anger and of strong I resentment. f 'Oh, really ! This is too funny ! ' said Lady Char \ lotte, languidly. She, too, perfectly understood the f little duel that was going on. Bug Mildred did not '? understand it at all. ! 'Of course, elie wishes vou to p'ay again! Don't i you, Aunt Charlotte? flow can you be so silly, i Lujy?' said Mildred. I Lucy did not stir. ' The elder woman felt that this kind of Etrnggle of f obstinacv, such as might have taken place between two j schoolgirls, was too undignified for her to persist in. h She had so much the superior position that she could I j lose nothing by yielding. I ' Miss I.ucy Marston, will you be eo very obliging I . as to play once more V I hope that is sufficiently cate I gorical ?'' she said, with a little laugh, which made [ k the words sting like whipcord. | 'What shall I play?' asked Lucy, in a quivering I voice. I 'What can you play ?' returned Lady Charlotte. t ' 1 suppose you know nothing of the great modern K schools of pianoforte music ?' I ' As for instance ?' answered Lucy, still in a glow I of indignant anger. |i ' Brahms, for instance ! ' [j Without a word Lucy dashed into the Ballade in D. Ih by that composer. And although it is to be feared that IT temper was answerable for several wrong notes, it un !!' douttedly imparted considerable spirit to the perform - I unce. I 'There, Auit Charlotte!' exclaimed Mildred, I ' radiant with affectionate pride in her friend. ? iff 'You have very considerable dispositions, as the 1 French eay, for the pianoforte. 'Of course, there is % some want of finish,— of school. Who has taught Hi you?' said Lady Charlotte, in the name distant tone i. of boredom that she had spoken in before. f 'I grounded her,' Miss Feltham declared, com 1 placently. ' I don't profess to be a brilliant pianist, I but I did ground her thoroughly. She has only had a I few finishing lessons from the music-master at S- ? ' p* (naming the county town). ; ' Really !' murmured Lady Charlotte. § Then 'with the air of a person whose patience and \- condescension have been tried to the utmost, and who i turns for refreshment to a more coneenial subject, ehe i said, ' And now, Mildred, let me hear you play.' ' Me ! Oh, Aunt Charlotte, I am not worihlistening ^to.' : ' My dear child, you are worth my listening to. Do you suppose I came'here to be amused as at a concert ? I I want to put you through your paces; to find out l: where you stand.' I 'Oh! Very veil, Aunt Charlotte. Let me see! I ( only know one piece by heart; that piece Lucy taught ( me, von know, Elfy.' I And Mildred sat down obediently, and played I through a simple composition in a style which certainly [1 did not rise above mediocrity. y «? Thank you, dear Mildred. I see- You will pro El bably never be a very dashing pianist. But one can scarcely fe'.l yet. It is all undeveloped. At all events, you play JiUc a gentlewoman ; quite unaffectedly. And as to language?, now'r'' pursued Lady Charlotte. . *? French, I presume, you are fluent in r And Ger man ? ?' Miss Feltham began to fidget nervously in her chair. This was evidently in'esdcd to be a serious kind of ex amination ! Lady Charlotte conducted it with as cool an indifference to' Miss Feltham's presence as though . the governess were a casual visitor, in no way respon sible for Mildred's education. Mildrei answered with placid frankness that she did not speak either language fluently ; and that she could not read two pages of German without a dictionary. ' How is this, Mi6S Feltham?' inquired Lady Char lotte. ' You know German well! You were educated in Gprmanv, if I remembpr rightly ? ' ' Ob, it isn't Elfy's fault if 1 don't speak German like a Hanoverian,' iaterptecd Mildred. ' Lucy speaks it beautifully. She has a wenderful ear for lan guages.' It *-as the same with everything elEe. To all her aunt's questions about her studies, Mildred returned very modest reports of ber own proficiency, but invari ably added that Lucy excelled in everything she under took. These replies' were not calculated to soothe Lady Charlotte. They even irritated Miss Feltham, who could not help saying every now and then — ' Mildred, you really underrate what you can dp T' Or 'You cannot compare your progress with Lucy's, who is three years older.' But Mildred refused to avail herself of any excuses' of this kind, and answered with inflexible sincerity — 'Yes: but you know, ILlfy, that Lucy was far in advance of what I am now when she was fifteen.' Besides the admiring loyalty to her friend, which was thoroughly genuine, it must be owned that there was a little touch of spoilt-child perversity in Mildred's persistent praises of Lucy. She perceived— although by no means, realising the intensity of the sentiment — that Aunt Charlotte was a lit'Ie jealous of Lury's superiority in all the accomplishments they had studied together. It gave her a sense of power — not more Rerious or weighty than that of a kitten with a bull— to find that she -ould move this stately Aunt Charlotte, whom everybody was in awe of, by ther-e little strokes of her paw. Eo she made them. Such enjoyment of a mild kind of mischief is -by no means uncommon in very p'neid natures, and is not — at all events, it is not at Mildred's age— incompatible with a great deal of simplicity. That evening marked a distinct stage in Ihe growth of Lady Charlotte's antipathy to Lucy Mareton. No doubt the antipathy would have grown in any case. Such sentiments do not remain stationary. But that special evening made nn epoch from which to reckon. It had also a result which was unlucky for Lucy — it set Lady Charlotte's conscience very much at ease by justifying her dislike of the girl. Lucy Marston in a few years' time would become intolerable. Alreadv her ascendency over Mildred was much to be regretted. It was a great pity that the girl was eo entirely different, in good sense and right feel ing, from the Shards. But of course she had bpen fatally spoilt at The Court. The only remedy was to remove her from it as soon as might be. Mr. Shard, whose entire deference to fcer opinion had impressed her ladyship very favourably, had expressed his willingness to put Lucy in the way of earning her Lread away from Westfield, if Lady Cbarlottedesired it. ' It is to be desired in her own interests, I should say,' Lady Charlotte had answered; ' since you tell me sbe has no inheritance to look to.' ' Not a penny, not a penny, my lady ! My wife and I have been at considerable charge's on her account already. I don't complain of that; we wish to do what our religious feelings prompt, but our means are inade quate. Westfield is a poor little plac, and if it wasn't for some small employment which Sir Lionel is good enough to give me now and then, I don't know how I should get on. I hope your ladyship will be so kind us 1o say a word for me in season ? Your patronage would be hic-hly valued and gratefully received.' The kind of bargain thus implied was perfectly well understood on both sides ; and Lady Charlotte began to consider how she could approach the subject with Sir Lionel. It would be very simple to go stnigbt to him and desire l.im to dismiss Miss Marston from his house. Litdv Charlotte had no lack of arguments in her own mind to support su?h a course; but the would not risk failure. Sbe would wait awhile, and exercise a little diplomacy: meanwhile sbe would certainly say a word to her brother-in-law in favour of Mr. Shard. She took the opportunity of doing so one afternoon when they were driving out together, bir Lionel was in a peculiarly happy frame of mind. Be bad that morning received a courteous request from a famous Oxford don to be allowed to see certnin maiginal anno tations made in an edition of iEschylus by a very great classical scholar — a German Professor, now deeenfed. The annotations had been known to exist, and the vnlumo had been traced from a great book-sale lo Sir Lionel Endorby's library. 'The volume ia one of very considerable value in istelf,' said Sir Lionel. ' The gre«t Stanley edition of 1664 in folio: and these notes make it, of course, unique. There is some risk in Fending it to Oxford.' ' Why should you do that? I would, if 1 were in your pi are, simply bavc the notes carefully copied, and forward them. In tbat way you would be running no risk.' ' No, no, no,' murmured Sir Lionel. ' That would not be tbe same thing to Dr. Lux by any mean!!. He wants to . see the notes on the very page wbere they stand ; to compare the text. Ob, 1 understand all tbat. A fellow-feeling, you know! As a student myself — a student who has acquired some little scholarly reputation — I can only respond fully and freely to Euch an appeal. To do less would be churlish.' In a word, Sir Lionel was so delighted with the inci dent that Lady Charlotte began to fear it would be im- ' possible to secure his attention for any other topic during their drive. But at length, having postponed tbe subjects be bad at beart with a degree of patience which would much have astonished anyone who bad only known her in her wilful and imperious girlhood, she managed to make a diversion. ' Great wealth is a great burthen,' paid sbe, ' and involves anxieties and responsibilities which the vulgar never can understand. But certainly it is among tbe privileges of wealth to have such a library as yonrs.' ' It is not wholly a question of wealth*, my dear Charlotte' (he had dropped the use of her title by his sister-in-law's express request). ' Not wholly that. My own library has really, when one comes to think of it, cost a very moderate sum in proportion to my means.' ' Of course you have men of business — stewards — agents — people of that sort, on whom yon. can entirely rely ? said Lady Charlotte, rather quickly. She had got out of the library with a handsome'compliment, and she wanted to 6hut the door behind her and pro ceed. ' Eh ? Ob. yes ; oh, certainly. Mr. Bates is a very capable man.' ' He is only the steward, is he not? Is there no one of more authority — I mean whose duties and re sponsibilities are more extended— ?« hat is called an agent ?' ?? No.- There is no need of any oce ehe. The landed property is not large. It lies almost in a ring fence. From the way in which my father made his money, the bulk of my fortune is naturally not in land. Heboupht thisplare, ard rebuilt 8nd re-christered tbe house wben they gave him the baronetcy.' Sir Lund always spoke of his origin with tbe most absolute truthfulness and simplicity, when tbe subject arose. ' Of course there must be a great deal of law busi ness to be done,' said Lady Charlotte, after a very short pause. ' Well, not much on Westfield property— a few lpjue.% and odds and ends. Of course I am only speak ing of this estate. As to my other investments, all my business is transacted by Smithers and Tuck, of Lincoln's Inn Fields.1' ' Yee : of course that is different There is a lawyer in the village, a man of the name of Shard, who seems to have tbe reputation of being a good working man of business. 'Shard? Oh, yes. We know all about Shard. A very inferior man to his late partner and predecessor, poor Marston.' ' Inferior 'r In what way :' ' Well— in every way, I should eay. Marston was a man of verv pleasing presence and good address. This fellow, as it will not take you long to discover, if you ever come across him, is quintessential ly coarse and vulgar.' ' I have come across him. I have spoken with him.' ' Oh ! Well, then, you don't need my information on that point,' returned Sir Lionel, quietly. ' Have you ever seen much of these people?- the Marstons and the Shards ?' asked Lady Charlotte. ' Well— no : not personally. Marnton wae a very shy, reserved roan ; peculiarly so. As to this Mr. Shard, I don't suppose I have spoken to him five times in my life. Of course 1 always salute him when 1 see him, and 60 on. But you know my health has never allowed me to mix actively with the people here.' 'Do you know Lionel,' said Lady Charlotte, after a nause, ''1 think you scarcely do the Shards justice. Since you tell me you know so little of them personally, I may venture to say so to you. Of course the man is unpolished. But one does not expect high breeding. But both he and his wife have a good deal of right feeling.' 'Have they? Well, I'm glad to beBrit,'1 replied Sir Lionel, good- naturedly, but a little absently. He was mentally composing hi6 letter to the Oxford don. ' And a very proper sense of the advantage they derive from your patronage. Mr. Shard is an energetic man in his business; not afraid of hard work evidently.' Her ladyship did not consider the moment opportune for mentioning that Mr. Shard was so little afraid of work as to bave given her several broad hints that he would be glad lo undertake a considerable portion of Mr. Bates'* bus'ness in addition to his own. 'If you will do me the favour to come into the library, Charlotte,' said Sir Lionel, as they drove up the aVenue leading to Enderby Court, '1 will show you the rough dratt of my letter to Dr. Lux. That is to say, if it interests you at all?' 'It interests me* very much, indeed,' answered Lady Charlotte. Sbe was pleased, and she would have been still better pleased had she known tbe face that, four weeks ago, that rough draft would ceriainly have been submitted to Lucy Marston. ( To be continued.) 