The New Salvation Army Barracks, j LATING OF MEMORIAL STONES. I Yesterday afternoon in presence of a very Urge, enthusiastic, and representative gathering, which wai for the most part in sympathy with the oljects of the body, the chief coiner stones of a building, whi:h is to strvo as a permanent home for the Salvation Army in West Maitland, were laid with some ceremony by the Mayoress (>lrB. R. A. Young) and Commissioner ¿tomb.-, who came specially from Melbourne, we uudeibtttiid, to take part in the proceedings. The Salvation Army has labourudin Wist Maitland lor some six or BUVCU years with great success. Its operations have been successful. Up to the present time it occupies a building in Elgin-BDreet, which was formerly a tobacco factory. So much success has attended the movements of the Army that it has been enabled to find its OWH quarters. Some time ago it acquired land in the same street-that on which two houses, the pio perty of the late Mr. Antcliff, stood-next to the hustings in point of fact-and resolved to build. Such was the enthusiasm among men and women banded together for a common cause, to advance Christ's kingdom, that they determined to raiBO a building which they could call their own, and a practical stop in that direction was taken yester- day. Flags were Btrctched across the street, which. indicated that something unuBual was taking place, and the spot on which the bricks now are which are to form the superstructure was also gaily decorated. The most complete arrangements were made for the ceremony. The stones were placod in position. Officers and mumbers were assembled to bid a hearty welcome to visitors. We may mention at the outset that the structure in to be of brick on a solid concrete foundation, and the contractors are Messrs. Nicholson and Hume, of East Maitland. The dimensions are seventy-two feet long by thirty seven feet wide, and the hall is to be well-ventilated and well-lighted. The front will be embellished with what are known as ramparts and battlements, and the roof will be of Oregon timber. Long before the hour appointed for the ceremony a largo gathering of persons had congregated at the spot. Theie were fully six hundred people, the ladies being in the preponderance, present. The Salvation Army waB located in the street facing the memorial atoneB, and the roadway and path- ways were peifectly blocked with people. Among the officials of the Army present were Commissioner Coombs, wbo was manifestly suffering from a bad cold, Colonel Kibley, Majors Dean and Hoskins, Ensign Spargo, who were really the staff officers. Then came Caplains Baird, Hopper (the respected captain of the West Maitland contingent), Evans, Thirkettle, Myers, .Brown, Taylor, Tandy, Wilson, Cowan, and Wilkinson. Indeed, many towns in the Northern district were represented, apart from tbe officers from Melbourne and Sydney, and they assured their brethern that they jour- neyed to Maitland with pleasure to aid so good a cause. The Mayor and Mayoress were heartily welcomed. As Commissioner Coombs approached, the hymn " The Crowning Day" was sung with much hearti- ness, and at the suggestion of Colonel Kibley he was accorded a right royal welcome to the town. " God blets him," said the colonel, and the response was " Amen." AB Mr. and Mrs. Young made their appearance, the same hymn was sang. It waB a very hearty gathering. Prayers were said by Ensign Spargo and Major Hoskin, who prayed that a blessing would rest upon the crowd, and that success would attend the object for which they were called together. Then came another lively hymn, and Major Dean read a pas- sage from the Holy Scriptures. The hymn "The Crowning Day is Coming" was repeated. A brief speech was delivered by a visiting officer, who expressed his pleasure at being able to visit the town. He said that the day was full of interest to members of the Solvation Army, and that feeling was shared by the townspeople, as was evidenced by the large and orderly assemblage gathered together that day. It was proof oí the general sympathy the public had with their work. For a long time they had to put up with uncom- fortable lodgings, bub they were that day laying the memorial stones of barracks in which they would, when completed, assemble to worship God. They were all pleased to see the Commis- sioner with them, God bless him. He introduced Commissioner Coombs to the assemblage. Commissioner COOMBS, who was applauded in hearty fashion, made, in the first instance, an apology for the weakness for his voice, in conse- quence of having done so much talking lately. He expressed his pleasure in being present to lay one ot the memorial stones of the new barracks, which marked a forward step in the history of the Salva- tion Army, which had made great progress. It was a remarkable fact that, although in the first in- stance the Army had encountered much opposi- tion, it had made rapid strides during the last few years. Those who had taken np the cause had been benefited by the gospel of Jesus Christ, and were endeavouring to bring others unto His fold. In the erection of that building they had only one aim and object-to glorify Jesus Christ and to seek the reclamation of sinners. He referred to the progress the Army had made, and to the number of officers and privates engaged in the work. Their desire was to extend their mission to every quarter of the globe. He recognised the presence of so many people that afternoon, and of their respected Mayor and Mayoress, as an evidence of their desire to assist the Army. It marked an important advance in the cause in West Maitland. He prayed that their pro- ceedings would have God's approval. He had much pleasure in asking the Mayoress to lay the first memorial stone, which bore this inscription: "This stone was laid to the glory of God by Mrs. E. A. Young, Mayoress of West Maitland. August 8, 1890\. T. B. COOMBS, Commissioner. WILLIAM BOOTH, General." Mrs. YOUNO was presented by the Commissioner with a silver trowel, encased. On the trowel were these words : " Presented to Mrs. E. A. Young, on the occasion of laying one of the memorial stones of the Salvation Army Barracks. West Maitland, August 8,1890. Thos. B. Coombs, Commissioner." The MATOHESS performed the act very gracefully The MAÏOE, addressing the audience, said: Ladies and Gentlemen,-I beg to tender the officers and members of the Salvation Army my best thanks for their kindness in inviting my wife to take such an important part in the ceremony of the day that they have been pleased to confer upon her, and whilst I know that the invitation was intended as a compliment to the official position she has the honour at present to occupy, yet I feel that there are other reasons prompting the Army for confer- ring such an honour apon her, which it would not be prudent for me to speak upon. I may, however, safely say that sbe appreciates fully your kindness, and your generous applause will act as an incentive to further interest in the Army and the noble cause they have in hand. (Amen.) I hope and trust upon the foundations just laid will be erected a superstructure in which the Army may be privileged to carry on the grand work they have in hand, that in the future they may have greater success than they have hitherto achieved. (Amen.) That their work is such that no person can with truth affirm has not for its aim and aid the brotherhood of man, and placing him in such a position in life as may make him an honour to himself and a credit to the community in which he reBidea. In fact the Army is lifting men and women from degradation and vice, and making them worthy of the citizenship of this beautiful land. Of course it is a lamentable fact that men and women, blessed with the attributes of manhood and woman- hood, do sink low in the social Beale ; but yet how much more praiseworthy is it for those who, like the members of the Army, are devoting their talents, their energy, and the best days of their HVOB endeavouring to raise them to be worthy members of the community. I am aware that many people are not in sympathy with the methods adopted by the Army in carrying out the ends they Lave in view, but that they are successful in reaching the lower strata of society and doing good work for them no one can deny. I think I may truly affirm of the Army, what was once said of another body of Christians, let their enemies, those who stamp their tenets with hypocrisy, consider the lives and actions of its members, and see there the motives which actuate them. (Applause). I try to be cosmopolitan in my views of religious matters, and I am looking iorward to the time when we shall have federation of the churohes as well as federation of the colonies, and I hope the ceremony performed to-day will be a step in the direction of euch federation. Ladies 1 and gentlemen, I again thank you, and hope the .cause in whose interest we have met this afternoon *riU continuo to prosper, (Applause). . In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and of the General of the Salvation Army, Com- missioner Coombs laid the second memorial stone, which was inscribed thuB : " This memorial stone waa laid to the Glory of God by T. B. Coombs, Com- missioner, August 8, 1890. William Booth, General." A collection was then taken up, Bro. Tippett, Secretary, acting as collector, and right royally did he discharge the function. He set to work ia earnest, and in a short time "scooped in," as he said, .£45 18a, the Mayoi and Mayoress contribut- ing iideral donations. An apology was offered for the absonce of Mr. J. Gillios. " God bless him," said one of the officers. Subsequently a tea meeting was held in the old in the Town Hall, particulars of which we will barracks, and at night there was a monster meeting publish in our next issue. 