NEWS AND NOTES. The Prospecting Board hold tlieir meeting to receive applications on Monday, next. " Messrs. B. Allen and Co., advertise a sale of lire stock at Sir. G. Schmidte yards, Uaringhup, on Wednesday, April 16th, at L30. p.m. Owing to " late rains, a good attendance of buyers- is .expected, and persons having stock for sale would do*Well to enter tlieni early for this occasion. ' " - - - . Altboo^i the Sheffield Handicap in connexion with the recent "Easter Fair sports has been contested and won, there is as yet mud. rivaliy elisting among severalpf the local pedesfcrianB who com- .jieted therefor, and several, private races will probably, eventuate for respectable wagers. Two have already gained currency. Mafiexzoni .bas - expressed his wQlingness to run Bonelli. the winner of the -handicap, and concede to him the saineebart as heiad on Easter Monday. Bonellfs backers will, we believe, accept the challenge. Moen, another defeated competitor, .baa several friends, "who jdesire to see bim meet G. .Calder in a 130 yards spin. Ibis challenge will doubtless be more readily taken up than the first named. A meeting of the local bowling dub will be held at Page's Hobel, next Taesday evening, at half past seven. * The applications received by the Castlemaine Prospecting Board -for assistance from the Prospecting Vote 1890-91 reach a total sum of £38,890. A meeting of the Easter Fair Committee will be held on Monday evening. It is requested that all accounts against the committee be sent in 'by that time, and that collectors will forward their books to the secretaries at once. The Taniagulia Courier reports the death of Mrs. W. Michael, wife of the •veil known Laanecourie farmer, and also of Sirs. Simpson, wife of Mr. J. Simpson formerly of Newbridge, but who has lately purchased a drapery business at Maryborough. One of the men employed on the Maldon to Laanecoorie railway line, in O'Keefe's gang, met with a severe accident yesterday. He was crushed between two drays, and sustained a fracture of the collar bone of a very serious nature, the bone being - veiy badly shattered. The sufferer was removed to the Maldon hospital and attended to by Dr. Farr. What appears to be an attempt at a dastardly outrage is reported from Eagle hawk. The .drum shaft at the Trio Hauling Co's. enginehouse, broke, and on examination five holes were found to have been drilled through tbe solid iron Shaft. The work seems to -have beeti done by some miscremant desirous of can sing a dreadful accident. An awfully painful accident befel a child, aged abeut 13 years, daughter of Mr. Eudey, of Eaglehawk. on Tuesday last. The unfortunate little girl was standing before the fire, when her dress became ignited, and she ran out into the wind. Attracted by her cries, her father rushed to her assistance, and, with the aid of a friend, he succeeded, after great difficulty, iu extinguishing the flames in which the child was enveloped. On being examined, it was found that the child was severely burnt, and it will be some time before the little sufferer will be able to move about again. The drama, "East Lynne," was produced at the Masonic Hall last nu;ht by the Marian Willis Company, and it is to be regretted better patronage was not accorded the performance, which was greatly appreciated, as was shown by the enthusiastic applause that was bestowed by the audience. Miss Willis, as Lady Isabel, admirably sustained that role, and was warmly applauded. Mr. Heogb, as Archibald Carlyle, and Mr/ Rose, as Sir Francis Levison, gave a capital pourtrayal of those characters, whilst the other roles were most creditably enacted. A musical olio, in which several songs were rendered, succeeded the drama, and an enjoyable evening's amusement was concluded by a farcical comedy. The Company will appear to-night in the comely " Sataoella." Scandal is flying on eagle's wings about Castlemaine, says the Leader, in consequence of the conduct of a well known tradesman with another man's wife. It appears that the other man's wife is possessed of a fine figure, and is altogether somewhat good looking. Somehow the two became enamoured of each other, and on Friday week last, they went to Maldon for a drive. The amorette's husband, however, had his suspicion, and during the evening with an ex-councillor, he repaired to the house of the tradesman and enquired if he were at home. He was not. Early next miming they went again with the same enquiry. He was home then, and they were soon much impressed with the fact. A shocking tale was being told to his wife about infidelity, when he jumped forth and knocked each of the tale bearers down. The result cf it is, that a summons for assault has been issued, and the unpleasant afikir will be ventilated in the police court. A Laanecoorie correspondent writes :— " The rain now falling will interfere with the Laanecoorie weir, as it is very likely to flood the works, which were going on satisfactorily. The concrete wall having been carried up a good height, and the outlet pipes laid, however, an inundation of the works, now that they are so far advanced, will not have so disastrous an effect as formerly, and will only cause some delay. When the reservoir is full, it will necessitate the bnilding of a new bridge over the Loddon at Eddington. It is well known to all residents in the locality that the deck of the present bridge is often covered by a flood in the river, and can conceive what it will be when the work at tbe weir is complete, and the reservoir filled." Mr D. S. Wallace's famous racehorse Carbine won both the weight-for-ajre events, at the Australian Jockey Club's Autumn meeting at Sydney, on Thursday, and thus added to the celebrity -which he has already achieved as one of the greatest performers ever seen on the Australian turf. Carbine has won 22 races out of 31 which he has started for, and has won a larger sum of money in stakes than any other horee that ever ran in Australia. He had a hard struggle in both of his races on Thursday, it seeming on each occasion that he must be defeated. However, he displayed great courage as well as great pace, and succeeded in his efforts to win. We take the following from a Camperdown paper:—For the past two years the Rev. T. J. Cory has occupied the position of minister to the Bible Christian congregations in the Camperdown district, and during that time he has endeared himself to his many flocks, as well as to numbers of people outside of his own denomination. His estimable wife has proved a valuable help in working the district, and the assistance of her gifted voice has always been freely given to further any good object. It is to be much regretted that the climate did not suit her health, and for some months past she has been a sufferer. Her medical adviser, Dr. Pettigrew, ordered a change,.and Mr. Cory applied to be removed farther inland. His application was granted. On Saturday afternoon last the rev. gentleman received an anonymous letter, requesting that he and Mrs. Cory would attend at church at 7.30 in the evening on business of importance. They did so, and received a surprise. Mr. Dixon, of Terang, on behalf of the Camperdown congregation and other friends, presented Mrs. Cory with a beautiful epergne, and a gipsy table on which to place it; and to her husband he handed a purse of money. The few . words spoken when presenting the gifts were appropriate and touching, and equally so was the reply made by Mr. Cray. Maldon is to be the new .home, where* we hope Mrs. Coiy will speedily be restored to perfect health. This is afaiiy tale a Ceelong paper tells its readers:—" ft is about timenow that the public heard something more of the intentions of the Geelong Tramway Syndicate. Ihe Sandhurst electric tramway is proceeding rapidly to icompletion, and within a few weeks the inhabitants ft Quartzopolis will be indulging in the luxmy of'cneap and easy locomotion to any -part ol thefr city and suburbs" A. Sandhurst contemporary says that this istoo good to be trus." The only director of the Mdbourne Coffee Palace Company who is a tempOTance advocate is Mr. James Warnock. tie declares that—" Experience has shown the directors that threepenny cupB of coffee, when sold in inch a large budding, would not pay interest on the capital invested, and that their only hope of making the company ®., success was by changing it into a hotel. It was not intended, however, to increase the cumber of houses in the district, but to ask Parliament for permission to purchase some hotel in the district, and transfer the license to the palace. He contends that if the company were allowed to do this they could purchase the license of some small, undesirable hotel and close it, thereby doing good to all concerned. He would not, however, be in favour of the number of hotels being increased, and would sooner loose all the money he had invested in the company than have the directors apply for a new license." Mr. Warnock is playing fast and loose with the temperance question. He .wouldn't increase the number of licenses, not he, but he would multiply the number of drinkers though, by removing a license from a "small, undesirable hotel," in which he had no interest, to a large, desirable botel, in which his monetary interests - are considerable. Faugh ! — Bulletin. This is the heading the War Cry gives to tbe obituary notice-of one of its bandmasters :—" From brass instrument to Golden Harp." " ' A new core for snake-bite is announced at Wagga. It is simplicity itself;—merely immerse the bitten part in a running stream and keep it there for-en hour or two. The blacks used this plan before ever a 'white man showed np in Australia. A lady of refinement, who was banished by the Russians to Siberia, was stripped and flogged by order ofthe prison governor. The humiliation of this barbarous mode of punishing political prisoners so afflicted the lady that she committed suicide. Windsor (K.S. W.) has been agitated by a ghost. A servant girl disappeared, leaving a note intimating that she meant to drewn herself. Her footsteps were tracked to the river, and dragging was prosecuted without avail. Then the " drowned " girl appeared in the silent watches of the night and scared a fellow-servant into fits. She had gone into the river, found the current unpleasantly strong, returned home, and " planted" herself in a lumber room. A German named Mayer, residing at San Francisco, recently advertised in several European newspapers, asking for orders for tiie hands of American heiresses. He says that he sent the advertisement as a joke, but it resulted in his receiving applications from three princes, sixteen dukes, and a number of lesser personages. One German prince wanted to marry an American girl with 250,000 dollars, while a baron stipulated for one with a dowry of half a mfHin», On Monday last John Taylor, GO years of age, and Alfred Smith, aged about 30, a man of foreign extraction, went ont in a buggy along the Tarcutta-ioad, at Wagga, ostensibly for the purpose of visiting George King, of Cunningdroo, about 12 miles from Wagga, and it is stated that they were intoxicated when driving out. They arrived at Alfred Town, about 12 miles out, where they made a short stay. Taylor was last seen alive returning along the Tarcntta-robd, where he was supposed to have camped, about two miles from Wagga. Smith was seen by the police with Taj'Ior's horses and the waggonette about a mile from Junee, where he was locked up on a charge of being in unlawful possession of the vehicle. The horses were driven towards Wagga, and when at the Wallace Town dam, while the constable was giving the horses a drink, Smith, who had a razor and a penknife, attempted to cut his throat. Be was prevented from doing this, and afterwards shot himself through tile cheek with a small piufire revolver, neither of tbe wounds being dangerous. He is in the Wagga Hospital. He says that his name is Alick Smith, that he cnines from Victoria-, is 32 years of age, and has not been long in the district. . Taylor had a waggonette, and was travelling about the country prospecting for gold. The police are out scouring tbe district for the missing man. Neither of the men was a resident of Wagga. . Smith was employed by Taylor. On Monday last Mr. Andrew O'Keefe, contractor for the Great Southern Railway Gippsland, and the Laanecoorie weir, met with a rather severe accident. He was on horseback near a brick-kiln, from which bricks, are supplied for the railway culverts, when the horse unexpectedly took fright, and Mr. O'Keefe was thrown off. He fell on a heap of bricks. When raised he was in a state of collapse, but recovering somewhat was driven in a conveyance to the nearest doctor. This necessitated a journey of 40 miles through the Gippsland bush. When 10 miles from the township of Foster a doctor who had, by a messenger sent in advance, been apprised of tbe accident, met the party and attended to Mr. O'Keefe. It was at first thought that bis back was broken, but the doctor found that it was only bruised, though severely. His hip was also injured. The sufferer was then removed to Foster, while Mrs. O'Keefe and ether members of the family are at present reading. A statement as to the particular depths that the gold has of late been taken bom in the Sandhurst district will be interesting. The total return for the week ending 29 th Match was 5,075oz^ and 2,313oz. of this amount was taken from what is now considered a shallow country—from the surface to 1,000ft. From the 1,000ft. level to the 1,500ft. level yielded 1,31 lez. of gold. The lowest zone, or what is termed deep sinking (1,600ft. to 2,000ft., and in some cases 2,200fL), yielded l,451oz. of gold. The gold reported for tbe shallow giouud was contributed by thirty-one companies, many having, however, very small returns. Tbe gold taken from between l,000ft-and 1,500ft was obtained by six companies, whilst eleven companies sent in the returns from below 1,500ft. The influenza epidemic shows no signs of abatement and fresh cases are reported daily, the disease being mostly confined to Melbourne and its suburbs. Among the latest victims is Mr. J. B. Patterson, the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. Mr. Gillies, who was .confined to'his room by the epidemic, is able to resume his work. The more recent cases seem to be of increased severity, and in another instance the epidemic has proved fataL Constable Meagher, of Port Melbourne, -was taken ill with the malady on Sunday last, and, in spite of tbe medical attendance which was provided for bim from the beginning of his illness, he died on.Thursday. In Williamstown most of the doctors have an average of 20 new cases each day. Several of the fresh cases now coming forward are decidedly more affected than their prede- The French engineers who were sent out to report on the Panama Canal works, , and upon whose decision rests .the' question: whether or not the canal will ever be finished by French enterprise, have arrived at New York on their way home. Questioned as to their opinion of the undertaking, two of them, while they did not state . positively that the report wonld be unfavorable, left that impression on their interlocutor. One of them said, " The Panama Canal is but a bad dream. So much money has been wasted that I-do not believe that the enterprise will ever be revived." Another said " If the canal be proceeded with I am to be engaged in the work ; but I do not think I will ever see the Isthmus, again. .People have not confidence enough to give the vast amount of money required .to finish the wpifc". ... . ,.-.. .• Men and Boys Clothing, Hats, Shirts, : and Ties &c.;, in'all the newest goods, as M^Fadane's,—Airsx 