fugo ec WHO site severe in critic- priile Ami views the drama callous-eyed ? — Who says the company is " snide '"* The Deadhead. Who carelessly his massive feet Drjiosits on a scermd seat, And Eavs the plot is obsolete ? i'hc Deadhead. Who says the motif is " too thin," And, with a supercilious eriu. Aski " when the acting will bcefin '' ? The Deadhead. Who, when he hears the audience cheer, With facial sore he calls a sneer Says " Any rot will pass out here " ? The Deadhead. Who 'twixt each act himself regvles, I.cans languid on the bvrrier- rails, And reek of various drinks exhales? The Deadhead. Who laughs at each pa'.hetic bit, Ani groans at ev'ry humorous hit, And savs aloud, " What wretched wit ! The Deadhead. Who " wonders what the author meant,'' Keniarks, ' The play's not worth a cent," And roundly damns the management ? The Deadhead. Who mutters, " This is too bad !" ' I can t sit this thing out begad I" And rises, a superior cad ? Always the Deadhead. MAKITANA ! The very mention of the name brings to us a breath from the faded fields of memory —faded fields that were once so gre; l) ! Orchestra pleaBe. In happy moments day by day Our brilliant life may pass, And helped by lips we love we may Drain lime's still foaming glass, But ever through the rosy miBS The old days we recall When ah I the lips that once we kissed Were sweeter than them all. Years ngo—they seem like centuries—when Martin Simonsen's Company was playing at the Gaiety Theatre in Sydney, the writer used to heir mullli-d footstep* on his stairs every night at the mirk midnight hour, and suddenly with a whiff i w i P c g of cold air an appaiition would come in, sit m down without a word and commence to sigh U like an ox. We took 110 notice of this conduct, K having got used to it after the first two or three p nights, and continued writing, or drinking, or a whatever we niUht have been engaged iu doing at t the time. Presently the apparition would light a f cigar, and then rise up and stalk up and down the room, smoking like a chimney. Then we would E have the story over amiiu. She was beautiful— j-ufi'-too beautiful for lain, perhaps —a succession t of gloomy puffs—but. ah Heaven! how he loved her"!—puff, puff puff And so on da capo. It C was a friend of ours who was in love with a member of the Simonsen Uoinpany. She was married years r ago, so we will not mention names, though, as far as she was concerned, it wouldn't matter, because he allowed concealment to feed upon his brazen cheek, and never told his love, as far as we know. - he intended to walk about the streets all night, so as to be able to think about her without interruption. And he used to do it, too. Many a time have we met him in the morning, just after the hotels had opened, looking pale and worn and making his breakfast on brandy. He was ihe only man we ever saw who was really in love, as love is described in the poetry-books aud novels. Well, the company left Sydney and we lost sight of him for about six months. At the end of that period he looked in upon us once more. He was full of animal spirits and looked a stone heavier. After conversing on various subjects for a while we Baid, "And what about M ?" He looked at us blaukly for a moment and then, with a laugh and without the slightest trace of embarrassment replied, " Oh, M , yes—I had almost forgotten her I was an awful ass in those days. I've got married since." And so he had—to a good little squab-shaped woman, who didn't know the difference between one note of music and another — except that some were white on the piano and some were black—but was an excellent maker of pies. This inglorious yet eminently sensible conclusion of thc only real grand pitsion the writer ever came iuto coutact with has prevented hiin from falling in love evir since, so the ladies of thc ballet may keep ou tearing their golden hair in vain. Perhaps you will say, all this has nothing to do with " Matitana." Very likely yo i will be right, but it is, at any rate, a memory of " Maritana," and you needn't read it if you don't like, though we thought it might interest you if you happened to be young and romantic. It is a curious thing, bv-the way, what magic there is in an old tune, We never hear "Scenes that are brightest" played, even upon a hand organ, without feeling thrills pass through us that have been strangers to our s«ared bosoms for years, and feeling that indeed the world went very well with us once upon a tine, All, well, we have still the demijohn left to us. And now Martin Simonsen makes his appearance once more, and we see, with melancholy pleasure, that the yeirs which have brought such changes to us have brought little change to him—in appeal - ance, not in pocket, we meau. He looks as sprightly as ever, and o inducts his orchestra with much of the old vivacity. Hut who are these fresh faces he b.'ings with him? They are not the old familiar faces we knew. Is everybody ^dead ! * We have slid so much by way of prelude, partly because it was our humour, hut mostly bee-uise we have so little to say of the performance. Martin Siinomen never witched the world with his operatic companies, and this time lie has fallen below even his own standard. Miss Klsa May, who takes the part of Maritana, is hard in style, and seems to have achieved artificiality early in her career. She also makes the glarmg mistake of wearing red stockings, which are too risky to be worn over any but the slimmest of ankles. Mr. Jules Siinonseu'j voice is sweet enough, but too thin, and he was on two or three occasions compelled to sing aat in order to preserve his bilance. In physique he is thinner still—a figment, a phantom. When Dou Osar H pitched out of the inn he is supposed to come upon thc stage with a devil-mav care stagger and swagger, that makes the beholder take to him at once as a good fellow that has gone temporarily wrong. \\\ hen Mr. Jules Siinonsen makes his entrance in this character one fee'B inclined to siy, " Who made that spectre drunk ?" and enquire if there isn't; ft law against serving ghosts with liquor. 15ut, seriously, Mr. J ulea Simonsen is more like a disguised girl of fifteen than any thing else we can think of. His lisp-it is in reality an inability to pronounce the letter " r" which runs in his family— increises this resemblance somehow. Don Osir in the prison scene, asks Lazarillo what he has been doine. and says, " Answer in?, truly scapegrace " Mr. Jules Simonseu made it, " Ansaw me twoolV, scapegrace." He spoke like a new-chum in one of George Darrell's extravaganzis. He will do better, however, as soon us he'has got over his nervousness. Miss D >ra Rusch took the part of Uzirillo. As she made her debut ia Melbourne on this occasion it is probable that she has never had a rhyme written about her yet. She shall have one now. Attend:- J Miss Dora's notes are fairly chuice _ She's t e best of Martin s " pusch, And no one can describe her voice ^ As "a Voice from the howling liusch. Miss Buscli has also a very good figure and knows But she has a gurgliug style of articulation though mellow, in its way, is not very She, too, will improve in time. Mr. "Shannon will never improve. It is iaconceivible thatlie should. He is in the full bloom of his perfection, and looks like a baked potato jn fancy dress. He wears his hair iu bangs his forehead, and stands around with his folded most of the time—to hide his hands, It is hard to fancy him a Spauish grandee, the imagination of the audience never rises to 0cea9i0n. His singing doesn't cause you to his appearance, which is decidedly omic. jjr ]<Vederic Went worth, as the King of Spaiu, carefully and well He also look«d something t> e character. Miss Julia Beaumont played part 0f t|,e Marchioness with spirit. Mr. Salinger, as the Marquis; Mr. W. Reed, as the the Guard, and Mr. F. L°ar. as the Alcalde, were at least, equal in their degree to the of the compiny. The sime remark will apply to the chorus, the female members of which are, i,nwever, not a dangerously fascinating lot of girls, \ye ^on t fancy that any of them are likely to |)ecome Duchesses on thc strength of their beauty, The su 1 so, moi entirely leading - . . . inetead of this, if he had chosen. "THE MIKADO" has drawn well during its preseut season and will go out on Friday night wjt|, a hla/.e of glory. The revival has given jjOH.«rd Vernon his usual big innings and it will a|s0 memorable owing to Miss Maggie Moore's appearance in the rnlr of Katisha, an innovation which has proved a great success. Mr. Rvley has jmpr0ved steadily in his impersonation of Poo JUh. anfi it must be admitted that the music was never l,ette( Bun> in this city. Miss Merivale's Yum y J m has also grown in favour, and Mr. Kelly's Mikado is looked upon AB leniently as possible. opsra goes so smoothly that its production niay lje regar,)ed as the perfection of stage management and the chorus singing iB always a treat. On Saturday eveuino we have the " Mascotte " again, probHbly the greates". favourite-next to the Mikado "—of any opera ever produced in these parts. Of this it is enough to siy that Miss Maggie Moore will appear iu her old part of Bettina. Mr. fty]ey will attempt the Pippo business and " Mr. Klton will be with us again as the eccentric Duke, k'o need of "Gondoliers" yet awhile. THE only uotable change at the Opera Ijouse during the week has been thc substitution of William Horace Bent, Ksq . ,. for ^ Charles Lewis, , Ksq., in the character of Uncle Tom. As variety is charming we would suggest to Johnny Sheridan the advisability of runuing Horace on with a tin plate adorning his buzzuin, and in the flogging scene he might give his "experiences as a raw correspondent." The Legree of James is original to a startlius degree ; that is, as far as make-up is concerned. When he doesn't look as though he'd been struck by lightning he c'osely resembles a non-unionist who has just crawled out of a water trough. Sheridan, as Marks, and our Fanny, as ot Hoehenlinden, his Iser rolling rapidly. Some of the characters are very very mildly performed, but the excellent singin?, music, choruses and the specialties, songs and dances all meet with great "OURS" is doing well at the Uijou and the n-^ci'tsoH boom is still far from (-xhaiisred. "Ours" sutlers a trifle from the fact of its coming after "School," which is the best of thin group of c0lll0jjefi f r o m the necessity nf giving certain peop)e ;u t|ie company characters which they have ad to deal with before under other names. Hut thc w h oi e e(]ei,t „f Ours " is fresh and pleasing, Tllc ,njijtary t o n e 0f the piece is not in keeping with o u r jeI Austrilljan Hfe under ordinary 0i10u,nstauce9, but perhaps it suits the present trilui,lesome days when sons of Mars ore to be met ,vith on cl,ery corner, and one half the Press is l,usy expiring the cxact meaning of the words ,, )ire ]ow M r pithtradge has one ol his con - gCDi(ll u ;Q |Jugh Chaloott, and he "plavs jt for all ^ wortll." Mr. I.yndal is also well ^ ^ t0 suc2.,e<1 a, &„ gus M'Alintcr. and M[. LaH,renc0i though a triBe too "strong' h a g o o d s i r Alexander. The Sergeant Jo^es of M]. u p C a r e y js a lnil(1 pie00 0f aoting. pr;QC0 }>Krovsky is another «.f Mr. Boucicault's 0,el,er foreignt,rSi fttl(j t|,e fa,„ily likeness is not too notic(.4v>U-. Miss Romer always does well, inn 00nstllQtlv surprises us ; she surprises us as Lady ghendryn. Miss Temple's Blanche Ha\c is another p e rf o n n a n c e cf merit, and Miss I'altie Ilrownc fc a jn cveryhody's good graces as Mav Netley. Mr. Spoug's ferns in the first act are delightfully plinte(i. " Ours " is sure of a large slice of public favour from the audience. " Bobby'' (M r. Robertson), the musical, works like the proverb! il Trojan, and the person who plays the capluin " aboard this vere boat " ought to be shifted and sent to the museum. Photographs of James as Legrce should be put on sale, for as curios they'd provo (insurpassable. favour- "Lovno.v DAY BY DAY still flourishes at the Alexandra. We drop in there occasionally and '^e pot-luck at whatever part of the performance happens to be going on. The beauty of this play that it can be seen in pieces as well as- and of perhaps it is just better as than—in good (and the as whol„ bad) as lump. another. One part We wouldn't say any more about it this week except iu justice to the actors whom we did not mention in previous notice. Mr. K. 1. Ryan, as John H'ggs, club porter, for instance deserves a line -a whole pigc, in fact if we could spare the space. "is make-up and his s Mrk are excellent. Mr. Overton, as the retired Kist Indian major, looks too m u o h jjke & m aj o r out of & pau.n.shop, and hasn't the jn(jefinable mulligatawny air abjut him we are accustomed to expect iu hobnail-livered veterans from the gorgeous Hut. Mr J. H-fTernan take 0 , appropriately enough, the part of a poli:einan, and Mr. J. L. Piimmtr appears in the character of a detective who doesn't seem to have had his head turned by eulogies on his astuteness in the evening papers whenever he happened to track a thief who had stolen a drayload of potatoes aud left a sack he-e and theiealong the roid as a c ue. Mr. S. Wilfred looked almost sulfijien ly important as ail inspe tor; but Mr. Janes, as a clerk, seemed to have doubts nf his salary—m account of the strike, we suppos". Air. J. Cieiar acted the part of a magistrate with considerable gravity, and oppearcd to have taken a well-known P.M. of this city as a model Mr. Montgirry, in the responsible rnlv of a French passenger, wa'ked across the stage adroitly. Mr. Symons, as a Salvationist; Mr. Wilsou, as a Sergeint; Mr. W. L-jiris, as Usher of the Gourt; Mr. Taite, as Clerk of the Court; and Mr. W. Northcote. as a Postman, looked as natural as if they had be-n b >rn in their various billets. And now we a:k our readers, as a favour, to begin reading this notice from the bottom end. We find that in the cinfusion ari-ing from so many names we have left the ladies to the Whether or 110, she appears »s a Flower Girl, but looks far too well-fed for the part. Miss Bromliy is all right as Miss Willoughby's mtid, though, no doubt, she doesn't think much of her position and Miss Littie Djiiutry seems at home as llosie Coventry ia the Bohemian Club, though one fee's inclined to ask Qde diahln aJliil-nllefaire dans ~ei/« gilt)re? And uow we have mentioned every performer in the cast, and we daresay the notice leads like a list of persons missing from their homes, hut that is not our fault. We have doue ow duty. THE "Ha! ha! ha!" season at the Victoria Hall coutiuuec, and large houses are the rule, Messrs. Whitburn, Walsh, Franks, Holland and others put in excellent first-part wr.rk, and the musical act of the L-.slies is good—that is musically speiking—but their dialogue will stand any amount of curtailing. The comedy, " Ivoiiiiu-.ky's Home," sends the people out to hunt for trains in the ve-y best of humours. The U. S. Combination is now in its nineteenth week, and the audiences are, if anything, larger than ever. Air. Uillin, who now manages the whole concern himself, is entitled to no little credit for the excellent company he has gathered around him. THERE j , . „ is _ hatch of new performers at the (jajety, prominent amongst them being a Professor ].in|{httrti a u imitator of birds, and that he is Bure tQ suckseed goes without Baying. Miss yeatrjou Lonne, too, is another of the new additjons . an(j "Millie's sister," Miss Ada Maven, so w en known in connection with the Hudson Surprise part... Miss Ada always has been a great favourite, ao(i |,er reception on Saturday night went far to b|)ow t(]ftt h e r m a n y ol(j frjen(Js in Melbourne have nQt fo^tten her. " The Big Four," and in fact t(le wj,0je sh0w, met with the warmest approval of the Ringing of the strike so'ng. "Talking of 8trike 6011gRi how about the ancient tune of " Riottoora] Hiot-tooral ?" TUB indefatigable Phil Stewart, busy as usual providing good things for hi? patrons, has no cause to complain, for day and night the Waxworks attracts its share of amusement huuters. WE called at the Exhibition on Monday night last to sec the grand preliminary illumination of the quadrangle where that long- hairel desperado, Texas Jack, and his wild-eyed cowboys arc to go through the amusements of their country on Thursday night next. There was a feeble light near one of the entrances when we arrived and several muilled figures like Guy Fawkeses were moving about an engine and pouring oil in its ear?. This thing was the dynamo and something had gone wrong with it, as the electric fluid was apparently not on tap. Wouldn't it be w ise to lay it iu in bottles ? After gazing wearily at this performance for a few minutes, we asked one of the muilled figures where Texas Jack was kept. He said we would probably find this florid brigand at his boarding-house. Taney a long-locked, romantic terror of the prairies fitting quietly down to eat hash in a boarding-house, where he is treated as one of the family ! As a rule the only brigand in a Melbourne boarding-house is the party that has seen better times who keeps it. We were shown the Quadrangle before leaving, and noticed that there were arc 1 nips on pnsts all around the course, two at the refreshment-rooms and one each at thc rotund* and the entrance. No doubt they will throw all the l'ght necessary on the bloodcurdling proceedings. To DABKF.N GREY HAIR.—Loskyer'aSulpliur Hair Resto-or is the quic£ed r , heat, safest and che%pc*t. Large bo'.lle J , Is. Art. Everywhere. A FAIB BEAUTIFUL SKIN. Sulolioline Soip gives the atural tint au I pivjh-lilce Bloon of a perfect coinpleKio i. akoi thc skin RLII •otli, sappl.;, healthy, comfurutile.—G4. ablet*. Everywhere 