LEONARD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. A.XGTTS IV EBACir. BTNOl’HIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. • Leonard L; ninny, tho narrator of this story of Uio^ seventeenth century, introduces himself to the reader* •as tho Bon of a Vi Ho fisherman, -who has taken to the sea os his profession, and in 1U71!, being then twenty-, two years .of ago, has shipped in tho Golden Grove for a Mediterranean voyage. Whlla in tho Bay of Biscay Leonard falls overboard ftpm aloft in a gale, tho ship’s fore-topmast beinfr •cirried away. On this he supports himself for a day or two till picked tip by a piratical French felucca bound for tho West Indies. Finding tbit, tho cap tain of this vessel means to sell him as a slave, he, •with tho ntisutnnconf an lkigllshFallor.mmed Wright, (called on account of tho jHirt ho luid taken in the ' execution of Charles I.), o^apea with arms nnd pro -visiona in a small boat when tho felucca nears the American coast. Ho comes across a “Buccaneer1’ sottlomenfc in time to warn it of an impending* attack from tho SpRuiards, whiohls repulsed. Ho joins the nuccaneor brotherhood, arnouff whom uro many Englishmen, nnd meets with many strango ailvcn tuocs. ‘While T-conard is away an uannooexpedition, tho Spanish return, attack and captura tho settle ment after a severe bnttlo, and completely route and disperse the Buoanecrn. CHAPTER VI, nOW THU DEADLY FEVER OF THE COAST FASTEN’D Such was tho history of tho treacherous Spanish attack which destroyed tho aottle nioht of tho Marmousotto. Oar first caro ttob to lflHm how the party wo had met in wittf'wnm iirrrmrt. nml rrr™.* ' wittt'woro iirmdf!, »nil groat yr»» otu?\ delight to find that' tho Indiana carriqd twb guns . npioco, nearly all tho muskets in tlio village having been brought into tho woods. Beside* * thoro was Hbumltmoo of ammunition. After , it short uonsultation, it wan determined to . take tho canoe, and although our number would ho mo what overload her, to Gross to tho other sido of tho bay, whore we had more Nocurity against boing molested. Having therefore oarofullr looked to our ■ proooa,' wo clambered down tho hank, and standing by tho cauoo, utmmmmialv in vented ’’ Sfcoht Jem with tho command of the .expedition. Ah tho Indiana uned tho phddles most dexterously, they were net to work to propel us, and with Stoat Jem , for atoersmuu wo act out. On our way I began to oxporicnce a drowstnes*, which I had before felt, but immediately ahockod. Now, howoror, tho sensation, amounting indeed te ono of impending irriipor, began again to ovorpower mo. My ;e$in fell noon ray cheat, and I had little sgatchea of disturbed sloop, in which curious cbhfusod ideas, *ad odd’ combinaliona of words and things, eoemad to float into my train, aud whioh, whoa I started up ngain, ■which I would do every rainuto, fled away like phantoms, so that I could not tor my life romombor what I had been dream ing of tho momont boforo. All this time I Wtts inwardly urged to speak, I Hcomod to have nothing to say, but still something forced my tongue and lips to move, and all at onco 1 culled out— “ la that a blnok oorby on tho thorn-bush nedr tho boat's grapnol ?M At this extraordinary Bpcoch tho English tnonin tho cauoe turned snarp round to mo, ■and stout Jem askod what I meant. At his voico all tho dreamy Honsationa loft ino, aud I felt myself blushing up to tho roots of my hair, and wondoring whnt I had said, for 1 remembered not a word. *l Hero,” said Stout Jem, kindly, “Hwallow this, my good boy; and ho hold mo a grout flask of spiritH. Yon havo been breathing oVor-much marsh fog on iui omptr stomach, but you’ll live to pay off Jack Spaniard yot.” I took tho flask and hold it to my head, when suddotily tho greasy leathern bottlo appeared to awolland lengthen, until it seemed u puuohoon which I held. A curious norvouH feeling came crawling over my limbs, aud my broath grow thiok, and my oyoa dim. Tho first taste of tho brandy banisliod thoao sen sations, aud tho cordial marvellously restored vttYou must oat eomowhat when wo go a^horo," said Nicky. ** I am r.ivonous; and ' then wo will commit on what wo eau do to tako our revengo." ; r<No, no; ho oat*” said Bliio Peter, tho Mosquito Indian J. sloop rno.ih, sleop good, smoko pipe, aud Hloop oool and long.” But! fete ho muoh better that I fully in* • tended to inalco a good diuuor. Wo landed in ono of tho bushy coves which abound in tho frith of tho Mannou.se tto, and which •ogld not bo scon by tho Spaniards ou tho oplior bank. Stout Jom then despatched tho Indiana to hunt, and ordored tho rest of the party to n:.I in building a hut. Nicky and , mysolf, hovurcr, wore ho woak from want of 1/khI, that wo wore excused; and tho Hutch man, having some biscuit* and smoked beef in his pocket, generously ■ cave ns enough to make a good moaf. Moantimo, Stout Jom, Black Diamond, and ■ Uoinhocr were aolively at work. They had two hatchota and fcboir long knives, and with theso they felled andprepurod sufficient wood for thoir purpose, uriviug stakes into tho earth, and interwoaviug leafy branches, with t^o skill of oxperionood foresters. Nicky and I'wora then not to work to pull a quantity of oparflo long grass which grow upon tho beach, for beds ; and ono of tho Mosquito men ro • turning, ho kiudlwl a fire, and began to cook tho hindqunrter of u fmo boar which ho had shot in the wood. Meautimo I was plucking tho grass, sometimes sitting by tho soamdo, for I felt weak and ill. Tho food Iliad eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed strangely, and my skin was furoreil and dry* Then theso horriblo wandering thoughts began to como again, and I squeezed my head with my bauds, as though I could thus drivo them out. Sometimes I thought I felt again tho hot marsh vapour sickening tho ».air ; thou tho eoa-breozo fanning me, I would tear tho clothes front my cheat, and put back my long dank hair to lot ; wjo blessed cool wind play treoly on me aud cqol my soothing blood. All at once I saw, under tho shado of a , \geuipu tree, a tall stout man, who Htood motionless, and watchod mo. Dooming him .. w Spaniard, I would have shouted out, but _ my tongue, refused to oboy mo, and turning ’ hot and dry, rattled as it woro against my tooth, while no sound but a low hiss could I form. Still tho figuro stood there; and now I saw a gliinmor na of a naked woapon . which it hold. Tho sun being now sotting, hia rays camo slanting down, and ono of these quivering through tho trees foil full j.'upoth tho *®co °f tho stranger, and1 I saw **that it was Walaho, with bis groat eyes glaring at me, just aa they glarea when the «bark rose in tho mangrove canal, and .pulled him down toucath his crunching t teeth. I stood trombling and trying to pray. Tho features woro livid and bluo, and tho ©yea sunk and expressionless, yot hor ribly bright. Just at this momont one of tho lost puffs of the soa ■ /breeze shook tho trocs around, aud tho sunlight fulling in a different stream, and •hequered by othor branches upon tho nppear r ai^ce, the face gradually seemed to chutigo. fcaturo after feature raoltod away, until tho ■^•agonised countenance of tho unfortunate seaman was gone, and, instead of it, there argmained tho massive features and ponsivo gravity of my preservor on bourd tho French - inan—Wright. Just then tho woapon, whioh I had formerly observes! to glitter, moved, uud I saw tho figure hoavo up a groat broad axo on ono hancl, and point to it with tho other. It was, indeod, tlio regicide, with tho ■ emblem and the instrument of his deed. Making n siuldou effort, I burst tho leaden •bonds which seemed to confine mo, and with . .a strange courage, rushed forward. As I did tho phantom grow dimmer and dimmer, and wlion I placed my hand upon its breast I folt but tlio gnarled bark of tho^gonipa ■treo, whilst the axe, at the samo instant, •soomod to become a branch with clustering -foliago dancing in the \vind. I. grew directly sick and faint, ■r *‘‘©h, my TVod!” i murmured, “I, am ’ ’ goirtg mad-] My brain is whirling, and my .. r ayos make mo soo things whioh uro not !*’ and ;. ijq-I Bank up4m tho ground and sobbed. Pror .ecntly, I was somewhat bet tor,. and I mannod . .myself, “ilr is but u foverish uttaok,” I thought. **I will return and try to . sloop.*’ It was, however, with norno difficulty that I ■ * arrived atdho hut. 'My limbs felt na if loaded with load, and the paid of an intense hoad ’ aclio wont like hot iron ■wirea into my brain. ■ Whenil reached our‘ half-finished abode, I saw everything’4 hrottgh a sort of haze, and the voices at my car apponrod to como frorii miles a wav. I wus Boon placed, lying: upon bundles of grass, in tho windward aide of tho but, and after that I romcmbor llttlo moro of wlmt hanpouod during throo nights and three days. Only I know that my sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to rumblo as though it wero a disturbed spirit ot* ghost flitting nil over tho world. Now, I would seem to bo far away on tlio pleasant coast ot ' Fifo. Tho sun would shino, and tho corn rustle, and tho yollow broom by tho burn id’• bunks Braoll swoefe in tho summer’s breath. . But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it wore, seared, and the sources of nloasuro dried up. I saw tho forms of people X loved, but I could speak to none. I saw my mother sitting on a sandy known, resting her head upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. But when I would embrace'hor, there came darkness and pain, uud the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my dolirium, I would fuucv I was ttt koa; sometimes it was in the old fislier-boat,, tho Royal Thistle, No wiud would stir, the sky would bo glowing like a boated copper globe, and tho bout would lie moveless ^ as though nailed to tho unstirring sea. Sud^ dculy my father’s eyes would look into miuo with a long wan stare, and so would wo sit glaring at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, and years,'and ages, would appear to come and go mul bring no change. Anon tho mood would alter. Thou I was on board the old brig Joan Livingstoue, with a merry breeze and a blithesome crew. Tho bonny .crag* of St, Amlrow*» Bay would seem.; under our loo, with the ruined towers of abbeys uud churches- rising over the green links, and fading from our sight us wo worked gallantly seawards. But tho soeuo would straightway change to a furious storm in ft iuia-whiter night, with the foam of tho sea. and tho snow-flakes flying together. Then round tho light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, staring into mine—faces with shaggy, antique beards like the ancient sailors of Sir Patrick Spens, long, 1-mg sleeping in the wild North Sea ; and so surrounded by these fishy eyes of hapless drowned mariners, I would feel the good brig scorn to founder beneath my feet, so that I would start struggling up from my bed of grass, crying out that 1 was drowning—that the builiug wares wore clink This was my seasoning fever, as they called it ; and, though it did not last long— tlmuks to tho good treatment and tho medi cinal herbs of tho Mosquito men—it loft mo passing woak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from tho stupor of a doop sleep. My hair hud boon out close, and my head' wuh tied round with freshly-plucked pluintain leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which wc possessed whoti I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. Tho wuttlcd hut was opou to tho breeze on evoryeido, and as it con | tained but one bed more, I guessed that it I hud been given up tor my uso and that of my partner, Nicky, ns indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskots, and boxes scattered about, from which I coneludod that tho Spaniards had departed, uud that my comrades had been ablo to rocovor somo of tho wreck of their proporty from tho ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to bo tho case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. Tho fever had thoroughly loft mo, and I felt J thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I | distinguished the well-known smell of tho smouldering firo of tho boucan floating into tho hut, and Boon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his oyos sparkled whon ho saw mo so much re covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook hands with mo, and told mo to be of good cheer, for I had foro reaohod on the marsh fovor, and would soon be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. I grow very hungry, and, being well fed, re gained my strength fast, so that, two or threo days after tho fovor left, my blood, I was abroad sniffing tho cool breezes of the Except two mon—both French—who had joined whon I was ill, no no of tho survivors of our original party hud turned up; some of thorn had no doubt been mado prisoners by tho Spaniards, others might hare started oif to tho eastward, as, indoed, many pre viously intended; but wo feared that upwards of ouo-half of our comrades were eithor oaptivos, who would bo forced to labour iu tho mines of Cuba, or hod already—and tho fate of those latter was more to bo onviod— diod with their wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my rocorory, and tho rest of tho party being engaged in tho usual toil of huuting wild cattlo, and preserving tho moat by tho boucan, it was oftou my habit to take the canoe and proceed in hor down towards tho mouth of tho bay, so as to on joy tho fresh and briny broezo which cmno from tho ! north-west across tho ocean. To make tkoso expeditions moro pleasant, X pro ! pared a mast with, a small lug sail, such ns | tho ennoo could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to tho scene of the late con test. I found ncurlv ovory truoo of a sottle inout destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, uud over tho ruins of tho shat tered huts, groat orops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which X often started suakos and vonomous iuflecta, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nosts iu tho holes and crevices which they found iu abundance amidst tho ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under tho shadow of a groat spreading tree, there wore rows of little mounds, vory green. Hero our poor com rades lay buried. Tho Spaniards, it seems, had interred thoir dead, and on their de parture, which happened on tho day after I was attaekod with fovor, all our party had gono, across tho bay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beneath tho mould. Upon tho bark of tho groat treo I was at pains to curvo a deop cross; for, though tho symbol in Europe bo the mark of a corrupt and idolatrous churoh, still I felt that in tho wilderness it might bear a timer and a wider moaning, and point to futuro strangors that tho mounds beneath tho treo covered tho graves of Christum men. 