BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. THE FINE ARTS. By W. B. WITHERS, Author of the “History of Ballarat,” “Reminiscences,” “Eustace Hopkins," “The Westons,” &c..; &c.; As there is comic music so there is a comic side to the history of Ballarat music, and “Joe the Bellman” was its concrete form. About 70 years ago he was christened Joseph Clieswick, but for many years enacted the part of bell-ringer for auctioneers or other people wanting that kind of sonorous public ity, and hence the more familiar title. Joe claims to have been once in the 3rd Dragoon Guards, and his bearing and habits bespoke military training, whilst bis bronzed face, his military lace-ups, his white hat, ever carrying the regulation band of mortuary black; and the red handkerchief, with which be dusted his hat and his boots, mopped the sweat from his forehead, or hung with neglected grace about his neck when the sun shone fiercely, made up a personal equip ment which is engraved upon the memory of all old Ballarat citizens. For Joe was a Ballarat institution, nor a whit the less so when he laid aside the bell and took to the more melodious music of organ-griding. Joe may have been of the Blues or some kindred corps, but he was not of the Blue Ribbon Army, yet he was thrifty withal. He blended filial piety with tho love of travel and frequent investments in hand organs, and so per formed several voyages to London to see his “ old mother” and buy new instruments. Twice he was wrecked, but out of all his perils he came out safe aud souud, and up till 1887 he perambulated the streets of Bal larat with a recently imported organ which was the delight of all the street arabs and the despair of many a bilious householder. Joe has vanished from Ballarat. I saw him once or twice in Melbourne after his depar ture, doing the old grind under the old con ditions as to personal display, but where he is now I know not. The Welsh Eisteddfod and the other musical societies have been mentioned in the “ History of Ballarat;” but I may say here of the Harmonic Society that it was, on the whole, the best of the organisations here. It gave Christmas aud Easter per formances, besides intervening concerts, the budget including the “Messiah,” “Judas,” “ Creation,” “ Samson,” “ St. Paul,” “ Last Judgment,” “ Stabat Mater,” masses and secular music. Haydn’s “ Seasons” was given under Robson for the first time on two nights, 25th and 26th October, 1866, at the Mechanics’ Institute, one or two repetitions being afterwards made, including one under Wrigley, who added some previously omitted portions of the work. In June, 1869, the society adventured upon opera di camera, and it was claimed as the fiist essay of the kind in the colony. “ Ernnui ” was given in the Alfred Hall on the 26th June, with Miss Staff and Messrs D. Oliver, T. C.izaly, and S. Lambic as principals. “ Lucrezia Borgia,” •• Der Freischutz,” “La Sonnambula,” “ Maritana,” and “ Bohemian Girl ” were subsequently performed, As late as June, 1874, the society was performing opera, and on the 12th of the mouth in question Carrie Emanuel is mentioned in one of the local papers as being unable to appear as Amina in “La Sorinainbula” because of sickness. That lady appeared a few times, but was not a great success as a professional singer. Some year or two after that the society died, the last performance being at the Academy of Music on Christmas Day, 1875, when the “ Messiah” was given, so that the society ended as it began, by presenting Handel’s masterpiece. The last Choral Society gave evening dress concerts in the City Hall, its programme being limited to choral music, and its patrons to the patrons of evening dress, and so it soon gave up the ghost. Dr Jakins was one of its more active members, and it is men tionable to that gentleman’s credit that when the Academy of Music was re-building he suggested the propriety of a large organ being procured and recitals given. This was not done, and to this day, although Ballarat possesses, perhaps, a larger share of organ playing ability than most cities of its size, it does not possess a public instrument, and an organ recital outside of the churches is im possible. Harmoniums were used in divine service in the fifties, and the first pipe organ was obtained at the beginning of the sixties. This was a second hand English-made one of nine or ten stops, bought on the seaboard for Wesley Church, Lydiard street, where Miss Cazaly, now Mrs Little, the city 'mayoress, was the first organist. The instrument is in use at the Pleasant street Wesleyan Church, and larger organs now are common in the churches here, Fincham, of Melbourne having made a large proportion of the later instruments. The printing and graving arts are dealt with in the “ History of Ballarat.” Photo graphy also is mentioned there, but the artist with pencil or brush preceded the photographer, for Chevalier had been sketching Golden Point and other of the early opened ground long before a camera or an active lithographic press was seen on thoe goldfield, but Chevalier and other artists of the pencil were only visitors. There was in 1856, a Mr Calder, an artist in oil, who painted pictures of considerable merit and had an exhibition of them in Ballarat at that time, he being then and for some time thereafter, a resident in the city. He went to New Zealand and married there a Maori princess. At the beginning of 1866, Leggatt, who gave the monument for the grave of the diggers killed at the Eureka Stockade, had an exhibition of sculpture in the Main road, one of his pieces being, according to "The Star, “ taken from a block of stone in the Barrabool Hills, and is as fine an illustration of Burns’ poem of the * Diol’s awa wi’ the exciseman,’ as we have yet witnessed.” I have a couple of small oils representing a mining prospecting party and a lone “hatter” on a log in a worked-out goldfield. They are true to fact, though not very great as works of art, and were painted by a Mr Mackie, brother of an old type, still in Bal larat. The modern schools of design have turned out shoals of copiers of copies, but few students of nature, though D. Davies, of Ballarat, and John Campbell Longstaff, native of Clunes, now a student in Paris, have done and are doing works of originality and promise. H.. J. Hall is another Ballarat artist in oil, who has shown some faculty for original work. Charley Abbott was a local caricaturist of some ability, and Edward Charles Moore had some capability, too, as a draughtsman, whilst James Oldham, of the Schools of Design as a master, and now head master of the Central State school here, is an artist of versatile faculty, and some of his etchings display marked ability in that special de partment of art. Mr Price is a portrait artist in oil, but I have not seen any of his original productions, only copies of photo graphs. He has had considerable patronage, 1 believe. An agitation among the farm laborers of the South and West of Ireland against the farmers, on ac count of the ‘selfish conduct ’ of tlm latter, is spreading, and threatens to assume serious proportions. A correspondent writing from Bel grade says of ex- Quecn Natalie ; ‘ She is no more a pattern mother than a model wife. Political ambition has completely mastered her. She is nothing but a politician, and has little maternal feeling.’ Since the importation of pork has been prohibited in Germany the con sumption of horseflesh has increased in Berlin, of herrings in Silesia, aud of potatoes in Westphalia. The Pekin Gazette asserts that 1900 of its editors have been beheaded. The journal in question claims to have been in existence for 1000 years. ‘ Homicide by impudence ’ has been added to the list of crimes in the French Criminal Hode. The offence is described as cawing the death of a man by any foolish -act not in itself criminal; 