NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. The last pearl fishing season in Ceylon could not have been more successful than it was. The season only lasts 22 days, and during that period 11,000,000 oyators woro brought to tho surfaco by 50 divers. They are paid by one- fourth of tho . number. This . season, tho wholo produce was sold at tho rato of 24s. for 1000 shells. The Government received £20,000 ns their share, nnd tho divers £6400. Tho largest pearls arc worth iu Ceylon from £40 to £60, and in Europo they fctoh throo times tho price or more. In tho courso of his recent tour of inspection through tho Caucasus Princo Dondukoff-Kor- Bnkolf passed close to tho village of Stary Yoort, whore a nntivo colonel was not long previously murdered out of revenge, and where tho mur derers woro boiiigscrccncd from tho authorities by tho inhabitants. As they rcfusod to give up tho assassins tho Princo ordered all the inhabitants of tho village to be assembled on his route, 2 miles off. Hero tho Prince refused to accept their greeting of bread nnd salt, and rated them right soundly iu the sovorest terms of tho Russian vocabulary. At tho same timo lie ordered their olders to bo arrested on tho spot, and gavo them one month in whioh to surrender tho murderers. , If they remained recalcitrant at tho otid of that term tho scvorcst punishment was to bo in flicted. AVith tho usual obstinaoy of tho Cho- chenlis tribes, who continue their opposition to Russia as long as, if not any longer than, any of tho other tribes of tho Caucasus, tho murderers were not given up at tho end of tho month, whereupon a " military oxccution" was ordered to ,bo made. At daybreak tho village was sur rounded by a cordon of troops, and all tho in habitants wero disarmed and forbidden to ovor carry arms again. A detachment of troops was then quartered in tho village, and 1200 roubles was exacted for the benefit of tho murdered man's family. An older was also appointed and sent by tho authorities with a salary, to bo paid by tho village, of 600 roubles a year. The mur derers havo now at last been surrendered, and the troops consequently withdrawn. Tho royal family is said to bo muoh disturbed by tho information whioh was recently received from Berlin, that tho Duchy of Saxe-Coburg Gotha is to bo absorbed by tho German empire upon tho death of tho present Grand Duke. Tho Princo of AVnles is going to Berlin to remon strate against , this stop. As tho Itaiscr has already given his adhesion to Princo Bismarck's, proposal thus to absorb tho province, nothing is really hoped from the visit of the Prince of AValos. This seizure of tho Dtiko of Edin burgh's dominions, or thoso whioh would bo his by inheritance and general understanding, may load to serious results. Tho Chinese Legation at AVashington i3 now (according to a correspondent of tho New York Sun) a quiet household, a tremendous change having come to it with tho present Minister, who is by no means disposed to follow his pre decessors in festive pleasures. Tho Legation rcsidenco, therefore, is not to bo tho scene of American festivity at Chinese exponso. Thero aro to bo no big ball crushes, no dinuors, and uono of tho quiot impromptu little dancing par ties marking tho hospitality of past seasons. Tho young Becrctarios will not bo allowed to appear in other than their own flowing bro cades, -ami thero will bo no tucking of quoucs out of sight. beneath broadcloth coat collars. The English language will not bo learned at recep tions, and the smiles and flatteries of American young women will not be reciprocated. All this has beon going on for eight years, and winked at by two most indulgent, liberal minded Ministers. But now the relations are strictly official, if they aro not, indooil, a trifle "strained." There is no handsome young in terpreter in the presont Legation to take tho placo of tho handsome Sinng, who was so much in "danger of being spoiled by American young women that lie was finally sent off to Spain. He is thero now, and, as Mr. Yow said, " Ho blerry sick to come home." Germany (according to a German writer) averages moro now publications each year than America, England and France togothcr. In 1888 England issued 6951 publications, America 4631, France about 4000, but Germany about 17,000. Tho ambition to writo a bookr is- as natural for a German as tho ambition to.make money is characteristic of tho American. A German professional man who doos not from timo to timo engago in literary work -is con sidered bohiud the progressive thought in his ' department. Advancement in higher educa tional circles is conditioned by tho evidence of investigation furnished in printed form ; and of tho 2300 teachers in connection with tho 21 German universities thero is not a singlo one who is not an( author, and a preferment in the academio circles is almost entirely conditioned by continued work of this character. Indeed, at nearly all tho universities the diploma for tho dcgrco of doctor of philosophy is given only hi caso tho accepted theses aro also printed. Tho tobacco monopoly in Franco yiolds an nually to tho rcvenuo no less a sum than £12,000,000. In 22 of the departments tobacco is cultivated under restrictions, and tho total crop of 1838 was valued at about £65,000. Tho Government , owns , a number of factories in which homo and foreign grown tobacoo arc prepared for uso. That of Lille turns out annually moro than 600,000 tons, nnd that of Gros Caillon, at Paris, nearly 500,000. Thoso at Dijon, Lyons, Nantes nnd Toulouse only produce about200,000 tons respectivoly, while tho establishment at Orleans turns out no moro than 1000 tons per annum. The consumption throughout the country i3 steadily rising, having gone up from about 1$ lb. per head in 1878 to nearly 2 lb. iu 1889. Tobacco for pipes is sold in France at tho rate of 67 per cent, against 13 per cent, in tho form of oigars. It is estimated that upward of 20,000 persons are oniployed in connection with the sale, manufacture or culti vation of tobacco in Frauco. Tho London Citizen is tho authority for tho statement thatnew evidence whichhas been col lected in .England and America in tho caso of Mrs. Maybrick is of a most convincing cha racter, and needs but the scrutiny of tho Home Secretary to convince that official of tho imme diate necessity of recommending tho Queen to grant her a full and unconditional pardon. A rcmarkablo theatrical porsonago and typica Parisian was Ferdinand Fournier, who recently died. He was commonly oalled tho "King of tho Romains," being head of the claqueurs or Do mains, hired nightly to applaud for lucre tho actors and actresses "in the various theatres. Managers could not do without tho chiof "claquo- mastcr," who also organised a " ticket service" and lent money occasionally to impecunious or half bankrupt lessees — for he was a compa ratively wealthy man, and died worth £40,000 at least, being thus entitled to rank as a French millionnaire, as that sum repre sents 1,000,000 of francs. Fouruier began his useful connection with tho theatre by hiring out fancy dress costumes for tho " masked balls" of tho opora. Ho had tights, flounces, masks, dominoes and dancing pumps to suit mem bers of all classes of socioty, from tho dainty dame of tho " Franoillon " typo to tho "littlo milliner" who entered the Operant half-price on the arm of a prosperous cavalier. Then ho sold "authors' tickets " for a firm whicli did business of that kind, and having saved some money lent it to tho manager of tho Porte Saint-Martin, whom ho thus prevented from becoming bank rupt. Then began Founder's " ticket trallio " with theatrical lessees — ho lending thom coin and thoy paying it back with papier machi "permits of entry" to their houses. Tho deceased industrial had literally control of the claquis in the Opera, the OdcSon, tho Eden, tho Ambigu, the Folics-Dramntiquos ami other celebrate places ' of nightly entertainment. Ho knew all tho leading dramatic authors and artists, and was as highly respected by them as was Porcher, another chef de claque of old days, by Alexandre Dumas pere and Dumanoir. A certified corpse was being taken by two porters to tho Paris morgue on a stretcher, on 2nd December, whin it suddenly alarmed its carriers by sitting up nnd asking for a drink. It wa3 n worthy female, who, having got out of a train in tho Montparnasso station, fell down on tho platform and apparently gavo up the ghost. A reputed doctor who was near said that the woman's heart nnd pulse bad ceased to beat, so sho was accordingly sent, by stretcher, to tho unlovely establishment in mid- Seine, where tho dead bodies of city castaways arc kept for dissection aud burial. The woman awoko in tho Placo du Parvis do Notre Dame, and instend of taking her to tho direful des tination for which sho had beon intended, her kind carriors marched her into tho adja cent hospital— tho Hotel Diou — whero Bhe was , installed temporarily in a worm word, nnd. received refreshments. Sho had beon ovor 1 fatigued by a railway journoy from Brest, and tho cold had brought on an attack of congestion of tho brain. General Boulanger (says tho Paris correspon dent of tho Daily Telegraph) has had a far diiforont New Year's gathering about him to that which assembled iu his residonco, in tho Rue Dumont d'Urvillc, this timo Last year. Only a few of the prominent Boulangists ven tured across to Jorsey in tho wintry wcathor to presont their respoot3 to tho " oxilcd chief." Theso wero MM. Laisant, Gabriel and Lo Veil Id, who dined with tho Gonornl in tho Fommo d'Or on tho Jour do 1'An. Among tho telegrams was ono received from Henri Roche- fort, which renewed protestations of friendship, and announced his firm determination to refuse any amnesty that might bo offered to him on tho occasion of tho New Year. During tho day tho general sent tho Constablo of Saini-Holior £8 for distribution among tho poor of tho dis trict. 