MR HANCOCK AND THK SUNDAY OFEN1NU QUESTION. to thk editor ok thk hkrald. Sir,— In a letter written by Mr Hancock, which was read Inst night in the Legislative Assembly by Mr Beazley, thn argument (?) of ih- oi>|M»nenta of the Fran Sunday aro re- hashed. T he cx-presidi-nt of tim Trades' Ilall Council brings forward thn fact of the Eight Hour' system boing in vogue in Victoria as a leoson against the people being allowed the use ol their own Library on Buuday. Ara the Sabbatarian to hard pushed for an arguroeut that the Kigbt Hoara' ghost has to be (rotted out? Howdoes it aff'-ct tho question of Sun day opening Whether tho peopls work eighb hours or mxteon hour ? Perhaps Mr Hancock intends this ns a reason in favor o! night opening as against Sunday opening? In that ess- it is supremely ridiculous, as that would entail much more extra labor than the Library being op-ned fur a fuw hours on Sunday. Our friend waxes wroth because he was uot allowed to " plead for lua day of rent " at a public meeting held under the 'nusp'ce of thu Vict -rinn Sunday Liberation Siiety. It may Imra be remarked that the ineotiug raferred to was held, not to debatn the questinn, but to advocate Sunday <qiening. The ' argu ment" of the strict Sabbatarians hive been repeated over and over again with wenriaome monotony, and have be?n answered timet without number ; and unless Mr Hancock was prepared, on the occasion he speaks ol, to advance, snme fresh reasons (and there is nothing in his letter in lead one tosmmou- that he hsi anything new), what would Ifive been the tuo of his wasting thn time aad patience of the meeting by resurrecting the exploded i.oiious of the Lord's Day Ouservaiiee (?) Society. Nobody, I am sure, wisbi-a to interfere with Sir Hancock's, or for that matter, any other body's "day of rest." The service of the attendant nf the Library will not be forced in any way, aud they can have their rest on any other dav -on Saturday, for instanoe, whioh the ChustUn in spite of tho M w«io law, refuse to " keep holy." And. in conclusion, lot mo say that the modern Pharisee who, like thair predecessors, aro so caroful iu keeping clean thn outside of tho cup and the plstur, lay themselves open to n charge of Hyptecrisy when they ride to church In Sunday trains, and ring hymns by the light nf SundnyouianufACiured gas, and next uay turn tumid and hysterically dnnnuncH thu protwal to employ a few willing attendants at the Library on Sunday,— I am. etc.. lveW, -lift September. D. Q. Allan. 