AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. MR. GEOP C. MILN IN "HAMLET." Mr. Geo. O. Miln opened a short Shake-<*> spearian season at the Royal on Saturday night with " Haadet." The audience was not large. but it expressed its appreciation unstintedly of wnat me in most respects an excellent rentier ing ol the great tragedy. Mr. Mfln baa evi dently made a careful study of a part which has been dissected and discussed more than any other creation of Sbakespeare's. His talents as an actor are ol a nigh order, and his by-play and changes of facial expression were always in keeping with the motiona they were intended to prattray, "Hamlet" v a part in which there fa always a danger of •'telling a passion to tatters," bat Mr, Mtta avoids this rock on almost all oeSMtons. He baa, however, a trick of giving a sort of recovery garp after an emotional passage which has an artificial effect. The ghost scene on the battlements, which always fax its diffi oultier, was impressively acted. At the dose of the play eeene, where the court breaks up in disorder and the conscience stricken king flsea frcm the spectacle of hia crime, Mr. MOn introduces what is, -we fancy, a novel render ing. Be and Horatio have both their daggers bared Mshela??ru?hespast,aiultDeprince l now tint bis suspicions are confirmed, seems about to avenge his father's death at once, bat at the "peycboiogteal tnttanf bis purpose fails and bis code escapee. In the trying tcene with the queen Mr. Blitn was m impassioned as the condition of Hamlet, diatratstcd between the prompting? of affection and revenge, requires. The tragedian has the good quality of not playing to tte audience bat to hia art, his entmeiatipn is always clear, awl his Tendering of the soliloqay and other well known passages was goad. He is not handicapped by man nerisnn. and in this point has an advantage over a good many interpreters of Shakespeare's chief parts, Mr, Mitn enjoys Rood support in the company which seta witb him. Miss lionise Jordan rendered the character of Ophelia in a gentle and sympathetic menner, and was very successful in tb.3 nMttcene, Kit. 3. H. Noon ?n«!e a capital King, and Mr. Atholwold deserves praise for bit spirited Laertes Toe Queen was played with dignity by Misa Kate Douglas, bat she verged too etroncly on the hysterical in the cabinet scene with Hamlet. Hcratio haa not ray srcch to do, and Mr. Montgomery shoald be able to doit tilthontturning bia back qm'e looftrn towards tbe audience. Toefirstgrava diggtr, who pro rides what (light oomio matter there is in a fte? that is npetly as distressing aa a Gtetk tragec'y. was acted in a rollicking mannet by Mr. VvVer Carle. The minor characters were well filled, the gbort'e speeches being delivered with Bf- pnlcbtal (sE«ct by air. Wilmot Eyre. To night the " Merchant of Venice" will be itaged. The foiTEE-BELLEW Compact, Some little mienaderatanding has arisen with regard to the demonstration made to Mrs. Brown-Potter cuteide the Theatre Royal on Friday night, when a wish was expressed by some of the crowd to remove the horses from the oab and take the vehicle to its destination themselves. Mrs. Potter would have been perfectly willing to agree to any enoh proceed ing, and had no wish to thwart the Olympians in their object, bat the driver declined to have the hones removed on the plea that the police would object and that the animals were restive. The company will leave Adelaide by the exprees to-day for Sydney, where they will open on October 25 in " Borneo and Juliet," and will play a season of six weeks. They afterwards proceed t > 2?ew Zealand, and will appear in Dnnedin. Christchnrch, Wellington, and Auck land. They will probably play a short season in Adelaide about March oz April next on theii way to England. Mr. Twinning, who acts as manager for Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew and who has been moit icdefatigabU in bis endea vors to make the season here a success, will accompany them on their tear. Gaeneb's Rooms. The front seats at Garner's Rooms on Saturday night were well filled, and the back seats and gallery densely crowded to witness another change of programme. After the ren dition of a comio song "Children, come along," Miss liillie Warren gave the pretty ballad "The song that leaahed my heart." Mr. Wall Rookley sang "Little Annie Eooney," the chorus being taken up by the members of the company. Misa Priseilla Verne rendered some Irieh comic medleys, and was awarded with a perfect storm of appbviae. MUb Hastings gave with her accustomed suc cess " I like a little game," and bad toxeapand three times to vociferous encores, Mr, Hugo and Mr. Hazelwood concluded the first part o! the "entertainment with a oomio and senti mental song respectively, A quartette by the Misses Verne, Anderson (2), and Mr. Bockley initiated the second part, the last-panned and Miss XAllie Andersen being attired in jockey costumes, and the other two ladies in dresses appropriate to a racecourse. Miss Lillie Warren sang, but not witb good effect, the descriptive ditty "Dorian's night." Bar. W. A. Bobinson, known as the Australian Tom Thumb, was advertised to dwell "fora few moments on all kinds of fanny subjects," but cannot be congratulated on his saeoen. His •'fanny subjects" consisted of an attempt to give «> Iri?h recitation, in which he forgot his part. It was a welcome relief when Miss Hastings appeared as an "Arab boy on the streets of London," remind ing one of Jennie hte'e ''Jo." She waa clad in tattered clothe*, and her clever singing brought down the nouse, MiEs Verne was alto vety ecceessful in the dramatis song " Shakespeare's seven ages," and was susoeeded by the Mines Anderson in their Amerioan sand jig, this being cheered to the echo. The young ladies were also the recipients of several floral offerings. The programme conducted with a farce entitled " Hard to Kill." 