THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. . m i Poi.mCTAKs hara memorias-aiid long The Opposition hive never forgotten Mr. Groom's apostacy from the 1SSS Ciucus, and they have never forgiven it. Groom very likely did the thing he ,1. thought . .1. right, J but ti- he outraged I _ J the feelings I 1 .,.. of those he acted with. He attended the Stock Tax caucU8j an(i theu wcat round and ratted to the Government. That act haB followed Groom as the gl)0st of Cajsar followed lirutus. 'J'he other day whca Groom camc ro his Phillipi—the appointment to the Standing Committee-that caucus ghost rose u and crU8hed him. G, aot. ^ bonest a .nan as can afford to live in Parliament. IJut he ratted ft(J(j an(j „,|Ien be fell lie "fell like Lucifer— um-er to' rise again " ' r have ma(Je jieDt chairman of the Parlii- ,neD(a J ry Standing Committee-just the man to .. ellgilleer» t h i* Rent Wfts t£e flrrt man in the a ^ I g pr0p ° ^ 0 ? C - t,,at ^ T Bhould be paid two guineas a sitting. _ lie will be ^ — o - -—. - . - - = • out of the nincty-hve members think they were the tr oc Josephs. The price of the work is booming, too. Two months ago Heat proposed two guineas as the pay for a sitting. Now three guineas a sittiug for each CKKTERS' 'LI, in-: A CHKAI'EK snow.' get it member won't every are man tilked be in of. his And place when when the they bell rings 1 the whole thirteen of - them. Thirty-nine , guineas every day. Beautiful! Eighteen gaineas a week each! The talk is that they will not take any holidays st Christmas time, but Bit right in the inttreeln oj the country. Tnis is true pitriotiem, and it is a fine thiug to be a patriot of the modem stamp. The old-fashioned notion of patriotism was to sacrifici one's self on the altar of one's country. Hut when P 3 -, 1 " 0 ' was dead what was the good of his t,,e l' itnot '" m to ilir " • I'he modern patriotism of the Ending Committee ie a great improvement. We s »crifi ;e our leisure time for our c ountry in return ./or a rjuinm an hoar.' There is grit in this kind of l >itr > 01 " in ' Hurrah for the Siandiii^ Coinmittee. The political game of chess now being played b;tween the Premier and Mr. Munro must coine to an end some day. Some members think Mr Cilliee is approaching to "cheokmite." He is supposed to have lost quite a numbsr of pawns and one or two heavier pieceB last week. When he voted for Shiels' "previous questions" against O'tioghlen's motion, he was defeated by 46 to 21 ; the next night when he tried to block out the lines of country railway from the Standing Committee, he was "left" with only 21 followers against 53. Then on the very next night Munro put the Treasurer up in a financial corner and held him while all the House looked on at the Premier's wriggles, Jimmy scored while Duncan roared. THE battle of the Colonels " has ended iu the ]J illarat Colonel's capsize, with hiB boats in the tli air and his head in the mud. Colonel Smith declared that J one L: of his constituents ..i ..! "in » . confidence" coufided to him an arrant piece of wickedness . J __ on the part of Colonel " Lay-Wout." The ljallarat Colonel was pressed for the name of his informant. ])ut-horror ill He 1 lie ! ! the, Colonel Smith, reveal a confidence 1 No. Drag liim to death with wild horses! Step on Ilia favourite corn ! Ooubt the truth of those merry millions " of his! Ask him out for adrink and insult him with coffee! 0r do ot,,er dread{u, thin r euch aB doubting that BuuLree was the original site of Paradise; but ,)ev < ; r tlie tlle e Colonel to unfold a name wrapped U P 81cr '^ honour of hiB breast! That constituent of his who heard Tom " Lay-'em-out" use the strong language must live and die uuder llie anonymity, even if the earth yawned and 8 rives U P their dead - Wha t ' tbc u . ™ t0 ^ne Nothing less than a centleinanly ? apology and withdrawal. The olone! had begged his n on to use his name. inerefore retracted ! Uui, mo VUIUUCI i nuuuico were not euded. That nasty Cncrley 1 aylor got down a Ballarat witness for Colonel " Liy-'em-out." And taid Charley to him—" You were the only Hailarat rifleman down on parade on the day when the 1 lay-'em-out'speech was made, were you not?" '•1 was," said the witness. " Did you tell Colonel Smith anything about that speech V" " Not » word," How's that, umpire? If the Pallarat Colonel's informant is iu the flesh he certainly was not present. Collapse ! 'J he Co'ouel doesn't talk now on that subject. 'There was once a time when the voice of Mr. Higinbutham thundered in the Legislative halls and echoed beyond and over all the Austral territories. That was in George's salad days. Nearly three decades have passed since then, and yet the same name somehow still evokts a cheer. The Parliament has publicly thanked Chief Justics Higinbotham for his great work of law consolidation. Words arc cbcap, aud thanks are easily given. Hut yet when a Parliament stops its business to thank one of its constituents, there is something notable in it—perhaps all the more notable in this case because the very mau who was thanked by the Assembly last week )c/t the flame Atseinbly a dozen years ago because, he said, it was too vapid, if not veual, for a man with an overgrown conscience to stay in. The (tssemljly thanked George for his legal labours. And well it might. Counted by mere vulgar figurt e of arithmetic, those labours were prceious. The Chief Justice has a salary of i'S.jOO a jear, or about thric guineas, an hour. Oil the codification of that law he must have ipeut at least a thousand iiourt—3000 guineas. Few barristers would have done the work for tlie money. The Chief Justice did it for love-aud thanks, iou aie welcome, O judge, to your pay. Mr. lJow is just finding out what a lot of trouble a mau brings on himself through uot biing able to tay " No." Nobody sutpectsthe Lands Minister of anything "crooked" in the Vta lit'ver business. It's the Premier Permanent nil'air over again—not wicked, but weak. Hut then, says au Opposition leader, it's wicked to put these weak men in the strong places of the State. 