A PIT-BROW LASSIE. By JOHN MONK FOSTER. Author of "A Poor hlan'a Tragedy" "The Moss Pit Mystery,"" For Love and Gold," &o.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved ] Chaptek XVI.—Beyond ike Fallen Roof. "When Luke Standhh saw hla sweet heart swoon away and fall prostrate on the road he broke the spell that had hitherto kept him dumb and motionless and sprang to her aid. Taking Kate In his arms he waited impatiently for her recovery, for in their present circumstances he could do scarcely anything toward quickening her resusci tation. Taking her hands In his own he felt that they were Icy cold, so he began to chafe them as well as his awkward position enabled him. In a few minutes the girl began to struggle In her lover's arms, and presently her eyes opened, and she glanced around in a dazed, wondering kind of manner, exclaiming— u Where ant I3 Luke? What place ia this 2 What has happened F •'Don't agitate yourself, darling," he replied. " You will be all rlghb again In a minute." He hereupon ventured to press his hot Hps against her pale cheek, adding, " You fainted, you know." His words brought back to Kate In a rush the recollection of the cause of her unconsciousness, and cUnglng more closely to her sweetheart she cried brokenly " I saw him, Luke ! l^saw him ! Ion must have seen him too !" "Who2" he asked. "My father. He came right up the road, went past me and you, and then seemed to melt away Into the fall there. Yon must have seen him," Cl J saw nothing, doar. But I savr that your eyes were fixed on something I could not see." » " Did you hear anything t "Ho." "But he spoke to me twice. First when he went past me, and again just be fore he disappeared amid those stones. He mentioned my name each time. It Is very strange that you neither heard nor saw him." " I saw and heard nothing," Lnke res ponded. "You must have fancied those things. I am satisfied now that I was dreaming as you have just been doing. We have both been the victims of a heated imagination." She shook her head decisively. "Ho," Bhe cried, "it is not Imagina tion. In your case it may have been ; in mine It is quite impossible. It was as real as such things can be. I was fully awake and remember everything. I wa3 sitting there, you on that stone, when something caused me to look down the road, and there I saw my father coming slowly towards me. At first I thought he ! was going to stop, but he only looked at me, whispered my name, and went on past 1 you and towards the fallen roof." " How wa3 he dressed 2" Luke asked. " He had on an old-fashioned cloth cap, ' wide at the top, a blue flannel shirt torn j at the elbows, and cord breeches patched 1 ab the knees." _ " Just as I sketched him! Luke ejaculated. I "Yes, just as you sketched him, and : as he appears In the photograph at j home." "It Is very mysterious," Luke mut | tared, adding, as Kate rose to her feet, | " shall we go now ?" " Yes, let U3 go," she responded, taking a long last look at the heap of fallen roof." "Bub the mystery of it all seems clearer now to me '" "ClearerV he replied, as they want down the road together. " What do you mean, Kate 2" " I mean," Bhe said, " that I perceive a meaning In all that you and I have seen. I believe now that my father never ran away from my mother at all; that he went neither to America nor Australia; that he never even left Ashford." " What became of him then 2" " I believe," she replied slowly, solemnly, "that what Is left of him lies up this road under that heap of roof. He must have got lost In the old workings, a3 you and the others did ; hut he was not so fortunate as you were." "Just what I had somehow began to fancy might have happened," Luke made answer. "It Is not a fancy with me, Kate murmured. " It Is a conviction. My father left home that morning, seventeen years ago, In the very clothes in which we have both seen him, and never being seen again, of course my mother came to think that he had gone away. I shall never rest satisfied until that roof la cleared away." "But how Is that to be managed2" Luke asked doubtfully. " I don't know, but it "must be done,' she cried, "even If I have to come down by stealth and do It myself." " It will take a man a week to do it, Kate." T t „ " Ho matter, it shall be done. I shall go to the manager and tell him all, and he will perhaps have the dirt cleared up." "Perhaps he may. Anyhow we can see what he thinks about it." " What time will be the beBt to see Mr. Latham 2" " To-morrow afternoon, I think. He Is a very nice man, and will certainly listen to what we have to say, though, of course, we can hardly expect him to believe It as we do." "And my mother?" "Had better know nothing ju3t yet. If the manager consents bo have the fall cleared up we can tell her then." And so It was agreed. On the following afternoon Luke and Kate repaired to the residence of Mr. Latham, the manager, which lay only a few mlnubes' walk; from the King Pit, and on presenting themselves were at once received by that gentleman In his parlor. Mr. Latham was a man of 50, or there abouts, and had been connected with the collieries he at present managed for over 30 years. He had begun his working life there at 15 as a mining student, and had gradually worked himself up to his pre sent position, filling in tnrns the appoint ments of fireman, underlooker, mine sur veyor, under manager, and, finally, the honorable and lucrative post of general manager. He was greatly respected by bl3 work men on account of his genial natnre and love of fair deaUng, and, although he had the reputation of being very sceptical on matters of religion, no man in Ashford had a larger or wanner circle of friends. For the rest he had a fine gentlemanly appearance, and spoke with a Blight nasal twang that reminded one of America, and gave to his utterances a humorous flavor. Mr. Latham seemed puzzled a little as his eyes rested on hl3 visitors. A visit from either of them alone would not have caused him much wonder, for he had always evinced a kindly Interest In the yonng fireman, and had often spoken to Kate since the afternoon she fell from the Bhute, In fact, It was owing entirely to him bhat the handsome pit-brow girl was permanently appointed to the place of number-caller. As briefly and as clearly as possible Luke related the whole story of his singu lar experience whilst lost In the mine and that of Kate's on the previous night. Mr. Latham listened Incredulously to his fire man's acconnt of the spectral apparition and his sketch of it that had been identi fied by Kate, together with the finding of the tobacco-box bearing Jonathan Lee's name and Its recognition by Mrs. Leigh.' "This Is the most singular thing that .ever came' under my observation," Said; Mr, Latham gravely as he examined bpth the rude sketch Luke, had inade and bhe . photographic view of the Red Lion. " lb appeals lawedlble, but, of coats?, I caaaob i discredit year word ao far aa believing you saw It goes. Yet It mast have been an hallnclnatlon or mental Illusion, for no one believes In ghosts nowadays. That Is the only rational explanation of the matter that presents itself to my mind, and I think it the only reasonable one that can be given." Kate Bhook her pretty head da. clslvely, while Luke was rather in clined to accept the manager's view. It appeared more probable to suppose that he and his sweetheart had been subject to the same hallucination than to believe that they had received a supernatural visitation. But the mystery of it all was not lessened in any way by taking this aspect of the matter. " Then what Is your Idea of the matter, Miss Leigh ?" the manager asked. "I believe," said Kate firmly, "that It was my father himself that I saw ; that he never left Ashford at all, but was lost In the mine somehow, like Luke and the others, and that he lies beneath the fall of roof." (To te continued J 