Emm sous. By Pooh-Bah i A locturo in Saturday's Age under tho somewhat mysterious heading. of 'The 0» moscopo' bUpplies some wonderful roading' It has long* been suspected that sntneihinir stronger than tbo sori^o of -msll guide* a beb* to a fliwor or a bird of prey to a doad animal, and the belief was entertainod that tho power was duo to a necali irltv nf m which permitted the bee, or bird, or ant, as the case may be,vO see something in connection «ith it* 'proy' that wa* not visible to man's limited optic 80080. The belief ' was a sound one : Knowing that a bee's eyo is so constructed a* to convoy rays of polarised light to tbo opti. norie, thereby vastly increasing its «on*itive noss, Sir John Thring made an ' osmoncopV which was nothing moro than in imitation o a bee's eye. Just in aero d with expectation this instrument onables the human eyo to fo tho odour— or *'0'»mosphere'as it is technical* ? called— ari-ing from a gardon half a milo dis tant in much the same form as that assumed by smoko as seou by tho unaided eyo.- The first instrument has been greatly improved upon. It i» now a cona'-ination of tho power rf thirty different auim-tls' eyes, tho study of which alouo has led to this wonderful and most recent achiovem'nt of ecionco. Ah tho earth is unbounded by its own atmosphere, so— tho o^m^scope shows— is every organic body on tho face of the earth surrounded by its 'osmonphere.'^ If tho ?atmosphere is undisturbed the osmosphero fray t,o «een by tho ii^fument ju-t perfected totally surrounding the organic body that has Generated it. If the dav in « windy' tho oh mo-'phere may be cn: :ed io front or behind theoi-jeot, acconiing to the direction of the wind, t-onitttime* being whisked off like cloudn on a summer day. Th»* o^mo^phoro, it has | bren dem(.nbr.ratpd, i-. capable of beirg Kolidi , fiod, a fact which onons up a a roalra of 1 practical thouehf. For int-tflnco, wo Ieurn | that a homosopathie clobule bottle would carry i ofif the solid fied ^mellB which had nceumu luted during a day at tbe average villa resi dence, while a mob'o cart would suffice to ??arrv away tho noxious exhalations of a city (he size of Melboc-ne. Theae considerations ofwh .t thodineoverv of, the osmo'cope means aro of the highest in 'erest, but it in when wo loam that osmos phere is do-tined in the future to be the in dex of the mind' that we gra«p the full im portaoceof tho invention. Dr MoICeuzie, tne porfeetor of tho instrument, by his oh«erva lions has been enabled toi ire »ho Hmplot of ?jxplanations of the tais n d'etre of the pro. verb, ' tallt(or thinkjof cortain person' and j ne will appesr.' He refers to the phenom enon — which is really so common that it ! -hould not be ho described— of on' thinking I he sees someone io the street, finding he is mistaken, and then imn'ediitely aft»-r running igainst tho person as he turrs a cornet*. This is not coincidence according to Dr McKonzio; it is virnply due to an advance insta msnt of' the individual's osm-wphere prnjected f efore j him, operating upon some sonso far acuter than sight. | Then wo learn that the osmoapheres of aoimnls of opposiie-exes attract, and tho«»e of similar sexes repel each other. A photo graph in tho p'os-ession of the lecturer showed the affinity of tbo osmospheres of an engaged couple, wt.ile a second photograph showed the repulsion existing between the osmo-pberei of tho 'snccesiifnl youog m-tn' and a rejected 'Uitor of tho lady. A third photo, showed.the repulsion of tho young lady aforosaid to that of her pro-poctive mother*in- law. Whether the latter over saw the photograph and had its moaoing explained to her was not stated *»y tho lecturer, but if so the osmo«cope will hare hai tho effect of spoiling at least one familyVdomejtic felicity. - 1 Fancy carrying an osmoscope about in on eV , waistcoat pocket to see whoso osmosphero was attracted by one's own. What a magnificently 1 convenient arrangement when ono wanted to j borrow £1. And imagine tho advantage* of I being ablo, as it wore, to discover in what ro Jg«rd you wero hold by any mem or rftbo | 'oftor sex t-imply by observing the tendency : of ber osmosphere in relation to your own. ! Then, again, the'ente tainment that might be | extracted f*om tsking an osmoscope am^ugst : a largo body of people—say a church congre I nation— and getting on insight into people's | innermost thoughts through its medium. , Pourtray for yourself, gentle read-r, the I osmospheres of some st'ilwart swain and I pretty damsel— *e|)aratGd for. the nonce, per I hips, becnuGO -he is musical and ho is not— I threading their way through intervening | osrao' phores and mingling hiilway in fond , ombraco. ^ And then when the takors op of i the colloctionrise to perform their duty /pic I ture the coujoined osmospheres of the oon | gregation making one frantic rush for tho back | aoor t-y torce ot natural repuUion. On, deaf I me! The osmoscope msy bo a useful thing,' but by laying bare to the public gare— for such is tbe intorost everyone has in overvone elso's business that none will be without an osmoscope—' 'those things which one would fain hide, it ii bound to be a prolific source of trouble, „{vv-; 11 Captain George Drewar, the weli-known master mariner, who devoted gro^r^tteiition of late years to_the construction of^fifo saving appliances, was drowo^din one of-the lakes in tho Ceu ennial PartVotr^-Mona»iy, while at tempting to save a bOT wh' had been thrown into tho wato througo the capsi/tng of one of tho captain's patent rafts.' This is a pathetic illustration of tbe, irony of fate, and furnifbe* food for reflactiou^'os ,to what little effect min's puoy effptts have upon his earjthly deitioy oven thbiijgh concentrated on one pHr ticular ol-j-ct. ' , The insolvency of Milu, the Shakespearean tragedian, contains a reproach to tho public of tho sister colony. Whtlo comic opera, tho pantomime, flimsy drum*, and such like, prove profitable j rejects to tho theatre mana^or, Mr Milne and his Skhakosperoau plays soon reached that stage at whi »h tbe ghost refold to walk. Most educated people, of coor.se, aro ready to acknowledgn tho genius of the Bard of Avon, and signify their Admiration for him by letting his works remain undis turbed on the library shelves— as something too good for everyday use, t.hey would pro bahly nay— and by studiously avoiding the theatre when ono of hi* plays is staged. The explanation of the anom-.ly is tint tho general admiration of the poet is Affectation— a more voneer put on because Ct is fashionable to ' like Shakespeara,' and becanse his genius is so- widelv admitted that for a person not t rend his w«rks would imply want ot culture. w mo JJOOK 01 .BOOKS appllOS *intiHrly to Shakespeare. Few care to av- r openly tb »' thev never read rhe Bi'»le ? although the coifession would be very common amongst a candid .people— ^because it would ?ogsest heathenism j and, as I bavo re marked, people don't own to an indifference to Shakespeare because it argues a low standard of intellect. But the*o professions, while making us appoar what we like to-appoar, done cstanvthing. To get at the true dentil of the popular love for Shakecporei wo must look to the. theatre, where we find tint rhe love of scarcely anyone reaches a 3s valu». Few indeed will pay for the privilege of wor shipping at his shrine. Locally, we have a capital illustration of the estimation in which Shakespeare is held by tho foot that not % r#pv of his poems is io ^ our circulatinir library, .and that bis nnmo : is not to be found iu the ' BDggoBtion book.' 