THE MERCURY.; HOBART THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 1895'. EPITOME OF NEWS. Handicaps declared for the Bothwell sports gathering. Weights for Oatlands Races published this day. i Road Board election, Victoria Road Trust, on 9th prox. Nomination day 2nd. , Entries for Sandy Bay regatta receivable this evening at the Clarendon. 'New Development in Church Life is the subject of lecture by Rev. W. G. Taylor this evening. Mungul Sing, Maharajah of Alwar, and suite arrived by the express from Launceston last evening. Tyler's excursion to Huon has been postponed until Friday next on account of the rain now prevailing. The Huon conveys passengers to Sandy Bay Regatta on Saturday, and also follows, the yacht races. Two pugilists, Jerry Marshall and Paddy Hogan, summoned by Selby police for prize fighting. | Full programme of Portland Racing Club meet for 2 it h proximo appears in this issue Seven events. Nominations for handicaps 28th inst. General entries 15th proximo. I Narrow escape from drowning at Bridge-' water on Tuesday night. Old man named Spencer walked off side wing of drawbridge! into the water. Clinging to a boat for half an hour he at last made himself heard and was rescued. Fourteen thousand engineers have struck work at Armstrong's Gun Factory. The Duke of Connaught says the defences of Bombay are useless. j Unemployed in Blolbnurno clamoring for work from the Government. t The Enderby bottle was found on the Queensland coast is believed to be a hoax. Subscriptions for relief of sufferers by Brisbane floods rolling in a rocky, I Mining manager named Irvine suffocated by foul air at Gympie. I Lord Randolph Churchill still getting con. sured by the Tories for cutting. The Hungarian Premier objects to Kossuth being restored to rights of citizenship. j Shipment of Victorian vegetables per steamer to England only a qualified success, Corinna, so., had slight mishap at North Bulli jetty yesterday. Lord Salisbury declines to sanction spending public money on starving Soudanese. The new French Ministry profess aspirations for peace on a broad Republican basis Conservative members of House of Commons discussing propriety of an early disso- hit on The freedom of the City of London has been conferred on Sir John Fowler, engineer of the Forth Bridge. ' '? Australian horse Plutarch will probably run his first race on English turf on Monday next. Captain Kane and officers of HMAS Calliope are to be banquetted at Portsmouth on arrival there International Labour Conference has appointed special committees to inquire concerning various grades of work. ' M. Ribot has been appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs in the French Cabinet. He is a Moderate Republican. Remains of late W. F. Walker, ex-Commis sionor of Victorian Customs, interred at Boroondara yesterday. Dr. Freiherr Von Boottichor, Vice-Presi- dent of the Prussian Cabinet, will probably be Bismarck's successor. Ruabon Kolrl, charged with forging Sir Archibald Michlosnamo to bill for £2,<i00, committed for trial. McCulloch and Co. Carrying Co., of Victoria, declare the usual 20 per cent. dividend. Julian Thomas, "The Vagabond," appointed secretary to Royal Commission on Victorian Charities. Tons of thousands of men, women, and children thrown out of work in England by the coal miners' strike. Manufacturing trade paralysed. The British flag has been re hoisted in Shire territory, and much excitement prevails in Portugal. Major Pinto has been ordered thither. Victorian Premier does not concur in opinion of North-Western Municipal Association, that the State should bear half cost of importing farm labourers and domestics Rev. Saumarez Smith only candidate for Australian Primacy. Bishops debating whether election would be legal with only one came up. THE speech made by STANLEY at the grand banquet given to him at Cairo by the Egyptian Government on the 20th February, is fully reported in The Times, and has been already a subject of much comment. It is rather remarkable for what is not said than for what is said, though, of course, it could hardly be expected that STANLEY would endanger the sale of the book which he is going to write by the premature disclosure of incidents and conclusions earned at the cost of such enormous sacrifices as he has made. Indeed, he told a correspondent of the Paris Figaro, who essayed to interview him, that he did not mean to throw himself away, and so the interviewer, though he did got some scraps of information as to STANLEY'S opinion of the desertion of GORDON, had to go away without the very news of which he had been in search. In the speech at Cairo, however, STANLEY does say more than he has at any previous time since his return, and on one point especially, upon which there has been much discussion, that is, as to the route which he chose Why, it is asked, did he go by the way! of the Congo, facing a new country full of unknown dangers and difficulties, when the route from Zanzibar, so often travelled, was open to him ?' On this point he is not yet clear, though he said a great deal. He said, -"I believe that the Congo route, was the safest and best, even if the longest," but he cannot be said to have, proved this, or even to have attempted anything by way of proof. He stated that the Foreign Office did not wish him to take the eastern route, as it might cause certain complications, two other possible routes were blocked, whilst the fourth route by Nyassa and Tanganyika was impracticable, as the African Lakes Company was not then' so far advanced as it is now. All this is very well, it may be conclusive for' aught we know at present, but still we! ; can not but be struck with the fact that there is a vast difference between the! march in and the march out. The march in extended, over years. It was) one so full of dangers and difficulties, that the wonder still is that they were overcome, it was for months through a forest into which the light of the sun rarely penetrated, and almost every mile of the way had to be cut through a thick undergrowth i of creepers. STANLEY thus described this portion of his outward march : "So dense is the forest that you seldom see the sunlight ; a mere shaft of light or glint of sunshine is all we saw of the broad day and bright blue sky without. After a month's, effort we were obliged to confess, that it was the hardest march we had been acquainted with in Africa. After 160 days we emerged out of the forest and came into the sunshine, and literally raced through the grass land like wanton children,! so rejoiced were we at seeing the blue sky, feeling the pure breeze, and seeing the tender green grass careering before us " Thus, it appears that the expedition was over five months' in making its way through this forest alone, which was full of venomous insects, hideous and murderous dwarfs, and almost every kind of danger alike to health and to life Contrast this with the march back, which was almost like a picnic, except for the illness of STANLEY, which detained the expedition for a month, and the absolute necessity of making an example of one of EMIN'S mutinous followers, who was striving to start a new rebellion. On the 8th May, 1889, the final start on the road home was made from the plateau on the west side of the Albert Nyanza, and within a few months it was known all over the world that STANLEY was safe, and that EMIN PASHA had been rescued. Now, it seems, at all events with the information at present afforded, quite miss possible to defend the Congo route in the face of the facts of the return journey, which was made be it remembered, not only with STANLEY'S own men, but with the treacherous followers of EMIN, and all their women and other belongings , Possibly, when STANLEY publishes his book he will clear these difficulties up, and show that his choice of a route was a wise one, and in the meantime, we must content ourselves with saying that there appears to be a great deal to be cleared up There is much, too, remaining to be said as to EMIN his conduct, and the position in which he was found He is described still as most vacillating in character, as quite unable to manage his own men, as "in fact, a prisoner in their hands, and yet in-' disposed to come away when he was at last reached by STANLEY'S expedition. The appearance of the MAH DISTS had, we are told, driven EMIN'S troops wild with fear, and they had come to the conclusion that it would be bettertocurry favour with the KHALIFA ofKhartoumbycaptunngtheexpedition and earn honour and glory from the MAHDI than follow the fortunes of their GOVERNOR. The rebels, many of whom had been followers of AitAM PASHA, did not care to face STANLEY'S expedition after all, and so they had to produce EMIN as a guaranty of peace, and they finally decided not to attempt further rebellion. We see in all this how the fall of Khartoum affected the interests of civilization and humanity even on the Equator, and what a fatal policy that of scuttle was. But how are we to account for EMIN'S indecision, and not only his, but that of CASATI, his second in command! The answer of EMIN to all questions as to departure was, " Where my people go I go," whilst CASATI answered, " If the GOVERNOR goes I go ; if the GOVERNOR stays I stay." This was said to the commander of an expedition expressly sent out to rescue them, and in the face of the fact that "my people were rebels, and were prepared to deliver the whole camp over to the Mahdists. And the circumstances, as related by STANLEY, in connection with the departure are still more inexplicable. It is easy enough to understand that " my people," who had rebelled, were not very anxious to come under the direct jurisdiction of the KUUDIVE again. Some of them were criminals sent away with EMIN to be got rid of, others had been rebels and all appear to have been what is called a bad lot. And this was the very reason, we might suppose, why EMIN and CASATI would be anxious to get away, but it is said by STANLEY that not the least assistance was given to his men in carrying away the possessions of EMIN'S followers, which were many and very curious, and that CASATI himself had SO loads to be carried. STANLEY says that he allowed all this trouble to be taken, because EMIN and his people would not come away without their goods, and would not carry them themselves, and his orders were to bring them away. These were the men, says STANLEY, whom EMIN had been calling " good men " and " dear men " for years, though they laughed in his face, " and there was not one who would not have stolen his last crust of bread." Such a strange tale, surely, was never told before. It remains, however, to be learned what EMIN has to say, for we suppose that he has a tale of his own to tell, though it is not possible to see how he can get away from the facts relative to the difficulties and the uncertainties of the departure. The end is, of course, failure. The interior of Africa, except for the Scotch mission at Lake Nyassa, is given over to the slave trader, the ferocious Arab, who regards the European as a fool who meddles in matters, which he does not understand. LABOUR Unions have done some extraordinary things in the past; and the latest instance of their tyranny comes to us from Central Queensland, where a Carriers' Union has lately been formed. It appears from the local papers that Cloncurry, the copper-mining township, was cut off from supplies during the late floods, There was not a drop of liquor in the place except the prevalent water and, although this was bad enough, the storekeeper warned the' residents of an even worse contingency. He was getting short of flour. Here was a pre- dicament. No waggon and horses could venture the journey to Hughenden, 'the nearest depot, and so, in their extremity, the inhabitants made a levy on some camels which had arrived with stores and machinery from South Australia, and sent them to fetch the "staff of life." 'These, "ships of the desert are as good in foul weather as in fair, and they made the trip, safely, travelling over ground where a waggon would sink up to its axles. Let the local correspondent told the rest of the tile :-" Whenever the purpose of the camel drivers was made known, the local branch of the Carriers' Union intimated to all the storekeepers, that if they supplied the goods required, a rigid boycott would forth-, with he enforced against them. To the disgrace of the latter, they, yielded to this, (threat, But not all- One man listened to the promptings of humanity, and despite coercion and intimidation of the grossest kind, loaded up all the camels. We hear often in certain quarters of the greed of capitalists, but could rapacity further go than this display made by the Hughenden carriers? It mattered not to them that the people of Cloncurry were in the direst straits ; all loading they declared must be carried in their waggons, and rather than permit the few tons required to be taken by other means, they would let the people starve. The coward ' storekeepers were Scarcely less blameworthy. They had the goods in their possession ; they know the i stores were urgently required, but to escape offending a few customers, they declined to supply the order. The greed of the one was equalled, only by the poltroonery of the other, and we hope, for the credit of Queensland, that Hughenden is the only town in the colony where men will allow people to starve rather than suffer the loss of some of flying order." IT is now some fifty years ago since Thomas Cooper, who always signed himself " Chartist," was sent to prison for recommending, at a public meeting, the working classes to cease work. He gave this advice, because ; he thought that the capitalists could be thus coerced, and that by the stoppage of all labour the wrongs of labour might be set right. In those days such advice was a serious offence, so Thomas Cooper was arrested, and passed a couple of years in gaol. Whilst there he wrote an' epic poem, called " The Purgatory of Suicides," in which he introduced all notable personages who had voluntarily taken the lead in the dark. The poem has been described as a purgatory to read, and it is asserted that no one was over yet known to get through It. How over this' may be, it is certain that the opening verses are forcible, they embody the ad wee for giving which the author was sent to prison, putting that advice in language which should And appreciation at the present time in England. The poem begins .- j Slaves, toil no more ! why down and roll and pine] To glut Um tyrant forgers of your admit ? It proceeds to tell the wore lemon to make a bold declaration that Toil who no more money, Until the many cases their slaves) to the low. This seems to be what is decidedly in the air in England at the present time, but we may take the liberty of doubting whether the remedy would not prove a great deal worse than the disease. Projects of this kind have been many, and will continue to he many like the Utopias, but there is no evidence that the woes of the working classes ever were, or ever can be, cured by them. In truth, the remedy, as far as remedy is possible in cases where so many precautions have to be taken against ft and, business, selfishness, and bad faith, appears to be in quite another direction, in precisely the direction that very few people are not inclined to travel. The greatBtrikesnowgoingonandthreatened, which plunge thousands in misery for the possible benefit of a comparative few will not cure the types of want generally, though they may ameliorate the condition of a class for a time. It is all very well to cry " slaves, toil no more," and to denounce capital, but when capital is driven away we invariably find that employment keeps in company. THE claim to allow some of our local organists to use the, Town Hall organ free of charge is once more bring pressed upon the attention of the City Council. The citizens generally will be glad to know that a sufficient number of the Aldermen see the matter in the right light to prevent injustice being done, The concerts, or displays, 01 whatever they are called, are intended to be given on Sunday afternoons, and the canon upon which the claim for non-payment seems to be founded is, that it will give the people an opportunity of hearing some high - clean music. We take exception to this propose!, tion altogether. Without being in any degree Sabbatarians, we may question very much the appropriateness of the choice of time and method for this special sort of instruction, and so far as the instruction itself is concerned it is curly, and we speak from experience, no more high-class than the music heard at amateur concerts generally. The selection may be good, that much Two will grant; but the vocal numbers are certainly not above the average, either in selection or in rendering. At an Arnold-street concert, if they would only attend them, the public would go in more benefit from the study of high-class music than at any of these Sunday afternoon crowded receptions." and yet no one has suggested not even Mr. F. A. Packer, who wrote to the City Council about the free recitals-that they should have the Hall free. At a time when the streets to- the city are going to waste, many of them for the want of a few pounds spent in repairs, the aldermen should be very careful not to forego even a few guineas of legitimate revenue on any sentimental pretence whatever, Sui'PiiKMKNT.-Our supplement to-day contains English Mail News, The finding of the Judges in the Times-Parnell Commission, Garrison Band Deputation, Supreme Court, City Police Court, Ministerial Visit to South George's River, Presbyterian Synod, University Council, Strahan Mining Notes, Launceston Cricket, Country News, Letters to the Editor, Hobart (by Stroller), The Now Samoan Treaty, Conference on Rust in Wheat, Removing the Negro to Africa, Origin and Characteristics of Influenza TKLKßuArino.-South Australia cabled to the Telegraph Office at 4.50 p.m. yesterday : \- " Bombay notifies, Turkish route interrupted beyond Busra. UNCLAIMED TELE.GRAM. A message addressed "Patk. F. Casey," awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. YOUNG LADIES' JOURNAL-The March part of the Young Ladies' Journal is to hand. This useful magazine is interesting to all the members of a family. The important features of this part are three charming (continuous stories, all of which good instalments will be found. The opening story, well illustrated, is entitled " Flowers of' the May." " Even This Sacri- free," maintains ' its interest ; and "'That Man's Secret " is concluded. Four complete stories, besides a good deal of interesting reading, is contained in, this part, which is rich in fashions and fancy work of the newest and best style both in the pages find Sup- plements The coloured triple shock of Paris fashions contains 24 beautifully coloured illustrations of elegant toilets suited to various occasions. The coloured fancy-work shoot is a design for an embroidered toilet-mat. Outturn design, to complete the set, are given on the back of the Gigantic Supplement, with a full-size pattern for cutting out a Senorita jacket. In the March part of the Young Ladies' Journal will be found much that is useful to ladies and dressmakers in the fashion illustrations and fashion articles, also a good number of cookery recipes' for the housekeeper. REPORTS. We have received from the Chief Secretary's Office the following reports for 1889 Boys' Training School, Cas- kudos; Devon Cottage Hospital ; Launceston Fire Brigade Board ; Hobart Fire Brigade Board ; Contagious Diseases Hospital, Launceston ¡ Invalid Depot, Launceston ; St. Joseph's Orphanage and Industrial School. EmrovrioNAr, APPOINTMENTS-The following are notified :-Transferences : A. C Blackwood, Geeveston to Now Norfolk ; Mr. and Mrs P. D, Purvis, Dover to Geeveston. Appointments (in charge) : Mr. and Mrs v. John. Do you; Miss V. B. Stephens, Lower Sandy Bay ; Miss R. Murnane, Pateena. Paid ' Monitors : William Ball, Victoria ; Miss McCulloch, Abbotsham. Female Assistant Teachers ; Miss May Cockayne, Beaconsfield ; Miss E M. Firth, Kingston ; Miss A. H. Fisher, Ross. '* T>ISTINQDISIIKD VISITOR. Manga Sing, Maharajah of Alwar, or as it is usually "pro-, nounced byEiiglish- spcakingporspns, Ulwar,. who is travelling' for his health', arrived here last evening by the express train from Launceston, being accompanied by an English medico, and Lieut. Impey of the Bengal Artillery Staff Corps. Aolwar is a small native State, situate about 792 miles distant from Bombay, and about 1,000 from Delhi, in the Central Indian Provinces, and having an area of 3,000 square miles, and a population of 778,596 persons, whilst its revenue is £230,000 per annum. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH.- A tea and public meeting, us a farewell to the Rev. Geo. and Mrs. Warner, was held last evening. The rev. gentleman has temporarily been occupying the pulpit of the Primitive Methodist Church, Collins-street, since the departure of their late pastor, the Rev. Geo. Wright. Mr. Warner, who is visiting the colony in search of health, has' greatly benefited by his stay, and he now leaves to return to London and resume Con sectional duties there. A good number of members and friends sat down to tea in the schoolroom at the back of the Church. After tea a meeting was held in the church, Alderman Hiddlestone taking the chair. He expressed regret at the departure of Mr. Warner, and spoke in fitting terms of the way he had carried out his duties while amongst them, and of the warm feelings that were entertained towards him, not only by those connected with the church, but with other denominations. Mr. Warner land, in the short time he had been with them, wore esteem from all he had come in connection with The chairman also trusted that the voyage would be a pleasant one to Mr. Warner and his wife. Messrs. Johnson, Burdon, Hooper, Leatherbarrow, Propsting and Turner echoed the remarks of the Chairman, and wished their departing ing minister and his spouse "Godspeed.", Mr. Warner, in reply, said the feelings of regret were not all on the side of the congregation, as on their part he and his wife' also felt a large amount of sorrow in severing a, connection which had been such a pleasant one. His time in Tasmania had been short, but undoubtedly happy ; his relations with the congregation and other religious denominations had always been most cordial, and he should over look back to his stay in the island as forming one of the pleasantest epochs of his ministerial career. The meeting closed with a compliment to the Chairman. HE SALVATION ARM V The following in "Our Note Book" was published in the Illustrated London News of February 8 : " One is glad to read that the ' dunn colo spastic ' heaton so ruthlessly by the Salvation Army, has been finally pronounced to be an unlawful weapon. For the Salvationists themselves there is much to be said but with their passion for horse it is impossible to sympathise. ' Moreover, when, as often happens, they refuse to leave off drumming when horses attached to vehicles full of women and children are frightened by it, and still more often when they are told that there are sick persons within hearing, it is quite evident that religion and good feeling, at all events, have nothing to do with their villainous. The prohibition will, of course, be called ' persecution ;' but invalids who have suffered from the Salvation drum, or persons who have been run away with (not in the sense of rapture) by it, may also reasonably apply the word to their own 'case., To friends of the sick I have always advised pricking the dium (which can be decisive quicker than spiking a gun ; but it is much better for all parties that the law should have thus performed that operation for them " ' ' A VntANouf THROAT. - John Barnaby and Geo, Rowsell, deserters from H.M.S. Rambler, are wanted by the police They escaped therefrom on Tuesday night in the ship's gig. Late last night information was conveyed to the constables on duty in the vicinity that they were in the Phoenix Hotel. Their informant, a woman, stated that Barnaby had a long knife, and threatened to do for the police if they interfered with him. She thought there would be a chance of seizing the knife a little later. The constable decided to wait until this was done. Soon after the men left the hotel, accompanied by a civilian, and the police followed at a safe distance. Soon afterwards they were overtaken by the woman, who stated the knife had been secured. The constables thereupon set off at the double The nimble moii-'of-warsnicn, who had a good start, were j soon hidden in the darkness. Meanwhile the woman, Nellie Driver by name, had taken the knife to the police station. It is a murderous looking weapon, with a very sharp blade 10in, long. Sergeant Rainey was at once despatched by Sub- Inspector Connor to search the neighbourhood and if possible help in the arrest of the men. He went at once but was unsuccessful. Every likely place of hiding was overhauled, but the men had evidently found for the time a safe hiding place, Barnaby and Rowsell ought to have been captured earlier and safely lodged in the watch-house before mid- night. v sisTiNG OF A WATER-MAIN. Consider- able excitement was caused in upper Elizabeth-street about noon yesterday, through the bursting of a water-main. For an hour hundreds of gallons of aqua pu> a were ejected skywards, the water reaching the house tops of the tenements and establishments in the immediate vicinity. The break was promptly attended to. TYMSR'S HUON EXCURSION. Tyler's excursion to the beautiful district of the Huon, appointed to leave Hobart this morning, has perforce, been postponed until Friday next on account of the rain. THE W HATH BU.- Although the rainfall yesterday was heavy and continuous, there is as yet not much cause for apprehension of floods in Hobart. At midnight an inspection of the creek showed that it had risen but little above its usual height. However, it is bound to rise considerably to-day when the water from the hills comes down. There are not the high tides, such as backed up the creek on the occasion of the flood of June last year, consequently the ask of disastrous results is considerably reduced. News so far from the country districts show that the rain is general throughout the island. NARROW ESCAPE FROM DnawNiNo.-An old man, between 60 and 70 years of age, named Spencer, on Tuesday night got off the main road bridge at Bridgewater and down on the side wing of the drawbridge, and walked off into the water, but contrived to save himself from drowning by clinging to a boat for half-an- hour, when his ones were heard by Mr. Slade, of the Main Line Railway. Sub- Inspector Marshall and a Government , Railway employee, , named, W. Brown, who were at the 'station', immediately went to the rescue of Spencer, and after some trouble and risk got him on to terra firms. He was taken to Cooley's hotel, where every attention was given him, and is now all right again. HUON RAILWAY public meeting will be held at Port Cygnet to-morrow evening to discuss the route being surveyed for, the Huon railway. The members representing the district are invited to attend 1. , , SANDY BAY REGATTA Entries for ellis aquatic gathering must be made at the Clarendon Hotel prior, to 10 o'clock to-night. The events on the programme are races for wood craft (second class), 28ft. yachts, 24ft, yachts, fishing boats (son and class), district singles (pair-oared), and pirates. The prizes total £44. , , OATLANDS RACES Tram arrangements for this meet are advertised elsewhere, the usual concessions being made to passengers from all stations, ' MIDLAND JOCKEY CLOUT-In announcement in our advertising columns notifies that', in consequence ' of the handicaps nok having been declared on the advertised date, acceptance will be at scale. ' BELLERIVE R ACINI J CLUB. - The programme is published of a race meet under the above auspices, to take place on Saturday, April 14'. The events for decision are Hurdle Race, Trial Stakes, Belle vo Plate, Pony Race, Time Handicap Trot, and Hack Race, entries for which close on April 4, S.S. HERON-In account of the inclement state of the weather yesterday the S.B. Huon did not make the intended excursion to DOUUO'B Point, but will do so next Wednesday. PosTPONED. The tea meeting in connection with the Bellerive Congregational Church is postponed until to-morrow. HOBTIOULTD|tAL AND AllMOOLTUKAL. The residents in the Clarence municipality have requested the Warden to convene a meeting to consider the question of forming a horticultural and agricultural society for the Clarence district. i " a . LECTORE.-Thh evening the Rev. W. G. Taylor, Superintendent of the Wesleyan Central Mission, Sydney, will lecture, in the Mechanics' Hall, taking for his subject " The Forward Movement, a. Now Develop- ment in Church Life," with the story of six years' mission work among the masses of Sydney. The chair will be filled by the Hon. H. S. Bird. , THE OCEAN PENNY COMMON DUEL. An interesting duel has. been going on in The Times between Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. Henniker Heaton on the question of ocean penny postage. Sir Julius practically says it is, not wanted, and it cannot be done. The three operations of the Post Office receiving and delivering a letter on board ship, the ocean carriage the landing and delivery on the other side would cost, he argues, 2nd., for which Mr. Heaton proposes to charge only a penny.. If people in England are to send letters to Australia for a penny, them, says Sir Julius, Mr. Heaton ought to commence his mission by an agita- tion for a halfpenny postage at home. Sir Julius does not believe foreign countries are parties to the English Post Office being deprived of revenue by the despatch from London to France of huge parcels of letters, which are there deposited at the cheaper foreign rate. Foreign Governments may not be parties to this system, but, Says the Haunt News, that it exists is certain. Nor can Sir Julius see why the Post Office should be made a charitable institution. Mr. Heaton replies that the cost of collecting, stamping, and delivering a letter is only one-eighth of ' a penny, and Sir Julius fails to recognise that when the Government say that halfpenny Parcels do not pay, they are thinking of milky packets of newspapers, which are not half us, numerous as letters. Mr. Heaton contends that ocean penny postage can be established at a cost of £60,000 a year, and remarks that if this is true, or if it can be done for a quarter of a million a year, will be granted. The chief difference between Sir Julius Vogel and Mr, Heaton seems to be one of enthusiasm for the development of any means calculated to bring the scattered members of the Empire closer together. Sir Julius concedes that if a penny postage throughout the British Em- pire were part of a scheme of Imperial Federation it would be a noble proposal. " We must confess we are a little surprised at the attitude adopted by Sir Julius on such a question, charged as it is with vital patriotic issues." THE OLDEST CLERGYMAN.-" Atlas," in the World, identifies " the oldest clergyman in the Church of England " in the person of the Rev. John Elliott, Vicar of Randwick, near Stroud, Mr. Elliott was born on December 11), 1701, and has, therefore, lately entered upon his 99th year. He has hold the Vicarage of Randwick for over 70 years, the solo clerical charge of his prolonged life. During his vicariate six Bishops have in succession ruled the Diocese of Gloucester and Bristol (the present Bishop, Dr. Ellicott, has held the mirror for 27 years of the time) Mr. Bartholomew Edwards, who died in the spring of last your (1889), was born March 2, 1788. Archdeacon Philpot and Archdeacon Jones, both lately deceased, wore bom respectively January 9 and October and in the following year, 1870, and Mr. Elliott is, it will be seen, the junior of the last-named by about 10 weeks. We understand that the Rev. Mr. Elliott referred to is the father of Dr. Elliott, of Franklin, and the village of Randwick, in Gloucestershire, is the parent of Randwick, near Sydney, the latter having been founded many years ago by Mr. Simeon Pearce, an emigrant from the former. Time: STORY OF A WATCH. - A region of the projected exhibition of Waterloo relics at Dairy Lane, a correspondent writes to the Globe : - One incident may interest your readers before they see the watch of a hero who fell that day, June 18. He was shot through the body, a bullet enter- ing his chest and out at the back. To say the least it is not a wound one would like, and the doctors of those days had some rules to go by. We hear now of marvellous Wounds, operations and cures, and the victim recovers ; but at Waterloo you were shot through the body; therefore you were, in the eyes of the medico, a dead man, and our hero was told so. no still retained consciousness, and replied, " Take this watch to my biothornnd-tell-him-" more will not said, he fell back insensible. The calls and shrieks of the wounded, the flying shots from Wellington's pursuing army, generally confused the surgeon, and after the search for the dead was made he forgot where he had left the man who was shot through the body, therefore the watch remained in his possession. After the war, he was ordered to join a regiment in Canada, with no opportunity of finding the dead man's brother, as he thought, and the watch went with him to Canada. Three years later our hero, , having recovered in some wonderful way (perhaps because he was left alone), was at a dinner party at Bath, and heard amid a dead silence of interest, the story of his death recorded, and his valued property exhibited to the assembled company. It came round at last to him, and to the surprise of tho/Tjrgoon and everybody present he paid, "Cr, then, you are the man who stole the watch 1" ' Had a ghost from Waterloo appeared they could not have been more startled. However, a shake of the hand, with "All right my boy," made the poor surgeon quite happy, though hefolttho "hero" ought to have died on the field. The watch, of peculiar make, was handed down with its story to the hero's godson, and may be sent to our enterprising Augustus's- collection of Waterloo relics. MUD AND PETTICOATS.-" East and ele- gance" was the maxim of the boatswain in '. Midshipman Easy, and the state of Australia during the present summer seems to have led to its practical application by all wearers of petticoats. The sight of a virtuous man struggling with adversity is said to be pleasing to the gods. Virtuous women so situated may be equally satisfactory spectacles for gods, but those we have met lately in our walks abroad have hardly fulfilled a simple mortals ideal of the dignity of suffering There is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous, and most women take it, when laden with parcels and bearing an umbrella, they endeavour to gather up their pondont skirts previous to paddling through the liquid BIUBII of the roadway. One may fancy a philosopher questioning some virtuous British matron (taking care to got a proper introduction to nor lie) in some such fashion as the following :-," Surely the mind of woman is" sufficiently ingenious to invent a dress which shall enable her to use her limbs in a natural manner, and at the same time avoid bedaubed herself with the scrapings' of the roads?" for can imagine the worthy lady replying with some boat that that modesty which is or distinguishing other motorists demands that a quantity of Happing frills shrill wind about her ankles and encumber their movements. If the indiscreet questioner should hint that to his mind displays of muddy Blocking, surmounted by layers of miscellaneous underclothing, appear less decent than a suitable dress, however curtailed its skirts would be, der answer we can predict beforehand. Aigumcntsho holds to be unfeminine, but her opinion on the subject is quite un- changeable because she knows she is right. Perceiving that he is not likely to make much impression on this good lady, the courteous inquirer turns away, to meet, however a more dangerous objector. "Would) you have us look frights ?" Buys the young lady, who picks her way daintily in the virtuous matron's rear. Far from it. A dress in which it would be possible to move freely and gratefully is all that is demanded. Nothing more. The philo Hopliic mind, free from the prejudices of Mrs. Grundy, fails to perceive any indelicacy in the wearing of a pair of neat gaiters. Surely a special walking dress is, as much a necessity in any reasonable scheme of women's dress as a riding habit.; It is to that in the days when men made the best statues of the female form divine, women wore trailing garments (if any), but then the climate of Greece (Hirers from that of England considerably, and in general Greek ladies who respected themselves did not walk abroad or take violent exercise. Besides, Diana adopted a costume to suit the occasion, without the slightest reluct- ance. AiiREBTiN-n A COURSE.- Some month or so since a man named Cooper was fined at the Southwark Police Court for not sending his child to school. The fine not being paid, and there being not sufficient goods to realise the fine, a commitment in due course followed, and was placed in the hands of Sergeant Seymour, j the chief warrant officer of the court. The other evening Warrant- officers Fowler and Moffatt knocked at the door of Mr. Cooper's house in Marigold-street, Jamaica-road, Bermondsey, and asked if he was in, " Yes," replied his wife, who I opened the door, " come in." Both officers I went into the passage and explained, the object of their visit, viz., that they had come to arrest Mr. Cooper. " Oh, have you?" said the wife; "you had better come this way, then ;" and picking up a candle she led them to an inner room, and pushing open the door, said, " There he is in there take him." Casting their eyes around the room, they espied a coffin with the Hill off, and Mr. Cooper lying inside. The officers, it is needless to say, did not execute their warrant., and left the house with feelings Letter imagined than" described. ' , , i . HENRY G none K J.V SYDNEY.-Boing interviewed in Sydney shortly' after his arrival from San Francisco, Mr. George said " The Very '(janie proposals which I advocate in Progress and Poverty 11 am 'advocating now. What change there has been, is in public opinion, which is coming to see that these proposals are reasonable find salutary, instead of being violent and destructive.. In as Progress and Poverty I propose precisely what, I am advocating now, the nlmUtion fall taxes for public revenue, -and the taxing for public purposes by means of taxa- tion of economic rent-that value or pre- mium" which attaches to land, of superior excellence with the growth and improvement of the community-leaving to the landholder the security of possession and the full value of all improvements. The system thus proposed we have come to call the ' single tax, and we find this an exceedingly good name, insomuch as it con- veys a clear idea of our method. What we hope to accomplish in this way is, first, to remove all restrictions upon the production and accumulation of wealth, caving everyone free to make or save, to buy or sell, without restraint or penalty, and 'in-the second place, to do away with all temptation to withhold land from use, and to open to labour and capital tholuimuu factors of production, and the indispensable factor land, upon just and reasonable terms. I was induced to come to Australia by the request of my single-tax friends in these colonies. I have a great desire to curiously your laws and institutions, which are of extreme interest to Americans us you are in several respects in advance of us, and a belief was expressed to me by my friends here, and Australians whom I have met that this country would be the first to adopt the single-tax," EXTRAORDINARY MALINUERI.W.-Dr. Geo. Ti'hope sends to the Lancet an account of a curious case of malingering" on the part of a aovontoeii-yeui -old plump, healthy looking country girl, in service in a minis-' tor's family, who was brought to him by her mistress, complaining of severe pricking pains on, the dorsal surface of the lefthand, , Her mistress informed me, says the doctor, that the girl a us not at all fond of work, and that she had a deal of trouble to get her to do it, that since the hand had been bad she would do nothing but sit down and cry. On examination I found it puffy and inflamed, and on asking if she felt the pricking sensation at any particular point, was referred to a spot in the centre of the hand. On touching this with my finger I distinctly felt something sharp and pointed. I used a pair of dress- ing forceps and extracted a full-sized sewing needle which had been pushed obliquely into the flesh until the whole of it was out of sight. She could give no account of how it got there. Three evenings afterwards she was again brought in, and from the same place and in the same manner I extracted another needle. About a week after she came again, and this time I withdrew a. pin, (which had been pushed in until the head j was covered) from the same place. A few days after she came again with her hand (of course previously, inflamed from her treatment of it very anomalous and of a bright blue colour, which I found she had produced by a liberal use of the blue bag and vinegar. I felt so disgusted with her that I advised her mistress to got rid of her at once, which was done, and the girl returned to the country. It seems hardly credible that a person of shortage could be so cunning, and would inflict so much pain upon herself to avoid work. WINE ! £35 A DROP Wine at £400,000 a bottle is a drink that in expense would rival the taxi nous taste of barbaric splendour, when priceless pearls wore Hu own into the wine cup to give a rich flavour to its contents ; yet in the city of firemen just such a costly beverage may the found. In the wonderful wine cellar under the Hotel de Ville, in the ROBO apartments, there are twelve cases of holy wine, each case inscribed with the name of one of the Apostles. This ancient wine was deposited in its present resting place in the year 1924, 200 years ago. One case of this wine, consisting of live exhorts of 201 bottles, cost 500 six dollars in 1921. including the expense of keeping up the collar, interest on the original outlay, and Interests upon interests, one of these exhorts would to-day cost Cfl5,057,(il0 six dollars, three single bottles 2,273,812 six dollars a glass, or the eighth part of a bottle is worth 340,470 six dollars, or about 154,470 J , 'Or at the rate of 640 six dollars, or 355 per drop ! 