[ Sentence Suspenei^cl^ 111 would hove him nine ye.-irs a-killing.'—0‘TllkLl.d. I ■ • Thcligbt-which pierced through’ihc tmall'l panes of. the.window; ntiil fell upon licVbdqli j u.'ck beginning in grow dim. Tiliii;' chodows j gradually outlined themselves upon the ■ walla of the room, marking the. buttle be- | tween the rays from tlieheiuth-Urc ami those j from the se'tiug eun. . Together with the j twilight came the chill air, settling down i into the vnlley from ilia Euuw-fioida on the mountains. She shivered and drew, tlia el'.nwl a litila closer about her shoulders. An sho did so her even liitcd to tho dock'on tho .'navy elono mantel. “ It is growing late," sr.id she; “he will j return very soon.” She stepped to tho door which led to tbs rear o£ ilm dwelling, and spoke a few words to the housemaid, in a soft, clear voice. Then, crossing to the other eide of the room, she stead for a moment by the'threshold: wbioh made the Hue between tbe veranda and the interior, lit wr.a the eido entrance tc the house, and looking serosa a maze of unkempt flower-beds ono: could seo some distance, down tbe road.- She peered among tho long shadows,'but ho was not in eight. She started to olose the door, but remc- mL'oring that he would then not bo able to ece-tho light of the room, turned away leaving it Open. Tbe firn had burned low; she re newed it with several largo pi; ecu of wood. It began to crackle and blaze cud the light danced merrily upon the wall, as if it were confident of victory over the sun. Now the arranged a large wickur-ehair— hiu-oheir—in front of tho hearth and shook out its heavy eiiken cushions. Over the back she threw a velvet jacket of dark hue. uud between tho chair and iho ftro she placed a pair of smull hat masculine slippers. After standing fora moment with her arms lean ing upon the bask of the chair, she suddenly bfnt her head down and kissed- the. jacket. : Her iiogtrs buried themselves in its soft texture with an almost frantic clutch. Then sho gave a quiet-litila laugh, such as a worann ofthijiy who had caught herself in dulging in young- wife felly, sud resumed her seat by the window. Sho wr.3 directly opposite the open door, and by leaning a little toward the lire she could ece out into the road. Yet she listened rather than looked, for sho know that the first impression which would como to her of his nearness would bo the sound of his horse’s hoofs, as they pounded upon the long wooden culvert some distance away. So she sat, her vision drifting listlessly acrcec the narrow porch to tho gently waving branches of tho trees. And she thought of him—of this man whom she loved with a passion that had mads her forget the world. Suddenly she beheld an apparition just beyond the threshold cf tho door. Thera was an instant during which she gazed with 6 questioning half-fear. Then bUs under 16 was only a dog—a gaunt,-shaggy deer-, hound, with largo,lc-ug limbs and a wolfish head. He had. coma .upon tho porch so noiselessly and so quickly that ho Eeemed to materialise before her vision. Now ho crouched and waiehed her without moving. And she sickened with the icy chill of dread. With a )c-ug, hard effort she drew in her breath and tried to speak, but her threat was frozen. She sat rigidly upright —staring into the amall gray eyes ef tho dog—dumb as lbs apparition Itself. lint terror, like all the greater sen-.ationz of the soul, holds tenure by a short ler.se. In a moment there ‘.van a rc-sclion, and her j mind was firm although her body- still j , -Sb.- tried again to speak, uu i this timelier voice obeyed. “ Viking.’' she called, “ come hnic !” But the dog did not move. She repealed his name several ■ timer, spanking it louder and more firmly. Not. a hair stirred. Them was a deep, hoarse laugh, and a man’s voids from the yard said : You need not try it. Viking is true to She did not start, for now that she had seen the dog the presence of his owner was no surprise; but the blood, which a moment before hsd dropped oni of her face, flushed back; and every feature was luminous'with excitement. “ Viking," called the vc-ico ; “ here 1,7 Tue dog sprang up and suddenly-left the porch. Then' there was thG sound ef a crash ing among the .bushes sud flowers, as though some large bundle- were thrown down, anti the voice said; “Viking! guard 1 Bley j Now was the moment to escape. She could go out from the other side cf the house, run among the trees, and regaining the- read some distance lurthcr down, could worn him of the danger which threatened his life and hers. Shu jumped up and started aurora ths room, but in ilmt instant | came iho heavy step on lbs verandah. It was use lets. As she returned to ths chair, the ceil; figure of a man appear d in the I dor-iway. Tbe space was narrow, tiie man imroeu'cly tall and large, so that as be stood for a moment on tho threshold ha seemed Incut l:c-r off entirely from tho light of the outside world. "PMlip I” ‘ Tfce man in the doerway bowed and then .entered the room. He was ciad in garmints etaiued and tattered by long use in rough out-of-door life. A shaggy black beard covered tho lower part of his face, and tbe .slouched hat of ft mountaineer was drawn down over liis forehead.. But his clsar, strong eye3 were visible, gleaming in tbedim -light,,,.• . ... . ... lie crossed tbe room toward the tiro, still gazing at her fsco. \Vhon he came to the choir'which' the Lad arranged before the hearth, his'eyeii ftuddenly shifted aud fell upon the jacket lying over the back. Ho lifted it up r.nd held it at arm’s length, for an instant, glancing back and forth from lior face to it with a peculiar smilo. Then his jaws came together with o .snap, nn-i- gripping it tight in his great hands, he tore it to pieces. And the Bound of that redding was strangely horrible'to \- Hebrueliod the chair to ono Bide arid came : nearer "to the fire. He did not notice the B’ippcrs, and ihe heels of hie great heavy/ •boots bamst.down• upon.their softdeather, ..crushing it like paper. Then he Rtcod still, ?and lbo.ked.at her. and waited. ; At iast'sho found'voice to speak, and the 'wordd, to her own surprise, seomed to be ut tered will perfect calmness. “ You have come to kill me.” The man started back. “Hal So that, is what you were thinking/ . ; Helen, how little you know mo 1" He drew hia hand down the edges of the rough.besrd, watching her with a quiet, al most gentle gt-z?. And a great part of her terror suddenly disappeared. If her life were spared, she could certainly warn her lover in tim'e to save him. “ Only cowardskill women,” ho eaid. “Then what ia it—why are ycu here V l/or answer, lie locked down at tho torn fragments ol the garment at hia feet, and their through tire open door up the road. ‘.‘I understand,” she said, almost fiercely ; “you intend to kill— him.” "“it would n’eC bo stYSfige ifTwsslieijJto take his life,” he said; “tho recompense would fco small enough. Think of how muoh more Ihun life he robbed me, when he lured you away.” He did not lure mo,” she answered, quickly; “ I loved him.” “Yes. I believe that you did.” “I love him now,” ebo burst out,.pas sionately—“a thousand times belter, if that wera possible, than I did when vve—-wa came here. Life for mo bolds nothing but this love—all the vest is gone. Yet I am happy —you can not understand—I oannot tell Bhs slopped, for his faco wore o grim and terrible smile, visible even under the heavy “1 bavG no doubt that you wers'happy,” said be, “ though it i3 quite probable, as you say, that I foil to comprehend it.” ’ Alter a moment's silence, he continued: “Helen, this i3 a scene which I have often pictured to myself during ths past two years—when I Ebould stand face to face with you.and listen to what you have to say in defence of. your self and of him.^ I am curious to bear it rill. Wil yqunot gVon?” He waited, but she did hot-speak, 't,:i3ome;- ■ You say that yon.loved him end that" you were happy. Well,.Unit is some thine.. .What eke kayo you to offer?" . ..“Nothing."',— .’ ' ' ."I’orbf.pa I was unhind to you. I did not .nj»y be that you folt I was not tsutii'ihp Jim no I should have done?” “ Oi>, Philip, pjjuio me!” Ho pushed up bis hat.and passed bis large, bronzed band over-bis forehead, smoothing out tbc savage wrinkles; with which it web corrugated. Hia face was calm and stern— without anger, but also without pity; and she, looking up through the Cugers with which she had half-covered her eyes in an instinctive gesture oi shame, folt her heart sink .anew., ‘• It is Btraugo, very strange,” said-he, slowly, r She saw in his eyes whot ho was about to nay, pud; lowering her handa from her face, looked steadily at him. . “ It.ia siftinge, Helen, that I should have loved yod‘BO well during these yours we have been Separated—and that I should still love •ywtt bq3$U..”; --- "Yes; yon must Ioyo me, indeed," she Baj9;;hrttalyi‘!i. ■‘‘ I do,indeed,"hereplied ; "you have just said that I could not understand how happy you have been—and are. Perhaps you can not nndeietaud in what way I lovo you,” ‘•I can uudorstand'-how yon would show j it. Oaring these yearn you havo hunted c-very where to find me, that you might de- j stray my happiness. At last yon aro succeee- ! in!--" • j “ At last—yes—as yon cay." ! "And you will kill him—I know that you can kill him; and you are strong and ho is • “ Yes,” lie interrupted, hia faoe blazing again . w ith: the fury, of bats, " I could kill ; him. L might meet him down the road—it is growing dark. I could seize tho bridle of bis horse; beiofiS’hediscovorad me, and .‘drag him down froin tha saddle. Then, with this knife I-” tho words- ended in a long hiss. Ilia rage did not frighten her ns hia calm ness did. The picture which ho drew was borriblo enough; but it had somehow been familiar to her thoughts from the first moment when she had discovered the dog. Her anger rose with his, and, springing out of the ohair,'she confronted him with a de fiant, unfeminine sneer. “ Yet you say that you love me, and you know that this man controls all my happi ness in life.” Ho staved at her blankly for an instant, as if suddenly recalled to the situation. When he spoke hia voice was quiet and sad. “ Ye?,” he eaid, “you arc rigbt. It ib so. Hu controls your happiness.” Something in the tone with which he spoke caused her to add, quickly : “Aod I do not tear to trnst him.with it.” “ Ah,” he said ; “ that seems to eome from ‘‘it does." “ Then 1 am afraid that I hove more to tell you than I supposed.” She laughed ecoinfuily. “ J een imagine wbat you would say—that lie wiii tire of me and-” “ Sit down and listen.” Tt v.113 a command, net a request, and it a tu bed tbc words back into her throat. She ohiiyt il. ■‘Pitst 1st mu correct a little mistake,” said ho ; " it may not seem important, yet it will servo to make you understand my ac tions belter.. You say that I have spout all of these years starching for you, and have just found you." "Yes.”1 “ Tell me whiit-; became of the dog which bo formerly earned.’-’ Sim started and looked at him with won “ it’ was hided one night Boon after wo camelicro by acme strange animal.” " By Viking 1" She drew in her breath, with a short, q-rck cerh, and repeated, in a whisper: j " YcbT Now tell rue this. Tho eat’s-eye, i which I gave to you and you had set in a | ring for him—where is it ?" " Ho was robbed—sijc-ar sga-” eho began, faintly, and he intcriaptod, " Ho was set open Iste at night on tho road near the town, wee ho not, by a masked ! highway maul Hid he not describe the mail j to you—a great, strong fellow, Rilcnt as ft I ghost? As lor the ring-" " . j ' He stretched o'ut his douched hand under j her feco, and. from ono of tho hairy fingers the cat's-eye lev. -d up at her. ’ | ‘‘While you have b en living out your j brief span g! happiness here-,” said be, draw ing bauk hia hand, " Viking ard £ have been quietly watching you fr.m the mountains j acove. His dog hampered my movements, j so I had Viking kill him. Often at night, j when you and ho spent tbs evening to- : gelier by this fire, I gazed on you through j that window. ’ You need not start end look j around. I am litre now, not (hire. Per E-.-tuo reason, I could not endure it that ho should wear that line—20 I stopped him on tho road and took it away. | “ Why did I spare bis iifs? Why havo I, through all this time, looked upon his! happiness as q damned son! watches ouo in ! i Pvradiso ? H!b death was from the first ! deere-cd in my besrt, but I have bec-n content to allow the sentence to remain suspended. A hundred times he has coma within reach of my arm—nnd I havo drawn back and said ‘ Not yet.’” He stopped suddenly, and she, hanging upon his words, could not but stammer tho question: “ For what reason ?" “ Because your happiness depended on j him —and I loved you. As long ns lie was tiue to you, he should suffer no harm from “Then what brings you now?" \- lie gazed long and fixedly at lisr without replying. Presently he said : “ Can it be that you have no suspicion ?” “ Suspicion of him ? None,”'the Bain, proudly. “Strange! But now I remember that two years sgo I mystli had no thought—’’ trust him, for T know that ha loves “ Yes,-and I.'onoe truslod him for tho same poor reason. Now, Inden t yob rarely go to • the town'below, and you dp-not know bow .hiajiu3oi3-Bpci.it." ... .......... " That is truth” ' ' ' “But I have those thero-wbo watch his every movement? I myself, in.dieguise, have often been near-him for hours at a iinia. I know— and-you do not. No.w'tell vne, Helen, in the years, that we were together—hus band arid wife-^did:I-ever Ecok to deceive ^No, Philip,” she eaid.-breatbleesly, “Then you may know that you hear tho tiutli from riie now. This man no longer loves you; he has not been truo to you. For eome lime bo hen been planning to go with a woman of tho villogo back to-” “It is false!" “ It i3 true! This very night-" “ It is false ! I will not believo it—I will not listen to it." She leaped from her ohair and started across the room toward tho door. Ho grasped her hand and held her firmly.... ■ "You shell listen. Itjb part of your -punishment. .’.Ihis.tusp, for whom you eo readily sacrificed' everything, has -tired of you, and would throw you aside, as you would a flower that has lost its porfumo. He would desert you—abandon you—as you did me. IliB plans were formed some weeks ago, and this is the night that ho set for his departure.” lie paused for p. moment. “ Well,” she said, calmly. “ Y'ou do not believo mo?" “No," “ Yet you say I never told you anything that was false." “ Never, until now." . Ho laughed snvagc-Iy. “ Well," ho said, “the proof oi nil this is not far away. You aro expecting him " Kvery minute.” " He will not come. Helen, ho will never come to you again." ■ “na,” she cried out, with a sudden scream; “listen—listen I Do you not hear it—the hoof-beats,pi his horse ? Ho is com ics—coming n’onSiP She struggled^® wrench her arm free from his graspY-'-^IIe loosed hia hold and stepped to the do&fr; It had grown quite dark vyithout, though the moon waaifiowly rising abovo tho tops of the trees. * “Viking,” be called aloud to tho dog; “ charge—down !” . The annual crouched“ lower , among the flowers .ever...the. dart object that ho guarded.' ' : SHe'continneiKcNefeat:- •• .-.t’;-..-; •• no is coming—ho is coming,” as though her power of thought could not pasa beyond tho one idea. Tho man turned book tocvnrd tho centra of the room. Suddenly, with a suppressed cry, she fell on her knees at his foot, her hands olutohing the folds of hie long coat. “My Godl” she screamed; “ I had for gotten. HU oomes to liia death, -You ate waiting to kill him. Oil, Philip “Hueh,- woman!”, ho oried;.“,it is not he 1” The Bound pf tho hoofs of tho galloping horse came nearer. “ L know that it is. It must be. Promise mo that you will..sp-iru him. You are wrong, I tell you. He loves trie, and is trua to mo. And ho is,coming hack. Only spare his life—I will bn yourslavc—r-"- ; ^ 1I« lore her banda-lconplrom his coat,and, lilting her to her feet, pushed her back into the uheir near the fire.' “Listen—listCD,” he paid ; “I will pro mise you this. Whoever comes shall depart unharmed by me. I).o you understand?” . She bowed ' her head, . trembling. Tug rider hud oomo into the yRrd and was dis mounting near tho door. • Tho bright light of the bearth-stonstbonccut over a small cii:ic:i on tho verandah, toward which eho tui nod her eager eyes. “ Put this 13 not your lover,” he eaid, in a low whisper. '' Ho camo to tho door jufet as the rider’s foot grated upon tho 3tep. She, listening, presently - beard tho sound of a strange voice. Some one bring ing a note for her? From him? She started np, her hands pressed together, and her heart •beating wildly with'an an guishing dread. What did it mean ? Now tho rider mounted again, and thero was again tho thud of tho hoof heats. They passed down ths road, growing fainter— fainter—in tho still air. Through the open dcor Ehe eould cco beyond tho fire-lighted finer of tho porch, out under the trees. There was a great round spot of while where tho. Btrong moonbeams centred through an opening in tho branches. How round it v.as, aud how white ! It was odd that it Bhould form that circle just whero tho nog lay. And the katydid’s note was so shrill, but all eleo \- At last! nis dark face appeared again it; the doorway. In his hand ha held a small white envelope extended toward her. She ior.ged to reach out-snd grasp it; bother will seemed unequal to tfce task ol lifting her “Here,” he said; “this is for you to read. Suall I make alight?” “The fire—I can see,” she muttered, Siia followed hiiu nearer to tho flames. He pushed the note into her hand, and with trembling lingers she Eought to remove the “ Let mo take it,” ha said, and in a mo ment the shreds ol the envelope were flutter ing to the floor. “Now read.” She took tho letter from his hand and held the opened sheet so that tho fire- light phono full upon it. As her oyc3 fell upon tho first words, eho shivered and then cringed as if under the blows of a whip. “Go on,”ha cried; “ read all that bo has to say.” Put sbo did not hoar him. Her eyes were dizzily following tho lines dowu tho page. “ Now you wiil understand why his sentence is no longer, emper.dcd, and why I am hero to- night.” Tho paper dropped from her bauds, and she looked up at him. “ Come,” he said, hoarsely; “there is one thing more. Get up 1 Ha, you shall ccr.'.c if I must drag you. You need not struggle. There, do--you sto in tho moonlight—cut of the way, Viking I—do yon sco it ?—some slorev to Iho edge cf the porch—his white face turned upward among the flowers? I killed him only an hour ago, uud brought him here—to you. “Coma, Viking 1 Let ua^ go back to our mountaioB.” 