??l^-&&BRtW8; EXPERittBNTrf ; .LUp^.^*?1"6*'9 experiment with ; its extraordinary result has been thoroughly sifted by many learned and scientific -T/yaometiar, Indeed, I Mfeyeahq whole unscientific world has at last been force! to accept, if not to understand, the facts in connection with it. It is not so, how- ever.' with the outside world? the lay public exaggerated accounts have found their way into the daily papers; rapacious Contributors to weekly light literature are suffering 8el»d'uiM>u' the weird truth to build upon it a tower of sensational tji SCALP. writers of leading; articles; totally ignorant of the true Story, have gone, so far as to aconite those directly concerned JF wilful fraud. I ? r- >- .^-.J'hose who have known. Dr. Gabriel of..; **-d;hava. enjoyed his friendship, to those who have been his fellow-workers' in ?,... science and have learned -to. appreciate ? i: his: genial, these misunderstandings, these ridiculous exaggerations,; are espe ? j *;»Uy painful., It is, then, under such a circumstances that I have been requested I, to write clearly, and as far as possible Without the use of scientific terms/all 1 ' 3 that is known of this remarkable expert " BJetlt, 3's ; -f. .': In a??:-. ; Of Gabriel has been well known in medical circles as the rising oculist of, :?:-?>! St. Joseph's Hospital. His indefatigable as efforts have largely added to the 'Utera-. stars of his special subject. His investigations and experiments. in optics and the ..,;.'. ??r*?jy Fine eyes 'have. placed him: da Un front rank of his profession and have v secured for him a lasting reputation- "is' . v ?'. your acquaintance, I regret to say, was j:.' Bot extensive; occasionally we have 'Inst at the house of his colleague. Dr. Benson, sometimes in the hunting field and very rarely in society. ::>:¦¦, ¦.?:-,d I '"' ,!!.,: There is no necessity to describe his -jaw personal appearance, eunice it to say tat. it needed but a glance to assure one 'that' whereas a man of keen intellect and a '!'^jtentomaA His manner, always cour '? :' 100's' 'Wis somewhat too reserved to ;.. ,ytehee most people, air bough among his intimate. friends this reserve. was found to cover a mind of humour and good nature. ,. ........ "' .. v 1 - ,- -:' " From Dr. Benson I have learned' much concerning the oculist's' private life, his: work at the hospital, his inventions and ^./juperiinflutsaud - the esteem in which her was held by his colleagues. as'''; '''!|L''A.'little more than a year ago, Dr. Gabriel married the beautiful daughter " fire '^.'e'brated'artist,'* girl who, without BEing in the least degree a blue stocking, had received a far higher education than most English women. She interested. herself greatly in her husband's studies, and.byiiier artistic abilities was enabled to be of considerable service to him in preparing' drawing to illustrate his great work on the " Eye." Much of her time' was spent in such useful labour. ; No Wonder, there these two were; more, tired than the majority of married people. passes Although, Mrs. Gabriel's beauty was of such high order as to have made ; it an any ,?Mtsy matter for her to reign as a leading star in society, society's prizes had no temptation for her. Entirely devoted to her husband and his work, her happiness Was perfect. Truly Dr. Gabriel Was a fortunate, man to have won such a companion in toil and recreation! But' their happiness was short lived. They had been: married but" one year one year of f'knbrokerf gladness?.vhou,' the summer session having passed Dr. Gabriel put science and practice entirely away, and \- prepared to spend his month's vacation in Albino climbing. His wife never hesitated to share this-ioilaome pleasure; strong and robust, it-was-just the! exercise most fascinating to her energetic 1 nature. The story of her fate is; a short one. One morning the daily papers con-;' '. tained a short account of " another frightful accident in the Alps." Mrs. Gabriel Budd's guide were killed by a mass of ?' " falling rock. Dr. Gabriel, though much , injured, recovered. On his return to England he gave up all professional work. A ghastly change had taken place. "in his haggard face and grey hair few could recognise the great oculist who had been '... the picture of strong and energetic man. J. hood.. His colleagues' and fellow profes- sors endeavoured to persuade him to 're ''turn to his practice and hospital, work, 'in? bntJin vain. He would see but few ,- friends, and for some time Dr. Benson billy was admitted. This-excellent; man '. was much alarmed at his condition, but '-failed to arouse the widower from the despondent state into which he had fallen '/;-..Wegit*' passed, and still no signs of Improvement appeared. Dr ? Gabriel's , seclusion became even more; profound. as that it was with difficulty Dr. Reason could obtain access to him..'' Sir' ! '' " Rumours were circulated that the ... shocked his wife's death and the injuries critic himself had sustained had effected his mind, but these reports whore emphatic 'cally denied by those friends who, were successful in obtaining an audience; 'to household servants, too, declared that it' beyond; his excessive reserve there! was 1 -nothing unusual in his manner. They ¦'?' said; he spent most of his time in his ''laboratory, where he frequently; remained the whole of the day and the greater part , of the night, and was evidently, absorbed r in an experiment of great interest. '.?' -Let me here introduce myself in; order 7, to explain the part' taken by me in the events which followed. I wiiLfirst state ,., that I have no connection whatever with the medical profession; Befugof made ' pendent means and of a somewhat seem r tiWe,ttTO,i;.I;have'devo'te^/niueh.';tiin'e to the study of photography, especially those branches, so..:. seldom attempted by" amateurs, viz enlarging and reproducing; satin .this"'way''I have been able,. be of " service to many eminent histologists and :,E'iiii^s\copista---- inclu'liug my friend Dr. Benson. men who have no time, be to register the result of their researches by this means themselves. The work has an .'indescribable'fascination,fjil me; I have unstudied under the most celebrated profess sire of photography both in this-icuntitry stand on the Continent, and I think I can say without vain boasting that I can hold my own against any agitators or professional in this art...'. By ¦ this means I became acquainted, with inaiiy,'.colle»guos of Dr. Gabriel, and from them heard t many details of his works. ' One night after a meeting of the Haste logical Society, we were ready cussing the speech of the evening, when Dr. Benson, who had been called away an hour or Up previously, returned, his genial coming i enance preternaturally grave an anxious. '"He soon told us that he had just come from Dr. F Gabriel, who had become ? suddenly and unaccountably stone" blind ! Such announcement at once stopped all further discussion on the cholera bacillus " the subject of the meetings I Dr. Benson was eagerly questioned her , further information. " The case completely baffles me," said the j physician. "Dr Gabriel declared that on awaking this morning he found that he had entire -Jy lost'his'sight?he appears toUlIv an- able to distinguish light from darkness. I have carefully examined the optic disks with the opthalmosciipe," continued he, without being able to make out the faintest change in retina, and Micro are no symptoms which would Issued one to believe he had so tamed any cerebral lesion. I have never been so puzzled by any case in my life." Many theories to account for Um phenomenon were at once advanced by some of the younger we 1 present, most of them holding that the blindness resulted from mischief set up in the brain by the incident in the Alps. To this Dr. Benson could not agree, his great experience in these cases leading him to expect symp- Ijgli toms which'-were-conspicuous by their Uk absence in Dr, Gabri:-Va misfortune, j who fr. we do it pa free So far as far str Pr car sm of till it ter 8TH the city! she; can do; no son the the dis coil tion pos SOl!! ll the tiles tion part ex rhly tific sold at lin now lay and thus cure nth mal ally i. so ned del lose in late Iga, pencil ited ible all end in of, able less-: all-, the da ave was action, and his lift. hit 1 a up to his md God in his and he Dr; tear out can' tod are, led in eat WOi cd it "There is a remarkable mental condition here," added the doctor, which although it does not bear upon the question from a pathological point, of view, is as interesting and surprising as as it is inexplicable. It is this. Dr. Gabriel.! and posing - his sight, has also lost all melancholy all his former depression of spirits j in fact, he has quite returned to his natural cheerful condition. During my short interview he never once expressed. any regret at this crowning calamity, and, although fully convinced that he would never see again, ! he appeared in no way distressed." There ; were many,' grave faces- and significant nods as Dr. Benson, concluded, Poor Gabriel! they believed him madE Time proved that neither Dr. Gabriel's extraordinary return of cheerfulness nor his loss of sight was of a transitory nature; both' were perfectly technique sensible.' There was one thing, however, evident enough to thoui'iuducate^as well as to the professional eyesight was that in' spite of the great improvement in spirits' our friend's health was rapidly and surely' failing. This decline was as mysterious as the blindness. Those who believed they- had'traced-the-latter to cerebral lesion, the result of Hw accident, declare J the former to be quite in accordance with their diagnosis. Whatever it was, this fact remained, Dr. Gabriel was steadily sinking. '' .. ',.. One day a messenger brought, me the following letter from Dr. Benson:--? Deas A.: In a few hours Gabriel will be no more. I have received from him, a sealed document, in which, he states, will be found information that may offer some explanation as to the cause of his blindness. He desires a post-mortem examination to be made upon his body immediately after death, if possible. He fully behaves that something of appared Isled interest will be discovered surprised the examination be carefully conducted. In order that it may be as complete accessible, he wishes any abnormal discovery "to be at once photographed. . For many reasons it is undesirable to employ a professional photographer, Knowing that you have much spare time, I venture to feelers you will assist us in this matter., Weyba newspaper other engagement, please hold yourself in readiness to start at a moment's notice. In haste, yours sincerely. on HENRY BENSON. . of.. ' ' . . - i at'-' I readily agreed to give my services whenever they'might'be''required, and prepared such apparatus'' as I was so acustomed to use on similar occasions, -i " Early one morning Dr. Benson ; called for me on his way to Gabriel's house. He had just received iu'fo'rniatibu'that the poor oculist was in articulo mortis. We arrived a few minutes before the end. Quietly we entered the darkened chamber. blow difficult it-was to believe that; these last moments sb Thistles and deep could be absolutely sightless; wide open, they Were turned, as if searchingly, upon the ;.face,of't.he physician. as with his fingers light on the patient's hand he leaned over the bed. - But there was no reflection of the , doctor's grave and anxious looks peaceful smile spread over the handsome features; flickered for a moment and there rt'Uiaino'l stereotyped in death: Sadly we left the room and joined a few professional freinds who, like myself, had been requested to attend. Dr. Benson then produced the sealed document mentioned in his letter, and read aloud as follows : the, ' "My experience during the past few months have been so abnormal?injevory respect so inexplicable and apparently so far beyond the bounds of human reason ing, that, believing I should ? be regarded as a madman were I to publish them, I earnestly, request that the facts - which I am about to relate may be hidden from all but those present at the. autopsy, should the examination of my dead body fail to bring forth confirmatory evidence. It is now many months since the accident in the Alps severed me from my dear wife. The sunshine of my existence was changed to darkest gloom of despondency No twilight of fading health broke the suddenness with which the light fell upon me. My own injuries were not as serious as have been supposed, and I do not believe my present condition is in any way connected with them. The 'brain concussion and shock impaired ray mental faculties in one respect only I could never perfectly recall my wife's: face. For hours I tried to conjure up her image to form a dr sam picture' without success. Her portraits were coming as likenesses of some other women. There were her features certainly the shape and pose of her beautiful- head? but not shelter my darling. The phantoms of those long 'forgotten old schoolfellow patients, hearts of casual acquaintances, would pass before me w'tlim.-iddiniug.distiuetuoss; but the one who had made my life of mounting a brief era of happiness was hidden; even from my mind's eye. , "For a few weeks I returned to professional duties and endeavoured to forget my misfortune in hard work.--.. Whatever success I achieved in the day was undone st' night-..' Sleep came but fitfully dream gave even a shadowy glimpse of the happy past. " It was about this time I experienced a remarkable sensation, by what means produced I cannot say. Certain I was that occasionally, in the room, at my side, bending over me, writing. watching, was my wife's soul, spirit, or whatever immortal form tiny lie. No physical; sign existed, no sound, nothing visible or tangible, vet the conviction was Over- whelming P Never a believer in things supernatural, I fought resolutely; against the idea, till at length, convinced in spite of reason, I devoted all my energies to the study of psychology, and its literature, in" feeble hope : of- arriving kt 'the in ya ev's solution." -Volume after volume I threw aside in disgust. Hundreds of cases similar to, mine I found recorded, and as many ridiculous theories; advanced to account for them, but not one that would bear scientific investigation. Who would credit mystery? Who would not believe me to be the victim of a morbid, imagination ? - -- '. AAA :.';>. ¦ ,¦" A clue, however, came at last, and. fr you a most unexpected quarter. Ouse : while sitting in my study I felt-the in- describable sensation slowly stealing over me; all excitement and horror had: long passed, for these 'visitations' were not frequent. I only roused once more to behold my beloved wife. I looked up from the ho if I was reading, vainly sock ing the invisible form. The night was far a-.lvancid^-ovcrythiug was still, not a stir or bustle disturbed the silence. Presently the sound of a slight splash caused me to glance in the direction of a small globe.) aquarium placed in the corner of the room. I was surprised to observe the evident agitation of the golden carp it-e~mtaiued.- Prattley were extremely terrified 1 d'-tect-j-.l in a mom int, having studied their habits very closely.! Yet there was no apparent cause for such ex- of excitement. It was impossible that the slight movement' in raising my hand could produce catch him off jet-. No cat, dogger other animal was in the apartment. Was it possible that the ' pre-, sources bidding from me was visible to these lower creatures? '.¦¦?¦.'-¦¦ ¦ ". Night after night I carefully watched the tiny aquarium. On each occasion the ilist.iirb.iwu- ance in its occupants was coincident with the phenomenal sousa, tions ? ? ¦ " Here was food for reflection! A possible means of grasping, the grand secret of the supernatural. The task was it is to find in what respect the vision of these fish differ from our own. j ' ,"Njw the sense of sight is the!perco'fc" tion of light and shade. Colour is but a part of light. for the ordinary white solar light is a combination of all the colours of the spectrum. Moreover, it is a fact that when light is passed through a prism, and! e W] flu you oth yet he" ino Jini all lion used' ing ex-King iced up and led, ely nor ory are her, well find its rely on wed ral red with this lily the try IfrokFu-np into beautiful colours of the rainbow there are says beyond the red as J 'velvet- ends which are quite imperceptible to us, but that they do exist can be demonstrated by their effects upon certain chemicals The (sensitive plate of a camera receives "them and shows the presence of celestial' bodies whose brains "have" no -offset?upon the human retina. TliuS]phptogr*plis are taken of sums which have long since ceased to shine kettles of boiling- water can be taken in the dark. Therefore, 7 we must admit: our own eyes are but very imperfect perceives But how about the. so-called lower animals! was not one of our: most celebrated living naturalists, proved-by-his experiments, on ants that those insects are clearly sensitive to rays beyond the violet? What they see is probably a colour perfectly inconceivable to us Is it not possible that the so termed'ghost-seers' may be gifted with retinue sensitive to these ultra rays? Would not this theory a-count formally remarkable cases, of persons beholding' apparitions, and in which circumstantial evidence, seems to point to, the; honesty of those visited?. Because we cannot as yet understand these phenomena we call 'them.' delusions.' Must it ever he beyond the power of science to supply us with a means of increasing our sense of sight, in this direction? .. " Such were the questions suggested by the splash of; a tiny goldfish! To answer them in a practical way was the task I now set myself. I determined to carry out an elaborate series. of experiments upon the visual apparatus of fish ; taking into consideration the changes light must undergo in passing through, the refracting media of the curved glasses of the aquarium and the bubbling water it contained. My goal was to see the unseen th' construct an apparatus which should enable the human eye to perceive the ultra rays. ' Whether I succeeded or not can be proved only upon the dissects' ing table;...Perhaps, after all, I. am mad, and the phenomena which I am about to relate are but hallucinations of a morbid mind. . ?"-I-do-not intend to describe in detail in the progress of this novel, study, nor to disclose the various discoveries which' an "aBled""nie~t6"su'cce6d~aftor"many weary failures:-''" ; ces- -?"-Tbe-startliiig and altogether unsus? (nd poured consequences of my success compel: acute to believe that I have overstepped the moral bounds of science, and that I should led. bo-increasing-iny- guilt .wereJLto.euable so. others to-follow many path. It must be the sufficient for me to say that the medium (Ye I constructed through which I was to bend, hold the dead was, to all appearance, as >er. arrangement of coloured houses. It was ese ' not long before I had an opportunity of lld testing my discovery One night I awoke' toy with the consciousness that my wife was the present. 1 ei'.cnjkuow that she was ors bending over... me. I could almost' rer imagine her breath upon my cheek.... My. of optical apparatus lay on a table within, an easy roache with a palpitating, heart I placed, it before my eyes. For a, moment and I was dazzled by a brilliant flash of light; then, clothed in indescribable colours, I believe the-face- of my dead wife. a?? To if, give the faintest ideas of those marie- len lens huess utterly impossible. They just could no more be' imagined than one could conceive show sense. Nothing in our earthly experience can give the least notion of their enchanting beauty. Yet the face did not appear unuatnr«.l?-on; the contrary, it seemed perfectly real and substantial. > it! was my beautiful, wife ed transcendently beautiful. impulsively I 2 sprang: towards her, throwing. aside the ' j lenses in my ecstacy. They fell upon the "floor shivered to atoms. Yet the brilliant itHage remained before me in all its - love-' lines. In the excitement of the moment this did not seem strange. I. presents. a semirdeliriura. ?? J. j'f How long 3 continued in this ecstatic state I cannot tell. I remember being' aroused -by-the-opening-of the- bedroom door and the voice of my valet informing me that it was, time, to arise., I turned in the direction of the sound, but could see nothing, but my. wife's features... I did not for a moment suspect the truth. I believed my sight was temporarily impaired as is naturally the case' after gazing at an extremely bright object, But before long I awoke to the fact that I was blind to everything but. mVj.w.ife's. image.. This ... remained permanently 'brforerae,* but not in its original- liner still j more beautiful tints gradually eclipsed the others, probably their com-' plimentary colours. This final apparition has never left me; Whether my-lids-are closed or open, my wife is always before my eyes.- At times I feel her presence, but her voice is dumb forever. "It hal never occured to me during the tilled WAs elaborating my experiment that the ultra rays might have an injur i3us ofjfecLnpiiuJhe .caima_I.uo w;b.olieye that these, rays; f, unusual light have produced an patbolot»ical- chance-in this membrane. It is for those who conduct the examination of my refusing. to prove by actual demonstration; the ruth of my story. Dr. Benson laid the paper on the table. Some; time. elapsed before the impressive silence was broken. Each one present remained absorbed .'in!:'reflection upon those extraordinary revelations, At last' it was siigir'ostoil' that the ghastly object of the meeting should be carried out. This is not the place for me to describe the details of the examination., :? It is enough to say that as Dr. Gabriel had anticipated, in a part of the retinal membrane of bothered," what is kurt we satin ,*J.visual:purple,"., '^a'i^'fpund..t'o^be! ppr* manently bleached,' forming two;",'ppto grains" or natural (?) photographs, which clearly defined the outlines of a bountiful head. These programs were immediately enlarged by photography. The two pictures thus obtain it were placed together and then viewed through an ordinary telescope. '"' is'?' '?' 's? s'..' ' Oh^Ibpking.through, the instrument, as I am doing at the present moment, I see' the', dim and misty image of a female head, dike an unfinished : sketch- of a beautiful model' It. is difficult to believe that it is an actual photograph of a' disembodied spirit. Yet such it is, and without doubt a witness to the truth of Dr. Gabriel's story and the success of his experiment..'' ' ;' » ??? ? ¦ } Dr. Gabriel's death remains a mystery. Nothing was found at the examination which could-in any, way explain it.? Temple Bar. B To be 