THE CONTRIBUTOR HOLY TONGA. BY " THE VAGABOND. " AT VAVAU. \- At Vavau I meet tho Bet. J. B. "Watkin, president of the "Free Church of Tonga." Until five years ago this gentleman was a clergy man of the Wcslcynn church, a part of his lifo having been spent as a missionary in Tonga, where he earned the lovo and esteem of King George and his people. When in 1881 Mr. "Wat- kin was removed from' Tonga' hud appointed to a " station" in New South Wales. King George was wrath. Mr. Watkin was afterwards re instated at Vavau as " superintendent," but" Mr. Moultoii, the obnoxious, was retained as "chair man" at Nukualofa, the capital. If Mr. Moulton had not been so appointed, and if Mr. "Watkin in his stead had been appointed chairman, a position hb had held for a short time after Mr. Shirley Baker resigned, I think Tonga might have remained "Wesleyan to- this day. For if King George has confidence in Mr. Baker as his Prime Minister, he has . love for Mr. "Watkin as his spiritual guide. King Georgo, I think, judges -men aright. Mr. "Watkin comes "of a family noted, in tlic old worhVand in Australia, for stcadfast work in the cause of religion. In heading . the Freo Church movemont-I do not think lie was actuated by ambition, but by a true regaid for the spiritual welfare of Tonga ;and itspeople. Personally, Miv "W at kin is a mild man. ver 50 and loqkingliis years. _ He is diessed in a clerical black suit, which seem3 strangely out of place in this olimatb. - But King George has a Conservative idea that clergymen should always appear in their black costume, the badge of their craft. He himself often assumes a black suit, and white linen in which ho looks less royal than . in lava-lava and flannel shirt. Mr. Watkin therefore humors tho King's wish in' wearing black, to his own discomfort. A good, courteous and kind man, Mr. Watkin in non-essentials, would, I think, always give way. Not, however, from the collie dog temperament, but from the truer instinct embodied in the lines "We are eaclr and all another's, And the heart that gives most freely of its riches hath the more. Mr. Watkin has not an evil word to say. against any one. Ho and the Rev. Mr. James, the now Wesleyan pastor, at; Nukualofa, are the two best Christians I have met in the group. . ; . . " . ,";k - " The religious bitterness in Tonga is, in fact, kept up entirely from Australia. If the "New South Walo3 Conference " no -longer paid Sir. Crosby's salary, thnt gentleman," would' not remain hero at Vavau to endeavor, without suc cess, to entice the adherents of tho Free Church to join the Wosloyans, and to say evil, things against Mr. Baker and King George, and fan the animosity of the latter against tlio Wesleyan body. For there is no doubt that the old King of Tonga is very bitter against that religious body with which be was so long connected. And this feeling has extended to hatred to England. For the consular representatives of England in Tonga appear to havo been always willing to support' the Wesleyan claims for tho church sites and church furnituro, aud "trustee funds," which lung George says," in justice, wore, the property of the chiefs and people, and not of the alien Australian Conference.- It is absurd that there should be somo 50 churoh sites occu pied by 50 native churches, all unoccupied and useless, and which, overgrown with bush, are nuisances to the vllages. The statomonts made in English and Australian newspapers of the "persecution in Tonga "' havo also greatly aroused tho ire of the old king, who writes to the missionaries— "When I went to Samoa, and went to Niua and. compelled them to become Wcsleyans, you wero pleased; and I fought with Tonga also, and killed a great many to make them Wcsleyans, and you praised mo - and exalted me to tho skies. But when I command them to become Freo Church you aro angry aud say I am a murderer, but who can say that I have killed any ono because ha does hot wish to become Free Church?" The visit of Sir Charles Mitchell in H.M.S. Diamond in 1887 was also a bitter cause of oft'onco to King George. One can feel a sym pathy with this bid warrior when ho says.: "After the arrival of the vessel of war with the Governor of Fiji to judgo Tonga my mind was fully made up never to join a churoh which had brought a man of , war to interfere with us." - This . action of ; thb Wesleyan com- . munity in instigating tbo British authori ties to interfere in Tonga is exactly on a "par with -that of the Gorman Trading Com pany whioli instigated the interference of , tho \ German men-of-war in Samoa. King George of , Tonga detests England as much as King Malie- toa' of Samoa does Germany. And but for Mr. Shirley Baker there is a great probability ; that Tonga would ore this have been annexed by Germany. " ' But when the king is dead what will his buo- \- cessor say? Who is going to bo the next ; monarch of Tonga? If you ask William Tungi : bo will tell you he is to bo king, in which case I think civilisation would not advance in Tonga. According to the constitution of Tonga the Crown and Throno aro to bo possessed for over by King George and his male heirs. Failing these tho female descendants of King George and tiieir hoirs are to possess the throne. Fniling these it is to go to William . Tungi and to his hoirs. Now, all tho . mnlo descendants in tho direct male line from King George are dead, tho last being Prince Lefoni, or Laifoni, who has just died at Vavau. But Mr. Baker tells mo thoro Is a great grand son by femnlo descent, who will bo nominated Crown Princo by tho king, and. who will bo educated up to his position. Whoever King Ceorgc nominates as his successor wo may bo euro will bo aeoepted by tho people. William Tungi is in Vavau at tho present time on n t nalanga. Thore has boon a big katoanga and knraicanga, much feasting and dancing at Vavau on account of the Prince's death and tho nomination of a new governor. The Royal band lias been brought up here on the Wninui to add stato to the proceedings. 1500 pigs havo been slaughtered and eaten. The l:ava bowl ban been kept flowing. Tungi, who in esse is Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, as well as-'a king in posse, has done, his share in the -feasting, and appears to bo suffering a . recovery. I cannot get an interview with him until noon, as ho is sleeping till' near that hour. Tungi's temporary quarters aro at a wooden house with a tliatehed roof. This it surrounded by a number of huts, tho quarters of his fol lowers, for Tungi travels with a "tail." Tho place is not over clean, but the Tongaii Speaker does not seem; to mind such a trifling matter, but .is seated comfortably on the hard ;lloor, gnawinir'' some poultry bone's which ho throws away as wo cntor. Tho two 'femalo attendants, who aro young and comely, remove the plentiful debris. Tungi. wipes his greasy fingers on his fat thighs, and - then looks up at us with a query in his wicked black eyes. "What the doviLdoes this Papalangi .want ?"_ Tungi has an aquiline nose, which, with his piercing eyes, relieve" him from an appearance of gross stupidity. Ho is very obese, the fat swelling into wrinkles, on .his wrists and legs, like those of a prize baby. Ho "looks sensual and wicked; and strikes me as t-lie very model of a black Tiberius. -. With all -bis fat Tungi, I imagine, is an. ambitious man. ' But as long as George Tubou lives the powerful will of the old King keeps Tungi in his "pla'ce. Remove King Georgo aild Mr. Shirley Baker from the scene, however, ' and Tungi would bo a. power, aud I do not ' think ho would be a power for good. Ho may yet be heard, of in connection with Tongau politics, so I study him, as I studied General Boulangcr two years" ago. But Tuugi is not such a pleasant study as ie brav' General, The Tongan Speaker in return studies me, turning my card over and over in his hand, as if wondering "what to do with it.;.'. Timgi "allows" that ho may be King, but not Ofown Princo or Governor of Vavau. That is not luoky. Ho, Tungi, does .not wish to . die like tho others. Will wo drink kava? Or angona papalangi, tiie white man's liquor ? We are not thirsty ! Well, wo must take a kava root witli lis, and como and see him again in tho afternoon. Shall wo bring a bottle, two bottles, with . us ? Why, yes ! . Tungi laughs for the fit at time. Ho knows,. I expect, that the liquor from the Wainui is good. Mr, M'Kinlay carries tho kava root on board to give to our carpenter, who has; acquired a taste for island refreshment in this form. But we do not return to sea tho possiblo future King of Tonga. I admit to having hnd a malanga with Kalakaua Rex of Hawaii But Tungi is too cheap. I sincerely trust ho will never get a clmuco of grabbing tho Tongan throne. ' Tuugi is ono of tho old sohool, who in his semi- nakedness considois himself the equal of any white man in clothes. As far as comfort in thisclimato is concerned he is right. Bat (lie former Governors of Vavau kept up a semblance of state in tiioir surroundings . and apparel. David Un"ga,_the King's ,. soil, who, like his cousin, my old friend Maafu, was a man of fine staturo and presence, had, it is said, a mag nificent uniform inado in Sydney, which cost £200! Fifteen years ago tho following account is given of tho doracstio arrangements of tho then Governor of Vavau: — "David's house would be regarded in the Australian colonics as a fit ting residence for any high official below tha rank of Viceroy. It is constructed of imported materials, all tho interior being pancllod and polished. Tho furniture of every room, im ported from New South Wales, is olegant and costly. In tho centre of the building is a largo dining hall with stained glass doors at eitlior end, which is only used ou Stato occasions. Here tho table is laid with every requisite, fine linen, plato and cut glass. The cook is a China man, tho butler a negro. A hotter or more elegantly served ilinuer ono would scarcely ex pect in Sydney ; everything was in profusion, even to chatnpngno and soda water. Prince David, like all his colleagues, apes the manner of any English officer. Olio remark he mado was very characteristic of tho man. My friend per ceived on a Sunday afternoon that ho did not leavo the house, although nil his pcoplo wero at church for the second timo. Ho inquired the reason, and tho Governor of Vavau replied, ' I havo been tbis morning, too muoli oliurch is not good. I havo been told that English gentlemen I do not go to church moro than once a day. We got our religion and laws from tho English. Why then should wo not imitato j their religious customs ?' " Prince David ought i to have travelled with Captnin Logan, and he j would havo found out what it is to have ohurch : sorvioe twico a day. Fifteen years, ago tho I traveller at Vavau might hare had a good timo | dining with tho Prince. But lie nnd his two successors are dead, and the gilt is off tho !" palace" and its surroundings. The bhinaman cook and tho negro butler aro no more. Tho champagne and soda water are "gone away with tho lager beer." Tho only malanga open to one here now is to drink kava or square gin with Tungi, and that I avoid. We visit God's Aero at Vavau. It is not so well kept nor so picturesnuc as the cemetery tt Apia. Tho prinoipal grave is that of the recently deceased Prince Laifoni. This ocoupies a cleared raised space, covered; with sand; coral and gravel, with a birolo of black Stones from ; the voloano of Tofoa. Fresh flowers aro placed iu glassos around the grave. As yet there, is no headstone here. Near at hand, enclosed in iron railings, is a tomb bearing an . inscription, . "Sacred to the memory of " the wifo and two children of v the Rev. Mr. Adams, a pioneer missionary iu Vavau. Thoro is .« couvent school hero, wliioh wil attract the attention of good Catholics. Tho French sisters aro favorites with everyone in Tonga as in Samoa. " Sister Mary," with whom I have tho plcasuro of travelling, has quite ail ovation from licr old pupils, many of whom are matod to Germans. And these Germans, to thoir oredit be it said, think as much of the nuns as if they wero their own countrywomen, And tlioy talk better Fronch to the Sisters than I can, which makes me again annoyed at the superiority of tho German raco in general knowledge. Bat old George, of Bendlzo. restores my amour proprc by swearing to a few beaolicombers that 30 years ngo I was a mate of his on Bendigo. It is uo use persisting that I was not ono of tho Argonauts of tho Fifties. When I am solemnly naked if 1 mean "to turn my back oil my old mates," I can conscientiously swear that I will do no" such thing. So Goorgo persists in his declaration that I was a digger on Bendigo. As thoro wero no floor men in this generation than tho early gold diggers I am flattered at this accusation. Bat pleasing though it is, George, myapoohrypal "mato," cannot ontico me into tho groves whero somowhere or another thcro is a "pub "concealed, nt whiohpyjaraa clad beach combers drink and get drunk with the same oase and simplicity as in Australia. But as high drinking hero is combined with plain living thero is not so much harm done to tho beachcombers' livers. It may bo noted that tho square gin of Holland has not tho samo deleterious effect upon the dipsomaniac in tho South Seas as that ourso of Australia, colonial beer, has upon.tlie rising generation in our largo cities. Travellers in Holy Tonga will find the greatest aliarm in the Vavau archipelago. To those who may follow me in my South Sea malangas I give this advice — tako tho Union Company's boat to Lefuka, Hanpii ; then charter a local sohooner, sail about that group, and then on to Vavau. There are somo very smart little crafts which fly tho red cross of Tonga, and in fine weather sailing is much moro delightful than steaming. In the Friendly Islands ono need hot be out of sight of land for moro than ;a few hours at a time. Tho island vol canoes of Tofoa and LotttS can' he visited before making tho Vavau grouj). ; Tho traveller, arrived there, should not bother his head about politics, or wonder at tho large "Wes leyan mission house, with its garden and tennis ground, when the church lias not a handful of worshippers. I would advise him to; mako friends with some of tho chiefs, and' live a lifo vaka Tonga, after tho manner of the country. But he should not without caution sleep in the native houses. In Samoa this is practicable. As I have pointed out, tho Samoans aro tho cleanest of all nativo races. . But in Tonga thore are Egyptian plagues. Still a native house might ho hired and cleaned nnd purified jit for white occupation. Making this their head quarters, the travellers should sail about tho archipelago, fishing and camping out and having generally sbch a good time that the memory of it would remain green in their hearts for ever. I can imagine such a party singing, in the words of New Zealand's poet- Out on the beach, when night was creeping— xvuucu iu sututuna — iwiuss vuv uviuvi Wo watched tho waves, as shoreward leaping They fringed the sand with streaks of foam: ; ' : Ocean's lioart, with its ccaseloss throbbing, - Beat 'gainst billows that rose and fell ; Sometimes singing, and sometimes sobbing, , - Sea ghosts came on each foaming sweU. Sailing about Vavau tho voyager can dream of an old story, a legend as poetio as that of Hero and Leander, tho locale of which he can, if a good swimmer, easily cxploro. The legend of "Nciiha's Cavo " tells a tale of woman's un selfish love, such as we find prominently in the traditions of "every age, and tinder every circum- stance, since Evo shared the apple with Adam. It also tells a talo of womau's forethought, which, it must bo admitted, is never very ap parent, aud perhaps is only found when work ing out tho dictates of licr love. A woman will sulfor for tlioso she loves, oven dio for them, and liaH, according to tradition, dune so time ufter timo in all countries. But to fear tho evil which may como upon tho man sho loves, and, thus foreseeing it, to provide for his safety wlion tho critical moment shall arrive, and. mere than all, to keen secrot wbat. sho knows and how site is acting, forms tho slightly incredible part of this legend. However, my Indy readers may think other wise. This is tho story. Tho first portion lias at various times and by different authors been ombollishod with sundry nnd numerous do- tails in order to make tho talc, according tot- heir ideas, -complete. To givo only tho oxnet and roliablo facts of tho narrative I will simply state that " onco upon a timo " a deadly quarrel arose in thcTongan Islands. "Whether amongst tho na tive tribes, or by the invasion of a forcigu enemy from adjacent islands, or from civilised Europe, matters not. Amongst tho dofenders-of tho Vavau Islands was a gallant youth, who was loved by a dusky maiden, as it falls to tho lot of a luoky fow- to be adored. The defenders fought, were beaten and fled. On their arrival at the homes they had bravely sought to protcot, the lioblo youth, who might bo desorilicd as the bravest of tho bravo, was welcomed by his fowl bride — _ _ With dark and brilliant skin, and dewy eyo Shining with lovo, and hope, and constancy. Ncuha — tho fond, tho faithful, tho adored — Iler heart on Torquil's like a torrent poured ; . Aud smiled, and wept, and near ami nearerclasped, As if to be' assured 'twas him slie gniBped ; Shuddered to see Ills yet warm wound, and then To find it trivial, smiled and wept again. But thoir troubles wero far from at an end. The conquerors pursued. Weak and . disabled, the vanquished ones were unable to fight. Again they ilcd. ' They took to their canoes, and mado jfor a .small island in the , bay. easy to defend. When near, Ncuha bade tho men who rowod tlio canoe in whichi she and licr lover sat join tho others.in ordorto strengthen: thoir forces. Tlioy wore persuaded to go, aiid sho was left alone "with tho' mail 'she loved. " Her 'supplo arms forced the- 'canoo- quickly --through tlio water, but the enomy was gaining. Then sho paddled towards a barren rock which rose gaunt and shelterless from tho soil. When her lover saw the defenceless goal for lliich sho. strove he upbraided her, and asked why sho lmd brought him thero to meet his death. Smiling confidently she bade him fol low; her, aud as they approached tho rock, lay down tho oars and plun ged- ' into tlio sea. He daro not hesitate, his foes were upon him and called out to him to yield. Ho dived into the water nfter his mistress and rose no more. The pursuers looked anxiously arouud, hut no sign of cither was to ho seen. Tho- sharp sides of the rock mado it impossiblo for anyone to land. Tho empty canoe that had borne the two lovers drifted away, and tho ocean was undisturbed by a single trace of the fugitives. Aud so the pur- BUUia VUIUVU Mtlttjri ASVUUW unu ui>( awsvs luuev be dead 1 ' ; What had. become of them 1 When the girl dived into tho water, closely followed by . the young warrior, sho swam ; down deep into tho sea, then suddenly turning rose again and landed safely within ' a sea locked cave. Here she carefully tended her lover. Drawing . from her bosom a small pieco of wood, kept dry by many leaves, and amongst" which sho had hidden a piece of flint, with Torquil's knifo slie struck fire, and soon the. cavo was warm and .uiiguvi tf iiu viia »» uuu a xxa. uiuuu u vviuii) «iui) seeking one of tho inner recesses of the oavo, returned with fruit of all kinds. Tho next day, as soon as ; tho light perie- tratod through tho water to tho cave, tho girl swam to the surface aud looked about Nothing wus to be seen, the enemy had gone and nil was safe; In a eleft of the rock she discovered their canoe, and returning once more for Torquil sho took him back to their island home. Thero ho told of his wonderful escape, nnd she, how fearing when the disturbance began that something might happen to her lover, had gone day by day and taken fruit and wood and other necessaries to this wondrous cavo. Nonhn had discovered this retreat through hearing how, generations before, a young ohief diving for- turtle by accident found his way : to, this oavo. How in after timos during a bitter war the dnughtcr of a rival chief was taken captive, and thb young man falling in lovo with her lmd conveyed her to this cave, and thero kept her till tho feud was over. Ho then took all his tribe to tbis spot, and diving, into the water returned with tho lady. His comrades thinkiug at : first that ho was mad, and would eitlior be oaten by sharks or drowned, now believed him to bo a god and sho a goddess. But he undeceived them,; they roturnod to their homes, and if it had not happened in -Tonga tlio girl in narrating these facts might linvo added, " lived happily over afterwards." Tho traveller to Vavau can boo Nouha's oavo if hb be a good swimmer and has a good heart, and .with one of 'ho daughters of the land to guide him can live 'or tho moment a latter day idyll. I admit tliat I only seo tho rook; Altogether Vavau Is not only tho best of all the harbors in tlio 1'aoiflo, but tho most pic turesque. Tho scores of little islands which surround it aro all beautiful in outline. Each ono stands out bold atul steep iu tho midst of tho waters which dash against its rocky baso, wear ing away a comploto circlo therein. Hero nnd there on tlioso islets is a sandy shore, where ono can land nnd climb up tho clilts to inland villages. Hero and there tlio precipices aro fluted nnd worn into caves liko tlioso at Capo Bridgcwatcr. "What sceins but a little chasm in the clilf may ho tho cntrnuco to a water cavo of surpassing loroli- ness if its beauties are lit up by tho magnosium light. A week spent in sailing about tho Vavau archipelago might extend to a fortnight, and tlmt again to n mouth, before tho travellers, satiated witli island experiences, would think of catching tho return stcamor heneo to Auckland- Few, I am suro, who follow my present ndrlco in South Sea travel hut will he sorry, as I am, to say good-bye to Vavau and to Holy Tonga, and will long for tlio timo when they can havo another such malanga. To burst all links of habit, thero to wautlcr far nway, On from island unto Island, at the gateways of Hie day. KING GEORGE OF TONGA." SIR. SHIPLEY BAKER, PREMIER OF TONCA, 