| In Darkest England. | Sermon by. Rev. /W. Scott. Tho subjoot.aolealed for the Rov. W. Soott's sermon at the : Wharf stroot Congregational Ohutoh last evening was General Booth's now hook, "In Darkest England and tho Way Out of It." Inthooonraeof every eloqnont andearnoat discourse tho preacher said that the book bad only reaohed nim ton days ago, and it was not his intontion to doal with tho Bohemo that evening. It might he asked at the outset, why troublo himself ahont a eohome which was essentially an English Bohemo of philuutliropy f and his answor was that it was coituinly an English scheme, affecting English poverty, mioery, and despair, and to be sup ported mainly by English liberality. But it was a local aohome, with a spirit rofsrenco to universaliem. It was a Christian eohemo, in whioh tho whole Christian sooiety of tho wo.-ld wero deeply interested. Tho samo sooial pro blems stared us In tho face. Poverty and stum misery might not have suoh a hoary a9peot here ae in the old country, but it oxietcd within our social linen, although the degree might ho lessened. Any well considered ooheme, theroforo, for tho lessening of the ovil at homo muBt ho of intenso interest to us haro. Taking ono aide of the eituation of English sooial misery — tho drink qaostion — tho prcaohor assorted that at least four- fifths of tho outcast and destitute of London would bo as well off as any of ne hut for tho drink. Givo them freodom from this one temptation and thoir ohanoea wonld be as good as anyono's. Surely this con stitutes some relevancy to the sooial Iifo of the colonies. Tho problems of the unemployed, tho homeless, tho drunkard, tho prostitute, and all tho avenues of want and despair, whioh led to prostitution and tho gaol, touched us as they tooohod the older Eoglish life. , Ho felt certain of one thing, and that woo if Cbrlot wero on earth He would be found resaning the perishing. This book to him em bodied more of the call of tho Son of Man than ho had ever heard bofore, and he rooognieod it a,8 one of tho distinot utterances of tho Saviour. . It seemed to bo reserved to tho Sal vation Army to lead as pioneers in the work ol social regeneration. Tho oiroometanoeo of the agenoy, the chaiaoter and experienoe of its workers, inspired oonfidonoe. The ohuroh had fallen from tho high piaco which was designed for it in eolation to tho poor of the earth. It had too much merged into the respectable clnblife, only having cognisance of its own members and adhorentB. Some ques tioned tho use of proaehing tho Gospel to the poor, and ho admitted thcro wero times and circumstances when the Gospel scorned not the proper agent. When the whole attention wbb eoncentratod npon a mad atrugglo to keep body and eoul together, when tho sailor was battling with tho Burf which had drowned his comradoa and threatened to drown liim, a change of cir ouraBtanceB must be effected before the Gospel oonld bo proaohed. But what was this minis try of changing circumstances but tho Gnspel P It was tho ministry of Christ, who when ou earth had, ub tho fruit of His Uospo),Jahanged the oiroumstanoeB of those with whom He was brought into contact. Thoro was a strango misreading of this work by a large section of the publio. The surrender of the spiritual life for the moral was the explanation the work gave, acccrdiog to somo of tho altitudes of the balvation Army. General Booth said in his book, " I have no intontion to depart iu tho smallest degreo from tho main principles on wbiok I havo aotcd in. tho past. My only hopo for the permanent dolivoranoo of mankind from misery either in this, world or the next is the regeneration or remaking of the individual by tho power of the Holy Ghost through Jeans Christ. Bat in providiagfor tho reliof of temporal misery I reckon it I am only making It easy where It is now difficult, and jmsaible whore it is now almost impossible to find the way to the Croso of oar Lord Jesus Christ." It was not enough in tho way of Booiul salvation to givo a man employment and dress and signs of respectability. Those things wero all outside the man and if the inside re mained unchanged tho labour was wasted. It was necessary in soma way or another to graft upon the man's nature a now natuio whioh had in it tho elements of tbo Divine. Tho author of tho work nood not be further misunderstood after tho statement, "I must asBcrt in the most unqualified way that it i'b primarily and mainly for tho sako of saving the soul that I seek tho salvation of tho body." If many ot the pooplo wore to believe in Jesus Christ, thoy must bo helped out of their present ojciul miseries. Looking at tho results ot sohemeB whioh diabelievod or ignored thus— merely philanthropic schemes, whoso efforts were only to amoliorato the oironmstanoos of life — they found them to bo lamentably Inadequate. The resonod wore only a ghastly minority compared with tho multitudos who struggled and sink into tho opon-monthed abyss. Speaking of tho drift of contention of tho work, Mr. 8cott esid that tho name was a singular one, nnd was undoubtedly taken from tho title of Stanley's book, in whioh tho ex plorer hadsaid that ho " marched, tore, ploughod, and out his way fcr 160 days through tho innor womb of tho trno tropical forest." Tho full horror oonld not bo oonooivod of a forest as laigo again as Franoo, where tho rays of the snn nover penetrated, whero in tho dark dank air of heated morass humun beings dwarfed into pigmies, and brutolised into cannibals, larked and lived and died, and be lieved, with an unalterable conviction that this forest was endless — no (sunshinu nor froor llfo beyond. Was tho comparison a strange ono? Was not thoro a darkest England to compare with the darkest Africa ; its misery to compare with ithose of the Airioan, and wore there not pigmies, born and bred in England, as vilo as thoBO in tbo Dark Continent. Civilisation had its pigmies and barbarians as well ub tho Airioan forest, and to both it appeared as if tho world were all slam. Tho prcaohor then entered npon a graphio desoription of the miseries and horrors of lifo in tho slumB, and gave his personal exporionoa of tho fearful deptha to whioh humanity had Bonk in the shambles of our civilisation. Re ferring to a paragraph in tho work—" I sor rowfully admit that it would bo Utopian in our present sooial arrangements to droam of attain ing for every honest Englishman a gaol stan dard ofall the neocasaties of lifo. Somo time, per haps, wo may venture to hopo that overy honest worker will bo as warmly oiad, aa healthily housod, and aa regularly fed as our orimlnal convints "—tho preaohor touched upou the sooial condition of the honeot poor, and stated that in the old oonntry between two and thrco millions wero alwiya paupers. Darkest England consisted broadly of three conocntrio circles of life. Tho outor and widest was filled by the starving and tho homeless but honest poor — a oirolo whioh should surprise tho pity of tho world. Tho soaond oirolo was filled by thOBO who lived by vice, and tho innermost oirolo woe filled by oin- firmed criminate. The ono sad and dopreesing element to all was tbo faot that the three oiroles wore sodden with drink. Ho dealt with tho lives df the multitudes who filled tho oiroles, and said that thousands nnd thousands of thoso who woro labelled vioious wero not so much born into tho . world as damned into it. Thoro were ohildron bred in vloo, predestined to drunkenness from the mother'e womb; The drink question, with its many horrors, was next entered npon by Mr. Scott, who asserted that for ono man nr> rested for drunkenness there wore twonty who went home intoxioatod, and yot wo toloratod this tho spawn of evil at overy stroot corner. On of tho otf'ptlnga of this vioo was tho terriblo prostitution of tho day. From that pnlpit ho would tell thorn that thoy woro content to livo in bliBafiil ignorance conoerniog tho terriblo woes atthcirdoors. Hepassodontothedifferontmodoa pf help in vogue at tho present timo, dwelling moro especially npon tho aid offered by tho Btnto by workhouses and similar institutions in England. This ho summed up as the English poor law retaliation. It had boon a source of joy to him to read abont this seheoie of General Booth— to rooogniso it aa built upon tho foundation of Christ's love, regardless of p irty distinction and religious differonoos, and it led ns to recognise that wo wero onr brother's keoper. Be doferred tho dosoriptlon of the eohemo till next Sunday. . . It boa beerioompnted, as on illustration of tbo' great cheapening of oooaa froights whloli has taken plaoe in reoent years; that half a sheet of notepsper will develop snfflolont power, when burned in conneotlon with tho triple expenelon engine,: to cany a ton » ,mile In an Atlantic steamer, 