Jil S'il ts «ina Ilespoiisibllltics ol" Inborn-. Tun Home News sayn ¡-Mr. O lads ton e's artlolo in Llo'i/tVa Weekly Netcsp*iKr ou the rights mid responsibilities. of labour has naturally created considerable interest» Ho Ands that there ls a growing disposition on the part of tho general public to rognrd strikers " with presumptive favor." This, ho thinks, cnn hardly ho duo to prejudice agaiustomployars, but to a Mdiin and remoto peraoptiou" that in tho confliet of labor and capital the latter bas h i th orto lind tho upper baud, and that It is time the balance WAS rodressed. Slr, Glads tone then approaches tho important quostlon as to what labour would do if it woro ovor to gain the upper hand. "Working men would, in his opinion, Sud themselves "subject to astrals af moral trial such as they have novar yet boen called on to undergo, aud snob as only tba strong restraints of the gospel could make thom successful to encounter." Suoun contingency is, however, "iudeünitely remote," and "capital must surely bold its own"-an opinion justified by the oxpori- , en co of the UnltedStatos. Mr. Gladstone makes no spoclEle ! roforeuco to the eight hours movoinont, but confines him- self to more or less vague allusions to tho progrois which labour luis mnde aud ls making towards placing its rights and duties on a level with thoso of capital. Tho saiuo jon nial further remarks i-Tho monster demon- stration in Hyde Park lu favour of an eight hours working day passed ot! without disturbance arni in that respectât least nJfords a striking contrast to tho labour agitation now going forward in several Continental cities. The propor- tions of tho crowd were ns imposing UB the order main- tained was creditable to aïl con corned. Prom ovory point of view tho evont munt bo rogardod BB a success, and though practically au eight hours day is no longer than it was a week ago, tue question has been brought into greater prominence by Sunday's gathering. Tho demonstration did mora to show the world how wonderfully labour lins been organised In recent years than to advance tho claim to a shorter day. Th oro was nothing in tho nature of utiau* iinlty about the dotnaudB mada by the various speakers and. Indeed, this was hardly to bo looked for, when, on tho ono hand, thero wore tho Socialist * who mm ld null down tho existing structure of society and industry without the ghost of nn idea as to how they would replnco it, and on tho other tho honest and bonafitU working men who mot to affirm a principio rather than to upsot tue entire«order of things. An unwonted spirit of reason, evou for an English mo veulent, waa in thu ascendant, and ono of the lenders, who hat won for bi túnel f anything but a good name among respectable cttizdns, disci ai tn ed all deslio to advance his vlows by violence. Tho olght hours agitation is promoted because it IB honestly hollevod by many working mon that it will BOIVO tho probloui of tho unemployed. But, aa they Bax t"" same timo that it will not hurt capital because they will bo ftblo to do as much in eight li on rs as in "ton, thoy o vident ly bring no logia to bear on tho subject If thoy do in eight hours what thoy now do in ten,'whore is the surnluK of work to come /rani ? An eight hours day means unit either capital or labour must sacrifice a good deal i and if capital ls to bo still productivo, wo do not hesitate to pay that tho sacrifice will havo to como from labour. ^_ Bankruptcy Court-On Wednesday, boforo tho D [strict Registrar, In tho estate of Thomas Moffat, painter, of South O raf ton, a single mooting. Bankrupt said he Aloa a statement af his affairs, which ho did not desire to amend. Ho had buen iniolveat ou a previous occasion in New Zealand. Tho cnuss of bin bankruptcy in this instance was receiving a District Court summons for reut of a cottage at South G raf to u. The mooting thou terminated. Seventy-one Suicides in Three Months. - A Central News telegram from Now York says :-Tho returns of tho Bo« i st mr just issued show that there wera na loss than 71 suicides lu New York during tho first til roo mouths of tho year, this boiug an-lacrease nt tho rata of 00 par cant, ovor tho same period of Inst year. Tho Registrar venturos to mnko tho interesting spoon la tion that 25 per cent of these snicldos woro duo to the fashionable com* plnint La Grippe, or from tho ills which tho distressing malady left in its wake. A Proachinff Prodigy.-A bojr preacher of fi vo years old ls attracting attention among certain people lu tho United States, fits mother has taken him regularly to church, ami though ho cannot read, ho delivers, wo aro told, üuont discourses in au earnest manner. Ho cannot gat on without mn Bia to start him off, as it woro. An eve wJtncsB of ono of the drawiug.room sorvlcos couduetodby this child relates that, at tho conclusion of the opening hymn, tho boy desired tho meinbors of tho congregation to kneel lu prayor, and when they showed no sign of obey- ing lia began to cry. However, he soon proceeded with the service, and prenched with surprising cominnnd of lau* gunge und gesture. lu the midst of it a boy of about bis awn age lu tho audience began i laying ou a lin trampet, whereupon tho preacher, remarking that he must have quiet, walked up to him, and took tho olio riding instrument' away. Moleville-Fern Glen Road.-Contracts aro being let for works on this road, botween tho Copmanhurst road and Fortis Creek. Tho improvements will consist of 120 chains clearing, 220 yards road construction, 1320 yards Urntmug, one stono oauseway, supply of 200 yards 8 inch metal. Conditional Loase Rentals.-The following rentals per noro have neon fixed for tho leases named:-W. M. Buokland, 825 acroB, parish Myrtlo, 4jd ; C. H. Anderson, 747 a eros. Nandabah, 4jd| A,K.lloid, 000acre?,Mummulgum, Cd i H. Clark o, lil acres. Hogarth, dd i F. Kout pu lach, 271} acres, Wombah. 2d ¡ O. h. Vetter, 300 acres, Cudgen, Sd j T. J. Watson, 102 acras Donaldson, 2d. . Mining;.-Nearly SOO gold and mineral leases havo been cancelled since February 10th, a largo number will be can- celled lu afow weeks, aud steps are dieing taken in rofer oiico to sovoral hundred moro. In Almost every case the cancellation bas occurred either for uou-j)nyment of rent or for nou*compllanca with tho labor conditions. It will bo seen, therefore, that there is a large area of mineral laud open for occupation by tho mining community. Mr. Piper, of Broken lilli, who has bean inspecting tho mina known as Black Mountain, near Gnalta, nu behalf of a syndicato of capitalists, expresses the opinion>that thoro ls avory appearance of it becoming a bigger, thing than Broken Hill. Mineral Leases.-G rent dh satisfaction has for yean past existed in mining communities with regard to the manner adoptod by tho Mines Dopnrttnout for 'aunounclug notices of refusal and cancellation iu tho Government Gazette, The method at presont pursued ls, when a lease is eau celt cd, to notify tho fact in tho Qa :tte, and thoo the land m ny bo taken up af tor midnight following tl") day on whioh tho notification appears. This courso bas been found to work both uusstlsfaotorlly and unfairly so far as tho minors lu tho country districts aro' concerned in which tho land Is thrown opon. Tho notice of cancellation vory frequently is not brought under tho observation of miners in somo of tho dtstaut parts or tho country until days after thc Gazctta Is published, and until after tho land is made available, consequently a great ndvautnge is plncod in tho hands of Sydney pooplo, or of thoso inluers who eau,alford to keep agents fu tho city to »vatob tho Cadette* nud to commuulcato with them upon tho appearance of the notice, for they are thus enabled to secure tho land before those less fortunately situated osn make application. Tho Min* iBtor for Mines and Agricultura1 has directed that in the future wheu leases aro to bo cancollad the notification in the Oaseitti shall specify that such cancellation or refusal will take place on a cortain day. The notice will then be sont to tho warden ot the district, to be posted up at his office, aud nlso to tho local- press, far* thu information of thoso immediately concerned, Sllvor Mininer.-Bobort AUboury and William Gazley have made applications under the Mining Act to mino for silver ou a bloak of 40 acres situate du part*of GIou Innes to Grafton Railway Reservo, about 31 chains west from a trca marked 03 nu Co. " Bankruptcy.-In tho os tatos of Joseph Stewart, Uppor Batllngur Rlvor, and Henry Aspory, Casluo, accounts show- ing debit balamos only bave been submitted. Trustees Appointed-A notification in aro co it issue of the (lazette Btates that Messrs. J. Holden; J. CV Ryan, C. Coleman, W, Wigmore, 0. Jarrett, W. W. Winton, and T. Russell have been appoluted Trustees of tho portion of tba Genornl Como te ry at East Ballina set apart for Gonoral Burial Ground, Skilful Operation.-An interesting surgical oper- ation was performed recently at the Roosevelt Hospital In Noir York, upon a. physician who had lost bis power of speach and became paralysed in tho right arm and leg by fniling from his carriage ile landed on his head, and tho doctors believing that tho loss of speoch was duo to a blood clot on tho brain, au oporatlou WAS decided on. A portion of hts hair was shaved off, and a clrclo of tho scull about an inch indlaineterwasraiBod To tho grout satisfaction of tho surgeons, a clot was found sud ra mo rod, and tho usual appliances for g ra i ungo, ko., were applied. No ill e ilea ts followed tba operation. In loss than a week the patient was able to speak a few simple words Ilka " yes" ana " no," and his vocabulary ls said to ba growing dally. Tho par- alysis in his arm ami leg bas entirely disappeared. His memory seems unimpaired, and he boa no trouble lo ex Ereaslng bis Ideas in writing j but it ls behoved that ho will ava to leam to talk all over again, Uko a child. Sensational Police Court Cases.-Ia Melbourne, Mr. Justice Williams, in instructing thu jury in tho coso of Peyton, Dowling, and Co. v. Hon ld ar Bros., said it was a curious thing that a caso of that descrlpltion, whioh was of tho greatest importan co to n very largo section of tho com- munity in a mercantile city like that, should apparently bo so barren ot In teros t. Had it bean a sporting si and ar case, a breach of promise or seduction case, or an notion for divorce in high life, tho court would have been crammed to suffocation, and tho morning and evonlng papers would teem with detailed retorts. Matters In which tbs public were lntereated vero crowded out in order that tbOBo sen- sational and prurient incidents might be fully reported. His Honoi said he morely mnde those observations ai a matter for reflection. Tbs facts hs had mentioned were evidence of the very low standard ot tasto that must exist amongst . considerable portion of tao community. 