TMe Secret Chamber, ' -Darting ;to -her side, I caught her by the band andield:.her to her-plaee. ? , -?? ,. ?,--? ?- . ? .; '?.'-3Tou shall not . go* -You have refused to marry me to-day. 'Was it some caprice/ or., be cause yon saw Edwin Urquhart.' ' She drew her hand away and looked at me haughtily. .-?? ? ''.???: ' 'Edwin Urquhart is nothing to me.' * I coTMft'have killed her. In . that final instant.' one lastParrow entered my breast, and, darting back to her,eide, I whispered : .. . ? .. - '' Go, falsest of the false; I will none of you! Bat if you have lied to xae, if you think to trip up Edwin Urquhart in. his duty, and break Honora Dudleigh's noble heart, and shame my honor, I will vni you as . I would a snake in the grass. You shall never approach the altar with another.' ' On my leaving her presence, a smothered sob struck my ear. I stopped. ' Miss Dudleigh at once advanced. Tears were on her cheeks. Walking firmly she took my hand. ^ ''What shall I do?' I cried; 'Tell this woman to beware, or leave her to fight her battles alone ?' No answer came from my inmost ioul. I bowed my head and said nothing1. ''Is— is Marah ill, or did one of her strange moods overtake her?'' ' ' I do not understand-Miss Leighton/' I re plied. '; .' ' ' Then you are going ±o leave'her ? She is to' be free, and ' '' evidently fearing that she had shown me her heart. ' ' r 'T tooklier hand and carried it to my lips. ' ' . ' Tears, Which I could not restrain, welled up to my eyes. &&, why had she thrown the ^treasures of her heart'- 'away upon a fool? Why had she given the trust of her life to a villain ? I opened my lips to speak. ' ' Don't !'- she breathed. ' I know what you would sav. and I cannot bear it. Was it Mr. Urquhari I saw on the outskirts of the crowd to day?' . ' ? : 'I bowed. ' ' It was he,3' said I. ' ' Oh, we are four miserable ones !' she cried. 'He ? ' ' I -can bear much, but not force me to think of the digger I carry in my breast. ' She declares ha is nothing to her. '' You are going ?' she cried. - 'Well, I can not keep you. . But that dagger ! . You ' will pro mise me to throw it away. You do., not want to kill me before my time.' - * . 'Kb, no; I did not want to kill her; grief was .doing that fast enough. Eesolute I drew the tiny steel from my breast and laid it in her hand/ - ? ? '''It'isaHTcan-eive'you to show my apprecia tion of your goodness.' ' '??Through what streets I passed, or whose eye I encountered in my next hoar's -walking- tnrough the town, J could not tell. I wandered for hours -without my cloak. The first knowledge I had of my surroundings was -when I found an ob struction in my path; and, looking up, saw myself in front of my own door, and, not two feet from me, Edwin Urquhart/ * I drew back and clenched my hands to keep myself from strangling him. * I met his eye, which contained nothing but a sort of sympathy/ ''How — why — :what do you mean by coming1 backF% 'A gay laugh interrupted me.' ' .:. ''And must a man keep every oath he^ makes/' .-'* : * rr ? .'' ''Urquhart!' . . *..- ' 'Are you a monster, .or are yourr— -' ''A. self possessed -man who' is going to take in ..charge a crazy one. Gome into the house, 'Hje^pokme in charge — he -whose whole b»dy. I had always esteemed weaker than my little finger ; my enemy, too — the beginning and end of my hatreds. ''Felt, I like you. Now, wiat have you against me ?' * ' You have been disappointed in your mar riage. A woman as capricious as Miss Leighton might easily imagine she was too ill to' go through the ceremony to-day.' ' Was he daring me ? If so, he should find me his'equaL * ' Shall I tell yeu why this is bo ? Because I have, seen you look on her with love.' ''Well?' ' The tone was indescribable. I drew off and was silent. ' ' You have seen nothing. Have you deceived yourself 2 Marah Leighton has beauty ; but it is aot a land that moves me.' He paled. Was it in horror of the lie he was uttering ? 'The woman I am going to marry is Honora Dud leigh.' ,:' ' I gazed at him, determined to find the truth, If it were in him. ' ' You love her ?' '1' I love her/ ' *' Aiid your wedding-day ? ' V' Is .set.' * ' May it have no interruptions !'* ' He laughed— jealousy was not yet dead within . me.. . .-J-' . . ?? ...... ' ' And yours ?' , V'IJjiave had Kine^' ... * He looked at me inquisitively. * '1 1 shall never approach the altar again with a woman.' . .-, , \- c« Wait, -Jail you.-jsjse Marah, Leignton smile again.' ?» He then caught up a wine-glass off the. tableland filliiig it ^ith^wine, exclaimed, 'Here's to our future,.^Fives J'-;- -- ,:v ... :; f;gi ' I dig,npt;drink Jus toast. ..WhOThewas.jjonei I broke his glass by .Ringing it afci^my own. reflec- tion, in^^lala -I. then destroyed-.every jdestrac tible article in the house, to alter jny toms frorn^ a bachelor's abode to the nest for. the dore ;I had failed rtaiplaoB.thejcer Iifilled^fche house with mocking laughter/ .. ; ivA .; ai ^T^o^eeks -after ;#ns I was eittang bgside my solitary Juearth, longing for the iplief «f sjeep. , f .- ? had d^^dBsed-eyery^ervant, for Jt wpflld have W) spies aigrafc me. An^ this I did, living ifcelifer»f, '. -reclus^ ., . :. ' . .;a-^.' ?:?-..-' ; ;.-v« i-.-?,'A ^:'^.~:. .' ' This'- night I had been thinking of MissDnd leigh,;pf vwhose. visibly failing^iealth various murmtirs had reached me, thinkihg I could find the eleiisp I longed for. ??:.-.'..... -. ???' :'The clock was *sfaiking— yon see, I have no clock here— desolation was stealing over me, when I heard a iiap on window. . * ' Masaa— -Massa JPelt 1' * Ifaaew ihe voice; it was one of. Miss 'Dpd-. lejgh's servants, an honest- black. Jf or did I re-. coyer my Belf-possession for hours. For/ *he story he had to tell was so significant of coming evil, that my passions which I had. tried to : emother were roused -again into action. , , .. , 'It^asthis: One evening after Mr. IJrquhart's departure, he ^ Jhad occasion to cross the garden,: when he heard voices, stepping cautiously for-, vw»5rS jierceivea, lying npon the ? jmbw-coror^d; growiS. the shadofrs of two persons, whole forms were hidden irom bis eight. He? n^iw, and: listening, heard Mr. TJrauEarf s vojee and that of Miss Leighton .speaking earnestly. 'Will you undertake it ? Can you go through with it with out shrinking and without fear ?' 'T will under take it, and I can go through witih it.' lightened at a discovery which might mean misery^ to a mistress ' the day of whose marriage was scarcely a month away, the negro held his breath,- listening, he heard the words, ' You are a brave girl, and my queen/ and a prayer for a kiss, or favor as a seal. She I returned a vigorous ' Ub,' with mysterious sen tence, 'I shall give you nothing till I am dead, and then I will give, you everything.' A move ment was made which alarmed the negro, that he drew back in. haste, they had passed him- — he at the gate, and she into the bouse. For nearly twenty-four hours the negro had tortured him self as to what he should do with the information thus surreptitiously gained. He lacked the courage to tell his mistress, and finally he thought of me. * I put to him one or two of the many questions. Had he told any of the other servants? Did Miss Dudleigh loot aa if anything was wrong ? ' He answered that he had not dared to breathe a word of it even to his wife. ' I believed him. I then wrote this line, and entreated the negro to carry it to her. ** * You will forgive me if 'l overstep the bounds of friendship, that if before or on your marriage day you need advice or protection, you may com mand both from Mark Felt/ ' 'I did not expect nor did I receive any reply. The mysterious nature of Miss Leightan's remark, the incomprehensibility of the words, 'I shall give you nothing till I am dead, - and then I will give you Everything,' added such unreality to the sceifie,- anS awakened such curious conjectures, that I did nctknow where any of us stood. '? 'Till she was' dead. What conld or what did she1 mean ?' ' ? Sjhe would then give him everything. -Ah; ah | when she was dead ! ' I saw -&sar; once again in these days. He smiled till his teeth shone from ear to ear, and made haste to remark in quite a jovial voice — ?''I'specsifsallrightrmassa. Massa Urqu hart 'never looks at Miss Leighton now, but alwars doin' his best for missus, making her smile -quitffhappy when she isn't coughing that drefful cough. We will have a gay weddin' yet.' ' Yes ; but this change of manner frightened me. One day I was startled by the tidings that all preparations for refitting the great house had stopped; that the doctors had decided that Miss Dudleigh must remove to a warmer climate. * I heard nothing more till the very week of th& wedding. One of Miss Dndleigh's servants came to me with a note, the result of which waa that I walired out, and that she passed me in her car riage, and, seeing me, stopped the horses and took me in. ' ' I wish to talk to you,' she said. ' I wish to proffer you a request— to beg of you a favor. I want you to see me married.' ' I opened my lips with a quick denial, but i' closed them again without speaking. * 'Yes, I will come,' said I. '' J thank you -I I thank yon most deeply, arid; mosbtruly.' She stopped, blushing. 'Edwinrjs. .very good to me-^-very good.' I took a sudden ?_re's^)3iti6n,.;;^v.^-;_-. . ' ',. Honora,' ;v, i'said, ' do not give your happi .-neSs into 'Edwin Urquharf s keeping. You have yet^three days before you for reconsideration. Break your bonds, seek in another climate that peace of mind you will never enjoy here or else where as his wife.' ' She stared at me for a moment ; she shook her head and answered auietlv — ' ' One broken-off wedding in the family is enough. I cannot shoek society with another. But, oh Mark, why did you not warn me at first ? I think I would have listened — I think so.' ' ' Forgive me ; you know it would have heen presumptuous in me at first; afterward she stood in the way.' ' 'I know j' and turned away her head. ' ?VY-»u are going to leave Albany ?' ' **'T must — or so Edwin thinks. He says I will never recover.' * 'Do you wish to g« ?' ' ' Yes, I think I do. I can never be happy here.' ''Oh,' I cried, 'would I were your brother, indeed ! This should never ^fo on.' I inquired, ' And your mone^ Honora ?' * She .flushed, but answered, ' ' As little of it as may be will remain with him. Do not ask me any more questions, Mark.' * ' None of a nature so personal. What about Marah ?' c The words came with effort, and hurt her as much as me. ? ' She returns to Schenectady the same day that we depart.' 1 ' Let her stay,' I muttered ; ' but let her be ware how she behajgs on^hat day.' ' ' You will have 'nothing £o avenge ; that is all in the past.' ... . . -q., --,* --j i^-u-r' * I prayed to jjeasjgn jjajnyght be right, and ere long bowed in adieu aimj.eft her. *MJlbs ' Dudleigh, mov,efl^ perhaps by the un plejagant eclat.wtic.h^iaa1 followed the broken-ofi: inarriagV'bf her cousin, chose to celebrate her own^: wedding; inher own. house. Only her most mtiflbsA^iErieiids, therefore, were invited. . - *Slie.. was', looking beautiful. A bright color suffused her delicate cheeks, and in her eyes burned a, strange excitement which did the work of happiness in lighting up her face. . . '\ ? 'He, on the' contrary, was pale up to. thajf same critical moment. When the minister with-.', drew and friends began to crowd around them, he grew jovial, and more than once cast looks at the now immobile young wife. 'The gaiety ran high and the wine was poured freely, and the bridegroom drank, but never look ing at the bride, though her eyes turned more than once upon him. At last she rose, and I caught one glance, but there was uneasiness in it. At that moment I felt her dress brush against my sleeve. ' You will wait till we eo ?' fell in a whisper. I nodded, and they went on. Looking up, I found myself in the room alone, and the guests gone. But the bride had not gone. She was coming down stairs. He was with her, and behind them, gliding like a wraith, came Marah, which betokened an instant departure. ' I asked the friendly Cassar, who had pressed olose up to my side after I left the room, if Mrs. Urquhart was not going to take a maid. ' The negro at once growled out an injured 'no.' '' And the baggage ?' 1 asked. ' ' O, massa send dat round to his house.' ' ' So, so ! And they are going to ride ?' ' ' Yes, sah. You see. dey want to catch de ship wat sail for Bermudas, so massa says.' 'By this time Urquhart and his bride had reached the door. '' Good-bye,good-bye, good-bye '.'camefromher lips ; and she was just stepping over the thresh hold, when there suddenly appeared at the foot., of the steps an old crone, bowed with age, so weird and threatening of aspect, that we all started back appalled, the -unknown creature., shrieked — . .' ' ' Beware of oak walls ! Beware of oak walls ! They are more dangerous to you than fire and waJber!} Beware of oak walls!' . . . ,.. §. .';*?-&.. 'shriek interrupted her. -It came. not from ; the bride,, but' from the interior of the -j^ell-nigh forsaken hall behind us. '.'. _',.' . ♦ Instantly 'the ©Id crone drew herself . up into an attitude more threatening and more terrible, than befbr/^y..'. l ' , ' \r''~Iuul.'$-Bpj£l she cried, pointing new beyond /us toward a figure which .1 could feel shrinking in inexplicable terror against thie wall — ' and you cannot trast them either ! There is death within «dk walls! Beware, beware!'. . ? .'.\\\ i. -'J^. curse, a rash, and Edwin Urqnhart had Sung himself at the old witch's throat; but he fell to the pavement without touching her. She had melted into the crowd to watch tnis young couple's departure. . ,. -ei. ? ...~ : ;*'Wiio 'was that creature? Cjive her up, I say!' leaped from the bridegroom's lips, as he rushed upland down; - ? But there was no response from the surging throng; while ironrhis frightened wife such an appealing cry rung out that' he' returned 'from the vain pursuit, and, regaining his place at Hohora'a side, put her into the carriage. ? *-3--6d-toye!' ' Ancl sp 'they *ode away. _.'?*. ^ 'Another carriage for ^Miss Leighton!' * She was n.otf there, nor«ould she be found by any Bearching-. . : ' When we' became assured that Miss Leighton had disappeared from the bouse the excitement increased, and the whple 'town vas^set a,gog to find her, if only to solve tha mystery of a nature ; whose actwns had now Iwcome inerpUcable. ; ' ? ? , '- .-.'.-.? ;---5oX- .5«q eol 'snrgvi. ..?? von 'A .-i * I was the first to start the pursuit. I did not wait for the alarm to become public, but rushed immediately upstairs. ' An impulse which I cannot understand took me to Edwin Urquhartfs house. I found that with all my haste I was Too Late, Too Late !'I ?eaw a carriage disappearing I knew to be the one containing TJrquharfc and 3iis bride. . ? ' ' She has not beea here/ thought I, and with shrinking terror turned toward the river which skirted along the garden at the back — ^unless ? * my thoughts stopped here. ' I wandered aimlessly through, the streets. If not a madman, I was near enough to one to make the memory of that hour hideous to me. Some thing in the sight of its -desolation of my house; overpowered me, and, yielding to a despair. I' sank on the floor inert and powerless, and con tinued thus till morning. 'Fatal repose! ' When I roused there on the floor, underneath the window, I saw a letter con- . taining these words — ?'When yon read this Marah will be no more. After all that has passed, after our broken mar riage, life has become insupportable; and, believ ing that you would rather know me dead than miserable, I have ventured to write you these words, and ask you to forgive me now that I am gone. I loved him ; let that explain everything. — M. L.'* . ' With shrieks I tore from the House. Marah : dying ! Marah dead ! Eacing down I found Cassar leaning on the gate, and at the first glimpse I knew it was too late. ' 'O, massa, Fs been waiting here an hour, sah. When dey told me dat dey had found her bonnet floating on de ribber, I know/d how you'd feel, sah.' '' When was this found, and' where ?' ''This morning,, sail, at. daybreak. ' It was caught byixne of ,de' eferangs.t^dat old XQg, sah. Massa Urjjuharfs hou'sj!, : sah/f ^ ^ -V...J. = ' ; - n Then.gy-ery one knows ' J .' ' ''', -r : ? ' Datjipie cared for j^m ? Yes, sah, t fear bo. More'n one person saw her run down.de street and into massa's old house, and as she didn't come out again I specs it was from.datjbi? log at de fooit of '-ie garden she jumped into de ribber. All de follrs pities you very much, sah ^r- ? ' ' I choked him off with a look. ' Who has been sent after Mr. and Mrs. Urquhart to inform them of what has happened ?' * ' Wo one yet, sah ; but Massa Hatton ? ?' ''Go saddle me the quickest horse in your stables. I will ride 'after them, and overtake them, too. He shall know — — ' ' A glance from the negro's eye warned me to be carefuL ''Mrs. Urqnhart ought t» know that her cousin is dead,' I declared. ? ' I'll tell Massa Hatton,' said the black. ' I went myself to the gentleman mentioned — he -was Mrs. Urquharf s old guardian and future agent — and, obtained his permission to act as his messenger, without a seeming suspicion of the murderous thoughts that struggled with my grief. .'Do you remember the words as told me, by the negro who overheard .the intejjiew shelled with ,' her ceusin'js future husband ih'the garden^ ' Will you undertake it? jCan-you go through, with it ?without shrinking and without fear?' And then the reply, ' I will undertake it,' followed By that assurance, which still preserves its mystery for me, '? I shall give you nothing till I am dead, and then I will give you everything.' ♦ If she were not dead — and sometimes this thought would cross my burning brain — then she was with him. In either case he was a villain and a coward deserving ?£ death, and death he should have, and from the hand of form whom he had doubly outraged. 'But as I -rode out of town and came in sight of the river, I found myself seized by other thoughts. Great God ! should I have to ride by the place where I could eee them stooping with boathooks. Yes. I could go, I could pass that picture. ' But when I had done all this, other thoughts came trooping ia upon me, and a vision of Honora Dudleigli's face as she took the dagger from my hands and an implied promise from my lips, rose before me till I could see nothing else. Honora — Honora — Honora, who trusted me ; who had suf fered everything but tha sight of blood, was a bride. . The struggle was so fierce and the torture of it so keen that ere long my braini succumbed to the strain, and I sank into unconsciousness. In this condition I was found in a field, and carried to a farm-house, where I remained a prey to fever. When I returned to consciousness three weeks had elapsed. 'As soon as I could be moved, I went back to Albany. I found the community there settled in the belief that I. was dead. ?' And so Marah was in the river, and Urquhart on the seas. I had been robbed of everything, even venseance, and life had nothing for me, and I was determined to leave it — by cloistering myself in the great forests. I became dead to the world. I will tell you that as I turned the lock of my doer a great shout broke ont in the market place — '/' The fawners tof Lexington have fired upon the 'king's troops-!1' ?::?- ' ::*'--? ' And F did not even turn my head V ' - Av silenee. Mark Felt's story was :&t; S& end. - - - ??-?= : ??'-:-? ' -???- ' - .-_.; iq-.-ic :# I sat and watched him, I at last broke the siall !hess by these two words-— - ,-; ' ' -s 'And Marah?' - ' ??::-? i,-t ? Striking his breast, he cried — ' She lies here. Though she broke my heart in life, and in death betrayed a devotion for another, I have never been able to cast her ont of my heart. I love her, aDd shall ever love her, till — ' Great sobs broke from the man's surcharged breast. He had forgotten that I had come on an errand of vengeance ; he had forgotten the object of that vengeance, and everything but her. I saw the mistake. He had shown me his heart. It seemed an impossible thing to tear the last hope from his broken life, to show her in her true light to his horrified eyes, to tell him she was not dead, that it was Honora Urqnhart who was dead, and that the woman was living upon the fruits of a crime, and -triumphing in them. Eising up, he surveyed me with apprehension. ? How you look at me ?' he cried. ' What Is-it ? What can threaten me now of importance enough to call up such an expression to your face ? Since Marah is dead- ? ' j ' Wait !' Icried. ' First let me ask if Marah is dead/ ' If — Marah — is— dead ?' he gasped, till the last word was almost unintelligible. ' Her body was never found. You have no proof that she perished. The letter that she wrote you may have been a blind/ ' Marah living ?' His own words seemed to give him life. ? Do you know that she is living P* ho asked. ' Is it this yon have corns to tell roe ? If so, speak — speak! I can bear the news. I 'hatf& not lost aU firmness, 'i— I ? '? -;_ - *^Marah may not be living ; but she did not perish in the river. In bemoaning'h'er you have wasted a noble manhood/ ?Oh!' ?'?; ' ' Mark F«lt, did you- know Honora Dudleilgli's writing?' ''. '^Of course. Why ? ' ' But the handwriting ? Couldn't it have been . an imitation ? Wasn't it one ? Was it not written by Marah. and not Henora? ?Written by Marah? By Marah? Great heavens, did she go with them, then ? Were my secret doubts right? Is she lest to me in eter nity as well as -here ? Is she liviag with him?'' - . 'She was and is living with him. There is a Mr. UrquHart in Paris and a Mrs. Urquhart. As Marah is the woman he loved she must be this hitter/ ' ... -.-''? ' ' Must be ? I do not see why you should say must be. Is Honora dead ? Is———' 'Honora is dead— has been dead for sixteen years. The woman who sailed with Mr; Urquhart called herself Honora, but she was not Honora. She who rightfully bore this name was dead and hidden away. It is of crime that I am speaking. Edwin Urquhart'is a murderer, and his victim was——' ? i _ v It was not necessary to, say more. I saw that I had driven the truth home at hist. I was silent', therefore, and waited as wo wait beside a death-bed for the final sigh of a depart ing- spirit. '' . . , .. '? ? He tittered a moan, followed by one word : 'Murder!' . * ? He leaped to his feet, and shouted into the heavens:' ? . .'. .*.'_?.'' : '.-.. 'Murder!' ' . , .1 - iFiUed wiikJkorror, X took him iqrjbhe ana* 3tt I - ?T-jjK -n'aobbii'''''' - '? '?' ? ; :'i'--,'vx ? ?:'' :** I ? - ? ? ? ? ' . ? but he shook me off, and cried in a terrible voice : ? . ~ - . - - . | ; * A fiend, a demon, a creature of the darkest hell ! I have worshipped her, pardoned her, dreamed of her for fifteen years ia solitude dedi cated to God! O, Creator of all good, what sacrilege I have committed ! 'Poor Honora! My heart owes her one cry of pity, one tear of grief. I shall never weep 'for any one else. ' You will came back to Albany with me ? This spot will never be a home to you again/ 'STevor!'. ? . . ,* ^ 'See! it is late/ I urged. - ???-. : * What do I not leave behind me here ? Love, grief,- dreams.- Hag the future in it anything- .for a man. like me ?? - t ? ' It has vengeance/ ; He gave a short cry- I will do nothing for vengeance. That would be to make a slave of myself again.' Two excitements to-day. First the appearance at my doors of the person of whose coining I was advised. He stayed three hours, all of which he made me spend with fri-m in the oak parlor ; and when he had. finished with me and got my signa ture to a long and complicated affidavit. The oak-parlor I have shut and locked. It will not be soon entered again by me. ,. The other excitement was the coming of two new guests f rem New York, elegant ladies. Good God, what is that! I thought I felt something brush my sleeve. Yet there is no one near mo, and nothing astir in the room. And why should such a sudden vision of the old oak parlor rise before my eyes ? Sixteen years ago I expressed a determination to refit the oak parlor and make it look more attractive to the eye ; I never did it. A year since, I declared, in language ^as strong as I knew how to employ, not that I* would refit the oak-parlor, but that I ; would tear it from, the house, even at the cost of demolishing the whole structure. ? . -? I have neitker the power nor the inclination'to touch it. The ghost of the woman who perished there restrains me. Why ? Because we are not done with that room. The end of its story is not yet. I have spoken of two ladies. They came with out servants, saying they wished to remain in this beautiful spot, at once accepted the south room reserved for such guests. Something, I cannot tell what, roused in me a spirit of sus picion, and I began to notice that the elder lady was ef a very uneasy disposition, exhibiting a proneness to wander about the house and glide throngh its passages. They are both beautiful, the younger especially. The name they gave was a foreign one. It is written Letellier, with a simple Madame before it for the mother, and Mademoiselle for the daughter. There is certainly grief in the eye of the younger one and care on her brow. With strangers it vanishes, and a sweet charm conies that reminds me — But this is folly, sheer folly ! How could she look like Mrs. Urquhart? Imagination carries ine too far. And yet I Temember ' the one woman when I look at the other, and shudder. This woman, wkatever her faults, loves her daughter, and where love is there cannot be danger. Yet I shudder. I lite her and I hate her j I obey her, and yet hold -myself in readiness for rebellion. I hate her and I distrust her. She is here for evil, and her eye is on the oak parlor. Though it is locked and the key hidden on my person, she will find means to possess herself of that key and open that door. How ? We will see. They are stopping here on their way to Albany — so the elder lady says. They came from Ifew York. But if my intuitions are not greatly at fault, the place they started from was France. The fact that the marks and labels have all been effaced from their baggage is suspicious in itself. - . : This morning I was exceedingly -startled by one of my guests suddenly asking me if my inn had a ghost. 'A ghost!* I cried. Well !I never see it, especially at twilight, that I don't wonder what lies so heavily upon its conscience. Is it a crime ? There would be nothing strange about it, if it was. Such old houses rarely have a clean past/ 'A house that dates back to a 'time when the white' men and' the red' fought for every inch of the territory on which it steeds, would fee an anomaly if it did not have some drops of blood upon it/ I ventured to say, as soon as I could command my emotions. ?True,' broke in the voice of Madame Letellier. ' Do you kaow of any special tragedy that makes the heusefmemorable ?' 'There is one/ I bega», and paused. 'Oh, tell us/ broke in the daughter. 'K I thought you kept a ghost I should lea re it at once/ 'Ghosts are commonplace. We countenance nothing commonplace here/ I answered. 'Good! It must have some wonderful secret, then. What is it, Mrs. Truax ? Do you own a banshee ? Have you a ? ' 'Mamma, you hurt me !' Madame had caught her daughter by the hand, and was probably unaware what '-'passion she had -put' into her* Clasp. I caught a, glimpse of that mother's face, it was white as~;«teathv 'De cidedly she knows more than she ought to,' thought I. ' And yet she wants to'teriow more. - -Why?' - - ri- ?--,.?,.,- ,-;-.., *4£he ' Happy-go-Lucky ' Inn '?is'*' no more haunted by a banshee than by 'a ghost. ' I could - tell you tales of its owners and incidents con nected with the coming and going of the innu merable guests. But the one story I ijdll tell must suffice. Who conld ever tell the complete story of such a hense as this?' 'Years ago ? ' I stopped agajn, wickedly stepped. ' Madame, will you come forward where it is lighter?' ' I thank you.' * Years ago, when I had been mistress of this place but a short time, there entered these doors at nightfall a young couple. Did yon speak, madame?* I began to hate my role;' but went on stolidly. 1 They were a handBome pair, and I felt an in terest in them at once. But this interest immea surably heightened when the young man drewine-' apart and said, ' Madame, -we are an unhappy couple. We have been married just four hours.' * Here I paused for breath, and to take a good look at madame. She was fixed as a stone, but her eyes were burning. Evidently she expected the relation of a story which she knew. I would disappoint her. I would cause in her first a ehocfc of relief, and then I woul* reawaken her fears and probe her very soul. Slowly, and as if it were a, matter of coarse, I proceeded to say — '-It was a. runaway match. Will you let us come in? We dare not risk an encounter on the' road.' * Go in/ said I. * I have a woman's heart, and cannot bear to see young people in distress/ 'But before I could provide a meaL I heard the antisipated?clattering of hoofs, and the cry of the young wife/ ' I cannot bear it ! 2f o ; let me fly, let me hide myself ; swear that you are here alone, that you brought no bride, that she left you at the altar — And prayed that I would assist the lie, and swear to her father when he came in that her husband had ridden np alone/ ' Standing there, where you see that jog in the wall, she promised; and giving one look of love to her companion, she sped from our sight/ * A moment later the General's voice was filling, the house, asking for his daughter/ ' ' She is not here/' came trom the young man. You can search, if you please ; but it will be time '^wasted.' '''The girl is here, is ehenot?' the father asked, turning to me. ''Ho, she is not.' r ' I do not know how I managed the lie; but I did. ? . ' ' Scatter !' he shouted. ' Search _the house well.' Tr.rning to me, he added, 'rYou have brought this on yourself by a lie. I saw my daughter in this fellow's arms as they passed over the ridge of the hill. She is hjare .' ' The staircase clock struck Hot only the half hour, but the hour ; and yet his words had not come trae. Every room was ..entered without result. ' ' Has she escaped from one of the windows ?' I asked. ' '...'? * He looked at me, but made no reply. ''Ifs a conspiracy,' was the cry. 'You Sire ailjJ^Eif^ue.-i.tp deceive tjBie. ^Whero is, my * \ £i .s&botA; ,*qt°S ??'? ?'' ; -;-!isiE3— ..-^ifg-jnrgo joc'5 JiA j~ijrH ' '?'. :' . . ,-?— \\-iB$Si* . ''It is impossible for me to tell you/'.was my reply. ~' She is not within thc«e Trails/' ? ' She is not outside of them, i set a watch at the four corners of the house. She is here. I say; and I ask you to give her. up.' ?'Very well,' he continued, 'I will not search farther to-night; but to-morrow — : — ' he turned to the young man, ' As for you,' he cried, ' You will remain here. Unpleasant as it may b» for us both, we will keep each other's company till morning/ 'I did not sleep that night, and when the morning dawned I joined the General again with effers of a breakfast. . . . '-.??'. ,j-.r---' 'He'would not eat anything till, he had gone through the house again. His second search .ended as vainly as his first.' . ' And now comes the strangest part of the tale/ * ' And now, where is she P* I cried to the young husband. ' Let us have her here at once. She must be hungry/ ' I do not know where she is. She will return herself as soon as she thinks it safe/ I could not believe my ears. ' You do not know where she is ?' I repeated. She swore to me before she set foot upon your doorstep, that she could so hide herself in these walls that no one could ever find her till she choso to reveal herself. ' She is a stranger to you/ he retorted, ' but she may not be a stranger to the house/ ' ' She is not in the house/' I now asserted to the almost frenzied bridegroom. 'Our lies have come back upon our heads, and it is in the river we must look for her.' . _ ''She would not deeeiveme, nor wouldshehave sought death alone. Leave me- to look for her another hour. I must, I can, I will find, her ?ye£' . ? ' '-But he never did. After that last fond,lpok with which she turned down that very ha|l, you see before you, we saw her no more/ - .--, . ; I. had never taken my eyes off madame, ..and the strain upon us both had been terrible; but I Iet,my glance wander now. I remarked — *I never spoil a good story by tea manyexplana- . tions. Am I not right, Madame ?' 'Perfectly/ An hour Liter, as I passed Madame's door, I saw it open, and felt her soft hand on my arm. ' Your pardon. My daughter has been pecu liarly affected by the story you related. Is it — was it a true story ?' ' Your daughter need not be affected on ac count of any iJfcory of mine. It was all imagin ation, Madame, »n imagination/ ^And you had nothing to found it upon ?' i smiled ; her light tone did not deceive me as to the anxiety underlying all this, but it was not in my plan to betray my powers of: penetration. I preferred that she should think me her dupe. Her face changed at once. It was as if a black veil had been drawn away from it. ' My daughter will be so relieved/ she affirmed, Madame never addresses her daughter by her first name, consequently we do not know it. This is a matter of surprise. I have no especial curiosity about it — I would much rather know the mother's. Is she her mother ? I sometimes think she is not. If the interest in the oak-parlor is what I think it is, then she cannot be ; for what mother would wish to bring peril to her child ? Perhaps after all I have been mistaken, v I was not mistaken. Madame has serious designs upon the oak-parlor. Not content with reaming up and down the hallway leading to it, she was detected yesterday morning trying to open its doors. And this is not all. Afl I lay in my bed last night, resting as only a weary woman can rest, I heard a light tap at my door. Eising, I opened it, and was astonished to see standing before me the light figure of Madamoi selle. ' Excuse me for troubling you ; I am sorry to wake you, but I am so anxious about my mother. She went to bed with me, and we fell asleep; but when I woke a little while ago she was missing, and though' I have waited for her a long time she does not return. Oh, how cold it is 3' 'Your mother will return speedily/ I pro mised. ' Doubtless she felt restless, and is taking a turn or two up and down the hall/ Urging her to go into*bed, I spoke one or two farther words of a comforting nature, at which the lovely girl seemed to forget her pride, for she threw her arms about my neck -with, a, low sigh, and then, pushing me softly from her, I hastened quickly to my room, -where I wrapped myself in a, long dark cloak. TIiub equipped, I stole back again to the hall, and, gliding with as motionless a step as possible, found my way to th9 back stairs, down which I crept, holding my breath and listening intently. . '! 'The situation of those back stairs lead directly* after a couple of turns, to that h*n upon which opens the oak-parler. 'Five steps from the low*r floor there is a landing, and upon this landing there is a tall Dutch clock, so placed as to offer a very good hiding-place behind it to any onB anxious to gaze unobserved down the hall. But to reach the clock one has to pass a window, and as thia looks south, and was upon this night open to the moonlight, I felt that the situation demanded, eircucispectica. ' I therSfpre paused and listened intently before proceediBg.Afa£fcber. There was, no noise; ,,-all wasi'.'.qajetft,.s;.Yet from that, hall below «ame ah un-jefinablG something ^which made' ine feeL that, sh^ 'was there; a breajpipng influence, rthat .awoke^eyery nervous sensibility within me,'' and inade ^ydtLeaxt-beats so irregular that I tried 'to stop them/lest my own presence should' be betrayed. lJShe was there, a creepiag, baleful figure, blotting the moonshine with her tall shadow as she passed panther-like to and fro before that closed door, or creuched against the wall in the same attitude of listening which I myself wore. Or so I pictured her as I clung to the balustrade above, asking myself how I should cross that strip of moonlight separating me from the vantage-point I longed to gain. For that I knew her to be there was not enough. I must see her, and learn if possible ?what the attraction was which drew her to this fatal door. But how — how — how ? If she wero watching, as secrecy ever watches, I conld not take a step upon that platform without being discerned. I must s»e what was to be seen from, the step where I siood, and to do this I knew but one way. Taking- ~up the end of my long- cloak, I advanced it the inerestirifle beyond the edge of the partition that 'separated me from the h%)l below. Then I listened again. Ko sound, no stir. I breathed deeply+land thrust my arm still far ther, the long cloak hanging from it, dark and im penetrable, to the floor below. Then I waited. I let my arm advance an inch or so farther, and, satisfied now that I had got the slit which answers for an armhole into a position that would afford me full opportunity of looking through the black wall I had thus improvised. Then came a sound, the first I had heard. It wag from far down the hall, and was, as near as I could judge, of a jingling nature. Then the quick suspicion came as to what it was, and, unable to restrain myself longer, I separated the slit I have spoken of with the fingers of my right hand and looked through. ' 'there she was, standing before the door of the oak-parlor, fitting keys. Taken aback, I sank out of sight, cloak and all, asking myself what I should do. I finally decided to d« nothing. I would listen, and if the least intimation came to prove that she had succeeded in her endeavor, I would then spring down , the steps that, separated us, and. hold her back by the hair of her head. Meanwhile I congratulated myself that the lock of that room was a peculiar one, and that the. only key I knew of that would unlock it was undei the pillow of the bed I had just. left. . gj^.'... .'.'..'?'? 'Instantly all was still. I knew whither she had gone. Near the door she was tampering with is a passage way leading to another window. Into this she had slipped, and I could look out now. with impunity. 'There was another cloud rushing up from the south, and in another moment I was con fident that I should hear again the slight clatter of the key against the lock. And I did, and not only once but several times, which fact assured me .that she had not only brought a handful of keys with her, but that those keys must have come from some more distant quarter than the town ;' that, indeed, she had come pro vided to the ' Happy-go-Lucky ' for thie nocturnal vjsit. . : &\- ' She did not succeed in her efforts. There was no hope for her ; for the slight sounds ceased, and presently I heard a step, and, peering recklessly from my corner, I perceived her gliding away toward the front -stairs. I smiled and crept noiseleBMy to thy owaToom, and bar doors closed ?riii8ai»wi$&.*':' ' i-F''- x?r- f3'1,- /' 'ws''i' : jCTTB!SiijJOT»fac:-: . erf- .--'j-h .^amdi---- ??;.-? $aea-- fi-':. quid -£tf aeisi «?i. *??,' .faifoc-boso.- - '. '-^'i *?: si ' . ' ' -.-.'?.??» r-- fi-'m' ,- ...; ??-: ' *--ohp ' This morning I ^.watched with some anxiety for her first look. . ? : ' ' I am glad to see you look so well this mem ing! Your daughter seemed to ba cbneerneTl - about you in the night because you had loft your . bed; but I told bar I was sure all was right — that you were feeling nervous, and only wanted , a breath of fresh air you would find in the halls.' Aad my glance did not flinch, nor my mouth lose its smile, though she' surveyed me keenly with eyes whose look might penetrate a stone. ? ' You understand your own sex,' was her light reply. ' Last night my feelings were too much. for iny self-control, and I arose. I hope I did not seriously disturb you, or awaken anybody ?' ? 'I had, howeyerVmade up my mind to change my mind t;o change my room . I intend to take up my abode in a cortain small room in. the west wing, not very far removed from the dreadful oak parlor. This morning two letters arrived for my strange guests. I carried them up to Madams Letellier'fl room myself. ' ' Let me have them !' ' ' From your father ?' asked the mother. ' ' From ? ' she began, but stopped, whether from maidealy shame, or at some secret signal from her mother, I cannot say. Two days have passed, and Mademoiselle LetoV Her grows paler a»d thinner. But the time haa not passed without its incident. ' It is this. In the garden is a white stone. It marks the resting-place of Honora Urquhart. We have taken no uninterested person into the secret of this grave. ' 'You axe wondering what this stone means,* I . observed to Madame Letellier to set her at ease. Then suddenly, and with a changed voice I added '*It isa head-stone ; a dead body lies here.' : * She quivered, and her lids fell. ' It is not usual to find a garden used for a burial-place. 'May I ask whose body lies here?' And I then . walked away. ???'? -? For I felt that she was a serpent, and must bev met as such. I might yet light upon the secxeb. of her interest in the oak-parlor. Her daughter waa waiting in the doorway '. when we reached the house. ' Ah, mamma,' cried the sweet voice, ' I have : been so lonesome !' ' Darling, I will not leave you again, even for a walk/ That stone in the garden seems to possess a magnetic attraction for Madame ; she is over sir or near it half the time. If I go out in the early morning, there she is before me pacing up and. down the paths converging to that spot. It ia the same at nightfall. I invariably see her there. I cannot disconcert her, so I will continue to play a discreet part and -wait. Madame has become bolder, or her curiosity more impatient. One evening, after a hurried survey of the house and grounds, £he failed to detect my sharp eyes behind the curtain of the upper window, knelt down on -the sod of that grave, doubtless to see if there were any marks or inscription upon it. I determined she should not be sure of this, so before she could satisfy her self I threw up the window behind that it alarmed- - her, and she hastily rose. ',;;' '? 'It is a lovely evening-/ I cried. 'Have you' been admiring the sunset ?4 ?'? V:; 12\. p.m. — Another midnight adventure ! . ' ?? '?'?'? -r I had gone to bed. The change of room added ? to my disturbance. - Nor could I forget near what it lay, that only a slight partition separated , me from the' secret chamber, with its ghastly memories and horrors. I was lying, then, awake, when sGme impulse^ — was it a magnetic one ? — caused me to rise and ? look out of the window. A second time I looked again, and this time perceived something among the shadows of the trees stirring in the garden. I then w«nt out into the hall. £ did not take a light. I sped from door to door and window to window. The front door I found lGeked. Thoj : one in the kitchen was ajar. I knew then what had happesed. I know what she is doing in the garden. No; I will remain here in the shadows' vi of the kitchen, and wait for hsr to return.; r Almost before I had withdrawn into my corner, I- ? heard the faint, fail of feet on the stone and the hasty tread of her footsteps as she glided across the brick flagging and disappeared. ' ' She has laid the ghost of her unrest for to- » night,' thought I. ' To-morrow it will rise again.' ' Alas ! does that unrest spring from premedi tated or already accomplished- guilt ? She is a burdened creature, and the weight of her fears or her intentions lie heavily upon her. What would people think if they could see her as I do, rising in the night to roam about a grave, the unmarked headstone of which baffles her scrutiny ? ' Madame has since turned all her attention again to the oak-parlor, for some time after ward she asked me if I had not some jroom on the ground-floor in exchance for the one they now occupy. I answered ' No.' Then, with seeming reluctance, said that there was one room below which I had had shut up. - i ' Oh; only let me see the roses come back to n@f[--^ daughter's, cheeks. Where is this room ?' ' It would take days to get it usLto'conditiori £6£ - sleeping in. The floor is so loose in places that you cannot walk across it. Then there is tha chimney— — '- -? ( 'Do let ihe see it, and I can soon tell you 'whether we can be comfortable there. I had sworn to myself never to enter that room again. I then procured the key; arid, taking her with me, I ;*Tinlocked the fatal door. Her first glance flashed to the mantel and its adjacent wainscoting and desolate walls, and exclaimed — ''A gloomy place, but you can easily make it in viting with a cheerful nre. Tiie window I find looks out on the river. Let us come here, will you not ?' I am willing. I intended she should sleep in this room, and announced that the room . should be made ready for occupation. ' Bless God that I am mistress in my own house ! ~ While I am having the floor mended, I am secretly having another piece of work done, which, if known, would arouse suspicions, and would destroy all my plans concerning the mysterious guests who insist upon inhabiting the accursed oak- parlor. ' Th© secret chamber lies between the rooms One is the oak-parlor and the small room in which. I had put up my bed after the nocturnal adven ture, which has always been used as a storeroom, and no one handles the keys of this house but myself, for I. must have proper eomraunication with this room before I can allow Madame Le tellier and her daughter to take up their abode.' in it. My doubts are so great that I intend to, watch -over that den of wicked memories. . ' ' A month ago, if any one had told me that E; wonld deep in the secret chamber I would have said that person was mad. iAfter installing my guests I informed them that I had an. affection of the eyes which com«( ' -pelled me to shut myself up in a dark room, and;. I felt one of these spells cominar on, and that by resort to darkness I hoped to prevent the attack^ ?Convinced that .she had some plan in mind which/ made her- .v dji?ad ,.xuy.' watchfulness, I mads final arrangements and betook , myself . .^ at once to ifius1 !dark chamber; laying , .iny .. ear., .against ..£ne '. opening . I listened. . , Should I 'Jeaiiv enough to. pay. 'ine jpi the humi- . liationof my ..josiiion.? I knew ..my motive was, pure. '''It will not be always so. ' When, nighfc , comes and the , heart opens, they -w^II speak ;bf what lies upon their minds? . .. ' .. .'.^ ';?: '..--' 1 *€-, mamma,', were' the first words 'I heard. .''It you would only tell me why you do: not wish, i m» jto receive letters from him! ..But,- this silence— . this love and'|Jiis silence are killing jne! .. I can*' no^.l3eariti';r ', '.''.'''. ' '?;..,. ,,.' .''.'..'.-:.- 'Time was grlien daughters found it .sifficient to. know that their parents disapproved of an act, :. ?iipthent inquiring- into their reasons. Have I 'ins right to j$ay more ?'*... ' I do not appeal to your sense of right, but to your love. You see that I am heart-broken/ ' I wonder at nothing/ 'Was that Madame's voice? What hopeless despair ! 'If he were unworthy,' her daughter here ex claimed — *' if you could point to anything he lacks '. Mamma, is he not as near it as a mas maybe? .' ? I heard the answer come slowly. ' We wish you to marry Armand Thierry/ ' A shopkeeper !' *That is why we brought you away; to learn, that tl«B parents' views in these matters are the truest «&es.; It is. not from tyranny- — rr' X then presently heard her mother's steps pao» ing- up and down. ?- i - :; i^v'V (TO BE CQNOTNUSD, ^ 