STAND FAST, CRAIG-ROYSTON. NEW NOVEL, BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author oe " A Princess oy Thule," SAUI.VA ZEJinRA," &o.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter xiii.— The Gnawing Fox. But ho was not disheartened by tlioso ominous words of hora, not oven on the following morn ing, whon ho found tho littlo thoroughfare so strangely silent and empty, and tho two windows ovor tho way hccoino vacant and devoid of oharm. Ho bad tire high oourago and the im- potuous will of youth ; seeing no difficulties or dnngers ahead, ho refused to bclievo in any ; Maisrio had noldonicd him lrer love, therefore sire must bo liis wifo ; and nil tho futuro shone fair. And so he set to work on liis Mcndovcr lecture, and mndo good progress, oven if liis thoughts went somotimcs flying away down to Brighton. As for tire lecture itself — well, perhaps certain of its contentions and. illustrations would havo surprised and oven shocked thnt Communist capitalist, his fathor ; but tho young man was accustomed to tliinlc for himself. Yes, this littlo street wns terribly oinpty, and thoso windows indescribably blank. And tho room was lonely, work or no work. But as lie was standing looking out, cigarette in hand, after liis frugal lunoheon, a happy inspiration sprang into iiis head ; for hero was Hobson, tiio husband of tho landlady across tho way, coming along tire pavomont ; and would it not be a com forting thing to have him in to talk about tho twe lodgors who had just lot t ? Vincent opened the window a bit, and said into tho street (thoro was 110 need to call) — "Kobson 1 " Tire man looked up. "Yes, sir. " " " I want you for a moment." .Thou Vinocnt went hiinsolf downstairs and opened the door, and; hero was the shabby- genteel cx- butlcr, obsequiously waiting, witii an excoss of imbecile, amiability in his wak, prominent, norvous cyos. "Coine in nnd liavo' a smoke, Hobson," tho young man said. "You must ho lonoly ovor there now. Makes a difference, doesn't it ?" " AVondorf ul, sir, wonderful;" and tho docilo Hobson immediately followed up tho stairs and acoopted a big cigar, and was prevailed on to draw in a oliair to tho fire. Vinoent ton!: a seat opposite him nnd lit another cigarette — quite friendly like, as one might say. "You've scon a good deal of Mr. Bsthune since ho camo to livo in your house ? " the young man bogan, in a sort of tentative and oncouragl ing way. And Kobson responded witli instant enthusiasm— " Ah, yes, indocd, sir, and proud of the same. A groat man, sir— oh, a vory great man — and how he came to he where ho is, sir, well, that beats me, sir. And that halfable, sir! — if ho 'avc somethinlc on tho table, he'll say, ' Hobson, bring two tumblers ' — yes, sir — ' Hobson, bring two tumblers ' — and I must tnko a seat, just as kind and condescending as you arc, sir. 1 Fill your glass, Hobson,' he says, just that haifabie like——" "Oh, I beg your pardon," said Vincont, look ing guiltily towards his vacant sidolioard. "The fact is, I havon't.anything of tho kind in these rooms ; but I can send out. "Which would you like, gin or whisky ? " "Whichever you please," said Hobson, com placently, "being so, kind as to think of it, sir." The necessary fluid was soon procured ; and Hobson wns liberally helped. And when at length lie began to cxpntinte on tho character nnd tire wonderful attainments and abilities of Mnisrio's grand father, there may liavo boen a little exaggeration (for gin tends towards exag geration) in liis spoech ; but his aim nnd admira tion were genuine enough at the core. He grovelled in tho dust before that impressive old man. Ho spoke in almost a breathless way of liis " halfability." Why, that a great personago in literature should condescend to road his, Hod- son's, poor littlo verses was extraordinary ; but that he should give advice, too, and encourage meat, that was overwhelming. And as for tho young lady— but here Hohson's language failed him. "Witli tears in his eyes lie deolared that sho was a " liangel of sweetness" — which did not convey much to Vincent's eager listening ears. But when he went on to teil about all sorts of little acts of kindness and consideration — when ire spoke of her patience, .with tho old gentle man's temper, of her cheerfulness over small dis appointments happening to hcrsolf, of liorgontlo-. ness and suuiiiiioss, aud invariable good humor —hero ho was oil more intelligiblo ground ; and liis doligiited nnd grateful nudienoo was not slow to press on him another cigar, which was not refusod. Indeed, what with so much courtesy shown him, and what with tho stimu lating influence of tho gin and water, Hobson grew valiant, and began to broach wild and iconoclastic theories about filthy lucre, nnd to describe in dark colors tho character of nuy one — presumably his own wifo — who could bo bo base as to take every farthing of her rent, fort night after fortnight, from a grand and noble old gentleman and a beautiful young lady, both of whom seemod to have known hotter days. "Do you know how long thoy aro to he away?" Vincont nskod. " Wall, sir, the old gentleman, sir, he says perhaps two weeks and perhaps three." " I boo you've put up a notioo that the rooms aro to be lot." "Yes, sir ; but that ain't much use not for so short a time, sir." And here another Budden fanoy struck tho young man. " But I know how you can get them let," said he. " How, sir ?" " You can lot tliom to me." " Law, air I" , Thoro was a doubtful look about Hobson's big, vacuous eyes ; being of a poetic and sensitive lintnro ho did not liko jokes, and was suspicious. However, the young geutieman, to judgo by his mnnner, soomod fair and honest and above board. "I will tako thom," said Vincont, "until Mr. Bethuno nnd his granddaughter come bnak. Not to occupy thom myself, you undorstand ; but I don't want any stranger to bo going into those roomB, you see— that is all." "How kind, sir— how thoughtful!" Hobson said, in a pathetic way. "What it is to have good, kind friends !" 5 "And as the rooms aro now mino, I suppose I might go ovor and look at them — if you will finish up your tumbler?" "Certainly, sir, oertainly," Hobson. said, jumping to liis feot with nlncrity, and hastily draining his glass. "They're nil tidied up, sir, against tire chance of a lodger. And won't the missus be surprised ! — for tho womon, sir, the women, you sec, sir, they likos to haggle and bargain, but with men, sir, begging your pardon, sir, it's a word and dono I" Indeed ho seemod cpiitc proud of tire prompti tude with which lie lmd conducted and concluded this negotiation ; and it wns with nn unusunlair of authority nnd importauoo that ire led tho way upstairs and showed Vincent into the little parlor, with which ho was- already abundantly familiar. There were fow Alterations. ' Tho old mnn's books, Maisrie's music and similar personal belongings had disappeared, and a hideous purple vnso stood for ornament in the middlo of tire tablo. The pallid litho graphs were still on the walls ; Maisrie's chry santhemums woro out there in the littlo iron balcony. "Would you like to soo tho rooms upstairs, sir?" The young man hesitated for n second. "Oh, vory well." Hohson led the way up to tho next landing ; and thero tire first door he came to ho flung wide opon. "The young lady's room, sir." But Vincent did not ncoopt the impliod invi- tation. Ho hung slinmefacodly back. "Oh, yes, that's ail right," said ho. "I 1 only wished to to havo it kopt for hor," And yet he lingered for another second at the door of tiiis chamber — that seemed so sacred — that seemed to shut him out. Ho could see the dressing table, the chest of drawers, the neatly folded bod, tire ratlior dingy window. "Look hero, Hobson," said lie, if I were to got some things to mako tho room a little more cheorful, I supposo that could be done without letting Miss Bothuno know who sent them? The looking glass thero — you know, that is not tho right kind of tiling at all ; there should be a pretty mirror on tho dressing tablo, with some laco ronnd'tho top of it " Hero lio ventured in half a step or so, and ratlior timidly looked round. , " That ono gas et can't bo half enough, when Miss Bethuno is dressing to go out in tho even ing,!' ire said, complainingly— porhaps to conooal his Incomprehensible diffidcnco and shynoss. 1 "She must havo candles — one on each sido of tho mirror, for oxample. And that screen across tho window, why, it is so common ; it ought to bo a pieco of palo silk — to lot the light through." Hovonturcd a fow inches further, and again looked round. "What do yon oall that thing ? — the coverlot — tho countorpane — isn't it? Woll, it shouldn't bo white and oold and eheerless liko that ; it should be a deep crimson satin — and thero should be pretty things at the head of the bod — loops and bows of ribbon — my goodncsB, what is Mrs. Hobson about ! — a young lady's room shouldn't bo like a cell in a prison." " Law, Bir, I'm very sorry," Hobson said, in a bewildered way ; a crimson satin coverlet sounded a grand thing ; but it also meant a heap of money. "But como away out nnd I will talk to you," Vincent said, just as if they woro in a mysteri ously sacred shrine, whero tho talkingof business affaire wns a sort of profanation. Or porhaps he resented tire intrusion of tho amiable but gin-odorous Ilobson. At all evonts, ho did not rcsutno the conversation until they woro both downstairs again in tire parlor. / " You understand, then," ho said, and there was no moro timidity about his speech now, " I am willing to get a number of things for the room, nnd to mako you and Mra. Hobson a present of them, on the distinct condition that Miss Bethuno is kopt in nbsolute ignorance how tlrey camo there. Ono word to hor — and out thoy- como again, ovory rag and stick. Why, you can easily invont cxcusos I Yoti can toll thom you took tho opportunity of thoir absence to brighten up the placo a bit. It is in your own interest to keep tho rooms smart : it doesn't imply any favor conferred on your lodgers. Don't you soo ?" "Yes, sir. Vory kind of you, sir, indeed," said Hobson; who seemod'ji, littlo conftfsfcd. "And what did you want mvto do?"'1' ' " Do ? I want you to do nothing ; nnd I want you to say nothing. Don't you understand ? I am going to send in a few things to smarten up that room; and they are yours so long as not any ono of you hints to Miss Botliuue whore they camo from. Isn't that simple enough ?" But far less simple was liis own part in tiiis transaction, as he was speedily to discover. For when ho went outsido again, and made away towards Rcgcnt-stroot, thinking ho would go to n famous shop thero and buy all sorts of protty things, it gradually dawned on him that lie had undertaken a task entirely beyond liis know ledge. For example, ho could purchase any quantity of crimson satin ; but how or where was he going to get it made up into a covorlet, or counterpane, or quilt, or whatever tire tiling was oalled ? Then supposing lie hnd the mirror and tho lace, who was going to put tire laco round tho top of tire mirror? — ho eould not do that for himsolf. A littlo sat of ornamental book sholves he eould buy, certainly ; but how was ho going to ask for tho bows of ribbon, or tho silk drapory, or whatovor it was that ought to adorn thobrnsB tods at tho lioad of tire bed? Tho moro lie considered the matter the more clearly ho saw that lie must consult a woman, and the only woman ire could consult in confi dence was his aunt, Mrs. Ellison, who had now returned to Brighton. And porhaps ho strove to conoeal from himsolf what it was that so easily and naturally drew his thoughts to Brighton ; perhaps ho was hardly himself aware how this socret hunger of the soul was minute by minute nnd hour by hour increasing in its demands. Maisric had not been so long away ; but already ho felt that ono briof glance of hor, no matter at what distanco, would be a priceless thing. And tlion again it would not be breaking any compact. He would not seok to go near hor, if there wns this undertanding that these two woro for tho present separated the ono from the other. Sho would not even know he was in the town. And surely it would bo a now and wonderful experionoo to look at Maisrio from afar off, as if she wore. a. stranger. So Instend of going to Rvgont-stroet, ho went to the nearest post office and telegraphed to Mrs. Ellison, asking if sho could take him in for a day or two. Then he walked on home, aiid by the time he had reached Grosvouor-plnce the answer was thero awaiting him ; ho wns to. go down at onoc. He put a few tilings in his bag, jumped into n hansom and drove to Victoria Station ; caught the 4.30 train, nnd eventually arrived at Brunswick Terraoo about 6. He guessed that his aunt's afternoon visitors would bo gono, and Ire would liavo ample opportunity of a long talk with her before dinner. liis anticipations proved corveot. When ho was shown into the big drawing room — whioh looked vory snug and warm amid its magnifi- eonoo — he found tho tall and bright-eyod young widow in solo possession ; nnd sho camo forward to welcome him with groat complaisance. " Vory sensible of you, Vin. You know I can always mako room for you, no matter who is in tho house." " If I had gono to a hotel, aunt, you would havo mado an awful row ; and I don't want to quarrel with you just at present ; tho fact is, I liavo come to you for ndvico and liolp," said he. " But first — my congratulations ! I was hardly surprised when I got your lottor ; and I am sure no ono can wish you more happiness than I do — " " Oil, be quiot," sho snid ; and she took a scat at a little distanco from tho fire, by tire side of a small tablo, and put a fan betweon her eyes and the crimson shaded lamp. " Congratula tions? Woll, I supposo thore aro no fools like old fools. But if grown up pooplo will play at boing children, and amuse themselves by writing things in tho sand — did I tell you how it all happened ? — tlicy must tako the consequences. And I, wire used to be sp content ! Haven't I often told you? Porhaps I boasted too much " "Oil, yes, pretend you regret it !" said ho. "And you talk of your being so old — you ! — why, what girl of oil your acquaintance has half your lifo and spirit, or half your good looks, cither " "Vincent Harris," said she, and she tnrned round and faced him, " what do you want ?" Ho laughed. " It is a very simple matter, aunt." And then he begnu to tell lior ot tho little predicament in whioh ho was placed ; and to beseech lrer help. Would sire ooino and oiiooso tho things for him ? There woro plonty of brio- h-brao shops in Brighton; sire would know what was most appropriate ; her own houso. was evidenoo of hor taste. But his ingenuous flattery wns of no avail. Mrs. Ellisou's face grow more and moro serious, until at length sho exclaimed — " Why, Vin, this is tire very mndnoss of in fatuation i And I lied boon hoping for far otiier things, I lind imagined from tho tone of your last letter that perhaps there might be a change— that yonr eyes hnd been opened at Inst. So this is going on just tho samo as ever ?'' " It is going on, as you oall it, aunt, and is likely to go on— so long as I live. " " Then I, for ono, wish to havo nothing to do with it," she said, sharply. "And this last proposal is really too audacious. What busi ness, liavo,. jrou witli that girl's room? — what, right have you to go into it?"' " " Ho wns rather taken aback — for a moment. " Business? — oil, none of course. Noire what ever— that is to say— oh, yes, I havo, though ! I have a perfect right to go into it. Tire room is not hers. It is mine. I havo paid for it. When she comes baok. it will be hers; and whore is tho harm of her finding it a littlo prettier ?— that is all." "I must say, Vin," sho continued, in a very reserved fashion, " that the infatuation of a young man may oxouso a good deal ; but this is a little — a little too much. Do you consider it- quite niao — quito becoming ? A satin counter pane ! I wonder what the girl would think herself— if sire has any refinement of fooling— if she lias any dolicaoy— " His face grow vory palo. " ' If sho has any refinement of feeling — if she has any dclioacy,' " ho repeated. Then lie rose. " It is useless to sny anything further, aunt ; thero is an end this time." But she had risen too. Ho tried to pass her— and failed ; nay, sho went to tho door and stood with lrer baok against it and faced him. " No, you shall not go," sho said. " Why should there be any dissension? You aro my own doar boy ; I would do anything for you — excopt in this one dirootion " "Except in this ono direction?" lio repeated, soornfully. "Why cannot wo remain friends," she said, witli appealing oyes, " good and true friends— nnd agree to leave this one subject alono?" "This ono subject — tliot is my lifo 1" he snid, vohomontly. " What folly you talk 1 ,You wish to out away tho very tiling I live for, the very thing that is my lifo ; and to continno your friendship with what remains— a scnsaless stick or stouc ! And why ? Because of your insen sate prejudice, your cruel and baseless sus picions. Why do you talk to me as if I were a boy? I have seen twice as much of tire world as you havo ; I have had hotter oppor tunities of learning how to judge strangers. But you — you live in a narrow groove, you have your maid to talk to, your acquain tances to call in the afternoon, yonr friends to dinner, and what bo3idcs? That is your world. What do you know of tho human boings outsido it ? Must tliey all be dishonest — because tlrey. have not beon hoard of by yonr handful of a sot? Must they nil bo thioves and swindlers — becauso thoy aro not in tire Court Directory ? But it is littlo matter. If this sub ject is debarred, then all is debnrred, as between you and me. You can go your own way, and I mine. I did expect, now that you have your own happiness secured, you might show somo littlo generosity, somo littlo sympathy ; but I see it is different ; and I will not allow ono who is dearer to mo than all tho world to bo treated with sueh enmity, whilo I am supposed to stand by and accept it as a' natural condition of affairs. I do not ; I havo lmd enougli ; and so hero is an end as between you and mo ; and I hope you will liavo more happiness than you seem to wish for otiier people." Woll, Mrs. Ellison was not used to giving way ; but she was vory fond of this proud and Iinndsomo boy ; and she gave just one sob, and tears gathered in her oyes. "You arc not vory kind, Vin," sho said. And what marvollous tiling was tills that instantaneously smote his heart? Why, Maisrio had made use of this very expression on the preceding afternoon ! And all of a cudden he seemed to rccogniso thai his adversary hero was a woman ; sire wns akin to liis belovod — and therefore to bo treated gontly ; Maisrie's voice and cye3. se)iiTls(l .to bo. pleading for hor. Su t ely t liat was enough? Ho. Iiesitatcil fbr a moment ; then ho said — " Very woll ; lot it bo as you wish. Wo shall sco how wo get on with the one thing that is of moro importance to mo than anything elso shut out from mention. But I must say this to you, aunt — I do not seo I am doing nnything that tho most fastidious person can object to if I put a fow protty things into tho room of the girl who is to he my wife." " How do you know that sho is to bo your wifo, Vin ? " sire said, rather sadly. "I know," he made answer. "My poor boy!" sire said; and thou sho took him by the hand and led him back to tho little tablo at which thoy lmd been sitting; and thero they hnd somo further conversation about more or less indifferent tilings, with tire one nil important subject carefully avoided. And tlion it was timo for them to go away and dress for dinner. Lord Musselburgh (lined with thom that oven ing, and remained some time after tho othor guests hnd gone. To Vincont it seemed a puzzling tiling that two betrothed people should make so merry. Tlrey appeared so woll content witli thoir presont estate ; they were so assured ns to the future ; no anxieties ; no conflicting hopes and fears ; they woro in tho happiest mood. Next morning,- too, Lord Mussolburgh again mado his appearance ; and tire threo of them went out for a stroll along the promenade. All the world was shining fair and clear ; Mrs. Ellison was looking her host, and seemod to know it ; her fianco was in a gay humor. 3Y hy, .they woro almost like the "lover and his lass " of whom Thomas Morley sang nigh 300 years pgo — those "pretty countryfolks" who lived in a perpetual spring time, with birds singing hoy- ding-a-ding-a-ding to them through all the jocund hours. Tho tall and elegant young widow blushed aud laughed liko a maid ; her eyes were sarcastic, playful, amused, according to her varying mood ; the Sunlight touched hor protty brown hair. There was, indeed, a sort of audacity of comeliness about her that set Vinoent thinking of a very different kind of boauty — tire beauty that seems to bo dowered with a divino and angclio sadness. He was walking witli tlioso two ; but bo did not take part in their frolio talk ; nor did he pay muoh attention to the crowd of people, the butterflies of fashion, who had como out into the pleasant sunshine. He soemod to see before him a faoo that, witli all its youth, and its touch of color and its grace of outline, was strangely pensive and wistful: And again ho asked himself, as many a time he had asked himself, what that expression meant ; whether it lmd boon brought there by oxperionco of tho many vicissitudes of lifo, or by lonelinoss, or whether it wns not something moro tragio still— tho shadow of an impending fate. There was moro than that lio could not understand ; her curious resignation, hor hopoiossncss as to tire futuro, her wisli to get away. And what was it sho had concealed from him? And why had sho declared she could not evor bo ills wife ? " Yoiare very silent, Vin," his fair neighbor said, turning hor merry oyes towards him at last. " Hero is Lord Musselburgh declaring that if ho wore a Jew he would turn dentist to havo it out with the Christians for what tlrey did ill the Middle Ages. A horrid revenge, wouldn't it be ?— and so mean— under pretenoo of afford ing relief. Oil, look at that girl over thore — I do boliove tho ruff is coming back— wo shall all bo Elizabethans by and by. " "But .what business had women ever with ruffs ?" Lord Musselburgh interposed, " Why, when the dandio3 and bucks of Henry VIII. 's timo began to mako tliomselves splendid by pulling themsolves out round the nook, of course it was in imitation of tire stag — as tho stag becomes when ho is supposed to aaptivatc tire fancy of the hinds ; but you don't find tho hinds with any similar adornments. Such things are proper to males; why should womon try to look magnificent round tho back of the nook ? Why should a lion covet a cock's comb ? It's all wrong — its against natural laws. " "Natural laws in a milliner's shop !"slio said. "Oil, do look at those two Italian girls; what English peasant girl, could chooso color liko that? I should like to speak to them— for a moment." Lord Musselburgh did not seem inclined to interfere. "I dare say they may havo been long enough in England," said he, "to have picked up a littlo of the Italian that English iadie3 speak. You may try thorn." "In any oaso tlrey can only laugh at mo— and then they'll show their protty tooth." But she refrained ; for at this moment one of the girls begnn to play a fow bars of Funiculi- funic ula evidently as an introduction to tho singing of hor companion ; whereupon Lord Musselburgh proposed that Mrs. Ellison should cross over to look at the windows of one or two jowollors' shops— in whioh both of tlicrn happened to be much interested just at this time. Tho morning went by, and Vincent had caught no glimpso of Maisrio Betliunc or lrer grand- father ; but indeed lie lind not expected that ; the old mail would be busy witli liis books, and it was not likoly that Maisrio would como wan dering by herself through tiiis fashionable throng. When at last tho three friends got back to Brunswick-terrace, it wns oloso on 'luncheon' time ; though here- Mra., J-iUison was. muoh suprisod-to learn.- thnt Lord Musselburgh hnd ongngod Vincent' to lunch with him at tho Bedford Hotol. "What's the matter ?" said she. "Business or billiards ?" "Neither," lrer Jianci mndo answer, "I only wanted to give yon a little holiday for nn hour or two. " "Not longer, then," sho snid, "For lain going out driving at 3, and I slinll oxpoot you both." Soon tho two young men wore seated at a littlo window table in tho spacious and cheerful ooifeo room; and again Vinocnt was struck hy the eminently prnotioal mannor in whioh his com panion spoke of his forthcoming mnrriago. It was going to be, lie frankly intimated, a very useful arrangement for botli Mrs. Ellison and himsolf ; and their combined fortunes would enalitc tliem to do what hitherto liad boon im possible for cither of them. Sirs. Ellison was fond of society ; he had always looked forward to tho formation of a political scion when once he got married ; and now ire thought ire eould afford to have a muoh bigger house, which would bo necessary for that purpose, than his presont one in Ticcadilly. His place nt Mcndovcr had not been properly looked after of late ; thero would have to be somo expenditure there ; tho chief rocoption rooms wonted a thorough overhauling ; pnd a wife's supervision would supplement tho advice of a professional dcoorntor. Then there wore speculations as to whothcr he, Mnssclhurgh, ought to accept office— some subsidiary office, of course, as befitting liis years — when his pnrty'cnmo into power again. You see, Viu Harris wqs being consulted now as if ho were a friend of ,tliQ family. But as for Vincent's own affairs — not a ' word. Lord Mussolburgh had received a hint, and lie wns discration itself. And yet if ever in his life the younger of thoso two friends had need of a confidant, it wns that afternoon ; for something had happened thnt soomod to strike at the very roots of his being. When it was about timo for them to go along to keep their appointment with Mrs. Ellison, Vincent was standing in the hall of tho hotel, waiting for Lord Musselburgh, who had gono upstairs to his room; and he was idly looking out upon the passing crowd. Idly nnd absently ; there was no ono thoro to interest him ; very different it would bo (lie was saying to himself) towards 6 or 7 o'clock, when porhaps Maisrio and her grandfather would como out for a stroll before going to dine at one of tire restaurants. At present he had 110 sort of eoneoni with ail tlioso pooplo who wont driving and walking past in the dull sunsliino of this wintry afternoon. It wns a pretty strew ; and that was all. But of a sudden liis heart Htood still ; and liis startled vision beheld what seemed inercd- iblc, and yet was there, and actual, and beyond any doubt. Ere he was aware, a vchiclo had driven by — a tall dog oart, witli two figures in front and ono behind ; but another glanco revealed to him that the ono behind was old George Bothunc. Who conid mistake at any distance tho powerful and striking head,' tho shaggy eyebrows, the flowing white hair? And tho two in front? Olio waB a young man, to Vincent unknown ; tile other— a terriblo misgiving told liirn thnt was Mnisrie, though tlioy woro now somo way off. What did it nil mean ? Ho had never heard of their knowing anyone in Brighton. They hnd enme down for seclusion, for work ; yot hero tlrey were in (ho midst of the fashion able crowd ; nnd a young man — a stranger — was making ostentatious displays of liis acquaintanco witli them. A thousand wild surmises, tire off spring of a very madness of jealousy, sprang into his brain. Why had tho old man bo clearly intimated to him that he was not wanted — that thoy wished to go to Brighton by tliomselves ? And who was this porson wire was malting Huoh opon parade of liis intimacy with thom ? Alas ! tlioro was no answer to thoso burning nnd bo- wildering quostions ; and ho stood there breath less, alarmed, yet not daring to ask tho cause of his alarm. Lord Musselburgh camo along tho hall. "Sorry to have kopt you waiting, Vin " "Oil, don't mind that," tho young man said, striving to conceal his agitation. "The foot is — I — I don't think I will go driving this after noon : will you make my excuses to my aunt ?" "What's tho matter?" said Mussolburgh, regarding iiim. " You look as if you had aeon a ghost or a creditor : what is it, man?" "Never mind— licvor mini— it is nothing," Vin said, hastily. "I will see you later on. Will yon make my excuses— thanks !" Tho hall porter swung the door open ; and bo- fore his astonished companion could remonstrate ho hod passed out and down tire stone steps. Ho crossed over, to lose himsolf in the throng on the opposite promenade. The dog cart would be coming by again : he would seo who this now friend was. Gould he not bide somewhere? — he felt liko a spy, liko a traitor, witli all tlioso dire imaginings surging through liis brain. And sudden wrath, too ; lio would demand to know by what right any stranger was allowed to mako Maisrio Bothuno so conspiouous. Wiiy, it wns too public ! — it wns a boost ; and hardly decent, either ; ought not respect for age nnd white hair to havo placed the old mon in front, instead of inviting all tho world to witness tho flattering of a young girl ? And as for Maisrio — well, evon in liis wildest and blaokcBt surmises he could think no serious harm of Maisrie ;'but she was too yielding ; sho was too generous with her favors ; she ought to mako distinctions ; she ought not to permit tiiis groat, idlo crowd to draw false conclusions. It was ill done of her — behind his back ; had sho sosoon forgotten that he had pledged liis life to her not so vory many hours ago ? By-aud-byo ho knew rather than saw that thoy woro returning. Ho wns on tho seaward side of the road ; thero were a good many peuple passing to and fro ; moreover, ho was partly conooaled by an opon fly that stood close to tho railings. The tall dog cart camo swiftly along ; in unprejudiced spectator would have said that tho young man who was driving was rathor a good- looking young fellow, of tire pink and white typo, with a small yellow moustache carefully waxed at the ends, and clear grey oyes. Ho woro a buff colored coat, with a velvet collar of similar hue ; ire had a flowor in liis button hole. Then, again, liis turn-out was faultless — a neatly appointed oart — a beautiful, highstepping roan. AU this was visible ot a glance. But it was on Maisrio Bethuno that Vincent's gaze was bont ; and as sho draw near, his heart wns smitten nt once with remorse and with gratitude. Had he expected, then, that she would bo smirking and smiling and coquetting with this new acquaintance ? On tho contrary, Mairie sat tlioro grovo and silont and reserved ; hor eyes wero neither observant nor conscious ; onco or twice tlrey woro turned towards tire sea. To Vincont alio seemed so distinguished looking, so refined, and noble, and self-possessed, as con trasted witli that fresh complexioncd country clown who had the monstrous audaoity to claim hor as liis oompanion. Then, as tho dog cart wont by, lio caught sight of Georgo Betliane. Ho was sitting rather sideways, to permit of his addressing an occasional remark to the young gentleman who was driving ; no doubt that was why Maisrie was allowed to remain silont. Perhaps she was thinking— of someone wh6m Bho thought to be far awny ? Strangely enough, ns soon as tlrey had disap peared from view, his doubts aud imaginings grow blaok again. For a momont, that vision of Mnisrio's sweet face bad oharmcd him out of himsolf ; but now tlicso hideous questions rushed back upon him, demanding an answer whore thero was no answer. Ho did not attempt to reason himsolf out of this paroxysm of jealousy ; that would have been useless ; ho could but submit to this gnawing torture of anxiety and uspense, whilo walking up and down, and waiting, nnd fearing to find them coming within sight onco more. Tlrey did not return. Shortly after 4 the dusk begnn to fall; by 5.30 blaok night had enveloped sky and sea, and tire town was all ablaze with goldon stars. Thero woro hardly any carriages now ; tire pooplo had betaken themsolves to the other sido of the road, to look in at tho glaring shop windows on thoir way homo. Vincent found himself more alono than ovor ; and knew not what to do or which wny to turn. In his presont frame of mind ho dared not go near tire houso in Brunswiok- torraee ; ho could not submit to cross- examining oyes. It would drive him mad to talk, while thoso rankling conjectures woro busy at his heart. I-Ie wanted to sec Maisrio again-; and yet dreaded to soe hor, lost lio should find hor once moro in tire society of thnt man. But about 6.30 liis aimless perambulations of tho street bocame circumscribed. Ho draw noaror to tho neighborhood of tho restaurants. If old Goorge Bethuno had brought his London habits down with him, ns ninny peoplo did, .would not ho soon make liis appearance, along with his granddaughter ! Horn in East-streot, for oxample, wore cafes, both French and Italian, whore thoy could liavo a foreign dinner if they ohosc. Would ho venture to address tbom ? W ould lie confess lie liad seen them driving— in the hope tlrey might volunteer infor mation for which lie dared not ask? He could not toll; his brain was in a bewilder ment of anxioty and unreasoning misery ; mid tiiis grow worse, indeed, as tire slow minutes went by, and thoro was no sign of the two figures for whom he was so eagerly watching. And then a sickening thought ocourrcd to him. What if those two had been invited to dine at a hotel by tho country clod — by tho young man from the plough— by tire rustio dandy with the velvet collar ? At the Old Ship, most likely— a private room — a profusion of flowers — plenty of champsgno— Ilodgc junior gay and festive. Cigarettes between tire courses — Arry having learnt so much' from the cheap society journals : and will not Miss Bethuno bo persuaded to join ? All, woll, per haps after dinner, when the liqueurs como to bo handed round. There is a piano in tire room : will Miss Bethuno oblige with an accompani ment ?— here is a smart littlo thing — " Kiss mo on tho sly, Johnnie 1" tho latest draw at the muBlo halls ..... Loven by tho big clook over tho stationer's shop; and still no sign of them, Clearly they were not coining to nny restaurant hereabouts. So at longtli he left East-street, and went down to the King's-road, and wandered slowly along, glancing furtively into tills or that hotel— especially where somo ooffee-room window hap pened to have beep left with the Wind up, It was a vain quest, and he was awore of it ; something, ho knew not what, drew him on. And meantime his miud was busy with pictures -01 — ot a private room, and flowers, and thros :!? figures seated at table. Ach well / mem Liefa - chcn war die Jlraut! ' At 7.45 Lord Musselburgh was shown inte Mrs. Ellison's drawingroom. " Havn't you soon anything of Vin? 'she - said, with astonished oyes. " No — nor you ?" "Nothing at all— and now ho won't have timo to dress for dinner." " I shouldn't woudor if ho did not turn up for dinner," Musselburgh said. " Somothing very peculiar happened to him to-day — I could not precisely gather what — but ho was obviously upHct. " "Yes," said Mrs. Ellison, and her faco was graver than its wont. ".Somothing lias indeed happened to Iiim to-day — though ho himself is not aware of it as yot." She went to a little cabinet, and took from it two letters. " I thought yon ought to sco both of these," said sire. " Ono is from my brother-in-law ; I got it just a minute or two after you left. The other is my answer ; I will have it posted as soon as you have road it." He took tho first letter, which was from Vin cent's fathor, and read it carefully through, without a word of comment. Then ho took tiio other, whioh ran as follows : — "Doar Harland, "It is very terrible; but I half suspected as much ; and terrible as it is there is nothing to ho done but to toll Vin tho whole truth, and at onco. Telegraph for liiin to-morrow morning — on business of importance; if ho wants to como down again, I siiaii no reuuy with such consola tion as I can tiiink of. I fancy from one or two things that tlioso pooplo are here in Brighton just now : all tire more reason why you should summon him home at onco. I'oor boy, it will lie a sad awakening. But he is young; ho will get over it; a perhaps be none the worso in the end for this cruel experience of the deceit and wickednoss of tho world. Let me know how ho takes it. "Yours affectionately, "Madge." No, Vincent did not como in to dinner that evening. He was still walking up and down tho King's-road, glancing now and again, but with a sort of hopciossncss, at any littlo group of peoplo that might appear at the hall door of this or that hotel ; and all tho whilo thero was a fire eating at his hoart. ( 2'o be continued. ) 