The Extinct Ta'smaniaris. . (London Daily News.) The gravel bods of England, for example , near the Thames and the Exe, often contain the rudeBt known atone implements. They ' are roughly trimmed and. pointed by chip* ping off flakes, never by grinding, and it is ?nrnbnble i that thev were used unhefted by their' owners, and, like the Hammer gof Thor, without a handle. These weapons are' culled Palroolithic, to distinguish them from the daintier polished atone imple ments and exquisitely shaped arrow heads of stone, which are called Neolithic. They are of incalcuable antiquity, and it is natural to wonder what kind of life the men Jed who manufactured them. These artisani were, at all events, very human. You can cut as well, or. better, with any casual bit of '/edged J flint ,; as ', with.i [ ;.!the . ; o'd implements on which some amount of artistic thought hag been bestowed. ? Man, in fact, wbb bent on perfection and improvement, even , when he dwelt in England with extinct beasts and birds. How he lived we can now partly conjec ture. Mr Ling Roth has gathered into a volume all that is known about the' very last people who 'tooled' with rudely chipped flints, and who have been destroyed by EngliBh rifles, blankets, and alcohol. Of course we cannot conclude that because two sets of'men' in England many thousand years ago, and in Tasmania^ yesterday, were on the same level of culture' in weapons', therefore their ways and ideas were similar throughout. Possibly our own predecessor's, so ill-equipped for the .struggles of life, may have .belonged to a 1 ' white race, with' dll'ita' super ior 'endurance, and ? intelligence, , or rcapacity ? of becoming intelligent. ' It1 is only 'certain that, in such respects as their relics testify to, the in habitants of. Britain wore not -more civi lised than the black Tasinanians. These tribes were discovered in -1642 by Abel Jansen Tasman. The country was.next visited in 1772 by Marion du Ffosne, ,a French .. sailor,, and. in 1777-., by Captain Cook. ' Baudin ? landed ? -there -? in 1802, and in; 1803. an: English' settlement was formed, and, of course, shooting began. Our people killed a friendly, or seemingly fripndly, party of blacks, meu, women, and children. In ': 1818, the 'black's- nearly evicted the whites ; by 1835 the wretched remnant of Palteolithic men surrendered.' In 1876, when; Truganina died,' the r'epre-' sentatives of the earliest' known humanity ceased to exist. The Tasnianians were not beautiful in European eyes, though a French' naturalist1 mentions a' pretty, nirfc who kindly blackene'd the face's of his party, by wa.y of raising them to her own standard of the becoming. _ They were naked, except for 'a : kangaroo . skin ' in cold weather. ? They ' made ' a( kind * of hut, better than the Australians of the continent do, and their sepulchres, were sometimes -very curiously erected. They were swift over a short distance of ground, but had no endurance. .Like the Australians, they were : wonderfully skilled trackers, and could tell any man: by -his footsteps. Unlike the Veddahs of Ceylon, 'they were fond of laughter and buffoonery. .Some were curious about European no vel- -ties, others were indifferent. M. Ja Bil lardifere . (1792) behaved very kindly to, them, and found them .most friendly i and helpful. They even presented the French . with their ornaments of1 pierced shells. One young ' lady : was offered ' a ' pair : of ? trousers and shown how-to wear them, -which she did with grace. The men almost at once learned to use Euro ; ipeari .axes' and saws.; ' One of .them' made experiments of a painful ' nature on. ' !, his own -body with a burding- glass, which ' he had seen used to : light:, a fire.: They ?were astonished at finding the French, white all over.' M.'Peron talks of 'the ?sweet confidence which the natives had in ?us, the affectionate proofs of goodwill which they lavished on us, the frankness of. their manner, and the touching ingenuous- ? ness of their caresses.' They were not cannibals, it seems, but we have 'eaten ?them up.' One settler kept the ears: of all the blacks he shot as trophies in -?? pickle -tub. A soldier pitched a black baby with his bayonet into a fire. Yet we have never forgiven the Spaniards in the West Indian Islands. The truth is; that, even with the early French explorer, misunderstandings -arose, ' A Frenchman was asked by the natives to light a fire they had piled up. He did so, and did not '-understand that this was the native way of ?asking you to tread on the tails of their. ? coats. They at once began to throw their long- pointed wooden spears, and to whack with their short heavy clubs, or waddies. Europeans never knew where to have them ? easily fell into panics, fired, and made all the blackB enemies of all the whites by the .act. Convicts, too, behaved as they might be expected to do. There were quarrels about women. The' natives- were evicted from their hunting grounds, ? . .and speared the ? sheep and cattle ?which * bad . superseded them. They .attacked isolated houses, they mutilated the slain, and. this'-' is a deed which Euro v peans never forgive. Women who had lived with whites became barren when they returned to their tribes. The occasional , habit of wearing blankets gave the natives 'deadly, chills. So they perished utterly, victims of the ignorance and ferocity of rud?, or even criminal, early settlers. It is an;old story, and something very much \- like it iB being told in Queensland to-rday, :if we may believe many accounts. In family matters this lost people were polygamous, old men having more than ?their due share of .wives. Unlike what we are,told about '. the primitive prer -dominance of women — the ' matriarchate' ? these Taamaniana. made their wives do ;all the work of ' fishing , and1 cooking. Woman was a slave; but a woman led the remnants of the tiibes in their last war. ?The chief, if chief there existed, waB ap parently : the jStrorig !man 'with .' the bad temper. ; 'In this respect society has usually been rather Tasmanian. As to- fire, they lititeither by sparks from- flint or by rubbing one)1 stick on another — the most prevalent ancient practice. ,They, also carried lighted fuel about. It is curious how inexpert the Greeks always were at fire lighting. Not only in Homer does a man in a lonely houBe keep a smouldering brand, that he may not have to walk to the nearest nighbour for a. light, but in ' Daphnis and Chloe,' 400 years after out 'era, the hero wanders far in search of a fire. Apparently, he could not strike or rub a light for himself. Aa to food, they ate enormously when there was anything ?;to eat. A native woman ate ' more, than 50 eggs the size, of a duck's egg. A- baby of eight mouths tucked, in .a 'whole kangaroo ? rat, and- topped- up., with 'a .crawfish. Twelve pounds! of meat: .'and ; a ' gallon of train oil was an ? adult's dinner. They had no sort of ? agri culture, but were fond of vegetables and roasted fern rootB. They banted the. kangaroo : by the Scotch method' of the! 'Tincel'— ? .. . . ? , ''*; '' We'll quell the savage mountaineer .. Aa tboir tincel quells the game ;;..'.- They eome as fleet as f urest deer, . We'll drire them backas tame. They drove the wild beasts into a narrow Bpacoand then, clubbed .them. Their manufactures were string basket work, and the flaking of flints. The Australians, more advanced, grind their- stone weapons to an' edge, leaving the rest of the stone in its natural condition. , About Tasmanian. religion accounts differ. They seem to have recognised a- good .Bpirit of the day. and an evil oneof the nigh' t, and to have; been qualified as members of the Psychical, Society by, seeing ghosts'. .Probably they' would .never, have, .improved much.j for 'nature' gave them necessaries, and' they:' were highly ^disinclined to work.. '?Their expression is fearful and wild whenj roused, reBtleBS and treacherous when in; doubt,' and, when laughing, of a made and; almost convulsive gaiety. Among the. aged; the expression is sorrowful, hard, and gloomy,' Bays Peron. The Tasmanians, in; fact, ; like Goldsmith's Ned Purdon — Led suoh a terrible life in this world, : , We don't think they'll wUh to oomo back/ But this experience is' not peculiar to savages. They had sport, and lived in the. open-air.-. . . -. : ;? 