A Römance of Foreign; Missions. , [Published b^lieiiuçat.]? o Uh <;> BY TUE REV. JOSEPH PAUKIÜK, D.D. " Uno Simon, ii tumid'."-Ants x.,- l>. You know that iiroachoi's are fanatics. Lol hie speak to that ,point,: for ;.I; too,; aili i preacher. We ure not preachers becauso wi ure incapables, 'If some'of'us hud .been seiil to school carly cmoiigTi wo iriight iii most lui Ve got a Hying us-clerks. There aro spine ministers * who,'" if tiley hud boen tiitighii '*- tc rend and write, might hnvo niiule uvon soliei tors- writers to the signet, whatever-thal muy mean. We are not preachers because wo have had no other .choice; or"because- wo ure foold. We linye. quite other reasons foi being preachers. But let us go to a mun win. was; tiorfuhatie, His\iiumo shall be Charles Darwin, ii man of whom líllcivilisud mea arc proud, and for whom they thunk ,(Jpd t moiiiimeiit of - patience,'- industry,.: ihipurtrii] criticism, inexorable persistence'in the line lu bolievns to be right. J. will have no dis .honor oust without protesten that'illustrious numo ? Some long time ugo, let us sa) routidly- hiilf a century ugo, ho inacle a circiiil of tho world in H.M.S. Bungle. He says'ii hit) own writing (heur this uud bu converted I and' leave tho house .Christians 1) . That hu called at one. plaee, .Turra ciel, Fuego,: und thero he seems to have lost humanity.. There wore men, women, and children there, tilt like of whom"lie"hud.never'seen. It seems ¡is if, whatever their origin, might he, thoj were going', hack to ull hut utter benstinlily. Ile left tho pliicu in honor. - Ile wrote about it that tho ease was irremediable. Ho. spoke bf it in tho strongest terms svhich a ; philoso plier oivnmii of science muy use. The Britisli Admiralty warned its ships not tb /go neut that coast. / Let us have ii o shtinling." I bimi you bit your oath to reason mid to be fair, Bo decent, be just.'.'"'Thé pliieé 'was'left to rot, Let that stund alone. ' j Lot us; gb down to. tho city of Bristol. Here , is a constable, who .picks up a , little; bu uti lb. Beíliólcj ! it is a chilli, a foundling, left, betvyeeii two bridges, without, a name, without:, fathov, motlier, .relation .'that could hu identified. And because tholittlo thing was found between two. bridges.he was culled ,'I Bridges," and because he was found on St. Thomas' Duy ho wus culled "Thomas'.' Thomas Bridges, and there ho was, anybody's child, ' '" ' ."1 .'..,.'.' .;.''. ' .:" " Oiily a piiiipór whoin.nobody owns." Koop -your eye: upon .him. Lotj us have no laughing now. This is God's Jioime, und this is God's altar... There he is, poof, little Thomas Bridges. Ho is trained us Britain "trains lier*"p^tupei's, lûîd ii*''shocking sh'uiiiûflil ?way in uuiiiy. cases it is !. Ho^s (nought'up ..from. diiy. to day, und .by- ànd-by .hp says '* I love Christ. I want to be a missionary.. .. I wuut to go'whbi'e nobody else will'go." .Dear child l;.;,That,:Which is -born,in liiin is born of tho Holy G.host. ., Tho, .Holy Thing that is being conceived ' in his'miiid'uncl lieart is tho child of the Highest. There' ure the miracu lous conceptions;about whose authenticity we have no doubt ! Ho must go. Arrangements worn 'made, ' and. he ' wiis : sent', to Terra del Fuego, shunned by Darwin and tho British Admiralty'ns'pest- house would bo shunned. ..What, is ^tliis^lotter^"Jt.Js ,ai:lette.r from Torra del Feugo., .T)io writer signs it " Thomas JJridges." . What is his rcporL? It is that " The wiiblerness'iH blossoming like the rose." Is that, so? It is a fact. VVo aro not cleal iag with theories;¡pr dreams..of poisons of ir. Üaiued iiniiginations, but 'with simple''facts. " Meni"'2 8aid;'Tlidmiisi'iBridges, "are begin1' .liing to pray,, to feel that religious womler 'wliicir'is fiotfii'r'fi'bin religious'-worship. They are .asking, for clothes, for, . houses, for tho ways of civilisation. They are beginning to inuke moral distinctions. They are rising." , And,,when.(the^reppr.t was sont to Charles Darwinj ", what said he,?. Ho ,'sent ri'dbnatibn of £5' to'the'Chiircii' Missionary Society,1 ex pressing his utter amazement that such' a . (ruiru(clp, cqidd bp .1wipiig|jt.1(>,.Hpnoi'to whom, heinor is due. " Who diet this 1 Ho'who stint, t jPçter to . the ,house of (iSimon, -tljo,. ^tanner,' ' wliicii'is. by iihd;.sbasid.e. Who'"did 'this 7-HHo .who','brought i-tlio Roman ¡lord .-aiul'ipiebeiiVri 1 slave:tbgetlier:ih holy communion. I'Wbb "did ' 'tliÍ8:Í'''"Hb'' 'who' was1 murmurad "hgiiihst bo ciiiise (He, hud gone to be^ guest'.with a mun t'llafwas'ii*sibriei\,v'Aí'íf i\vo"¿díngv'ib''let Him remain unpraise, unblessed, unorowned 1 Are we to bo dumb dogs when His nunn- ÍH, mentioned us iE we lind nover heard it before?' Orare wo to recall the ancient enthusiasm 'of' the church, and give ours'»lvesi.tip saying, " God forbid that I should glory save in the cross of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ/"' You,, young mon, I wonder you can sit still whilst there is ono mun lost. You will not blush when your Master's name is mentioned/ will you ? Ask others to instance works like these, corroborated beyond all dispute, and if they can we should duly consider their import' and vnluo. I am not bound to any book or' to uny man, be the book calledBible ".'or!; tho man culled " Christ." . I will relinquish* the Bible the moment yon can supply, a | better., ..That is all I am waiting for. I .will relinquish Christ when you cnn pi od lice''à man who has done more for the. world, i who bas more perfectly revealed the Father, who' has more completely ' interpreted the' need and function of sacrifice. I feel that wo are standing upon a rock. This is the revolution to which we are all committed'.' This would bring'to'ii'beauteous- reconcilia tion all controversies, between capital and' labour/ ' This would settle 'the grave social .problems of tho day. This would rebuke human pride and vanity, mid make men séè in a man a brother. This would bring' about " The parliament of man, tho Federation of '.".'r v'.'? .-. ,' , ' -.' tho. world;", \ !,;?.' V " '\> and nothing else will', ever do 'it." Wo have lost enthusiasm and passion ; wo are afraid now. of being sensational. We say about a mun who mumbles his words so that nobody can hoar him, that " there is nothing sensa tional about him," which is perfectly true. There is nothing sensational about a paving stone'!' But there seems to bo something sensational about theso leaping, vibrant,: throbbing stars'tlmt are all in ti tremble of joy. Thur» is nothing sensational in death, there muy bo in the mystery of lifo. Wo are cursed hy respectability. Sydney Smith said: thu church was . dying , of; dignity. ; ; Aro we. not ull'dying of passiohlesshoss. - ' How flip pant our talk ! How superficial our relation ships. How sensitivo our vanity. Have wo not quenched thc Holy Ghost? Whore ¡aro. those alliances that ure ^forged, ¡iv tho fur nace of Divine love tiióse, unions that cannot lit) dissol ved ? :\Vhafc if to- night wo say, "Tho preacher vis right in tho main purpose and ''substance 'of Iiis appeal." This is tho acceptor! time. ''Lot us rise as one mun and suy, " We ure for the Christ who makes men brothers by making them sons of God." 