Scientific # Useful. A double-decked electric car, capable of carrying 173 persons, is being experimented with in Pitteburg. It was predicted in a meeting of the Pitts burg Stenographers' Association recently that the phonograph would soon take the place of the stenographer. In Russia the fields are being cultivated by electrical appliances, the gain so far being apparent more in the time saved tban is increase of crops. A 1X4. tan t, K71K lCSTlftd In W.n.sliinrrt*in tvonnflv for a steel fence post. It is to be made of steel tubing, seven feet high, with a neat cap and with bands to hold the barbed wire It is said that these posts can be furnished com plete for pla/riiig in position for 24 cents each. If you have a great deal of writing to do, it is recommended that you should have a number of pencils or penholders of different sizes handy. Frequent change rests the hand and prevents cramps. The cheapening of aluminium has led to A proposition to construct arc lamps of this material as preferable on account of lightness and qualities of resisting rust in comparison with iron, steel, or brass for outdoor use. Sheet-iron is rolled so tiiin at the Pittsburg mills that 12,000 sheets are required to make a single inch in thickness. laght shines as readily through one of these sheets as it does through orcLJnaiy tissue paper. Wood -stone is the name of a new compound material composed of sawdust and calcined magnesia. The mixture, having been well worked up with water is put into moulds and pressed into whatever shape may he desired. A scientific authority says it is incombustible and impermeable to water, is susceptible of a fine polish, and is adaptable to'numerous uses. Inventions are usually so simple that people always wonder that they were not thought of before. A Georgia inventor has contrived an insect trap to rid the cotton and- tobacco fields of moths. It consists simply pf a lamp beneath which is a wide pan' containing oil, Tlifi Tittle creatures at* jLttra^teAhiT^tliP licrltt hit up against it, and down they go into the oil and perish. An invention by which writing can be transferred from paper to iron is the work of a Boston man; who has invented a hard ink with which h e writes (backward) npon ordinary paper. That paper is placed in a mould, melted iron is poured in, and when, && hardened iron is removed it is found that* while the beat turned away the paper, it did not affect the ink, but left the impression of the writing. In machine shops it is a common occurrence that particles of metal penetrate the skin and eyes. Messrs. Frister'and Rrtaqimati have, according to the Rente IndaatridU, constrnctetl a magnet for tie special purpose of extracting such particles. It is horseshoe shaped^ polished, and nickel plated ; the two Imnehea am mnnAeS nfE. and end ~ln a noint uik a frv millimetres thick. Its attraction for iron extends for several millimetxe*. Some years ago the late Sir William Sie mens obtained some interesting results by growing vegetables and fruit under tbe con tinued influence of the electric Ught. In tie botanical department at CorncjFUmversxty some further experiments have- been made in the same direction. The rays of powerful electric lamps were allowed to fall on the plants day and night, and seedlings fairly shot up. Iu a few weeks, they were several times taller than others growing in the natural way. So far as foliage went there, seemed a decided advantage in the Inmfnoy^ forcing, but In the matter of fruit, the plaata which had grown aa nsual wore more pr^fie than those which had been forced. An indicator of the accumulatum. of explosive gases in a room, mine, or ship's hold has been brought out by Horr Eduard Stern, of Cologne. It consists of a noroua vase or cylinder closed by a thin metal membrane, like the chamber of an. aneroid baromoter^ The explosive gases peeetrate the pores of the vessel by a weU-knovn property o£ diffusion, and raise tiiviMaahnutB, thus closing the circuit of an «3cetrie bell, which gives the alarm «&en; there is a anfficiency of gas to cftua» a danger of ex^ plosion. The new oxp)osive ? carbonite * is giving satisfaction to coal miners. At a ' recent mooiUig of the South Wales Institute of Engineers, Mr. W. Stewart stated that within his experience a ton of the mineral had been used without a sign of flame or sparking. It is a stable compound, aj&d; can be stored without deterioration for any length of time. It i& rendered comparatively safe by the fact that a detonator is required to explode it If Struck wfrh a hammer or stone no danger need be apprehended. Carbonite is lighter than tains 25 per cent, of nitro-g^ycerine. Certain sulphuretted hydro-c%rtoons are added to moderate the su-jeptibittty of the nitro glycerine. WhQ invented the saw ? This useful instru ment is lio t a child of yesterday. The ancient Roman? were well acqnain bed with h, and Pliny ascribes its invention to D&dAlns; ; but it has been clearly traced to a much higher antiquity, to the age of the fourth dynasty of Egypt. There is little doubt that tho sam- was invented by a carpenter of Egypt— tl;o mother cf civilisation — tat by whom? What waa the immortal carpenter's name ? Th,crc is not a scrap of writing or pictorial representation to guide in the smter. \n sawing, the Egyptian workmea generally used a large handr&av; ; \hej frequently fixed the wood upright, second by pins in lieu of a vice, or wjth pips, pgsrfng through or below the piece.cf timber itself in order to support the planks as they were cut apart, which is srfll the practice of modern sawyers. Sature states that defective sight, especially among the poor, is increasing in the United States. So is blindness. It seems to be doe to the increa&e; of pnmlent ophthalmia in infancy, and it generally shows itself a fort night after birth. Recent statistics show that one oat of every fire cases of blindness is due to this cause, and that nearly all such cases could have been cured if they had been taken in time. What is worse, particularly in a large family where the children use the same towels, this disease is contagions, and no precautions appear to have been taken to prevent its spreading. The increase of blind ness has of late years been four times as great I as the increase of population. Sir Frederick BramweU, the eminent engineer, recently gave the results of a series of simple'bnt carious calculations showing the numbers of able-bodied men that would be required to propel one of the large modern ships across the ocean by means of oars only. Compare (hesays) a vessel propelled with oars wrjh the modern Atlantic liner, and first assume that prime movers arc non- existent and that the vessel is to be propelled galley fashion. Take her length at some COO feet, and assume that place be found for as many as 400 oars on each side, each one worked by three men orf in all, 2100 men; and allow that six .men under those conditions could develop work equal to one horse-power; we should have then 400 horse-power. Double the number of men and we should have 800 horsepower with 4S00 men at work and at least the same number in reserve if the journey is to be carried on continuously. Contrast the puny result thus obtained with the 19,500 horse-power given forth by a large prime nwver^ of the present day, snch a power eqniring on the above mode of calculation 117,000 men at work and 117,000 mm in reserve ; and these to be carried in a vessel less than 600 feet in length. Even if it were possible to carry this prodigious number of men in such a vessel, by no conceivable means could their power be bo utilised as to impart to it a speed of 20 knots an hour, weighing as it would some 10,500 tons gross. youngest daughter .to him. She was slender and fair as moonlight, and the most graceful of all the sisters. She took a white chip in her mouth, and vanished instantly : this was her accomplishment Bnt the old goblin said he should not like his wife to have such an accomplishment, and thought his boys would i have the same objection. Another danghter ! conld make a figure like herself follow her, as if she had a shadow, which none of the goblin folk ever have. The third was of quite a different sort ; she had learnt in the brew house of the moor witch how to lard elfin puddings with glow-worms. I 'She will make a good housewife,' said] the old Colllin. And Mien ci.Tntm^ ha- «ntf* Iilo I eyes instead of drinking her health ; for he did not drink much. Now came the fourth daughter, with a large harp to play upon ; and when she struck tiie first chord, every one lifted up the left leg (for the goblins are left- legged), and at the second chord they found they must all do just what she wanted. ' That is a dangerous woman,' cried the goblm ; and the two sons walked out of the hni; they had had enough of it. 'And what can the next daughter do!' asked the old goblin. | 'I have learnt everything that is Nor wegian,' said she; 'and that I wfll never marry, nn1na-i I can go to Norway.' Then her younger sister whispered to the old goblin, 'That is only because she has heard, in a Norwegian song, that when the worm snau aecay, tne cuns ot .Norway will remain standing like monuments ; and she wants to get there, that she may be safe ; for she is so afraid of sinking.' 'Ho! ho!' said the old goblin, 'is that what she means ? Wen, what can the seventh and last do ?' 'The sixth comes before the seventh,' said the elf king, for he could reckon ; but the sixth would not come forward. 'I can only tdl'people the trnth,' said she. j A p one cares for me, nor troubles himself about me ; and I liave enough to do to sew my grave-clothes.' So the seventh and last came ; and what could she do? Why she could tell stories, as many as yon liked, ou any subject. I 'Here arc my five fingers,' said the old gooun; -now tell me a story for each of them.' So she took him by the wrist, and helaughed tin he nearly choked ; and when she came to the fourth finger, there was a gold ring on it as if it knew there was to be a betrothal. Then the old goblin said, ' Hold fast what you have: this hand is yours ; forlwillhave you for a wife myself.' ! Then the elfin girl said that the stories I about the ring-finger and little Peterplavman had not yet been told. ' We win hear them in the winter,' said the old goblin, 'and also about the fir and the birch-trees, and the ghost stories, and of the tingling frost. Ton shall teU your tales, for no one over there can do it so well : and we win sit in the stone rooms, where the pine logs are burning, and drink mead out of the golden drinking-horn of the old Norwegian kings. The water-god has given me two; and when we sit there, Nix comes to pay us a visit, and wfll sing yon all the songs of tie mountain shepherdesses. How merry we shall be ! The salmon will be leaping in the waterfalls, and H.-uAJTig against the stone I walls, but he wfll not be able to come in. Itl is indeed very pleasant to live in old Norwav But where are the lads?' I nuerc uiueeu were iney; »vny, running about the fields, and blowing out the wfli-o '- wisps, who so good-naturedly came and brought their torches. 'What tricks hare you been playing*' said the old goblin. 'I have taken a mottier for you, and now yon may take one of your aunts.' Bnt the youngsters said they would rather make a speech and drink to their good fellow ship; they had no wish to marry. Then they made speeches and drank toasts and tipped their glasses, to show that they were empty. Then they took off their coats, and lay down on the table to sleep ; for they made themselves quite at home. Bat the old goblin danced abont the room with his young bride, »nd exchanged boots with her, which is more fashionable than exchanging rings. ' The cock is crowing,' said the old elfin maiden who acted as housekeeper ; ' now we must close the shutters, that the sun may not scorch us.' Then the hill closed up. But the lizards continued to run np and down the riven tree : I and one said to the other, ' Oh, how mnch I was pleased with the old goblin !' 'The boys pleased me better, said the earth-worm. But then the poor miserable creature conld not see. I 