[?] [?] Scene. — A Convent'Jjylthe'^Sea. X£l': '.'' i'x FRANCES. ig .1; fj COME back to you Sister Sorupliine, f'i Hack to those quiet rooms, these lioly walls ; ' ? (It Ml I place my hands your gentle hands between, Here at your feet my bitter sorrow falls,; - So many ..days Ifsat here a8 a child ?: To listen and to learn, so many years Until I came to go into the wild — For such the world is where I weep sad tears; Here I was happy, there I am perplexed ; Here was the shade, but there the burning sun ; ? A voice said ' Learn, I love thee' was its text ; And now, alas ! the lesson is all done. Sister Skuai'iiin'e. And wherefore dono ? What grief seeks here a balm ? Speak low, through ine God listens and be calm. / Frances. I loved him well, but he is gone from me ; I gave him back his ring and I would give Him back his kisses if suoh thing could bo ; Wvpjll: apart while he and I may live ; He\&»«d so proud, so stronsr, no quiet there When I reproached him for his faithlessness ; I bade him go and Uiss her golden hair And leave mcnot the shame of hi* caress ; ? They told me he was false to all his vows, That love of me had fled to her sweet face — He who had kissed mo 011 the lips and blows . And swore I made heaven in my place. Sistkii . Skuai'iiixk. And you believed him false '! FlLANCEI. 1 cannot Jell : ? Tlie thought was bitter 1 spake angrily,: I'ut all the time 1 loved him, ah 1 so well Could lie not swear unlo his loyally ? v' Ho only said 'Do yon believe it then ?' ; 'Was not all plain ? I cried, 'I do believe 'What worth to question further ?' oiice again He said, we parted, at your feet I grieve ; . ? This place is holy, else I could arise And curse them as Hod cursed in l'aradise. ' SlSTER SEHAI'IIINE. ' ? ? . ! , Listen ivy child. T have a tale to tell, A tale that wakens from a buried past ; No sadder ever heard the sad sea-shell That murmurs to tho sands where it is cast ; Doom-deep of lives that lie beneath the foam, It sings to beat of God's great metronome ; Of quiet dead it tells unquiet things, Of Beerets buried from all human eye3, Of lifea last struggles, of tho souls of kings, Of peasant's faith and children's lullabies. Of messages that never roachoil their bourne, Of those that left untimely hearts that mourn. . And here fro 111 out that othor life of mine 1 take a shell and bid it sing to thee ; Mark iiow tlie tale it tells is like to thine As yonder shipB are on the quiet sea ; Por thy sake whom I love 1 read again ?My so long .voiceless sorrow and my pain. I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this convent by the sea, Was once us fair as any who arc fair And loved the world and loved the sun to see ; I laughed tho days away in hope anil pride, There was 110 cloud upon my happy brow ; I am tho ghost of that bright self that diod And life is graver to my vision now ; Love catno to crown 1110, love with Donald came — He was so brave, tlie bravest of thorn all, Fresh-faced, large-limbed, with strength 110 man could tame, And voice clear-fashioned as a battlo-call. It seemed at first that Christ had blessed our love, All was so sweet so full of warmth and light ; 1 did not know a cloud couM hang above, I could not think that love might know a liiL'ht. We wandered by that river in the west Which Hows sometimes through parched and weary plains ; Where e'011 tho song-birds fall from out their nest men's eve's death-smilten when Drought reigns. / When love began the plfiins were full of llowers. The river was o'er arched by living i;reen ; We made a hundred places our lo*'u bowers, (iod's angels guarded and we walked bet ween ; Thus child it seemed to me so glad was I My heart went singing all the sunny day ; There wa4 no sign of what camo by-anl-bye, And t.irned the course of all my hopes away. And so two years had spent of happiness, Of faith in Donald ; like a flaming cross Our love stood out us 111 a wilderness, Above the shifting sands of human loss : The time drew noar when I should place my hand In his and say, 'Hence forth for thou aud I There is one path, one home within the land, One hearth for both till yon or I may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked ? What marvel that I did not stop to hear Tho tales they told of Death that silont stal ked Upon the plains where no rain fell that year ? Selfish was I, I did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by tho empty wells ; These things seemed far off, all I cared to keep Close to me was the sound of wedding-bells : There canic one tale at last that reached iny ears Like the round thunder in the deep ravine And then there fell a rain of angry tears Such as ne'er weeps thp Sister Seraphino. Tears come not now save when another's pain Touches my sight as thine dear child to-day ; But then my nature seemed to melt in rain Of passion and to hear my love away. They told me that another face than mine. Drew liiin from rue, one said she saw him kiss Her hand and after pledge her in his wine — I listened as unto a serpent's hiss. . He had not come to me for many days. The stock lie wrote weic dying and he stayed To, do a thousand duties, but alwavs l ie hold me dearly, who his great joy made. Onco lie had mentioned her, a friend hesnid OMiis dead brother, one his mother kept In dear esteem, they called her Winifra I And sho prized them because ofhim that slept. Now their words burned my heart like iron bars. Was it for her li-j stayed ? — Nay child be still, Listen, the gr.ive speak-; but above aro stars 'J'hat shine into the depths of human will ; Weep and be still — wa-i it for her he stayed 1 ID'en as I. asked it there he rode between ?, TI:e sundal trees whero we our bowers made, Where we had walked love's shining lions between ; , ? . A' moment then boforo me straight lie came With words of pleasure, in his eyes the light Of — love for her'.' I would not speak his name, 1 called him traitor, and his lips Rrow white. 'A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the word That should be used 'tween suoh as we,' he said ; I told him then the talc that I had heard With much mad thought that came into, my head ; I would not listen when he tried to speak, His sad face only made mo angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never meek In those days, and I said 'Go then to her, Give hor the heart caught in the quick rebound, Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose I did not care how' deep I made the wound. Consent he could not, he'could not refuse, For there I loft him, I but heard the word 'Helen' twice spoken, then I saw him ride Into the gleaming evening, and ft bird, Omen of ill, fell at my feet and died ; Then my hearted melted and I kissed the wings That death had broken, for that momont I Had seen my song- bird Lovo that sits and sings In its soft nest o'er true hearts, faint and die. And in (he burning watches of that night Repentance grew; I wished Inm in my sight. 'The morning camo ; a sun of molten red Hose over dying flocks and hopeless men ; Now with mine own great sorrow on my head ' I came to feel for others' griefs again : A day of doom it seemed, there was no wind To stir the ashen pall upon the treo ; It was a day when one would look bubind To count one's sins and tell one's rosary ; All nature seemed upon the outer brink Of circumstance in close comnierco witlt Death ; The gaping land from Heaven had nought to drink, And all life drew but harsh and labored breath ; At last the sun its zenith reached, nnd thon ' The shadows fell to eastward, and my heart : Went .with the sun — would Donald come again 'I 1 seemed to hear the dead bird sing, ' Apart 1' 1 drove him from me, called him a traitor, set llim lower than the meanest of mankind ; 1 kue'w I honored, prayed for, loved him yet, ?And held no thought of doubt within my mind; ? I had been mad, mad with my jealous feats, Mad aB all women are sometimes ; I longed To weep upon his breast xopentant tears, And make atonement where I knew I wronged. Who had not felt tho anguished soul declare Against tho walls that gird existence round 1 Who has not tried to find a higher air, And reach beyond all human sight and sound ? To leave the stifling duties of each day, And let the being swell to Nature's whole ; To strike the bauds of circumstance away, And watch the spirit's currents seek their pole? So I in my deep sorrow longed to be Afar from all things : ere the evening tide, When still the heat rose like a heaving sea From off the ground, my horse was brought to ride ; 1 Folly ' they said. ' to ride in such a sun, Wait for some cooler hour, besides but now . Word had come from tho North that floods begun Would reach us soon — what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on, and I said 'Good friends, enough, I shall ride,' and T set My face towards the North, and let thought spread To all I would remember and forget : Hour upon hour I rode, I did not heed Time pass, Life seemed to waver to and fro ; Now it was strong, now like a broken reed, Now searching for a pathway in tho snow ; Strange thought that in this angry, burning land The inward eye should sweep nn iov plain — T seemed to stand witli Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into tli3 world again ; T cried aloud, '0 Love, where shall we go ?' My answer was a rolling thunder tone — No dream was this for clouds had gathered slow Far up the slcy while T had mused alone 1 The air was heavy as the hand of Sin ; My poor horse trembled in his weakness. T Had ridden far, too far, my breath within Was quivering like the tumult in the sky ; I scanned the plains— a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river bank9 would shelter give Until the morning, whileithe skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve ; — Eain was a word too blest now e'en to sny Without a sign, and so I bent frail knees Upon the threshold of tho lint to pray As would one of^misfortune's refuges. Unon a rude couch then I laid me down, And waited for the awful storm to break ; The whole horizon was one withered frown, And I could hear the battle legions shake Their weapons in the sky to lightning gleam, But still tlie rain fell not and darker grew Tho dust-swept plains : niysenses duller grew, And ere I knew my eyes closed to a dream ; Av. even while the storm hung on the edge Of the steep world my eyelids closed in sleep ; T was so weary — as if Lethe's sedge Were there my resting place, my donjon keep. J dreamed of Donald, dreamed I10 came again And stood beside me, but when I would touch His hand he showed me on it a red stain, And said, 'Lot I have loved thee, dear, too much. ; Of spirit voices all the chaos through ; 'Lost, lost,' they cried amid the tempest's roar ; Ono with h is voice said o'er and o'er my name ; A thousand seemed to ciy, 'No more, no more !' And all their accents were of bitter blame. At last, at last the morning broke, and then Tho storm ceased and the fighting world grew calm ; Tho sun shone out o'er all my pain again — My pain that never more should know a balm. Slowly the waters climbcd about my feet. And myriad thoughts arose of dread and death, The outer bounds of being seemed to meet And cr»sli my spirit to its latest breath j I laughed a little in my agony, The sun laughed bnck in very wantonness ; I cried, Come, Donald, come ! I give to thee My last kiss ere I leave life's wretchedness !' I heard the wild-duel; rushing down the sky, A pelican sat still upon a limb And gazed all day to sea me faint and die, While I prayed to my God and thought of Arm. I did not heed the passing of tho hours — All things seemed timeless, but I saw the sun Creep lo its rest, and then I said, 'Love's bowers, -»,' Donald, are dark, and life and love are done ;' Then I grew still, how long L cannot tell, I waked to hear a voice across the wave Calling my name — that voice I knew so well, That I should hear though laying in my grave : 'Donald ! ah; love !'—I thought his spirit came To pass with mine behind the sunset bars, And we should bo the same—ah, just the same In the lovc'gardens closer to the stars : Nearer the voice came, then I saw his form ; It was no spirit, 'God he thanked 1' I cried; His boat moved slowly, as a ship in storm Breasts the mad wind and struggles with the tide. At Inst beside me drew the boat, and I Fell forward to his arms with one glad word ; He kissed me, saying, ' Love, for thee l die,' And then he fell as fell the stricken bird. Blood ! there was blood upon him — on his hand That in my dream I saw held out to' me ! His neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed in a scarlet sea ; I lifted up his head, X kissed him there, f prayed for one word ere he passed away ; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer, And then he faid, 'I loved you dear alway, There was nona other — it was all untrue, They wronged me, but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that pisreed me seals it too For ever — kiss mo dearest ere I go ;' And so he died ; and all that day his head I held and smoothed his hair upon his hrows ; I could not come to think that he was dead, I told him o'er again my loving vows ; We drifted om, silent through silent space, Like spirits floating on an ether sea,; They found 11s in the morning face to face And took me from him who had died for me. No need to tell how death fell on him, how With a bold swimmer's strokes he fought the tide -- We moet no more, upon the earth 110 more : Far off I shall behold thee,' — then he passed Into the sunset, and I heard the door Of Life close sharply on my hopes at. last. ! 1 cricd out in my helpless agony, ' Donald, 0 Love, come back !' 1 only knew A rush of waters as a mighty sea Swirled round me and — ah! God hut it was true 1 f I walked to find the hut a swaying wreck ; To know that'now the river was aflood, And all the plains wave-washed as is a deck By some vast, sea; that no ship has withstood!: Aud I had slept while all tho land was swept With writhing elements — AH I could I find My horse Nay, he had belter vigil kept, And had fled down the pathway of the wind ; What need to toll of how the current drove The mass to which 1 clung against a tree. And finc'ing refugciu its arms 1 strove To hold my soul in strength for what might be. Ah ! that long night when wind anil rain blew round The darkened world, and my soul drifted top From polo to pole, while I eould hear the' sound - ^ To reach the boat that is his coffin now — How the branch pierced him— close, child, lo my side 1 Let me drop one tear on that ancient grief, It is is all right,. perhaps, God knows the best ; . 'Tis that alone that gave my heart relief ; I keep my place here, and he keeps his rest. I left the world, I built this convent home, Here; I have lived through thirty changeless years ; Here', as-one watches a swift sea in foam, So watch- 1 all poor human strifes and fears; Speak to me, child, is then thy lesson done, Is love to be to thee a setting sun ? Frances. I am gruwn wiser, Sister Seraphinc, To-day I shall send for him and shall make Pardon my plea. Sister Seraphinb Now ^leaven is good; between Me and that life the new life's folds I shake ; They shall riot stir again, none other be So near the dead self that your sweet eyes . see. 