BURNIE. (By Our Special Reporter.) Burnie, if approached by the coast road which connects it with the railway terminus at Ulverstone, is first visible as the coach turns the curve at the base of the round hill ; when the long semi-circular sweep of rock-strewn beach, with, if the wind be from the east, the endless succession of long green foam-crested rollers breaking with monotonous roar amid the boulders, bursts upon the view. Dotted around the bayr ae [bay are] the dwellings of the inhabitants, whilst near the breakwater a somewhat closer grouping of the houses indi- cates that these are the places of business, the commercial part of the township. A stroll through the streets goes to show that the township is well laid out, fairly well cared for as regards the streets, and is prosperous look- ing. There are, however, one or two things that strike a stranger's eye as being a little peculiar. Here and there at the intersections of the streets he comes across little rectangular patches of the forest primeval ; and also here and there between the corners, stacks of charred and blackened chimneys telling mutely but unmistakably of the ravages of the fire fiend, who appears to have here disported himself "frequent [frequently] and free." These two un- desirable features end [tend] to this otherwise very attractive little township, a rather scrofulous aspect. Overlooking the sea, at the extremity of the North Esplanade stands the Church of Eng- land parsonage, amid an uncultivated but rather picturesque looking environment of low scrub. The parsonage is a weatherboard structure with a shingled roof, consists chiefly of gables, and is an attractive distant feature of the landscape. The slaughter-yards, adjacent to this place, ensure to the dwellers in the par- sonage and neighboring cottages an abundant supply of healthy and active flies for the entire summer. Perched upon the hills overlooking the bay are the villas of many of its well-to-do in- habitants. Picturesque, pleasant-looking, and healthy dwellings these, from each of which is obtained a far-reaching view over the town and out to sea. Through the passes between the hills winding r ads [roads] lead out back to the fat corn and potato lands by which the town is surrounded to the snug homestead of the farmers who have made their fortunes, with labor incessant, from out of the heart of the virgin forest. And the hills that look down upon Burnie in many parts now carry as weird mementos out of the dense and gigantic growth of the days that are past, a few gaunt, leafless, and branchless trunks of dead forest trees keeping ghost-like ward over the land that is forest no more. Wilson and Catley streets may be rat d [rated] as the chief thoroughfares of Burnie, although there are many important business places in some of the other thorough- fares, included among t which may be men- tioned five butcher's shops and three black- smith's and wheelwright's establishments. The Church of England i [is] a m derate [moderate] sized gothic building of red brick, with a galvanised iron roof. Chairs take the place of the ordi- nary pew arrangement iu thii place of wor- ' ship, which is c-pa»le of S'at-ng p-rhaim 400 worshippers The out'ook f om tbe -hurch door is like tbat from 'he Town Hall, on ic a vacant corner lot— yet n t al- vacant, for ; much oi mi^cellan^ou* garbage finis there a 1 peaceful rest, hidd-n amid the mttsiy tus sockB of coarse grass by which tbfl block is encumbered, iu addition ~t-' the litter of earthenware draio-pii.es and much hacked stumps with which the lot iu hfmp.Ted, Tl-e asnact of thh oentrallv Situated allotment is not park-like, but it dots remind one of a garden ; it's ao different— some people wou'd call it an eyesore. At the cj-ner of Mount and Catley streets, looking eastward, stands the Town HalL This ia a two-storied build ing of tbe brickbat order of architecture, relieved by a frontal draping ol atuoco and many mouldings, and tbe outlook from the door is on to the aforesaid vacant lot with the much hacked stumpi. New, extensive, and substantial, the Town Hall will probably be found equal to the require nieqte of Burnie for many yeat* to come. The Poet Office is a convenient and con veniently-t-iiuated building upon tbe marine . terrace, and near the corner of Catl*-y.Btre' t ? Miss Jowett, the postmistrs;,, has here dealt j with and di-tributed Her Majesty's mails for I 18 months past, to tbe entire satisfaction of all and sundry whose business requirements have brought them within tbe nort»ls of the offices. At the junction of Catley and Wilson streets are situated the offices of the branoh Bank of Australasia. This is a neat and sub stantial-looking single storied and stucco fronted building. A few yards away, in Wilson- street, is tbe branch omoe ot the Bank of Van Diemen's Land. In tbis street is also situated the extensive store of Me»sra. Stutttrd Bros, and Co. The Mesirs. S'.utterd com menced business at Bumie some 15 years ago, .and their establishment and the trade done there both rank now amongst tbe leadicg concerns of the place. The premists in which tbe Measrs. Slutterd now carry oo their busi ness were built and occupied by them in 1888, tbe new building being ot brick, with a stucco front. Indeed it is nob sain? too far to state tbftt wherever Burnie succeeds in breaking away from weatherboard and paint, it goes with a seal worthy nf a bet er causp, for the stucco- fronted brick box. At the corner of the Marine Par&de; and Catley* street is the Bay View Hotel, the genial hoet of whicb is well und favorably known upon tbe Coast, as is bis oomfortable hostelry, which Iftongii: tiia best of the many well kept | establishment! of its kind upon the Ooast. Adjoining the Bay View Hotel is the exten sive establishment of Mr W. Jones, who is the I uuivenal provider and general agency medium of the place, aod next door is the Commercial Hotel, wbiob, together with Farrell's Kami y Hotel, the Bay view, and tbe old Burnie, kept by Mre Wiseman, ssem to ba fully able to meet the present summer and winter re quirements of tbe place. There are, o! course, toaoy other storm, in addition to the above named ; indeed, Burnie seems to be rather nacked Vfith wdl-sto.kedand prosperous look ing business places, not the least important amongst which may be meptjoned the offices in Catleytstreet of the very creditable local organ, tne )FeUinotqn Times, A Roman vataouu vjmuiuu w. unv* u ju wurw oi tree- I tion, and there are several non- oouformist I places of worship, so tbat tbe spiritual wants I I oi this charming seas-ide Teeort are sufficiently I I catered for, whilst tbe oause of temperance I t U looktd after by a handful of ? workers, and muscular 0hriaHfM,;'i-.vo I fo-tered by the establishment in connec tion with the Wellington d.-tschment of uuxiliariee of a gymnastic club, which meete for practice in the large roqtn of the Town Hall bveiy Wednesday' evininp after the weekly drill is over. In thia large room also Burnie holds^ its pnblic meetings, and has ili occasional high jinks. Here, too, does the s. rolling mur.ufr disport himself for the delectation of the good townsfolk, and not in frequently ficda himself compelled to go to ? xtraordinary lengths in the way of farcical extraysgaooe, in order to counteract the de pressing effect of the nightmare in many colors on which the audienoe are compelled to gase batween the aots. This tired old rag is an exoellent thing in its way— ita way being as a atandicffi or, lather, hanging, wifce«i to tbe long-suffering patience of tbe people of Burnie. At the southern end of the Marine Parade are the terminus and yards of the V.D.L. Gom Kny and the Mount Biechoff railway. The i. dings here are not extensive, aod tbey make no pretence to symmetrical arrange ment or decorative effect, but they seem to meet all present requirements. From the terminus a line of rails laid along the beaoh in front of the Marine Parade leads to THS BftEAKW.-.TKB. This structure is prubably by this tine more or less familiar to most cf our readers ; nevertheless, the important character of tbe work is a sufficient excuse for yet a few more Lrief words of description. The present work hss now reached a length of 530ft from the end of tbe old jetty, the leuglh of which is about threu chains, or 200ft. The width of this extension is25{t sin, and the height at tbe extreme end from the clay bed iu which the divers prepare the foundation, to the surface upon which the rails for the steam crane are laia, is oztt, ana tne aepon oi water i at the lowest fall of spring tides is 28fb, the i tide risir.g from 10 to 12ft. Tbe founda tions being duly prepared, the blocks, 25 ! tons each of cuncrete are lowered into position by means of tho st .-am crane, and also by tbe assistance of this powerful machine, are then accurately placed, on a batter of one in three by the divers. The work is continued in this I manner until low-water mark is reached, when I a timber casing is erected above the blocks, ' and then filled in wi tbfwet concrete which is con tinuously rammed until the^ wot k is level with j I the surface, when the casing is removed, and tbe 1 process of depositing blocks resumed. The contents of each casing form when dry, a block of about 2G0 tons weight, tbe coacrtte of which it, aa well as the foundation block, is com posed, being formed of a mixture of six parts of metal to three of sand and one of cement, with as much water ?as is necessary for perfect mixing and bending. Tbe blocks are moulded in enormouB W- odon boxes, made to screw together as required, the iuecai oi wnicn tuey are cnu ny compusea being obtained from a quarry iminediatoly adjneent to the work'. The sUara crane, which iB finch an important factor in the c in duct nf this work, is a splendid piece of machi nery by Mes«rB. Ransom and Rapier, weighing 95 tone, and having a radius of 38ft and a guage of 1G The work is already of infiuite service to the port, bjt to obtain the greatest pot-sible beneht from it, tbe breakwater re- ! | quires, in the opinion of competent judges, to } i be extended some considerable distance i j further. The further extension of the work is ! I to have a width of 27ft Bin, that is 2ft wider - I than the present completed length. | I All things considered, Burnie, with its | excellent situation, beautiful surroundings, good barbor, and fertile back country, has a grand future before it, and should ere long become well and favorably known, and be very fashionable both here^nd on the mainland as a health and pleasure rt- sort. 