THE PIANO PROBLEM. TBy Alleoko.1 " If ovor I write a dictionary," said an old bachelor, "I shall define tho piano as an instrument of torture." Who will deny that this sentiment, though seldom so stiontrlv cxnrcssed. is almost universal. And yet tiie sale of pianos goes on increasing, and people in the most straitened circumstances strain every nervo to procure oue, as if its possession were tho Bunuiiit of human felicity. Whene'er I take my walks abroad how many pianos I hear, and, alas 1 how few, how seldom ono, well played. Must our ears he forever irritated hy the eternal turn, turn, whose discords aro only matched by its hail time. Is tliore never to he any system of inspection which can stop this annoyance 1 " An Englishman's houso is his castle," but what castle can bo strong enough to 'exclude the sound of one's neighbor's pinnoB. Amiil tho busy thrnng of men, and in the bustio of activo duties the enemy may be kopt nt hay, hut iu tho quiet of the early morning, in tho still hours of night, or, worse still, during the weary days of sickness, we are at its mercy. How often liavo 1 wondered that the ghosts resting places to protest against the injustice that wus being done them. Let us hope tiiat a merciful Providence lias spared them the ordeal of hearing it. Now what is the cause of this anguish 7 Is not music meant to be a com fort to mankind, and not a bore? Most certainly it is. "But," says materfamilias, " children must learn, and you cannot expect thorn to become perfect all at once." Cer tainly not ; but there is no reason why the most inexporienced person should over play a faiso uoto ; and , if no false , notes wero played what a different thing would life he. The evil has many roots, but the main ono is bad teaching. Middle class und even poor peoplo will have their girls at least taught the piano, and as they cannot afford to get good teachers they employ "at low terms persons quite unqualified to teach, and who are blisstully ignorant of thoir own deficien cies. " Kate Brown has only been learning music for 12 months, and now she is able to teach," is a speech wo not uuirequently hear, so we marvel not that our ears are tortured by discords. There is, perhaps, no subject upon which there are more popular delusions than that of learning the piano. A teacher of the Katie Brown stamp is generally considered good enough for the first three years, and then the pupil may bo handed over to a hotter teacher, who, if conscientious, has. to try to get him or her out of all the bad habits of thoso years. This is in most cases impossible, and the pupil's chance of becom ing even a passable musician is utterly lost. Another mistaken idea, which in some localities lias taken possession of tlio public mind, is that it is not necessary to be a good playor in order to touch ; in fact, it is almost thought that the loss a person can play the better lie can teach. It may seem almost incredible that sane people should .believe sueli a thing, yet it is an undeniable fact that they do. The very same persons would feel insulted if asked to send their children to school to a master who could not read, or whoso orthography was defective. This evil of bad teaching is a very serious one, and it would be well worth the while of the musical public to bestir itself and endeavor to root it out. If no one wore allowed to teach music without a license, and that license wore granted only to those who had passed a certain examination, tlio piano would not be such an unmitigated boro as it is at preseut. No doubt such a suggestion is easier to mako than to curry out ; hut something surely can and ought to ho doue in this matter. Failing the possi bility of legislating on the subject, all who take any interest in matters musical ought with voico and pen to do their utmost to briug about a better state of things. If everyone must bo he a pianist, let us en sure everyone being a good ono ; not abso lutely, hut relatively good. This object might he in some measure attained if parents and guardians, though themselves uoc musical, could be made to understand in what musical excellence consists and how it may be acquired. It would he difficult, perhaps, to draw the attention of tlio non- musical public to a subject iu which tiicy feel hut little interest, most of them dismis sing it by marvelling that Thcro should such difference l>o 'Tivixt tweedledum and tweodledee. But, my good, unmusical, non- musical, or anti-musical sir, or madam, do you not inflict the tweedledums and tweedledues of your sons and daughters upon an unoffending world 1 Do you not even compel your best friends to listen to, them without wincing ? Nay, do you not even mako yourselves ridiculous by professing to admire tho most discordant jumbles? Then for the sake of avoiding theso and many similar betises, study the matter. It will not cost you much trouble and will merit for you the everlasting gratitudo of your frionds and neighbors. In future issues some hints will be given which may assist in bringing about this devoutly to he wished for consumma tion. 