STAND FAST, CRAIQ-ROYSTON. . "new NOA'EL, by AVILLIAM BLACK, ' author op ",A pnisfoess op thole," " Sabina Zembra," &C.; Ali, Rioirrs Reserved. Chapter XXIII.— A Split at Last. Tlio renovation of Musselburgh Houso took more time tlinn had been hoped ; bride and bridegroom remained abroad, busking in the sweet airs and sunlight of the Mediterranean spring ; and it was not until well on in the month of May that they returned to London. Immediately after their arrival Vincent called on them— ono afternoon On his way down to St. Stoplien's. Ho stayed only for a few minutes ; and had little to say But the moment he hod left Lady Musselburgh turned to her husband. " Oh, Hubert, isn't it drendful ! Did you ever see such r change in any human being ? And no one to tell us of it — not even his own fnther — nor a word from Louie Drexel, though she wroto often enough about him and what he was doing in the House " "Yes, he does look ill," said Musselburgh, with a-seriousness not usual with him. " Very- ill, indeed. Yet he doesn't seem to. know it- declares there is nothing the "matter with him — shows a little impatience, oven, when you begin to ask questions. I suppose lie has been working too hard ;-too eager andhnxious all the way round ; too ambitious— not liko most young men. He'd bettor give up that newspaper nonsenso, for ono thing. " "Oh, it isn't that, Hubert ; it isn't that!" she exclaimed, in rather piteous accents ; and she walked away to the window (this was "the very room in which Vincent bad first set eyes on Mnisrio Bethune and her grandfather). She stood there, alone, for a time. Then her husban 1 went and joined her, and linked his arm within hers. She was crying a little." "I did it for tho best, Hubert," she sobbed. "Did "what for tho best ?" "Getting that girl away. I never thought it would come to this." "Now, now, Madge," said he, in a very affectionate fashion, "don't you worry about nothing — or rather, it isn't nothing, for Vin does look pretty seedy ; but yon musn't assume 'that you are in any way responsible. People don't die now i days of separation nnd a. broken heart— not nowadays. He is fagged ; he is not used to the late hours of the House of Commons ; then there's that nowspaper work . " " But his manner Hubert, his manner ! " she exclaimed. "He seemed as if ho no longer cared for anything in life ; ho hardly listened when I told him where we had been; ho ap peared to bo thinking of something quite different— as if- ho were looking at ghosts." "And perhaps ho was looking at ghosts," said her husband. -" For it was by that table there he first saw those two people" who- have made all this trouble. But why should you consider, yourself responsible," Madge ? It wasn't your money that sont them out of tho country. It wasn't you who found out what they really were." Sho passed her handkerchief across her eyes. "I was quite sure," she went on — not heeding this consolation— " that as soon as she was got away— as soon as he was removed from the fas cination of her actual presence— lie would begin to see tilings in their true light. And then, thrown into the society of a oharmingand clever girl like Louie Drexel, I hoped everything for him. And this is all that has come of it, that lie looks as if he were at death's door ? It isn't the House of Commons, Hubert ; and it isn't tho newspaper work;, it ..is simply that he still believes in that girl, and that, he is eating his heart out about her absence, and has no one to confide in. For that is the worst of it all ; it is all a scaled bonk now, as betweeu him and us. He was for leaving my house in Brighton— oh, tho rago he was in with me about her ! — nnd it would hnvo been for the last time, too, I know ; only that I- promised never again to mention tho subject to him, and ' on that condition we have got on fairly well since. But how am I to keep silenco any longer ? I cannot -see my boy like that. - I must speak to him ; I must ask him if ho is still so mad as to lieliove'in tho honesty of those two people; and thon, if I find that his infatuation still exists, even after all this time, then I must simply toll them that they took money to go away. How can he get over ' that ? How ran he get over that, Hubert?." In her despair this was almost a challenge as well as an appeal. But herhusband was doubt ful. .- .- ""When a . young man is. iti love with a woman," said he, " lie oan forgive a good lot — oonfoiind it, he can forgive everything, or nonrly everything,'" so long as she can persuade him she loves him inroturn— — " ' ' "But not this, Hubert, not this 1" tho young wife exclaimed. "Even if he could forgive her being a thief and tho accomplice of an old charlatan "and swindler — and what nn 'if' — imagine that' of Vincent — of Vincent, who is proud as, Luoifer— Imagine that of him !— but even if wo could get him to regard those two with the eyes of common sense and common experience, and even if ho wero willing to for give all that, how could ho forgive her being bought over, her taking money to roraain away from him ? No, no, Hubert ; surely there is a limit, even to a young man's folly 1" "OF course you know best," her husband said, in a dubious kind of way. "I've seen some queer thiugB in my time, with young men. And Vin is an obstinate devil, and tenacious ; he stioks to anything he takes up. Look at him and that wretched nowspaper work for example. If he lias porsunded himself of the innocence and honor of, this girl, it may he hard to move him. And I remember there was something very winning andattrnotivoabouther— something that bospoke favor " "That was what made her so useful to that old impostor 1" Lady Musselburgh said vin dictively. " Of course," ho admitted, "as you say, here is the undoubted fact "of their taking the money. If Vih is to bo convinced at all, it "is possible that may convince' him." "Very wall," then," said she, with decision, " he must nnd shall be convinced ; nnd that no further off than to-morrow morning. I'll tell Harland I'm ooming along to lunch, so that he may be in the house to give me any papers I may want. And suroly, surely, whon Vincent perceives what those peoplo aro, and what an escape he has had, ho will cease to mopo and fret. At his time of life there ought to bo other things to think of than a girl who has de ceived iiim "all tiro way through and ended by taking money to leave the country !" But notwithstanding all this brave confidence, Lady Musselburgh felt very nervous and anxious as she went' down next morning to Grosvenor Place. She was alone — her husband was comiug along later, for lunch; and sho went on toot, to give her a little more timo to arrange her plan of procedure. For this wns her last bolt, and bIio knew it. It his fatal obstinacy withstood this final assault, then there was no hope for him, or for her far-reaching schemes with regard to him. ' She went into tho drawingroom ; and ho camo as soon as he was sent for. These two wore now alone. "Do yon know, Vin," she began at once, Hubert and I have been much concerned about'you ; for though you won't admit there k anything the matter, tho change, in your nppenrance struok us yesterday tho momont you came in ;'indeed, it mnde me quite anxious ; and after you were gone, Hubert and I talked a little about yon and your affairs— you may bo sure with only the one wish in our minds. Hubert thinks you are over fagged ; that, you aro too close in your attendance at tho House; and that you should give up your newspaper writing for a time. I wish it wero no more than that. But I suspeot thore is something else " "Aunt," said he, interrupting her— and yet with something of a tired air, " do you think there is any uso in talking, nnd inquiring, and suggesting ? AYhat has happened has happened. It is something you don't understand ; and something you couldn't put right— with all your good wishes." "Yes, yes," she said eagerly, for she was rejoiced to find that he took her interference so amiably ; "that is quite right ; nnd mind you, I don't forgot the agreement we camo to at Brigh ton, that a certain subject should nover bo referred to by either of us. I quite remember that ; and you know I have nover sought to return to it again in any way whatever. But your looks yesterday, Vin, frightened me; and at this moment— why, you aro not like ray dear boy at all,. I wish in. all seriousness you had come over fo Paris with us— you and Louio— and gone with Ua te the Mediterranean j we should not liavo allowed you to fall into this con dition — " .-. " Oh, I'm well enough, -auritl" said ho. ""You aro not well!" sho insisted; "And why ? Because your mind is ill at ease — " "And very little o'omfort I bavo to hope for from :you," snid he, remembering former con versations ; but there was no bitterness in his tone— only a sort of resigned hopelessness. " Now, that is not fair, Vin !" sho protested. "If I said tilings to you you did not like, what motive had I but your happiness 1 And now at this moment, if I re open that subject, if I ask you to be allowed to re-open that subject, it is not the kind of comfort you apparently hope for that I am prepared to bring you, but some thing quite different. I should like to heal your mental ailment, once and for all, by convincing you of tho truth." "Yes, I think we have heard something of that sort on previous occasions," he said, rather scornfully. " The truth as it is in Georgo Morris ! "Well, I will tell you what would be more useful, moro to tho point, and more becoming. Beforo saying anything further about that old man and his granddaughter, I think you ought to go and Beok them out, and go down on your' k'neosto them, and ask their, pardon—" "For what?" " For what you Have already said of them— and suspected." . Really, you try my patience too much !" she oxciaimod, with some show of temper. "AVhat hnve I 'said or suspected of them tliat was not amply justified by the account of thern that your father offered to show you ? Of course, you wouldn't look at it. Certainly not I Facts aro inconvenient things, most uncomfortable tilings, whon one's prepossessions are involved. But I had no objection to looking at it—" "I suppose not I" said he. "And my oyes were not blinded; I could accept evidence when it was put before nc."' "Evidence 1" he rcpoated. " You forgot that I bovo been across the Atlantic since that pro- cions document wa9 compiled. I heard how that evidence bad been got ; I could see how it could be perverted to suit the malignant theories of a pack of detectives. And if I camo back witli any settled conviction it was that you and ono or two others — myself, too, in a way — could do no better than go and humble our selves before that old man nnd that girl, and beg for their forgiveness, and their forgetfulness of the wrongs and insults we have put upon them." " Oh, this is beyond anything 1" sho cried — rather losing command of herself. " Yon drive me to speak plain. Everything your father and I could think of was tried to cure you of this mad infatuation— tho most patient inquiry — ex penditure of money — representations thnt would hnve convinced nny sane person. Nothing was of any use. AYhat was to be done next ?. Well, wo oould only buy up those honorable persons — who were, not adventurers in any kind of way — h, certainly not ! — but all tho same they wero willing to bo bought ; and so, on payment of a substantial consideration; they agreed to pack up their traps and be off. AVhat do you say to that ? AVhero was the old gentleman's indomit able pride ? — where was tho girl's pretended affection for you ?— when they consented to take a good round sum of money and bo off ? How can you explain that away ?" She regarded him with a certain defiance— for she wns moved to angor by hisobduracy. Butif she expected, him to winze under this sudden stab she was mistaken. " How do I know that this is true ?" he said, calmly. "I am not in the habit of speaking untruths," sho said, slightly drawing herself up. "Oh, of course not," he answered. " Butall through this matter there has been a good deal of twisting about and misrepresentation. I should like to know from whom Mr. Bethune got this money— and in what form ?" ' AVell, she was prepared. "I suppose you would be convinced," said she, "if I showed you the receipt— a receipt for £5000— which he signed and gave to George Morris ?" . - "AVhere is that receipt ?" he asked. . > " In this house. I will-go to your father, and get it. Shall I ask him at the same time for those", other documents which you would not read ? " Perhaps all taken together they might enable you to realise the truth at last. " "No, thank you;" tdid he coldly. "I know how those- other 'documents were procured. I shall be glad to see tho receipt."- ' ' " ' . Sho Kuiridd away, anxious to strike whiio the iron was hot, and certain sho had already made a profound impression. And.;so she had, in one way, all unknowing; When" she left the room he remaiiiod standing, gazing blankly at' the sides of the. books on the table;, outwardly im passive, but with his brain working rapidly enough. Ho mado no manner of doubt that she could produce this receipt. Ho took it for granted that Georgo Bethune had accepted the money. Of course, Maisrie had nothing to do with it ; her grandfather kept her in ignorance of his pecuniary affairs; and it would bo enough for him to say that she must go away with him from Englandy-sho was obodient in all things. And no doubt the old man had been cajoled and flattered into believing he was acting justly and in tho best interests of everyone concerned ; there could have been little difficulty about that ; he himself was quick to persuade himself of any thing that happened to fnll in with tho needs of the momont. All this Vincent understood at onco. But whon ho camo to consider that it was his own relatives who bad brought upon him all the long torture and suffering of those bygone months and not only that : for what was ho or his hidden pain ?— but also that they had driven forth those two tired wanderers once more— the old man who had some wistful notion of ending his days in his own country, tho young girl whose maiden eyes had just made confession of her love secret— thon his heart grew hot within liirn. It was too cruel. AVhen Lady Mussel burgh returned with tho receipt in her hand he took the paper and merely glanced at it. . " And whose olever and original idea was this? " he demanded— with what she took to be indifference, V But Vincent— are you convinced at last!" abe exclaimed, " Surely you must see for your self now. You will give up thinking of them —thinking of that girl especially when you see" what she is— — ! " " "Whose idea was it to get them sent away?" he repeated. "Well, it was my idea," aha said; "but your father paid the money." Ho was silent for a second or two, and then he said slowly— "And you are my nearest relatives ; and this is what you have done, not to me only, but to ono who is dearer to me than life. So bo it. But you cannot oxpect me to remain ' longer under this roof, or sit down nt table, anywhere, with my cruellest enemies " She turned very pale. , " Vinoent !" she oxclaimed. " It is a question of taking sides," he went on, with perfect composure ; "and I go over to the other side. They most neod help; they aro poor and friendless. I hope the mischief you hnve done is not irreparable ; I cannot toll ; but I dare say when you and I meet again timo will have shown." She was thunderstruok and stupefied ; sho did not oven seek to detain him as he loft the room. For there was a ourious air of self possession, of resolution, about his manuor : this was no piquo of disappointed passion, nor any freak of temper. And sho could not hut ask horsclf, In a breathless sort of way, whether after all he might not bo iri the right about those people ; and, in that ease what was this she had brought about ? She was frightened— too frightoned to reason witli herself, perhaps : she only saw Vincent leaving his father's roof— cutting himself off from his own family— and she had a dumb consciousuess that it was her work, through some fatal error of judgment. And she seemed to know in stinctively that this step lie had taken was irrevocable — and that she was in some dim way responsible for all that bad occurred. AVhen Lord Musselburgh arrived, he and Harland Harris came upstairs together ; and almost directly afterwards luncheon was an nounced. As they wero about to go down to the diningroom tho great Communist-capitalist looked round with a little air of impatience and said — " But where is Vin ?" " Ho was here a short time ago," said Lady Musselburgh ; she dared not say more. Mr. Harris, from below, sont a mcssago to his son's room ; the answer— wliioh Lady Mussel- burgh lieurd in silence— was that they wore not to wait luncheon for him. "Too busy witli his reply to the Mirror" Musselburgh suggested. "Sharp cuts and thrusts going. I wonder that celestial minds should grow so acrid over such a subject as the nationalisation of tithe." "Nowspaper ' controversy," remarked Mr. Harris, in his 'sententious and grandiloquent manner, " is an excellent method of threshing out any subject ; but nowspaper controversy with an editor, if you wish to got the best of the argument, is folly. It is not only fighting with a phantom ; it is fighting with a phantom who prints what ho says in largo type, and sends you into tho outer sheet." There was some scuffle on the stairs outside, to which nobody (except Lady Musselbnrgb, whoso ears were painfully on the alert) paid any nttontion ; but when a hansom was called up to the front door, Harland Harris happened to look out. " AVhat, is he going off somewhere ? I nevor knew any creature so careless about - his meals. I presume his indifference means a good digos- tion." "Oil, Vin's digestion is all right," Mussel burgh said. " I hear he dines every night at tho House of Commons— and yst he is alive——" "But there aro his portmanteaus!" Mr. Harris exclaimed, and he even rose and wont to the window for a second. AVell, he was just In timo to seo Vincent stop into the cab anil drive off ; and therewith ho returned to his place at table, and proceeded, in his usual bland and s'omeWtiit patronising manner, to tell Lord Musselburgh 'of certain experiments be was hav ing made in copper lustre. He was not in" the lenst concerned about that donarting cab : lior did' he know that that was the last glimpse of his son he was to havo for many and many a day. And meanwhile Lndy Musselburgh sat there frightened, and guilty, and siient. And thnt without renson ; for what she had done she had done with the full concurrence nnd approval of her brother-in-law and her fiance (as he thon was). Yet aomohow ahe seemed to feel her self entirely responsible for all that had hap pened—for the failure of all her schemes— for the catastrophe that had resulted. And the moment she got outside her brother-in-law's house she began and confessed the whole truth to her husband. " But why didn't you tell Harris V said ho, pausing as if even now he would go back. " Oh, I couldn't, Hubert ; I daren't 1" she said, evidently in great distress. "I was so confident everything would come right— I advised lilm — I porsuaded him to nay the £5000 . " Oh, nonsense !" was the impatient reply. "A man doesn't hand over £5000 unless he is himself convinced that it is worth while. And ho got what he bargained for. Those people have gone away ; they don't interfere any more " "Ah, but that is not all," Lady Musselburgh put in, rather sadly. "I made so sure that Vin would forgot— that as soon as '.he-hallucination had worn off a'little, he would see what those people really were, and turn his eyes"6lsowhere; yet apparently be believes in their honesty more -firmly than ever— talks of my going and asking their pardon — and fhe liko; and now ho 1ms wholly broken away from us— declares he will never be under tho same roof with us, or sit down at the same table with us. He lias gone over to the othor side, he says, because they are poor and friendless. Poor and friendless !" she repeated, with a snap of anger— "living on the fat of the land through their thieving. And yet " And here again she paused, as if recall ing. something to herself: "Do you know, Hubert, I was startled and frightened by Vin's manner to-day ; for I had suddenly to ask myself whether after all it was possible he might be in the right, and we altogether wrong. In all other things heshows himself so clear headed and able and shrewd ; and then he has seen tho world ; you would not take him to be one who eould be easily deceived. Sometimes I hardly know wlmt to think. But at all events, this is what j-ou must do now, Hubert. You must get hold of him, and persuade him to gi baok home, beforo Harl land knows anything of what had boe.n intended. He can invent some excuse about the portman teaus. You can go down to the Houso to-night, and see him there; and if you persuade' him to return to Grosvenor- plnoe, that will be so much of the mischief set straight. That is tho first thing to be done-; but afterwards—" ' It was quite clear that" she knew hot what to think, for she went" on" again, almost as if talk ing to herself — Of course, if the girl wore a perfectly good and honest girl, and above suspicion of every kind, Vin's constancy and devotion to her would be a very fine and noble thing ; and I for ono should be proud of him for it. But as things are," it is a monomania— nothing else than a. monomania ! Ho must see that she is in league with that old man to get money on false pre tences." 11 He sees nothing of the kind," said her hus band bluntly "She may or she may not be j I know little or nothing about her ;'bufc if she is Vin docsn t ace it ; you may make up your mind about that." " And yet he seems sharp-sighted in other things said Lady Musselburgh in a pensive sort of way ; nnd'then ahe addod : " However, tho first step to be taken is to get him baok to his own family ; and nono oan do that so well as you, Hubert; you aro his old friend, and you stand between us, as it were. And there's ono thing about Vin— he ean't disappear out of the way ; you can always get hold of him— at tho Houso of Commons." Lord Musselburgh had not been long married ; he did as he was bid. And very eagerly did Vincent welcome his ambassador when he en- countered him in the lobby. Come out on to the Terraoo. I was just going to write to you ; I want you to do me the greatest service you can imagino !" " Hero I am, ready to do anybody any number of serviocs, " said Musselburgh, as they proceeded to stroll up and down this dark space, with tho wide river flowing silently by, and tlie innumer- able small beads of gold showing where London lay in the dusk. " Only too happy. And I am in tho best position for being mediator, for I have nothing tognin from either side— except, of courss, that I should be extremely "sorry to seo you quarrelling with your relations. That is always a mistake, Vin,- my boy; bad for you, bad for thorn. -And I hope you will let me go back with the important part ot my oommission done — that is to say, I was to persuade you to return to Grosvonor-place, just as if nothing had bap- pened. My wife is awfully upset about it- thinks it is entirely owing to her ; whereas I dou t see that it is at all. Sho has been trying to do her best for everybody— for your father as well rs for yourself. And the notion that you should out yourself off from your family naturally seems very dreadful to her ; and if I can take her the assurance that you don't mean anything of the kind— very well ! " "Oh, but look here, Musselburgh," said Vin cent, "you entirely mistake. It was not about that I wishod to see you ; not at all ; .on that point it is useless saying anything. You must assure Lady Musselburgh that this is no piece of temper on my part— nothing to be smoothed over nnd bushed up. I have seen all along that it was inevitable. From tho moment that my aunt and my father took up that position against —against Mnisrie Bothuno and her grandfather — I foresaw that sooner or Inter this must come. I have tried to reason with them ; I have assured them that thoir suspicions and their definite charges were as cruel as they were false ; nnd all to no purpose. And this last thing ; this bribing of an old man, who can bo too easily persuaded, to take his. granddaughter away with him and' subjeot her to the homeless life sho had -led for so many years— perhaps there are some .other considerations I need not mention— this is too much. But I know that sooner or inter a sever ance would come between them and me ; ami I am not unprepared. You wondered 'at my drudging away f\t that nowspaper work, wiicn my father was allowing mc a handsome income. Now do you seo the use of it ? I am independent, I can do as I please. I can't make a fortune ; but I can earn enough to live— and something more. Let them go their way, as I go mine ; it has nob been all my doing." Lord Musselburgh was disconcerted; but ho was a dutiful husband ; he wont on to. argue. Ho found ho might as well attempt to argue with a milestone. Nothing could shake this young man's determination. "I told Lndy Musselburgh I had gono over to tho other side, this timo for good," said he. "AVe are in opposito camps now. AVe have been so all along— but not openly. This pioce of treachery lias been too muoh for me : wo are hotter apart : I could not sit down at table with people who had acted like that- whatever their motives were. But you., Musselburgh, you wore not eoneerned in that wretched piece of schem ing ; and as I bell you, you can .do mo the greatest possible service. AVill you do it ? Or will you hsther oust in your lot with them?" "Ok. well, " mid Muselburgh, rather dlsap- ( yolntedly, " I don't seo why I should bo com piled to take sides. I want to do my best for Everybody concerned. I'vo just oomo into the family as you might say ; and it seems a pity there should be any quarrel or break up. I had a kind of notion that we should all of us — but particularly my wife and myself and you and — and — your wife— I thought our little party of four might have a very pleasant time together, both at home and abroad. My wife and I have often talked of it, and nmuBod ourselves with sketching out plans. SeemB suoh a pity — "Yes," said Vinoent, abruptly, "but there are other things in life besidos going to Monto Carlo and staking five franc pieces." " What is this that you want me to do ?" his friend asked next — seeing that those induce ments did not avail "Well," said Vincent, " I suppose you know that Lady Musselburgh showed mo this morning the receipt Mr. Bothunc gave Georgo Morris for tho £5000. It was a simplo rccoipt : nothing more. But evorybody knows George Morris is not tho man to part with money uncon ditionally ; there must have been arrange ments and pledges ; and I want to discover what Mr. Bcthune undertook to do, where he undertook to go. Morris won't tell me, that is certain enough ; but ho would probably tell you." Lord Musselburgh hesitated. "Why," said he, "you know why thatmoney was paid. It was paid for the express purposo of getting them away — so that you should not know whore they are-—" "Precisely so," said Vincent. "And you would therefore be undoing a part of the wrong that has been done them, by your wife and my fathor." ' " Oh, I don't call it doing a wrong to a man to give him £5000," said Musselburgh, with a touch of resentment. " He needn't have taken tho money unless lie liked." " Do you know what representations were mnde to him to induce him to take it ?" Vinoent said. "Well, I don't," was tho reply. "Theysettlod all that amongst themselves ; and I was merely made acquainted with the results. It would hardly have been my place to interfore, you seo ; it was before my marriage, remomber ; in any case, I don't know that I should have wanted to . have any say in the matter. However, the actual outcome we all of us know ; and you must con fess, Vin, whatever persuasions wero used, it looks a rather shady transaction." "Yes— on tho part of thoso who induced him to acocptthe bribe 1 " Vincont said, boldly. " Oh, come, come," Lord Musselburgh inter posed, rather testily, "don't bo so bigoted. It isn't only your considering that girl to be every thing that iB fine and wonderful — I can under stand tlint— the glamor of love can do anything ; but you go too far in professing tho greatest ad miration and respeot for this old man. Leave us somo chanoe of agreeing with you, of believ ing you sane. For you can't deny that he took the money ; there iB the plain and simple fact staring you in the faoe. More than that, his taking it was the justification of those who offered it ; it proved to them that he was hot tho kind of person with whom you should bo connected by marriage. I say nothing about the young lady ; I don't know her ; perhaps her association all theso years with this 'old — well. I won't call him names— has not affected her in any way ; perhaps she believes in him as im plicitly as you appear to do. But as for him— well, take any unprejudiced outsider, like myself ; what am I to think when I find him accepting this money from strangers ? " Yes," said Vincent a little absently. " I sup pose, to an outsider, that would look bad. But it is because you don't know him, Musselburgh, or the story of his life, or his circumstances. I confess that at one time there were things that disquieted me ; I rather shut my eyes to them, but now that I understand what this man is, and what he has gone through, and how he bears himself, it isn't only pity I feel for him, it is respect, and more than respect. But it's a long story, and it would hove to be told to sym pathetic ears ; it would be little use telling it to my father or to my aunt — they have the detec tives' version before them — they have the detec tives' reading of tho case." "AVell, tell me, at least," Bnid his friend. " I wnnt to get at the truth. I hove no preju dice or prepossession one way or the other. For another thing, I like to hear the best of everybody — nnd to believe it, if lean : it makes life pleasanter ; and I can't forget, either, that it was through me you got to know Georgo Bethunc." It was a long story, as Vinoent had said ; and it was a difficult one to set in order and in a proper light; but it was chiefly based on what had been told him by the Toronto banker ; and Mr. Thompson's generous interpretation of it ran through it alb Lord Musselburgh listened with the greatest interest and attention. What seemed mostly to strike him was the banker's phrase — " Call George Bothune an imposter if you like; but the man he has imposed on, nil his life through, has been — George Bothune. " "Well, it's nil very extraordinary," he said, when Vinoent. had finished. "I wish I had taken the trouble to become a little better ac quainted with him ; one is so apt to judge by the outside; I thought he was merely a picturesque, old fellow with a mad enthusiasm about Scot land. And yet I don't know what to say even now. All that you have told me sounds very plausible and possiblo— if you take that way of looking at it ; and the whole thing seems so pitiable, especially for. the girl; he has his de- lusions and self-oonfidenoc — she has only her loneliness. But at the same time, Vin, you muBt admit that those little weaknesses of his might easily be miscontrued " " Certainly," said Vincent, with promptitude. "It is just as Mr. Thompson said : if you choose to look at George Betbuno through blue spec tacles, his way of life must appear very doubt ful ; if you choose to look at him through pink spectacles, there is something almost heroic about him. And I think, Musselburgh, if you knew the lion hearted man a little better, you wouldn't shrink from acknowledging that there was something fine and even grand in his character. As for Maisrie — as for Miss Betbuno — she asks for no generous consideration, or for bearance, or anything of that kind ; she asks for no leniency of judgment, and needs nono ; sko is beyond and abovo all that. I know her — none better than I ; and she has only to remain what she is — ' dass Gott Bio erhalte, so schou und rein' und hold ' 1 " There was a break in his voice as he spoke. Lord Musselburgh was silent fur a moment or two — he felt like an intruder upon something too sacred. And yet he had his mission; so presently he forced himself to resume "Well, after all, Vin, I think you must giant that there is something to be said for your relatives, even if thoy have been mistaken. They could not know all that you know — all that you learned in Canada besides ; they oould only judge from the outsido ; they could only believe what they heard " "Why did they interfere at all?" Vincent demanded, in his turn. "Why had they Mr. Bethuno's steps dogged by deteotives 1" "You should be the last to protest. It was entirely for your sake that it was done." " Yes," said Vincent, with a certain scorn. "It was for my sake they wero so ready to sus pect — it was for iny sake they wero so eager to regard everything from the attorney's point of view I They would not tako my word for any thing ; they would rather trust to their privnto inquiry offices. I was supposed to be so easily blinded ; the swindlers had suoh a willing dupo ; no reliance was to bo placed but on tho testi mony of spies. What childish rubbish !' Why, I introduced my aunt to Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter ; she could not find a word to say against them — but hor suspicions remained ail the same 1 And thon apparently sho went and consulted- with my father. It was so dreadful that I was being cheated by thoso two dangerous characters 1 Couldn't the lawyers and their private inquiry agents— couldn't thoy make out some story that would appall me ? Couldn't they make up some bogey — straw, and an old coat — that would terrify me out of my wits? And then when I wasn't appalled by their idle trash of stories — oh, for goodness sake, get those desperate creatures smuggled away out of the country 1 No safety unless they were hidden away somewhere. And then thoy wont to the old man ; and I can imagine how they persuaded bim. The greatest kindness to every one concerned if only ho would fall in with their views ; he would save his granddaughter from entering a family who had mistaken but undoubted prejudices against her ; and of course they couldn't allow him to put himself so muoh about without endeavoring to pay part of theoost. It was no solatium to the young lady — oh no, oertainly not 1— probably she was destined for muoh higher tlrings, and it was no gift to himself ; it was merely that the rolativcs of that hot headed young man were desirous of pleasing themselves by showing how muoh they appreciated his (Mr. Bethuno's) gonerosity in mnking this little sacrifice. Well, thoy suc ceeded, but they little knew — and they little know — what thoy have done 1" Perhaps there was something in tho proud and withal disdainful tones of tho young man's voice that was quite as convincing as his words; at all ovents, his friend said — "Well, I sympathise with you, Vin, I do really. But you see how I am situated. I am an emissary — an intermediary — I want peace " "It is no use saying peaco whore there is no peace," Vincent broke in, "Nor need thoro bo war. Silence is best. Lot what has been done go. It cannot bo undone now." "Vincent — if you would only think how fond your aunt is of you — if you would think of her distress " "It was she who ought to have considered first," was the rejoinder. " Do you imngino I have suffered nothing, beforo I went to America, nnd then, and since ? But that is of little account. I could forgive whatever 1ms happened to myself. It is when I think of some one olso — sent adrift upon the world again — but it is better not to talk !" "Well, yes," persisted Lord Musselburgh, who was in a sad quandary, for tho passionato indignation of this young man seemed so muoh stronger than any persuasive argument that could be brought against it. "I can perfectly understand how you may consider yourself wronged nnd injured — and how much more you feel whnt you consider wrong and injury dono to others ; but you ought to bo a little generous, and take motives into account. Supposing your fathor nnd your aunt wore mistaken in noting as thoy did, it was. not through any selfish- noss on their part. It was for your welfare, as they thought. Surely you must grant that to them." "I will grant anything to them, in the way of justification," said Vincent, "if they will only take the first step to make ntoncmcnt for tho mischief thoy hnvo wrought. And that thoy can do through you. Thoy can tell you on what conditions Sir. Bethune was persuaded to tako tho money ; so that I may go to him, and bring him back — and her." "But probably they don't know where he is 1" his friend exclaimed, in perfect honesty. " My impression was that Mr. Bothunc ngreod to leave this country for a certain time ; but of course no one would think of banishing him to any partioular spot." " And so they themselves don't know where Mr. Bethune has gone ?" said Vincont slowly. " I believe not. I am almost certain they don't. But I will make inquiries, if you like. In the meantime," said Musselburgh, returning to his original prayer, "do consider, Vin,, and be reasonable, and go back to your father's house to-night. Don't make a split in the family. Give them credit for wishing you well. Let me take that message from you to my wife —that you will go home to Grosveuor-placo to night." " Oh, no," said Vincent, with an air of quiet resolve. "No, no. This is no quarroL This is no piece of temper. It is far more serious than that ; and, as I say, I have seen all along that it was inevitable. After whnt I have told you, you must recognise for yourself what tho situation is. I have spoken to you very freely and frankly, because I know you wish to bo friendly, and bceause I think you want to see the wholo case clearly and honestly. But how oould I talk to them or try to explain ? Do you think I would insult Miss Bethuno by offering them one word of excuse, either on her behalf or on that of her grandfather? No, and it would be no use, besides. They are mad with prejudice. No doubt they say I am mad with prepossession. Very well, let it stand bo. " Lord Musselburgh at length perceived that his task was absolutely futile. His only chanco now was to bring Vinoent into a more placable disposition by getting him the information he sought ; but he had not much hope on that score ; for people do not pay £5000 and then at once render up all the advantages they fancy they have purchased. So here was a deadlook — he moodily said to himself, as he walked away home to Piccadilly. And as for Vincent? Well, as it ohanced, on the next morning — it was a Wednesdaymorning — when ho went across from the Westminster Palace-Hotel to the House of Commons, and got his usual little bnndloof letters, the very first one that caught his eye bore the 'Toronto post mark. How anxiously lie had looked for it from day to day— wondering why Mr. Thompson had hoard no news — and becoming more and more heart sick and hopeless as the weary time went by without a sign— and behold 1 here it was at last, (To be continued.) 