LOCAL IlUTEMilGEHrCE. The Kiama Hospital.— The desirability o having some authorized collector appointed in tho Shoalhaven district was mooted at the last committee meeting of the Kiama Hospital when (we learn from tho Reporter) Mr. S. S.Wolls moved that Mr. Tbos. Edwards of tho Shoalhaven Tele graph be authorized to receive subscriptions on behalf of the hospital. The motion was sononded by Mr. G. Bullen ond carried, and Mr. Edwards, having agreed to accept tho responsibility, do 81T69 us to intimate that ho will be ploased to 1 receive and remit such amounts as may ho for warded to bis care. j THE dOMA.DKK.UY AKD NOWRA ItAILWAY.— 1 In the Assembly on Tuosday Inst Mr. Frank Farnell (for Mr. Morton) asked tho Secretary j for Publio Works,— Is it hisintontiou to submit I to tbo House, with a view to its being sent on to the Publio Works Committee with the nest ; batch of publio works, tho proposal for taking tho j railway lino across the Shoalhaven Rivor by bridge P Mr. Bruce Smith answered, — I hope j to have all the papers ready to enable mo to do j so. In conneotion with the same matter tho Telegraph of Friday has tho following:— The ftnvdrnmnnt havA dofinitelr determined to submit to the Publio Work3 Committee before the clone of the session the following railways Cobar to Cockbnrn, Inverell to Glen Innes and from tho metropolis via Petersham, Five Bock, Abbotsford and Gladesville. The question of constructing the bridge over the Shoalhaven River and extending the 'Kiama railway into the township of Nowra will also be placed before the committee. Pionic at Oambbwarba.— A very successful Sicnio was given to the Ohurch of England unday School at Oambewarra on Friday last. The pupils of the publio school having been in vited, irrespective of creed, there was a large muster, numbering, with a goodly sprinkling of parents, lad9, and lasses, over 300. The Sunday school has been under the superintendence of Mr.Thos. Shepherd for many years, and during that time asimilar picniohas been annually given by that gentleman, assisted by other members of tho church, thereby affording the sevoral families of the locality an opportunity of enjoy ing a day of pleasant social intercourse. The day was spent on this occasion, as on previous ones, in feasting, and the usual sports and games, inoluding lawn tennis, which was muoh in favour. We regretted to notioe the absence of the Bev. Mr. Parr, ever happy in promoting objects of this kind. There is a general desire that the strained relations between the pastor and people^ in this part, by whioh the usual church servioes have, for some time ceased, may soon come to an end. and an arrangement be made, to the satisfaction of both parties. Steps in that direction, we believe, have been taken. nOWBA BOHOOEr OF A11T6. — a. COmmiUOO | meeting of the above named Institution was held on Monday eveitiog last, thero being present Mr. 0. J. B. Watson (President) in tho I ohair, Messrs. Z. G. Bice. J.P., W. P. Black ! more, 0. Blacket, J.P., F. H. Galbraith, J. Green, J.P., G. Hayes, J. Howitt, TO. 0/ I Hewlett, E. A. James, Dr. H. K. King, J.P., and T. Marriott. Tho minutes having been read were confirmed on tho voioes, the special business of the evening being then entered I upon. It was resolved on motion by Mr. F. H. Galbraith, seconded by the President ' That it ba an instruction to tho committee that In j future all correspondence on behalf of the In stitution be oonducted by and through the Secretaries, and that suon correspondence be | fully reported to the committee from time to I time.' Mr. Blaokmore subsequently intro duced his motion re conference between the I committee of the School of Arts and the m*nage ment of the new Mechanics' Instituto. moving ' That a letter be written to. the. committee' of ! the Meohanios' Institute requesting a conference ; between fivo delegates of their Society and a similar number of delegates from this Institu tion, for tho purpose of considering if an amel I carnation of the two Societies can bo effected. ! Mr. Green seoonded the resolution which was supported by Mr. Hewlett and carried, Mr. | Hayes alone dissenting therefrom. The com ' mittee having further decided to appoint the delegates by ballot, Mossrs. Blackmore. Watson, | Hewlett, Marriott, and Bice wore olected as I representatives of tho Institution at tho proposod 1 conference, Mr. Jamos, who received an equal I number of votes with Mr. Bice, retirioa in favor | of that gontleman. Mr. Marriott having sub sequently prepared a draft of the letter proposod to he sent to the Committee of the new Instituto the same wan approved. Tho Treasurer called attention to the state of the finances, the credit to the eenHYSl account hnvinc been reduced to : £15 14n 7d of whioh sum £7 13s Id was duo to the Tiihrary fund, leaving the hnlatico at thn dis|-of»al hf the committee at. £8 Is fl-l. He had received 'tho sum of £23 17s Od. a* proceed* of the late nhow, 4-ut that amount of course be longed to .the . Building Fund. The committoo would have to exercise caution in regard to their expenditure. Some other formal business hav 1 ing been disposed of, the committee adjourned. A spirit LT0BN8R was grantod at tho Nowra Police : Court yosterday to Mr. T. H.l Notley, storekeeper, of Kaugaroo, Mr. H. L. Whittell, eohoitor, appearing for tho applioant. Hawkers' licenses wore granted at tho Nowra Police Court yesterday by tho Polico Magistrate (Mr. J. H. Nisbett, J.P.) aud Messrs I). M'llwraitb and K. M'Konzio ? J'sP. to Honry Shophord and John M'ICinnon, both of Catnbo Grbbnwell Point Union* CnuROir.— The ! foundation stono of tho propowl Union Churoh j ot Oreonwoll Point (ono of thothroo whioh were ; loft as a gift to tbo peoplo of Shoalhaven and I district by the lato Mr. DavuI Borry, nnd the I erection of whioh is boing undortakon by Mr. ! John Hay, J.P.) is to bo laid at 2 p.m. this j (Wednesday) afternoon, by Mrs. H. G. Mortou. I Tbo coremony will be closelv followed by a tea- I meeting, particulars of which are announced olsowhoro. A stoamor loavos Berry at 10 a.m. I this morning, convoying thoso do9irous of being I present on tho occasion, and intending visitors from Nowra may (if so minded) mako n con- j vonionco of the s.s. Torrara, which also loavos | this morning to moot tho Kamoruka at tho 1 Point, but, as tho roads arc good, tho majority I of visitors from Shoalhavon may bolookod for by I buggy or trap. Tho trip is such a ploosnut one, 1 that a largo attondanco inay bo looked for at I both tho coromony and toa mooting. I Tne Nowra Puelio School,.— Mr. It. Patter- 1 son, Mayor of Nowra, is in ronoiptof tho follow- ; ing communication from tho Undor-Socrotary, j Department of Publio Instruction, under date ' 25th Novomhor, 1890:—' Sir,— I am ditocted to acquaint yon that the Minister of Publio In struction has had tmdor notice your lottor, dated l 16th Octobor, aigned aUo by aix othor gontlo mon, suggesting that ' another and far moro contrnllv situated ' Publio S-shool silo at Nowra ho obtained for ' now school buildings.* 2. Having causod carofnl inquiry to bo made in tho matter, and givon tho meritft of the case full consideration, tho Mimntor han, nndor all. tho circumstance*, rosolrod to retain the present school atto. it in nor uoetnoa auviaublolo cnang-» aito until it is soon whore the Railway w:ll go. In tho meantime, stops will ho tnknn to riocuro, if pnsHiMn, sites for additional schools on tho Crown allotments closo to tho town. -I have,&-5. (sigriod) J. Gidson, for Undor-Sccrotary.' POLICE ITEMS. — At the Nowra Police Court on Thursday, 27th ultimo, before the Police Magis- trate (Mr. J. H. Nisbett, J.P.), James Kelly was charged with being drunk in Kinghorn-street the previous evening. As an old offender in this respect he was fined 20s or 7 days in tho lock-up, and was removed in custody. — Two lads in custody, the one Daniel Window, an apprentice from the State Children's Relief Department in the employ of John Clark of Wandandian, and the other, Edward Hall, employed by George Harris, also of Wandandian, were charged with abscond- ing from their hired service. In each case the lads were, on the application of Sergeant Sykes ordered to return to their masters, both of whom were agreeable to receive them back, the P. M. cautioning them as to their future behaviour. — On Friday, 28th ultimo, Gertrude Kelly, do- mestic servant, was charged, in custody, before tho Police^ Magistrate, with stealing four silk handkerchiefs, six yards trimming, three boy's suits, two yards linen, six and a^half yards wobbmg, four yards plush, six yards enshmore, and ono pair blaok stockings, the property of Alexander Hielman, storekeeper,. of Nowra, 'be- tween the 19th and 26th iustants. P. C. Draper gave formal ovidenco of tho arrest, and on the application of the police, who stated thatofhor oharcos of a similar character were nonditi? against her, the prisoner wos remanded for eight days, for tho production of further ovi* donee. 'Wee Davie' — A very interesting sorvico of song was givon in aid of tho funds of tho Presbyteritn Sunday School on Friday evoning last, tbo service being conducted in tho Presbyterian Church building. The attondanco was, all things considored, very good, and the proceedings which proved very onjoyablo woro much appreciated by one and all present. As usual, Mr. W. Wostbvook, (whose natural benovolence of spirit always places his services at tho disposal of those working for tho good of their fellows, irrespective of creed) officiated as conductor, tho choir answering to every movo ment of his baton with admirable precisiou and effect, thosioging throughout boingoxceptionally good. Tho solo parts (of whioh thoro woro several) proved to bo in good bands and were rendered very correctly, Miss L. Smith, nt tho organ greatly assisting tho several vocalists by her equally correct playingand intonation of the accompanying music. Mr. E, 0. Hewlett, who may oe also said to havo presided ovor the proceedings, gave tho connootivo readings pathetically and well, while Mr. W. Dobbio lod the devotional exercises. A cordial vote of thanks to tho ladies and gentlemen assisting in the musical portion of the service, was passed at the close of the proceedings, on motion by Mr. Hewlett, tho service olosing with the Doxology, followed by the -Benediction. Tbo members of the choir were subsequently, through tho kindness of Mr. Hewlett, entertained at supper in the vestry of the ohurch. The Sohooi. of Arts Flower Show.— Ah supplementing our report of the recent Indus trial Exhibition held at the Elite Skating Bink, in connection with the local Sohooi of Arts, tho following additional prizes having been awarded on Thursday evening, aro now published, viz. : — Pianoforte solo, by boys and girls under 17, ' Devil's March ' (Supp6) Miss Florrie Watson 1\. Pianoforte solo, boys and girls under 14, 'Dreamland' waltz, Miss Maud Lceming 1, Miss Annio Armstrong 2. Curtsey by girl (special by Dr. Kiug), Miss Amy Byan 1, Miss Tjouio Davis 2. Bow by school boy (special by Mr. H. D. Morten), J. Colless I. M. Quilty 2. Snecial snnllincr ben. prizes 5s. 2s 6d. and cer tificate, G. Watson (Terrara school) 1. G. Asproy 2, E. Colloss (Nowra Public School) 3. A much greater interest waB taken in tho proceedings on tho second evoning of the show than was apparent on tho Wednesday, and, favoured with fine weather, tho attendance was very good. Vocal and instrumental music, tableaux, and com petitions filled tho ovoning very pleasantly, not the least interesting featuto Doing tho sorieB of tableaux vivants- staged under the direction of Miss Newton of; tho' Nowra High i School, in which tho pupils of Madame I Wallrabo's well known establishment toek the leading part. Tho tableaux presonted were as follows : — ' See-saw,' by pupils of Madame Wallrabe j 'Tho Ghost Story,' by the Misses Newton, Hayes (2), Forster, Gsesar, Evans, and Emmott, and ' Whero are you going, my pretty maid?' by Miss Emmott and Mr. H. Morton. Amongst tho songs rendered were the following : 'Simon the Cellarer.' Mr. Langford; 'They all love Jack,' Mr. H Morton ; ' Tho Bailiff's Daughter of Islington,' Miss Emmott; 'Ro- many Lass,' Mr. H. Morton; UI couldn't,' Mr. Paten, and a character song by the last named gontloman. Mesdames Brigstooke and Wallrabe^ with tho Misses Evans and Emmott, of Moruya, were the pianists, the last two named young ladios desotoingapeoial commendotion for their unremitting efforts to please the audiences frequenting the show, during the two days it remained open, their services being froely placed at the disposal of *tho Committee. A magio lantern entertainment givon by Mr. Blackmore in the annexe was muoh appreciated by tho youngsters and gonernl satisfaction wao expressed ^ with the arrange- j ments. Several fresh exhibits woro on view, I and none perhaps attracted creator attention, than Sorgoant Sykes' collection of animal, j vegetahlo, and mineral substances, curios &c.; i Amongstothor exhibitors whom we failed tonatne in ourproviou* report wore MissRvao of Numha,., Miss Watson (Terrara^ and Miss Hutchison j (Sydnoy)iu tho competitive sections, and in the non competitive sections Mesdames Hartridgo, Fitzgerald, and Perry,' tho Misses Caesar, i Watson, and L. Smith, Messrs 0, Weston, G. 1 Hayes, J. Groen. J.P., E. de Mestro senr., F. , W.'Flett, J.P., W. Tait, and 0. Richards. I A court for tho revision of the jury list, will bo hold in Nowra on Tuesday uext, and jurois whoso namos appear on the list and I whoso names may havo boon addod to that in courso of preparation, desiring to bo oxcuscd from attondanco at tho District Court, will do | well to bo prosent on that occasion and ate to tho grounds ou whioh thoy basotboir application for tho romoval of their namos. j 