An Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. \-- G---- --- CHAPTER X.-continued. iaE PORTOGUESE anRO. I NTsvE beheld two more hideous men. Their skins were begrlned with dirt, and their colour came near to the complexion of the negro with sun and weather and eglect of soap; the hair of the seaman that wore the dirty red nightcap fell in snake- like coils upon his back and shoulders, black as tar and shining as prease. He wore thick gold hoops in his "ars and a faded blue sash round his waist; his feet were naked, and for the like of them it would be necessary to hunt the forests of Brazil. The other man wore a slouched felt hat, a pair of grey trousers jammed into half-Welling ton boots, a jacket confined by a button at the neck, the sleeves thrown over his lock. whilst his dark arms, naked to the elbows, were hairy as a baboon's, with a glimpse to be caught of a most intricate network ot gunpowder and Indian ink devices covering the flesh to the very linger-nails. This creature had a very heavy moustache, backed by a pair of linrce whiskers, with flashing, though blood-shot eyes, like a blot of ink upon a slice of orange-peeL WV were in a group at the gangway when they came sputtering alongside, flinging down their oars and walloping about in the wildest conceivable scramble as they made fast the painter and- clawed their way up; and the instant they were on our deck they both let fly at us in a torrent of words, not attempting to dis tinguish amongst us, but both of them addressing first one. and then another, all with such mad impetuosity of speech, such smiting of their bosoms, such snap ping of their fingers and convulsive brandishing of their fists, that the irrecog. nisable tongue in which they delivered themselves was rendered the most hope lessly confounding language that ever bewildered the ear. It was quite impos sibl. t gather what they desired to state. First they would point to our ensign, then to their brig, then to the long gun upon ueur forecastle, meanwhile talking with indescribable rapidity. Finn tried to lheck them ; he bawled, " Stop I stop! You no speakee English 1" but they only stared and let drive again the moment he ended his question. "There's no good in all this," said Wilfrid, "we must find out what they want. What the deuce is their language, Charles, d'ye know "i" ' \- "A sort of Portuguese, I imagine," aid I, "but a mighty corrupt specimen of that tongue, I should think." "I will try them in French," sid he, and approaching the fellow in the red nijtcapi hbawle in French, with an ex e lnt accent, "What is wrong with your ship What can we do for you 1" Bothomen shook their heads and broke out together afresh. It was amazing thmt they should go on abbering as though we perfectly understood them when one glance at our faces shoild have assured them that they might 's well hare ad dressed the deck on which they stood. "., Try 'em in Latin, Wilf," cried I. He addressed a few words to them in that tongue, but his English accent ex tinguished the hint or two they might have found in the words he employed had he pronounced them in South European fashion, and after glaring at him a moment with a deaf face the red-capped man stormed forth again into a passion of speech accompanied by the most incredible esticulations, pointing to his brig, to our to the anoh as before, winding up in le-delirium of his emotion by flinging his cap down on deck and tearing a hand ful of hair out of his head. -ur crew were all on deck and had come shouldering one another aft as far as they durst, where they stood looking on, a grinning, harkening, bowhiskered huddle of faces. I thought it just possible that one of -them might understand the lingo of our grimy and astonishing visitors, and suggeste asmuch to Captain Finn. He called out, "Do any of you men follow what these chaps re a-saying 1 A fellow responded, "It's Portugee, sir. Ican swear to that, though I can't talk in it" ",Try them in Italian, Laura," said Wifefrid. She coloured, and in a very pretty accena that floated to the ear like the soft sounde of a flute after the hoarse, hideous and howling gibberish of the two Dagos, as I jaged them, sh asked if they wer Portuguese. The eyes of the fellow in tihe slouched hat flashed to a great grt that disclosed a veiy cavern of a mouth nade r ais t m oniach widening to hm whiskers, and he nodded violently. Sle asked again in Italian what they required but lhis felldtoad They did not under stano her, but ssibly imagpoining toha she could comprehend them they bo?? nddre?sed her at once, osing a mhoske irand took notingce nowtteri of with their tongues on looks to line ofaid Fin de, "acks ifra i wasa caseen' mutiny. Don't see what lcb co sinonify their constnt pointing to than there gun an our fl and theknobs thei brig." \-- sent a looky rtive aveel askant loe spoke and took notice no of a num arter of head don" the line of the main deck rail watcinsg us in a sort of docking way, b' which I mean to convey a kind of cominm and. going of those dusky knobs whiet suggested a very furtive and askant look out. She was not above a quarter of i mile off; the wheel slhowed plain and th, mao at it kept I0 a f.oe upon us con tinuously,whilstlhis posturc,Liliputianiso as he was, betrayed extraordinary im patience and anxiety. The craft lay aback the light wind hollowing her sails in-boan and her ugly besmeared hull rmling in manner that I suppose was rendero n4shcous to the eye by her colour, he form, her frowsy, ill-cut canvas and her oheathino of sickly hue, foul with slimy weed and squalid attire of repulaire sea growth upon the long and tender lifting and falling of the sparkling blue. There were some white letters under her counter, but though I took a swift peep at them through Fin's telescope the shaldow there and the long slant of the name towards the stenmpost rendered the words inde cipherable. The glass showed such heads along the rall as I could fix to be strictly in keeping with the filth and neglect you aaw in the brig and with the appearance of the two men aboard of the schooner. Most of them might have passed for negroes. There were indications of ex treme agitation amongst them, visible in a sort of fretful flitting, a constant look ing up and around and abaft in the direc ion of the man at the wheel I thought I would try my hand with the red-capped worthy, and striding up to lim I sung out " Capitano 1" HIe nod2Pl., striking himself and then pointing to his companion, spoke some word, but I did not understand him. By this time the crew had come shoving one another a littlefurther aft, so that we now made a fair crowd all about the gangway ; every man's attention was fixed upon the rwo Portuguese. It was so odd an expe rience that it created a sort of licence for the crew, and Finn was satisfied to look en whilst first one and then another of our men addressed the twofellows, striving to coax some meaning out of them by ad dressing them in "pigeon" and other fonus of English, according to that odd superstition current amongst suamen that our language is most intelligible to foreignere when spoken in a manner the least intelligible to ourselves. We of the quarterdeck were beginning to grow weary of all this. The hope of being able to pick ip news of tile Shark had gone out of Wilfrid's mind log ago ;i the humour, moreover, of tUle two crea tures' appearance and apparel was now stale to his, and with folded arms he stood apart watehing their gesticulations and listening to their jargon-in which it seemed to me they were telling the same story over aid over and over again-with a tired air and a gloomy brow. I drew Finn apart. "What is the matter with them, think you " I dorn't doubt it's a mutiny, sir." "It looks like it certainly. But how can we help them i" "We canl't help them, sir. The best thing we can do, I think, is to order 'em oI. You can see, Mr. MeIonson, his honour's growing sick of the noise." I started suddenly. " Why, Finn, look l" I cried, "see! they have trinmmned sail on thie brig and she is under way I " It was indeed as I had said. Unob serred by us, the people of thie vessel Ihad squared the mainyards and flattened in the hleadslheot, and there she wan away to windward, pushling slowly through it with a brassy wrinkling of water at her steem, her crew running about her as active as ants, whilst I noticed in the difference of costunme that a new man lied replaced tlhe fellow who was at the whceL "MIind," I shouted, "or by Jupiter they'll run away with the ship and leave this brace of beauties on our hands."' A single glance enabled Finn to see how it was. In a breath he sprang upon thie red-capped man, caught hiss by the collar, twisted his head round in thie direc tion of tihe brig, whilst he yelled in his ear, "Lookee l! lookee I your ship go ! your ship go; joumpee, jumpee or you loosee ship !" It was not likely that the grimy creature would havire met with a ghost of a hint of the trath in the "lookeea"and "jumpees" of friend Finn, but his nose having been slewed in the right direction hlie instantly saw for him self. He broke out in along ringinghowl, which I took to he some tremendous sea curse in the Portuguese Lang?age, and calling his companions attentioi to the brig by striking him with hlis clenched fist between the shoulders, and then indicat ing the vessel with both arms outstretched in a melodramatic posture that made one think of Masaniello, he uttered another wild roar that was no doubt a further example of Portuguese had language, and went in a sprawl to the gangway followed by his cmrade. In a trice they were over the side and in the boat and pulling furiously in the direction of thie brig. I"Better trim sail, Captain Finn, so as to lie up for that vessel, caaimed WVil frid. "We must see those men aboard and the little drama played out, though 'tie vexatiously delaying." It was now blowing avery light air of wind, yet there was weight enough in it to hold steady the canvas of tie Porte g ueso brig, even to the lifting of her fore sail, lumpish as those cloths were made by the boom that spread the clews, and one saw by the wake of her that she was str ring through it at a pace to render the pursuit of the beat long and possiblyhope' less, if the crew refused toback their yards forthe two fedlows. The boat was a fat, tub-like fabric, apparently heavy for hee Gsize, and the rowers pulled with such alter nate heat and passion, that though they made the water buzz and foam about the ebows, their motion was as erratic-first to right, then to left, then aspansmodie heave round as though they meant to return to us-as the courseof a fly climbing a pane of glass. The whole picture was throwe Soutstrongand learbythe background ol sparklingaruro water melting into a sort el trembling faintness offthe horizon toabovs the height of the brig's masts against the sky, which from there ran up in a tint ol deepening blue till it whitened out into glory round about the sun. The boal I rose and fell upon the long ocean heave splashed wildly forwards by the twi rowers, who again and again would tun I their mahogany-coloured faces over thei a shoulders to yell to the withdrawing vessel IThe brig's crew stood in a crewd af: watching, most of them, pas the glass 4i4 "ans SOT'S STRUCK THZ DOer, TOUR HUOURS, ARC -URD su ER 1" losed, in a loafing, lounging posture, their i are arms folded or their hands sunk in heir breeches-pockets, whilst one or onother occasionally pointed at us or the f bsoat with a theatrical attitude of leaning back as he did so that made one fancy1 ne could hear the laughter or the curses which attended these gestures. On high I rustily glittered the amazing old weather- i ock or dog-r.ane of the smint in his boat, from which would leap with pendulum I regularity a dull flame sunwards, timing 1 alike kind of fire which flashed wet from the dirty yellowuand sickly green of the bull, as her side' rolled streaming to then noon-tide blaze. "I say, Wilfrid," cried I, "it doesn't seem as if those ehaps meant to let that 1 hoat approach them.' "What's to be done?" he exclaimed. I looked at Finn. "If they don't pick those two fellows up," said I, "wre shall have to do so, that's cocksure. But they4 are a kind of beauties whose room is better than their company, I think, as the crew would find out when we approached the equinoctial waters." "Ay, sir, cried Finn, "it would never do to have thle likes o' them aboard, your honour," addressing Sir Wilfrid. "ho, no, the brig must pick 'cm up, Dang their cruel hearts! 1 neverseed a scurvier trick played at sea in alIl my days." "But what's tobe done I" cried Wilfrid impatiently and irritably. "Could one of our boats overhaul the brig and put the two fellows aboard her?" Finn shook his head. "See here, Wilf," said I, "suppose we let slip a blank shot at her out of that eighltecn-pounderyenderl The dirty herd of seowbankers may take us to be aman of war. And another idea on top of thisI" cried I, bursting into a laugh. "Is there anything black aboard that we can fly at tle mathead? It slouldprove awarrant of our honesty that must puzzle them gloriously." '"Would ablaekshawl do, Ir.MIonsonl" said Miss Jennings. ',Tha very thing," said I, "if it's big ena'glt" S?o immediately went below. "I think a blank slhot's a first class idea," exclaimed Finn, "but as to a black flag-" and he cocked his eye dubiously at t?Ie masthead, whilst his face visibly lengthened. "Why a black flag, Charles?" cried Wilfrid. "Wlhy, my dear Wilf,-the pirate's bunting, you know. The roges may take us fora picaroon-no telling the persuasive influence of a black banner upon the nerves of such gentry." "Noblel noble?" shouted Wilfrid, slapping his leg: "frighten them, Finn, frighten them. Why, man, they can't be all fools, and some of them at least will very well know that that ensign up there," pointing to the commercial flag at our peak, "in not her Blritannic Majesty's red cross. Dat a black flag-Oh, yes, by all means if we can but iustersuch a thing. And get chat gun loaded, will ye, Finnl get it done at once, I say." The skipper walked hurriedly forward as Miss Laura arrived with a black cash mere or crape shawl-I do not recollect the material. We heldit open between us. "Tlhe very thing," I cried, and full of excitement-for here was something genuine in the way of an incident to break inupon tle monotony oof a sea trip -I bent the shawl on to the signal hal lards that led from the main-topmast head and nsent it aloft in a little ball, ready to break when the gun should be fired. Meanwhlo all was beustle forwards. It is a question whether Jack does not love firing off a cannon even better than beating a drum. liss Jennings walked right aft as far as she could go, holding her lingers in readiness for her ears and saying to me as she passed that sudden noises frightened her. Wilfrid stood alongside of me, glancing with a boyish expression of ex eitement and expectation from tIhe seamen congregated round the gun to the little black ball at tIhe mastheadl. The yacht was slowly overhauline the brig, but almost imperceptibly. The boat maintained an equidistance betwixt us andwas struggling, wabbling and splashing fair in a line with our cutwater and the lee-quarter of the Portuguese craft. The two rowers ex Ihibited no signs of exhaustion, thou h I expected every minute to find one or Both of them give up and disappear, dead beaten, in tihe bottom of their tub. "All ready forward, sir," shouted Finn; "will your honour give us the sign?s when to fire?" As he sung out the group of seamen hustled backwards from tihe gun and thinned into mneagre lines of spectators at a safe distance. "Fire " baowled Wilfrid. There was a glance of flame past the bow port, a roar that tingled througlh the decks into one's very marrow, and the sea turned blind with whlite smoke, iridescent as a cobweb, over tihe bows of the Bride. I tugged at the signal halliards, broke my little ball, and the black shawl floated out fair from the masthead, as sinister a piratic symbol as one could have desired and not an atom theless malignant in significance for wanting the old-fashldoned embellish mentsof the cross-bones and skull. I saw thle Jacks forward looking up at the sight with grinning wonderment. However, it was easy to see by their way of laughing, staring and turning to one another, that they twigged the motive of that wild marine exhibition. I sprang to the peak signal halliards and hauled theenaign down for tihe black flag combined but ill with the Union Jack, and then went to the side to see what tihe brig was about. Either ohs did not understand our meaning, or was resolved not to take any hint from us. She held on doggedly without a touch of thle braces or a shift of the helm by the length of a spoke, withl herpeople watlching us and the pursuing boat from over the taffrail, a cluster of suephur-coloured faces, as they looked at that distance, but har monising excellently well, I thought, with the dingy yellow of the canvas rising in ungainly spaces over their heads and the sickly hue of the brig's hull with its shiny, pease-soup-like reflection in the water to the lift of tIhe squalid fabric upon somen polished brow of swell. . "Wilfrid," cried I, "they don't mean to pick up their boat." "It looks like it," said he, "what's to be done? There's something con foundedly insulting in the rogues' indiffer ence to our gun and colours." "Better consult with Finn," said I. He called ti the skipper, who came to us from the forecastle. "I say, Finn, what re we to do l We don't want those two filthcy fellows aboard this yadct; and yet, if thcat brig don't pick them up, we can't of courme let them remain adrift here." "Arm a boat's crew," said I; "you have weapona enough below. Take those two fellows out of yonder boat and compel the brig to receive them. I'll take charge with pleasure if Finn 'l1 permit." Ficn, a slow, sober, steady old merchlcnt seaman, did not seem to see this. TIc expression of worry made hi. long face comical with the puarled twist at the coernrs of ids mouth, wSlich loked to be, in his countenance, whero most men's nscus are situated.s "Or," said I, observing him to hang in t the wind, "make them really believer that those are the colours we sail under," pointing to the shawl, "by slapping ar round-shot at them in sober earnest, leaving the missle to take its chalnce of f missing or hitting." t "That's it," almost shrieked WVilfrid in t his excitement ; ",yes I that'll save the i botlherotion of boat-lowering and arguefi- d eationand perhaps blood-shed, by George I t Run forward now, Finn, and let fly ac round-shot at that ugly brute; hit her if you can, no matter where, that they may I know we're in earnest, and that they may helieve if they don't heave to we shallt sink them. No remoustrnce, Finn, for heaven's sake I Jump, my dear fellow. Dash it, man," he cried passionately, with a quite furious gesture in the direction of the brig, "that's not the object of our chase I" Finn, with an air of concern but awed also by Wilfrid's temper and insistence,r hurried on to the forecastle. I-watched f them load the gun a second time, and burt into a laugh when I aw two fellows rise out of the foro lhatch, each of them hugging an eighteen-pound shot to his I heart. " Only one ball at a time," shouted I Wilfrid, conceiving very likely that they meant to double shot the gun. "Ay, ay, sir," responded Finn. The crew backed away as before. The stout, whiskered seamen, with a face that I made one think of a red apple snugged in asetting of horse-hair, whlo had previously I fired the gun and who was apparently the Bride's gunner, sighted the piece with a deliberateness that made me expect won ders. VWe all held our breath. I fixed my eye on the brig to observe, if possible, where the shot struck her. Then, crash ! Had the cannon been loaded to the muzzle the blast could not have been more deafening. The tlhunder of it swept with a thrill, out and away fiercer than the tremble of the first shock, through the deck and was almost immediately followed by a loud and fearful yell from the fore castle. I thought the gun had burst. "?erciful powers! What has hap pened 7" cried Wilfrid. Captain Finn came bowling aft fast as his legs would travel, shouting as he ran. "What is itl what is itl" my cousin and I roared out in one voice. "The shot's struck the boat, your huonours, and n?ci hler!" bellowed Finn. I looked, and sure enough where the boat had been there was nothing to be seen but the violet slope of the swell softly drawing out of the cloud of powder- smoke that was settling in lengthening, glisten ing folds towards tlhe brigl Ithought I observed something dark however, and snatching up Finn's telescope from the skylight-top I levelled it and made out the head of the man with the red night rap holding by an oar or bit of wreckage. I shouted out that one of the men was alive in the water. Tihe dismay was uni verosnl, but there wa no disorder, no eommotion, By waiting a little the Bride, oven as she was heading, would hlave floated to the spot where that melancholy red beacon was bobbing; but thle delay this would have involved was not to be dreamt of. With a smartness that excited my admiration, man-of-wars-man as I lhad been in my time, our largest boat, a six oared fabric, with sour old Crimp in the stern- sheets, was lowered and pulled away with splendid precision in tihe direction of the red nightcap. In a few minutes they had got the fellow in-beards; they then hung upon their oars, looking round and round; hut the other unfortunate creature, he of the slouched hat and black and flashing eyes, had found a sailor's grave. I sought with the glass over a broad field of water, but could see nothing. Indeed there was not a vestige left of the boat savewhat the red- capped chaphadelungto. "One of them killedl Heaven have mercy upon us," groaned Wilfrid in my ear, and his appearance was full of dreadful consternation. cLeanwhile the brig ahead was holding steadfastly on, her crowd of people aft gazing at us as bofore. Itook a viewof them; they all held a sort of gaping posture; there were no dramatic gestieula tions, no eager and derisive turning to one another, no pointing arms and backward leanling attitudes. They liad as thunder struck an airas can be imagined in a mob of men, Whatthey supposed us to be nou after our extermination of the boat and one of the two fellows who had sought our assistance, itwas impossible to conjecture. Our boat, that had sped away from us about four times faster than we were moving through the water, hung, with lifted oars, over the spot where ourcannon ball had taken effect until the Bride had slowly surged to within hail ; then up stood sour Crimp. "What are we to dol" "Have you got both men?" bawled Finn, who perfectly well knew that they hadn't, ""o; there was but one to get,and here ho is," and Crimp pointed into the bottom of the boat. "Put him aboard his ship," cried Finn. "1If tloey refuse to receive him, find out if there's o'er a one of 'em that can speak English, and thlcen tell them that if they don't take him we shall are our men and compel 'em to it; and if thaf don't do we'll keep all on firing into 'em till they follow the road that's been took by their jolly-boat." His long face was purple with temper and the effort of shouting, and ie turned it upon Wilfrid, who nodded a fierce excited approval, whilst I cried, "That's it, that's it; they must take 1hm." Crimp held up his hand in token of having heard the captain, tlhcn seated himself; the oars fell and flashed as they rose wet to the sun, every gold-bright bide in a ltne, and thefoam wentspinning away from the bows of the little craft in snow to the magnificent disciplined sweep of those British muscles. In a jiffy she was on the brig's quarter, with Crimp erect in her, gesticulating to the crowd who overhung the rail. I kept the tele scope bearing on them and it seemed to mo that the whole huddle of them jabbered to Crimp all together, an indistinguishable hubbub, to judge from the extraordinary contortions into which every individual figure flung itself, some of them going to the lengths of spinning round in their frenzy, whist others leupt upon the rail and addressed the boat's crew with up lifted arms, as though they called anl sorts of maledictions down upon our men. This went on for a few minutes, then I saw the bow-oar fork out his boat-hcook and drcg the boat to I'o nsin channele, into wlcichl, all very expeditiously, two or three brawny pairs of arms lifted the red eapped mane. Thcen four of our fellows sprang into the chains, handed the little creature over the roil and let him drop in boards. They then re- entered their boat and fell asern of the brig hy a few fathoms, holding their station there by a softjclying of oars, Crimp's notion probably being, as ours was indeed, that the Portuguese crow would presently send our friend the red sap to follow his mate, We waited, watching intently. On au mdden I spied the red-cap in the heart of he mob of men that had clustered again ear the wheel. His gesticulations were I oll of remonstranco ; his people writhed I ound about him in the throes of a Portu meso argument, but it seemed to me as I 'allowed their gestures and their way of I turnig their faces towards us, that their i talk was all about our schooner, as though indeed their mutinous passions hind been I liverted by our cannon-shot in a direction hat boded no particular evil to the red tpped man. "They'll not hurt the creature, I be !lve," said I. '"Call thie men aboard, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid, "and getthe Bride to hercourse." I CIHAPTER XII. a S]CrOaD WAIssO. I AgLEn down the shawl from the masthead, carefully unbent, folded, and gave it to Miss Jennings, who stood with Wilfrid watching the Portuguese brig. VWe had hoisted in our boat, and the men were busy about the decks coiling up after hbring trimmed sail. "Once msore heading a fair course for the Shark," said I with a glance at the omepss. "This has been a neatmorn ing's work. A few incidents of the kind sloul make out a lively voyage." "Oh, but it's dreadful to think of that poor man having been drowned I" ex claimed Miss Jennings. "I was watchling the boat before the gun was fired. In an instant she vanished. She might have been a phantom. She melted out upon the water as a snowflake would. I pressed my eyes, for I could not believe them at first., "Hornrible! " exclaimed Wilfrid in a hollow melancholy voice ; "what had that miserable creature done that we should' take his life Have we insensibly--in sensibly-courted some curse of heaven opon this yacht Who was the villain that did it ?" He wheeled round pas sionately: "Finn- Captain Finn, I sayl" ie shouted. The captain, who was giving directions to some men in the waist, came aft. "Who was it that fired that shet, Finn ?" cried my cousin in his headlong way, jerking his head as it were at Finn with the question, whilst his arms and legs twitched and twisted as though to an electric current. "A man named O'Connor, Sir Wil rid," responded Finn. "Did he do it expressly, think you ?" "I wouldn't like to say tlhat, your honour. The fellow's a blunderhead. I inciuired if there was e'er a man for'ard as could load and sight a cannon, and this ihap stands up and says that he'd sarved for three years in a privateer and was reckond tihe dcadest shot out of a crew of ninety men." '!Call him aft, said Wilfrid. "If he sined at that boat intentionally it's musiider--call him aft.'- - - - Hd?took some impatient strides to and fro with aface that worked like a ship in a seaway with the conflict of emotions within him, whilst Finn, going a little way forward, sung out for O'Connor. lIcanwhile we were rapidly widening the distance between us and the brig. I pro teat it sas with an honest feeling of relief that I watched her sliding into a toy-like shape with promise of nothing showing presently but some radiant film of her top most canvas in the silver azure that streaked by a hand'sbreadth, asitlooked, the whole girdle of the horizon; for one was never to know but that her people might send the red-capped man adrift for us to pick up or worry us in some other way. 'inn arrived, followed by thle Irishman who had discharged the gun ; his immense black whiskers stood out thick, straight, inflexible as the bristles of a ehimnoey sweep's brush, contrasting very extra ordinarily with the bright apple-red of his cheeks and theblue, Hibernian, seawardly eye that glimmered under a dense black thatch of brow. He stood bolt upright, soldier-fashion, with his arms straight up and down by his side like pump-handles, and fixed an unwinking stare upon who ever addressed him. "You fired that gun, Captain Finn says,' exclaimed Wilfrid. "Oi did, your honour." "What made you take aim at the boatl" "Your honour, by the holy eleven, I took aim at the brig. There's something wrong with the pace." "Wrong with the piecol Wbat d'ye mean l" "It was cast with a kink, sort; it dhroops amidships and shoots as Mlisther Crimp's larboard oye peeps, your honour, though loike his eye it manes well." "Nonsense," I cried, "you must have covered the boat to hit it." "By all that's sacred then," cried the man, "I had the natest observation of the brig's maintopmaskt as ever eye coanld bring themuzzle of a pace to soigLt. The gun was cast with a kink, sorr." '"My belief is that you're utterly igno rant of guns," cried Wilfrid. "The con eussion was fiereo enough to shaka the yacht to pieces." "'Twasyourhonour's design tofroighten 'err." "But not to murder them, you dolt I" shouted Wilfrid. "D'ye know I could have you halnged for this i" "It was but a haythen Portuguay, sorr," answered the fellow; preserving his ramrod-liko posture and his unwinking stare. "Tell him to go forward, Finn; tell him to go forward," cried Wilfrid, "and see that he never has any more to do with that gun on any account whatever, dye understand i" The seaman knuckled his forehead and wheeled round, but methought I could just catch a glimpse past bis whisker of a sudden protrusion of the chelek as though he was signalling with his tongue to a brother Jack who was flemish-coiling a rope not very far from where he was standing. The luncheon bell rang and we went below. At table wc could talk of nothing but the unhappy Portuguese whom our round-shot had sent to the bottom. Muffin's face of respectful horror was a feature of the time which I recall more vividly than even the disaster itsalf. This man, though le was in attendance on sWi frid ass valet, regularly stood behind his master's chair at menls. It was Wilfrid's whim to live him at hand. He did not offer to wait unless it was to procure any thing my cousin might require when the stewards were busy with Miss Jennings and myself, or one orboth of them absent. His sir of deferential consternation eas exceedingly fine as he listened to our talk about the annihilated boat and the foun. dered foreigner. "Who," said I with a glance at his yellow visage, tia shecked expression of which he tried to smother by twisting his lips into a sort of shape that might pass as a faint obsequious simpas and by keeping his eyelids lowered, "let us trust was gut in bsyca for then his extinction would be painless ; for, after g all, drowning, though it is reckoned an f agreeable death after consciousnass has fled, is mortal agony, I take it, whilst a the sensation of suffocation remains." d Muffin's left leg fell away with an ex- B ceedingly nervous crooking of it in the s trouser, and he turned up his eyes an n instant to the upper deck with so sickly a roll that, spite of myself, I burst into a w laugh, though I swiftly recovered myself., "It is strange, Charles," exclaimed my n cousin in a raven-like note, "that a ft ghastly incident of this kind should sit so I lightly on your mind, considering that o; you have quitted the sea for years and have led a far more effeminate lifo ashore h than I who have been roughing it on the ocean, when very likely you weroe lounging a with a bored face in an opera stall or dozing Over a cigar in some capacious club a armchair. Had you been chasing slavers Ii or pitching cannon shot into African vii- S lages down totlhe present moment, I could I almost understand your indifference to a o business that's going to haunt me for the a restof my days."9 "Noneuses I" I exclaimed, "it was a fi bad job I admit, but a pure accident, not more tragical than had the beat cap- a sized and drowned the nman. There £ would be nothing in a twenty- fold uglier mishap to haunt you. But I'll tell you what, tlhoughl," I continued, talking on to avert the sentinmental argument which Ic saw strong inWilfrid's face, "the incident c of this morning points a very useful i moral." "What moral 7" he demanded. r "Why, tlat we must not be in too I great a hurry to speak every sail we sight" t " Finn knows my wishes ; we must hear I all we can about the Shark," cried Wilfridr warmly. E "The very vessel that we neglect to speak," exclaimed Miss Jennings softly- I she had spoken but little and it was easyr to see through tile transparency of her un-r affected manner that the tragic affair of i I the morning had made a very deep im I pression on her-" might prove the one ship of all we pass that could most usefully direct us." "Two to oe "said I, giving her a bow sand smiling to the look of coy reproach in her charming eyes; "of oorse, Miss t Jcnnings, I have no more to say. At i least," I added, turning to Wilfrid, "onr the head of speaking pssinga ships, though Sthe moral I find in this forenoon trouble is rnot exhausted." "Well 7" said he a little imperiously, t leaning towards me on one elbow with his nails at his lips and the spirit of restless ness quick as the blood in his veins in revery lineament., I "Well," said I, echoing him, "my ssuggestion is that your long Tom's murderous mission should be peremptorily 1 cut short by your ordering Finn to strike the noisy old barker at once down into f the hold, where he'll be a deuced deal more useful as ballast than as a forecastle etoy for the illustration of Irish humour." a '"No l"shoutedWilfrid, fetchling tietable a whack with his st: "so sayno more I about it, Charles. Strange that yjou, who a Ishould possess the subtlestand strongest of a any kind of human sympathyfor and with ome-I mean the sympathy of blood should so absolutely fail to appreciate my determination and to accept my purpose I That girl there," pointing with his long f arm to Miss Laura. "can read my heart e and, of her sweetness, justify and approve g all she finds there. But you, my dear CIcarles "-he softened his voice though he tcontinued speaking with warmth never theles-" you, my own first cousin, you ato whom my honour should be hardly less e dear than your on--yost would have me r abandon this pursuit-forego every detail rof my carefully prepared programme blink with a cynical laziness at my own a and my infant's degraldation and turn to Stihe law-to the law forsootlh !--for the appeasement or extinction of every just yearning and of every consuming desire of mymanhood No by G-! " heroared, a" fate may be against me, but even her y iron hand can be forced by a heart goaded k as inne has been and is." He rose from the table and withIout p another word went to his cabin. We had been for some time alone-I \- mean that Muffin and the stewards had left us. When my cousin was gone I n looked at Miss Jennings. "Forgive me, MIr. MLonson," she ex claimed with a little blush amid speaking -a with an enchanting diffidence, "but 1 fear-indeed I am sure, that any, even I thelightest, suggestion thalnt runs counte g to Wilfrid's wishes irritates him. And," she added almost in a whisper, "1 think ,a it is dangerous to irritate him." "I have no wish to irritate him, believe it me, bMiss Jennings," said I. "I desire to r hbe of some practical help, and my recom r, mendations have no other motive. But I give you my word if this sort of thing 'e goes on I shall grow selfish, nay, alarmed if you like.' I certainly never anticipated e these melodramatic displays, these traric e rebukes, when I accepted his offer of the d voyage. Pray consider: if Wilf, poor i fellow, should grow worse, if his actions should result in exhibiting him as irre a- sponsible, what's to be done H eaven r- forbid that I should say a word to alarm to you"--sle shook her head with a smile: I was a little abashed but proceeded never n theless-"we are not upon dry land here. .The ocean is as full of tihe unexpected as it is of fish. Finn isa plain steady man ! with brains enough, but then lie is not in command in the sense that a captain is in , command when we speak of a ship whose is skipper is lord paramount. Ie will ohbey g saWilfridorders, andIsay, MissJennings, with all submission to your engaging, to li your beautiful desires as a sister, tIlt if d Wilfrid's humour is going to gain on him is at the rate at which I seem to find it re growing, it will be my business, as I am certain it will be my duty for everybody's id sake as well as for yours and his own, so Id to contrive this unparalleled pursuit as to a end it swiftly." ;h She was silent-a little awed, I think, a by my emphatic manner, perhaps by a a certain note of sternness, for 1 had been as irritated, besides beingnervous; and then, again, my distaste for the trip worked very st strongly in me whilst I was talking to her. ig We were a somewhat gloomy ship for ar the rest of the day. I noticed that the a. seamen wore tolerablygrave faces at their a several jobs, and it was easy to gather re that, now they had had time to digest the I incident of the morning it was as little to 1- their taste as it was to ours aft. Indeed is itwas impossible to tell what kind of omen l's they might manufacture out of so tragic otan affair. Sailor were very much more y- superstitious in those days than they ar lie nose; the steam fiend hias wonderfully cleared the atmosphere of thie forecmstlo, and the sea- goblin has long since made his as final dive from the topgallnt-roil to keep 1k company with thie mermaid in her secret s- bower of coral in a realm fathoms deep a beneath the ocean ooze. O'Connor tried ed very hard to look as if se felt that on the hy whole he almost deserved to be hanged at for his blunderxome extermination of tile 'or Portugeo heathen; at least this seemed let his air when, as he sat stitching on a cal i oin the waist, he suspected a quarterdeck aze tobo directed athim. But it is hard e or a man with merry blue oeyes and cheeks n reritably grinning with ruddiness in the a subrco of a hugo hearty pair of carefully c loctored whiskers to look contrite. The [rismanm did his best, but I laughed to io how the instant he forgot his part h atunrejovially broke ot in himagain. c Crimp had charge that afternoon, and al rhen I arrivedon deckwith a cigar inmy nouth, leaving Miss Jennings and her tl said hanging together over a hat whose h `eather in some way or other had gone fi wrong, I asked the mate what was his n )pinion of the accident of the morning. "Ain't got any opinion about it at all," d se answered. h "LItwas an accident, let us believe," a aid I. d "Pure hignornce more like," he anawered. "That there O'Connor'oregu arly ate up with pride. He's all bounce. o ays he's descended from kings and if he t had hisrights he'dbe at thehead o' Ulster tl sr some such place as that 'stead of an a ble seaman. ie know anything 'bout c iring off cannons l" making a horrible I tae and going to thle side to spit. t "Did they understand whsat you said aboard the brig wlhen you talked to them t from the boat?" "Ne'er a word." "Was the red-capped man hurth?' "Dazed. Eyes pretty nigh out on's r cheeks. Hre was too full o' salt water to curse, I allow, so when we Ihauled him a into the boat he fell on his knees and I prayed. A bloomin' poor job; a measlyc mean business! Knsocking of a boat toa pieces an' drownding of a man. What's I the good o' that tlhere gunl Only fit to e kick upsa plaguey shindy. Next time ita may bust and then, stand byl I forI once t see an explosion." "Is there anything wrong with the I piece as O'Connor suggestsl" said I, muchh I enjoying the old chap's sourness, whichl I may say was not a little in harmony with my mood that afternoon. "Couldn't tell if ye offered me allye was worth. My business ain't guns. I I shipped to do my bit, and my bit I'll do, but the line's chalked a mighty long way this side o' hordnance." I walked on to the forecastle to inspect the gun for myself. O'Connor watlched me with the whole round of his face, broad and purple as the rising moon. The gun was of an elderly fashion, hut it looked a very substantial weapon, with a murderous grin in the gape of it, and a long slim tlsroat thatwarrnnted a venomous delivery. The kink the Irishman spoke of was alto gether in his eye I returned to the quarterdeclck, relighted my cigar, stowed myself comfortably away in the chlair 1 had at an earlier hour pro cured for Miss Jennings, and pulling from my pocket a little handy edition of one of WValter Scott's novels, was speedily trans ported leagues away from the oceanby the spells of that delightful wizard. Thus passed tile afternoon. Iiss Jennings re sained below, and WVilfrid lay hid in his cabin. It was very pleasant weather, The skywas aclearblue from lineto line, with just a group of faint bronzed-brewed clouds of a dim cream at tihe horizon loom ing in the azure air far away down in the north-west. The wind was cool though salt, a pleasant breeze from tile east with a trifle of northing in it, and very steadily the yacht travelled quietly over the plain of twinkling waters, cradled by a soft western heaving. She made no stir for wards saving now and again asound as of tihe pressure of a light foot upon tinderish brushwood; every sail that would draw was packed on her, to her triangular lower studdingsail, the reflection of which waved in the tremulous blue like a sheet of quicksilver, fluctuating as it drained downwards. Still it was dull work. I would often break away from Scott to send a glance at the skylight where I could just get a peep at the ruddy glow of Miss Laura's hair, as she sat at tihe table with hier maid near her, and heartily wished sise would join me. Crimp's company was like pickles, a very little of it went a long way. Had etiquette permitted, I should have been glad to go amongst the men and yarn with them, for I could not doubt there was a store of amusing experiences lying behind some of the rugged hairy countenances scattered about the decks. Indeed, no summons ever greeted my ear more cheer fully than tile first dinner bell; for whletlhecr one has an appetite or not, sitting down to a meal on boeard shipiis something to do. Nothing that need make apart of this story happened that night. Wilfrid was reserved, but Ihis behaviour and the little he said were collected enougl to make one wonder at tihe lengths he would occasion ally go the other way. He brought a largo diary from les cabin, and sat writing in it up to a short while before going to bed. I cannot imagine what he had to put down, unless, indeed, he were posting up the book from some old date. It found him occupation, however, and he was a good deal in labour, too, throughout, I thought, often biting the feather of Ihis pen, casting his eyes up, plunging his fingers into his hair and frowning upon the page, and comporting himself, in a word, as though be were composing an epic poem. I played at beggar-my neighbour with blios Jennings, showed her some tricks at cards, and she told my fortune. She said she could read my future by looking at my land, and I feel the clasp of her fingers still, and smenll the perfume of her hair; and behold the bright ness of it, and see her poring upon my palm, talking low that Wilfrid should not be disturbed, tracing the lines with arosy finger-nail, with an occasional lift of her eyes to mine, the violet of them dark as hazel, and brilliant in the oil flames--it might have happened an hour ago, so keen is this particular memory. It was as peaceful an oceannighlt as any man could imagine of the weather up in the seas whichl our yacht was still stem ming; moonless, for the planet rose late now, but spacious and radiant with stars. There was the phantasm of a craft when I went on deck about a mile on the bow of us, in the spangled dusk looking like ice, so fine and delicate was the white of her canvas, but no notice was taken of her. Finn trudged over to the gloom to leeward when I rose up through thehatch, possibly mistaking me for my Cousin, and mauni. festly anxrious to shirk the job of havime anytihing to do with the stranger. I watched her pass--a mere wraith of a ship she looked, sliding her three stately spirms that seemed to melt upon the eye-s yen watched them under the red tremble and green and diamond-like sparkling of the luminaries which looked down upon her. By the time she had faded out like a little puffof steam in tse dumb shadow astern, my pipe was smoked out, and I went be low and to bed, sarce having exchanged three words with Finn, and musing much on my fortune that Is.. Laura had read in my hand-- that my "line of life" was very long, thatinuniddielife I should meet with a woman wseO would fascinate me, but that, nevertheless, I should die as I had lived, abachlsor. - Next morning Wilfrid did not appoar ab the brcakfsgt- table. Iluflin informed eo that his master had passed a very bad sigh; had not closed his eyes, indeed, nd for hour after hour had paced the - =abin, sometimes going on deck. ;'Ja he /1, do you think ?" linquircd: "Not exactly ill, sir," he answered in ais slcekest manner, with the now familiar rook of one knee and his arms hanging raight op and down. "What then " I demanded, perceiving hat the fellow had more to say, though is very humble and obsequious respect ulness would not suffer him to express nuch a time. "-I fear, sir," he exclaimed, looking town, "that yesterday's 'orrid tragedy as preyed upon hisnerves, which, as you re of course aweer, sir, is uncommonly lelicate." I thought this probable, and, as the man man going to his master's cabin with a cup of tes from the breakfast table, I told him to give Sir WVilfrid my love and to say that I should be glad to look in and sit with him. He returned to tell me my aousin thanked me, but that he would be leaving his berth presently, and would hen join me in a pipe on deck. There was a fresh breeze blowing, and the yachlt was plunging through it in a snowstorm, rising buoyant to the bow surge with a broad dazzle of racing water aver the leerail and a smother of white roaring in a cat:ract from under her ounter. There was wind in the misty shiningof the sun and in the spaces of dim blue between the driving clouds. The ocean was gay with tints, flying cloud. hadows of slate, broad tracts of hurrying blue rich and gloriously fresh, with a ceasless flashing of the heads of the dis solving billows, dashes of lustrous yellow to the touch of the sun that, you would see, sweeping a rusty ball of copper through a mass of smoke-like vapour, and then leaping out, moist and rayless, into suom speeding lagoon of clear heaven. The horizon throbbed to the walls of the dimness that circled time line all the way round, and my first glance was for a ship; hut all was bare ocean. From time to time the fellow on the topgallantyard ogled the slope over either bow in a way that made me imagine some sort of hope of the Shork heaving into view had come to the sailors out of this rushing morning. I waited for Miiss Jennings, thinking she would arrive on deck ; but, after stumping to and fro for a half-hour or thereabouts, and passing the skylight, I saw herand Wilfrid in close conversatioi standing ahnost directly beneath, he gesticulating with great energy, but speaking in a sub dued voice, and she watching him with a troubled face. Passing the skylight augain, a little later on, I caught sight of WVil frid's figure marching up and down witllh irregular broken strides, whilst the girl, leaning with herhand upon the back of a clmhair, continued to gaze athim, with now and again a little movement of the arm which suggested that slhe was endeavour ing to reassure or to reason with him. I got alongside of Finn and fell into a yarn with him. One thingled to anotlher, andLady'Iomon's name was neintioncd., "Was shea pleasant lady?" said I. "Ay, to look at, yourhonour. Up to the hammer. A little too much of her, some folka might think, but such eyes, sir l such teeth l and tolk of figures!" and herehe delivered a low prolonged whistle of admiration. "She was a tolerably amiable lady, I supposeo?" said I carelessly. "Well, sir, if you'll forgive me for say ing of it, that's just what she sarni't," he replied. "She was one of them parties as can be very glad and very sorry for themselves and for nobody else. She steered Sir Wilfrid as I might this here Brile. She needed but to set her course and the craft answered the shnft of helm right away off. Ye never saw hcr, sir ?" "'Never." "Wecll, she hadn't somelhow the appear. ance of what I tarm a marrying woman. Slhe looked to be one of them splendid females as can't abide husbands for the reason that, being made up of wanity, nothing satisfies 'em but the sort of admi ration that sweetlhearts feels. I took notice once that, she being seated in a cheer, as it might be there," said hlie, indi cating a part of the deck with a nod of his long head, "Sir WVilfrid draws up along side of her to see if she were comfortablo and if he could run on any errand for her; she scarcely gave him a look as she answeredshlort, as tiough his merely being near fretted her. But a minute arter up steps a gent from the cabin, the Honour able lir. Lacy, and dawdles up to her, pulling at hisbit of a whisker and showing of his teeth over a long puking of 'Haw I lanws l' and 'Yaases;' and then see the change in her ladyship I Gor bless my heart and soul, your honour, 'twarn't the same woman. She hadn't smiles enough for this here honourable. Her voice was like curds and whey. She managed the colour in her cheeks, too, somehow and bloomed out upon the poor little dandy when a minute afore her face to her hus tand was as blank as a custard. No, hIr. Monson, sir, her ladyship wasn't a marry ing woman. She was one of them ladies meant by natur to sit in a gilt cheer in thl heartof a crowd of young men all a-bowing to and a-worshipping of her; very diffe. rent from her sister, sir, That little lady down below there I allow'll have the true makings of an English wife and an English iaother in her, for all she's an Austrlian, "I suppose, then, you were not very much surprised when you heard of Lady Mouson's elopement?" . "No more surprised, your honour, than a man can be when a thing that he's been expecting has happened. But she's not going to stick to tihe Colonel. If his honour don't overhaul the Shark and separate 'em she'll be separating herself long afore the time it ud occupy the schooner to sail round the world. Lord love 'ce, sir; if I were to hear of her hecloping with some African king, atop of an elephant, it wouldn't surprise me. When a woman like her allows a chap to cut her scable he must be a wiser man tian e'er a prophetof them all thalnt's writ about who's going to tell you where the hull'll strand or bring up." As he delivered himself of these words Sir Wilfrid showed in the hatch handing Mliss Jennings up the ladder, and mycom. panion started away on a lonely quarter deck walk. The girl looked very grave and worried; my cousin, gaunt and hag gard, with a fire in his weak, protruding eyes that was like the light of fever or of famine. He grasped ny hand and held it wvhist le sent a look round. I spoke lightly of the fine breeze and- the yacht's pace and the good runs we should be making if this weather held, finaing some. thing in his instant's assumption of a hearty demeanour, a sort of attained" liveliness far more affecting than his melanchloly, that was like a request to me not to venture upon any sort of personal inquiries. He called to Finn to know th., speed, then said, "Charles, give Laura your arm, will you I There's too much` wind to sit. She looks a little pele,.bun.: few turns will give roses to her cheeks. - My head aches, and I must keep below out of this ir till I sm better." . I liss Jennings took my?arnn for therg: would happen a frequent lee asig with a rise of the bowand a long slantieg rush to the whole weight of the cloths till you eould have spooned up the white water over the side with your hand that rendered walking difficult and fatiguing; very soon I placed chairs :inder-the weather bulwarke, enugieg herwithrugs. and shawls, and in the cofparutive ain. of that shelter we were able to' converse. "Willfrid looks very ill this morning," sid I. "Ho has had nsoother warning," the answered. "The deucelo hlhas Whcnt" " Last night" SWhassorta of warning is it this time 7" "Lprecielythe same as the first one," the replied. - . ' I as "iiectdh but not surpriseiid," said L - "Iery much fear he is going from d to Worse. I still hold with the views i txrrssed-last evening: A time may, l.y a time must comne, whlen you yourself, Miss Jennings, ardent as is your sisterly desire, will look to me for some resolution that shall preserve us and himself too from the schemes of a growing distempIr." She was silent. "Did he tell you," I continued, "the nature of the warning 1 "Yes," she answered. "In confidence ? if so of course- " "No," ahe interrupted, "he came from his cabin after breakfast when you had gone on deck, and I saw at once that something was very wrong with him. I was determined to get at the truth and questioned him persistently, and then he told me all-" " All !" exclaimed I, opening my eyes, for the word seemed to indicate some very large matter lying behind his confession. "What he has seen," sbo said, "for -se nights running has been a mysterious writing upon his cabin wall." "Humnph I" said I. "Do you remember, MIr. Mronson, that he told us of a dream in which lie had seen a boat with a sort of aig?-board in it on which was inscribed the word Monday in letters of flame? VWell, he sees the same sort of fiery scrawl now in his cabin." W"What is the miture of the messcge t" "He sma that the words are 'I?arour o BEnY I" "Ho has dreamt this," said I, "orit is some wretcehed htrick of the sight or brains ; but I would rather believe it a dream." "'It is an illusilon of some kind no doubt,1' she exclaimed, "but it is strange that it should occur, be thie cause what it sill, on to-o successive nights and much about the same time. No wonder the posr fellowis depressed this morning. It Is not.only that he fears this warning as signifying that something is seriously wrong with baby, and that it is a mysterious command to him to return to her at once; he dreads that it may occur again to-night and to-morrow night, con tinuously indeed, until it actually drives him mad by obliging him to make up his mind either to neglect his child or to abandon his pursuit of his wife." "The long and short of it is, Miss Jen sings," said I, "that when it comes to one's being thrown with a man whose mind is a misfit that's apt to shift like an ill-stewed cargo to any breeze of wind that heels the craft over, one must 'stand by,' as sailors say, for troublesome half hours and bewilderingly unexpected con frontmente." But there was no use in my telling her the wish was strong in my mind tlmt if it was to be Wllfrid's unhlappy destiny to grow worse, then thie sooner he acted in such away as to force all hands to see that it would be at his own as well as at our peril to leave him at large and to suffer him to preserve control over tie move ments of the yacht, and by consequence the lives and fortunes of those who sailed in herl, the better; for I protest that even in thie thick of my talk with the girl I never sent a glance at the white roal of spisiing waters twisting and roaring awVay alongside without a sense of the absurdity of thie whole business, thie aimlessness of thie pursuit, thie futility of it as a project of revenge, its profound idleness as a schleme of recovering Lady BsIoson, guess ing, as anyone could from my cousin's talk and from what Laura Jemnings had let fall, that if Wil?rid seleud succeed in regaining his wife he wouldn't know what in the world to do with her 1 (To be continued.) 