V " AS OTHERS SEE US." . Verbiage of the "Cultured" B.O. Organ. '' Hon. Daniel O'Connor has asserted in the New'Sontb Wales Legislative Assembly that the Freeman' 8 Journal is the organ of the "cultured classes of Roman Catholics, while for the Protestant Standard he has nothing but natural papal loathing. It is well, there- fore to see what sort of pabulum is apprecia ted by the " cultured " Romanists ; and it is well for Protestants and Orangemen to hear what the organ of the cultured Romanists has to say about the July Orange celebrations, if it were only to prevent them becoming self-conceited. Now Hon. Daniel O'Connor has especially commended the writings of Mr. Hunt, who writes, under the name of "The Flaneur," wearisome, strained attempts at humour ; but upon whom Mr. O'Connor looks as a, prince of humourists. Now the jOrange celebrations this year were through out all the colonies celebrated with increased .spirit and numbers. At the central demon stration in the great Exhibition Building in Sydney, the vast assemblies at the servioe on Sunday and the oelebration on Monday, .were larger than even the previous great gatherings. The yearly increasing numbers that attend the Orange gatherings is as gall 'and wormwood to the writers in the Freeman's ' Journal. No other body oan collect such an 'immense gathering of respectable oitizens. The increasing numbers, to ordinary minds, are ' proofs of the vitality and growing strength of Orangeism ; but the Freeman's writers try ; to shot their eyes to the plain faot, and try to persuade their Boman readers that the Orange cause is decaying ; and then in their exas peration calling Orangemen bad names, is the hnnionr which is famished to the cultured Bomanists to enjoy, if this writing delights the " cultnred " olasB of Bomans, there mnet be a lower depth still, and what sort of writing would the nnonltnred class favour ? Mr.Hunt, who has published glorious en comiums from the proprietor of the'FVeman's Journal, as well as from Hon. Daniel O'Oon- nor, M.L.A., writes : — " The " Glorious Twelfth " is now a glorious "frost." Time was when what Brother Btephen calls "men of mark" — hot men of the " broad arrow " mark— but fighrists and soientifio spellers, such as John Davies — crashed in to obtain the foremost places on the platform, and thundered forth defiance to Borne, or shonted panegyrics on King Billy of immortal and immoral memory. To-day they slink in by baok doors, stand behind pillars, and remain as mute as so many fried oysters. These men are wise in their generation. They plainly see that Orangeism is at its last gasp, and when the leprous thing gives up the ghost they will be the first to rise and kiok the corpse. It has served their tarn, and now, like the Chinese, Orangeism " must go." As for the few fanatical bigots who, not having sense enough left to come in oat of the wet when it rains, Btill hold on and declare they are prond to be called " Orange men," they are beneath notice, and remind one forcibly of the lines in Macbeth— 1 Morderer— ' ' We are men, my liege." Macbeth — " Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men ; As hounds, and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs, Shoughe, water- rugs, and deml-wolves are 'eleped All by the name of dogs I " " There is certainly bitterness and malice but has nothing fnnny. That however is written to suit the tastes of the more cultured Bomanists 1 Then follows another paragraph whose only attempt at humour appears to be talking of " the followers of King Billy " : — " Bedfern Stephen . . . give the battered ont cause away at less than cost price," &o.; Farther on this delightful wit speakB of Mr. " Vivian's side-splitting ... appeal to the pimple headed men and vinegar-faced women by whom he was Bnrronnded to "band together as one .man, and unite by setting aside all dif ferences, when tbey would be like the Book of Ages, beautifnl to look upon, . loyal, and respected by a'L" Well might . "Uncle" Abigail exclaim when be reads that lot, " Oh, that I were there to be written down as ' beautifnl to look upon, and respeoted by all who knew me.' " In the conntry the " Glorious Twelfth " says Flaneur again, "fell even flatter than it did in the city." Bat the fact was that except in a few places where rain interfered, the attendances were large, or larger than ever. He mentions the Bev. Dill Macky in tbiB humourous (?) way : — " At Mndgee this f anat- . ical firebrand plainly said be felt none of that tolerant spirit whioh had animated the previous speakers, and he had not the slightest sympathy with Boman Catholicism whatever. And this is the man who on Snndavs prates of brotherly love and charity 1 " ' We fail to see how want of sympathy with the false God- dishonouring papal religion, shows any want of charity and brotherly love. In one portion of his Mndgee address, the Flaneur proceeds, the Bev. Dill-Maoky said — "They found Borne planting sohsols and convents in every quarter of the country. The priest domineered over the parents, aDd compelled them to' take their children away from the light of Pnblio sohools to walk in the darkness of the Ohurch schools. While they did this, too, they also endeavonred to put their teachers in control in the Public schools, whereby they could also effect their intention." 1 Now that is trne enough, and is acknow ledged by the Boman church. It is only by continually . threatening the parents with the displeasure of the chnreh and deprivation of the sacraments, that the Boman Oatholics are persuaded to send their children to the papal schools instead of to the state schools. There have been several pnblio instances of refusal of burial rites to Romans who had insisted on sending their children to the state schools. Bat Flaneur tells this elegant story to say that it is all ' a lie.' . He writes — "I will not insult our readers by noticing the above further than to observe that it reminds me of Hans Becker's story of how be fought the bear. Bound the cheerful tap-room fire Hans related how the terrible grizzly came upon him one day when he had " no gun, no axe, no veppon of any kindt to defend him self." "You were in a tight place, _ then," remarked one of the audience. " Vait till I dole you," said Hans. "Der bear he make my neck for a grab yoost as I was gettih' der fence over, nnd I vish I hed ten poundtsfor efery time I was scared ven he put his big paws ronndt me." What did yon do in that dilemma ? " asked the landlord. " I didn't do nodding mit der dilemma," replied the mighty hunter ; " he vasn't dere at all, bat I yoost reaohed pehindt me, and palls oudt my pig pntcher's knife nnd my leedle bistol " "Hold on, Hans," shonted a listener, "I've got yon this time. Yon said you hadn't any weapons about yon. Your story lacks con sistency." " Did I say I badt no veppons ?" asked the narrator as he slowly soratohed his head. "Yon did." "Ah," sighed Hans, " veil it makes nodding of a difference. It's all a tamdt lie I'm tellin' yon anyhow yon dakes it." So also, Mr. Dill- Macky 's story "laoks consistency "—not to put too fine a point upon the subject." 