WALKER VERSUS SOLOMON. When shall wo get a GoTernnient that will set seriously about clearing away from tho path of this country's progress the dxy. bones of those numerous doad statutes ovor which innocent people aro constantly coming to grief ? Thore is work here worthy of our most ambitious'' statesmen, and whoever takes it intelligently in hand may make sure of a liberal-minded community's lasting gratitude. Nothing is moro anomalous or moro annoying than lo_ liavo the ghost of some ancient antipodean monarch unexpectedly popping up anil taking tho place on our Supromo Court bench of a living New South Wales judge and laying down his antiquated law in. Hat duiianco of public opinion. Yet such instances are by no means rare and very frequently glaring injustices as well as grinning anomalies arise under them. Tho spirit of most of the past century British legislation has long departed from this community and the laws which it gavo life to can therefore only be tolerated in our Statute Book while they remain inoperative. They wore conceived in more or less indepen dence of public opinion, which at tho present day is tho only sourco from which law can possibly spring. It is only by sinking into tho darkness of desuetude that they can hold their places ill tho ' Statute Book at all, and in this position they remain A3 stumbling blocks ovor which someone has to fall and got injured beforo society is made awaro of their existence. As a rule, after a legal acci dent of this kind puhlio opinion insists upon having the pnrtieular statute which caused the mishap removed out of the people's way, but this is at bost a slow and unsatisfactory process of reform. What is wanted is a thorough nnd searching revision pf our Statute Book so as to oliminate tho whole of its admittedly obsolete elements and bring its contents into harmony with modern public opinion. The liecossity for a work of this kind was never moro clearly pointed out than in the judg ment given by the Full Court yesterday in tho case of Walker versus Solo mon. Tho facts of this caso, tho commence ment of which dates back to last October, our readers aro already familiar with. Mr. Walker, as the accredited represontativo of tho Sabbatarian party, proceeded against Mr. John Solomon, a well-known theatre proprietor, for the purpose of preventing bim from continuing tho Sunday concerts which have lately be- como a. feature in tho social life of this city. Whether that feature is a good ono or a bad ono is a question upon which everybody is nt liberty to enjoy his own opinion. The point to no considered horo, liowover, is whether tho duly- consiitutcd law of tho country was contravoned by Mr. Solo mon in nllowing Sunday music in his theatre or not. Tho concerts were being conducted under a regular licenso issued by tho Colonial Secretary in tho way that tho law of tho country with regard to theatres lias provided, and public opinion, to Which he was directly responsible for the issuing of such license, clearly endorsed it. To any law duly evolved from the popular will of this colony, therefore, Mr. Walker found that his appoal for tho suppression of Sunday concerts would be in vain. Ho consequently searched the obsolete portion of our Statute Book for some old and disused instrument of arbitrary power, which he discovered in tho shape of au Act of George III. under which the holding of a Sunday concert en tailed liability to a fine of £200, Tho question which- tho Full Court had to finally decide yesterday, there fore, was whether in this matter of Sunday concerts we were to bo ruled by the public opinion of New South Wales or by an ancient gentleman of loose morals and Gorman extraction who once had the luelc to occupy the throne of England. If Mr. Walker is a man of patriotic instincts ho will feel keenly humiliated by tho fact that upon this pointHhe Court was bound to decide in favor of his appeal to tlio latter autho rity. Tho judges, however, unanimously apologised to public opinion for this humiliation which they were obliged to inflict upon it, nnd pointed out that tho remedy, was in tiio people's own hands. A revision of tho Statute Book was sug gested ivith the view of bringing the law into lino with popular will, which Mr. Walker as a good citizen should be amongst tho first to support. He as a Now South Wales citizen is as much discomfited as his opponent by this verdict, nnd, therefore, in that capacity we aro sure that ho would rather be eon- doled with than congratulated upon his peculiar victory. AVhether tho joy of Mr. Waliceu, tho Sabbatarian, in tins triumph will com pensate for tho humiliation of Mr. Walker, the citizen, is of course for himself to say. Be that as it tnay, however, tho necessity for following tho judges' suggestion remains tho same. As to the social expediency of permit ting Sunday concerts, it is somewhat late in the day for that question tn bo raised. Even the Churches have before them tlio fact that with a very largo proportion of the community the Sundtiy is to bo a day either of rational or of irrational recreation. As tliey will' not spend it on their marrow-bones, the choice with this section is simply be tween amusing themselves or moping .in demoralising and oppressive idleness. What do fltlic Sabbatarian sects hope 'to gain by invoking the ghost, of ancient despotism for tho pur pose of forcing the latter alternative upon rationai-mindod and liberty-loving men ? We leave that to themselves to say, but any ono may venture tho asser tion that the, broad interests of morality and social, progress will not benefit by such an obviously irrational procedure. Tho time has come anyhow when the right to invoko any outside coercive power in these matters to overrule the force of our owu public opinion should belong to no one. For that reason the revision of the Statute Book ought to bo undertaken at the first opportunity so as to expunge from it tho whole of those dangerous instruments of past tyranny of the existonco of which nobody knows until attention is called to tliem by their being availed of to stifle freedom and hamper progress. 