FEMALE COMPOSITOES. To the Editor. Sir, — In last night's issue of your journal a sub-leader appears, under tho above heading, commenting adversely on the action of the New South Wales Typographical Association for reject ing the following resolution, which was moved by an individual who is now no longer earning his livelihood as a compositor, and who was illegally allowed by the president of our association to submit his motion to the meeting, for the reason that since the said individual went into 'pastures new' he did not make himself financially qualified to vote on matters typographical : ' In accordance with clause II of 'Interpretation of Eules' such an alteration of the rules of the New South Wales Typographical Association be made as will allow the admission «f female compositors, who may be duly qualified, and may agree to claim equal rates of pay for equal hours of labor with men.' Tou say ' it is a pity the proposal made was rejected;' and that 'women have shown an aptitude as to their right to compete in that direction.' I maintain that if the reso lution had been ?? carried it would have been a decided inducement for parents to appren tice their daughters to the trade. The supply has been for years, and is now, greatly in excess of the demand. The occupation of a compositor is by no means a healthy one ; and how would women fare when it is well known they are more liable to ailments than men ? A resolution of the kind is a direct blow at trades unionism. In sup port of this contention, it is only necessary to refer to that once stronghold of unionism, Auck land (N.Z.), but now, alas ! the ' rat-hole ' of non- unionists, caused wholly through the employment «f females in order to have cheaper labor and greater profits; and it is deplorable the amount of lar rikinesses that now swell the streets in that city tfliB £b UUllSei^U-C^l^C rT UCLO J.C3 l/UY JULUlru IT1JU nvmu take unto himself a wife one who had ' served an apprenticeship' in a printing office ? I trust the day is far distant when -women shall play such sad havoc with the printing trade in New South Wales as they have done in Auckland (N.Z.), and also to the tailoring trade in Sydney. Idiosyncrasies are to be found in every community, to whom it does not matter whether women per form men's work, and vice versa, as long as they are not affected thereby. Eveiysne knows that the Chinese have completely spoiled the cabinet making business of Europeans in Sydney. And we might just as well let the Chinese compete in all the other trades as allow our females ; for it assuredly means cheap labor and the downfall of i trades unionism. There are plenty of avenues for female labor if they will only avail themselves — avenues for which they are more suitable and more intended. Tour semer morning contemporary and the Melbourne Argus and Age are teeming every morning with advertisements wanting females for their proper calling, and at goed wages, too; but, unfortunately, many of our females are too ' high-toned,' while others again have too much of the ' tomboy' about them. — Yours. &c;, JOHN M'MILLAN, Board Member Typographical Association. July 31, 1890. I ??-*' ^***-* UVMIX VW1J WMbV«.IAVI.IWV UUU VUIMW 4-%/JL I-UV J. JUW graphical Association has been put by Mr. M'Millan in a very persuading light, as far as public opinion is concerned, or in a very nattering one as regards the Typographical Association itself. Mr. M'Millan's assertions amount to this — that the calling of a compositor is one which should be limited to men, and which no woman can follow without injury to her health and morals ; the natural inference from the latter statement being, of course, that compositors are a decidedly immoral class. We should, however, be very sorry to believe anything of the sort. What Mr. M'Millan alleges with respect to the female compositors of Auckland is, we have reason to know, quite as unfounded as tbe charge which he so strangely manages to bring against the general character of the men whose cause he undertakes to champion. His remarks as to the unhealthy nature of the work from which he wishes to ex clude women will carry very little weight. The work may not, indeed, be the very healthiest for either men or women, but it is certainly a great deal healthier than many occupations which are con sidered natural for women, even including so undoubtedly feminine a one as dressmaking. Mr. M'Millan's fears as to women compositors cutting down the price of labor, and the parallel he insti tutes between such rivals and Chinese cabinet makers, are rather matters for amusement than for serious comment. — Ed. E. 3SL] The Htr Pao, a native Chinese paoer, states : ' We have now flourishing copper mines in Yunnan, silver mines at Mao-lang, goid mines at Moh-ho, and coal mines at K'aip'inp. There is also much gold buried in the earth in the south-west parts of Iliasutai, Mongolia, the territory of the Sain Noin Kh&lkhas.; But the Government is so afraid of disorder arising from the flocking of adventurers to the mines if they were opened, that it keeps a condon of twenty-two k'a-lnns, or barracks, to prevent their access to this El Dorado, and a Mongol djassak, or head of a tribe or banner, is held personally responsible for their protection. The general at Sanh-sing, in Kirrn, has reported to the provincial goverment that a man wan recently arrested for unlawiully digging for gold. On examination he stated that in the Gummer of last year he and four others went to work at the gold diggings in the Eastern Hills. While they were there a patrol came to the place, and the officer in command of it promised not to interfere with the miners if' they would pay him 8oz of gold duBt. This amount they duly handed' to one of the soldiers. The officer, nis lieutenant, and the man im plicated strenuously deny this statement ; but the memorialists, who appear to , believe in the truth of it, reqnest that they may be regularly placed on their trial.' .. Half adoaf is better than the dyspepsia. His mother (suddenly opening pantry door) : 'Here now, sir, what are you doing up there?' Tommy: 'Oh, nothin' ma; nothin.' Fm jist looking for my Sunday-school lesson sheet; ifs got lost, somehow.' 'This,' said the museum lectureri 'is the far famed phantom Fiametta.' ' I don't see no phantom,' said one of the audience. ' Well, that ain't my fault. She's there. If you can't see a ghost, you can't blame me.' Florist (to committee): ' Yottwant an appro priate floral design, do you ? W£& was the -jp£e- dent's business?' Spokesman: 'He was an attorney.' Florist : ' How would something in the shape ef a iyxe strike you ?' 