WHISPERS AT THE WINGS. By "Q." Sunday was a bit warm, and I contented myself with lolling about and reading seven columns of the London "Daily Telegraph" notices of the London pantomimes, and having a snap shot at the just published life and works of the late T. W. Robertson of Caste fame, Richard-Henry's fables of the footlights, Misery Junction, and Hood's Comic Annual. They're all worth your while getting and reading. In case you can't pick them up. I'll tell you something about two of them at least. For Heaven's sake ! let some of our panto- mime notice writers read Clement Scott's article on Cinderella, at Her Majesty's. They might just learn a wee bit of how to do these things in the appropriately light and airy style. From all I can read, Her Majesty's excels Drury Lane pantomime this year, but it is altogether a pantomime of paintings and procession, and is " the richest feast that has ever been presented to a holiday audience. And just on this point Scott has some very nicely and pertinently put remarks — remarks which just now you can more particularly appreciate. "The question is," says he, "when will this delight in costliness and magnificence cease ? When will fun, comic songs, individual humor, a well- told story, and a well-planned burlesque yield to this incessant demand for silks, satins, embroideries, needlework, beautiful apparel, and beads ?" Cinderella as told at the Haymarket Opera House is not a pantomime at all as old-fashioned people understood a pantomime. The elements of fun and mimicry are almost wholly omitted. It is not a nursery book legend, for the cleverest child would with difficulty pick up the threads of the tale. It is not a bur- lesque, for it chaffs and parodies nothing in this world. It is not fanciful, because, the artists who understand grace and proportion and daintiness, and art, are thrust out of the way. It is not comic, for no one, how- ever much endowed with humor has time to be funny. As a play it has no beginning, middle, or ending. It is destitute of dra- matic consistency. Mr Charles Harris, who has produced the pantomime, has had carte blanche, he con- tinues. No expense has been spared, all that the silk-weaving looms can turn out, all that modern arts of applied embroidery can provide all that the makers of passementerie and bead-work and needlework and armor can fling at his feet, he has had to gratify his craze and his processional frenzy. Actors may want to be funny, authors may desire to get in a joke here and there, song writers may be prepared with a ballad, actresses may modestly suggest that they are paid to be charming and amusing. Away with them. Away with the art of pantomime. Away with story-book Cinderella. Away with a merry little personage like Miss Minnie Palmer. Away with once famous Shiel Barry, who is tragic as a demon with very little purpose. Away with a true comedian like Harry Parker. Away with such genuine actresses as Laura Linden, the inimitable comedienne of " Dandy Dick." Let her dress up smartly and say nothing. Away with her, away with all of them who have anything to say or anything clever to do. They are the background, the assistants, the subordinates, to while away the time and say something hazy about poor little Cinde- rella, whilst Mr Charles Harris is mounted on his stool, clanging his gong, waving his flag and marshalling his superb proces- sions. It was, he says in conclusion, an evening for staircase, fours, right, left, off, gong, White flag, and so on, again and again, ad nauseam— not a night for pantomime, comic songs, funny business, acting or singing. The pantomime jogs along joyfully, and Musgrove is happy in the knowledge that they are doing better here than in Sydney with their Xmas show. They are doing fairly well with The Guv'nor at the Princess's even in this hot weather. One thing in its favor is that the Spring street house is delightfully cool, owing to the excellent ventilation, and you can loll in the circle or stalls and be per- fectly comfortable. The comedy goes breezily, and you hear no end of laughter. The other night when I looked in I began to take the full measure of Billie Elton in the last act, and there were two things that struck me that should be altered. For two reasons he should not wear his hat in the drawing-room— the most vulgar individual wouldn't do it, and then the hat in the hand is always good for biz. The other little matter is that red handkerchief hanging out of the coat-tail pocket. Oh, Billie, how could you ! You — no I won't lecture you myself; I'll just give you a little extract from a new booklet of stage papers by that huge dramatic book- maker, Devenport Adams. One of the essays is entitled The Stage Handkerchief, and this passage occurs in it — "The truth is, the comedian, whether high or 'low,' knows only too well how valuable to him is the handkerchief with which he can make comic play. The article is of more practical utility to him than to any of his masculine coadjutors, for all of whom, however, it has some attractions. The tragedian does not largely sport it ; it is not altogether an aid to sentiment in the purposes to which it is usually put, and so it is concealed within the folds of the little bag which your highly- strung hero carries suspended from his waist With the young lover of modern drama or old comedy the thing is different. In the former case, that spotless white, perchance silk handkerchief is used to decorate the left breast of the coat. In the latter, the em- broidered piece of cambric is an important adjunct to the general costume. Where would your beaux be without its aid— your 'sparks" of Congreve or Sheridan, whose nice conduct " of it is a part of the character and inseparable from it ? But it is the comedian, and especially the low comedian, who derives most professional benefit from his pocket-handkerchief. The listless swell will make a solemn print of the wiping of his eyeglass, while the " first old man" will with equal deliberation make the most of cleaning his spectacles. Thereby the playgoer is kept on the tenter-hooks of expectation, and the actor scores the while. But happiest of all is the comic personage whom custom compels to come upon the stage with a very gorgeous handkerchief trailing out of his coat-tail pocket. There are comedians for whom this is the very soul of humor. It may have been funny once, when the world was young, but the world is now old and cynical, and that trailing piece of vivid color is productive, alas ! only of in- difference or irritation." Twig the last three sentences William? For the next three nights change your hat and handkerchief biz, and greatly oblige, yours sincerely — A well wisher ! Elton's clean knocked up, and I don't much wonder at it. He's had a clear spell of three years without a break, or a holiday, and fast as it always does, over goes the nervous system. So he's going to take a holiday and get right away from theatre, study, newspapers and temptation generally and rusticate and recuperate. Before he goes you'll see him in another part. Saturday will bring Our Boys on the stage, the Guv'nor having made a graceful exit. Of course, Elton will be the butterman, and he's made his mark in the part before now. So it's light study for him. Sass will be Talbot, Fleming the old baronet, and Clara Cowper and Maud Williamson the two girls, if I remember rightly. Arthur Garner read to me a letter from Toole, in which he says that he just sends a few lines as to their movements and inten- tions. First and foremost, it was settled that they will leave in the Britannia on 21st February, arriving in Melbourne on or about 1st or 2nd April. In case the steamer should be later, he had arranged for the P. and O. people to land them at Adelaide and send them on by train. The company will be John Billington, Harry Westland, George Shelton, C. M. Lowe, C. Wilson, John Gunn, John Donald, Eliza Johnstone and Irene Vamburgh. Toole and his valet travel via Brindisi. He is anxious to know the prospects, and to have a cable about the booking in time for his farewell dinner. He's not up in the booking habits here I fear. Toole wants to open in his three farces Spitalfield's Wearers, Off the Line and Ici on parle Francais ; but that would never do. There must be backbone to the bill, and surely a new piece, The Don for instance. Great Scott ! In the same paper I read of the production of Uncle Tom's Cabin at the Opera House, and that Mrs Beecher- Stowe had gone mad. No ; there could be no connection. Perish the thought ! Still, it is a coincidence, and a most fitting one, as the production of the wonderful drama just shows you what "a noble mind is here o'erthrown." It may be doubted, however, that if the talented but unfortunate, lady came upon Jimmie M'Mahon calmly penning a par, or Johnnie Sheridan artistically flicking his dog, tranquility would prevail. She might be inclined to take exception to some little liberties they have taken with her work. I know what they would say, "Madame, we have taken your story as a peg on which to hang an entertainment which we find the public run after, and which is a good com- mercial speculation." From that point of view she couldn't take any exception, and she might be pleased that so little of her writing, is identified with the pro- duction. You may, rail away at the representation, and slate it up hill and down dale, but you cannot get away from the fact that the public seem to like it. From a dramatic standpoint, you cannot criticise it. It's a variety show first, and a drama next, Take it as the former, and you are indulged to your heart's content. Sing- ing and dancing and banjo playing and knock-about business there was in super- abundance. I could do with- out about the most of it, but then I don't pay to go in. With others it all goes like winking. Your gallery and upper circle, and some of your stalls and dress-circle people are in raptures with it, and I'm con- tent to let them rapture. The staging of the piece is up to the mark — there's plenty of people in the crowding, and the choruses are satisfactorily sung, and the scenic settings are a la Gordon-Brunton. I don't think there's anything else I need touch on. No, you go and see it for your- self. Razzle dazzle ! Razzle dazzle ! They were a comedian and a manager, and they had a "dead bird " at Moonee Valley yester- day. " If you don't come out," says the dead birdlimer, " you'll regret it." They wented, and they got the nod. " Got sixes !" chuckles quietly the manager as he jorks up his coat sleeves. Halves !" says the eye- twibkling comedian. " Right !" was the reply. And the flag fell on the first race. And they at an immediately subsequent date fell " a speakin' kind o' poetik," like- wise into a hansom. They were seen in the neighborhood of a hotel in the City within half an hour of having left it, and they were wondering if that dead bird had come in yet, or was likely to ever arrive. There was L10, and a guinea for the hansom, and ten bob entrance and three drinks — eleven, eleven six ! groaned the manager, as he sipped his consolation slaker. My excellent Sydney confrere has been having a chat with Warner, "dear boy," and he interestingly wafts us the result thus: — During the beginning of the week the dis- tinguished form of Charles Warner has been again seen on The Block; while his company has been more or less conspicuous at the various places frequented by the guild. One afternoon I dropped in casually at the Royal Hotel, and had a most interesting chat with Warner and his talented daughter Gracie, who has developed in physique and artisti- cally by the late tour. The speculation has been a most profit- able one; in fact, they took the Maorilanders by storm, and Warner is so pleased with what he saw of New Zealand that he intends to return at no distant date. Gracie is a most pronounced favorite there, and Press and public showered compliments uponher. I have now at my elbow a photograph of most beau- tiful bouquets and floral offerings which she received at Christchurch on one occasion ; and looking over the Australasian and New Zealand notices of this graceful young girl's efforts, which would be flattering to one much more experienced, it can only be re- peated that the name of Miss Warner will yet be famous. And why not? She has talent, love of her profession almost to infatuation, and a most capable and kindly tutor in her father. You can understand there was some hard work in the tour, for they had fre- quent changes in a repertoire of sixteen pieces, and, thanks to the patronage ex- tended and the managerial cleverness of little Pete Hughes — whose ability, I may say, is duly appreciated — only two nights were missed during a tour of 22 nights. Not a bad record that, considering how scattered are the towns of New Zealand. Oh ! they had an earthquake shock over there — the first most of them had ex- perienced — and they don't want to report the luxury. Warner says: "Captain Swift" was the favorite piece with the Maori- landers. At Dunedin, Christchurch and Wellington, they were entranced with it. But at Aucland, they didn't take to it so well. At the latter place the company played a four weeks season. In general thats long enough for the whole two Islands. The last night they had a monster bill of an act from Romeo and Juliet, an act from Streets of London, an act from School for Scandal, and an act from Hands Across the Sea ! Well, now the company is doing two weeks at Newcastle, but will open at Melbourne Royal, on 22nd February, in Hands Across the Sea, followed by A Man's Shadow, in which Warner has a dual part, and a revival of all the old pieces. The sea- son will be a pretty long one and two other new pieces, Her Father and True Heart, will be produced. Then back to Sydney, Ade- laide, Tasmania and New Zealand. Warner was in treaty for The Middleman, but the price asked was too high. He has a big offer for a tour through America, and by and bye he will likely go that way. About things theatrical in general in Sydney he says:— Aladdin's nights at the Royal are num- bered. And then comes along His Little Lordship (Fauntleroy). Midsummer Night's Dream runs along at Her Majesty's — a dream of beautiful staging and scene painting. Patrons of the Cri. are making hay while the sun shines. B. and B.'s company will soon leave us, so they are seeing all they can. The Balloon is a side-splitting piece. Anson and Brough are at their best, and Lyndal displays his versatility. Harry Rickards is giving a very good show at the School of Arts, and under Jenkins ap- pears on the road to affluence. Our old friend, Fred Gunther, who re- cently managed the Midgets and Bob M'Quade, has become a boniface, and can now be found at the Brisbane Cafe, George street. Warner telegraphed me yesterday from Newcastle:—Opened here last Saturday in Hands Across the Sea to biggest house ever known. Performance a triumph. Will open at Melbourne Royal, 22nd February, in Hands Across the Sea, followed by suc- cession of latest novelties, Will give you full particulars when I arrive. There isn't anything particularly bright in young Tom Robertson's life of his illustrious father ; but still there are interesting bits in it. And you like to have Caste and Ours and School on your bookshelves. Fancy how nearly we lost having Caste and Our Boys. This was how it was. Both he (that's Robertson) and H. J. Byron, who was then eking out an existence by writing for two or three small papers and a "very occasional" engagement where " the ghost seldom walked down our street," determined to enlist, and with that intention went to the Horse Guards. But for some reason Robertson was rejected, the enlisting sergeant encouraging Byron to take the shilling, which he steadfastly refused to do unless his friend was accepted, and so the country in losing two soldiers gained two great dramatists. It is supposed that the organic disease of the heart, which, to a cer- tain extent, was the cause of his death, pre- vented Robertson from " passing the doc- tor." Yet neither despaired, but was full of re- sources, as witness this bold adventure:— Once during a long vacation they (Robert- son and H. J. Byron) were in London to- gether, and mournfully wondering what was to happen next. There was a room in the Gallery of Illustrations "to let." Now Byron and Robertson had written and played an entertainment " with varying success" (always varying). It was so con- structed that while Byron was on the stage in the first part, Robertson was money- taker; and during Robertson's performance, and prior to their appearance in a duologue, which wound up the bill of fare, Byron took his place in the pay-box, a proceeding he stated " to be wholly unnecessary, for rea- sons quite obvious." Robertson's idea was to take this room and establish their enter- tainment as a permanent thing. Byron gave his assent. The performance was advertised to commence at 8 o'clock, an announcement received with much apathy on the part of the public, for at ten minutes to the time advertised not a soul had been keen. At last a gentleman tendered a sovereign for a front seat. Are there any seats a left?" inquired the patron. "Oh, yes," replied Robertson, "both right and left— I will faring you the change in a minute sir." The gentleman entered, stared round and sat down. The ball was empty ! Byron bad been peeping through the curtains, anxious and nervous, and when he saw the apparition in the stalls he sent for Robert- son, who had changed the sovereign — re- turned eighteen shillings, less the price of seat— and brought Byron some stout to nerve him for his task. The pianist having finished the overture, the curtain rang up. Byron entered, dressed in the evening dress which he had to share with Robertson, and began to explain " The Origin of Man," looking fixedly at the wretched individual in the front seats. "In the beginning there was only one man " — here Byron paused. " Yes," said the "front seat," "and I'm toe d—d fool," and hurrying out to Robertson demanded his money back. There you have a glimpse of the early struggles of men who became of note. Dampier, defying the heat, wrestles man- fully with Monte Cristo, and there are those —and many those — who are there to see and admire. Saturday week they will commit Robbery Under Arms. Boucicault has got things for the opening of the Bijou in ship-shape now. They're working night ad day at it, and are getting along smartly. It will be beautifully fitted up and furnished after the style of W. S. Gilbert's new theatre, the Garrick. Spong has for some time been busy over here on the act drop, the subject of which is Comedy banishing Melancholy. They open on the 1st of March in Money. In Muddles the St. Mour-Cogill crowd have got an entertainment which suits them and their patrons. It's a wild wilderness of absurdity, but there's roars of laughter and thunder clap of applause in it, and I hope there's millions in it. There's a lot of activity on the stage ; the attendants haven't caught the infection. Phil Stuart is doing his best to work up Kreitmeyer's Waxworks and Museum, and they have just now several things which are really worth having a look at. I was in the other night, and spent half an hour pleasantly in just having a passing glance. Of course, there's more in it than half an hour's worth, but that just did my pur- pose. My Adelaide friend writes:— Owing to the continuous hot nights the Theatre Royal has been but poorly patronised during the run of the Comic Opera Company. They have deserved, and would have obtained, better patronage had the weather been more favorable for indoor amuse- ments, but everybody who can get out of town seek the seaside and the hills, and thus the families who usually attend the Royal are not in Adelaide to do so. As a consequence, the company bring their season to a close at the end of the present week, when the theatre will be cloRed. Bland Holt arrives to keep the ball aroll- ing. * * * Byron's comedy will only hold on for a week, and then a new drama, Two Nights in Rome, will be produced. The piece, which was purchased by J. C. Williamson some four or five years ago in America, is by Gunter, the author of Mr Barnes, of New York, and although it hasn't been played in England, is an American success. The story has a similarity to Genevieve Ward's Forget Me Not, and it has two or three striking situations. It's strongly cast, and George Walton comes over from Sydney, with his Aladdin honors thick upon him, to play the comedy part. * * * Mrs Brown- Potter and Kyrle Bellew open at tho Princess's on 1st March in Camilie, which will be followed by David Garrick and La Tosco. They will be a six weeks' attraction. Miln is lecturing and reading down Warrnambool way. . . They are playing Fauntleroy Sydney-ways to fair biz. . . The Wild West show and Clark's new people are alike on the Alameda. . . Bland Holt is playing the Union Jack at Sandhurst " under very favorable circumstances." . . . Frank Lincoln is doing well at Ballarat. They had a pretty big house at Hobart Royal, when Grattan Riggs opened with the Little Holloway-Howe people. . . . The Simonsen concerts in Hobart have not been up to expectations. . . . Friedman's World Novelty Company opened at Launccston last nignt. . . . They've been " slating" Dan Barry up Wangaratta way. . . . The "Era" says that the Australian right of H. A. Jones' Middleman have been secured. I know the firm and Warner refused it at the price asked. . Walter Reynolds, actor and dramatist, who, it will be remembered, visited Australia some years ago, has become proprietor of the Theatre Royal, Blackburn, Lancashire. . . A new comedy opera, entitled " Gretna Green," written by Murray Ford, with music by Dr Storer, was announced to be produced at a matinee at the Comedy Theatre, London, on 4th December. One of the leading parts was to be played by Miss Leonora Braham. . . The receipts of the Kendals during their season of four weeks in the Fifth Avenue Theatre, New York, amounted to L8000. . Stage stories are, as a rule, utterly worth- less, because they are written by those who have no practical experience of the theatre whatever. This reproach cannot be levelled at a clever little collection of fables of the footlights, collected by the well-known Richard Henry, under the strange but taking title, of Misery Junction. 