"BULLETIN" MEMS. South Austeaxia is considering tbe advisability of snaking parsons eligible to serve- as members of Parliament. Pot our own part weseeno reason why they should not be eligible, except that we jrant to know how the flock will get on while the shepherd is away firing his old dlapsed sermons at - his bleeding country,' ' 'and "in&odiicing; the left- off hymn into his motion for adjournment ? Who is.. to - .visit . the., widow and the fatherless when the spiritual consoler is busy, bringing in a Bill tq wallop the prisdner who won't' pray reguhurly in the gaol, or drafting a resolution to suppress anybody who is found anywhere butatchoir-practice after 10 p.m. ? Also, if the reverend legislator lives, in the country, and can't get back in time for Sunday, who is to pound the reading desk into unholy smash, and bang the pulpit into shreds and flinders while he tells how. Salaam owned a mule in the far East 1 Who is to come down on the sinner like countless' loads of bricks if the apostle, whose voice buight to be lifted with a steam crane owing to its unnatural dimensions,. iB away collecting carnal honorarium and other unregenerate per quisites of the flesh, and is arguing with the ungodly about the remunerations of this transient earth, and scrambling among the children of darkness for railways .and other fleeting things, all of which is vanity ! ~ Cohen, Mayor of Adelaide, went into Parliament with a great flourish of trumpete four years ago. He proposed that the colony should elect its own Governor, and 'do many other great things. Strange to say, a placid calm has overspread Oohen since he has been elected Mayor, and Adelaide people want to know when that resolution is to be tabled again. A certain Queensland vice-regal attacbd has a playful weakness for barking and crowing at a banquet during periods of applause. This eccentric Plan tagenet aBked a sarcastic Queensland girl at a ball recently if Bhe heard "his musical interjection at the supper ?" "1 did, Captain," replied the fair daughter of the North, " and it struck me that you wouldn't make either a second-rate retriever or a third-class rooster ? " Then there was a lull in the conversation. For Our Country Visitors.—Irish Johnstone, the comedian, was known to be rather parsimonious. On one of his grofeBsional visits to Dublin, he billeted imself, as was his wont, upon all hiB acquaintances in town. Meeting Ourran afterwards in London, and talking of his great expenses, he asked the ex-Master of the Bolls what he supposed he spent in the Irish capital during his last trip. " I don't know," replied Curran, " but probably a fortnight." A New Style op Ghost Story.—A traveller, going to bed was surprised to Bee a ghost, which—or who—in a sepulchral tone began :—"1 am the spirit of one who was foully murdered here." " That's no business of mine," said the traveller, turning round on his pillow. ." Apply to the proper quarter. Good night." Was Never a Crow.—A Scotch witness, somewhat given to prevarication, was severely handled by a cross examining counsel. "How far is it between the two farms," said the counsel. "By the road it's twa miles." "Yes, but on your oath, how far is it as the crow flieB 1" " I dinna ken ; I never was a crow." Consulting the Dictionary.-—A. Dutchman, the other day, reading an account of a meeting, came to the word, "The meeting then dissolved." He could not define the meaning of the latter, so he referred to the dictionary, and felt satisfied. In a few minutes a friend came in, when Honty said, "Dey must have worry hot wedder der. I ret an agount of a meeting vere all de peoples had melted away." A Lesson on Arithmetic.—Teacher— "John, suppose I were to shoot at a tree with five birds on it, and kill three, how many would be left?" John—"Three, sir." Teacher—"No ; two would be left, you ignoramus." John—"No there wouldn't though—the three shot would be left, 'and the other two would be flied away." Teacher—"Take your seat, John." As it Used to Be.—Says the Sydney Bulletin :—" The mere announcement that representatives of the Irish Land, League cause were coming to Australia created a prodigious ferment, and on their arrival they were treated like wild heaBtB. Every considerable newspaper in the AuBtralias spat venom at the Redmonds.' The Argus, the Age, the 8.M. Herald, the Sydney Daily Tele graph., and the E. News raved at them. The Pcenix Park murders had just taken place, and the whole body of Irish members were accused of complicity. The entire public stood aghast. The Redmonds found it difficult to hire a hall in Sydney in which to hold a meeting. In the country towns they more often failed to secure the ordinary halls than they succeeded. In Sydney, even when they did get a hall, they stood on the platform almost unsupported by public men, even by those who had till that time made capital out of ardent professions of sympathy with the Irish cause. At their first meeting Mr. Redmond, M.P., bitterly commented on this desertion in terms which may possibly be still fresh in the memory of Mr. Daniel O'Connor. 