ON GOLDEN HINGES. By DORA RUSSELL. Author 61 ** Footprints in the Snow,' ' Anna bel's Sival,' 'She Trade of the Storm.' {Published by special arrangement with the Author. JUlrighteteterved.1 Chapiee XXXYIL— A Pboposai, Thk conversation took place between the cousins daring Despard's second visit to Wargrave. He had telegraphed to Katharine that he was coming, and Katha rine felt greatly annoyed at the news. One reason was that Mrs. BaUalrs was so foolish about him, and another that Graham did not like him, and a third tJiatelie was so anxious abont Graham that she felt she was almost unequal to enter tain Frank. For Graham was seriously ill. His mother had become so uneasy at hk pro longed absence that, without making any fuss about it, she announced one day she was going to town. 'I have a little business to transact,' she said, 'and of course I shall see Graham.' Her business was really to see Graham, and when ahe did see him she was quite shocked at hk appearance. He looked worn and haggard, with a hectic flush on hk face. He Indeed ad mitted that he was ill, and when hk mother inskted upon at once sending for a doctor, the doctor told them it was a sort of low fever aad that Graham should be In bed. 'You will stay and nurse me then, mother,' he asked ;. and Mrs. Graham North was only too glad to promise. ouu wrcgntpueu tu nmwniw uiw mid would not return to Wargrave that even ing, and she wrote {the same day to tell her Graham was ill. This letter reached Katharine the same morning that Frank Despard's telegram arrived, and therefore Katharine was anything bat delighted to hear that he was coming. He would be there the same day, he Informed her, and he duly made hk appearance. ' Where is Romeo ?' he asked, looking round the room j but Katharine was In no humor for jesting and took no notice of hk question. However, Despard soon made himself perfectly at home* and sat in the garden with the gbls/and outshone their juvenile admirers by his coolness, hk experience, and hk soldier-like bearing. Phil Ferrers and Fltzroy felt qualms of jealousy of this magnificent hero, who had fought and bled, and who had a hundred 4ales to tell tli a wfwlaa nf s»si*infc*t1aal an-3 4-Ylfnnra ^tll/vtl UK- ga*4J) VI vmaiasjijiajw smma ajiaasi^w vr iuwu they had never seen. Iiucy Graham North wavered in her allegiance at once, and sat coquetting with the handsome soldier until the ar rival of Mrs. Ballaln, who at once took possession of him and drew him away from the others, whkperlng in hk ear. 4(How disgusting she Is,' said Lucy to Eth j ' a woman of her age 1' But Bella Ballaln looked quite jiappy. She slipped her arm through Despard'a, looked up In hk face and smiled, and had a hundred things to tell hint ; and the girls could hear Despard's loud laugh as he listened. Young Ferrers and Fltzroy sulked and went away, and Lucy began to think what a stupid thing she had done. They. did not call at Fairfield for two days after Major Despard's arrival ; not, in fact, till Mies Lucy wrote them a pretty little note and asked them to come and play tennk on the following afternoon. Lucy did not tell Katherine she had In vited them, for Katharine was so anxious and uneasy she probably would not have cared to have them asked. Each day brought a worse account of Graham, and the doctor said he feard the fever would run on to typhoid. Hannah, Mrs. Fryer's old servant, and hk mother, nursed him, Hannah having- apparently transferred her devotion to her old uns tress to her new master. Graham wan dered at times, generally towards night, and was really very 01. Bat still the doctor told Mrs. Graham North he did not consider him In any great danger. ' He will pull through, but he will be terribly weak afterwards, and I am afraid it will be a long business.' And thk proved] the case. September passed and chill October came, and still Graham lay ill hi Mrs. Fryer's old home. Hk mother never left him, and once or twice Katharine went to see him, and looked with tearful eyes at hk wasted face and hands. She began to fancy some secret care preyed upon hk mind. She had hoped and prayed a hundred times that the sad shock of poor Winny's tragic dsath would gradually grow less, and at one time ahe had trusted that thk was so. She remem bered the day at Sonning, when he had said something to thk effect ; but now he always seemed so sad, and hk mother noticed that Katherlne's visits always made him sadder. \'et not again had he seen the shadowy form that had come to destroy hk hap piness. Once, when they carried him to to the window, just as the day was closing, he fancied that|he saw standing on the path before the house a .woman who reminded him of the dead girl. But it was almost dark, and' it was only a reedy girlish figure In a cloak that he had teen, of which there might be hundreds. But as he grew a little better the old struggle came back to hk mind. Should ha tell Katharine or not 1 Had he anv right to keep her bound to him, if hk life lay under such a fearful ban as thk 1 In October Katharine began to talk of returning to Oartle Hill, and the little ooterie at Fairfield was abont to be broken op. Ihe last month by the river had not been a liappj one for Katharine, and also by no means a happy one for the Rev, Jasper Vincent. . . ' This kindly m£ti had at last made up Us mind to propose to JEth. He really felt eorry for the disappointment to many that he knew hk marriage ^ould cause. But hk- jealousy of young Fife?0? *P«'*ed him «n, and one day he actually *^«W *&? momentous words. *' My dear girl, I have got something to' i say to you,' he said, In hk semi-tender manner, which had wrought havoc with so many hearts, ' something serious.' Eth looked at him with her merry eyes. 11 1 am sot a bit serious, you know,' she said. ' I do not mean serious in a religious sense,' continued the Bev. Jasper ' though I hope, my deal Ethel, that solemn part of oar exkbenee Is never quite absent froa my mind. The serious thing, however, that I0now allude to relates entirely to thk life ; It k, in fact, the most serious thing in it, not lightly to bo undertaken, but after due consideration. Can yon guess what I mean now 2' ?'Ho, indeed, I xannot;' and Eta blushed and shook her head. *'I mean — marriage,' aald the Rev. Jasper almost In an awe-sbrook tone, for he had shrank from It so often ; ' yes, Ethel— may I say dearest Ethel 2 — I have at last made aty choice, and I could not have made a dearer or more worthy one. Will you be roy wife, Ethel, and I will do my best to make yon happy t' But to the rector's astonishment Ethel again blushed and shook her head. « I cannot, really,' she said, . *' Do you mean you cannot love me?' asked the poor panon. 'I haven't thought about that,' answered the frank Eth ; ' I liked to talk to you very much, but people said — Mrs. Ballaln said — you talked first to one girl and then the other, so I never thought yon meant anything.' ° ' Bnt now, when you know I do mean something ? ' A nd he tried to takt her hand. ' It can's make any difference, because I could not marry a clergyman.' ' My dear Ethel, surely my sacred pro; feeskm can be no drawback V ?'Yes it k, though -the troth is, I'm not good enough to many a clergyman — It's out of my line altogether, and I can't humbug.' ' But you go to church ?' ' Of coarse Z do, but I eouldn't do what clergymen's wives are, I suppose, expected to do. I couldn't go preaching to poor people and lecturing them, and then giving them a copper or a crust. I would like to give, you know, bat not as they do. There k one horrid woman x kiiow wuu u ever wuuug w uoi busy, useful life, and had the audacity to ask me if mine were folly employed. ' You cannot be happy unless you are use ful,' she said— just as if her preaching would make me any batter 1' The rector could not help smiling at Eth's tirade. '* J shall promise not to preach to you,' nv imm, vauo|ju uuu u& wo ^w»^*v 'Oh, it's not you — I mean I don't think you are a humbug — it's the way these people who pretent to be good go on that disgusts me. Just as If they knew our hearts. And we are told not to judge others, yet they sit all day in judgment.' ' Well, Miss EthaJ, I hope I am not a hareh judge.' ' I do not think you are, bat all the same ? ' ' You will not many me ?' *'I cannot marry a clergyman,' re peated Eth ; and with this answer the Rev. Jasper was forced to go away. It was a great blow to him, the greatest he had ever had in hk prosperous life. Aa Mrs. Banalrs had told Katharine, he was the son of a rich man, and from hk boy hood everything had been made easy to him. There was a story that In hk youthful days he had set hk affections on a lady of very high rank, but if so thk disappointment had not broken hk heart. But as he left the gates of Fairfield after Eth had refused bun he felt almost as if hk heart were broken. The girl's frankness made her only more precious In hk sight. ?'She would not marry a clergyman,' he repeated to himself sadly ; 'ah — lt'a no good flattering myself— if she had cared for me she would have married me If I had been a curate.' When he next saw Katharine he spoke to her about his disappointment. ' I suppose she has told you ?' he said. 'Told me what 2' asked Katharine in surprise. *' She'refased me,' said the poor rector manfully. 'lam very, very sorry j but Eth has never mentioned the subject to me.' ' She k not a vain girl — I would have been very happy if I had been more for tunate.' And with a sigh the Rev. Jasper turned away. Katharine felt truly sorry, for she liked the rector and believed he would have made Ethel happy. She spoke to her about It, but Ethel shook her head. 'And you have never mentioned It, Eth?' 'Why should I mention it? It was disagreeable enough to hurt the poor man's^ feelings without adding to hk an- - noyance by letting everyone know. Please don't mention It, Katharine. I would not for the world that Mrs. Ballaln heard It.' 'And yet Mm. Ballaln declared you would be only too delighted to marry him, bat that she knew yon would never have the chance,' laughed Katharine. Eth gave a little shrug. ' My dear, Mrs. Ballalrs's opinion k no matter to me. I Hke the rector ; I re spect him, and It would annoy me very muoh If the little woman knew.' So the rector's proposal was kept a secret by Ethel and Katharine, and even Mrs. Ballairs said spitefully— ' Well, the rector k cooling in hk atten tions to Eth , I see. Did I not tell you he would?' Katharine did not speak. 'He always does It; it's hk way,' continued Mrs. Ballalra. ' I very soon tire of him.' And she probably believed thk to be true. She had no self-knowledge; her little mind was too shallow to see and lament her own shortcomings. ' I like some one a little more constant than the Rev. Jasper,' she* smiled, and still Katharine had the discretion not to tell her of the rector's offer. And the rector thought more than ever of Eth when he found that Mrs. Ballaln lady and not that the young lady had re fused him. It was a sop to the [ poor man's vanity, and comforted him a little. ' So,' aaid Mrs. Ballairs, ' you have wearied already of your north-country maid?' 'No, Indeed, I have nob,' said the rector. After thk he began to renew hk visits to Fairfield, and the little shyness which had stolen over Eth's manner towards him seemed to wear off. He was more defe rential and she was softer, and Katharine began to 'hope Eth would change her mind; and perhaps the rector hoped so too. And on tills account Katharine would have liked to have remained longer at Fairfield, bnt Mrs. Graham North came down . one day and told her that Graham had expressed a strong wish to go for change of air to DUlforcL ' I wished him very much to comedown here for a few days,' said Mrs. Graham North, ' but he has a fancy for going to Northumberland, and the doctor recom mends hk native air, so 1 thought I would come down and tell you hk plans.' Thk naturally influenced Katharine. It was getting cold, too. and so late In October they left Fairfield, and Katharine sighed as she went away from that lovely spot. Mrs. Ballaln declared she was broken hearted at her going, and old Colonel Ferrers told her she had won a place in his affections which would always remain. He went to the station to see them off and promised to vklt hk old friend's daughter at Castle HU1 and shoot some of her grouse. 'Ah, if I had only been a young man 1' he said sentimentally, *' You are much nicer as an old one,' lynched Katharine. The colonel sighed. 'X?o, my dear girl,' he said, 'not that I am really old, but that boy of mine tb^kes me seem so, and not that I feel olo* ^ut there it k. A young girl does notW^'^^^y-h^d^teran;'' , y ' Indeed * do - l Uke m* *??*«« old friend, and n^» ?ue wiU be more welcome at Castle HOI.' . .. , , So ttey parted, ^ $« 8ld« *«*«* with their friends also, tie rector dldnot go to the station, but he h£* whispered a few words In Eth's ear the h!W*t before while they stood at Katharine's tL^Wc^g room window admiring the moon, j 11 And tomorrow this will be all over,' said the rector. ' I thought Katharine had Invited you to Castle Hill?' answered Eth, catting down her eyes. 'Yes ; bat I do not know whether to accept her kind invitation ; is might bat give me fresh pain.' And the rector sighed. 'I— I— shall always be pleased to see you.' 'In spite of the coat?' asked the rector. ' Yes, in spite of the coat,' smiled the girl ; and the rector felt happier after he had her words. A little sentimental scene also took place between Lucy and young Ferrers, but Lucy was a prudent young woman, and no sooner had the.boy blurted out blnshlngly!and eagerly some tender words tfmn Miss Lucy smlliDgly drew back. *? I am the son of a poor man, you know, I shall have to work for my wife,' he said. ?* You most not talk of each things fora hundred yean,' answered Lucy, coquet tkhly, 'a baby like you' ** I am not quite a baby, Mies Lucy.' Lucy gave one of her little heartless lauehs. ?'You are a nice boy,' she said, 'and we have,had a very jolly time altogether ; but It does not do to talk folly too long.' And to ended poor Phil's first love dream. His father, noticing hk off spring's depression and gloomy looks gave him a little advice. ' It k the same aa measles or chicken pox,' said the old soldier, 'we ail take 'em, and we take railing in love just the ssme. In measles we've a headache, and in love a heartache, and they both go away, my boy, and leave no mark.' And the oolonel patted hk son's shoulder. Chapter XXXVHL— An Especial COKEESPONDEHT, The party from Wargrave met Mrs. Graham North and Graham, by appoint ment, «t King's Cross, and they all travelled north together. Katharine was shocked at Graham's appearance when her eyes fell upon him at the station. He looked wasted, worn, and unhappy. Yet hk face lighted up when he saw her, and there was some thing In the expression of hk «yes that told her hk love at least was unchanged. They sat next each other during the journey, and it did not seem long. But again and again Katharine saw a cloud flit across Graham's face. He was asking himself the old question— had he any right to let the shadow of hk life fall on the bright woman byhk side ? And when they reached Dillford Graham had found no answer. But he had returned to Dillford with one settled purpose in hk mind. He wished to learn if the restless spirit of poor Winny had been Been wandering near her old home. Thk determination had come to him as he was recovering from hk Illness. And now the same strange feeling grew upon him which he had felt by the side of the river at Wargrave. He would rather face thk shadow than believe that unseen it dogged hk steps. If the unseen wall between the living and the dead were but gapped through for him. he now would learn It. If Winny's spirit were vkible to other eyes, surely those most closely related to her would have some weird tale to telL Graham de termined to see Dorothy Rlddell, but first —two days after he arrived at Dillford— he went down to the little dene, where Wlnny had kept her last mkerable tryst for him. It was now the early days of November, and chill winds and rain-laden clouds had passed with Icy breath over the changing leaves. The ground was wet and sodden on the grey drear day, when Graham went back to the very spot where he used to meet hk loat love, and stood shudder ing, yet enrions, expecting to see in thk silent faded grove the white shadowy form that had twice already crossed hk path. The river Tolled past swollen and sullen, the water dark-tinted by the gloomy sky, while overhead the trees rocked and moaned in the gusty blasts. It was a melancholy scene, haunted, for Graham at least, by a hundred bitter thoughts. He paused a moment at the entrance of the ravine, and then slowly walked on to the very end of It. Nothing -Unusual was vkible — dank wet grass be neath hk feet, dripping sear boughs above hk head. No shade, no shadow, was to be seen ; the spirit of the dead girl did not linger where so often her living feet had ?. find . ^Graham returned from thk visit to Dill dene thoughtful and disturbed. Again the old idea occurred to hk mind, could the form that he had twice seen at War grave be a delusion of hk brain t Oh ! if he could but believe thk what a heavy wtight would be lifted from hk soul. He would see Dorothy Riddell, he would question her, he decided ; and he did see her, but Dorothy had no strange story to relate. He met her by appointment, as he was nnwillingto go near the farm, lest the sight of him should excite the poor far mer. Riddell had never quite recovered the use of hk right arm, after the fit which had struck him in Bewley church yard. He was greatly aged and shattered, but ' quleter-like,' Dorothy told Graham, and did not speak so often now of 'poor Wlnny.' ' And nothing has been ever heard of her?' asked Graham, almost in a steady voice, and Dorothy looked at him in sur prise. ' What could be heard now, sir V she : said ; ' if s dose on ten months now since 1 poor Wlnny was drowned.' I *' It was on January the -27bh, and nothing has been found belonging to her but her cloak V *' Yes, sir ; didn't you know her hat was found 2 I have it at home now, but If I might make so bold, Mr. Graham, have you any reason for asking ?' Graham hesitated and cast down hk eyes. ?' There can be no doubt, I think— none —that Winny k dead.' t*~'~& ? ' There can be no doubt, sir — and Mr. Graham, I want to say something— the old lawyer, Mr, Dlxon, fgom Normanton, came to see father, and said you wanted to make some reparation, bat father would net listen to him. Then he spoke to me _ -' And Dorothy stopped *nd tuned crimson. «? Why'do you name thk V said Graham gently. ' The matter k all settled— Mr. Dlxon wrote to tell me — the money k in vested in your name. ' fd^gg V~--««I oaeant to explain, sir, father has never been himself since poor Winny's death, and he's lost money and neglected work, and he's getting an old man, and I thought if anything happened to him ? ' ' Of course — bat you need noc be afraid of the ftrture, Miss Riddell : you will always be amply provided for.'. Dorothy thanked him, and they parted, and Graham left her satisfied at least that * a ? _a? 1.1 ? m ??»? ? no wnisperoi cne reappearance or winny s perturbed spirit had ever been breathed about her old home. Only hk eyes, then, had looked on the pale ghost ; only hk blood been frozen by the icy prenenoe of the dead. He thonght and rethought of the appa rition in every way. Wnen he had seen It In the moonlight In Katharine's house, and when he had seen it in the gloaming by the river edge. On both occasions he had distinctly seen Winny's face. Of thk he was quite certain ; but could he not be certain that hk brain had played him thk weird trick, and clothed hk haunting thought In the semblance of reality ? Meanwhile hk health improved, and a few days after he returned home he re ceived an offer from the proprietors of the London newspaper with which he was connected to go as their special corres pondent to join the Nile expedition. Dr, Morton had already seen Otaham, and had recommended him to go abroad for tfae whiter, and it seemed to Graham j that to accept tsls offer from the news- j p»per proprietors, would be about the besb way he could go. The excitement, the new life, and the complete change would be better for him, he felt sure; than dawdling in a foreign watering place or living in a city where he had ao Mends. His mother had spoken to him after Dr. Morton's visit, and had urged him to be married and go abroad with Katherine. But Graham shrank from thk proposal for two reasons. In the first place, It was nn jnst to Katherine to marry her withoos telling her of the sword that hung dangling over his head ; and in the second place, it was too soon after Wlnny s tragic ending. And to accept thk proposal to accom pany the Nile expedition would give him time to prove whether the apparition of Winny was a delaslon of hk brain or the haunting spirit of the dead girl. If 'WlDny's spirit indeed knew no rest, then Graham told himself he must never m&rry; Katherine. He pnt the letter he had received into hk pocket, and went up to Castle Hill. He had not been there very often daring the few days he had been at Dillford, and Katharine received him with a bright and happy smile. 'I felt sore you would eome to-day,' she said, putting her hand In hk ; but Graham drew her to him and kksed her face. 'I have come to tell you some news,' he said, ' and to ask your advice, Katha rine.' ?'Yes,' she Bald, looking up with her beautiful eyes. ' It seems a hard thing to do,' con tinued Graham, still holding her hands, '? but I think it a wise thing. The news paper people In London have written to aek me to go out to Egypt as their special correspondent with the Nile expedition, ana x wins j. snau go, xuronanne. Katharine did not speak for a moment or two, but her lips quivered. ' The change will do me good, and the excitement,' said Graham, speaking quickly, for he saw Katharine was hurt ; 'you see I want something to set me up ; this last illness has shattered my nerves. Morton thinks I should go abroad for the winter.' ' And do you propose to go at once ?' said Katharine very quietly, trying to draw her hands from Graham's, but he held them fast. 'Don't speak like that Katharine; I would not go If— If I did not think it tight.' ' ? But why, Graham ? I want you to tell me something. I have noticed that once or twice since our engagement — not just at first but lately before your illness and since — that at.times you look and seem ao unhappy. If your are unhappy, If our en gagement makes you unhappy, will you tell me V ' now oouia our engagemeuo uiara me unhappy, my dearest, dearest love 3 It k the one joy, the one bright hope of my ' life. But there k something — something I do not wish to burden you with — that lies like a bkek cloud over my sooL Yes, you are right, Katharine, I have been un happy, most miserably unhappy, but not through you.' ?' What k it, Graham ; tell me 2 No thing k so wretched to a woman as want of trust. Let me share your trouble. Surely you can trust me.' 'As my own soul — it knot that — bat it would pain and grieve you, perhaps frighten you.' 'Trust me, dear Graham,' pleaded Katharine ; and with head lying on hk breast he told her the weird tale. ' I saw her face, I am certain,' he re peated, 'Winny's face— no one could assume that — but whether my brain has played me thk trick or whether the poor child's restless spirit k still wandering upon earth I cannot tell, Bat yoa can understand the horror, Katharine. That night at Fairfield, In the moonlight, I shall never forget. I feel more aoJ customed to It now— bat it k very tor rible.' 'It k an hallucination of the brain, dear,' said Katharine, lifting her head from hk breast, and looking with her loving, pitying eyes Into his face ; 'yon have allowed the unhappy fate o this poor girl to dwell on your mind until it has become a sort of mania. You must net think of it any more, Graham — all this will pass away.'' 'But you see what I mean now about going with Lord fWokeley's expedition 1 The excitement of a-campalgo, the stir, the new country, will not leave me time to think — it k only the pain of leaving you, Katharine.' 'Do not think of me,' she said gently, €l*%A*1i*vkai nnn ova vlrrTife—v/vn will ho ln« forested, you will be amused— but I hope there will be no danger, Graham 1' Graham laughed. *' That will add to the excitement, yon know,' he said ; ' besides, I am not go tog as a fighting man.' ' Frank Despard k moving heaven and eatth to go, I hear ; but there k some hitch ; he wants to join the staff, but It k not settled yet.' ' Well, that will make no difference to me. I won't quarrel with your cousin, Katharine.' They parted with the understanding that Graham was to accept the proposal from the newspaper proprietors and start for Egypt, and after he had left her Katharine thought it was better he should go Though she had made as little as pas sible to Graham of thk strange haunting delusion of hk brain, it had, In reality j made her very uneasy. She re ?w*«\mt Wa«.M#1 hia .ill II Mil li a»W*MAMWAM#*«% *fcV» ftflA IUC1UUUGU iUfl CUWA««* B^^OMWMS VU UMO morning at Fairfield after he had fancied he had seen thk poor girl's spirit ; and she remembered the long fainting fit Lby the river, when he had been brought home by young Ferrers, and how tha doctor had asked if he had received any shock to cauee It. And though she grieved very muoh to part with htm, his health aad peace of mind were of coarse the first considera tion. So Katharine told herself, and in the evening, when Graham again came to Castle Hill, she tried to be as cheerful as possible, and spoke of the long journey before.bim, and made him promise to write to her ' every day.' But Graham had not such an easy task with hk mother to induce her to give her consent. Mrs* Graham North, indeed, oppoeed the scheme with all her strength. She even shed tears and told Graham that he was ungrateful to her, ungrateful to Katharine. 'I have nursed yon and watched over you,' she said, 'and now you are start ing out on an expedition the end of which no one can foresee.' But he got hk own way. Hk parting with Katharine was very tender j betook her in hk arms and fondly kissed her face. 'Good-bye, my darling,' he said. ' God grant I may come home a happier man — eome back never to part again.' Katharine forced back her tears. 'I will pray for you night and day, Graham,' she whispered, 'wherever yoa go, my preyen will follow yoa.' (To he continued.) 