Burnie. (By Otjb Special Rbpobteb.) Burnie. if approached by the ooaBb road which connects it) with the railway torminuB at Ulverstone, is first visible as the coach turns the ourve at the baeo of the round bill ; when the long semi-circular sweep of rock-strewn beach, with, if the wind be from tho oast, the endlqss succession of long green foam-craBted rollers breaking with monotonous roar amid the boulders, bursts upon the view. Dotted around the b iyr ne tha dwellings of the inhabitants, whilst near the breukwitier a oates that those are the places of business, tho commercial part of the township. A stroll through the Btreets goes to show that the township is well laid out, fait ly wall cared for as regards the streets, and is prosperous look ing. There ore, however, one or two things tliab strike a stranger's eye us being a little peculiar. Here and there at the intersections of the Btreets he oomes aoroaa little rectangular patches of the forest primeval ; and also hore and there between the oorners, stacks of charred and blackened chimneys belling mutely but unmistakably of the ravages of the fire fiend, who appeara to have here disported himself ?' frequent and free.' These two un desirable features tend to this otherwise very attractive little ownship, a rather scrofulous aspect. Overlooking the sea, at the extremity of the North Esplanade stands the Church of Eng lnnd paraonage.amid an uncultivated but rather picturesque looking environment of low scrub. The parsonage is a weatherboard structure with a shingled roof, consists chiefly of gables, and is an attractive distant feature of the laudscapa. Tho slaughter-yards, adjacent to this placo, ensuro to the dwellers in tbe par souago and neighboring cottages an abundant supply of healthy and active flics for the entire summer, P.rched upon the hills overlooking the bay are the villas of many of its well-to-do in habitants. Picture; quo. pleaBunt-loobing, and healthy dwellings thoso, from each of which is obtained a far-reaching viow over the town and out to sea. Through the passes between the hills winding roads lead out back to the fat corn and potato lauds by which the town ib surrounded to the snug homestoad of. the farmers who have made their fortunes, with labor incofsjnt, from out of the heart of the virgin forest. And tbe hills that look down upon Burnie iu many parts now carry as weird mementos put of the dense and gigantic growth of the days that are past, a few gaunt, lonflesp, and branchless trunks of dead forest trees keeping ghost-like ward over the land that ia forest no more. Wilson and Gatley sb eets may be rated as the chief thoroughfares of Burnie, although there are many impattant business places in some of the other thorough fares, included amongst which may be men tioned five butcher's shops aud three black smith's and wheelwright's establishments. The Church of England is a moderate Bized gothic building of red brick, with a galvanised iron roof. Chai s taka the place of tbe ordi nary pew arrancement in this place of wor ship, which is oipable of seating parhips 400 worshippers. The oublook f om the church door is like that from the Town Hall, on to a vacant corner lot — yet . not all vacant, for much of miscellaneous garbage finds thare a peaceful reab, hidden amid the massive tus socks of coarae grass by which tho blook in encumbered, in addition to the litter of eartnenware drain-pipes and muoh hacked stumps with which the lot is hampored. Tho aspect of thia centrally situated allotment it. not park-like, but it ; does remind one of a garden ; it's so different — aome people would call it an eyesore. At tha corner of Mount nnd Oatley streets, looking eastward, stands the Town Hall. This is a two-storied build ing of the brickbat order of architecture, relieved by a frontal draping of stucco and mony mouldings, and the outlook from tho door is on to tha aforesaid vacant lob with the much hacked stumps. New, extensivo, and substantial, the Town Hall will probably be found equal to the require ments of Burnie for many years to come. The Post Office ia a convenient and cou venienbly-Mtuabed building upon the marina terraci1, and near the corner of Catley-Btreot. Misa Jowebb, the postmistress, has hare dealt with and di tiibuted Her Majesty's mails for 18 months past, to the entire satisfaction of all and sundry whose business requirements have brought them within the porbils' of tho office, We are indebted to the courtesy of the p.iofanistreBS for the use of the photograph from whioh our Bketch of tho Poat Office is cop'ad. At tho junotion of Catley and Wilson Btreets ara situated the offices of the branch Bank of Australasia, This is a neat and sub ROUND ABOUT BTTRNIE. stantial-looking single-storied and stucco fronted building. A few yards away, in Wilson-street, is the branch office of the Bank of Van Diemen'a Land. In this street is also situated the extensive store of Messrs, Stutterd Bros, and Co. The Messrs. Stutterd com menced business at Burnie some IS years ago, and their establishment and thd trade done there both rank now amongst the leading concerns of the place. The premises in which the Messrs. Stutterd now carry on their busi ness were builb and occupied by them in 1888, tbe new building being ot brick', with a stucco front. Indeed it is nob going too far to state that wherever Burnie succeeds in breaking away from weatherboard nnd paint, it goes with a zeal worthy of a bet:er cause, for the Bbueco-fronted brick box. At the corner of the Marioo Parade and Gatloy streeb iu the Bay View Hotel, the genial host of which is well and favorably known upon the Coast, as is his comfortable hostelry, which ranks amongst the b;st of the many well kept establishment? of its kind upon the Coast. Adjoining the Bay Viaw Hotel is the exten sive establishment of Mr W. Jones, who is tbe universal provider and general agency medium of tho place, and next door is the Commercial Hotel, whioh, together with Carroll's Family Hotel, the Bay View, and tha old Burnie, kepi by Mrs Wiseman, a»em to be fully able to meet tho present summer and winter re quirements of tho placs. There are, of course, many other stores, in addition to tho above namod ; indeed, Burnie seems to be rather packed with well-sto.ked and prosperous' look ing business places, not the least im ortant amongBt which may bo mentioned the offices in Cotley-streeb of the very creditable local organ, _ tha Wellington Times. A Roman Catholic Church of brick is in course of erec tion, and there are several non-conformist plncos of worship, bo that the spiritual wants of this charming toatide resort are sufficiently catered for, whilst the cause of teraperanca is looked after by a handful of diligent workers, and muscular Christianity is fostered by the establishment) in connec tion with tha Wellington detachment of auxiliaries of a gymnaabio club, which meets for practice in tha large room of the Town H-ull evory Wednesday eveninr after the weekly drill is over. In this large room also Burnie holds its public meeting?, and has its ocoasicnal high jinks. Here, too, does the strolling mummer disport himself for tho delectation of the good townsfolk, and nob in frequently fir.ds himself compelled to go to extraordinary lengths in the way of farcical exbravaganoo, in order to counteract the de pressing effect of the nightmare in many colors on which tho audience are compelled to gaze between the acts. This tired old ra^ is an excol'ant thing in its way— its way being as n Btanding, or, rabher, hanging, witness tin the 1 ug-suffering patience of the people of Burnie. At the southern end of the Marino Parade are the torminuB and yards of thn V D.Li, Com pany and the Mount Bischoff railway. The bui d ng.j here are not extensive, and they make no pretence to symmetrioil arrange ment or decorative effect, but they seem to meet all present requirements. 5?rom the terminus a line of rails laid along tho baach in front of the Marine Parade leads to THB BBEAKWATEB. This Bbructure, which forms tho Bubjocb of one of ourillustrabiquB, ia probably by this time more or lesB familiar to most of our readers ; nevertheless, the important character of the work is a sufficient excuae for yet a few more brief words of description. The present work has now reached a lengbh of 530ft from tho end of tho old jetty, the length of which is about three chains, or 200ft. Tha width of this extension ia.25ft 8in, and the heishfc at the oxtrome end from tho clay bod in which the divers prepare the foundation, to the surface upon which the rails for tho steam crane are laid, h 52ft, and the depth of wator at the lowest fall of spring tides is 28fb, the tido rising from 10 to lift. The founda tions being duly prepared, the blocks, 25 tons each of concrete are lowered into poaition by means of tho ub-ain crane, anfl also by the asti .tance of this powerful machine, are than accurately placed, on a batter of one in three by the divers. The work is continued in this manner until low-water mark is reached, when a timber casing is erected above tho blocks, and then filled inwibhjwet concrete which is con tinuously ruinmed until tha work is level with the Burfao,whon the casing is removed, and bhe process of deposibing blooks resumed. The contents of each casing form when dry, u blook of about 2C0 boua weight, the concrete of which it, as well an the foundation block, in ? com posed, being formed of a mixture of six parts of metal to throe of Band and one of cement, with as much water aa is necessary for parfeot mixing and bending. The blocks are moulded in enormous wooden boxes, made to screw together as required, the metal of whioh they are chiofly composed being obtained, from a quarry immediately adjacent to the works. The steam crane, which is auoh an important factor in the con .ducb of this work, is a splendid piece of machi nery by Messrs. RanBom and Rapior, weighing 95 tons, and having a radius of 38ft and a guafje of 16. The work is already of infinite service to the port, butto obtain the greatest possible benefit from i ?), the breakwater re quires, in the opinion of competent judges, to be extended some considerable distance further. The further extension of the work is to have a width of 27ft 8in, that is 2ft wider than tbe present completed length. ? The remaining two sketches are of tha bridge over the Emu River, at ibs mouth, and on the toad to the Panguin. One view is looking erstward, and shows the Round Hill, as well as the mouth of the river, which loses itself upon the eands of the beach between low and high water mark. The other view is looking westward, andBhpwsthe road over the bridge to Burnie. All things considered, Burnio, with its excellent situation, beautiful surroundings, good harbor, and fertile back country, has a grand future b:fore it, and should ere long become well ani favorably known, and be very fashionable both hare and on the ^mainland as a health and pleasure resort. 