FLOWERS OF SAINTS AND MARTYRS, Tho second part of tho interesting series of articles on " Snored Treos and Plants,'! by Dr. Junlccr, appears in tho July number of tho Deutsche llundschau. It is ourious to note thnt, whilo in the East certain flowors wero dedicated to tlio Virgin, tho satno flowors were tho specinl iuvurn.es in uiu iiort.il or jiroyn. me rose ami tho lily, which divido between them the qucenship of tho flower garden, wore tlio first among all the blossoms dedicated to Alary, tho "Queen of Heavon,"nnd to Freyn, who sat by tho sido of Odin on .tlio. throne in Walhnllii, " Ouo of tho prettiest of tlio many legends clustering round the whito lily (Lilium oandi- dum) is that whioh explains the origin of tho custom which made tlio old masters plnoe a vase with lilies — eacli of the three stalks having three blossoms— on their piotures of the Virgin. According to tills legend a eolcbratod Dominican abbot had long cntertainod doubts as to tho truth of. the 'conception by the Holy Ghost.' In order to disperse these doubts he decided to put them before another monk, Egydius, famed for his holiness nnd spiritual enlighten ment. Brother Egydius, knowing tho abbot's troubles by inspiration, went to meet the Dominican, Btruok the ground with his staff .and called out, ' Oil, Alaster Preacher 1 Yirtjo a/nle partum ! ' and straightway a single whito lily shot up from tho ground whero tho staff had touohod it. And Rgain Brother Egydius smote the ground and called out, ' Oh, doubting master! Virgo in partuf and another lily oame forth ; and for the third timo ho smote the ground, with tho words, Oh, my brother I Virgo post parlum!' and a third lily rose from tho ground, and the miracle strengthened tho master's faith." Tho Jews considered the lily to bo a talisman against sorcery and evil spirits, for whioh rea son Judith plaited lilies into her hairboforo sho went into tho tout of Holofornes, after divest ing herself of her widow's garb, and putting on tho holiday garments she had worn on festivo occasions during tho lifetimo of Alanasseh, her husband. Another vory pretty legend, whioh wns known as early as the second century A.D., tolls how three dnyB after tlio burial of the Virgin tlio apostles visited the sepulchro of tho " Alolher of God," but when tlioy looked into it they found it filled with roses and lilies. And over sinco that day these flowors wero dedicated to tho Virgin, Thoro is another legend of tho lily, which Simrook has popularised in Germany by a bal lad. — " Once npon a timo thero lived a monk of the Order of tho Cistercians who was so simplo and bo ignorant that ho could loam nothing except the two words ' Avo Aluria,' and nothing besides this mythical greeting would stay in ids memory. Consequently, lie always repeated the words Ave Alaria. And wlion at last ho had gono homo a lily of pure gold grew out of his grave, and on eaoli petal the words 'Ave Maria' wore distinctly printed." Sir John Alandovillu tells tiio following story in th e Book of Travels : — 'On tho eastern sido of Bethlehem thero stands a beautiful church, and between it and tlio town thero is the Ager Floridus, because an innocent maidon wns onco wrongly ncoused of unoiiastity and condemned to ho burned ir> this plnco. And when tlio fire begun to flaro up sho prayed to our Lord that, as Hurcly ns Bhe was innocent, He would in His grace nnd meroy deliver hor. And whilo site prayed uho approached tlio fire, nnd it went out immediately, and tho wood ttiat had hurncd was ohangud into red roso hushes, and the wood thnt had not yot begun to burn was changed into white rose hushes, full of flowers. And these wero tiio first roso treos and roses, rod and whito, which ever anybody had seen. And thus the maidon was saved by tho grace of God. And on account of this the field is called Ager Floridus, because . God mado it bloom and it was full of rosee." 