CHAPTER XXV. Like ghosts* pale drifts of mournful light Stretch in the west, and on the night " Look with sad faces, won and white. Long before Hume and Hiss Delaney have "reaohedGlandoYo, the latter has regained her ucrmaJ frame of mind, that happy frame that as a rule renders her the most delightful of companions. Of all the Dolaneya—and they ate as happy* go luoky a pcoplo as you could find—she if the gayest, the merriest the m:et likely to adapt herself to any circumstances, however untoward, that might fall to her lot. The swift rushing through the air—chilly, as if in anticipation of some coming chango—be hind the two high-stopping bays, raises her gpirlU to such an altitude that the past worries of the morniag fade into insignificance and seem indeed scarce worthy of a* thought. Lighter than thistledown they now lie upon her memory. " Trolling tho horses with rather a reckless speed down tliatH&fc; steep little hill that leads to the pier, H^me brings them up smartly, and the dingy being in readine**; Kan find "he are i owed across to the Zvphyr, to find that though I already vcrj late ns to tho nx/.d hour of ap 1 pbintinent they orjthe first arrival?.1 " Dirty-looMng wither, sir, I'm afraid/1 says the eapUiu, Gcogson, speaking to Hume over Nim'ts shoulder, as ho gives bor bis hand up the ladder. •" On, cune. Mr. Gregson, yon mustn't f-ay that/' cries Nan gaily. " I am hero to enjoy myself, and you won't be tho one to prevent rue, willynu?" She bsv-os upon the captain as she «ayB this with such delicately flushed cheeks, and deep appealing eyes, that no* man with half a heart could resist her. "No, inisi. No, indeed, Mi?s DoUney. It's true I've seen worpo days than this turn out very well toward? evening." • "Then* this"evening?" r.sks Nan "anxi ously. "you think it will bo l.vely—ih " It may, miss; H may/ indeed." «vys Grcggon,'refusing to lot his oonjcienco have fair play. How can he dump the spirits rf this pretty young lady, who is so plainly depending upon him to let her have a pleasant afternoon. If aha has cho?en to elect him as her clerk-of the weather for this special day, is he to Wtlio nho to refuse to do her allegiauco? From the first j hour on which aho had stepped aboard his ; employer's yacht, now some wrcka ago, he had auccumbcd to bar charms—to her gcutle, I frtondly way of treating him and all the other ] Railora. ! "Mr. Lodio'a party not como y?f?" say* Hume, morn as a remark than a question, li" No, air; not as yet, Something'!* kept them, I suppose." ' I The something, whatever it is, keeps them so long that at lost it' dawns upon the minds, of those waiting7 for them, on board % the yacht that, in: probability, they do hot mean -to come at all. ; "Too bad it they have really thrown us over," eaye Humo, coming up to Nan, after a brief consultation with Grogson, who has just given it as hi9 opinion that the Leslies are weather, wise folk. <«You think they won't come then r lays Nau, in a disappointed tone.^ 41 Well, you seo it is growing lata.' 44 But not so very late. It is only beoause the day is dark that it looks eo like evening.", Tho disappointment is growing mow intense. 44 You gee—Grogson pays - he believes iboy mistrust the :day." As he says this he is conscious of a feeling that he is in fault some-; how. 4 4 Really? Oh!' how horrid of them! Just liko Jack Leslie ; such a girl of a man, always^ afraid of a wet jacket. And," defiantly, 4,it isn't going to rain either." . 41 There aro worse things than rain ! I don t fancy," smiling, 44 he was afraid of that or of anything, indeed, beyond the fact that I shouldn't tako out the yacht. Gregsonj says " 44 Gcegson says it will be a grand evening,^ says Nan promptly. 441 aeked him about it and he said that. If Jaok wasn't afraid of his jaoket ho was afraid of seasickness._ There is," with a steady look at hira, 44 nothing else to fear. Even if—outside there .pointing to the sea outside the harbour, 44 it should be a little rough, who cares about that?" Who, indeed, with those large dark entreat ing eyes fixed on his ? But then the defalca tion of the Leslies had left her without a chaperone. Gould he possibly—no matter how keenly ske may desire this sail that ho can give her, and he alone—could he possibly take her out with, him, and keep her away from her friends for eo m*ny hours, without another woman, without——. No, it iB not to be' thought of! Here he turnB to flay 00, as gently a9 be can, and once more meets her questioning eyed. They are growing almost pathetic now. Whereupon he stoela his heart. No, certainly it is not be thought of for a moment. Those earnest beseeching eyes still hold him. Well —at all even s—if it is to be thought of—it ia to be thought of for a long time'firBtl' 41 I'm eo distressed about it all," he says, sitting down beside her, and looking really un happy. 44 To think you should have' had your tiring drive tere all for nothing." 14 But why for nothing ? ' "Because I suppose I must now take you home again?" 4 Oh, don't say that," eaye Nan, her eyes filling with tears. 44 Hast I go home, and without even one delightful rush through'the "waves ? N ot even one sail! And it is so eatly yet. Could wo not go out for even an -hour or so ? Just," co&xingly;,44 for one little hour ?" 44 After all, I don't Eee that-it could make much difference,'' says Hume. He turns to Gregson, who is near— 44 What about a short sail, Gregaon?" says he. 44 As you will, fir," says Gregsoh, and half an hour later sees them outride the harbour running swiftly eastwards before a.-atrong and. ever-inoreasing wind. > - They have passed Adam and Eve now—the two islands that stand at the mouth of " the harbour -and have left them so far bohind that the flocks of blaok divers perched on their heights look less like birds than rows of ragged edges of rock. 41 Like the teeth of a giant's comb,".'Bays. Nan with a little laueh, so full of purest en joyment that it does Home's heart good to hear it. Ab she speaks she Bhakes out of her pretty hair, the salt drops of spray thit an admiring ooean has flnng at her. " 44 How you like the sea!" says Hume.- - 44 That is too poor a word; I love it. Do you know," with a little touch of gravity that sits sweetly on her, 441 don't believe iBhonld over havo grown quite strong again, if it hadn't been for this yacht, and therefore—kindly— "foryou. .AU tho spring and early summer I was laid low by that hitcfal fever, and then came that first day on board this boat—out at sea, with the frerii breeze blowing round mc, and the da-h if the salt waves in iny face, and the sweet, mild smell of tho sea everywhere. Oh, it put no v life into me !" 44Did it?" says he rio*ly. Aud then, a little quicker, 441 wonder if you can gncs3at thenewlifeyoupntintomo?" * He checkVhinigelf hero, ashamed of - him-* [self,. Etc ia; not'-'tha time or pUco to'betray 'his love for her. . -*r 44 Come down and have some lonoh," he says abruptly, in as matter of fact a toue as he can" conjure up at a inomoit. when his, heurt is so full of joyful hope. Far out at sea th> fishing boats can bo seen; some near, some eo many miles di-tnut that they show but indistinctly against the grey horizon, and are half lost in a delicate cloud 01 mist. All seem, however, to bi making for honn even thus early in the ufterno'jn ; and ono by one they pass them by, tho Zephyr making over ouwa:d«, making a porfec: picture against tho dark green of tho ocfau, with her whito sails shiuing like ailvsr in the sullen light. Pari Millkoove Hatbonr now tbey go, and how Sbeoprcovs is left behind, end thoy are looking almost into Ro a Bay, lying snugly betwetn-two hills, and with the apiro of St; Faugiman'a Cathedral—that most ancient of saints—rising high aba70 tho gravoyatd trees.' Below i? tho' coastguard station gleaming enow-white, over thcro tho verdant woods; of Cregaue, mounting from sea to sky. And now all thin is forgotten, and thoy bdyc left behind them not only Castle H-jtuo frowning dovp upon tin'augry waves, but the'lighthoasb.at the Galley ITc/id, that good friend to those ■44 that go down to the sea in ships, that do I burines* in groat waters." 1 The eca has grown the colour of nn Ivy loaf, i uud hore and there groat bands of palest green , lie between d trk borders. The sky is lowering, ; and aeemi ut if it grow toward* tho ooean, i whilst the « vret drifting mists of ovening have | changed into a wild, wet ahowor, mingled with I a hoarse and rising galg of'wind th&t; rashes through the Balls with angry defiant shrieks, Whilst,' from J the' rocks and tiny, islets lying round, and now halt hidden by the clouds of foam that the. violtnt wators have oast npwuds to the'frowning heavens, thousands'of seaghlls' rise, and. with discordant cries fly inland as though soenting the coming storm. . And now-all at onon—with an awful sud denness, the evening dies, and night descends; within five minutes, or perhaps a little more, the outline of the coai-t disappears, and dark ness settles on both sea and land. The wbita wings of the: terrified gulls vanish as'if:.-by magio, and as if by magic too, the whole ex panse of heaven seems on firo—peal aftor peal of thunder rends tho air—a mighiy wind, let loose, rushes-aoross the deep,, The storm so long impending has at length canght oarth and water in its fierce ombrace. 