.NIN ET Y-THREE LBY VICTOR Huao.] THIRD PART. BOOK II. CHAPTER VII. As Gauvain turned, he saw behind him Sergeant Radoub, standing erect, his eyes on the ground, and giving the salute. 'What is it, Sergeant Radoub ?' ' Citizen Commandant, we, the sol diers of the Regiment of the Red Cap, have a favour to ask you.' ' What is it ?' S- To let us get killed.' ' Indeed,' answered Gauvain. ' Will you have that kindness ?' 'But thasdepends oncircumstances,' said Gauvain. '?Look here, Commandant, since the affair at Dol you have been too careful of us, and there are twelve of us re Smaining.' ' Well ?' ' That is humiliating to us.' 'You form the reserve.' SWe had rather be the advance guard.' ' But I have need of you to decide the day at the close of the action, and it is for this reason that I keep you back.' ' Too much so.' I can't help that; you are in the main body, and march with it.' ' In the rear; but Parisian rogi mentt Kaye the right to march at the I will think over the matter, Ser geant Radoub.' 'Think of it today, Commandant, whilst there is a chance; there will be hard blows to be exchanged. It will be rough work. La Tourgue will burn the fingers of those who touched it. We ask the favour of making one with those who are there.' The sergeant paused, gave his moustache a twist, and continued in a broken voice, 'Besides, just see here, Commandant; our babies are in this tower, our children are there, the adopted children of the regi ment. That frightful boast they call S'Break the Blues,' and Imanus, this Gouge le Bruant, this thunder of God, a spawn of the devil, threatens our children. Our children, our little mites, Commandant. If earthquakes were to join this business we cannot permit any misfortune to happen to them. Do you understand that? iWe do not wish it, A short time ago I took advantage of the truce, and mounting the plateau, saw them ,:.through a window. Yes, they are mere .i" siire. You. can see them through the window from the edge of `: he ravine. I saw them, but the little Sloves were afraid of me. My Com. mandant, if a single hair of their ea- d " is injuredi; I ew ?lf ito you, by a tholsanid names. or Avery thing sacred, that I, Sergeant Radoub, will take revenge out of some one's carcase, be he who he may. And the whole of the regiment say the same. We either want the babies saved, or we wish to be all of us killed. It is our right. VPentra. boumne ! Yes, all killed, and so, Commandant, my respects to you.' Gauvain extended his hand to Radoub, and said, 'You are all brave men. Yoet shall join the stormers. I will divide you into two parties. I will put six of you in the van, so that the men will be p}pei d, t?d six in the r?ar, so that p~: qne pan retreat.' 8hall I ts usual ommnirud the [i t"! lve?; S: ` '· ' A s s u r e d l y . ' ! Then thanks, Commandant, I am Soff to join the vanguard.' Radoub saluted, and went back to.1 his place in the ranks. Gauvain looked at his watch, whispered a few : words to Gudchamp, and the attack ing forces began to form. At t HAPTER VIII. At this moment Cimourdain, who had not yet taken up his position, ap proached a trumpeter, who stood by Gauvain's side, and said, ' Sound.' The trumpet sounded, the horn re : plied once more. : What does this mean, Gu6ohamp?' asked Gauvain. ' What does Cimour Sdain want?' Cimourdain moved towards the tower, holding up a white handker chief, raised his voice and spoke. 'Do you know me, you men in the tower ?' A voice, the voice of Imanus, an swered from the summit, ' Yes !' A dialogue then ensued, audible to the bystanders. ' I am the envoy of the Republic.' ' You are the ex-priest of Parign6e.' ' I am the Delegate of the Com mittee of Public Safety.' ' You are a priest !' 'I am the Representative of the Law.' ' You are a renegade.' ' I am the Commissioner of the Re volution.' 'You are an apostate! ' ' I am Cimourdain.' ' You are a devil! ' ' Do you know me ?' ' We hate you.' ' Would you be pleased to hold me in your power?' ' There are eighteen of us here who would give our heads for yours.' ' Very well, I have come to give my self up to you!' A burst of cruel laughter floated dowfffrom the summit of the tower, accompanied by the cry, 'Come then ! ' There was throughout the camp a silence of- breathless interest, as Cimourdain resumed the parley. ' Oh one condition !' ' What ?' 'Listen!' ' Speak !' 'You hate me.' 'We do.' 'And I love you.-. I am your brother.' A voice from the top of the tower replied, ' yes, our brother Cain.' 'Insult me, but listen,' answered Oimourdain, in tones at once strange and sweet. ' I have come here under the safeguard of a flag of truce; Yes, you are my brothers; you are poor, misguided men. I am your friend. I am light speaking to ignorance. Light is ever brotherhood. Besides, have we not a common mother, our country? Well, listen to be. You will in the future know, or your children will know, or your children's children will know, that what is being done now is the result of a command from on High, that the Revolution is God's choicest work. Whilst waiting for the time when all understandings, even yours, will comprehend, when all prejudices, even yours, will vanish away, waiting until the great light shall shed its beams upon you, shall no one have pity on your darkness? I come to you, I offer you my head; nay, more, I stretch out my hand. I ask you to slay me, that you may save yourselves. I have full power, and that which I say, I can do. This is a last moment; I make one final effort. Yes, he who. addresses you is a citizen, and in that citizen is a priest; the citizen strives with you, but the priest entreats. Listen to me ! Many amongst you have wives and children. I am taking up the defence of your wives and children, defending them, aye, against yourselves, Ah ! my brothers-' 'Go gnd preach, priest,' sneered Imanus. Oimourdain continued, - ' My brothers, do not let the fatal hour strike. There will be carnage and slaughter; many of those who are here to-day will never see to-morrow's sun rise. Yes, many of us will perish, and you, all of you, are going to die. Show mercy to yourselves. Why uselessly shed all this blood ? Why kill so many, when the lives of two will suffic ?' ' Two ?' repeated Imanus. ' Yes, two.' ' Who ?' 'Lantenac and I.' Once more he raised his voice. ' There are two men too many here-Lantenac for us, I for you. This is what I offer you, and you will have all your lives saved. Give us Lantenac, and take me. Lantenac will be guillotined, and you shall do what you like with me.' ' Priest,' roared Imamus, ' if we had you, we would roast you at a slow fire.' 'I agree,' said Cimourdain, and went on, ' You who are condemned to death in his ttower, can in an hour be free and living. I bring safety, to I you; will you accept it ' - Imanus burst out~ . Ybuare not only a ~-iBirel, but a madman. Why do you come here to distrh Au ? Who asked you to icone and speak to us? We give up our lord! What more do you want, pray ? ' ' His head, and I offer-' ' Your skin! Ah, Priest Cimour dain ! we would flay you like a dog. Well, we refuse; your skin is not worth his head, so be off with you.' 'This is too awful. For the last time, reflect.' Night crept on whilst these threatening 'words were exchanged which could be heard both within and without the tower. The Marquis de Lantenac kept silence, and al lowed others to act for him. Leaders have their feelings of sinister ego tism. It is one of the rights of re. aponsibility. . Imanus ceased rpeaking to iumou-= I dain, and shouted to the troops be hind him ' Mena who are about to attac -S, We hbfe miadde bu pi'posals to you, and they will not be changed. Will you accept them ? If not, woe to all. Do you consent? We will give up the three children who are there, if you give us all the right of life and exit.' ' To all of you,' answered Cimour dain, 'except to one.' 'And that one ?' ' Is Lantenac.' 'Our lord! Give up our lord? Never !' ' We must have Lantenac.' ' Never !' ' We can only treat with you on that condition.' ' Then commence.' Silence reigned. Imanus, after having sounded the signal of warning on his horn, de scended the staircase. The marquis took his sword in his hand. The nineteen placed themselves in silence behind their shelter in the tower hall, and then fell upon their knees. They could hear the steady tramp of the column as it advanced to the attack of the tower through the gloom. The sound grew clearer. Suddenly it came close to them, at the entrance to the breach. Then the kneeling garrison took aim with their muskets and blunderbusses through the loop holes of the barricade, and one of them, Grand Francceur, who was the Priest Turmeau, rose to his feet, a naked sabre in one hand, and a crucifio in the other, and said in a solemn voice, 'In the name of' the Father, the son, and the Holy Ghost.' All fired at the same time, and the battle began. CHAPTERl ]X. TITANS AGAINST GIANTS. Ic was indeed terrible. The hand-to-hand fight surpassed all that could be imagined. To find anything that could bear comparison to it, we must go back to the great duels of 2Eschylus, or to the feudal butcheries, ' the attacks with short arms,' which lasted down to the seventeenth century, when soldiers penetrated into strong holds by false breaches, fatal assaults ; where, says the old sergeant of Alen tejo, the 'mines having done their work, tlie besiegers advanced, bearing boards covered with sheets of tin, fur nished with rondelets and mantlets, and equipped with hand grenades, and forced the besieged to abandon their entrenchments or shelter trenches, and thus gaining ground they vigorously pushed the garrison back. The point of attack was frightful; it was one of those breaches called in technical language 'a covered breach,' that is, a fissure passing through a wall from one side to the other, and not an open breach in the wall, with the sky above it. The powder .had acted like an auger, and its effect was so violent that the tower had been cracked for'more than forty feet above the mine; but this was only a crack, and the practicable aperture that served as a breach, and gave an entrance into the 'tower chamber, was more.like a perforation made by a lance than a piece cut out by an axe. It was a puncture in the flank of the tower, a long penetrating fracture, something like a well laid on its side, a winding passage, mount ing like an intestine through a wall fifteen feet in thickness; a hideous misshapen cylinder filled with all kinds of indescribable obstacles, where you struck your head against the granite, and your feet against the rubbish, before your eyes became accustomed to the darkness. In front of the assailants was a black and gloomy arch like the mouth of a gulf, which had for its upper and lower jaws all the stones of the demolished walls; the mouth of a shark has not more teeth than this frightful open ing. It was necessary to enter this gulf and then to get outof it. With in it crashed the volleys, without rose the shelter; when we say without, wemean in the hall on the groundfloor. The conflicts of the sappers in covered galleries when the counter mine succeeds in cutting the mine, below decks in a vessel carried by boarding in a naval engagement, could alone equal this for its savage ferocity. A fight in the bottom of a grave is the very acme of horror. The thunder of the assailants an swered to the thunder in ambuscade; explosion answered to explosion. First came Gauvain's shout of 'Break through them!' then Lantenac's cry, ' Keep firm front against them!' then the yell of Iminus, 'Rally, men of Maine!' The clash of sword against sword, blow against blow, frightful discharges killing all around. The torch fastened to the wall showed dimly this scene of unutterable horror. It was impossible to distin guish anything clearly. All was black smoke, tinged with a blood etained hue, Anyone entering this Pandemonium becamtO suddenly deaf and blind; deaf with 'the din, blind with the smoke. Disabled men lay helpless amongst the ruins. They trampled on the dead, they trod on bleeding wounds, and crushed broken limbs. Shrieks and yells rose up from the ground. Men had their feet bitten by dying men, and at intervals there were silences more terrible than the noise itself. They grappled with each other; there were sounds of sup. pressed breathing, then gnashing of teeth, oaths and death rattles, and then once more the thunder would com mence. A river cf blood flowed from the tower through the breach, and was lost in the darkness of the night. It seemed as if the tower itself was bleeding like a wounded giant. And yet, what was most wonderful, but little noise was heard withotS. The night was very dark, and in both forest and plaiin around the assaulted fortress, a &pecies; of funereal peace reigned. Within was a hell; outside Was a tomb. This onset of com batants tearing each othle to pieces ii the darkness, thaei6 crashing volleys of musketry, these yells, these fierce 'at~ions-all this din was deadened by the thickness of the walls and arches. Air was wanting to carry the sound, and to slaughter was added the horrors of suffocation. Be yond the tower but little. could.be heard. The children slept 'through it all. The butchery went on; the garrison continued to hold their shelter; nothing could have been harder. than the attempt to force this barricade with a re-entering angle. If the odds in numbers were against the besieged, they had. the advantage in position. The attack ing column lost many men. Formed in file outside the tower, it forced its way slowly into the breach, like a snake twisting its way into its hole. (To be Continued.) 