SOME GHOST STORIES According to the New York Sun, a number of questions on spiritism and kindred subjects were recently submitted to certain prominent American citizens with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. Dr. Allan M'Lane Hamilton sent the following story, for which he vouches:— CALLED AWAY I will tell you a true ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever I think of it, When I was in Shanghai, China, in 1878, in com- pany with Ling Look and Yamadeva (we were then travelling under the name of the Royal Illusionists), one afternoon Chang, the Chinese giant ; Ling Look, Yamadeva, several ship captains and I, drove out on the Bubbling Well road to the Hermitage, a sort of summer garden about four miles from the English quarter of Shanghai, and while there we all took part in a game of tenpins. One of the captains, a burly German, made a great many ten strikes by throwing the largest b all in the sack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain in the right breast. We drove him back to the city and summoned an English physician, who pro- nounced it a case of ruptured muscles, and as- sured us that the young man would be all right in a few days. On the fourth day after the acci- dent Yamadeva was apparently so much better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to go with us to Hong Kong on the steamship Khiva, which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about mid- night on the first night out I was awakened by two piercing shrieks of 'Kellar ! Kellar!' These were the last words Yama- deva ever spoke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying in Ling Look's arms — he was dead. The ship's doctor said he had burst a blood vessel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented to carry the body to Hong Kong, and the ship's carpenter made a rough coffin, and the remains of our companion were de- posited on the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about 9 o'clock, while the ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Gray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray, a clergyman and I were seated on deck in the aft, when suddenly there was a clear and distinct whistle — ti-ta-tati- tati — such as our company used for the purpose of recognition. We all were very much astonished, and more or less excited. Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, "That is Yama- deva whistling,'' and answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti-ti ! This was imme- diately answered by the correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gave the first call, ti-ta-ti-tati-tati-. This was immediately answered by the invisible power with tioo- tati. The calls were repeated by Ling several times and each time the correct reply came from the air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as every place was carefully searched. The ship's officers at first made light of the affair, but when the whistling was repeated, and Ling Look would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the cap- tain said it was the most wonderful thing he had ever experienced in his life. Ling Look in- sisted on opening the coffin to see if Yama- deva was really dead, and when he viewed the body he said, "Yamadeva is calling me, and I must go with him." Poor Ling Look was taken sick in Hong Kong and died in the hospital there, and we buried him beside his brother Yamadeva. They are resting side by side in Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Hong Kong. THE PHANTOM DOCTOR Dr. Daniel Greenleaf Thompson, president of the Nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor:— I was spending the summer at Newport, where I had gone to recuperate from the arduous duties of my profession, which I met a girl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not only ignored my existence, but that she was already engaged to another man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least cool the ardour of my pas- sion. From the first moment of our meeting I loved her as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived in the same boarding- house — a pretty vine covered cottage over- looking the sea — we rarely met except at meal times. Emily and her betrothed, whose name was James Jerome, usually wandered off by themselves during the daytime, leaving me a prey to a fierce, consuming jealousy : and in the evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate vainly trying to fix my atten- tion upon a book, I could hear the faint mur- mur of their voices from a retired corner of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moontouched ocean. One night, however, something occurred that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It happened in this way : I had gone to bed impressed with that acute, mysterious sense of coming evil which sometimes affects the most phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness of the air, the oppressive stillness, and the gentle rhythmic swish of the water against the cliffs below. I do not know how soon I fell asleep, nor how long I continued to sleep, but I was roughly awakened after a time by a loud rap at my door. Spring- ing out of bed, I drew the bolt and inquired what was wanted. To my utter astonishment Emily stood before me, her white wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hall. Her hair, long and golden, was unbound and floated in shining strands over her shoulders. She appeared to be greatly agitated, while as for me I was so overcome by the unexpected sight of her there that I could feel my heart beat against the panel of the floor on which I leaned. In a few words she told me what was wrong.. Her lover, Jerome, had been taken violently ill. I was a physician, as she well knew. Would I come at once and give my assist- ance? She had been summoned by one of the housemaids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily's mother, a semi-invalid herself, was already stationed in the sick room. The instant I re- assured her, saying I would come immediately, she withdrew, vanishing down the corridor, a moon-illuminated, ghostly figure, and I heard her descend to the floor below. When, five minutes later, I reached Jerome's apart- ment, I found him suffering from internal pains of great violence, the cause of which I was unable to determine. He became quieter after I had administered some morphine, and presently, fell into a profound sleep. Emily remained in the room, and as I watched Jerome I saw that she regarded, me intently, sus- piciously. It cut me to the heart to think I was an object of distrust to her; but the mere fact of finding myself compara- tively alone with her at that silent hour of the night intoxicated me with joy. When I returned to my room my pulse was bounding with excitement. For some time I tossed about, unable to sleep. When at last repose came I dreamed a strange and horrible dream. I heard Emily's voice call me by name and summon me to Jerome's chamber. I rose and dressed, and went down the creaking stairs to his door, which I opened. He was lying in bed, and I myself watched beside him. No one else was there. Oh, how I hated him and how I loved Emily ! How I loathed his very presence ! A fiendish impulse came over me to kill him — an impulse that momentarily grew stronger. My body standing on the threshold saw my spirit cautiously measure a dose of poison from a vial. Then with blanched face I rose Jerome on his pillow, and, forcing open his teeth, I gave him the deadly draught. A look of unutterable horror came into the sick man's face— a look I shall never forget. But fearful convulsions seized him. He writhed in agony, and in a moment lay still and rigid. A wild delight possessed me. I cried aloud and awoke. Good God ! not to find myself in bed at all, but standing shivering in the hall with an empty vial clutched in one hand, and the cool, grey morning creeping through the window. For a brief space I was dazed, stunned, horrified beyond mea- sure. How came I here ? Gradually I recalled the summons in the night. The incidents, one by one, came back to me. I remembered I had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream rushed, upon my memory. I knew that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome — murdered him because I wanted , the woman he loved, and whose affection he had won, for myself. I had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out upon me as this awful truth became clear to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down the stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking day fell directly across his motionles figure. I advanced with a halt- ing, staggering gait, and peered into his face, It was ashen. My eyes glared in horrible apprehension as I placed one hand upon his forehead. The touch chilled me from head to foot like ice. He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then I fled from the room, and for a time knew no more. I will pass over the hours of desperate agony that followed. Suffice it to say that, although I feel perfectly irresponsible for Jerome's death, I yet knew instinctively that I had murdered him. The empty vial, my unaccountable presence in the hall, my dream, all pointed to a shocking and loath- some reality. I knew that on my soul rested the burden of this horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in the tragedy. The trouble and the excitement incident to the calamity that had occurred in the house caused Emily to be utterly prostrated. I had not seen her since that fatal morn- ing when I awoke to find myself branded as a murderer. Like a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Then I remember, I heard that she, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required a second time. The misery that took possession of me knew no bounds. I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. I shrank from the possible path into which my other self — that hideous phantom of myself — might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I pre- scribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All the time my heart went out to the poor suffering girl whose anguish Ihad caused. I loved her more than ever. I rushed away, and once sought forgetfulness in sleep, and once more I dreamed. I saw myself steal on tip- toe along the dusky corridor, starting back affrighted when I thought to hear a sudden moonlight to the deep gloom of the staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the open, doorway I saw the interior, red- dened by the lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, sat by the sleeping girl, holding one of her hands in mine. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim. My breath came in thick gasps as I saw myself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Emily in bed and gave her the medi- cine. She began to struggle violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vice and forced the liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent, pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sickening compression about my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself half- dressed on the stairs -with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time I had been guilty of murder, and the woman I adored had been my victim. I knew that she died by my hand. So it after- ward proved. She was dead : poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on the floor. The clear day was advanced. The fresh salt air blew upon my fevered temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid the trans- parent green of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own soul. I was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity. My spirit appeared to be slipping from my body as a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. I heard myself appeal to God for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. I realised the fact that dis- solution was imminent. My eyes were as stone — sightless. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek — such a shriek as might have come straight from the in- nermost depth of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone in my own room—not in New- port, but in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and, with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught but dreams within dreams — visions wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLAYING WITH A CORPSE Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the fol- lowing: — Among the most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adapta- bility to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the family and the envy of his fellow- students. In course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed won an appoint- ment as assistant surgeon at one of the smaller Dublin, hospitals. He filled this position with much success, his one fault being an insatiable thirst for scien- fic investigation, which led to a prone- ness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : "When in doubt, always operate." One evening, some months after Tiernay had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends — his former fellow students at the university — were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in tipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiernay to their heart's content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaff ? Just this : The death of a woman under the knife, with Tiernay as the surgical operator ! Ah, my friends, hospital practice blunts the feelings and makes men pretty callous ! The hospital surgeon comes to regard human flesh as simply so much ligament and fibre ; human bone is simply so much osseous tissue. The circumstances in the case referred to by Tiernay's friends were about as follow : — A woman in an advanced state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. There were certain complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could not survive, and, well — to put it bluntly — it was charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernay had performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still alive. The assembled company listened with great interest to the medical points gleaned from this investigation, and then, their thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternately referred to in the most jocose vein as "the victim" and "the martyr." Tiernay, of course, denied the im- putation cast out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tienay, the guests turned their conversation to the subject of nerve power. Out of this conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernay a supper at the Garter that he would not dare go into the morgue in the basement in the hospital, where the body of the poor "victim" lay, and sit for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 he was to rise, stand over the corpse, and repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, "I command you to arise !" Tienay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the mid- night hour. Tienay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. "I command you to arise !" What was that: Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense ! Was he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves ? Once more his voice rang out, louder than before : "I command you to arise !" Horror upon horror! There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore back the sheet. No, no— it could not hive been ! "I command you to arise !" As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned "the victim" back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friendgs burst in the room, they found him babbling and chuckling at the feet of the corpse. His reason was gone : he was an idiot. Had the poor ''victim" claimed her re- venge? Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? No; there was no such sensational re- tribution as this ! After all, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at a critical moment, galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results de- scribed followed. 