SIR WM. MACGREGOR'S OWEN STANLEY EXPEDITION. The report witton by Sir Wm. Mac gregor, K.C.M.G., of his expedition to the summit of the Owen Stanley Range, in New Guinea, was read ant the meeting of the Royal Geographical Society on 9th December last, and is published in the April number of the proceedings of the society. The following is the discussion on the paper, which has already appeared in our columns : " The paper which I am about to read is the report of Sir William Macgregor, Governor of British New Guinea, on his ascent of tho Owen Stanley Range in the months of April to June last. The explora- tion of this lofty range of highlands, which extends along the south-eastern peninsula of New Guinea at a distance of sixty miles or seventy miles from the coast, has been, as you are aware, the great desideratum in the geography of the British part of this great island, since Port Moresby was settled by our missionaries about twelve years ago. It was first discovered, I believe, by Lieutenant Yule when surveying the coast from the Gulf of Papua in the schooner Bramble in 1846. On that occasion the westerly end only was sighted, where a peak, named Mount Yulw on our charts, was seen and carefully trian- gulated, its height being found to bw 10,040ft. The extension of thw range to the south-east, and its more lofty peaks, were discovered by Captain Owen Stanley on his surveying expedition in the Rattlesnake in 1849 and 1850. The range, hidden by a lower coast range when close inshore, was seen from a distance out at sea (for the expedition never landed in this part), and the altitude of a number of peaks was ascertained by triangulation on two separate occasions. Seen at this distance, th range appeared as a continuous eleva- tion, and is so described by Macgillivray, the historian of the voyage, who states that on a clear day it was visible in a length of 300 miles. One of the important geo- graphical results of Sir William Mac- gregor's expedition is to show that the range is not a continuous ridge, but a broad belt of steep and rugged mountains separated from each other by val- leys and ravines. To ascertain the nature of this range of highlands, and that of the country beyond whether a plateau suitable for settle- ment or not, has been the object of many expeditions since the settlement of Port Moresby. First in the field was the enterprising missionary, Mr. Chalmers, who reached tha lower hills at the foot of the highest peak in 1879. Since then, Mr. Goldie explored the valley of a river which flows from the range, along which a party of Australian gold-hunters reached the foot-hills. Expeditions were next, in 1883, despatched by the enterprise of two Australian newspapers, for the express pur- pose of reaching the summit, and, if possible, crossing the island to the north coast ; that of the Argus was commanded by Captain Armit, and tho other, sont by the Melbourne Age, by Mr. Morrison. Both failed to reach even the foot of the high range, the failure boing due partly to physi- cal obstacles, the extremely rugged nature- of the intervening country, and partly to the ill-will of the natives, in 1886 and 1887 Mr. H. O. Forbes, the well known traveller, partly under the auspices of our society, made two attempts to make the ascent, both of which resulted in failure. All these attempts were made from the south or south-east from Port Moresby, from which side it is now believed the high peaks are extrcmely difficult to reach. New attempts made from lower down the coast in 1887 were more successful. In that year Messrs. Hartmann and Hunter reached a considerable height, and a more important expedition, sent by tho Government of Vic- toria, under Mr. Cuthbertson, reached, as it was thought, the summit of Mount Obree (10,246ft.). But this lies at the lower south eastern end of the range, and has boon found by Sir Wm. Macgregor not to form a part of it." This paper was illustrated by lantern slide views of the scenery and natives, exhibited and explained by Mr. A. P. Good- win, one of tho European companions alluded to by Sir Wm. Macgregor, who ac- companied him as far as the summit of Mount Musgrave. In the discussion which followed, Baron Von Hugel said tho people whom Sir William Macgregor had mot on his way to the high peaks of the Owon Stanloy Range were most interesting from an ethnological point of view, but the paper did not give many details about them. Judging from the little that was known, they evidently belonged to a different tribe from those on the coast. As yet, so far as he know, no weapons or manufactured articles had been procured from the interior. All the other New Guinea implements, utensils, and weapons were very characteristic in their ornamentation, and the Northern people had a totally different way of ornamenting clubs, spears, &c;, from those of the south- west. Mr. G. R. Askwith said he went with Sir Peter Scralchley's expedition to New Guinea. He remembered how, as they approached the shore from the south-west, the peaks of the Owen Stanley Range were soon above the clouds, looking like a cloud themselves. No man, as far as was known, had ever reached these heights, and Sir William Macgregor might proudly claim honour for that which he had accomplished. The white man trusted that beyond lay a land more fertile than on the coast. The native would have claimed that there dwelt only the ghosts of tho departedl, and that as those became lighter and lighter, and ceased to haunt the plains, so they were " numborcd with the many" upon tho distant and unknown mountains. It was to be hoped that Sir William Macgregor had shattered the belief of the natives, and had shown that there might be a country beyond the peaks useful to those who now held rule over the land. New Guinea was situated with regard to Queensland just as Ireland was to Great Britain. It required to be developed, taken care of, and fostered, not the less because it hail a large population of aborigines. He was sure that Sir William Macgregor would think it no disparngement of his work if it were said that ten years ago it would have been impossible to get to the top of the range. Sir William had been in a position to build on the labours of his predecessors, and it was owing to the labours of naval officers, such as Captain Moresby, and such missionaries as Mr. Chalmers and Mr. Lawes, that he had been able to get Papuans to follow him through districts where hostility might have been expected. Formerly the only carriers a traveller could have obtained would have been the inhabitants of the particular village in which he found himself, who would not have dared to go beyond the borders of their own village But Sir Wm. Macgregor had boen able at Port Moresby to get carriers to accompany him through the country, where without doubt some rumours of the British name had spread. When he (Mr. Askwith) was at Port Moresby, some hillmnan came down, attracted by the news that a ship had put into the harbour. They were covered with blotches of hair, hideous in themselvos, and still more hideous in their wives. If such natives had not known who the people were who had come among them, they would with the greatest pleasure have put an end to them on any plea which com- mended itself to their view. He himself, twelve miles from Port Moresby, had met some natives of the Koiari tribe head-hunting. Some neighbouring vil- lagers had taken the lives of some of their people, and they were determined to have heads in return. What chance would unwary travellers have ageinst men whose aim was unerring ? He had seen a penknife put upon a bank and a native hit it at twenty yards' distance three times in succession. As to the future of this land no man could as yet foretell. Ho could only hope that its harbours might be busy coaling stations on the highway between Australia and China, and that the country beyond those misty heights might become a sanatorium for Queensland, as Darjeeling was for Calcutta. Mr. P. L. Sclator, F.R.S., said New Guinea was a most attractive ground to any student of natural history, particularly to one who had devoted the greater part of his time to the study of birds. The great group of Paradise birds was peculiar to the mountains and lands of New Guinea and the adjacent parts of Australia. Mr. Goodwin had drawn up some notes about those that were found during the expedition. There were twelve or thirteen of them, some being of the most extraordinary character. Now that Sir William Macgregor had shown the way up the Vanapa Uiver, it was to be hoped that others would follow him. Of course, the few plants and animals as yet obtained from the Owen Stanley Range were a mere sample of what would be found by future explorers. He hoped that all the specimens obtained during the expedition would be placed in the hands of competent persons. The Presidont had no doubt that the members of the society would have given a warm welcome to Sir William Macgregor if he had been able to come among them after his very arduous and important expedition; but as he was far away they were extremely fortunate in having his freind, Mr. Maudslay, to read the paper for him. They had also been fortunate in finding in Lon- don Mr. Goodwin, who formed part of the expedition. He had but one remark to make in the nature of criticism upon the paper. It should be distinctly understood that the Royal Geographical Society must not be considered as in any way committed to Sir William Macgregors nomenclature. It would very likely turn out that the mountain to which he had given the name of Mount Victoria was christened some forty years ago Mount Owen Stanley. Evidently Sir William Macgregor was under the impression that the name of Captain Owen Stanley had been given only to the range and not to the peak. The Admiralty charts would hardly bear out that impression. 