WE ALL. A STORY OF YOUTHFUL LIFE AND ADVEH- 7 TURE IN ARKANSAS. . ' Br OCTAVE THANET. ' Author or "The Bishop's Vagabond," "Expiation," &c.; Chapter VI.— Tiie Telegram. >' Cecil was awakened next morning by a flood of golden light and the rattle of sticks on the hearth. For a moment all he could sco was & plaided baok and a woolly head framed by the (lames irhieh Vance was blowing. He awoke with that dizzy souse of dejection which comes to anyone who has forgotten a trouble in sleep, as soou as his oblivion is broken. "Ob yes," ho muttered, "I'm here, and dad Is'gono !" Tho interest which he had taken yesterday in the novel surroundings, tho queer excitement which had met him, the pleasure of distributing his gifts, the flatter- of welcome — somehow all had dropped flat. Yesterday, there was a kind of romance about tho old mansion built before the war. One pictured a rude half feudal mag. xiificencc belonging to those old dayB when every guest was offered his valet aud his horse as he is offered his hot water in the morning, now a days. Cecil was fond of reading stories of knights and ladie3 and tourneys. He had (though he 'kept it shyly to himself) a great notion of chivalry. He wished that be had been born in time to follow Richard tho Lion Hearted to 'Palestine. He wouldn't have run away from ' him. Never I f Last night there was a faint reminder of his dreams in tho stories which lie heard. The 1 slaves might servo for retainers ; and there wero real battles fought within riding distanco : where tnon had been killed, and a duel and a 'ghost and a beautiful distracted lady with her ttiair down figured in the legends. Altogether, Ceoil was a good deal cheered ; life was not /going to be so commonplace, after all. Ho was fnmnsod at the plantation store, ho thought tbo 'old gin picturesque. Ho was flattered by Alan Bud Sally's obvious admiration, r, "It's not half bad, though everything is Awfully shabby," thonghtMastcr Cecil, sondes eendingly. But this morning— how bare tho big room looked ! Its careful neatness could not hide tho Ve&tlier; blotches or tho odd old wallpapers, the 'sunken bricks of tbo firo place, the clumsiness Of tho irou fire dog3, the lack of furniture. (There were prints from illustrated papers, ij' All rights reserved. tastefully enough framed in glossy mauilla paper with brass taoks, grouped on tho wide ex- cause of -wall. The prints were woll chosen, tho effect was pretty, but tho young critic could tell at a glance that they were wood outs and not etchings ; hadn't he brought a fine Van Eliton to Mrs. Seyton and explained to Sally what a rcmarquc proof was? I fear Mr. Seyton himself did not know before. Ho was aroused by Vance trundling in a bath tub and depositing a steaming bucket of water on tho carpet, with a cheerful irresponsibility as to the result on the carpet possible only to a negro. "Mis' Sally 'low yo like bave yo'seff like Mist' Ally an' Missy," said Nance, giving Cecil a view of all his ivory. He spent an hour later describing to tbe group in tbe kitchen, who quite forgot break fast in their interest, theamazing splendors of tho guest's toilet arrangements, his silver backed brushes, his sponges, his towels, his glass bottles "dat ben cut plum ober lak a waffle." So impressed was Vance, indeed, that he hnd fits of abstraction during breakfast, in which he was lost to all outside souuds, gazing and grin ning at Cecil. Cecil was only conscious that the service was very queer, particularly when the angry notes oi a woman s voice and a sound oi tnumps and whacks, followed by stifled bowls, camo in through the passage way as soon as Vance re- tiled. "Only Aunt Cinda training Vance," tho colonel observed drily; "ho was uncommonly inattentive this morning." The table, Cecil thought, was on a level with the service. He searched his memory of other houses for bucIi cheap crockery or for plated silver ; yet, hero and there, an exquisite cut glass dish and one Sevres plate mingled with the common ware. " They lost all their silver in tho war," sagely concluded Cecil, "and they nron't rich enough to buy more." He pitied them, sincerely, if with a da9h of condescension, in hi» pity. Really they wero, on the whole, very well bred peoplo though — what was it that amusing Eng lishman called tho funny western congressman ? — provincial? Yes, tho Seytous wero pro vincial Meanwhile, he politely praised Aunt Cinda's corn dodgers, eating more than he wished. The unconscious Colonel smiled on him, well pleased, aud Mrs. Seyton studied his face with affectionate eyes, thinking "he is like Tom. I wish he liadu't that supercilious mouth, like Nellie Hopkins, but it is Tom's honest, bright smile." Tho talk, of course, turned on the news of yesterday. Colonel Soyton's investigations had only confirmed Aunt Valley's tale, except as to Aunt Pearl Hotckkiss, who was mightily sur prised to be told of her own tragic end. But she had heard the marauders. "They had " swarmed aouter de woods, shootin' an' kol- leriu'," Siio reckoned that thero were "nearly baout a hundred anyhow, there wore " fo' ur fivo, kase do swag ground' by do pig peu been all troraped up." None of tho victims had been hurt. But all were scared beyond sensible speech ; and not ono of them had patched togethor his courage enough to rido to "do big house," with tho news that night. "If over there was a nuisance it's my having to go to Little Rock on tho grand jury, to-day," said the Colonel, "but you — what's the matter, Vance ?" Vance had a folded paper in his hand aud a look of solemn importance on his apish visage. "Please sab, Mist' Morgan he got a telegraph fum do Ridgo by de telephone. Ho done writ it aout an' sen it hup by Lish Hit fo' Mis' Seyton, he say, an' he tickler baout she git it." The Colonel snatched the paper to read the despatch, which he instantly handed to his wifo with a loud exclamation. Cecil admired beauty in woman. His mother was a beautiful womau, who considered hersolf a beautiful one, in whioh belief she received plenty of encouragement. He had heard dis cussions of famous beauties' looks ever sinco ho was a little fellow in a velvet suit, leaning against his mother's knee and staring at the fine ladies over the tea tray. He wondered to him self if mamma would call cousin Sally hand some. At any rate, she had fine eyes and a beautiful, clear skin, and there was something that won him, something like tho cameos aud the statues, in her broad, low forehead, tbo way her hair grew back from her brow and the mark ing of her eyebrows. While ho stared a flush and a pallor swept over the Bweet face. " Dick. I must co with vou." Baid she. There was au almost imperceptible incli nation of Colonel Seytou's head in Cecil's direction. " I shall leave everything with Sally," said Mrs. Seyton, smiling. Now for tho first time Cecil thought that sho bad a beautiful smile. "lam sure Sally will manage everything," sho said, "andthore'a Aunt Cinda to see thoy don't starve and the house doesn't got a firo. Indeed, Dick, there's no other way, I must go with you." " Go where ?" cried Alan, with blunt dismay ; while Sally clasped her hands tightly on tho tablo edge, growing paler. "Your Aunt Ernestine is very sick; sho is afraid she will dio and the doctor has sent for me." Sally's eyes grew bigger and hor cheeks grow paler ; but Alau did not show much emotion. Ho filled his mouth with waffles before he re marked : " Oh, Aunt Ernestine ! She's always 'lowing Bhe's going to die. She got all hor kin up to Littlo Rock last September, 'cause sho was going to die, and sho never did die at all." "She in a very sick woman, the doctor says, and he aides mo to come," said Mrs. Seyton, quietly. " I don't think my boy would waut mo to refuse." " Yes, I would, every time," said Alan, moroHoly. " J had depended on you for this other affair," said Colonel Seyton. " You will have to do an you suggested to me this morning," said Mrs. Seyton. She smoothed awoy all objections, somehow, so quietly that it hardly seemed that sho did it, but rather as if tho objectors had thought better of thoir mind, themselves. Cecil scarcely realised that sho was going, rc- momhering the confusion of hurrying sorvants, tho buBtle of leave takiug which nttondod his own mother's departures ; until ho saw hor standing in her travelling dross, in tho great dingy hall, and could hoar the negro driver scolding his horses. A moment later only the sound of wheels on tho gravel returned to them; the plunter and his wifo wero gone. " Woll, I'm glad Cobbs ain't gone, too," growled Ally, "I most wish Aunt Ernostino would die and bo done with it ; site's always dying." A strong sense of injury grow on him with the remembrance, and he continued ; "Say Cecil, what you think she did when sho came to visit mamma, who sho always says is her favorite neico. She said I could have a birth day party. Sho proposed it and sho was going to give me a cako and send to tho Rock for ice croam ; truly, storo ice cream, you know, not frozen custard, liko Aunt Cinda makes. She's got heaps of money, so sho don't care. And, if you please, after tho plumb lot of 'em get here, she up aud be- gins dying, and then I had to send every one of 'cm homo and the doctor camo and — and " — Ally's voico was oliokcd at the dire climax — " Vanco and Judy hnd just got tho ice cream out of tho mould, you know, t'fetch it in, and thoy set it down to mako haste, got her medicines and propick round for her, and that fool Vanco set it down on tho stove and it plumb melted ! Urr 1 I like Cobbs a heap better. Cobbs says ho don t want to dio till he must, and then he'll bo dead long enough." "Who is Cobbs? " said Cecil. Sally explained that Cobbs had been their father s orderly during tho war and was now the plantation's blacksmith. But his gifts wero not confined to tho forgo, she explained. Having been apprenticed to a butcher uo made admirahlo sausage moat, and having served a winter in a confectioner's shop, he know how to freeze ice cream. Ho was also a fair carpenter, and mended tinware. " Thero ain't anything in this world Cobbs can't do if he sets his mind on it," declared Ally stoutly, "say there's no school, let's go and sco him." Cecil was ready enough for tho walk, and tho three sailed forth in search of Cobbs. Ho was not at tho smithy. The helper told them that he had gone to sco a sick horse (Cobbs was likewise a horse doctor), at the gipsies' camp. To tho gipsies camp, accordingly, a they fol lowed Cobbs, walking along the high bank, overlooking a cypress slash. The canvas waggons, tho jaded and rough coated horses, the blazing camp fire, and a group of tawny black haired children with enough bits of scarlet and yellow to make their rags picturesque, very soon told them the location of the camp. A little to the right a drowsy looking muzzled boar was being led up and down by a chain in the hands of tho woman. Ho walked wretch edly on his hind legs, every now and then dropping on all fours, when tho woman would scold him and hit him with a stick. A man lay on tho ground, propping his head on his hands and smoking a pipe. Occasionally he would givo some gruff diroofcions to the woman. Cecil surmised that tho only white man visi ble, who was rubbing somo kind of liniment on a horse's shoulder, must bo the often quoted Cobbs. He had expected a giant, but hero stood only a round shouldered littlo thiu man, in shabby jeans; with a diooping black mus-. taoho and a restless, merry black eye. Ally hailed him joyously : " Say, Cobbs !" Cooba might have answered had there not appearod a very curious interruption. Down the stoop bank a big mule come leaping and stumbling, and galloped up to the woman and bear. The mule's rider was an elderly man, short but very stiongly built, whose grey hair was long enough to blow in tho wind, and whose sallow face was clean shaven. He woro a slouch hat and a suit of cheap clothes, but whole and passably clean. There was nothing striking in his appearance, except the look of fury in his faco. As ho rode ho lashed his mule with a cruel thorn trco branch. He reined in the beast. In a loud tono he demanded, it might be of tbe woman, it might be of tho man : " "Where yo put my boy ?" The woman began a voluble disclaimer of having any boy ; but the man interrupted her. " Wo don'ta steal no boys," said he, "there ben a half starved boy como hero, get somcfin to eata. Wo no keep him, Mista Dawsey." Quick as a flash, tho man had jumped from his mule and d&itcd; round the tent. A shriek met him. The woman and man exchanged glances. Thero was a touch of pity in tho woman's. Tho man muttered something in Italian.. Only Cecil understood that ho said, " No use. It would got us into trouble." Almost instantly, Dawsey reappeared, dragg- ing uiier mm xuo same ioriorn imic ooy wnom Cecil had seen the day before. The man was lashing tho child savagely with the thorn branch. He seemed beside bimself with rage. Tho child hung limply on his arm, not struggling, neither crying, his wild eyes glanc ing desperately about him. All at onco those despairing eyes fell on tiie children. As if animated by now strength, the fierce littlo creature wrenched his head free, and with a swift movement, liko a rat, sank his tcoth into tho arm that held him. The pain made Dawsey relax his hold. . Be fore iiis free fist could clench and strike, the boy was flying across tho " slash." (To be Continued. J . 