Mr. Bggles's Con version, By Grosvenor Bunster. "Ghosts I" sneered Mr. Buggles, "bah I rot l humbug I Figments of tho imagina. tion, my dear sir- disordered digestion, queer liver and so on, Iknow. Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when sho was in a temper (as she usually was), used to say that if she died first sheo'd haunt me. Haunt me l ha I hat ha I Poor girl, poor silly girl I" Mr. Buggles was sitting over hli wine with three or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea of ghosts. He was a tall, lean, sepulchral sort of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogether one of those persons who, we should be naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural fancies. Moreover, he drank gin. His name was Jubbs. " Well, I don't know," said Mr. Jubbs. " Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her word." I " Eh ?" cried Mr. Boggles, setting down the glass which he was in the noact of rising to "I say that perhaps sbo'll keep her word." "Poolh, pooh," said Mr. Buggles. " Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and-ah-so on, ehould talk like that." " Vell," said n heavy.looking man named Jinks, " I don't know," and he drank off ris glass of port, "There's no telling," observed a small man witlh spectncles at the other end of the table. " Shakespeare tells ui that there ar. more things in heaven and earth tllhn are dreamt cf in our philosophy." " Shakespeare," said AMr. Buggles com. placently," was a--a-fool." Mr. Buggies was not the irst person in the world who had given uttelnce to th:s opinion. In the reign of the George the Third intellect, " S:'hakspeare is poor stuff," and tie George the Third intellect is the average order. Mr. Jinks and Mr. Jubbs felt angrieved. But when a man is dining with another ihe is, of uclsce, compelled to keep his opinions to hiomself. It was not until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their homeward way that they expressed them selves very strongly about Mr. Iluggles' rue method of disposing of a debateable question. " It it hadn't been I was sitting there as his guest his guest,"sonid Jinks, "I'd ha' told him what I thought of him." " Tell you what," said Jubbs, "It would serve him right to give him a scare." " It wouol. If we could raise tho ghostof his wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she dlied." " \\\e'll do it," cried the other with en thiIianm. " We'll do it. Confound the fitlelw with hin self opinionated rairs. l'd liii to e:e hint taken down it peg." WiheelellOupln the two frilenlds ttlereo nd then rtesolved that the thing Rhoui IIhe done, con. vin'tid that ii, woutl be the more easy of necomnlisthieint, innsmutcl an each inltilet. ively felt that Mr. Itnggles was a ratnk ht. posler, andl like mollst iodies, an arrant cowiatid. 'ItItIe aInsos,. al o lltiggloes still nllltntllll lld Ir tt hsdenllnt onntllh s I. Iut i exlstlltct of ghoits. Nevcrtheles, Ioo hati d latterly tbet(1 stetnmewhatt agitatel by a utiutry andt divtert rccetntrio noisies tandl ItLoyne llto to aroind atid ollllt his horSe, whIeh was a comlfrtablo hablilation Il Fitzroy, standing in a goodly ganrtd n and o thked by t oetshliertable tiehl, wtnoreill ntl Ale'rney now grlze. Now this erw hadi latterly exhibitced isomei , evdenee of nherrntiltns nf inteilleet. Shie woull begin to tli'iiitv fa?r 1t asueirlteitlllttllly taco11 ,l i '''Oit bellow for nn nreerlnutably reason about inhilight, and If not Ieheld op ln th"e stable woul t i aer arlo?ld th?e enelo('iiro furfitutly. eltiglt(ic iclte1d n veterinary surgeion, who ex dlnlllll t! 111t 11ial , aiId l11rull ttl el her n hiolthy, a e w "Its lily " 'I tull 'i ll(:l:. "' lllln what inkc?a hIer fly Itruinti d lit ight I Ial hllurow ii h t ao mt tie roof off'?" " IIshetii l f I eln tell," st.ail the Vei., " ll lllt 0I st'o tlhhing f ?rightolln her, M aybe,," Ihe ltlde, . inltlahiv, i " ghost Is around, n? d II don'tl I l Ice will, her." 'Th1, wtats It jake, but It trutnk itag les, tll II . It i 1 o f 8ii ilol ~ in l lll. f l ll it tV . thoa l Itod 11111 it fool, 1,11t id nIn hol10 so lhl lt w ,l v It nt ,11,?i Iha f..l e I.hlt( wanIm p-"111 111e111y ItIv(ll hle , the lIhplrelml tel II, pIlll ,t?',l ('1\ 11ih'1 11the eY ellll r)I,,1,lltV. 1hlt 1 II, 1 s wa Inot i l, l ni !III ptla n titualy w ilt t|hiN ll\ vemoinl t, l ( h r.tl wel d ot iliher liIns "I' h?, nal " of ti(brliftitllil Ith l1n?. X l-,y cot I IIn he n,,ilhahrihlod II?I, ll ,, l o I (I lltll I t 1,,l 11 ?ome In eHI ee of n al 11111eel l ,11 ,, . h y Th e ' e rl lh 'ed Iabout lh1· oof, l' 1 ,e l l 11,mInI sp111 i lrl i? f111,lt ( f ity, The hl'lluti of .,,in,, w, I eouhld h. ho il w l ', ,t ml tl l as I m itihil n h 1l hIt l 'I h hIle t vir lI low aksd n,, e1 ll1l10 it weh'd h1 t 1 p,1 l ,I, , ,I sh lh ,k thh t Ito t e 1 ( l. 1men, Cpl,, fen. Ar (f, rho wahebh ng, ,he p pllo i,, fiii howlh(d, and I h ll, nI I a llk d oa Iis ho ( l. ow itn bootl u e i ,, It ir ven,. A nI ,I 1 ,1 1. lows l' ull III II llltlo 1 t i atn, I 1 pllllt Ihe k0h u l ot e ll o llU I rel1?ull No 0llo?d ( sht cow wunt ou oI before, so did tho ouseI Io did the mopebawks, so did the dog, and the moans and screams did not cease. It was getting serious. Buggles had to drink an extra glass or two of toddy every night to steady his nerves. He went so far as to speak to his friends, with affected joculhuity, about these matters. But they looteed grave; Jinks shook'his head solemn. ly, and Jubb's repeated Shakespearo's lines rellectively. "Well, I'll end it somoehow," said Buggies one starlit but rough night, as be sat listen? ing to themoanlng of the wind, and the rat. tling of the window shutters. "Thorel There goes that darned cow again, and and-" A mournful cry was heard, as from one in great agony, and just close to the'house. Buggies shook.. " t it be possible, after all," he mattered, "and she has kept her word I Perhaps I didn't treat her over and above well sometimes." Sometimes I The late lamented Mrs. Bug. gles had led such a life that death must have been welcome to h.er. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to the terrors which now began to take hold upon Mr. Buggles' imagination. "I'l sell sell the place I" he muttered, " and that cow shall be slaughtered tomorrow. Gracious I how that dog is barking. I can't stand it; anything Is bettor than this site. pense. I'll face it, whatever it is." And he buttoned up his coat, and clapped his hat upn his head with an air of manful determination. Seizing the iraft weapon at hand--it happened to bo a hammer which he was In the habit of using to crack geolo. gical specimens (for lie dabbled in science, did Bugglos)-he issued forth into the garden. This he travcrerse. Nothing was to be seen, and it wns with a firmer step and stouter heart that he passed into the ticld. The cow was stabled, but she was lowing mourn fully. As I have said, the night was clear, but the gushl of wind which pacsed the field anl bent and swayed the trees therein, meaning the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene, Again Mr. Iuggles' spirits fell, anod a creepy feeling conme over him. He ehivered, paused, and was about to turn b:ck, when his eyes fell upon an object, the sight of which made him jump into the air like an acrobat, droeppring his hamimer in the action. And then he stood stock still, pnralvsed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their scckets, and sus pended breathing at tihe thing before him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered tier arms close into tier body. Bugfle could not recognise the features because they also were covered, but his ex. cited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to him that the figure was that of his dead wile, and that without doubt she had kept her word and had come from the shades to haunt him thus. The figure did not move, save that it swayed in the wind li which its gholstly garments fluttered ever and anon, Mr. lruggles gazed until his rice gave away, and at list, with a suppressed shriek, Ihe fell to the ground insensible, flow long he lay thus I do not know. Wlheci he recovered him?sel and ant up, and turned his eyes fearlully toeards the spot upon which hle had seen the apparition it was gone. IIe crawled back fearfully to the house,, let himself in with a lantch-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast glass of Irandy ; then lee crept to bed. But no sleep camer to him. Tihe gruesome sight ha hatl looked upon hounied hIll tirnilgll tile niglh, and for many ia night thoreaefter. list, stinigirly enough, fro,, that night tLhe ltrouble cenaed. The cow cesed to ielliuw, tile cats bianished their conoerts i0t just ndal natulral proiportions, the wantch-dog no longer barked ils taill Iof. And, thlough llggUlcs set some stout fellows on the watch none of them ever aw the lghost. As for the tiopohiawkH , everybody snilggered when Duigglesa spoke about thellll. Mopu hawks In the contre of Fitzroy--pooh I rllielilo n1l I lowever, Mr. leuggles' experlience lad a very oitlalsry illie iuponl ll s lelnd i etr sii ll nI . nor. lien i longer airgedl with such dog. lntl iillfe n elllenru , aou, ilI the Sluripriae? of his flet Inids, woiihl Iilltn Ii tilhel most i tii a it. ordinary statementll s wtllh eI air of erelulity and humblnh truit, wholly dIIlle'rent Ito tlhatl self.ieerlltive imnnminr with which ie nad been won't In dslilpte mInattel s btiynol lil klen. Altigetlhr iee wals a eiiangeid iina, anc d Jii bll iinl ,11 Iri ihiiiiip llu thmnelltselvl l i the sm iii and e'flects iof their plane, with veriy good reason. Fior It w4 hildeed to thllir iIgenrous ii. vlillliin Ihilt Ie miatler wall to Ii, rioee.ll , The vlricnary urlieonl wlho had it e on ulled in 11,y Mri lieuglen II lnspetimi the I ow was o i tIII selcret, It iw s hcii who ii all iedII elrailn heilir whieh, parintklln of by thu aniihali - hllng dropped into hrt s thi fluid diulg Il nliril lay brn .hi i hout iMilpit About mnidnight, lier boluwluigs were but All eliieral ii of all ; Iiil, nl M r. IhlIglels c(i;'ilI nlot real !]iw lllanguagee ilhe liadi been nIiahut iiihntler. liret, thelimei, AsN for the coin, thl wilcked cl on tI nil l r lhadl t lhered thac f ar idl wiIe, i le ied ItheIr 'lawn s hi wnlinii shills, tLed tIhelir tinll ilethl r, andl illth rwl ln i nl e the t to mmii iiblirle to (fle, hihbitit, O i enmimul , i till lt Illn a e ii1 11 iim loina , liwhllie Ihil iamlliphlawl wllrn ll iillllnit veryy rally, Alln, furtherh, ih i lguir whic le iid n eiaried M r. liiigllh, w duirl i lihully WII nuulilll rg , ciiig e, thanII b Iinnol ilnl snllh Its ilora drnple ulln to clesll ll , lae iels a t {hu tlhinil, tilter ill, wia very snlutlo, buti it hiii Ibieni ounduvtid with mcii autilun that nobodyi had been enabled to make it out, or expose the fraud. And, as the result had been so happy, Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves withthhe reflectionthat the end sometimes does, indeed, ustify the means. 