The Mirrored Demon. A Weird Tale of the Black Pool at The Alders T'oward the cnl of a cloudy summer day, havilg slowly clibhed to thle top of a hill thickly woodlted with ounllllg pines, I saw at Inst the gables and towers of The Alders, an estato which occuples the foggy bottom of the valley. I was cominig to take possession of tils dmnain, abatdloned for forty years past to tile insllicient care of a spleran. nluated stoward by the lato propriotor, my father, who had recently died and whoso heir I was. Urging mny horse forward, I commenced to ascend tol hill. The grado was steep, and the animal's iron shoes slipped peril. ously in the loose gravel of the rord. Under the dark and heavy sky, the pines to right and left took on a gloomy h ; hbelow me, Ilurred In the hanzo of the valley, rose the chiteau, a dark and broken mass, which was almost hidden from sight by the great forest about it, broken here and there with open heaths and reed.fringed pools of a sickly greenish hue. I remembered that my father had always evinced a great distaste for The Alders; the very name made him shudder. A cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt very uncomfortable, for the morning had been fino and I had neglected to bring a top-coat or travelling wrap. Arrived at tithe foot of the hill, I had to pass through a little village of a hundred or a hundred and fifty homes, the last cottage extending quite to the main entrance of the chl?tenu. The noise of my horse's hoofs brought to tile doors eight or ten peasants, who stared at me curiously, but with no sign of a salutation. I attributed to my long contemplation of the young pines, through which I had been travelling, the singular coloration which certain objects assumed in my eyes; the arms and faces of the miserable villagers, who stared at me with a cowed and brutish persistence, seemed very sallow, almost grent. A few women's hends and hands showed amid the group of men. It seemed to me that these Ienads and hands were also sallow and green. The hbtenn gates were closed. Through the bar, leper-blotched with rust, could be seen the great seigaeural court, grown with rank weeds, and further the abandoned chltteau. The rain, become sharper now, was chilling me to the bone. I descended from my horse, tied the poor benst--which hung its thead through sheer fatigue-to a ring mortised into the stone wall, and presently found the hIndle of a bell half concealed in the intricate wrought.iron work of the gate. I pulled it violently several times; but in place of the expected cheer. ful peel, two slow, heavy, and solemn strokes of an alarm-bell resounded omi nously in the distant gloom-for it was already dusk. From a little lodge at the right of the chiAteau emerged an old woman, who held aloft a lamp. Very tall, very thin, and enveloped rather titan dressed In a robe of coarse gray stuff, which looked like a grimy shroud, ahe canre to the gate with the measured mnd noiseless trend of a spectre. The lamp, which shone full on her fare, revealed to me beneath her gray locks her eyes, dim and haggard; her cheeks were very sallow. " Welcome to your estate, sir," said she, as a great key grated in the lock. She was the manager's wife. "Thanks, Aine. Obartier," I responded; "but I come in evil weather." "In evil weather,indeed." She conducted me to the little house; the wet weeds reached to my knees. "Who will look to my horse 1 ' I asked. " I will," she said. " You have no servants, madam 1" No." "Who, then, looks after tihe chifteat and keeps the grounds in order 2" " There are no grounds," she replied. We cotered the living-room, whirlc was dimly lighted and poorly warmed by the fitful blaze of a peat lire. There was, doubtless, but one lamp in the establisih ment, that which Mtne. Chartier had taken up when sihe came to meet me. " Chartier," said tile wSman, slinking the shoulder of an old man who seemed to he dozing in the chimney-corner; "ClChrtier, get up; here is thie new master." The old marn turned toward me; his face was sallow, too, with the same dim andi haggard eyes. ' \Welcome to your estate, sir," said he, as lie arose and offered min,, a chair; " warm yourself, sir, unless you take cold." Mine. Chortier who had gone out, doubt. less to lead my horse to the stable, returned laden with dishes and glasses, and quietly set about laying the tnab!e, which sihe pulled up from the side of tile chinney. " These seem to be very sollen people," I thought, and I determined to send away this lugubrious couple as soon as possible. " Well, Chartier," I said, to break a silence which had become disagreeable to me, "do you get on well, and may I hopeto see you here for many days to come 1" " You will not see me here for many days to conic," he replied. "flow so? Do you then wish to leave The Alders ?" " Oh, I, sir-I shall never leave The Alders. But you, will depart very soon. " I siuiled,. for my intelntion was to install myself definitely in my nteow property." "Yes, sir," said Male. Olharrier's voice be. lind ae, "you will depart very soon." I was about to exclaim against this singular atllrmation, whor the old woman adtled : a Dinner is ready, sir." We drew up about the table. " I)o you expect somne one 7" I inquired, for four covers had been laid. "''Yes, sir; we expect our daghter," said the manager, serving the soup. "hSo yoiu have a daughter?" I had hlopes that a young face might bring some agaiety to thle soenr. We\\\ have no daughter," said Mine. Chartier. Thie dinner was not abundant; neverthe less, I had the wherewithall to satisfy amply the Appetite tny long day's ride had given me, for my hosts ate scarcely at all. I asked Chartier if lie were sick. "Everyotne is sick hIere," he replied, " be. caose of the pool." " itdleeo, . tlad remarked that thie in. habitants of the village are singularly "l'ihey I.avo the fever; bit they suiferless than we, for tihey are roL so lnear'." "True," I saidl, with a slight shiver; I had always partiitlarly fearled intlatin fevers. After diiner, nIme. ChArtier retired to prelore miy chamliber, not ill thie chiiteau, whlich lotg Abandolorrlleilt lhad renderedl u inhahitaloe, but in the lodge oil the ll,per floor. Tne olumanger tied 1 drew up to the fire. " Sir," said tlhe old marl, " excuse oS if we receive you poorly. It is sadil in litis country; tho fever takes thie chlildren fromo the very cradle, and only at tihe graveyardl does it leIav thetc men ielho have resisted it. It is because of the pool, wvhich shoull lie drained,l" hle addetd, lxtending lis handt to ward the window. " Ardl then, we, sir, are saddler than tlhe others, for we lost our ranogltomer a moutlh nogo." a" tour daughter in dead, Chartier ?" I Sasked. " God kinows, sir. As for us, wo do not knowv wlhaLt hns becomi of hler." I'resently lhe wlnt on in a lower tone: " MIadleleine was very sadl, very ill; she was as we are, my good sir. ut thie birds still sing wlhen they are ill, and Madeleine I .Ii t.- , l ·,- , it, t,, .Y ? , i I , i lug, I li lkl her Iu to Ivl lit city.' 'lly .To sec thu roes' ill her lhoCHi weU wol liI have given our Ilvrt, any piIr wife and I. t11t she was very pale ; she went too often to the edge of tile water. She loved--f do not know why -that water, which harmed her on. Often, when her mother calledl her to dinner, sihe was aseted In the wet grass at the side of tihe pool. We scolded her, but It did no good. It pleased her, aie said, to listen to the noise of the wind In the reede. Sho had nothing else to amuse her, the dear clhild. In other countries, the little girls of poor people can gather flowers, peep in the birds' nests, and hav dloves and play with them as In the pictures I have seen in the city shops; here, sir, there are no otlher flowels than the lilies of the pool, the birds would be afraid to build their nests in our great, gloomy trees, and tile only doves are ravens. My poor girl, then, loved the hool. Sometimes, of an evening, I would hear her open tihe window of her chamber -the chamber where you will sleep to. night, sir. ' Come In I' I would, cry ; 'go to bed, you will take cold.' INo, nol' she woutll say; and when I naked her what she was looking at, ' There is a star in the pool.' she would unswer. One morning at the breakfast hour, Madeleino did not come down stnirs. Her mother went up to her rnom. ?M adeleine is not here l' cried my wife. It was a month ago, one Sunday morning. Madeleine has not come back yet." Chartier had spoken slowly, in a monoto. nous tone. Now he wept silently. The disappearance of their child more than acc.tunted for tile gloom of my hoste. I repented having judged them harshly, and it was with sincere pity that I pressed the old man's hands as 1 retired. My chamber was a small room, covered with a mouldy paper; in one cmrner ant iron bed, two caneseated chairs at right and left of a walnut commode, a portrait of a young girl--Madeloine, doubtless-facing the single window-that was all. I went to bed and to sleep, not without some diffi culty, for the steward's tale had predisposed my mind to' lugubrious thoughts, and then I thoughtof the fever which I dreaded After an hour of restless sleep, I awoke with a start. "\ Wo's there 1" I cried. The lamp, which I had not extinguished, enabled me to convince myself that I was alone-absolutely alone with the portrait. From my bed, where I could no longer sleep, I looked long at this picture. It was a young girl, very pale, dressed in white, in an attitude of meditation ; ashe gazed at the window with a strange earnestness. As one involuntrily follows the glance of a person near, I directed my eyes parallel to thosc of the portrait. The window had no curtains; beyond the panes appeared vaguely the indistinct silhouettes of the forest, and in the shadow there was a single star. Turning. back toward Madeleine, I noticed that her gaze had become more in tense, but it was easy to explain to myself why it seemed so : plunged for an instant into the night, my eyes should now sec more clearly those of the portrait, on which tihe lamp shone full. What I could not explain, what I do not understand even yet, was an absurd idea the result, no doubt, of my nervous excite ment-which led me to get up, open the sash, as if in obedience to the desire of the portrait, and, the window open, turn back to it to receive its thanks. A breath of wind which entered thc'room extinguished the lamp, and the portrait disappeared. Without, the shadows were profound; beneath the low and black sky vast trees stood out, terrible against the night, about a great, pale space in which shivered furtive, steely lights and the dimmed reflection of a single star-it was the pool.. Shuddering, I knew not why, I gazed at the heavens, the trees, the pool. It slept, butit lived. I divined that a ceaseless agi tation moved it, revealed on the asuface by the trembling of the weeds; strange visions were inits inky depths, shladowy dreams of that slumbulring water whose respiration rustled dolorously among the reeds. Some thing inquieting and fascinating lay prone in that sea, Near the side toward the house the reeds were very thick; their heanls, now bowed, now lifted up by the breeze, formed a moving black surface, which made still more sombre the shadows of the neilghboring trees. Was it possible that the thing I now saw balancingitself on the tlps of the reeds was but the reflection of a tree 1 I could distinguish perfectly a body and a gigantic head, lightly stirred lilke those of a giant asleep, rocked on shadowed waves, and two terrible arms stretched forth toward my window. I strove in vain to draw myself from the casement; a greater power than mine, a mysterious desire, held me rooted to the spot. I seemed to wait. For what? I did not know-for something which was to hap. pen. I heard a slight noise beneath the window and lowered my head. Along the wall, something, I know not what-white, furtive, swift, like a white cloth in thn wind-moved toward the pool. I . ,. .. woman or her ghost. One instant thia vague form stopped and turned back. By the pale ray of the single star I saw a face and recognised it. Had I gone mad ? I recognised the face of the portrait. That face was Madeleine's I While she approached the pool the wind must have shifted, for the reeds, which just now had leaned from the side of my window, bend down now to meet the young girl, and toward her r'ached the long ari?s of the Shadow cradled on the reed-tips. Madeleine seemced to hesitate, a prey to violent elmotion. Now sthe started towarn the phantolm of tihe pool ; now shte stood motion less and seemed about to retrace her steps; but soon she took tip her interrupted course, and reached the spot among the interlacing trees, the obscure and indelinite line where land and water met. At the edge of the pool, almost within reach of the fantastic arms which strained toward her as if to en. fold her, sihe stopped. In the heavens there was but a single star; there was a single star, too, in the pool. I . was not dreaming, for I noted that. Long, long sIte stood undecided,and some. times she seemed to wishl to fly to the house; but oftener, lost, shivering in the breeze, in the garb of death or of a bride, site held out her arms to the Shadow vwhicb silently calted her.. At last she tohrew herself into the terrible pool. 'The water nmust be up to her waist, for I saw only the whiteness of her breast. She advanced ever towardl thie Slndowi, and tihe Shadow cnme to meet her. Then I saw only her bneadl, appearing fromn time to time between thie reeds-then I saw nothing. lut the roshes rattled more dolorously, twisted, bent, pushed asidtle; the phantom which followed the mtovement of their tipts writhed so that his chest shlrank away from one side, while his legs grew long on tie other, anudt his arms, as if they enlaced in the depths soie prey cnaught at last, disnap. pevred all at ontce in a mighty parting of the leeds. iIadleleioe had drowned herself in this black, awful pool. I had not seen hier, but surely I woull have heardlher cry out, if the terriblle water had not tilled her monthl. Oh, hiorrible deatsll-hier feet sinking in the thumid slime of the pool and her hands vainly celutching at the elusive supollrt of the rushes I Little by little the motion became more rare, more conclusive, less prolonged; Miadeleine was denadl beyond a dioubt. Anew the wind alone agitated the great, noisy grasses, nid 1 saw the constant phantom slowly re-form itself on the surface of the grcetish blackiess. The next day, at breakfast, 1 ate little and spoke scarcely at all; the old steward askedn w in It Wtllttildl t i ln tIo itll ?'e Lt the 'slat o , "c IttlIitntelv,,'' I repilied; * for I terr-v thits ,' , . A% we t artrd t, wnrtd the poeal, I notletdi in the forestu all id o i e of riuhlcd twall, " Vhoat i thllt?" I rsked. " It si all that is left of an ancient chapel," rellied lChortler; " your father greatly nid. mired the stainedr.glass vwindow, which ro. presents an apostle stretching his arms to. ward ihaven. W\hen thile moon rises behind the window, it casts thollmag of the a postle on the reeods of the iool. Iometiues, in the night, It is terrible. ' As Ci:artior said this, I felt my legs brushed by sometlling furtive, soft and light, as if a cat had rubbed against me, It was a napkin, still damp, delached by the wind from a cord where linen hung to dry a few steps from us, between two trees before the house. " W\ell," said I, to myself, " I must confess that the fever and wakefulness have played the fool with me. I have taken for a woman in white some sheet or garment borne by the wind, and for a phantom the reflection of a stained window on the reeds," And I began to laugh, to reassure myself com pletely. But I seturned to Paris that even. ing. Three years passed, I bad sold The Alders to an industrial company which intended to drain the marshces. I had given no thought to my sojourn at the melancholy chateau, except now and again on a sleepless night, when one morning, in a journal opened at hazard, I read the following: " In the unhealthy district of-, whose inhabitants already begin to enjoy better ,healthl, thanks to the draining of the marshes by a celebrated philantruphic society, there still remainsa vast pool which farms part of tihe estate known noas The Alders. This pool is famous in the legends of the country. Each night, it is said, a gigantic phantom is to be seen, sleeping lightly on the tips of the reeds. Some cnlightened persons having supposed that tlhe phantom was nothing but the reflection of an ancient stained.glass window in a wall near by, the wall was de molished; but, by the report of the people of the place, the phantom has not ceased to appear overy night. . "It has not ceased to appear i" I repeated, with a shudder, and I read on with a feverish eye: " iowever that may be, recently, whtle the workmen labored at the draining of the pool, one of them, in rolling some stones from the bank nearest Mi. Chatier's house, discovered among the re~ds, deeply embedded in the mud, a skeleton absolutely stripped of flesh; it is supposed that it is the skeleton of a young woman whose death must have taken place three or four years ago." Then it was not a piece of linen flying in the wind, that pale and hesitating form I had seen from the aindow-it was Madeleine herself, drawn into the pool by tihe mirrored (lemon I Her death had taken place a full month before my arrival at the chateau. Some inscrutable will, then, had accorded me for a few hours the unpleasant power of retrospective vision ; or, perhaps, the dead come from their shadowy abode, sometimes, at night, to visit again on earth the scene of the agony.-Trranslated fronm te French of Calunlle Ale rmies. 