QUEENSLAND. Maech 27. 1 It iB stated that the question of granting an export bonus on sugar will shortly'coine before Parliament. ''' '''' A terrible storm occurred at Emu Flat on Tuesday night. ; A Government survey party were camped in the scrub, just' off the beach. ' The party consisted 'of Harry White 'in charge,' and two Chinamen, named Leonard and Frank Lees.' While the; latter were outside cooking, 'the other two men were in the tent, a flash of lightning struck Leonard Lees, setting 'fire to his pyjamas. The lightning struck' his knee, and entered his body, coming out on the right-side, killing 'him* instantly. White was also struck, but was not much injured. ' ' The trial of Wells for the murder of O'Halloran at Downfall Creek1 was con cluded at Brisbane on Tuesday, when a verdict of manslaughter in the1 lowest degree was returned. The Chief Justice said the evidence 'sh awed prisoner had received the 'greatest provocation' a' man could receive,' as for long he had endeavored to prevent deceased from committing adul tery with his (prisoner's) wife. * He ordered Wells to be released, as he had already been three monthB in prison awaiting trial. ' A strange incident took- place at Bris bane at 10 o'clock on Tuesday night. Dr. Little was sitting on his verandah when a man rushed round and jumped over the fence, which is on a cliff 60ft above' the level of the street. Immediately after a second man rushed up and asked where the other was. A search was instituted, and the body of the first man was found at the bottom of the cliff. ' The second- man made off during the excitement, arid at present there is no clue as to the identity of either. Sensational. — A very strange and sen sational event happened a short time ago in Jetzelsdorf, in Lower Austria. It reads like fiction, says a Vienna journal, but nevertheless it seems to be perfectly true, as it was told by the Burgomaster of the place himself. The wife; of a tradesman succumbed there at the end of last month to a lingering illness, and after the physi cian had' declared' that death had taken place, the remains were conveyed to'the mortuary. The husband, who had loved his wife dearly, had ordered' that she should be buried with her rings, earrings,' and other jewellery on. On the night before the funeral a ' gqod-for-ribthing fellow of the village, who had heard of this, broke into the mortuary with the' intention' of robbing the corpse. As he could not draw one of the rings off the dead woman's finger, he drew his knife to cut it off. But a's soon as t-.he edge 'of; 'the knife penetrated' the flesh the apparently dead woman, whb'had been in deep unconsciousness only, gave a loud cry. Life had returned to. her, and she rose slowly iri her coffin. ' The robber, horror struck, rushed off as swiftly as his feet could carry him. The woman, who was dressed 'in 'ordinary clothes, as is the custom in Austria, left the mortuary and went home. When she knocked at the door it was opened by the apprentice. He asked ' Who is there ?' and one ican easily imagine his amazement, when he received the answer, 'If is I, the mistress,' and when he saw the woman whom he believed to be dead in her coffin standing upright before him. In fact, he was utterly speech less from terror and trembling. So the woman had to announce herself personally to:her husband, who bemoaned her lo'ssiand had meant to be presentiather funeral the next morning. ? Themeetipg; with1 him, of course, was of a more; exciting:? nature - still than that with the apprentice,- and - it took some time before she couldi convince ?'?her husband ithatiit' was not' her ghost' who spoke to him; ,' -??' ?-- !??? ? : ! ' 1 1 ? ? , 