LEONARD LINDSAY ; TOE STORY OF A BUCCAXEEK. BY ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER XXV I . — ( CONTINUE D) . Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded frudrfrom her eyes her long Sowing hair, gazing intently at the sky. In the next moment, ft flesh of lightning— so bright that vexy one on bjard the galley, except the sorceress, was dazzled and blinded by the ffore— tore out of the dark heavens ; struck the main topmast of the galley ; and with a crash, like that of all the artillery in the world fired off in one salvo, passed glcumiug down the wood, shaking the ship as ihongh she had been lifted a hundred feet, sod then allowed to fall splash into the sea. the explosion was followed by a thick sulphurous smoke, which' seemed to come gaming up ont of the inmost rece-sea of the galley, and while the crew, blinded aud almost choking in the yellow sulphurous fame, were groping about the deck, they heard the loud steaming laughter of the witch, followed by the uroak of the ruvciie from tho cabin. 44 At length the smoke or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and the raeu recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing as usual on the poop, with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first words, comrades, were — "'Fling that carrion into the sea. and take warning by the fate of Torquil Randa bow you dispute" tie will of such as I.' 44 So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to the foot of the maihnmst, where lay the body of tho man of whom the witch spoke. He bad been struck by the lightning, com rades, but there was neither scaith nor scar upon his flesh, only on the forehead a email round blue spot, So the mariners lifted up the body, and while it was yet warm plunged it over tie s.de. It sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, tho crew thought that the dead face frowned. 44 That night Tronda sat alone in her cftbix, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had done when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon the table as before. All at once the flume of the lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into the bronze, go that the cabin was almost in darkness, and the two ravenB fluttered aud croaked. Troodn lifted up her head, and her livid face became as the faco of a statue carved out of blue aud grey marble, fcr be fore her, standing as he had already done tliat day, was the turra of Torquil Randa, with the blue spot upon his forehead where the lightning had struck it. 44 Thcro wn silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. 4 4 4 1 am seat from the dead,' it said, 4 to give you a last warning.' 44 4 "Return to those who sentyou? answered the witch : 4 1 take no warnings? 44 4 1 am bid to tell you,' said tho spirit, 4 that the measure of your tuiquitics is nearly full. 44 The witch of Lapland rose erect, and riood confronting the apparition. 44 4 1 have no tear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh? she replied. 4 Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth? 44 The figure uf Torquil Randa gave a aad cmtie, and stretching forth its baud, touched the magi: crystal, which immediately crumbled into black dust. The powers which arc given to me? said the spirit, 4 arc greater than yours.' 44 Tronda V frame shivered ns she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible vi-itant steadily in the face. (< There will be given you one last oppor tunity tae apparition said. 4 Will you re pent r' 4 4 4 No !' said the witch of Lapland. 44 The figure of Torquil Randa grew less and iees distinct, and as it disappeared, the flame of the lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled at Trouda's feet, flew back to their perchos on her chair. 44 The next day, the galley meanwhile lying not far from Cape Tibcroon, in His- paniola, there came on board, in a small canoc, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship mate, to have hardly life iu her to climb up the low side of the gillcy. This girl was of u beauty rarely seen upon tho earth, but those who looked upon tho bright red spot in her white cheek, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that there was hardly a mouth's life flickering in her bosom : ho she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon brr knees before the witch. 44 4 Mother? she said. 4 I nn dyiugfast, as you can see. I have a lover, xny betrothed. He is coming across the ocean to bid me fare well. Oh, that I might live io t»ec him ! I have little gold, but what I have, grant him » fair breeze, that his ship may come to laud before I din. aud that I may give up uiy >pirit in his nuns? 41 Solving. the Spanish givl h<?d forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut. T Hindu had opened her mouth to spunk. when a third woman entered the cabin, he was a tall and Iinugh'y dame, and as she observed the dying girl a sinilo. like that of a fiend, passed over lu-r fnce. Her cheeks flushed, aud her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The tuiinger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all ttembliijc aud subbing, upou the floor. 44 Then the elder 6 poke thus — 14 4 1 hate that woman. She is rav rival. She has won from me the man 1 love. 1 would prevent their meeting. She is poor, butl am rich. This, for a wiml which will keep buck his ship, until she Ik? no more.' 44 With that, shipmates, the woman livid upon the table a lump of virgin ore, as big as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still held out her smaller oflerinff. Tronda stood be tween them musing. At last, slie took thel urge lump, and dropped it into the great chestfull at her feet. y ' You shall have a baffling wind,' she aid to the j< aloun rival. The poor girl, who was dying, roe feebly, and passed out weep ing: the crew let her down with careful hands into her canoc. 44 But at tho moment when Tronda had mad.? her decision, tho sudden moan of a hollow sounding wind passed through the air, and tho gulley rocked and laboured, as though an invisible hand had emote her. The witch remained long musing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash of oars, she rose and went on dock' The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, ©mbarked in the boats, were pulling fast for the land, while the horizon was again clouded as it had been when the witch drew nglitaing from the heavens. Tronda mounted ®pon the poop, and stretched forth her arn:s, "»5 curse the faithless crue, when her eye sud denly fell upon Torquil, standing as he had fitood, beneath the mainmast when the leviu bolt struck him. Then she fore bore aud remained with drooping head, gazing iuto the sea below. But what was remark able, was, that when tho whole crew the galley left her at once, instead rising, the 6unk still deeper iu the water ; and as a heavy swell began to hit and heave around, the ship rolled and pitched with a stranire sickly motion. "Then camo another portent. Tronda oil stood upon tlie poop, when she started © hear a sudden pattering of feet , and n jucaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every hatchway a whole legion of rats— jmung ®ftM and old — brown and grey — all of them making for the side of tho vessel, aud hcn plunging with a loud shrill squeaking the sea, which was speedily dotted with "tern little heads, all swimming merrily to land. When the last had leaped overboard, e figure of Torquil Randa glided aoftly aft confronted tho witch. . .V Rat®? quoth the figure, 4 leave a ftnking ship? And, as he sjiokc, the galley Ppoared to float in the water more heavily J® deeply than ever, while the swells rose £f®al rocking billows, and the tnoau of a wind hurtled over the sea. Still ttonda confronted the apparition with a lip uich never quivered, and an eye which. »ever blinked. My anoesters? said she, were chara- prons and heroes ; one of them— Eric YVestra "Thssoended into the tomb of Sigismund, 8 ae iug, and bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lump whi.-h burns beneath, ahhouirh was trujnl.'d l»v monsters .mil potent fpvlK What art thou then, that one iu whose v.»ius runs the blood of such a hero, should iromble and quake before thee But the apparition said — 14 4 I onmo from a power which is mightier than that of Odin aud of Thor, and 1 am commissioned to pronouoce to thee the doom thou .shiilt undergo as a pinishiiitut for thy wicked sorceries, eveu until the end of time.k At mat there rose' a mighty wind, and the galley started away before it. In vnin Irouda bad" tho elements to cease their strife— iu vain !»he knelt upon the poop, and, with her drenched hair ali atreamiut? iu (he tempest, euughcrmagiu rhymes, and creamed out. her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the cloud lowered, and the waves rose, uubeodful of her spells, and sont last flhe r tarred up from the deck, aud cried iu a lamentable voice — 44 'Alas ! alas I niy power is gone from nic, and the elements obey me no more ? 44 At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soarod up into the tempest-tossed air, wheel ing rouud and round the rocking inact of the labouring ship. 14 4 And you too,1 said Tronda, looking up at them, 4 leave me !' 44 The scutcnce, comrades, wasnosocmev spoken than the foul birds darted ofl', cadi lite separate way, and were speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its futy. Had it been a barque manned by mortals, tbegalley would not have lived an hour iu that sea: but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished i:s destined course. For some space the Lip- land witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were the only forma visible iu the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pale flashes of lightning showed troops of phautoiuK upon the deck, who worked the ropes nod sails as mariners in a gale. These shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her iucanta- tions hud drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearles through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flushing all around her wild grey 030. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. 44 At length, comrades, in the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly eeeu flitting on tho deck amid the flying spray and foam", there was shouted fcoiu the prows, iu a voice which boomed like the tones of ft church bell, 4 Land.1 "At this the spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said — 44 4 Now hear your doom. From this time forth you will haunt the cape on which wo aro driving : and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners ; but yet, for every moment of time a ship is hindered on her course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to con ceive. Aud this shall last even to the day when the sea shall give up its dead? 41 In a moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not % vestige oi her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit uf Capo STorant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid- watches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the storm, with her arms tossed above her bead, as though she were still singing the chaunt which raised wind and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who Ixrfng, in a night of storm, cliuging to tho end of the bowsprit furling a split sail, beheld the ancient face of the hag, with ber grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make his way, all pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told what be bad witnessed ; and certain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who saw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself : and presently »Sir Francis appealed out of the main cabin. 44 4 What i«J this, I hear, men? say6 he, — that one of you bus been frightened by a demon r " 4 It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said the sailor, by uarue .Tames Gilbert. 44 ' And what if it were r ' quoth the admiral. 4 He is hut a coward. If he shows hi face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' " But for all these bold words of the sulmiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made I'urto Bello, whither she was bound. Gilbert wns flung from the lee forotop- sail yard-ami into the sea. After the first plunge, he never came to the surface, and the old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence of his having >eeu the demon who haunts Point Morant." CHAPTER XXV1T. WJIAT HAITEJfS A150A1ID TUE SALTY SV.«AN — axd the kxfuno 01" iter and jiee ckew, Three days after we boarded the Saucy iSumiii, I was the look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind wan fresh, the eea high, and wc were plunging vapidly along : the sails straining and surging, anil the masts aud rigging cracking with the pressure. I was standing ou tlie heel of the bowsprit, with uiy aim round the forest ay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as 1 best could to avoid the cold Bhowers of brine which our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Uumbold. 44 Is there auj' one about :"quothho; " I want to speak to ynu privately." But the breeze, although it blew strong, waa steady, and the watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. "My mind misgives me?' says Rumbold, presently, 44 that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches erery motion as a cat docs a mouse. 1 know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Rouge, and -he, are aware that 1 have , Trails about ine. and I go in constant dread. J)id you see the three rogues to-day, how long and how eat neatly they talked, aud what sly glances tlicy, every one of them, threw at roe.' It was ticklish workliviug amoug the Spaniards at the Rio dc la liacha, but 1 warrant you I feel never a bit more comfortable umoug mv countrymen here.'' 1 inquired where Jerry, the Captain, aud Nixon were .' Rumbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that beiug prelly far gone, he had been able to slip out to seek me. 44 Now?' quoth he, 14 1 don't intend that these rascals shell have my pearl, if I can keep them — utid what is more, I don't intend that they shall have them, even although I may not be able to keep them— they shall go iuto the 6ea, which ther came out of, first." 1 said, that surely tue follows would not murder him for his wealth. "Well," ho answered, ' they would not murder, if they could steal without it — but if they can't, I do not suppose that a throat or so cut would make much difference." Upon this I replied, heartily shaking Kumbold's hand at the same time, — 44 You helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Ferhaps. I can help you now — will you entrust the pearls to me." 41 My good fellow,' says Rumbold, with great eagerness, " that is precisely the favour 1 came to ask of yon? And with that, he fumbled in his bosom, and presently drew out a sort of flat pouch, made of thin but tough leather, with straps which buckled round the body. W© both looked eagerly to see that we were not ob served, but not a soul could be seen stirring upon deck. A lantern, swinging from the weather forcshrouds, cast a dusky gleam around upon the dripping bulwarks, and the wet and slippery planks — but we were alone. 44 Hush I" Rjiyshe, softly. 44 The prarUare n this pouch — there is a good thou-ainl p junds worth --strap the belt tightly round you# under j-our clothes, the first time you - have an opportunity. If you deliver it up to me safely ut Jamaica, a ihirdof the profits shall be youre — if anything happens to me. I make you iny legatee— keep pouch and pearls, and in>ike the best of them.5 He had hardly made the transfer when h shadow glided darkly between us and the lautem. YYc both rushed aft us far as the foremast and nried eaircrlv about : but, not n creature was to he seen. X 44 Bah ! " said llumbold, 44 it was only the light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." But my own belief was that some one had glided across the dock and mounted the weather forcriggiug. I had not tiroo, how- , ever, to communicate my thoughts to Rum- ! bold when we heard lund voices and saw a glimmering of lights af;., and immediately Jerry came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he bad good sea-legs, and cliuging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch thau ordinary. 4 Farewell — takecaie!" exclaimed Rum-! bold. 44 1 must not be seen here.' j So saying, lie slid over to leeward, and ; crept aft. under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime. Juriy approached, and taking the lantern from the forcrigging, grasped my shoulder, aud aakcdiae — in a thick voice aud with a hiecun — whether all was well 'i I replied in the affirmative, upon which he steadied himself on the deck as well as he could, aud began to hum over a song to himself, sometimes stopping to put the same question to me, half a. dozen time over, after the mauuer of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving a violent lee-larch, lie was pitched bodily against tlie bulwarks, and at tho same moment a heavy marling- spike fell with a crash from the rigging, tearing up white splinters in the deck. Hail it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderous iron would have clcfttbc mate's head. All this happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when Jerry bounded to his leg, aud with a tre mendous oath, that there was treachery some where, called to me to go aloft in the weather- rigging, while lie took the Ice. The danger he hud escaped seemed to have so\>cvcd the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the tiling, wbile Jerry 6creatned to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for ho was certain it was that villainous Portuguec dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both wont into the rocking rigging. We climbed over the rati of the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a small pistol between bis teeth. 4 4 The murtbering rogue!" be cried. 44 But he has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! " We both looked up to the heel of the top gallant mast. The white canva was tug ging, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee- rigging was rattling against the znastand sail. 44 There he is— there's the thief! 55 Jerry roared, and wc both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, agaiust the light-coloured canvas. All at once I mv its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted — 44 Devil confound him — he has sent hie knife into my shoulder?' and immediately stopped, grasping the ehrouds as though he feared to fall. Knowing now that the Portu guese had no knife, I sprang rapidly up the shrouds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vasco — his grim face gazing at me, and his bands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as be could. The next moment wc had grappled together — neither of us spoke— but the Por- tugucse attempted to seize my throat with his , teeth; I caught him, however, bv his hair, and wrenched his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and 60 overpower him. But the creature, although he had no strength to cope with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and sud denly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dance before them — I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In the instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tre mendous swiog through the air, as the ship rolled violently below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or I should have been fiung off into the sen , like a stone from a sling. Ac that moment the grasp upon my throat re laxed, — and with a litheness and agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey aud a snake united in one creature — -the Portugneeeslid, as it were, from me, upon the main royal stay, crawling and worming himself along towards tho other mast. But Terry, who hud by this time recovered the first faiutness from his cut, kept his eye steadily upou the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied — ,4 Ay, ay, I Bee him !" and, then, steadily takimr aim. the explosion of the pistol re-echoed loudly, from sail to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by hi« hands only. 4 Stand from under," shouted Jerrv, 4'and allow the villain to drop clear. He has stabbed me as he did Shambling Ned." Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his legs again, seeking by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope." His feet lmd, indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his hands, swinging dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time .Torrv was clutch- iug the forcritrging, not huviug moved since the knife of tho Portuguese struck liiin. The watch upon deck havinir been aroused by Jerry'6 cries, and tfce report of the pistol, were running to-and-fro witb lanterns, and some of them were ascending the ringing towards us. when Jerry roared out again — " Stop— stop, every mother's son. of von, where you are till the fellow fall, and then stand by to nitch him overboard. The Portuguese heard this, for 1 .urned round his head to Jerry, and I saw In white teeth, as the wretch grinned in his agonv. The mate answered this look with a loud laugh. 44 Some of you there below? he cried, 44 go iuto the great cabin, bring up a flagon of wine— and we'll drink to the murthoring doir's speedy arrival in hell." The Portuguese now let go hold of the rope with his right hand— and then, as if to re serve his strength, hung for awhile with the left. I did not think that the man would have had such endurance in him, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arms were strong. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, held his peace, and the crew be low waited in silence, with their lanterns glimmering on deck. There was something very solemn in all this — the struggling and tossing ship — the rigid figures of the seamen — the silence, except for the wind and waves, and the writhing creature waring in the air. At leugth, he uttered one loud shrill cry of mortal agony, which echoed again and again between the sails, and immediately afterwards dropped like a stone. I heard the heavy thump with which he crashed down upon th'e deck. Descending as quickly a8 I could I found that Jerry, in spite of his wound, which was, however, only a flesh cut, was standing over the Portuguese, who lay all doubled up where he fell. " Up with the hound, and over the side with him to the sharks !" said Jerry, in a low stern voice. Immediately the poor wretch was plucked from tho deck, aud four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. He gave no Rigu of life ; but just as tbey heaved him up for the fatal swing, the lanterns being all gleaming around him, I saw him, his eyes still shut, make the sign of the cross upon his forehead. Be WRs# Therefore, still alive. 44 One!" cried Jerry. ; The four executioners, who seemed to like the job well, gave the wretch a swing. 44 Two, three ! " thundered the mate, and at the last word, Vasoo of Lisbon was hove a fathom from the ship's side, into the boiling sea. As he plunged down into the brine. every one heard for a moment, and no more, i-uch a cry as he uttered ju?: be'orc he fell from the riggiug. Then his voici was choked for ever. I could hardly deny but that the Portu guese merited his fate ; but the flinging ( overboard of a living inan. without form . of trial or condemnation, seemed a hnty and crnel deed. Nevertheless, none of the i crew, except myself, appeared to be of that . opinion, and most of them said openly that it wa? a very good riddauoe, and that whether he had attempted the life of tho mate or not, he was better in the sea than in the eliip. As for Jerry, he had his wound— which was, as I have said, a flesh cut on the shoulder— rubbed witb brandy, ami seemed to think no more about the matter. When my watch was up, I went below in no merry mood ; and, presently, found an opportunity, while lying in ray ham mock, which swung among near twoscore of similar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls as Rumbold had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, and I had not yet slept, for the end of the wretched Portuguese was Btill in my head, when there wns suddenly a great ; thumping over head on deck, and an outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters It is curious to observe, at this summons the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship— bow, in a moment, grim hends start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs come down together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is KOOU dressed: and, accordingly, two minutes haa not gone by since I lay in my hammock, , was 8t »r post etiirinir over the weather bow at a small sloop, but t very low and which seemed to sail veiy quickly, which was running along with us, leaning over before the breeze, to that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about half- a-dozen of sailors were running with pleepv flciired looks, wliile the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the aea. I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the " Saucy Susan," was just lifting from the water, and driving in vapour volumes before the wind. In appeared that the mist had partially dispersed just before ali hands were roused up, and that the look-out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been less wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing; but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leeward that lie had no chance with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge, mounting into the weather-mizeu rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender : and Jerry, in a bTeath, roared out to know if the guns forward were All ready. 44 She is a liarco longo — a Spanish express boat, comrades?' ho shouted ; 44 and we must overhaul her despatches before we part com pany." Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very staunchly by the steersman, and conning his ship. Once ho motioned to the latter to put the helm down, as if he intended suddenly to luff , aud go round on the other tack : but chatiginir His mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Rouge again hailed the sloop to surrender, but still without effect, and I observed that in a temporary lull of the breeze she was beginning to "draw away from the ship. Then the buli-like voice o'f Jerry thundered out along the d»ck — 44 The first gun ready there — seud your cold iron aboard of him !" Josiali Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I wa8 stationed. His old dim eyes Hashed up at the notion of a fray; and so, stooping over the gun and sheltering the priming from the wind wirh his trembling hand, he glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to the zenith, now down to the billows, according to ibe motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its flame, and started back with the ex plosion, the carriage cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the dis charged cannon lay near the centre of the deck, its grimed mouth yet hot aud smoking. The discharge was a lucky one. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over the sea, ihe canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, uud blew fluttering iu rags out of the bolt-rope. 44 Back tbe main topsail?' cried Jerry. 44 The run is taken out of him.' But just as the yard swung round, the captain of tho sloop made but one loip dowu into his cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re-ixpp-ared. carrying in his hand a small metal box or racket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, wheu I heard the report of ft caribinc from our ship, and the .Spaniard leaped three feet into tin? aii, and fell in u heap upou tlio deck, above his burden. 44 That is the despatch box?' quoth old Ward. "He uieant to fling it into the sea, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him? Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in good Spauish that if any oue of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle with tho box. he would hang even- one of thum un to the peak of their own vessel. At that the Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows uf the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at bow and stern to unhook the tackles as Jsbe touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crew offer ing do resistance. The find thing he did when he gjt on dock was to wrench tbe despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the body, and was dying fast. Tb© poor fellow lay iu his blorjd upon the deck, coughing from time to time, and sputtering the thick gore from his mouth. Meantirnu, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after examining them by means of one of liifl boat's crew, who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that tho despatch-box was all safe, aud contained advices from St. Tuan, in Vorto Rico, to Truxtilo, under Cape Honduras, aud that he would presently search the cabin for further information. Meantime another boat hud bhen got into tho water, aud I was ordered to Iform one' of tiie crew. Jcrrv himself was Iu the stern sheets, and presently wc all leaned on board the Spaniard. Tbe first thing the mate asked for was the despatch-box. It was a very stout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a raurUne- epike which lie brought with him, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about him, soon saw a good packet of lettoH, aud despatches of different lengths, tied for the most part carefully with silk, aad bearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat him down upon the deck, aud wbile the rest looked anxiously ou, began wi ll great coolness to peruse the documents one by one. They seemed to be but of little intern-:, for as be read, hi- brows darkened, and he uumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were «otjn floating, like so many whit birds between the sloop and the ship. Ar leugth he opeucd a paper, scaled with black and red wax, which lie had no sooner seen than be started up, crying, " Ida, this will do, even though th'-re be no other!" And thou stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of oue of the captured Spaniards, whether there whs an axe in the ship i The man shrunk back from the question. 44 Why, you fool?' continued the mate, in broken Spanish, 44 1 am not going to chop off thy head with it : but I tell thee what, if tho axe be not forthcoming speedily, I may find means of making thee a head shorter without it." So the weapon was duly produced. 44 Now, Benjamin Hackett," says Jerry, addressing one of the first boat's crew, 44 I heard ydu boast the other night how speedily you could fell a. tree in Virginia. Take the axe, and prove thy words -on the mat of this sloop." At this the Spaniards, who guessed by the gestures which passed what was to be done, set up very dismal lamentations, and began I to conjure us. by a1 the paints, to leave them the means of getting to land. 44 You may get to land," replied Jerry, ! 44 very well under a jury-mast, but 1 intend that you shall bo some time about it, or we shall have ft score of pestilent armadilocs out swarming about our ears." In the meantime. Mackett, who was a sturdy fellow as might be, first applied the axe to the standing rigging, and in a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings at the bulwarks, col lapsed, as it were, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and work with the rolling of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Mackett, flinging aside his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood with good will. The white chips glanced about the deck, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. 44 Now?' says Mackett, stopping in bis work, 44 which side of the sloop shall I send the mast over 44 Over any side, with a murrain, to thee, so thou makest haste?' answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up under her keel, ho struck the finishing blow witb such good will that tbe ax© sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and -with a crack like a musket-shot., the matt, with all its appurtenances of rigging and fluttering canvas, fell crash ing into the sea, smashing to dust the light bulwarks of the sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as ihe jagged and splintered end of tho timber continued to rub and rasp against the eido of the vessel, impelled by tbe heaving of the swell. 44 Arid now, Spaniards," said Jerry, 4 you may get to Truxillo as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there." With that we all got into our boats again ; most of the crew jeering at and flouting the disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as they stood like men bewildered upon tbe deck of their crippled ship. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain ; the man was quite dead, and becoming stiff and void already. Our oars fell into the water, and the boats were speedily hoi>:cd up to the davits of the Saucy Susan. Thm .Terry, going aft, touched his hat to Lc Chiffon Rouge very ceremoniously, aud presented him with the casket of despatches an d the particular letter which he had read, the ship all this time lying to, hut gradually drifting to leeward of tne barco longo. which now exposed but little surface to tbe wind. After a pretty long communion between these two worthies, Lc Chiffon Rouge ordered tho boat swain to call all bands, and presently tbe whole crew were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking oil his hut, began to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which be appeared food of, beiug of a loug-wiudod nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he now 6&id; were a follows The Saucy Suaan, as they all knew, was bound on a cruLe to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, tbey wore their own master?, and could change their cruiting ground as often as they thought fit. Well, here were lettrio despatches newly captured from the " Barco Longo?' as one of them related to a rich Spauish riiip which was shortly expected in these seas, the cap tain proposed that it be read aluud in English, for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing the contents of the paper, they might determine as ttiey thought fit. The crew received this oration with signs of great satisfaction, and oue or two cried out. 44 Ay, ar. translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider. " Upon tins, Le Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbold, who came forward, and placed tlie important letter in the pearl merchant's hands. Rum bold looked at tlie manuscript, which was written in a fair haud, aud then read out very fluently as follows From my House at Ferrol. U pan such a date. Good and trusty Manual— 44 You have beeu iibseut at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, 1 re turned to the main land in the long-boat of the great galleon, reft of all the "treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plun dering heretics, who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest the Indian sens, I was not able personally to let you know the particu lars of our misfortune, aud. indeed, I had but small time aud le?s heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching l'orto Bello, to which place we scudded before the wind, which was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiere, acd buccaneers, aud sail very prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthugena galleon, that was indeed a heavy loss, and I havp made it my petition to the lung that he will cause repre sentations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the cou- duct and bearing of tla-ir subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days sail fron?Car- tbageoa, we beatingtn windward, a vail was descried an hour before sunset, but which vanished before the dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captaiu of the galleon assuring me that all was well, aud a very good look-out kept from nil parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozing, just after having heard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin, and looking half- asleep, half-awake at the lamp as it swung to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows upon the tapestries, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and the runniug of feet upon the deck above, and then. Manual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage "burralia" which are tbe war-cry of the English, followed almost on tbe infant by a shock which made the great pallcou tremble and surge from ride to side. At that moment there came flying down the cabin-stairs our friend Collado. of the Hermitage Piautation, his face like uuto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruiuod and undone, for that wbile the watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by thd» calmneas of the weather, a pirate schooner had suddenly laid the galleon on board, and that our good cap tain had fallen in the very volley 1 had just heard discharged. But even while he was speaking the up roar on deck was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sides of the two vessels encountered when they rolled, and the fierce outcries aud clash of steel, and frequent pistol and curbiue shots fired while tho pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leapirg upon the deck. They were devils, Manual. No man i/ould resist them. They yelled aud fought, and seemed to dc- s.pi«se their lives ; and accordingly, in a mo ment. and ere I could oven put on mv gar ments, in came the spoilers, rushing down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old mnn. naked to the waist, and with a handkerchief twisted rouud his grey liair, loadiugthemon, sword and pistol in baud. Thus were wc constrained to surrender. Nevertheless, Manual, I must do our spoilers tliis justice : they sought not to harm our persons, and were even (in their way) courteous to ue their prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty hu<1 somewhat dignified aspect, and whom thoy called 4 Captain Jem, ' and sometimes 4 Stout Jem? " Here Rumbold made a pause, as if to cough# and glanced slily at me. Oh, bow my hoftrt leaned as I listened. Hunost, noble Captain Jem ! No prisoners but what would have mercy and courtesy at thy hands Rumbold continued— 44 This old man presently desired to sneftk with me privately, hud, quoth he# 4 There was oue of oar crow captured by Spaniards at Cdfthegcna ; tell me, truly, is he dead or alive?" At this I bethought me that there had been, indeed, an English prisoner ex amined at the alcaide's; for that strange roan, Don Jose, had informed xne o! the fact, and also that tbe Englishman behaved very boldly when pat to hie trial ; and thia I told to the pirate cap tain, adding, that I understood that he had made his escape into the woods, and, although lie hod been seen in the streets of Cnrtbageua at night, ard hotly pursued, yet that he bftd given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my band in a strange fashioD, and whispering me, 4 1 loved that young man as though t were his parent? added, 4 We make war npon you Spaniards, but we arc no thieves : therefore let each man of you take his clothes and his private stock of money, and descend ppcedily into the boate. Tbe ship and o&rgo; we claim, but not the private goods of passengers and crew.' 4 1 give thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find tbora tcdiou. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and eaw the galloon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster ; now to another matter." 44 And tbe matter which concerns ns most, shipmates," said Jeray. 44 Go on, Mr. Rum bold." I give the latter part of the letter with all its details although the information involved in it came at lavt to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to change our plans, and indirectly led to the loss of the ship. Tho letter then ran somewhat as follows : — 44 And now, good Manual, our friend and correspondent, JuanGramada, of this town, designing speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Truxillo, and laden with wines, clothe, laces, and divers sorts of goods properfor the Indian markets, I have advised him that he should cause her to pause in lier course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of Cnraeoa, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, us I learn, do not often sail to windward of tho Gulf of Venezuela. These islets are called Jt-h dm or Bird Islets. I have landed upon tbe.a ; they are not inhabited, save by counties flocks uf sea birds, and they arc full uf good harbours and creeks, where ii riiip may comniudiooriv ride at anchor. Mj advice, then, to J uan Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let his ship pause at these i.«lauds, her captain having been there once before: and that, in the meantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you cau put trust in a good piragua, or einall sailing sloop, to the Isles , des Avee, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear# bo as to make tbe run across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of vour agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidiugs, then the captain of Gramada's ship has instructions to direct the course of tbe vessel to auy other port in New Spam, or to the Havnnn&b;, as you may think fit, where the wares can be disposed of to advantage." These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to any of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronounced. It was Fedro Davosa. When Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerrv took up the word. 44 Now, comrades," quoth he, 44 yon have heard the news. What say ye, shall we coutinue our course to the south west, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat up for the IbIcs des Avcs 1 J tell yen that a cargo such as the writer mentioneth is worth lookingfor, and it may be that we shall in the meantime light upon prey as valuable running down from the islands as wc should have met upon the coast of the main." Upou this. Joriah Ward, being one of the oldest men on board, gave as his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for tlie Isles des Ave, keeping not far from the mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay which many Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart fiom. This seemed to settle the matter. The raain-tipaail waa filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to south east, nud then, with a hearty cheer as au opening to our new cruise, we moved away, leaving the Barcu Longo, witb her over thrown raast, sadly drifting on the sea. T'j n«: COM INI ':o. I 