THE RELIGIOUS CARD PLAYER; A privateisoldier by tei name of' Richard Lee vas:Oaken-nina y years ago tieforo a magistr?tuof..Glaso w for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is givcn as follow's:-A 'sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the prayers and tol:k the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer-book, but pulling out a pack of cards he spread them before him. He first looked ateone &ild; and theni inotlier. The eiergeait' f tile coinpan saw hi' and said "Riichard, put up the cards ; this is no place for them." " Never mind that," said Richard. When the service was over the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the Magistrate. " Well" said the Magistrate, " what have you brought the soldier here for 2" "For playing cards in church." - Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself 1" " Iuch, sir, I hope." Very good, if not I will punish'y severely:" "' Ihave been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the march. l: I,'haveo neither Bible nor Common Prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of playing (cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the' purity of my intentions." Then spreading the cards before the Bailie, lihe commenced with the ace. "When I see the ace it reminds me that ltheie'Jis but one' God. WheiilI see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. "When I see the three it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached-Mathew, Mark, Luke and John. " When Isee the five it reminds me of the wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. When I see the six it__reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. \--" When Lsee rthe.seven.,it reminds me that on thel'seventh day Godd rested fron the greti e "ii rk lhictl lie made, and halloWed it. " 'When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world-viz., N6hl, and liiss'ifF is'thice sons, and their wives, i . ', - . . " When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers who were cleansed by the Saviour. ; There were nine out of ten who 'never returned thanks. " Whien I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tablets of stone . " When I see the Icing it reminds me of theWgreit Kirig of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. " When I see the queen it reminds me of. the Queen of Sheba, who visitedSolomon, for she -as a woman as lie was a' man. She brought "50 boys and 50 'girls, ?ll dressed in boys' apparel, for King Soloneon tb tell which were boys and which lone girls. The king sent for water fra thpi to wash. The girls washed to the eabowe, and -the boys to the 'wrists; so King Solomoi told by that." " Well," said the Bailie, "yot have described' every care in e.pack excOEpt one.1 .. . , exce.. it What is that "?' \-- "The knave," said the Bailie. " I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry." " I will not," said the mBaiie :. " If you do not ternc me the knave." " The greatest knave is the constable who brought' ime here." " I dent know," said the Bailie, "If he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." "Wuhen I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find :i5, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find 52-. the number of weeks in a year. I find there are 12 picture-cards in a pack repre. senting the number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks I find 13-the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for .a Bible, alnumac and Common prayer-book. Prince Albert Victor while in Calcutta received a deputationfrom the Leper Asyluid Committee, and colsesnted that the isy.uni about to be built should be named after him, Every precaution is taken to secup t hb Queen against lthcs influ?ena. A 11 es documents from the Foreign ODtices a Ctltast' fected and pqrstnal iqtercourse is avotide, Influenza can it is said he traced as far b?ck as the year 412 n.? ; it appears again in 591 as an epidimic all over Europe, and affected cattle as well as men, and when Pope Gregory instituted a grand -procession t ughome eighty persons felldown ad, 