[?] kiiii Mix tdiUii^orhiit^j.: DeC^iabit, I9tli, tfilill wti h^vo diaposed ot «*»wi®nr.,w10 hr© Hardly entitled tq.talk dboUt Chriatmai. Indeed tho ono dbei n'6t commflhw Until tlie othor end*. Both tlie beginning atld tils end are, howevor, at hand. On Saturday nothing tho Houses will bo prorogued with all tbo f.\» thnt himillPSP. &nd; OUr patriotic legislators will retire into recess. This consummation will be received with con siderable satisfaction, for the couutry has had just sufficient of the fooling that has been afoot. Our politics are distiuctlv diseased ; there is no life in them, but only a sort of sickly galvanism passing for such. A general eloction would bo a good political tonic to the wholo community. It is understood by all that the Opposition only has to say ' bo,' and the present Miuistrjr will go. ^ Only tho generous spirit of giving the novices a show, rostr.Vinsthernbicund Gillies from uttering tho magic monosyllable. That anything import-, ant has beon dono during the session boyond changing the Cabinet is difficult to discover. Tbe things biggest in it are ngliost, and are more likely to re-appear phantastnally on tho eve of an election, than to be projninontly ob traded at present. When that poriod arrivos Gillies will be the Richard befoto whom the ghosts will 111% and the hustings will be his BosWorth field. ThoSliades ofStriko, of Pol troon Proclamation, of Mobilised Militia, of ? Litelow Prico, of Surplus (King of Shadows), and of Rotteu Railways will make tho prc ccssion; and, in tho battlo, Doakin will be the Richmond who will win tho day. The full flood of the Christina? eoason is fast submerging us benoath a soa of sonti' mont. Everybody eoems to have a pannican ready to take a share in the tide as it pasios. Charitv at this timo of the vear literally flannts, and, casting aside timidity and modera tion, makes hor ceaseless and very varied re quests with an immodesty that approaches in docpncy. Catds of conrse are conspicuous everywhere ; and the newspapers are filled with those charming Christmas storios thnt ^ turn up every twelve months, and always havo something in them about bolls. Vaga bonds and prodigals generally homeward fly and disturb the peace of domesticity that resigns in their ancestral halls at- all times except Christmas that, is nominally the period 'of festivity and peace :-hoso social scapo-jgraces transform it to ono of doicfuliies nnd dismay. With all such things, however, we must have patience, and find consolation in the fact that all our supeifluous sentiments and visits of ua . desirable relations are concentrated iuto one portion of tho year, leaving tho remainder free. ^ There will be nothing very remarkable in our Christmas celebrationsthis year. Indeed, thoy will be of an entirely routine character. That is, there will bo a pantomime, a perform ance of tho XdeBsiah, and an Intercolonial Cricket Match, juBt as havo been year after year almost since the colouy was founded, 'It is no doubt considered singularly appro priate by those concerned that a man who has undertaken to fast forty d-tys and forty nights in the Waxworks should be in tho full swing of his performance duriug tuo birth anniver sary of Christ. From a commercial stand, point this is no doubt a proper viow to take of the position, but from the sacred aspoct of the matter it is simply damnable. What with fa^ug men, Salvation Army big drums, Var ley vapourings,,. and other abominations oxist- iog'/ortheVsake gi Mary'd son, one is almost, driven. to exclaim with Voltaire, ' For God's, sake don't l6t me hear that man's name again.' The rain who is emulating^-rwhnt, despite its having been shown to be' humanly possible, it still clung toby the Church as a miracle, u named Tanner — Felix Tannor. He has nl ready accomplished 24 days of his stipulated period of focdlessness. He is in high hopes of passing safely through tho balance. So far he has not attracted great attention, but no doubt as he gets nearer the fortieth day intorost in turn will quicken. The honours in his line ot business aro divided with huu.by an enormous ^ alligator recently added to the Aquarium. ^^'This animal is also passing through a pro longed fast. Whether its main object is gate \- money has not so far been divulged. It obsti 1 nately declines to eat and bids fair to die of k starvation. An effort will probably be made I to stimulate his appetite by a morsel or two r in the shape of live puppies. It would doubt L less prefer babies. Wagers are now being ^ made as to whether Tanner or the alligator ? will tiMrl nttf thm Innirnp. As -a closing act of tho Assembly it is I plsasin£tole able to record a satisfactory! settlement of tho unpleasantness which threatened to mako tho Railway Standing Committee an abortion. It will be recol lected that the Opppsition expressed itself' aggrieved at the attempt made by the uew Ministry to make the body iu question a party concern, and so completely impair the confi dence of the community in its proceeding*. On Wednesday night Mr Shielt proposod that the Opposition should allow a member to be nominated from its ranks to the seat still vacant in tho committeo, and which it has hitherto declined to fill. As an inducement to Mr Gillies to accept this proposition the Go vernment undertook to permit the next two vacancies to bo also fillod by the Opposition, j\Ir utllies! rejected tho oiTor, La*t night however, Mr Mason, tho last appointee of the auniBurjr uuuuuulou U»» *«a,gutmtuw uvw uuu committee. This was deemed tho proper thing, and Mr Gillies at once declarod himself agreeable to carry out tbe equality of repre. mentation originally approved. Thus the first blunder of the new Cabioet has boon repaired. This is extremely satisfactory, for as a censor of railway construction tho committee, un biassed by party considerations, should be in valuable. ' . December 23rd. Parliament was duly prorogued on Saturday morning. The Government Houso circus turned out.in full strength to do the occasion honor, youog Hopeful's appalling State coach boing the prominent feature in the procession. Tbis equipage, with its gaily trapped horses, its brilliant ' himmorcloth, bedizened panels, wigged and powdered coachmen, nnd footmoa standing behind in three cornered hats, bluo coats', yellow knickerbockors, pink stockings and satin shoes, with tho gubernatorial^ oiuueu uuuuiui iu«tuu, ot* UJ °«* troopers aud followed by a liko number, is a night for the gods. It is all tho correct thing no donbt. Yot oven iu' England I hardly think sueh pomp ol perambulation is usaal oxcopfr in the Lord tiajoc's Show. The ex. tremoa to which the young Gov. goes in the matter of hia public appearances are somewhat curiou*. Nothing could excel (ho ceremony .of his movements on such State occaiions as a * prorogation of Parliamsnt ; while in less im portant fuuetiona ho is unconvoutional almost to a fault. He drives about or walks the atreet puffing at tho butt of a miserable cigarette. . He really should learn to manage a eigar. Ia one way and anothor, however, he M ? is 'growing immeusely popular. Hia ami* bility is .very agreeable, whilst the manful ji way in which he fulfils tho duties of his office ia admirable. If he would learn to smoke, a i-l cigar acd to walk without putting his arms oat like the wings of a ponguin, aud not to 'deliver after dinner speeches on subjects - line \\\ dwinago, he would bo potfect, was nothing in the Governor's speech ^^^^^^^^losing of tbe talking House. The ^^^^^^^Mion was to the strike in which the ^^^^^^^^Lprevailed was ascribed te tbo com the community, and not ^^^^^^^^Hoclamation, the Mobilised Militia, ^^^^^^^^^^kenco to this point that tha Age now militia to havo been an un and stat'a that it must be that tho police wero moro than ^^B^^^Pfcope with any emergency that might $?.ruen. Such tin aimlssiou ia au.tndica ^^?l^/ tbat the Radical Rng is about to ttim its l^ls for a tack. Tho labour party .will assuredly be tho victors nt the general' elec. ^Hptiou that is in tbe near futuro, uod the Age ^^tmeans to beon tho winning side. It also no, ^^Akpbt intends to witrm . n placo of leodershipl satellite Beakic,-who ^ destined to be ^^^^^^^derof tho Labour-Liberal Ministry that final econea the Houio on ^^^^^^^^^^^^MMinseemly, showed *n a into drifted, was vacant seats ^ paid. It- li L( jlti -VspdtstliJa. iUoM lloil illdiild ;aoiVJ this Vofy furpoSo, [bough espHrlance lid? ellctwn tfl that pettmors bah even onier Into ill discussion. .Perhaps itie.p&riod; wheli Australia will donsWer thfi qucatldu of parting fcota England, will bo tltd I birth time of a .soitUoru ? uation ; for I whniever the vrosult v . of suah a J controversy; it wotild, sorve to^ inspiro our palntbwj poets, ^rritSjrB, and minicians with gonuina ana nign leeiings, so o««.»uu»njBi5 art, our literature, and oiir ninslc .as dlstlnotly characteristic schools, and sfrseping away the dilettante, artificial and moanlngless eliqU«j who now use tbe muses as mere playthings and produce nothing but stupid and useless t'ash. Among tho tisitora io tho gallery at the prorogation of Parliament wore tho ladies Estella and Dorothea Jlope, Bisters of the Governor. Theie ladies aro i° overy respect charming additious to Melbourne society. They are oxtrtmely elegant in appearanco and olto gother debonair in manner, Whilst caring but little for the stiffnesB of convention, tftey yet do not carry their unconvoutionallty to such an extent as to depart from dignity, I They are certain to become very popular. Many tales are told of thoir merrinou of spirit, nod thorough determination to enjoy life. In England for a season thojr oroatea a sensation ? by driving donkeys in tandem amongst the aristocratic conveyances as» sembled at a fashionable watering placo. Here, no doubt, thsy will take to leading donkoys of tho biped order by way of a chango. Tho bipeds in question will bo perfectly agrooable to bo so employed. Wo aro in hopes, how over, that tho yoB&£ ladies will also resume their dookoy driving diversions; Thoy would amuse us. On tho voyage out they wore tho life of tho ship; Thoy made groat friends with ti little girl, tho daughter of a well known Melbourne solicitor, aud some time an irro* pressiblo momber of Parliament of the Crick | order. The child remained at Adelaide where, when the mail boat had left, she gave ex pression to her feeling of ennui in tho remark, 'Oh, doar, how I do miss thoso Hope girls.' If ' thoso Hope girls ' will only do something to shock tbo ' prunes and prisms ' preciseness out of our so called society set Melbourne will be grateful. Our society girls want shaking up. and from all accounts tbe ladies Estella and Dorothea will perform that operation most effectively; , . An inbtitntion that bns boen an object of iotorest and amusement to Melbournians for some time is the Austral Salon. Tbis is a sort of Ladies Club. It has all tbo big poople on its members' list, and also a great numbor of the little ones. The big lot uro passive members, the small set are oxtremoly nctivo. The latter chiefly consists of concoited young ladies, whogjiyo the/psplves airs iaconsequouco of .their being dabblers in ono or otlter of tho high arts and profession*. j£ta qiost mis chievous spirits aro the ladies who move in the lower ranks of inferior journalism. They are mot^ly scribblers for tho numerous society equibs with which tjje week end is now filled, or else they ar,e occit^QtiaJ pontributors to the evening journals, jln the Sal^n tlfov posp and . pass for Jittorateprs of the first wit'er. As a fact, however, they have but little claim to be esteemed as disciples of literaturo at all. Thoy 1 can all Ulk fluently about the style of authors, ; tboir peculiarities and tho scandalous iucidents , of their biographies, but upon the subject of thsir thought they are dumb. This is be ciuso the literary knowledge of these ptttU | coated pedants is solely derived from reviows | and magazines, and not at all from the works of the uuthora about whom they talk so glibly, '1 he Salon protends to bo vory grand. It presumes to sot the fashion, and take* credit to itself for tho rerival of powder and patches. This is nn excellent example of its influence, and an indication o? the character of its members. The great German, Goethe, wrote, ' Whoever works with symbols only is a pedant, & hypocrite, or a bungler.' The ! Salou is simply a collection of jugglors with djmbols-~a contemptibly collection of pedants, hypocrites, and bunglprs. It it chiefly com posed of and controlled bv women, but fow mon being members. Tho jealousy, envy, and spite that exist amongst the offico bearers beggar description, Indsed, it is only pride that keeps tho Salon from disintegrating en tirely, and like the baseless fabric of a vision dissolving into thin air. More of the Salon anon. When this appears wo shall be, lise the rest of Christendom, at tho climax of our annual spasm of charity — the plum puddlug. Charity may be described as a combination of all the virtues, and such to the British mind lis a groat, heavy, bilju)]y*stoffed plum pud. ding. We are having very unusual weather for the season; It is generally disagreeably hot and dusty at Christmas *, this time it is unpleasantly cold and p^uddy. Wo attribute this to the recent eclipse of tho syn. The theory is, of course, rathor tb;n, byt it ;s good enough. I remembor we had a similar experience about four years ego^v That time wo put it down to n comet. ' Human eu , lightenment has iudeed made wonderful pro gress when it can so roadily find solutions to the problem' of nature. How beautiful too it is to contemplate the birth of Christ being celebrated by a grand world-wido Christian gorging of roast^ gooso. and hojjed plum pud-1 ding! Who will wish poace and goodwill on oarth amongst all mon under such circum stances ? Rather, siuce tuch things are the results of sound livorr, let ui begin earlier with cur . benevolent wishes', and fervently breathe the prayer:— Now, good dfgosMoa nait on appetite, And health ou both* 