GENERAL NEWS. — ^ The Director of Pablic Works has had cast anomber of models of the little Hero nugget which Has recently found at Kinaberley. The work has been well executed by Mr. Bockelman, and the model will be sent to the museums of the various parts of the world. In their young days Earl Jersey, the new Governor of New South Wales, and the present English Attorney General, Sir Richard Webster, ran a mile race and « beat the record.' It is news to hear that the Sydney people have spent £13,000 on their organ, and have spoiled it by their parsimony. Yet this is the verdict of professional people. To save expense, the organist is planted down so close to the pipes that the wind nearly bio wb his teeth down his throat, and he cannot hear what be is playing, or Bee the conductor's beat. The following clipping from a Melbourne exchange has a reference to a well known figure in theatrical cricles in this colony; — Mr. Canard has re-opened the St. George's Hall, and he has with hiinMr. Alfred Silvester, whom wo most of as remember here as a slim lad cleverly helping bis father, the late 'Fakir of Oolu,' bat who is now a very competent and attractive en tertainer himself. Mr. Canard has his own j-lmyminfy and accomplished wife, who sings with great power and sweetness, and does all sorts of things in the »w««n-^.l line. He has, besides, a very good company, and he shows a combination of tableaux and illusions, and ghost scenes, and fairy grot toes, with mermaids 'i*A myifa and water nymphs therein; and he has marvellous automata, and a variety of wonders all shewn twice a^day andare well worth seeing. A Bill was recently introduced into the Queensland Assembly which contained a clause making it illegal for a barrister or solicitor to practise before any justice of the Supreme Court or justice of the peace who may bear to h'*» the n*?at'i1|-i^pjfc of father, eon, or brother. Referring to the arrival of Sir William Robinson at K.G. Sound the Albany AAwr tiser states : — Messrs. John M^lT«dl & Co. inform us that they are endeavoring to arrange that tie O.R.M.S. Orient, which brings Sir William Robinson, Bhall come into Princess Soyal Harbor instead ef lying in the Sound. It is to be hoped that they will succeed in this matter. Says the Sydney Bulletin ; The ' six ftm.fl.on ' of Western Australia, who for. many years have been occupying most of the public positions and good things in that province, are very uneasy as to the result of the introduction of self-Government. The Civil Service Commission, which will probably be appointed by the new Parlia ment, will unearth some transactions unique in the history of nepotism. 'Wycliffe the morning Star of the Wngi'gh Reformation' is the subject chosen by the Bev. Wo. A. Potts for bis first lecture before 'the Methodist Gaud and their friends to-morrow* night in Wesley School Boom. The reverend gentleman nasTnade a good name for himself as a public speaker, and his lecture will prove a jreat treat to those who gather to hear lim. The following rainfall was registered at 9 o'clock this morning i-^orthampton, 0-72 ; GeraldtoD, 0-11 ; Dangarraj «*10 ; Greenough, O-25 1 Hew Korcia, 0-30 j New castle, 0-20 ; -Hngin,O-69 ; Northam, -W» s York, 015 ; Beverley, 0-12 ; Gmldford, O'4lj Perth, 0-33; Fremantle, 0*39; Jarrahdale, 0-04; Pinjarrab, 0*12 j Mandurab, 0-20; 0-12 j Bunhnry, &O3; ; Vasse, OOl ; Bridgetown; fi«4 ; Albany, 0-36 ; Bremer Bay«&2f^«^£faperance Bay 0-02. Should any inadvertent errors be apparent to those interested in oar report of the Fremantle Rifle Volunteers annual djstn. bution of prizes, lat-t Wednesday, each may be ascribed to the fact -that the Press were entirely overlooked in miAing the ar rangemehtB, the space 'generally reserved for the use of the reporters being taken up by seating accommodation for the general public ' Mr. H. B. Dixsoa is organising a 'first annual concert for the members of St. John's Church Choir, Fremantle. The pieces chosen include Sharpe's nursery ditties, two of Catty's plantation songs, and tie Orpheus quartettes and solos. The concert will be held sometime next month. It is the intention of Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Venn to again take up their residence at Daxdanup fart, 'which has been rented by Mr. J. Taylor for some time past Last Wednesday the annual prizes f oi good shooting were presented to the best marksmen of the F.R.V. by Mrs. C. L Clifton in the Town Hall, Tremantte* An interesting item in the program me was the presentation of a sword to Major Humble on bis retirement from the corps. The gift is a major's regimental drees sword, with richly chased handle, from an. tmiiwt London firm. The blade bears the following inscription : Pre sented to Major Humble by the members of the Fremantle Sine Volunteers, 1890.' An account of the proceedings appears in ansther column. The Premantte Municipal Council adver tise in our business columns for tenders for the erection of a stockade on the South Beach. Tenders will be received on Tuesday, 2Sth prox. Plans and specifications may be seen at the Town Surveyor's office. At the Fremantle Police Court on Thursday, before Mi. R. Fairbairn, R.M., Thomas Mclntyre was charged with hav ing been ou the back premises of Mr. S. Pearse. He was sent to prison for one month. The accused had been 48 times previously before the court. The West Australians are evidently quite as fond o! their smoke as their neigh bours. For instance, while their oownnnp tion of tobacco for last year was equal to 3-26 lbs. per head of the population, for the same period New South Wales consumed 3-53, and Queensland 849, while Victoria required 2-93, Tasmania 1*86, New Zealand 1-75, and South Australia only 1'32. The usual fortnightly sitting of the Perth Local Court was held yesterday, when a number of petty debt cases were dealt with, none of them being defended. The only important case onthe list -was one by tha liquidator of the Perth Club to re cover from Mr. W. G. Hearman J!10 due for calls. The defendant did not appear and judgment wastherefore given for the plain tiff. On a judgmentBummoBS Mr. J. H. Drake was ordered to pay Mr. Hussey Jt£7 and costs,or go to prison for 40 days. On 'Change yetttiday a tale tock place in Fraser's, at 4s. For Fraser's South 2/11 was offend, with sellers at 3/3. For Centrals, 5/* was offered, with sellers at 8/. In tin, Bunburyjvere wantei at 1/-, with sellers at 2/6. The area and capacity of the Hotel del Coronado, of San Diego, which is said to be the largest Hotel in the world, is — Area of grounds, twenty acres; area covered by building, five acres ; total floor area, four and a half acres ; capacity of reservoirs, 150,000 gallons; urea of duung-iooms, 10,000 square feet. 