MR. AND MR3S.BOWSER. BY Mas Bowsi. I suppose Mr Bowser is just like all other husbands in regard to money matters, and I hope no one will get the idea, that I am speaking in a complaining tone. It is the duty of a wife to put up with whatever i queer things her husband's nature may develop, and no wife must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies and incomprehen- N sible actions. A few weeks before we were, married he himself brought up the subject of money Uitatersw and that tomygeat embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality e9:W . , There is one thing which shall never hap pen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an out-lawed account. They pinch K them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve contempt. Half my income is yours, dearest Why not 1 We are the same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual con venience and safety, you have the same right to it as I have. When you want any, just J. go to the book and help yourself.' ca We had been married several weeks when F 1 wanted a couple of dollars. I happened C, to think of it as Mr Bowser lay asleep on J the lounge one evening, and I therefor: took out his pocketbook, removed a 2dol. bill, and replaced the rest as I found it. As 1 did so he jumped up and yelled out ' Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't no S what the article is! Married only six weeks, and you are robbing your husband !' ' You told me to help myself.' ' Never! I'd look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I!' * But you sail half your incom- belonged to me, and that 1 never need want for money.' 'You must be crazy! What on earth could you do with money I Why, if you had 15dol. or 20dol. per week you'd run us tol ruin in three months ! II don't want to pinch you down as some wives are pinched, but A don't you ever have the audacity to put a hant on my wallet again ! When you want change I'l give it to you.' In the course of a week or two I asked him n for a dollar, It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked almost caused me to choke on a mouthful of potato. ' A dollar ' he exclaimed. 'Yes, you said Ishould ask you when I T wanted any money.'-- - ' Hump ! Here is forty cents, and I hope you will exercise good judgement in ex- th pending it.' Two daJs later he inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said- b ' Mr Bowser, we have been married eight at weeks, Your income, as you have informed fa me, is 40dol. per week.' SW-what's that to do with this case ? SA great deal, sir. You have had 280dol. come in since we were married. How have you spent it I Please get out your account p book.' is SAre you talking to me ? SCertainly. I am the same as a business partner, How has that money gone ? He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him and he put on his hat and - walked around the block to cool of. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say-' Mrs Bowser, there must be a head to every house.' ' Yes.' " ' That head must see to money matters.' ' Yes.' I SI don't wan't to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money to a certain extent, it-it---' ' It is not my money to another certain extent ? ' Well, the proper way for you is to con for with me as to what you need.' ' If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ? ' But that's different.' 'Oh! it is l Very well-let us confer. ( Get out your pencil and put down; 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2 cents ; 1 darning needle, 1 cent; 6 agate buttons, 3 cents; 1 corset - lace--' SStop !' he interrupted. * As I said before I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases Here's a half, and you needn't show mn any bill of items. We had not 'leen married three months when I observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr Bowser, He would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. On two occasions :I found his wallet in the hall- tree drawer when I came down first Again, it was under the lounge in the sitting room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings, he replied that it was to guird against burglars. One night when he thought I was asleep, he got up and tcok his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the square bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about forty dollars. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and presently I heard him dancing about and shouting ' By the great horn spoon ! but we've been Srobbed, Mrs Bowser 1' ' Well f \- 'VWe had burglars in the house last night !' 'No!' *Yes, we had - .. . 'How do you know? ' Because my money is gone " 'WVhere was it I' 'It was-.' He checked himself there and mumbled something I could not hear, but when he came down he was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as he said ' Mrs Bowser, do you think the cook is honest ": Why, of course. How could she conme in our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat I' ' Strangest t-hi'ng I ever saw. They took the money, but left the wallet.' At this moment he began searching his pockets, and 'hen he foiaid the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity inim. Since then I have found his wall.et in the washstand, in the bed, behind the )ureau, _nerdiffererk chairs, ii: the clothes hamper, to have a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and iw had ee gone an' hour or Ilnmre, when P' ic :kd out ad( sawV him coming up the st.:'et on tJ e keen jump, with everybody tur:ing to look at him. I supposed the house was on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into a chair. lie jumped agaitnst the front docir "i :' t great bang, fussed around to u:lock it, and tinally rushed in to yell out ' Where is ,?V coLt ' Is-is the house a:ire I r si.t:. SThunder, no ! ;cr- -y j-; " Why, hanging on the halt tit-.' ' And you've been into-utv wallet . ' No, I have'nt. I hlave'nt even touched the coat.' He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found the wallet sate, and, as I afterwards aseertained, it contained exactly 7dol. and no more. Potato rot is caused by the working of a minute insect. Pasteur, the e::;I?hent French chemist, recently ex:nined:l a jiees of this rot, the size of a pin's head. :, it, living a regular cat-and-dog life, continually hiting and clawing at each other, he found over two hundred minute forms of aniuld life. 