THE ID£L1S OF CHILDKEN. (D4IL1* SEWS.) Everything is a mj>tery to a ^hild, aud all children are mysteries to us. They move about in worlds not realised, and they*seldom confide to the hostile tribes of the tro»n up what they are thinking about things. Aa they grow older, the jjiieer, inuoceut visioas faint from their memory, aud very few people neooUect-—«tiU fewer have ev«r told us—what was their rfiildfah eoncBptton. «f the univcr«o. Nor is it easy to discover what passe* iu a child's mind. Only by accident is it let oat. If you auk questions yon puzzle them, and they answer not at all, or answer iu improvised myths, like the child in Wordsworth's poem, "There is no weathorcoek, and that a the reason v/by." Travellers find the same difficulty in getting at the legend* of savages. "X'iie only plan is to iiKten t-j iliem as they talk among themselves, but parents woald scarcely think it fair to ILstea to children among themselves even in the interests of science. Odd things are overheard in that way, as when some Scotch children were discussing Creation, and one of then, a girlish theologian of six, maintained that the Creator " first made a little place to s*aaJ <jn ; sad then did the rest." This was a myth in the making. The scientific interest lies here ; if there is anything in evolution, a child's mind may be expected to pass through the stages of the early mind of primitive humanity. The processes will not be iJeatfcai, i-jcause cMIdreu tire $;i»ght matters, as ia rcligloa, wliicL liyli their uuturi! intellectual height. Foreign bodies of belief and custom, are introduced into their thoughts These they tackle as best they may with their undeveloped mental processes and capacities. If the irpotbesis of evolution, as commonly understood, is correct, and applies here, and if children think as s-a vage races do, they will regard all things mdif crimiiiately as personal and animated. Not only will beasts have human attributes in the child's and savage's miud, but even stones and stars will be alive and conscious. Kohl mentions an Ojibbcway who adored a great rock as his "Jfanitou," because it oncc made a bow to him. Any stone might have dona it; but this particular stone did, and he was sensible^ of it* Courtesy and kind interest. Mr. Grant Allen has lately been argning, in the J'<i,-tnightly J'ericti, that stones are worshipped (as they are all the world over) because gravestones were originally sacred, sancti&d; by the ghost of the dead men wh'j lie below." The stoae would be the spirit's home, aa<l, by extending the idea, other stones would come to be regarded as tenanted by spirits, and all alive. This is an extension or a following of Mr. Herbert Spsucer'a Tell-known hypothesis. By one of the curious accidents which are always occurring, a lady happened to give her childish belief in animated stones about the very time that Mr. Allen .offered to the world hie theory of the origin of the belief. In Longman"'* Magazine for February Mua Ingelow told the fitory of th e recollections of her infancy. Miss Ingelow does not seem to have thought of her anecdotes as bearing at all on " fetachism," as it is ca lled, the worship of stones, and the theory that stones are alive, and may even marry and have little pebbles, as in Fiji. When" Miss Ingelow was about three she was, though a little British child, a little Fetiehist. " I had a habit of attributing intelligence to not only all living creatures—the same amount and kind of intelligence I had myself—but evea to stones and manufactured articles, used to feel how dull it must be for the pebbles of the causeway to be obliged to lie still, and only see what was round about. When I walked out with a little basket for flowers I used sometimes to pick up a pebble or two and carry them round to have a change; then, at the furthest point of the walk, turn tbfcm over, not doubting that they would be pleased to have a new view/' Miss Ingelow had been taught theistic doctrine at very early age; otherwise, if left to herself, she would probably have worshipped a big rock. As she remarks, grown-up people foster this tendency of children to personify all things. They teach the children to "'slap the naughty floor " when they fall aud hurt themselves, and so forth. But we presume that the grown-up ate here accommodating themselves to iufantile psychology; they did not originally suggest it, in nil its force. If go, the question arises: did Miss Ingelow inherit a savage fancy, originally developed out of ghost-worship (as Mr. Allen's theory seems to be), or is this personification of all things an unconscious extension to the whole universe of the child's and the savageV: own sense of personality? Ls the notion ot the ghost of one buried under a stone at all neuessary for the development of the sense that all things have life? Philosopher* and evolutionists might, at least, try to learn mere about children than they know at present—more about what passes in their minds. An American author, Miss W iltse, has lately published some studies of childish ideas. They are less fetich is tic than Miss Irigelow's anecdote. A child might naturally make tijc myth that thunder is caused by rolling about heavy balls in heaven, or think that rain w as caused by " the leaking of the water carta up there." There is a pretty tale of a poor little city child, who had seen diamonds, "in a chop window, and on a patch of grass in Miss MaloneyV yard, real, early in the morning." San, moon, aud stars axe regarded as men, women, or angels, juefc m by the Australians, or the people of the Big Veda. A child whose feet were stained by blue stockings Ut "some of the sky had fatten down and he bad stepped in it. if «.- He IT, will not be " nearer Hearen than when he was s boy " in later years. Much might be learned if mothers and nurBeswete anthropologists, but it has not come to that yet. l A W 