tit• THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. I TALE OF THE IRISH OF 1641. REBELLION PAST II. CHAPTEE XVIII.—(Continued.) . BY MES. J. Sasijkb, Author of " New Lights" Blokes and Tknaaans," " WiUy Burke," " Red Sand o Ulster, etc." Whilst all Kilkenny was ringing with the unaccountable retirement of O'Moore from the Confederation, the young Tanist of Fermanagh and the friends of his family were thrown into strange confusion by the mysterious disappearance of Lorcan. The old man had bade his nephew good-night with unusual emotion one evening late, after the breaking-up of the assembly, and Roderick laughed as he-shook his hand, saying— •Uncle, what is amiss with you P One would think yon-were going a long journey.' The old man shook his head and sighed. 'The doom of our race is dark and heavy, Roderick, my son, and it weighs down the head of age at times.' ' Ha! ha! the spirits are at work again, I see. Have they followed us all the way to Kilkenny P' ' Nay, Roderick, scoff not at the things which thoii knowest not,' said the old man, solemnly; ' all places are alike to the creatures of air. They have been with me, son of my brother, since I came to this city of memories, and they have told me things which my lips may not utter or your ears' hear.' 'Said they aught of ConnorP' inquired Roderick, with more earnestness than he was aware of. ' Even that I may not answer, nephew. Their words are not to be repeated unto mortal ear. This only will I tell you— The oak of Fermanagh shivers in the blast—the storm is in its branches—the voice of the winds is loud and wild, it may be mournful—the hour of fate draws nigh—how it will pass—how the storm will end—what the wind-spirit discourseth unto us, is hidden from me, as yet, Farewell, son of Maguire! Farewell, Roderick of the spears ! Pleasant dreams be yours this night, pleasanter than those of your old uncle.' Do as he would, all that night bold Boderick could not get rid of the strange impression left by his uncle's words and manner. Accustomed as he was to his eccentric ways, he could not but feel that there was something more than usual in his thoughts, and in vain, and, indeed, involuntary speculation on what it might be, the Tanist spent his night. .Next morning brought the astounding news that Lorcan was not to be found. He had been seen at early dawn passing oat through one of the gates in company with a young Franciscan friar. The sentry at the gate, who chanced to be acquainted with the personal appearance of the old northern warrior, gave a ludicrous account of the singular figure he made iu a surcoat, hose, and jack-boots, with a small steel morion on his head, and the long grey locks, the growth of seventy summers, which had streamed on the breeze in Milesian glory, all carefully shorn away. It was a picture to excite the risible faculties of those who knew the old man, and at first his nephew did laugh heartily, supposing some strange - conceit, some passing whim, -hadinduced Lorcan to don that garb, 30 odious in his eyes, and that evening, (tr, at farthest, the ensuing day wpuld bring hun back to his anxious friends, Bat when evening came;andmorning, came, and the next day passed away ; without any. tidings of him, then •ttoderipk began to couple. his disappearance with his mysterious inuendos of the previous night, and something smote him with a sad. presentiment of evil. .Who could the friar, be who held secret communings with the simple old man, and anally c&wjgd; him, off on some errand toown.only to themselvesP For that •ljorpan> disappearance was Owing, to this "ranger's influence Roderick WAS quick •"hat the mischief!' cried Hugh jvhfinhjs friend unbosomed himt • misgiving, ' Could eMB . the same friar at whose beck Lorcan quitted me so hastily some days since at wie bishop's P' .. . 'How. is that, HughP I heard not of H '4P ra y you tell me how it was!' then related the incident, wnicty .of course, - went to confirm ^agrnrea suspicions. That the friar was somewhat other than he seemed ,there *m eveiy, reason to suppose, but as no was left to. trace the .,my*tery,, wwawpk,itm,fojoed to leave formatter toping 4bat,<tuno would ere ni i-i-'KUia. On the night following Lcrfcan's disappearance there stood by the old market cross of Kilkenny two men arrayed in the Celtic garb as usuaUy Worn by the clansmen, with coarse woollen siarfs of Variegated colours trapped in many folds around their chest and shoulders instead of the short cloak or cape worn by the chiefs over the tight-fitting jackeh One of these was tall, and lank, and slightly bent forward, while the other was short and thick, and well planted on his limbs. They were talking in the native language concerning what they had seen since they came to Kilkenny, and as the hour was late, and the streets well-nigh deserted, they conversed in a louder tone than they would otherwise have used in such a place. Moreover, they were neither of them accustomed to the restraints of city life, for their, days had all past amid the woods and in the fields under the free canopy of heaven far away in ' the north countrie.' So they chatted away on that night in the market-place of Kilkenny as fearlessly and freely as though they stood on their native heath within Ulladh's borders. It. was no other than Malachy M'Mahon and Shamus Beg O'Hagan who had chosen so dreary an hour, and so strange a place for their confabulation. 1 It appeared from what they had been saying that Malachy was in attendance on Bishop Heber, who had come forth by appointment in that silent hour to meet Fr. Peter Walsh, with whom he was then engaged in earnest conversation under the deep arch of a building some way up the street. • ' He told me,' said Malachy,' to walk up and down the street till he'd be ready to come. Between you and me, Shamus, I don't think much of that same friar he has taken up with since we came here. God forgive me for passing an opinion on one of his cloth, but to tell you God's truth, Shamus dear, there's something in that man's eyes, and in the sound of his voice that makes me that I can't warm to him. But that's neither here nor there. They say he's a very pious man and a great scholar all out— at least, the bishop says so, : and what would bring him here now if he wasn't the right stamp P' ' What sort of a stamp, do you think, was that other friar that kidnapped poor old Lorcan Maguire P' Shamus asked this in a tone half serious, half jocular. 'There's one thing, I can say myself about him,, and that is that he has the fairest and the comeliest face I ever saw under a hood. I'm thinking there must have been some eyes red, aye, and hearts sore the'day he was ordained.' ' Do you tell me so, Shamus P' replied Malachy, drawing nearer and speaking in a more confidential tone; ' I never got a sight of him myself, but as sure as I'm here it came into my head that it might be ne'er a monk at all, but just a spirit or something that way that inveigled the old man away on account'of the dealings he had with things of the kind all his life. Eh, Shamus P Lord save us, did you hear anything P' ' Why no, then, did youP' 'Well, upon' my veracity I did, Shamus! It I didn't hear like somebody laughing I'll never trust my ears again;' ' Nonsense, Malachy, you're ever and always imagining things,' said Shamus, slapping him on the shoulder; ' and even if some body did laugh, what of it P I'm sure there's plenty of people hereabouts not in bed yet these stirring times.' . True, true, Shamus!—God bless you, but it's you has .the brave heart—it was i God sent you acrosg -me -the night, sure enough. How did you happen out at allP' 'Oh!.I was just taking a bit of a walk with some boys from our -own place,' said Shamus evasively, ' and as •we turned a corner over .there beyond, I caught sight of you walking up and down like a sentry, so I knew .you'd be all the better plepaed-to, have company whatever you were about, : and Ijust let the. others walk on till I'd come and see what you were at,' ' It was God sent you,' said Malachy with the queer-rttiere's a gnostly olid, buildings Jound here that I don't like at all, at all.'. , . ' You would like the place less an" you knew it better, honest fellow/ said 4 gaily-dressed cavalier advancing from under the shade of the neighbouring doorway. " The Lord save us, sir! What is it you mean P.' cried Malachy with a sudden start* as much at the stranger's abrupt appearance. as the < intimation his. words ; conveyed.. ' fHave a care, .Malachy^' whispered Shamus, f it's < Sir John Netterville, no less!' •!• • * I mean,' said the knight carelessly, 'thatthe.crossof Kilkennyhath.notthe bait names. He were * boldman hrirfe in the who woulg jwep lt .C9m< :. Ah, then, who so, an'.it pleasft you, Sir John P' inquired Shamus, for Malachy was suddenly struck dumb with fear and bewilderment. ' You know me, then P' said the young knight,'turning quickly. \- ' Indeed then I do, honoured sir; there be few amongst us to whom the heir of Netterville is unbeknown, and sure didn't I see you down at Charlembnt not long agoP But if it wouldn't be making too free, would you condescend to • tell us what's amiss with the place about here P' 'Maybe it's a gentle place it is?'* ventured to put in Malachy. . ' Worse than that,' and Netterville shook his head with a most dolefal air. ' Know you that there was a woman burned on this very spot for witchcraft some three hundred years ago P' ' Mother of God!' cried Malachy, ' a woman burned—a witch—on this spot— come, come, come, Shamus !' raising his voice each time till it reached a scream, and clutching him at the same time by the Bhoulder. But Shamus had no mind to go without having his ' curiosity satisfied, and he would not stir ah inch. -' Ah, then, how was it at all, Sir John P or is it in earnest you'd be P' ' •' In sooth it is, Shamus—(you see, I knoit you, too)—there was a witch burned here aB sure as you and I have life in us : —just on that spot where your friend is standing——' ;'Oh, holy St. Malachy!' cried the pan of Uriel, 'I'm done for now!''and with a> spring little to be expected from his sober gait and mature years he reached the steps of a door some yards distant; Even that did not seem it place of security, for looking back, and seeing the old spectral cross still so near, he darted off in the direction of the bishop, nor stopped till he gained his side, puffing and blowing like a whale. The burst of merry laughter which echoed through the silent street behind him sounded on Malachy's startled ear ike the unholy mirth of a company of witches—even Shamus' voice, familiar as it was, gave Malachy no security. In reply to the bishop's anxious inquiry s to what had happened, poor Malachy, as soon as he could speak, related in a faltering voice the cause of his fright. /Mypoor Malachy!' said the bishop with affected commiseration; 'it was truly an unlucky chance which brought you thither.' 'It was all along of your lordship,' said the spoiled favourite, testily; 'had. you and his reverence here been in your beds it isn't wandering about like a ghost Td have been. Oh, wirra! wirra! what came over me at all P As sure as I'm a living man it was on the very spot I stood on she was burned, for I feel ever since a kind of weakness on me and a meagrim in my head that I never had before in all my born days. I'll tell you what it is now, my lord—you must read an office for me the first thing you do to-morrow morning, or I'll never be worth a pin!' 'That is the least I can do, Malachy,' said the bishop with a sly glance at £r. Peter, who found it hard to keep from laughing, ' Bjnce you say it is my fault, and, in sooth, I think Fr. Walsh might do . something that way, too, seeing that he is to blame as well as I for keeping you out of your bed.l '.One is enough,' said Malachy with unusual gruffness; ' I'll not trouble his reverence at this time. But might I make bold to ask will you stand jiere much longer P. Dear knows,'he added, in a half audible voice, ' if you were as wise as you're old, it isn't here you'd be or in such like -company. But, oohone! isn't it like a child he iB with all his learning 1' Malachy's {abrupt appearance put a speedy end to the conversation, whatever might have been its nature, and the friar and the bishop moved quickly away in opposite directions, the latter followed ai close as might be by his faithful attendant. :. . i By the time Sir John .Netterville had &n; joyed the hearty laugh jafEorded him by Malachy's ludicrous terror, that important personage was fully out of hearing, and the knight instantly approached Shamus with an entire change or manner. j'Now that I have frightened away that grave simpleton,' said he,' I would know from yon, Shamus, all that you know yourself concerning the friar who, as yon said a while ago, .kidnapped Lorcan Maguire.' ; ' Lord, sir, I know no more about him than just what I told Malachy,* ShamuB replied, somewhat startled by the sudden vehemence of the other's manner; 'I did but' say that he was young and wellfavoured—and that ip e&l; could, say inasmuoh ; as I never laid eyes on him till yester morn—you needn't look so hard at me, Sir John, for as true as if I waB on my knees to the priest it's the truth I'm telling you.'- * Any . plaoe supposed to -be :freqasDtea 3sr th 'And you never saw that friar till yester morn P—bethink you, Shamus !' 'Never, Sir John, never, as I'm a living man!' 'Hath Sir Phelim any knowledge of him, think you?' * I would you might ask himself that question,' the clansman replied somewhat snarply, for he liked not sttch questioning; 'it would ill become me to speak for my noble master.' 'You. are right, honest fellow,' said Netterville, musingly; 'it were well an' all servitors acted in like manner. Fare you well, and commend me to your master.' ' Before you go, Sir John,' Baid Shamus, timidly, ' maybe you'd be kind and condescending enough to tell me was it in earnest you were about the witch ?'. ' Surely yes, Shamus,' : the knight laughingly replied; 'there be few in Kilkenny town who cannot tell you the story of the Lady Alice Kelter, her two waiting-maids and accomplices, Basilia and. , Petronilla, and her .wkard son William Utlaw, with a certainjmp whom they named Robert Artisson, and who did the bidding of the powerful witch Lady Alice.'* ' Christ in heaven save us!' ejaculated Shamus, and raising his right hand he made with the thumb thereof the sacred sign on his forehead; 'and was it her ithey burnt P' ; 'Not so, Shamus, it was the woman Basilia. The lady's rank saved her, I know not how, and the other waitingmaid managed to escape from the country. It is a strange tale, Shamus, and overlong for me to tell, but ask any of the people hereabouts, and you will hear it all. Hark! the cock proclaimeth midnight. It is a dreary hour and a lonesome place; methinks you and I were better housed than shivering here in the cold moon's ray.' So thought Shamus, too, and as he hurried away in search of 'the boys from his own place,' he muttered— ' There's no luck with their underhand work; that's the truth. Now, there's Bishop M'Mahon and that tricky friar above yonder, Sir John Netterville here, and Sir Phelim and General Preston down there below with their heads together. What it all means I'm sure I can't tell; but there's something in it— that's plain.' * For a curious account of this strange episode in the local history ol Kilkenny, see " Dublin Fenny Journal," Vol. I., p. 71, and Boll's " Ireland, Vol.II. (To he continued.) 