; UNABLE TO SLEEP. There sooins 110 roacou whatever to douht (writes " Feoryhiiigle" in The Weekly Tunes) that tho iloath o£ young Molluish from nu over dose of chlorodyue, was the result of an acci dent. Ho wus in tlio habit of taking chlorodyno to induce sleep, Havo you over known what; foal sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, hut thut con stant insomnia thut is tho worst of nil diseitsus. It is. rather a mental Minn a bodily discusa. It is one of tho Bymptoras of future iiiEiinily, and it is a present lioll. The word slca(ilesancss comes trippingly off tho tongue, but it is a fear ful thing to suffer. Think of what must be tho liight-lif 0 of a 1111111 who cannot sleep, . yot who lias tlio courage . tu refrain from indulging in tlio dnarlv-houglit stupor obtained from drugs. Ho seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court .lumber .uy reading. lie reads pago after page, tint fails to grasp the meaning of the words. Ho turns hack and strives to fix his attention onco moro, but in vain. His brain is ubuormully active, hut it cannot grasp (ho meaning of tho printed sentences. -Ho lays down tho hook, puts out tho light, and resolves to tiro tho brain out. Tliu eigliing of tho wiud around his lioueo becomos endowed with languago; the placid snoring of liis dog upon the doorstop thrills his ncrvoiiB system with n nameless horror, for it accuses hiniof somo forgotten sin, or shapes itsolf into, a prophecy of soma faarl'ut and impending danger. He peoples tho darkness with ghosts of noglnctod opportunities and wasted talonts, ami whon ho closes Ins ayes tightly to shut tticm out, nnd turns his faco down upou tho pillow, they whisper in his ear ho knows not what, save thatlic feels thoy aronecusutions, aud that ha is cursed of hoaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then pcrchuuco ha will doze — it ic not deep — and ho will in droinnii livo tin ago of ghastly terror. Ho will commit murder and ho condemned to death, aud whon tho hangman has tho ropo mound liis neck, lie will sturt up to find himself iu a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. Ho will light liin lump and look at his watch, and will sink back witli aweary moan wlion ho Icarus that it is not yet llvo minutes sinco lie quonchcd tho light. Every ton minute.' through tlio long watelios of tlmt endless night this tcrrililo inontnl tragedy wilt ho repeated, nud tlio horrible conviction will dawn upon him thut this is tho eternal uignt of death, und tlmt tlio morning will never come. Wlion at lust tho day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for ills nerves and brain havli been at such a tension that ho rises sick at heart, And unrcfreshod of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however ; hut tho day is soon over, and the still, horrid, piiantoin-paoiilcd night is to bo faced again. What shall lie do? His resolution is gone. Ho feels that it is tlio miidhouao or tho gravo. Is it any wonder, thon that ho should fly to drugs? Thoy give him nt least forgolfuliiess. Thoy sliiitoutthoterriblesightfliind elosoliiseara to tlio ghostly whisperings, Thoy do not givo him refreshing slumber, hut thoy givo him tlio sweet oblivion of deatli until tho morn. There nro good peoplo, peoplo who can sleep like a tup. who aro loml iu their denunciations of thoso who lly to opiates to iwluco sleep. "They jeat nt scars that nover felt a wound. " P.ivno wrote " Homo, Sweet Homo, " to holp to lifl up an onora ho was preparing, anil at first it hail fou'r stanzas. Tho uutlior never received anything for it, hut though tlio opera was a failure when played in Covent (iiirdon Theatre, tlio song took, uiul ovor 100,0(10 copies woro sold tho (lint year. In two years tho pub lishers cleared ovor .0'..', 000 by tho publication, and tho variations, transcriptions, ami imitutious havo been innumerable. -Tho melody is bo- liovcil to be a Hieiliau uir, and Donizetti hint a variation of it in his opera " Anna Bolonu." Oint Guild.— An American pupor says: — "Till, Australian L'irl is tall and Blender. Sho lacks somewhat in complexion, but generally slio is pretty. Tho Victorian girl is decidedly good looking. Tlio New '/ndand girl lias a far better complexion 1hun tho Auetratian girl, and is fresher end moro healthy, perhaps, fnr <hu climate is mildor. . Slio ressmblcs tlio English girl much moro than she does tho Australian, and her development keeps paco with tlio former. Ta.ununia.is said to hp the home of jicuuiy, and it .certainly socma to liavo raoro tbati'-itfi share ot fair ntuuleu'f, not at all uncommon for tlio Hoibourmon til tun ucross to tho littlo inland i or the purposo of a well- earned holiday, aud ' picking up ' a wife." 