WORK : The Great thoughts of a Great Man. A FEW EXTRACTS PROM RUSKIN'S ESSAY ON WORK IN < THE CHOWN OF WlLD OLIVE.' As to the distribution of hard work. None of us, or very few of us, do either bard or soft work because we think we ought ; but because we have chanced to fall into the way of it, and cannot help ourselves. Now, nobody does anything well that they cannot help doing : work is only done well when it is done with a will ; and no man has a thoroughly sound will unless he knows he is doing what he should, and is in his place. And, depend upon it, all work must be done at last, not in a disorderly, scrambling doggish way, but in an ordered, soldierly, human way a lawful way. Men are enlisted for the labour that kills- the labour of war : they are counted, trained, fed, dressed, and praised for that. Let them be enlisted also for the- labour that feeds :i let them be counted, trained, fed, dressed, and praised for that. Teach the plough exercise as carefully as you do the sword exercise, and let the officers of troops of life be held as much gentlemen as the officers of troops of death ; and all is done : but neither this, nor any other right thing, can be accom- plished-you can't even see your way to it-unless, first of all, both servant and master are resolved that, come what will of it, they will do each other justice. People are perpetually squabbling about what will be best to do, or easiest to do, or advisablest to do, or profitablest to do ; but they never, so far as I hear them talk, ever ask what it is just to do. And it is the law of heaven that you shall not be able to judge what is wise or easy, unless you are first resolved to judge what is just, and to do it. That is the one thing constantly reiterated by our Master-the order of all others that is given oftenest 'Do justice and judgment.' That's your Bible order; that's the 4 Service of God,' not praying nor psalm-singing. You are told, indeed, to sing psalms when you are merry, and to pray when you need any- thing ; and, by the perversion ot the Evil Spirit, we get to think that praying and psalm-singing are * service.' If a child finds itself in want of anything, it runs in and asks its father for it-does.it call that doing its father a service ? If it begs* for a toy or a piece of cake-does it call that serving its father ? That, with God, is prayer, and He likes to hear it : He likes you to ask Him for cake when you want it ; but He doesn't call that 1 serving Him.' Begging is not serving : God likes mere beggars as little as you do-He likes honest servants, not beggars. So when a child loves its father very much, and is very happy, it may sing little songs about him; but it doesn't call that serving its father ; neither is singing songs about God, serving God. It is enjoying ourselves, if it's anything ; most probably it is nothing : but if it's anything, it is serving ourselves, not God. And yet we are impudent enough to call our beggings and chauntings .'Divine Service:' we say ' Divine service will be "performed"' (that's our word the form of it gone through) / at eleven o'clock.' Alas!-unless we perform Divine service in every willing act of life, we never perform it at all. The one Divine work-the one ordered sacrifice-is to do justice; and it is the last we are evei inclined to do. Anything rather than that ! As much charity as you choose, but nc justice. ' Nay,' you will say, ' charity ie greater than justice.' Yes, it is greater : it ia the summit of justice-it is the temple ot which justice is the foundation. Bul you can't have the top without the bottom : you cannot build upon charity. You musí build upon justice, for this main reason tliat you. have not, at first, charity to build with. It is the last reward of good work, Do justice to your brother (you cando that Whether you love him or not), and you wil come to love him. But do injustice tt him, because you don't love him ; and yoi; will come to hate him. lt is ail very fin* to think you can build upon charity tc . begin with ; but you will find all you hav< got to begin with, begins at home, and i¡ essentially love of yourself. You well-to . df> people, for instance, who are here to night, will go to ' Divine service ' nex Sunday, all nice and tidy, and your littli children will have their tight little Sunday hoots on, and lovely little Sunday feather* in their hats ; and you'll think, compla cently and piously, how lovely they look ! So they do : and you love them heartily, and you like sticking feathers in their hats. That's all right : that is charity ; but it is charity beginning at home. Then you will come to the poor little crossing-sweeper, got np also,-it, ÍD its Sunday dress,- the dirtiest rags it has,-that it may beg the better : we shall give it a penny, and think how good we are. That's charity going abroad. But what does Justice say, walk- ing and watching near us ? Christian Justice has been strangely mute, and seemingly blind ; and, if not blind, decrepit, this many a day : she keeps her accounts still, however-quite steadily-doing them at nights, carefully, with her bandage off, and through acutest spectacles. . . . You must put your ear down ever so close to her lips to hear her speak ; and then you will start at what she *tirst whispers, for it will certainly be, 4 Why shouldn't that little' crossing-sweeper have a feather on its head, as well as your own child ? ' Then you may ask Justice,in an amazed manner, 'How she can possibly be so foolish as to think children could sweep crossings with feathers on their heads ? ' Then you stoop again, and Justice says-still in her dull, stupid way-' Then, why don't you, every other Sunday, leave your child to sweep the crossing, and take the little sweeper to church in a hat and feather ?' Mercy on us (you think), what will she say next ? And you answer, of course, that ' you don't because everybody ought to remain content in the position in which Providence has placed them.' Ah, my friends, that's the gist of the whole question. Did Providence put them in that position, or did you ? You knock a man into a ditch, and then you tell him to remain content iu the ' position in which Providence has placed him.' That's modern Christianity. You say .' We did not knock him into the ditch.' How do you know what you have done, or are doing? That's just what we have.all got to know, and what we shall never know, until the question with us, every morning, is, not how to do the gainful thing, but how to do the just thing ; nor until we are at least so far on the way to being Christian, as to have understood that maxim of the poor half-way Mahometan, 'One hour in the execution of justice is worth seventy years of prayer.' Supposing, then, we have it determined with appropriate justice, who is to do the hand work, the next questions must be how thei handworkers are to be; paid, and how they are to be refreshed, and what play they are to have. : Now» the possible, quantity of play depends on the possible quantity of pay j and the quantity of pay is not; a matter for consideration to hand- workers only, but to all workers. Gener- ally, good, useful work, whether of the hand or head, is either ill-paid or not paid at all. I don't say it should be so, but. it always is so. People, as a rule, only pay for being amused or being cheated, not for being. served. Five thousand a year to your talker, and a. shilling a day to your fighter, digger, and thinker, is the rule. None of the best head work in art, literature, or science, is , ever paid for. How much do you think Homer got for his Iliad ? or Dante for his Paradise ? only bitter bread and salt, and going up and down other people's stairs. In science, the man who discovered the telescope, and first saw heaven, was paid with a dungeon ; the man who invented the microscope, and first saw earth, died of starvation, driven from his home : it is indeed very clear that God means all thoroughly good work and ' talk to be done for nothing. Baruch, the scribe, did not get a penny a line for writing Jeremiah's second roll for him, I fancy; and St. Stephen did noe get bishop's pay for that long sermon of his to the Pharisees ; nothing but stones. For indeed that is the world-father's proper payment. So surely as any of the world's children work for the world's good, honestly, with head and heart ; and come to it, saying, ' Give us a little bread just to keep the life in us,' the world-father answers them, 4 No, my children, not bread;, a stone, if you like, or as many as you need, to keep you quiet.' But the hand-workers are -not so ill off as all this comes to. The worst that can happen to you is to break stones; not be broken by them. And for you there will come a time for better payment ; some day, assuredly, more pence will be paid to Peter; the Fisherman, and fewer to Peter the Pope ; we shall pay people not quite so much for talking in Parliament and doing nothing, as for hold- ing their tongues out of it and doing some- thing ; we shall pay our ploughman a little more, and our lawyer a little less, and so on : but, at least, we may even now take care that whatever work is done shall be fully paid for ; and the man who does it paid for it, not somebody else ; and that it shall be done in an orderly, soldierly, well. guided, wholesome way, under good cap- tains, and. lieutenants of labour ; and that it shall have its appointed times of rest, and enough of them ; and that in those times the play shall be wholesome play. . . We may take care that working men shall have at least as good books to read as anybody else, when they've time to read them ; and as comfortable firesides to sit at as an37body else, when they've time to sit at them. This, I think, can be managed for you, my working friends, in the good time. IV. I must go on, however, to our last head, concerning ourselves all, as workers. What is wisè work, and what is foolish work ? What the difference between sense and nonsense, in daily occupation ? Well, wise work is briefly, work with God. Foolish work is work against God. And work done with God, which He will help, may be briefly described as ' Putting in Order';-that is, enforcing God's law of order, spiritual and material, over men and things. The first thing you have to do, essentially ; the real ' good work ' is, with respect to men, to enforce justice, and with respect to things, to enforce tidiness, and fruitfulness. And against these two great human deeds, justice and order, there are perpetually two great demons contending, the devil of iniquity, or inequity, and thé devil of disorder, or of death ; for death is only 'consummation bf disorder. You have to fight these two fiends daily. So far as you don't fight against the fiend of iniquity, you work for him. You ' work iniquity,' and the judgment upon you, for ali your ' Lord, Lords,' will be ' Depart from me, ye that work iniquity.' And so far as you do not resist the fiend of dis- order,, you work disorder, and you yourself do the work of Death, which is pin, and has for, its wages, Death himself. Observe then, all wise work is mainly threefold in character. It is honest, useful, and- cheerful. I. It is HONEST. I hardly know anything more, strange than that you recognise honesty in play, and you do not in-work. In, your lightest games, you have always someone to see what you call ' fair-play.' In boxing, you must hit fair ; in racing, start fair. Your English watchword is fair-play, your English hatred, foul-play. Did it ever strike you that you wanted another watchword also, fair-work, and another hatred also, foul-work ? Your prize- fighter has some honour in him yet ; and so have the men in the ring round him ; they will judge him to lose the match, by foul hitting. But your prize .merchant gains his match by foul selling, and no one cries out against that. You drive a gambler out of the gambling-room who loads dice, but you leave a tradesman in flourishing business, who loads scales ! For observe, all dishonest dealing is load- ing scales. . What does it matter whether I get short weight, adulterate substance, or dishonest fabric ? The fault in the fabric is incomparably the worst of the two. Give me short measure of food, and I only lose by you ; but give me adulterate food, and I die by you. Here, then, is your chief duty, you workmen and trades- men,-to be true to yourselves, and to us who would help you. We can do nothing !for . you, nor you for yourselves, without honesty. Get that, you get all; without that, your suffrages, your reforms, your free- trade measures, your institutions of science, are all in vain. It is useless to put your heads together, if you can't put your hearts together. Shoulder to shoulder, right hand to right hand, among your- selves, and no wrong hand to anybody else, and you'll win the world yet. II. Then, secondly, wise work is USEFUL. No man minds, or ought to mind, its being hard, if only it comes to something ; but when it in hard,and comes to nothing; when all our bees' business turns to spiders1 ; and for honey-comb we have only resultant cobweb, blown away by the next breeze, that is the cruel thing. to the worker. Yet do we ever ask ourselves, personally, or even nationally, whether our work is coming t.> anything or not? We don't care to keep what has been nobly done, still less do we care to do nobly what others would keep ; and, least oí all, to mak;e the work itself useful instead of deadly to the doer, so as to use his life in- deed, hut not to waste it. Of all wastes the greatest waste that you can commit is ; the waste of labour. If you went down in the morning into your dairyland you found that your youngest child had got down before you ; and that he and the cat were at play together, and that he had poured out all the cream on the floor for the cat to lap up, you would scold the child, and be sorry the milk was wasted. But if, instead of wooden bowls with milk in them, there are golden bowls with human life in them, and instead of the cat to play with,--the devil to play with ; and you yourself the player; and instead of leaving that golden bowl to be broken by God at the fountain, you break it in the dust yourself, and pour the human blood out on the ground for the . fiend to lick up-:that is no waste ? What ! you perhaps think, i" to waste the labour of men is not to kill them.' Is it not? I should like to know how you could kill them more utterly-kill them with second deaths, seventh deaths,hundredfold deaths? It is the slightest way of killing to stop a man's breath. Nay, the hunger, and the cold, and the little whistling bullets-our love messengers between nation and nation -have brought pleasant méssages from us to many a man before now ; orders of sweet release, and leave at last'to go where he will be most welcome and most happy. At the worst you do but shorten his life, you do not corrupt his life. But if you put him to base labour, if you bind his thoughts, if you blind his eyes, if you blunt his hopes, if you steal his joys, if you stunt his body, and blast his soul, and at last leave him not so much as to reap the poor fruit of his degradation, but gather that for yourself, and dismiss him to the grave when, you have done with him, having, so far as in you lay, made the walls of that grave ever- lasting : (though, indeed, I fancy the goodly bricks of some of our family vaults will hold closer in the resurrection day than the sod over the labourer's head), this you think is ho waste, and no sin ! III. Then, lastly, wise work is CHEER- FUL, as a child's work is. And now I want you to take one thought home with you, and let it stay with you. Everybody in this room has been taught to pray daily, ' Thy kingdom come,' Now, if we hear a man swear in the streets, we think it very wrong, and say he * takes God's name in vain.' But there's a twenty times worse way of taking His name in vain, than that. It is to ask God for tohat we don't want. He doesn't like that sort of prayer. If you don't want a thing, don't ask for it : such asking is the worst mockery of your king you can mock Him with j the soldiers striking Him on the head with the reed was nothing to that. If you do not wish for His kingdom don't pray for it. But if you do j you must do more than pray for it ; you must work for it. And, to work for it, you must know what it is ; we have all prayed for it many a day without thinking. Observe, it is a kingdom that is to come to us ; we are not to go to it. Also, it is not to be a kingdom of the dead, but of the living. Also, it is not to come all at once, but quietly: nobody knows how. ' The kingdom of God cometh not with observation.' Also, it is not to come out- side of us, but in the hearts of us : ' ' The kingdom of God is within you.' And, being within us, it is not a thing tobe seen, but to be felt ; and though it brings all substance of good with it, it does not con- sist in that: 'the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost : ' joy, that is to say, in the holy, healthful, and helpful Spirit. Now, if we want to work for this kingdom; and to bring it, and enter into it, there's just one condition to be first ac- cepted. You must enter it as children, or not at all : ' Whosoever will not receive it as a little child shall not enter therein.' And again, ' Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom bf heaven.' Of stich, observe. Not of children them- selves, but of such as children. I believe most mothers who read that text think that alT heaven is to be ful! of babies. But that's not so. There will be children there, but the .hoary head is the crown. ' Length of days, and long life and peace,' that is the blessing, not to die in baby- hood. Children die but for their parents' sins 5 God means them to live, but He can't let them always ; then they have their earlier peace in heaven : and the little child of David, vainly prayed for ; the little child of Jeroboam, killed by its mother's step on its own threshold,-they will be there. But weary old David, and weary old Barzillai, having learned chil- dren's lessons at last, will be there too : and the one question for us all, young or old, is, have we learned our child's lesson ? it is the character of children we want, and must gain at our peril ; let us see, briefly, in what it consists. The first character of right childhood is that it is Modest. A well-bred child does not think it can teach its parents, or that it knows everything. It may think its father and mother know everything,-. perhaps that all grown-up people know everything ; very certainly it is sure that it does not. And it is always asking ques- tions^ and wanting to know more. Well, that is the first character of a good and wise man at his work. To know that he knows very little ;-to perceive that there are many above him wiser tban he ; and tb be always asking questions, wanting to learn, not to teach. No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern ; it is an old saying (Plato's, but I know not if his, first), and as wise as old. Then, the second character of right child- hood is to be Faithful. Perceiving that its father knows best what is good for it, and having found always, when it bas tried its own way against his, that he was right {ind it was wrong, a noble child trusts him at last wholly, gives him its hand, and will walk blindfold with him if he bids it. And that is the true character of all good men also, as obedient workers, or soldiers under captains. They must trust their captains ; they . are bound for their lives to choose none but those whom they can trust.' Then, they are not always to.be thinking that VJ hat seems strange to them, or wrong in what they are desired to do, zs strange or wrong. They know their captain: where he leads they must follow, what he bids they must do ; and without this trnst and faith, without this captainship and 'sol- diership, no great deed, no great salva- tion, is possible to man. Among all the nations it is only when this faith is attained by them that they become great : the Jew; the Greek, and the Mahometan, agree at least in testifying to this, lt was a deed of this absolute trust which made Abraham the father of the faithful ; . it was the declaration of the power of God as captain > over all men, and the acceptance of a leader appointed by Him as commander of the faithful, which laid the foundation of whatever national power yet exists in the East ; and the deed of the Greeks, which has become the type of unselfish and noble soldiership to all lands, and to all times, was commemorated, on the tomb of those who gave their lives to do it, in the most pathetic, so far as I know, or can feel, of all human utterances : ' Oh, stranger, go and tell our people that we are lying here, having obeyed their words.' Then, the third character of right child- hood is to be Loving and Generous. Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back. It loves eveiything near it, when it is a right kind of child-would hurt nothing, would give the best it has away, always, if you need it-does not lay plans for getting everything in the house for itself, and delights in helping people ; you cannot please it so much as by giving it a chance of being useful, in ever so little a way. . . And because of all these characters, lastly, it is Cheerful. Putting its trust in its father, it is careful for nothing-being full of love to every creature, it is happy always, whether in its play or its duty. Well, that's the great worker's character also. Taking no thought for the mor- row ; taking thought only for the duty of the day ; trusting somebody else to take care of to- morrow : knowing indeed what labour is, but not what sorrow is; and always ready for play-beautiful play,-; for lovely human play is like the play of the Sun. There's a worker for you. He, steady to his time, is set as a strong man to run his course, but also, he rejoiceth as a strong man to run his course. See how he plays in the morning, with the mists below, and the clouds above, with a ray here and a flash there, and a shower of jewels everywhere ;-that's the Sun's play; and ? great human play- is like his-all various-all full of light and life, and tender, as the dew of morning. . So then, you have the child's character in these four things-Humility, Faith, Charity, and Cheerfulness. That's what you have got to be converted to. ' Except ye be converted and become as little chil- dren '-You hear much of conversion now a-days ; but people always seem to think they have got to be made wretched bj conversion,--to be converted to long faces No, friends, you have got to be convertec to short ones ; you have to repent inte childhood, to repent into delight, and de lightsomeness. You can't go into a con- venticle but you'll hear plenty 0f talk o: backsliding. Backsliding, indeed ! I cai tell you, oh the ways most of us go the faster we slide- back the better Slide back into the cradle, if going oi is into : the grave-back, I tell you back- out of your long faces, and int your long clothes. It is among childrei only, and as children only, that yoi will find medicine for your healing am true wisdom for your teaching. There i poison in the councils of the men of tm" world ; the words they speak are all bitter ness, * the poison of asps is under thei lips,' but * the sucking child shall play b; the hole of the asp.'' There is death in th looks of men. * Their eyes are privily se against the poor;' they are as the un charmable serpent, the cockatrice, whicl slew by seeing. ... There is death in th thoughts of men : the world is one wid riddle to them, darker and darker as i draws to a close ; but the secret of it j known to the child, and the Lord of heave and earth is most to be thanked in thc ' He has hidden these things from the wis and prudent, and has revealed them uni babes.' 