"Iftoyclist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; VII, Iijuly C'Uctwyml's Spectre. CHAl'XEli XIX. Till: I'LOTTUUri ALL. IlllSV. 1 Bγ Mia. Uai:i:ikt Li:\via. "II.-, nil u[)for tu-niyljt," lln-ito muttorcil in-licr ilimloo toiiKUu. "1 umsl l>i<lu my tiiuf, and whtcli n',y olinnre. It will come ?„,.. iflamralv. The i>.il.:-I?>:cd vouim , ; ;il with her baby-face shall not crowd out my young mistress lrom her rightful position r.s La.lv of Uhctwynd. I will destroy her a.i ! would nu insect." Sl.e sh.u.l; her hand in fierce menacing at tiuobj.-el. I'her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her onu Hafety, ami not wishing l.i risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, si. -.hrlv.l duwu th.i outside staiicaMV. and was n?.iyiu the shadow of the trees almost with lii:i..pidily of thought. ibe cuncoalcd boiself in a, secure position at a litlie distance, at a point, commanding a view of the door of the chalet. Ueresrano was immediately discovered, sal Mi.ukHaul: l: Yon are Hale now with mc, llernice. Xii- Kl-j liaa hurried home, I am positive. She would not dale risk v meeting with we. You are. pale and worn out. Lot mc take you faun this place us soon us possible. Flack .has been slaying in the neighborhood biricc mv the news of your departuro fiv.iu Mawr C'asUo.uml I found him in the .- ie/o of the park ns I wi-.iiL hack to the house. I h.-uthim to CheLwynd-by yea for a carriage aud he will drive you over to Kaslbouino directly. Hu ia to be iv wailing at the lower gate of the park, nearest Ihe village. Heruare yuur clothes, it would be well'to lay aside thoso wet garments as bouu us po.isih'c. Derniee assented, aiiil Monk went outside t!.>." chalet ami closed the door. Young Lady Crctwynd secured it on its inner Hide, again barricaded thedoor nt Ihu foot of the stair, aud changed, her wet garments for dry ones as rapidly as the swollen nud l>-i"iful stat-j of her sprained wrist would allow. . . ~' -.:-... She was soon warmly clothed. She rolled up her damp. gaiineiiH and packed them into her travelling-bag. Her white ?ilk inhc, which had bu ably nerved in her . zz , a.' : -i;p&erri-;, :'wni. quite dry. She examined it carefully. 1t... bud been gathered up about her waist when she bad fallen into the lake nud was not lorn nur damaged. She rolled up'the robb and thrtul it inlu her tiavelling-hng.- She wasnttircd in her hroiiM gray csulimcru robe and jacket, and it only now remained to put on her hnt. While she .was thus completing tl.clr attire, Monk came in, put. out the remaining Ore; scattering the embers on tho hearth, n'nil extinguished tho light of the lantern, which ho restored to the closet from which he liv.'l withdrawn it. Then he arranged, the furul twe which Beruice had piled up in thn form of a barricade, in its usual order, and c.lu tlucted young Lady.'Clietyyynd oiitof'the Ti.ty hailed outside while-lie.: locked tbo do,ir, nn.l liernicc. then placed her arm' In lus, ?iv! they moved oil among lhe shadow*), keeping o vicilunt and Vppi- elii.iislvo kirk out around them. -They, wound nloiig.'-lli<* irirrow.aiu! dusky palhs, avoiding-the wider. , muiuhght avenues, and once err twice thc-v ._-li.-iitcd_.at eomo ruatio scat,, that i Uernice raicht rest', iiut.at I ..._s .lower end _ or .-? .'tll'aTjiar'fc." ! small gate l o Adiu_> but uno'u the''b'u'eii higb- I -Way. ? .''...' . :- .V. :.-.--..-;. - ... *??.;,?.- ?. : " 1 always carry a key, to' this gate," 'said M'.nk, producing lira key in.'iV.'icstion from bis pocket. " I ? gimerlilly cross the park ! "hen I go In lh.->jlhu-e. ~Here ? wo aro, nud i tho fly is w.iitir."-.."- -- ;:': --'-?- ?- ? . ? ? Hack was on the box,; whip iv hand; He ?X ? Uai t0 MB young lady and to his Monk assisted Keinicii iritVi the yehinle. .?? l.esilated about niaiomtianying her la' E?sib<m tu ...,.]i<,- feaied l.st ho i-houl.l be rau-cd from the Pari.-, ami he had another ???sl:t.i<:o<.n-tliia 7ih-ht-n task which lie nr?a-_.=.l, bat deemed ueccsaarvtothe success ?'."? P'-" ls ' nn <' "en to bis own well . otiu;'. llutlnjOnre.l not run any risk of "?'?_'.: 11-.mice ngain. To ploco her sar. fv m i.; U han,.,,,! Mrs.Orowt was the. fir-l and Jl.-sl important" liiuveKHnt to he made. M.onh,s tafu-cuslody of liernicn all hi* j |il?n? lunged, fl-, decided, therefore, lo BCH.iiM.any her l„ K-ilboorne. 'To M, 3 . (.. 6<f -.._ 1.-1.V..1.,.. i„, Ju ' l:i " '" ;V v " k;,! w 'tb a pivicng glance around l.lm. ?? And i, O Uv.-iv. We've \- nkmg dnve before u?, nml I have other ... "-?iiw ou-hand lo.nlght."' ; U? sprang llehily ii,t„ _.„. Vl [,;,..,. „.,... ?"Thl., 1 !" 1 '! '\' ,t , y '-'- "'" " f Ki '-''?- ?l'.-n the j, ',""1, dasLy, v.-ileh-liko f.„;,. „f the old ; ?.:.,-m"' ,7"", : '," "'" l' r '' h --'' Ihe, U^.j?"' 1 i;l,t;cfc '- 1 "" ,: '-;" ; bilenlfy mul l m',','M, Sl, '^ fT, ''"' vl,N ''' A-"?"?.','"l-:<\--? !t,. 1 1.^.n,.,;""' '" morrow. And he ' ??' ''I Her liu>"n. ea ~,, 1.„.. . , .- i.i i,n . V raisin.....". . . . ha-.1-i to-ln ;>it ! What ; "" f ">"."s? I "ml thn*.-|. ( . U d, -r than I 3 1.01r<,ii1,1„.ii..'.."". v ' i "' ''? Mis " , - V w '"' ' ' fium. „,?;?'."'" : " J -" ; t:t: all ulyht. Hhe 5 *"-.-? mc. AU-.U.. I'll walM-o witch liiw. lie II 1..-. bar!, at this _i.t?s by twuu cluck and I'll be lure, too." Meanwhile the antiquated lly nnd it:i oe cupanta were proceeding swiftly along the n.ad to Cbetwynd-bySca. They entered Melbourne nfter a brisk drive, and Flack drove into the retired street in which Mrs. Crowl had taken ludgiugs. The lly presently halted beforo the duor of v three-storied iriek hou?e, one of a row of uiruilar " This is the place," said Monk, opening the door of tho carriage and springing He assisted tlernice to alight. He helped her up the steps mil into tho house. Mrs. Cruwl received thu young iuarehi.<nes? kindly nnd respectfully, and with a warmlh that was very gralefuftu the girl. The .ela tion* between the two bud v.-cii from the iiist un mUtreen and servant, and Men. UruT.l had played her part so well as never to ex cite the girl's suspicions. Mr.'. Crowl lend the wav up stairs, B-rnice and Monk following. The woman uidiered tht-rn int.) a pleasant litllu parlor, where lights nut n lire where burning, and drew up un easy-chair before the health, lleinioe sank into the chnir, tiled and \i:rj pal". JliM On-va h.i.s Nprnitied her wrist," said Monk. "Ynu will know how to treat the ailment, Mr*. Cronl, without calling in a j?li3'tiiciau. To-morrow evening Miss Clwvn will be able to start fur Mawr Castle, and you wiil take the express for Loudon. Yi.u will stop nt a quiet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey the next day. I will be in Loudon also 10-murniw owning—going up on the sume train With you, in fa.:t, tn make nil mire. We will mei'L at the station. Aud now good niglil." Ho bent over Heruicu and kiHscil her. Then he took hi? leave, and hurried down to the '.vailing carriage aud set out on his re turn. When the fly arrived upon the hill over toiling the village of Cholwynd-by- Sea, Monk i-aHcil tn the tlliver lo stop. The order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, nud exclaimed: " Yon can drive on, Flack, and return the lly lo the inn. I'll walk borne, and stretch my legs utter this long drive. You need not eoiiie to tint Park to- morrow. Pay your bill at the inn in tbe morniug, and go to East bourne. You are to take charge of Miss Uwyn and Mrs. Crowl, and have them at the station to-moriotv night. I shall go up to London by the tame train." He dismissed his confederate by a wave of tbe hand, and thu vehicle passed un in the distance. Monk walked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely churchyard among the graves, whose tall white headstones eorecne.il hiul from the possible view of any watcher, ulthough the moonlight was still brilliant. Ho crept inio the little shaded atone porch, and let himseiriiitothcchurch. It wns theu about two o'clock in tbc morning. It was past four, and thu gray dawn wna breaking, wheu he emerged from the church, wearied mid worn aud pale. Monk went on through the village and as cended the lull beyond. At the lower gate of the Park ho halted and let himself in, aud hurried along the more obacure paths toward the house. The old Hindoo woruun had watched nnd waited for him all these bourn. She saw him enter the park, and one glance at bim ns hured her that hia " other buaiuesa " had been accomplished. Shu arose from her crouching position aud followed him stealthily homeward. "I've made n failure of it, after nil," the old woman muttered. " His business lay in the village. It concerned my lady in some way. lint what waa it I I'd like to know- Gilbert Monk's schemes, but they all hinge ou that girl. He menua to preserve her lifo : I mean to destroy it. Which will win/" The kitchen-maids were astir, and old Uagec, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no tlitliuulty in slipping into the house unseen, ut the servants' entrance. She glided up to the apartments of her mistress, whom she found sleeping. She passed ou lo her own loom and changed her garments, r.t.d llui.g herself on ber bed, drooping asleep. It was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned hir. She was a light sleeper, awakening nt a sound or touch, and now started up broad awake upon thu instant. Sho folded her turban ufrr.sb, and hastened to the bed-chamber of her mid til SS, Miss Monk wna In bed, her head lying back um:n her pillows, a frelful expres sion on' her swarthy fuco. She wna an noyed and curious, and the ixe'aimcd petu lantly : "Wiiv did yon not sleep in my room Inst night'nu usual, 11.-it,-cc? Why where you not here lo undress mo V I kept awake till near morning from sheer tenor. 1 cannot be alone, nud you know it." liagvo at once told her mistress the story i.r her adventures during the night, Misa Monk listened iv breathless eager ne?.s. " Gilbert ia the head and front of thia ap parition business," .paid Sylvia at length. "And yet why should he wish to ruin mc ? Ho reaeued her fiom her tomb. It's all plain to nie-now. Aud be baa Borne object in defending hsT. Ili.t what can it be ? Ho did not love her." i "I csii ace into tho myntery," said the old Hindoo womnti, her duaky face lighting. '? Tim truth ia he haa discovered who bbu ia. You know, Missy, ahe did not know her parentage. , Oilbort has found out the secret. Shu la of noble blood ; una can tell thnt by .bur haughty air, her patrician beauty, her high breeding. She looks like a princes.*, at the least. I can'ace Gilbert's game. now. He menus to allow you to marry my lord, nnd ha will then restore my lady tn her own friends, arid relntlves, aud feather his own nest." "IJut what would" then become of mc? I should be. no wife. I Bhould bo act adrift—" "Yea, Missy. But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not permit thinea to go bo far. l'er tittim he will not allow you to marry my lufd Gilheit is a selfish fellow and means to look out lor himself, and he won't c.tre what becomes oT you. I think he brought my lady here to piny ghost. I think he means to exact n, food price from my lord mid from I.aly Chctywud's relatives', and then restore her to them as one from the tleiil." . Mil* Monk looked terrified. "What .shall wo do?" she whispered. "What snail we.do, ltigee ?" ?' L.-aye it- all to mc. We mint not suiTer Gilb.'lt losi.spict how much wo know of b s plnns. I will outwit him and destroy the girl. Leave it to mc, I say. My lady is nt ? Mn. Crowd's lodgings,' at K.isthourne. You must iiciid mc to Kastboiirnc to-day, Misjv, to match some of your embroideriia or trimmings, or something." " I'.ut he will not keep bernt Eastbourne, where she ia 1-notvii. lie. will take her f.j London, nud conceal her there until be is ready to disclose the fact that she lives." ll,en I'll co to London, t0..," said the Hindoo, with n res,.lulu gleam in l.e-ey. s "I'll he more that it match for Ml;s Monk put "side her chocolate, -.-.:? in- a drr.'.;;'!'- of .-:ror.;;er drink t.\ '?'s'le-i-iy ber nervca." Then sho allowed herself" to be diessed in lier luxuriant Tislern stvl", ami nt nine o clock was ready for 'breukfr.it. She bade Itagee await h. r ret urn to her chamber, nnd jp.?e.-nded to the breaki.-ut room. l.o'nl Chctwvml wna already there, and Gilbert Monk' followed her Immediately, lookill' somewhat haggard and wenned. Miss very nmusiug, with n forced gaiety, but. ClicihyuU ???? Uu usually silent nud abstracted. ?? Auvtbiiii; I can d? fur you 111 town, .Sylvia i"' inquired Monk, carelessly, ua be iceeived lib second cup of coffcu at the hands ot the waiter. " Have ynu any commands for jeweller, dressn?aker, boot maker or milliner ? I shall b.l pleased to execute any wish you may entertain. lam going up to London to-night." " Ah, indeed I" said Miss Moult. "If you will look in at Howell Si Jumes's, and inquire when my opal bracelet will be finished, I shall be obliged. glint* )ou be gone long V" " A day or so—possibly .? week. Hectsby A Newman expert mc, and buaiuefis is busi ness, you know." 11l the eailv evining. immediately after dinner, Uilbert Monk iiove ort:r to Kant buiiiu?, nni: to the slaii.m. lie airived ut Hie la.t inornerit, nud %vns ushered into 11 ijisl class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom one was Lady Oiiet wyml nnd the other Mis. Crowl. The train had be?un to move, wl en the door of the sccond-clnhs conip.artiin--.it ad joining was liurrio ilv opened by the guard, nud n bent old woman, with a painted white face, Kmy hair, n. frilled cap, nnd v huge suuttlu bonnet, wns pushed in, xad tbe door hastily chut upon her. 1 hit aid woman was Hague, thu Hindoo I And thus, environed by her enemies, young Lady Chetwynd journeyed up to London. CHAPTISK XX. IN A 61A-..i OT UNCEIITAINTY. Ou arriving at the Loudon Bridge tetrjt/.. nus, (.Libert Monk alighted from the lirJ.' class coach ho had occupied with young Lady Uhetwynd and Mrs. Crowl ou the jour ney up from Eastbourne, and raising his hat to them as to utter strangere, be crossed tbe platform and culeied a Hansom cab, bidding the driver convey him to Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Pluck appeared from a second-class coach item- at baud, nnd escorted Lady Chetwynd and Mrs. Crowl ton four-wheeled cab, as flisted them into tbc vehicle, mounted the box with the driver, and gave tho Bamo order Monk had given—Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Au old bent woman—tho Hindoo ayuh cleverly disguised—bail nppeared from the bccoud-cloaa cariiage adjoining the compart ment occupied by Lady Chetwynd, and heard the ovdcis of Monk and Plack, and now en tered a cab and gave precisely tho same order they had given—Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly. In the course of an hour thereafter the three several parties were comfortably quartered in the quiet family hotel they had designated. The hour was Inte, and Gilbert Monk did not see Bcrnico again that evening. The Hindoo woman regis tered n falso name, and ascertained that Lady Chetwynd wns registered a3 Miss Ow>n nf Carnarvon. Thin discovery afforded the aynh food for thought and speculation throughout the re mainder of that night. Tho next morning, after eating a solitary breakfast in the coffee-room of the hotel, Gilbert Monk oidered it cub, and went up to Lady Chelwjii.i'B private parlor. He found her lying upon a couch near the window, with her hair unronliried, her fare pule, and wealing an expression of physical building. Her whito brows were contracted in [lain, and ehe was manifestly unable to travel. Monk gave a start of dismay. ? "What ia to be done?'' he asked, in n tone of perplexity. "Shall I send for it physician V" " Bhe needs a day of rest, Willi warmth and stimulating food," said Mrs. Crowl. ?? I can treat her ns well as a phtsician could, Mr. .Monk. I'll have her ready to start for Wales in a day or two." Monk reluctantly went out. nnd dismissed his cab, and nnnouneed at the oilice ..f the hotel that he bhould prolong his stay a day or two fuither. He, then returned to Lady Chetwiud's parlor with a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon making the best of a bud BilUUtil.ll. He found Mis. Crowl concocting nn egg nog for the benefit of her patient. Berniec drunk the preparation meekly, and presently dropped nsleep. Mrs. Crowl pushed an arm-chair to the lirarlb, in convenient proximity to the chair occupied by Monk, and seated her self, her glnncts fixed upon the beautiful '? How lovely she is 1" the woman tvlifs pered. " Shu is liuperbly, radiantly beauti ful. And ahe is so frank, so holiest, so gentle, so unsuspicious of harm I She is :t real lady through and through. I should like to live with her nlwnys, Mr. Monk. I wonder how you' ran have aeeu her grow beautiful nuclei- your veiy i'yr?, and become accomplished and fit lo nd.,111 the Queen's druwing-rucui, uud yet not fall in luve with her I" Monk's paper fell to his knees, and Ids swarthy face Hushed witb the consciousness of a new and suddenly cuiiccived passion for Hernice. Mra. Crowl read his flush and neitatioa ariiiht. Sho looktd amazed, then pleased. ?'Why, I never have suspected that you love Miss Uwyn," alio exclaimed. " It's something new even to you, 1 Jtnow, Mr. Monk. I nm delighted sir, and I hope that if you win her you will allow mc to remain witli her always. 1 should ask no thing better than to live with Misa Gwynnll my life." '" I do not know what Miss G wyn will say ton marriage with mc," s.id Moult, thought fully. '? She liki-3 mc nud trusts mc, that I know. She trusta you also, and you might a word now and then about my devo tion to hor, nud prepare her to receive favor ably, iv good time, v proposal of marriage from mc. If she murrica mc. Mra. Crowd, you ahull bo her lady housekeeper, at n handsome salary, as lorur ns v.ni .iv..." Mis Crowl'a eyes sparkled witb delight. ".I advise you to let tier kuow that you love ber, sir," she. whispered. "Givo her something elso to think of besides old troubles. Take my word for it, she'll feel Uatlercd aud pleased, and she'll soon get used to the idea and like it. She loves you now as a siater ; it's only a step further to love you as your bride." Monk'c perceptions and intuitions not be ing of tne liuest, he waa glad to accept his confederate's eatimate of llernicc, and to act upon it. Ho resolved that ho wculd do nothing to lessen Ilerriicc's trust in him, but that he would delicately intimate to her, at the lirat suitable opportunity, that although Lord Chetwynd had forgotten her, there tvaa one still who adored her, and would devote hi 3 life to her if she would permit him. The opportunity he tit sired did not occur before evening, when, after eating his din ner in the coffee-room, Monk returned to Lady Cbtlivynd's [ arlor. The gas wna lighted here, and the curtains were drawn. The tire burned cheeiily on the hearth, and beforo it sat liernice, still pale, but with a brighter look on her-proud, dark face. She looked stronger, too, than in the morning, nud greeted Monk with a smile. He was delighted nt tbe change in her, and HAt down near her, bis face beaming. ?' I feared that you had retired," he said, "but you nro almost well again, liernice. Mis. Orowl is n phjsician aa well as it muse. I am pcrs'u.idca that you will be able to con tinue your juiuncy in the morning." Mi". Crowl oppoured from the icncrrconi, attired forthe street. '? I suppose we are to go on tii tho castlo to-morrow, Mr. Monk," ehe said," and 1 have a few purchases to make in town, so 1 must make them to-night. Miss Uwyn was not oo wtak us 1 feared. Her wrist ia better, nil the Inllamrantijn beiug gone from ir.aud she is ipiite ablo to travel. 1 Bhnll be back in an hour, having only to go into Oxford Btreet, If Misa dwyii will kindjy allow mc." j3eriilcu gittu nsHcut, auu lurs. Orowl de parted. | Aud now was f.ime the opportunity Monk, hadcinved. in which to tell Beiuice hia love for her. Hut how waa he to do it 1 While he hesitated in what manner to be (;iu Ida intended communication, Beinicc broke tho silence. "Uilbert," she said, hrsitalinr-.ly, "I've been thinking to-day, during my few waking hours, of how utrurgcly 1 am situated. You tell mo that, having npparcntly.ehcd, anil having actually been Inn ltd, I have ceased to be LovJ Chcttvt nd's wife. V... have been kiud to mc, Gilbert. You have saved luy life twice ; yuu have given mo rare opportunities for inipiotriiiciit, a:..', have been n. noble brother to lue. 11. .y wiil marry Sylvia soerl, nud I urn kit. utterly alone, with n;i future to look fer ward to. Icm never hope to reward you for your goodness to inc. lam n helplo-s burden upon you, nnd i know thnt you are poor. 1 cnniiul cuurvnl tr, be n burden to you any longer." ?? What do you propoee doing ? "I have no further interest in Knglnnd. 1 went l.i go somewhere where 1 have at. least ii shadow of v clliili: upon some one. Il ;.-: Apiil, tiilbert, and ships can visit Sl. Kilda I want you, ut a last favor tonic, to procure mv passage to my old island home." far?, grew sober, even to sad. neen. ,; You have no home nt St. Kilda now, he said. " I don't know how to tell you, but it is better to say the truth at once. Mr. nud Mrs. Gwclluu were both drowned nt cea lust mouth, ou a voyage from St. Kilda to (il?s:;ov. It was iv all the papers—a sad atTair—" He paused, affrighted ut the ilelld white ness ot the girl's face, mid nt thu wild Icok iv her gleat brown eves. " Dead I" aho said.' ?' Druwned ?" " Yes, Hemic-'. It was a terrible ucei dent. Tho boat—n lishing craft—went down in n gule, with all on board." " Dead I—drowned !" repeated the low, piteous voire, with ita wild strain o£ incre dulity. "Dead! Ob, Heaven!' The girl covered her face with her hands. and was motionless and dumb in li-.r great horror and despair. Monk did not dare lo l'--:ih the ailencc. Ho had expected tenia and moans, nnd was nwe-strueU and flight ened at the maimer in which llernicu had received the fatal ue*rd. The slow uiitiutcH wore on. lie-mice lifted her bend at last, and tinned toward him her white, anguished face, and her eyes full of brooding horror. She had shed no tears, nud Monk trembled us he looked upon a grief so mute, so terrible. ?? They are all ennu now," she said, ill Lei broken voice—all gone I four father ami mother I They are linppy in heaven. It ia better so. I would not have them back." " Mr. Gwellan wai afflicted -ith hvait disease, and was ou hia way to Sci.'bind to consult n physician," said Monk,soothingly. " lie could not have lived much longer, at the best. They have scut out a uew minis ter to St. Kildit, and you iui?v hud no place there." '? la there a place anywhere for mc ?" asked llernice, brokenly. " I have no rielit to any name, no home anywhere. 1 am only it dependent upon you. 1 did not mind that, Gilbert, when I expected to go back to Hoy and to have means to repuv you, at least for the lnoii-y vmi have" expended on mc ao geneionsly; hut now ! 1 cannot be dependent 100-.'er. If I hate ceased to be Hoy's wile, I have ceased lo bo your sifter. I shall uo longer be a dead weight upon you." "My poor little Hernia;/ What er.u I say to you ? You are no dependent upon mc. I freely give you nil 1 have. I loved you us a'btoiher from the moment I saw yju. It was that brother-It- love that took rue to your tomb for a laat look upon youi face. It was that love that mado mc refuse to believe you dead, even when Chetwynd had caused you to be put, na he supposed, for ever out of hia sight. During these past, fifteen months 1 have watched the unfolding of your beauty with tenderer nlTection mill. And now, Beruicf, I love yuu with all my heart and soul. Come to mc, Heinice. You are pot nlonc while I live. Come to mc, my darling. Ise my wife, nnd let mc devote my data lo the task of making you happy." He held out hia anna to her, but ehe shrank fiom him. trembling like a leaf. "And you, also!" she whispered. ?? I have Just my last friend. Ah, now Inm in deed alone I'? "I do not understand you, Tfernice." "My friend is tianslfiiucd into a lover," said Uernice, sorrowfully, "and I have lost my friend." "but you have jiaincd far more than you have lost, liei nice," said Monk, gently, yet urgently. " You have gained somu one to Bhare your Bi-nnws, to minister to you, to rejoice with you in .t our jots, to weep when you weep ; some one to whom the world is brighter btcaiiFO you live iv it; some one who, for your sake, strives every day to be a belter nnd nobler man." "Oh, Gilbeitl Don't talk to mc like this I All I have left ia my solf-icspcot, nud that I must maintain. To be peifcotly frauk with you, my French govtrnts* haa repeatedly naked mc what relationship I bear to you, and lina often told mc that, if I were not your relative, nor a young lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leavo your protection, for my very name'a sake. Arid bo, Uilbert, Inm not going back to Mawr Caatle. I wnut you to crown all your obligations to niu by letting mc re main here, nt thifl hotel with Mis. Crowl, until you cau procure for mc a suitable situ ation." " You are surely wild, Herniee. I shall not consuif- to thia nbsurd scheme nf self support. If you will not be my wile, you shall bo my sister nnd ward, but I shall nol lei yon go from mc. In time, I know 1 slinli wiiiyi be my wife." H„ „,„.,:. t,...',; h-T !i-i?i-! sn'! f-.:lt hr.r pu'.u:. It w.,s throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. lie bared lo excite her by fur ther discussion, nud to ulicugllicu her in her new rcsolvea by fuither coiiibiiting thcin. After a few remark*, therefore, on indiftcrcnt aubj..cta, aud no expression of sympathy in her bereavement of her foster pareulii. Monk touk hia departure. He closed the door behind him softly, and went down 6tniis nnd out into tlie street, half angry with himself for having bronchial the Biibjeet of his love until after Sylvia's marriage to Loid Chetwynd. On Bernice being left to herself, her thoughts, reverted to her foster parents, and the tenia that had refused to fail before fell now in a heavy rain. The violence of her grief soon exhausted her. Pule, and with abort, sobbing breaths, she lay back in her chair like a (lower iieiriy beaten out of lite by Borne fcaiful Blown; aud aa she lay there tho door softly opened, aud an old woman iv the nisty alpaca gown, ? scuttle bonnet, mid a heavy black lace veil over her face, slowly nud silently entered the loom, closing thu door behind her. It was the Hindoo ayah. The old East Indian ayah'a disguise waa perfect, and Uernice could not have detected under it her mortal inclliy. It meat have been, then,some subtle hut!net that warned young Lady Chetwynd of the near presence of danger. She rosu up swiftly and silently and retreated toward the door of her bed room adjoining, her big brown eves diluting, and her white face, under rill ita calm brnviry, indicating a quick, spasmodic terror. "This ia a private room, madam." ahe said, with n gesture toward the door.cn eleinvoring to vpeak quietly. Tho disguised Utah came n pace nearer. Something in her stealthy movement, liko the springing step cf 11 tiger, reminded Uer nice of the Hindoo woman, and she knew her under all her disguise. Tie! young 'marchioness made n further retreat. "If you dp not withdraw immediately," said her ladyship, "I shall ring this hell," TllJiltl.il fuillbll.l 111 111 l p. .eke' .11. t lill'W forth It soiled .'c.'tpof p-pcr.oll nhi.'ll s..ioe word* -.cm wiittin. Then she moiYd to ward joiing Lady I'lii.-twyuii, extending the p'lper'as thedid so ; and ilcriiieeV char period vision caught the gleam of v glass vial iv the woman's hand. Thu voting girl had conceived an awful terror of the :,te.-ilthv Hindoo.- .She knew that, the woman had' followed bee up to Loudon with intent to kiil bei ; mid on the m„-..:ci-.t, mi the woman thus approached her with the extended document, the girl sprain- back into her own room, aud closed the door and bolted it, in n panic ol affright The -et announced to tbo Hindoo avail thai her identity was discovered, aud that nothing tcm.'iiiied for her but let.vat. She made the retreat immedialely, slipping back to her own i-.'orn, and having her door ajar. Kilo had barrlv thus hidden herself, when ?he heard a ru'-'ling sound in the corridor, and beheld from tr.r. gloom of her darkened room the powerful figure or .Mrs. Crowl, as that person, laden witb parcu'j, passed into I.adv OheLwvnd's parlor. l'.cruii'c had told Mis. Cr.:wlof her Fillister visitor, but both supposed that the Hindoo woman had quitted the house, and they diil not consider it wi ? e to raise v futile ahum. The various excitements of the evening had altogether plov;;J too much for Beinicc to cu-Juic calmly, and she went to ber bed. Mrs. Crowl Hat up to acquaint Monk with the fact of tho Hindoo woman's, visit. Gilbert Monk was parsing the door on hia way to hia own room about ten ?.'clock, when Mra. Crowl, recognising his step, vent out and called him into Lady Chciwyrnl's parlor. She told him of Uiue-'s visit.jind he listened iv honor and amazement. "It seems, then," said Monk. " that the old Hindoo witch bin discovered Ueruice's assumed name. She mu„l have followed up up from Eastbourne to this very hotel. She means death to Uernice. We must watch our charge. We will leave London in the im.rnine', and we must cntrive to throw that witch cir our tiail. If alio were once to know the v. ay lo Mawr ca-t1..-, 11-.-rnicc would never be sure. Thia ia a bad business. 1 am uneasy—afraid." He went op lo his room with a glo.m upon him lhat he could not shake olf. Meanwhile l'-rnicc, alone in hciown bed room, waa not nde.-p. She w.w Honking. She reviewed ill detail all the cvcn'.s of her Bhort life. She realised her desolation. She anid to herself that she was forgoltcn by all who knew her, and that th.-ie was no place for her on earth na Uernice Chetwynd. She shrank from living longer dependent upon ailbeit Monk. She believed now that ho cxp. rted a recompense for nil his care of her in the shape of her hauil in marriage. Loviiv her husband with all her 'mart, she could not mnrrv Monk. And, strangely enough, now lhat Monk had avowt d for her l. l..vc deeper than the love of a hiother, she begin to shrink fiom him aud to feel a souse of repulsion ae.aii.st him. Sho must earn her livingsomc time ; why nutbi'i/in at once? She waa fully competent to instruct ehildri n ; why should she not do so ; She. could net return to Mawr Castle, an.l Moik woiilil u.-t consent to allow her ?o leave hie care. She in rut, then, if the in ter:.lid to help helself, go away secretly. And in stealing away from those she be lieved to l.a her friends, He-mice believed that she would nko recipe fiom the one she knew to to bu hcreliemy. Sho began to be lli haste to be gone. Atdav'oreaU Uernice was up and dressed. Mi'i. Crowl had not visited her during tbc ni-lit, and waa now sleeping heavily iv her own room ou the otl.tr aide of the parlor. lieruice had put ou hertraveliiug coatuine, ber only outer garments at command. Her little bag had been packed by Mrs. Crowl for travelling. She put. on her bal, and then aat down ut her window, cmi.lied her pocket-book in her lap, aud <:. unleil her small hoard of money, liiuling that she pos si'sscd tome fifteen pounds. She put her pucket b.ok in her bosaom, nnd buttoned her drcsu mil jacket over it. She tied ou her scarf and her doubled gray grenadine veil. She win all ready to start lind began to find a positive relief in the thought of battling with the world for her bread. ' Shu waited a littlo till the tidu of shop girls began '.o 111070 along Pioudiily towards Ile-gciit Circus, and then, with her heart throbbing wildly, she arose and unfastened her door, and- stole iuto her private parlor, bag iv baud. Sho could hear Mis. Crowl breathing heavily. Sho crossed the floor and let her aelf out into the corridor. Gilbert Monk waa alii-plng in bis. iouih, arid old lliigce was also asleep iii her chamber opposite, tinsua. pit-inus of tha fact that her prey wan eaonp ing her. Uernice glided down the stairs unnoticed. Shu paused in the lower hall. The door nt thu private entrance was open, and a boy was engaged in scouring tho stone steps. As Bcrnice appeared, he straggled out into the street to speak to a passing shop-buy, and young Lady Chetwynd passed out at tbe open door into the street unchal lenged.—(To te Cantiiut'.ii) Tiir.nn wdh onco a Seotoh farmer famed for tim strength, who waa often cbnlleuiiGd by peoplo from a distance who had heard of his reputation. Ono day thero arrived from London Lird D., n well known amateur puuilist. Ho found tbo Scot working iv a field. "Friend," uaid hia loidahip, after first tying bin horao to a tree, " I have como a long wr.y to ace which of ua ia tho beat wr.-rlhr." Without r.njirg a word the farmer seized him around tho middle, piiciicd him ovor the hedge, and retuimed hia ttoik. His l-rd*bip -lowly i:?tli-r?-l_ ?iimr-?f ??_? gethcr, whereupon tho farmer uuid : "Well, havo you anything more to cay lo mc !'' ?? No," replied Lord D., "hut perhaps yem'll bo co good aa to throw nm my horse." Mn. Djiowmso used often to apeak to Irienda of tie only occasion on which be ever apokii to tho queen. Sji-ir-vears ago. thti late Dean cf Westminster nnd Lilly Augusta Stanley iuviud him amour, other* to tea at tbo Deanery ti mccl th? queen, and Cail.rle wan one of the p-iitv. Tn-j q'lecn began to talk to Carlylo ami cxpr,-,ed her ...pinions on tome matter with which lie ddT-icd, and ho, as usu.il, coritia.licti.d ber and silenced her. As the quern left llin room, alio stopped ut the door lo epeak to Mr. Browning und Buy good-bye, remarking: "What v vny extraordinary man Mr. Carlylo is I Dje* hu always talk liko that 7 I r.t.viT mot him before." Mr. U.owiiing waa only ablo to assure her that it was hia invariable custom. A SToitY io told of n certain mayor of Cork who headed a deputation to the late Emperor of the French, and commenced an orutiorr to bis majesty iv what ho conceived to be tho French tongue. " Purilou mc," said tbo emperor, nfter he had listened to tho apcceli with much patience; ''English I know fairly well ; but I regret lo Bay, I have never hud an oppor tunity of studying tlie Irish language." lt.txu.i:u :" I aaw Mrs. Kendall in 'A Scrap of Paper ' tlie other nii'.bt." Da 77.11 r : " And they call her v moral woman I Well, f cbculd like to see my wife exhibiting herself in that make-up." Two Itishmcu walking along Sutter Btrcot otepped under a sign printed in Hebrew let tern. " An' what'u that, Mniko?"nekcd roe. " Bcgono, I dunno but ef Oi had moi llute, hang mo of Oi wuldn't troi to play it." Tin: diff.rnnoo lintwrinn n hnebdor "m! n banker is thnt ono ia a lonesome fellow and tbo other is a loan Bum fellow. 