CIIAPTER XXI, A ETIAGOE N.II.TING. For a minute, perhaps, after the disappear. ance of Mr. Rothwell and the lawyer into the abysc, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with etrained cyes and li tenirn parY, and than he made a frartio rush at tho door. St. Auhyn Ic ?edictc cciidiy 'ie, y aca l ihe ieor in fit ,f Tihc I C:lhi4 t wIt ,,wn ,iI aii dul l crae h " I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as he groped at the Ick; \+ that fall must have killed them inulantly. Frcm the turret down to the old donjun I It is terrible to think of, though ilut they forced mo to it. W\Vy couldn't they let me alonel Curoa this door --sllll I never get it open 1 Ah, here's the key in my pooket. I forgot." His hands shook, his very knees bent under him. At last he got the door open, and rushed out heodlong, au if a ghost were at hit heels. "Seymour, Seymour I" he called, etumbling on towards tlie great stairxay. From a lshdowy corner the o ld mien EUd. dcnly shliot up. " \\\Wh'lt i it-what's the matter, my lord 1" Ihe Igasped, hit face not less ghastly than his mnater"P. " Who eaid anything wan tle matter I" re. turned 'H. Aubyn, hotly. "Stand ff., you idiot 1 Whly do you stare at oe so?' " Oh, my dear young manter," entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted eych ralted .? l _l Jnan'a face. o2. ht have you dio ?" Sl ubrn raised his hand ia if to strike ot hiin his iudden rage and fear. 'eill you cease asking cmie quctllons l"S hI cried. "Nolthing is the matter, only I'm going away to night-thie hour. I've had news from ILondoin. I ioust start at once. Are you ready to shut up the house, as I or. dered ?" Tihe old man bowed his head, and then ndded, in hie tremulous volsc: " My lord, what have you done with our guests l" Io Ionel with them I" rechoed St. Aubyn, seizing hie arm and forcing himi downll to words the slcire,. I I haiveo done nothing with theml . They are gone-gonell to catch Ithe Londnn train--and I amt Itoinl too, le quickl I Ilve out the IorAer and shut up lice houe, anc d don't cnak another question, II .cci vauhlie your lile," - lirhe old manl obeyn, wringing his handc nlld mIoaning as hoe ee eculd the wiIinding sdoe. Hi, Aubyn darts back to the door of the blanc drawingironnm ishlitl It and locke it, putl hllihn key in hin plaioet, and then fol townI lit old Heyllolr'na slept with a sarrange feelinhg of reller, i if he had looked hie dark nilgiht'n work naoe anld oeautr li tnat turret roem, lii erioes the drauilhty oorrihlor, and allache hilt way itralight to his wife'n rino In yIrt Illing Ibeorn the t Ieimoulloring nth e, wrapied it her ncirf, her brown bair clinging to lher while thin oehrlc, lch ticars 0nolt yet dry uplon hr long i lilhee. Hhe in fant oaeiiep, poorr, weary litll lonsi, nil lost In n hacppy droalu. A vlvbl snill lilhti her still tiatlrso, her hinndn are clanlold, andhll e lo u lrlllli urn lii hlnctlcO lly I " Aii , f ledic nnd, I.tIet nd, In It yeo ?" o, en li?n,, lit, Auhyn drcop tunlt hi heit tlcn lbetih hier chair, ai nd int thUn s1lender fligttr litO hisl tarmie ,- ( lY e ? nilit'tlti,.) 