A SsamttoMl llMkre. \- » : " My dear little woman, you arc really too. silly in making such a fuss about it. What can it matter ?" 44 1 know it's silly, but I can't help it, Ber-. tram. Of course I'm not jealous— you don't suppose that— but it annoys me. The girls even are always laughing about it, and I hate to see her sitting all through luncheon with those great saucer eyes of hers fixed upon you, drinking in every word you say, and, in 6nort, openly worshipping you. It's such had taste; you know—" 44 Thank you ! I'm not quite sure whether that is complimentary either to y ourself or me.'' 44 Don't laugh, Bertram. You know well enough whati mean. Of course I want every one to admire you and thick you handsome and charming, just as I do myself. But I'm sure I never looked at you as she docs, even in the days when I was so desperately in love with you, and never dreamt of your caring twopence about me. I don't call it nice of her at&li;, and the girls say that she's always going on in the schoolroom about your wonderful eyes, and the Sehnsucht of your expression, and says she's sure you've had some tragische Beycbtnhcit in your life, or seen a ghost, or done something winch haunts your memory, and has left you reuevoll uLndenken which you can't get rid of, and all sorts of rubbish of that sort. It isn't true, is it ? I don't believe it one bit, and always laugh when they talk about it ; but at the same time I feel uncomfortable, and hate tolhink of her making such suggestions." . ; Bertram St. John laughed. " Asndcnken sind langweiliji he said, " and I'm afraid I can't help my eyes, which I probably inherit from my Spanish grandmother." Then he added gravsiy, 44 But my dear little wife must not worry herself about such ab surdities. Listen Eva. Before I asked you to marry me, 1 told you of the one and only folly — it doesn't deserve the name oi romance — or my life. I fancied I had been deeply wounded, and that my wound was incurable. When I met you, and grew to love you, I discovered that only a scar remained, and thanks to you and your affection, even that has now com pletely disappeared: Believe me, darling, I could never have asked you to join your bright young life to my gray hairs had there been any tragedy or remorseful memory connected with my past, or anything which an innocent girl like you would shrink from the knowledge of. As for ghosts and such-like bogey visitors, I have never possessed sufficient imagination even to fancy I saw them, and I do not flatter myself by thinking that I am of sufficient im portance in the world for them to trouble what brains their ghostly state may allow them about me. Fraulein is a silly gushing young woman, like many of her sex in all nations, and she is foolishly making a romance out of the fact that an elderly man has married a young wife, as she would have done just the same had I been as young as you are, or even had you been as old as lam. Don't trouble your pretty little head about it. You will eee that she will get over it before Our visit conies to an end, and will very likely be disappointed to find what a commonplace individual i am after all." an « 44 Now, Bertram, tell us a story. We always make people tell us a story when they come to schoolroom tea, don't we, Fraulein F" 44 And Frauleiu says she's Bare there's some thing romantic in your life — " "fche didn't say romantic , she said tragic , Gerry." 44 Silence, children ! I shall request Sir Ber tram to go away if you do not behave properly." 44 Well, you know you did say so, Fraulein ; and ycu said — " 44 Never mind now, Gerry. People often forget exactly what they've heard. I'll fell you a story if you like. What shall ic be about?" O, something wonderful. Have you ever had a very great adventure ; 44 Have you ever seen a ghost ?" 44 Did you ever kill a man ?" 44 Have you ever teen a murderer ?'f 41 Stop, stop ! I can't answer all your ques tions at once. You must give me a little time to think. Now, let me see. I will tell you about what happened in the train aB I was coming from Spain to Biarritz, where I first met Eva two years ago. 44 1 was leaving Seville by the night mail, which starts between 8 and 9 o'clock. , I was early at the station, and having put my rugs ana dressing- Dag into a compartment; 1 walked up and down the platform, watching the arrivals, and wondering whether the train would be crowded or whether ! should liate enough room to lie down. 4 4 There happened to be very few passengers that night, and no one came to my compart ment ; but I saw some people arranging their goods and chattels in the next one, ana when they came but I was at once struck by their ap pearance. They were a young couple, I imagine husband and wife. _ The man was what I suppose most persons would have called ex tremely handsome, but to my mind he possessed one of the most disagreeable faces I have ever seen : a very- pale, almost sallow, complexion, with, dark eyes and jet black -hair, . eyebrows which nearly met and were very strongly marked, and a hard cruel expression which, even- when He smiled, gave him in my. eyeB the appearance qf a fiend., — . 4 4 His companion, on the contrary, was ffair Mnd Tovely, with a sweet ERd face, and when he spoke Angrily about something that hid been left behind" or misplaced'she shrank from him : and looked so -frightened -that I felt quite torry for her, and began to .weave $ sensational story in my. own mind about them and their, doings. -. - - ' . ."Well, we storied, and I was left the sole oc cupant of my compartment; they, too,' were alone in theirs . I smoked a cigar, and then drew the curtain over "the light, tolled myself into a rug, and went to sleep. How long I slept I knew not, but I suddenly woke with a start, and a feeling as though something were amiss. Why or wherefore I cannot tell, but with thus eerie feeling came unbidden" the re collection of the beautiful girl in the next com partment and her evil-iooking companion. Perhaps ! had been dreaming— I do not kno w —but anyhow, the impression that some sinister -agency was at work next door was so strong that I got; up and looked through the tri angular piece of glass which, as you know, is like a little window between the compartments in foreign railway-carriages. My fellow- travellers had, like myself, darkened the lamp, hut there was just a glimmer of light fiom it in the carriage, and also a faint gleam from the moon outside. I could not distinguish things very clearly at first, but could Bee that the girl was situng withher hack to me, just under the little window, and fhe man on the seat opposite/ They appeared to be talking, , and presently ! saw the man stoop doum and ap parently sbek something on the floor,, ot per-, haps in- a-bag at his feet. I watched /.intently, having a firm though quite unaccountable con viction that something terrible was about to take place. In a moment or two hb raised self, and I saw something glitter aishe moved? his hand; then he bent forward cldse fcbiLmv and T&ised; his arm. There wis i" mbnyKntery flash, and even above the rattle of; X heard a scream; and saw the map himsei.1 'upon tho girl-AS .though hold mghtdowu_ in her place/' Twits horror-struck, and for a few. seconds _ felt paralysed ; . but recovenng nty wits, I turned and drew. back the shade from the lamp in . order, to read the directions for communicating with thegu&rd.; Wheu I ogam looked through the window I saw — now shall I tell you tc7tat I Saw, this evening ? or shaU I wait" till to-morrow morning, and tell you m day light F'- 44 Go on, go on !" cried the children. 44 AcA, mein Gott ! es ist schrectcheh . shuddered' the Fraulein. 5 '' Well, when I turned round , and looked again, I saw that they too had un xtvered the lamp. . The man was lighting a cigarette, having already lighted the girl's, and they were both laughing merrily as she ruefully examined the hole burnt in .her pretty frock by the - head of the' first match, which had. flown off when hs struck it ! ' - - -"There, that's the nearest approach I can give you to any sensational, episode in which I have been concerned. And wasn't it lucky I did a' t call the guard and stop the train ?" 44 Oh — h — hf" chorused the children, while the Fraulein drew herself up with an air of in j ured dignity. 44 Bertram. you're a darling ! _ I shall never he uncomfortable about Fraulein any more. You did it beautifully ; and the girls say that she is quite augrv about it, and didn't evea scold them for talking slang when they nailed it a regular sell, and has been preaching upon the foay of judging by appearance ever since. You have come down with a crash from her pedestal, but mine has now grown so high that I shall soon want a telescope to 896 you at the top of it ! I never knew you could tell a story so well." ' "-Thank you, mv dear. Another doubtful compliment !' ' — The World. 