B E A T R I C E . .—,—« By RIDER HAGGARD- (Author of "King Solomon's Mines," " She," &c.;) CHAPTER X,—{Continued.) LADY HONORIA MAKES ARRANGEMENTS Accustomed to observe, Geoffrey saw this instantly, and then glanced at the father. The* old man was frightened; clearly he wait afraid of Elizabeth, and dreaded a scene. He stood fidgeting his feet about, and trying to find something to say, as he glanced apprehensively at his eldest daughter through his thin hanging hair. Lastly, Geoffrey looked at Beatrice, who was indeed well worth looking at. Her eyes shone out beneath their darklasbes. She had risen, drawing herself to her full height, which her exquisite proportions seemed to increase, and was looking at her sister. Presently she said one wort), and one only, but it was enough. "Elizabeth!" Her sister opened her lips to speak again, but hesitated, and changed her mind. There was something; in Beatrice's manner that checked her. " Well," she said at length," you should 1 not irritate me so, Beatrice." Beatrice made no reply. She only turned towards Geoffrey, and with a graceful little bow, said : " Mr. Bingham, I am sure you will forgive this scene. The fact is, we all slept badly last night, and it has not improved our tempers." There was a pause, of which Mr. Granger took a hurried and rather undignified " Urn, ah," he said. " By the way, Beatrice, what was it I wanted to say ? Ah, I know—have you written, I mean written out that 6ermon for next Sunday ? My daughter," he added, addressing Geoffrey in explanation—" um, copies my sermons for me j she writes a very good hand—" Remembering Beatrice's confidence as to her sermon manufacturing functions, Geoffrey felt amused at her father's naive way of describing them, and Beatrice also smiled faintly as she answered that the sermon was ready. Just then the roll of wheek was heard without, and the only fly that Bryngelly could boast pulled up in front of the door. " Here's & fly come for you, Mr. Bingham," said Mr. Granger, " and as I live, her ladyship with it. Elizabeth, see if there isn't some tea ready," and the old gentleman, who had all the traditional love of the lower middle-class Englishman for a title, trotted off to welcome u her ladyship." Piesently Lady Honoria entered the room, a sweet, if rather a set smile upon her handsome face, and with a graceful mien that became her tall figure exceedingly well. For to do Lady Honoria justice, she Was one of the most ladylike women in the country, and so far as her personal appearance went, a very perfect type of the class to which she belonged. Geoffrey looked at her, saying to himself that 6he had clearly recovered her temper, and that he was thankful for it. This waB not wonderful, for it was observable that the more aristocratic a lady's manners are, the more disagreeable she is apt to be when she is crossed. " Well, Geoffrey, dear," she said, " you 6ee I have come to fetch you. I was determined that you should not get yourself drowned again on your way home. How are you now?—but I needn't ask; you look quite well again." " It is very kind of you, Honoria," 6aid her husband simply, but it was doubtful if 6he heard him, for at the moment she was engaged in searching out the soul of Beatrice, with one of the most penetrating and comprehensive glances that young lady had ever enjoyed the honour of receiving. There was nothing rude about the look, it was so quick, but Beatrice felt that, quick as it might be, it embraced her altogether. Nor was she wrong. " There is no doubt about it," Lady Honoria, thought to herself, " she is lovely —lovely everywhere. It was clever of her to leave her hair down; it shows the shape of her head so well, and she is tall enough to stand it. That blue wrapper suits her, too. Very few women could show 6uch a figure as hers—like a Greek statue. " I don't like her; she's different from most of us; just the sort of girl men go wild about and women hate." All this passed through her mind in a flash. For a moment Lady Honoria's blue eyes met Beatrice's grey ones, and she knew that Beatrice liked her no better than she did Beatrice. Those eyes were a trifle too honest, and, like the deep clear water they resembled, apt to throw up shadows of the passing thoughts above. " False and cold and heartless," thought Beatrice. " I wonder how a man like that could marry her; and how much he loves her." Thus the two women took each other's measure at a glance, each finding the other wanting by her standard. Nor did they ever change that hastily formed judgment. It was all done in a few seconds—in that hesitating moment before the words we summon answer on our lips. The next, Lady Honoria was sweeping towards her with outstretched hand, and her most gracious smile. " Miss Granger," she said, " I owe you a debt I never can repay—my dear husband's life. I have heard all about how yon saved him ; it is the most wonderful thing—Grace Darling born again. I can't think how you could do it. I wish I were half as brave and strong." " Please don't, Lady Honoria," said Beatrice. " I am so tired of being thanked for doing nothing, except what it was my duty to do. If I had let Mr. Bingham go while I had the strength to hold on to him I ehould have iolt like a murderess to-day I beg you to say no more about it" " One does not often find such modesty united to BO much courage, and if you will allow me to say it. so much beauty," said Lady Honoria graciously. " Well, I will do as you wish, but I warn you your fame will find you out. I hear they have an aoocunt of the whole adventure in to-day'i papers, headed,' A Welsh Heroine.'" "flow did you hear that, Honoria?" asked her husband. " Oh, I had a telegram from Garsington and he mentions it," she answered, care lessly. "Telegram Irom Garsington! Hence these 6miles," thought he. "I suppose she is going to-morrow." " I have 6ome other news for you, Miss Granger," went on Lady Honoria. "Your canoe has been washed ashore, very little mjured. The old boatman—Edward, think they call him—has found it; and your gun in it too, Geoffrey. It had stuck under the seat or somewhere. But I fancy that you must both have had enough canoe ing for the present." "I don't know, Lady Honoria/' an 6wered Beatrice. "One does not often get such weather as last night's, and canoe ing is very pleasant. Every sweet has its salt, you know; or, in other words, one may always be upset." At that moment Betty, the awkward Welsh- serving lass, with a fore-arm about as shapely as the hind leg of an elephant, and a most unpleasing habit of snorting audibly as she moved, shuffled in with the tea-tray. Jn her wake came the slim Elizabeth, to whom Lady Honoria was introduced. After this conversation flagged for a while, till Lady Honoria, feeling that things were getting a little dull, eet the ball rolling again. " What a pretty view you have of the 6ea from these windows," she said in her well-trained and monotonously modulated voice. " I am so glad to have seen it, for, you know, I am going away to-morrow." Beatrice looked up quickly. " My husband is not going," she went on, as though in answer to an unspoken question. " I am playing the part of the undutiful wife and running away from him for exactly three weeks. It is very wicked of me, isn't it ? bat I have an engagement that I must keep. It is most tiresome." Geoffrey, sipping his tea, smiled grimly behind the shelter of his cup. " She does it uncommonly well," he thought to him self. " Does your little girl go with you, Lady Honoria ?" asked Elizabeth. " Well, no, I think not. I can't bear parting with her—you know how hard it is when one has only one child. But think 6he would be so bored where I am going to stay, for there are no other children there: and besides, she positively adores the sea. So I shall have to leave her to her father's tender mercies, poor deer." " I hope she will survive it, I am sure," said Geoffrey laughing. " I Buppose that your husband is going to stay on at Mr. Jones's," said the clergyman. "Really, I don't know. What arc you going to do, Geoffrey ? Mr. Jones's rooms are rather expensive for people in our impoverished condition. Besides, I am sure that she eannot look after Effie. Just think, she has eight children of her own, poor old dear. And I must take Anne with me; she is Effie's French nurse, you know, a perfect treasure. I am going to stop in a big house, and my experience of those big houses is, that one never gets on at all unless one takes a maid. You see, what is everybody's business is no* body'6 business. I'm sure I don't know how you will get on with the child, Geoffrey; she takes such a lot of looking after." "Oh, don't trouble about that, Honoria," he answered. " I daresay that Effie and I will manage somehow." Here one one of those peculiar gleams of intelligence which marked the advent of a new idea passed across Elizabeth's face. She was sitting next her father, and bending whispered to him. Beatrice saw it and made a motion as though to interpose, but before she could do so Mr. Granger spoke. " Look here, Mr. Bingham," he said, " if you want to move, would vou like a room here ? Terms Btrictly' moderate, but can't afford to put you up for nothing, you know, and livirg rough and ready. You'd have to take us you find us; but there's a dressing-room next to my room, where your little girl could sleep, and my daughters would look after her between them, and be glad of the job." Again Beatrice opened her lips as though to speak, but closed them without speaking. Thus do our opportunities pass before we realise they are at hand. Instinctively Geoffrey had glanced to wards her. He did not know it this idea was agreeable to her. He knew that her work was hard, and he did not wish to put extra trouble upon her, for he guessed that the burden of looking after Effie would ultimately fall upon her shoulders. But her face told him nothing: it was quite passive and apparently indifferent. "You are very kind, Mr. Granger," he 6aid, hesitating. "I don't want to go away from Byrngelly just at present, and it would be a good plan in some ways, that is if th9 trouble to your daughters would not be too much." " I am sure that it would be an excel lent plan," broke in Lady Honoria, who feared lest difficulties should arise as to her appropriation of Anne's services; " how m lucky that' I happened to mention it. There will be no trouble about our giving up the rooms at Mrs. Jones's, because I know she has another application for them." " Yery well," said Geoffrey, not liking to raise objections to a scheme thus publicly advocated, although ho would have preferred to take time to consider. Something warned him that Bryngelly Vicarage would prove a fateful abode for him. Then Elizabeth rcse and asked Lady Honoria if she would like to see the room her husband and Effie would occupy. She said 6he would be delighted and went off, followed by Mr. Granger fussing in the rear. Don't you think that you will be a little dull here, Mr. Bingham ?" said Beatrice. "On the contrary," he answered " Why should I be dull ? I cannot be so dull as I should be by myself." Beatrice hesitated, and then spoke again. " We are a curious family, Mr. Bingham; you may have seen as much this afternoon Had you not better think it over ?" " If you mean that you do not want me to come, I won't," he said bluntly, and next second lelt that he had made a mistake. " I!" 6be answered, opening her eyes. I have no wishes in the matter. The fact is that we are poor, and let lodgings —that is what it comes to. If you think they will suit you, you are quite right to take them." Geoffrey coloured. He was a man who could not bear to lay himself open to the smallest rebuff from a woman, and he had biought this on himself. Beatrice' saw it and relented. " Of course, Mr. Bingham, so far as I am concerned, I shall be the gainer, if you do come. I do not meet 60 many people with whom I care to associate, and from whom I can learn, that I wish to throw a chance away." " I think you misunderstood me a little," he said; " I only meant that perhaps you would not wish to be bothered with Effie, Miss Granger." She laughed. " Why I love children. It will be a great pleasure to me to look after her so far as I have time." Just then the others returned, and their conversation came to an end. It's quite delightful, Geoffrey—such funny old-fasbioned rooms. I really envy you." (If there was one thing in the world that Lady Honoria hated, it was an old- fashioned room.) " Well, and now we must be going. Oh! you poor creature, " forget that you were so knocked about am sure Mr. Granger will give you his arm." Mr. Granger ambled forward, and Geoffrey having made his adieus, and borrowed a clerical hat (Mr. Granger's concession to custom, for in most other respect he dressed like an ordinary farmer), was safely conveyed to the fly. And so ended Geoffrey's first day at Bryngelly Vicarage. CHAPTER XL BEATRICE MAKES AN APPOINTMENT, Lady nonoria leaned back in the cab, and sighed a sigh of satisfaction. " That is a capital idea," she said. " I was wondering what arrangements you could make for the next three weeks. It is ridiculous to pay three guineas a week for rooms ja6t for you and Effie. The old gentleman only wants that for board and lodgings together, for I asked him." daresay it will do," said Geoffrey. > when are we to shift ?" | " To- morrow, in time for dinner, or rather supper; these barbarians eat supper, you know. I go by the morning train, you see, so as to reach Garsington by tea-time. 1 daresay you will find it rather dull, but you like being dull. The old clergyman is a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for the eldest daughter, Elizabeth, she's too awful—she reminds me of a rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though think her horrid too. You'll have to con sole yourself with her, and t daresay you will suit each other." . "Why do you think her horrid, Ho "Oh, I don't know; she's clever and odd, and I hate odd women. Why can't they be like other people ? Think of her being strong enough to save your lifs like that too. She must have the muscle of an Amazon—it's downright unwomanly. But there's no doubt about her beauty. She is as nearly perfect as any girl I ever saw, though too independent looking. If only one had a daughter like that, how one marry her. I wouldn't look at any thing under £20,000 a year. She is too good for that lumbering thing Welsh squire she's engaged to—the man who lives in the Castle—though they say he is fairly rich." „ " Engaged," said Geoffrey," how do you know that she is engaged ?" " Oh, I doD't know it at all, but I suppose she is. If she isn't, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is not likely to throw such a chance away. At any rate, he's head ovei ears in love with her. I saw that last night. He was hanging about for hours in the rain outside the door with a face like a ghost, till he knew whether she was dead or alive, and he's been there twice to inquire this morning. Mr. Granger told me. But she's too good for him from a business point of view. She might marry anybody, if only she were put in the way of it." Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the receipt of this intelligence. Of course it was nothing to him; indeed he was glad to hear that she was in the way of such a comfortable settlement, but it is unfortunately a fact that one cannot be quite as much interested in a young and lovely lady who is the }otential property of a " lumbering Welsh squire," as in one who belongs to herselC The old Adam still survives in most men, however right-thinking they may be, and this is one of its methods of selfassertion. " Weli," he said, " I'm glad to hear she is in such a good way; she deserves it. I think the Welsh squire in luck; Miss Granger is a remarkable woman." "Too remarkable by half," said Lady Honoria, drily. " Here we are, and there is Effie skipping about like a wild thing as usual. I think that child is demented." On the following morning—it was Friday—Lady Honoria, accompanied by Anne, departed in the very best of tempers. For the next three weeks, at any rate, she would be free from the galling associations of straightened means—free to enjoy the luxury and refined comfort to which she had been accustomed, and for which her soul yearned with a fierce longing that would be incomprehensible to folk of a simpler mind. Everybody has his or her ideal Heaven, if only one could fathom it. Some would choose a sublimated intellectual leisure, made happy by all the best literature of all the planets; some a model state (with themselves aB presidents), in which the latest tadical notions could actually (through their beneficent efforts) be got to work to everybody's satisfaction; others a happy hunting ground, where the game enjoyed the fun 8S much as they did; and so on, ad infinitum. Lady Honoria was even more modest. Give her a well appointed town and country house, a few powdered footmen, plenty of carriages, and other needful thing/?, including of course the entree to the upper celestial ten, and she would ask no more from age to age. Let us hope that she will get it one day. It would hurt nobody, and she is sure to find plenty of people of her own way of thinking—that is if this world supplies the raw material. She embraced Effie with enthusiasm, and her husband with a chastened warmth, and went a pious prayer upon her lips that 6he might never set her eyes upon Bryngelly again. It will not be necessary for us to follow Lady Honoria in her travels. That afternoon Effie and her father had great fun. They packed up. Geoffrey, who was rapidly recovering from his stiffness, pushed the things into the portmanteaus and Effie jumped on them. Those which would not go in they bundled loose into the fly, till that vehiole looked like an old clothes shop. Then, as there was no room left for them inside, they walked down to the Vicarage by the beaob, a distance of about threequarters of a mile, stopping on their way to admire the beautiful castle, in one corner of which Owen Davies lived and moved. " Oh, daddy," said the child, " I wish you would buy a house like that for you and me to live in. Why don't you, daddy?" " Haven't got the money, dear," he answered. "Will you ever have the money, daddy?" " I don't know, dear, perhaps one day —when I am too old to enjoy it," he added to himself. " It would take a great many pennies to buy a house like that, wouldn't it, daddy ?" said Effie sagely. " Yes, dear, more than you can count," he answered, and the conversation dropped. Presently they came to a boat-shed, placed opposite the village and close to high-water mark. Here a man, it was old Edward, was engaged in mending a canoe. Geoffrey glanced a; it and saw that it was the identical canoe out of which he had 60 nearlv been drowued. "Look, Effie," said he, "that is the boat out of which I was upset." Effie opened her wide oyes, ana stared at the frail craft. " It is a horrid boat," she said; " I don't want to look at it." " You're quite right, little miss," said said old Edward, touching his cap. " It ain't safe, and somebody will be drowned out of it one of these days. I wish it had gone to the bottom, I do; but Miss Bea- trice, she is that foolhardy there ain't no doing nothing with her." " I fancy that she has learnt a lesson," said Geoffrey. " May be, may be," grumbled the old man, " but woman folk are hard to teach; they never learn nothing till it's too late, they don't and then when they've been and done it they're sorry, but what's the good o' that." Meanwhile another conversation was in progress not more than a quarter of a mile away. On the brow of the cliff stood the village of Bryngelly, and at the back of the village was a school, a plain white-washed building, roofed with stone, which, though amply sufficient and suitable to the wants of the place, was little short of an abomination in the eyes of Her Majesty's lordly school inspectors, who from time to time descended upon Bryngelly for purposes of examination and fault-finding. They yearned to see a stately red-brick edifice with all the latest improvements, but as yet they yearned in vain. The school was supported by voluntary contributions, and thanks to Beatrice's energy and good teaching, the dreaded Board, with its fads and extravagance, had not yet clutched it. Beatrice had returned to her duties that afternoon, for a night's rest had brought back its vigor to her strong young frame. She had been greeted with enthusiasm by the children, who loved her, as well as they might, for she was very gentle and sweet with them, though none dared disobey her. Besides, her beauty impressed them, though they did not know it. Beauty of a certain sort has perhaps more effect on childien than on any other class, heedless and selfish as they olten seem to be. They feel its power; it is an outward expression of the thoughts and dreams that bud in their unknowing hearts, and is somehow mixed up with their ideas of God and Heaven. Thus there was in Bryngelly a little girl of ten, a very clever and highly excitable child, Jane Llewellyn by name, born of parents of strict Calvinistic views. As it chanced, some months before the opening of this story, a tub thumper, of high renown and considerable rude oratorical force visited the place, and treated his hearers to a lively discourse on the horrors of Hell. In the very front row, her eyes wide with fear, sat this poor little child between her parents, wio listened to the minister with much satisfaction, and a little way back sat Beatrice, who had come out of curiosity. Presently the preacher, having dealt sufficiently in terrifying generalities, went on to practical illustrations, for, after the manner of his class, he was delivering an extemporary oration. " Look at that child," he said, pointing to the little girl; " she looks innocent, does ehe not ? but if she does not find salvation, my brethren, I tell you that she is damned. If she dies to-night not having found salvation, she will go to Hell. Her delicate little body will be tormented for ever and ever " Here the unfortunate child fell forward with a shriek. " You ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir," said Beatrice aloud. She had been listening to all this illjudged rant with growing indignation, and now, in her excitement, entirely forgot that she was in a place of worship. Then 6he ran forward to the child, who had swooned. Poor little unfortunate, she never recovered the shock. When 6he came to herself, it was found that her finely- strung mind had given away, and she lasped into a condition of imbecility. But her imbecility was not always passive. Occasionally fits of passionate terror would seize upon her. She would cry out that the fiends were coming to drag her down to torment, and dash herself against the wall, in fear hideous to behold. Then it was found that there was but one way to calm her; it was to send for Beatrice. Beatrice would come and take the poor thin hands in hers and gaze with her calm deep eyes upon the wasted horror-stricken face till the child grew quiet again, and shivering, sobbed herself to sleep upon her breast And so it was with all the children ; her power over them was almost absolute. They loved her, and she loved them all. And now the schooling was almost done for the day. It was Beatrice's custom to make the children sing some simple song before they broke up. She s'ood in front of them and gave the time while they sung, and a pretty sight it was to see her do it. On this particular aiternoon, just as the first verse was finished, the door of the room opened, and Owen Da vies entered, bearing books under his arm. Beatrice glanced round and saw him, then, with a quick stamp of her foot, went on giving the time. The children sung lustily, and in front of them stood Beatrice, dressed in simple white, her graceful form swaying as she marked the music time. Nearer and nearer drew Owen Davies, till at length he stood quite close, his lips slightly apart, his eyes fixed upon her like the eyes of ono who dreams, and his slow heavy face faintly lit with the glow of strong emotion. The song ended, the children at a word from their mistress filed paBt her, headed by the pupil teachers, and then with a shout seizing their caps, ran forth this way and that, welcoming the free air. When they were were all gone, and not till then Beatrice turned suddenly round. " How do you do, Mr. Davies i" she &aid.; He started visibly. " I did not know that you had seen me." " Oh, yes, I saw you, Mr. Davies, only I could not 8top the song to say how do you do. By the way, I have to thank you for coming to enquire after me." " Not at all, Miss Beatrice, not at allj it was a most dreadful accident. I cannot tell you how thankful I am—I can't, indeed." " It is very good of you to take so much interest in me," said Beatrice. "Not at all, Miss Beatrice, not at all Who—who could help taking interest in you ? I have brought you some books—the life of Darwin—it is in two volumes. I think that I have heard you say that Darwin interests you ?" "Yes, thank you very much. Have you read it ?" " No, but I have cut it. Darwin doesn't interest me, you know. I think that he was a rather misguided person. May I carry the books home for you ?" "Thank you, but I am not going straight home; I am going to old Edward's shed to see my canoe." As a matter of fact this was trne, but the idea was only that moment born in her mind. Beatrice had been going home, as she wanted to see that all things were duly prepared for Geoffrey and his little daughter. But to get to the Vicarage she must pass along the cliff, where there were few people, and this she did not wish to do. Now the way to Edward's shed lay through the village and down the cliff, and she knew that he would never propose in the village. It was very foolish of her, no doubt, thus to seek to postpone the evil day, but the strongest-minded women have their weak points, and this was one of Beatrice's. She hated the idea of this scene. She knew that when it did come there would be a scene. Not that her resolution to refuse the men had ever faltered. But it would be painful and in the end it must reach the ears of her father and Elizabeth that she had actually rejected Mr. Owen Davies, and then what would her life be worth ? She had never suspected, it had never entered into her mind to suspect, that, though her father might be vexed enough, nothing on this earth would more delight the heart of Elizabeth. Presently, having fetched her hat, Beatrice, accompanied by her admirer, bearing the life of Darwin under his arm, started to walk down to the beach. They went in silence, Beatrice just a little ahead. She ventured some remark about the weather, but Owen Davies made no reply; he waB thinking, he wanted to say something, but he did not know how to say it. They were at the head of the cliff now, and if he wished to 6peak he must do so quickly. "Miss Beatrice," he said in a somewhat constrained voice, "Yes, Mr. Davies—oh, look at that Eeagull: it nearly knocked my hat of." But he was not to be put off with the seagull. " Miss Beatrice," he said again, " are you going out walking next Sunday afternoon ?" " How can I tell, Mr. Davies ? It may rain." " But if it does not rain—please tell me. You generally do walk on the beach on Sunday. Miss Beatrice, I want to speak to you. I hope you will allow me, I do indeed." Then suddenly she came to a decision. This kind of thing was unendurable; it would be better to get it over. Turning round so suddenly that Owen started she said : " If you wish to speak to me, Mr. Davies, I shall be m the AmpLitheatre, opposite the Red Rocks, at four o'clock on Sunday afternoon, but I had much rather that you did not come. I can say no more." " I shall come," he answered doggedly, and they went down the steps to the boatshed. "Oh look, daddie," said Effie, "here comes the lady who was drownded with you, and a gentleman," and to Beatrice's great relief the child ran forward and met them. "Ah!" thought Geoffrey to himself, " that is the man Honoria said she was engaged to. Well, I don't think very much of her taste." In another minute they had arrived. Geoffrey shook hands with Beatrice, and WBB introduced to Owen Davies, who murmured something in reply, and promptly took his departure. They examined the canoe together, and then walked slowly up to the Vicarage, Beatrice holding Effie by the hand. Opposite the reef they halted for a minute. "There is the Table Rock on which we were thrown, Mr. Bingham," said Beatrice, " and here is where they carried us ashore. The sea does not look as though it would drown any one to-night, does it ? See!"— and she threw a stone into it—" the ripples run as evenly as they do on a pond." She spoke idly and Geoffrey answered her idly, for neither were thinking of their words. Rather were they thinking of the strange change that had brought them together in an hour of deadly peril and now left them together in an hour of peace. Perhaps, too, they were wondering to what end this had come about. For, agnostics, atheists, or believers, are we not, most of us, fatalists at heart ? (To be continued.) 