Lenten and Easter Services. GOOD FRIDAY. ANGLICAN CHURCHES. No less than six religious services were held at St. John's Pro-cathedral, which, with short intervals between, occupied the entire day from 7.30 a.m. to 9 p.m. The congregations were fair in the morning, and were -large in the afternoon and evening. Litany and ante communion took place at 7.30 a.m,* the Bev. B. B. Wilson officiating.. At 10 a.m. there was a special service for ohildren, conducted by the Bev. J*. Stone-Wigg- There were matins at 11 o'clock, at which the Bev. B. B. Wilson and Bev. J. Stone-Wigg officiated, and the Bishop of Brisbane preaohed, his sermon being specially applicable to the day whioh was being celebrated. From noon until 3 p.m. there was a continuous service conducted by the Bev. B. B. Wilson, and this was followed by a second children's service, which was well attended as the children's service in the morning also had been. At evensong Bev. B. B. Wilson officiated and Bev. J. Stone-Wigg preaohed. At All Saints the curate, the Bev. J. Benoy, preached in the morning, and the rector, the Bev. 0. G. Robinson, in the evening, the latter taking as his text, " The Seven Last Words." Both services were fairly well attended. Morn ing and evening services were also held at St. Andrew's, South Brisbane; St. Mary's, Kangaroo Point; Christ Church, Milton; and Trinity Church, Fortitude Valley; and other churches in the suburbs. Wxs-sx-ff Chubob. Service was held in the Albert-street Wesleyan Church in the morning.. The attendance was up to the average on Good Fri days. Bev. Henry Youngman preaohed, the subject of his sermon being the words uttered by the Saviour after having been nailed to the oross. St, Steph-tn's Oatbedmmx. . The solemn offices in connection with the celebration of Good Friday's ceremonies com menced at St. Stephen's at 8 o'clock in the morning. The church was crowded. The Mass of the Presanctified was celebrated by the Bev. Father Breen, of St. Kilian's, the Bev. Father Canali being deacon, and the Bev. Father O'Shea sub- deacon. His Grace the Archbishop presided, and the Bev. Father Fouhy, administrator, acted as master of cere monies. The church was draped in black, and the vestments of the officiating clergy were of the same colour. At the appointed time the celebrant deacon and sub-deacon entered from the sacristry and prostrated them selves before the High Altar, where for a short time in this position they meditated on the sufferings and death of our Divine Lord. The altar was donuded of all its ornaments, and no candles were lighted, typifying the bereavement of the Church. A solemn stillness reigned over the vast congregation. Whilst the priests wero prostrated two acolytes covered the altar and a deacon read the prophecy, Osee, vi~, having reference to the sacrifice of the Saviour and the goodness of God. Then a tract was read and a lesson from Exodus, -ii., followed by Psalm 139\. The whole history of the Passion waa sung by three deacons, from St. John, xviii. Each deacon sang separate parts of the Gospel narrative. One took the words of our Lord, another the part of the Evangelist, and the third the part of the people, as recorded in the Gospel. When the deacon came to that part of the Gospel, " And bowing down His head, He gave up the ghost," the whole congregation knelt to meditate on the great work of man's redemption accomplished by the death ot Christ. The deacon continued the Gospel, after which the solemn prayers 'of the Church were read aloud by the celebrant. At the evening service there was present a congregation that was probably more numerous than any which has ever assembled in Bris bane. Long before the hour at whioh the ceremonies were announced every seat in the churoh was occupied, and chairs and forms had to be placed in the aisles. Even the steps of the altar had to be used as seats for all who could find room upon them. By 7 o'olook there were hundreds of persons standing in every part of the church andporches, and the sacristy was also filled. The service was conducted by the very rev. Father Alphonsus, Arohbishop Dunne presiding. EASTER SUNDAY. The festival of Easter was celebrated by special services in the Anglican and Boman Catholic Churches, and in the places of worship connected with other denominations reference was made, both in sermons and ser vices, to the great event commemorated at this season of the year. The weather was fine, and large congregations attended at all the churches both morning and evening. St. John's Piw-catitedraii. The services at St. John's Pro-cathedral were very largely attended, and both morning and evening many people were unable to find seating accommodation. The interior of the building, to mark the festal nature of the day, was beautifully decorated with flowers and ferns. The principal services, as on Christmas Day, were full choral. The musio chosen was appropriate to the occa sion, and it was rendered in an impressive manner. Holy Communion was celebrated at an early hoar in the morning, and matins corn- I menced at 10.30. This was followed by Hoi/ I Communion, the celebration of which oom ' menced at 11.15. The celebrant was the Bev. B. B. Wilson.' The introit was chosen from Gounod's "Mors et Vita," and was sung to tha words, "To God high enthroned, and to tha Lamb, be blessing, and honour, and glory, and thanksgiving, for ever and ever." The "Kyrie,,, "Credo," and " Gloria in Excelsis " were from the beautiful service of Tours in F, and tha "Benedictus" and "Agnus Dei" # front the service of that composer in 0. The hymns were those usually sung on Easter Day, and inoluded that grand old hymn, " Christ the Lord is risen to-day," which was joined in very heartily by the congregation. The sermon was preaohed by the Bight Bev.» the Bishop, who chose as his text the tenth verse of the third chapter of the Epistle to tha Philippians, " That I may know Him, and the power of His resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferings, being made conformable unto his death." Suoh, he said, was the prayer that the Apostle Paul breathed from his prison house at Borne. " That I may know Him and thepower of His.resurrection" —they would note the expression of the apostle, thepower of the resurrection. • What did we mean by the power of a fact as distinct from the fact itself?., It was not the fact itself, but the power of it that the apostle aspired to grasp. He had no manner of doubt of the great fact. Tha fact of the resirrrection was nearer to the time of Paul than that of the Crimea was to us. Paul hardly had patience with those who dis puted the fact itself in the teeth of the whole testimony whioh stood in witness of it. The Epistle to the Corinthians contained a repeti tion of the evidence which the apostle had again and again set before his hearers in attestation of the great faot of the resurrection. He reminded the Corinthians that the ap pearanoe of Christ on the morning of the resurrection was to 500 brethren at one time, the greater part of whom remained at that moment, and could have been ' cross examined by any one who wished to test the accuracy of the apostle's statements. The apostle was evidently aware oi the fact that persons v ere already doubting the reality of the resurrection, ana were looking upon it as a mere poetio ideal. Nowadays we found persons speaking in, Bceptical tones of the great faot of the resur rection of Christ. We found suoh utterances in some of our popular magazines, and somen* forms whioh he would not particularise. There was this important difference between this great faot and a mere historical occurrence, that when a man accepted the truth of tha resurrection, if he were an intelligent believer in the resurrection it constituted a distinct demand npon his own life. What was the import of the resurrection? Who was it who rose from the grave? It was the Son of Man, who they should remember took upon him oar human nature. When He was lying in the grave it waa humanity lying there. When He rose it waa humanity which rose from the tomb; it was humanity raised up and made to sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus first fruita of. them that slept. From thai, arose the question of the contribution it laid upon human will and human life. Like af Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father even so should we also walk in newness of life. The same power whioh raised Ciirist from the dead would raise the souls of men from the dead. That was the power of the faot whioh the apostle desired to realise more and more. And was it not so in the corporate life of the Church, for without that power were all men dead and gone; save it all men were corpses in their utter lifeless ness. In that new life we should find souls whioh had been Bpotted in sin, and bound and tied in its chains, were set free, and enabled to live a life worthy of that humanity whioh the Eternal Son made saored by taking upon himself. That was the power of the resurrection and the truest living witness of the Christ sent into the world. In the con sciousness of that power men living vile lives ceased to do evil, and selfishness gave plaoe to generosity and disinterestedness. In that they saw what the apostle meant when he wanted to know more of the power of the resurrection. He (the preacher) hoped that would'be the earnest aspiration of all, and that it would be their heartfelt prayer to know Christ and the power of his resurrection. At evensong the Magnificat and Nana Dimittis were taken from Stainer in B flat. The anthem was "Blessed be the God and Father." In the afternoon there was a speoial service for children, whioh was well attended- St. Stephen's Oath-dbax. Three services were held in St. Stephen's Cathedral on Sunday—at 7 and 11 o'clock in the morning and at 7 o'clock in the evening. The church was appropriately decorated, and very large congregations attended each service. The very rev. Father Alphonsus preached in the evening, selecting his text from the Epistle to the Ephesians, vi., 11th to lGth verses. In the oourse of his remarks he said that of all things that existed in this world the life of man was of supreme importance, for upon that life an awful destiny depended. Man's life on earth was a warfare. Where ever they looked there was evidences of this struggle going on. It was to be seen in the bustling multitude that thronged the streets, in the warehouses, in the atmosphere of factories, in the offices, in the drudgery of mines, and in the lonely bush. To help man to engage in this struggle there was called into service all the power that science oould command. _ Stand ing armies and great fleets were maintained to protect the interest of nations. Bailways ploughed up the face of the earth, and even ths eleotrio current was called into requisition to assist man in his struggles. But there waa another life in man more real, more lasting, and nobler than all—-the life of the soul; the life everlasting, which each one of them might enjoy. This life requires no standing armies to protect it, for God and his angels watched over it. The apostle in the epistle from which the text was taken warned them that their struggle was not against flesh and blood, and they should therefore put on the " armour of God." The soldier waa not to be- estimated merely by his costume, nor was the Christian to be known by his outward appearance. A general of an army before attacking a city would endeavour to find out its weakest points, so also the enemy of the salvation of mankind studied the weak points of the human heart before he tried to lead that heart astray. Although Christ had conquered the devil and limited his power, !et he was permitted by God to try mankind, 'he devil attaoked men in a variety of ways: Sometimes by tempting them to go into sinful places, where they were sure to be ruined; by .'enticing them to read vioious literature, or to form evil companionships. The preacher counselled his hearers to betake themselves to E,yer, and if they found that they bad no te for such devotion they must be spiritually siok. He also urged upon the faithful the necessity of their attendance at the holy cele bration of the Mass, and declared that the Mass was the living power that had sustained the Churoh during the last 2000 years. The zev. father farther advised his hearers to read good books, and spoke of the great respon sibility whioh rested upon them in training np their children in the fear of the Lord. Speoial musio was sung by the choir at the various services during the day. Wickhajc-tbbbaci Pvbsbttbbian Church. The Wiokbam- terrace Presbyterian Church was beautifully decorated with flowers, and ferns, ana wreaths. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan conduoted four services in presence of large congregations. The address In the morning was to the Fellowship Associa tion on the subject of "Unity as distinguished from Uniformity." At the regular morning service Mr. Buchanan dealt with the subject of "Evanescent Emotions;" and in the afternoon a lecture, illustrated by blackboard analysis, on fits "Great Counsellor" was delivered. Tbe ready responses of the children proved how xnuoh more effective teaohing is when addressed' to the intellect and heart through the eye rather than the ear. The children also readily recited the ohief points of the blackboard lesson given more than six months ago, thos showing that instruction given in this way impresses itself permanently on the memory. At the evening service a congregation whioh completely filled the building listened to an Easter sermon on the "Resurrection of Christ." The following is a resume:—The text was taken from taken from I. Cor., xv., 30: " But now is Christ risen from the dead." The resurrection of Christ, Mr. Buchanan said, was a subject to whioh Paul gave great frrominenoe in his preaching, and this he did fearlessly in the presence of friends and foes. When in Athens, and without sympathy, and making his famous speech on Mars Hill, he seemed to have the attention of the multitude until he spoke of Jeens and the resurrection, and immediately there was an uproar; but this did not cause him to cease preaching this doctrine, whioh he regarded as the central stronghold of Christian faith. He assured the Corinthians that if Jesus be not raised from the dead then is both preaching and faith vain, and the world is in hopeless misery. And this, too, has been the belief of infidels and soepties in all ages of the Christian era. At this point the attaok has beenfleroe and persistent, beoause it is the citadel of Christianity. To destroy the central truth of Christianity would be to make life a helpless Journey through nothingness to the eternal larkneßß of the grave. All this scepticism would do for us, and then mock us in our anguish. Living Christianity comes to us with a risen Lord, and the appearance is as a dove for affection and grace. The pity is that we must also see the vulture, with greedy eyes, hooked talons, and thorny beak, waiting to destroy. Through faith in the resurrection of Christ we have the assurance of immortality. With the " All hail" of Jesus on the resurrec tion morn, humanity found light and joy amid the darkness and sadness of earth. The battle has been fought and the victory won for us, and we are forever free from the law of sin and death. The question of the existence of a new world was forever settled when Columbus sailed westward into the dim unknown and re turned with the tidings of disoovery. The Seatest of all questions, that about a future e was forever settled when Christ returned from the grave, proclaiming to as that We shall into new existence spring, Freed from tbe fetters of this cumbering clay} From the dim portals of the silent tomb Wo shall triumphant rise and soar away, Leaving the darkness of the land of gloom For the bright sunshine of an endless day. Wharf-strbbt Baptist Church. At the Wharf-street Baptist Church the Rev. W. Whale preached to a orowded congregation in the morning, taking for his text Matthew, xxviii. 6, " Come see the place where the Lord lay." The Easter anthem, " Christ being raised from the dead," was very effectively rendered by the choir, and during the collec tion the organist (Mr. Dingle) played the "Hallelujah Chorus. 1' At the evening service the Rev. T. Breewood, of Townsville, delivered a discourse on " Good Man, God Man, Bad Man," taking for his text Luke, xxiii., 89-43. In this he piotured the crucifixion scene and pointed out that the malefactor who railed at Christ on the left hand represented the bad man, the pern tent thief on the right the good man, and Christ in the centre the God man. Wharf-street Cotjoreoationai, Church. Large congregations were present at the morning and evening services in the Wharf street Congregational Church. The Bev. Wm, Scott preached at both services, the Subject of his address in the morning being "The Atonement," and in the evening the parable of the Prodigal Son. The' latter sermon was especially intended for yonng men, a large number of whom wore present. Wesleyan Church, Albert-street. The Rev. W. H. Rogers preached his fare well Bermon in the Wesleyan Churoh, Albert street, last Sunday night. The congregation was a very large one, and the sermon was listened to with marked attention. The preacher took for his text the Ist Epistle of John, iii., 2, " Beloved now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be; but we know that when He shall appear wo shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is." P-_UBTTEBIAN CHURCH, LnCHHABDT-STBXBT. The Rev. W. Osborne Lilley ocoupied the pulpit of the Presbyterian Churoh, Leiohhardt street, on Sunday morning. He preaohed an eloquent sermon on the " Fatherhood of God," basing his remarks on the 16th verse of the 63rd ohapter of Isiah, "Doubtless Thou art our Father." The sermon was attentively listened to. In the evening the Rev. J. F. M'Swaine, pastor of the ohuroh, conduoted the servioe and preached the sermon, taking for his text, " Jesus Christ, the first-born from the dead." ' All Saints. Many willing workers gave their best efforts to the adornment of All Saints Churoh, and the result was a completed work whioh certainly equalled all previous efforts, for the doorations were both profuse and artistic. The early cele brations at 7 and 8 o'clock were well attended. The rector celebrated, the Rev. J. Burke Peel, of St. Peters, West End, acting as deacon. At the 11 o'clock servioe every seat in the church was occupied. The rector said matins, preached and celebrated, the lessons being read by the curate, the Rev. J. Benoy, who also assisted in the administration of the Holy Communion. The Rev. C. G. Robinson, rector, preaohed from the text," His glorious body." Stainer-8 anthem, "Theyhave taken away my Lord," was sung as an offertorium. The Kyrie, Creed, Sanotas, and Agnus Dei were from Cruikshank's service in E flat. The musio was well and carefully sang by a full ohoir. Mr. W. G. Willmore, accompanied with his usual taste and ability. The largest number of communicants attented at this ser vioe. At evensong the eantioles were sang to Stainer's well-known stately setting in B flat, and the Fugal Gloria was sung with great steadiness. The anthem was "Break forth into Joy" (Barnby) a short festal composition wbich leads into a verse of tbe well- known Easter hymn.' The rector again preaohed from St. Luke, xxiv., 8, "And they remembered His words." " Major" Wright, who is now making a fare well progress through Southern Queensland, addressed two very crowded and enthusiastic meetings in the Centennial Hall on Mon day. A great number of the "Major's" old friends were present, and the meetings were attended with satisfactory resnlts, many persons coming forward to the penitent form at the close of eaoh gathering. " Major" Wright sails for London in the Orient steamer Austral on the 26th instant. 