I SOME INDIAN SUPERSTITIONS. "Temtlf. Bar." JLhe natives of India have many curious be liefs and superstitions, some of which are es sentially Oriental in their nature, others common to many nations and shared by our selves only a few centuries ago. One day an English magistrate was paying a visit to a Hindu gentleman who was-ui old friend of his, in the course of which, lie happened to yawn:-to Ins astonishment up jumped ithe Jtijali as if galvanised, and began furiously snapping his fingers in startling proximity to his face. Observing his visitor's look of un feigned surprise he explained that this was done to a aire away the devils who might have otherwise seized the opportunity to jump down his throat. How strange it seems to us, this practical belief in devils, and fear of them, combined with so insultingly low! an idea of their intelligence and power ! I once heard, however, an old instance of the same fear and yet contempt for unseen powers shown by an English lady in the beginning of this century— a Bishop's wife, too !—who was afraid of ghosts, and if left alone in the house would whistle as she walked through the passages at night in order that the ghosts might take her for a man. The Scriptural belief in possession by a devil is held to this day by the natives of India, and very recently a case came before an English magistrate in Bengal in which a Brahmin was charged with having caused the death of a lad by his attempts to exorcise an evil spirit. The boy had been made to lie on his back, in the presence of his parents and other sympathis ing relatives, while the priest danced on his chest, calling 011 the name of his god,'? 0 Baal, hear But whether the .god was sleeping, or whether the devil in. departing took witli him the boy's own spirit, cannot be known. The boy died, and the civil surgeon, knowing nothing of the neture of exorcism, reported that he had died from in juries caused by the priest. Like ' the Russians at the present day, the Hindus think it brings a person ill luck to be openly admired or praised, and if you should praise, or even look too admiringly at a child, the mother will hastly withdraw it from notice, and either beat it or say something dispara ging of it in order to counteract your ill omened admiration and avert the jealousy of tlie gods. The belief in some form of ordeal for prov ing the guilt or innocence of an accused per son is another of the traditions of the past which we westerns have outgrown and cast aside, but which still forms part of the practical belief of the people in India. Of this I remember an instance occurring .within my own experience, on the occasion of a robbery having been committed in my house when the police summoned the whole of my servants to the police station in order that each one might separately and solemnly be put to the test. Tt was a droll sight to see the procession setting forth on this mission, headed by the magnificent Khansama and the imperious bearer, and tailing off through minor dignitaries down to the indifferently clothed coolies who brought up the rear. The ordeal is conducted by a Mahommedan priest who mutters certain mysterious in vocations over the Koran, which is then pro nounced to have the power of pointing out the guilty person by opening miraculously at a condemnatory passage when touched by liini. A factor in this experiment, doubtless much, even if unconsciously, relied upon for bringing it to a successful issue, is the power of superstitious fear over the con science of the guilty person. To most natures the idea of being discovered in this supernatural and awful manner is so terrible that the culprit rather than risk it will make voluntary confession, and so deprecate the heavier anger of the gods reserved for those who defy them. On this occasion the Koran unhesitatingly pointed out one of the ser vants as the Ihief. Whether he was inno cent, as he maintained, or merely unimpres sionable and hard of heart as we hatl ; much reason for believing, I cannot say—but con fess he would not, and living as we do in the nineteenth century, he could not be im prisoned on the sole testimony, however conclusive, of the Koran, nor, owing to the modern prejudice.there exists against apply ing torture, could he be made to confess. The conditions which made trial by ordeal so generally successful in the Ages of Faith are altogether wanting in the present sceptical and scrupulous generation. The reproach of scepticism cannot however he applied to the Hindustanis. Their powers of belief are childlike. I was once taken to sec a miraculous spring that had suddenly appeared in a dry and barren spot, and was bringing in much wealth to the Fakir who had appointed himself its guardian. It was ! very small—scarcely to be discerned until pointed out—and I of little faith even thought in secret that it could be produced by the holy man's pouring in water every night. But small as was the hole hs sucked thereout 110 small advantage, for the people's faith is large and crowds of pious persons made pilgrimages to the. divinely favoured spot. Curious instances might be collected from the records of Indian law courts illus trative of the old-world beliefs of the people, which are brought at times into such strange collision with the legal forms of procedure established by our modern lawyers. A man" was once being tried for murder when he put forward a plea such as could only have occurred' to au Oriental and to a believer in the transmigration of souls. He did not deny having killed the roan—on the con trary he described in detail the particulars of -the- murder—but he stated in justification that his victim and he had been acquainted in a previous state of existence, when the now murdered man had murdered him, in proof of which he allowed a great seam across his side which had been' the sword:cut that, had ended his previous existence. He further said that when he heard hewasairain to be sent into the world he entrusted his master to excuse him from coming, as he had a presentiment that he should meet the murderer and that harm wouldcome of it. All this he stated in perfect earnestness and simplicity, and with evident conviction of its truth and force—a conviction shared by a large number of those jn cpurt.' '' ' ' Trial by jury is attended witfi pecular difficulties in India, an instance of which I remember as having occurred. In that case r»lsi) a man was on his trial for the murder of another. Ife had been caught red-handed and there was 119 possible room for doubt in the matter, ihe murdered man had suc cumbed almost immediately to his wound, living only ' long enough, after being dis covered, to ask for some water to drink. Some surprise was felt at the time taken liy the jury in considering tlieir verdict, .but jyhen at length they returned and recorded it the astonishment of all in court was un bounded \yh»pr it proved to be one of " Not Guilty." So extraordinary a yerdict could not pass unchallenged, and the judge in quired bjT what process of reasoning they had arrived at their decision: if tlji} accused had not fu_nrdafn4 the man, whq" had ? " Your Lordship; sye qre of opipjon that the injuries were not the cause of tjje jijan's death. It has been proved that hp drank water shortly before iii« death, and we are of opinion that it was drinking the water that killed him." Tho explanation of this remarkable verdict—the more remarkable when it is remembered that the men who brought it in never drank anything but water themselves—was that on the jury was a liigli-caste Brahmin, to whom the very idea of being party to taking away a man's life was so abhorrent that no earthly persuasion could have induced him to agree to a verdict that would have hung the prisoner—and the earnestness of his horror had exercised an iijftifciice .oyer the vest of the jury so power ful as to Jijaie them return the verdict which so staggerer,! .the court. In India alone can ' he sgen the strange spectacle of such different phases uf civilisa tion—the civilisation of Queen Vashti mid the civilisation of Queen Victoria—meeting and existing ijfle by side. In most countries the present conditio;; of the people and of their form of government in WicjJo"" outcome of .centuries of growth, and the ilower aii4 tho fruit cannot be seen at one and the same time—the child has'not been expected to possess at a bound'the experience of a man. But m India tne fussy European civilisation of the nineteenth century, with its complu .cated r«:)d artificial system of juries and Councii_. legal precedents find legal evidence, and its latest tioflreiy fpizes on every mat ter under the sun, is brought jr/to direct con tact .vith a people who )ii}ow nothing of theories, and whose habits and beliefs aro little, if in any degree, changed from what tjjey were in the days of Daniel. It is surely small ponder that the contrasts resulting from so' unatura^ a state of things should bo often as pathetic as tliey ,f.rc strange. 