Story Column. THE HAM) OF DESTINY, on Tzzss Mystcrions Tenant of Franeton Holme. Br HENRY FRITH, Author of " Tho Mystery of Moor Farm," "Tho Skeleton Cupbenrd," " Tho Black Shaft," " Hor Bead Imago, &c.; The Brisbane rights of this tale havo hcen pur chased by the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Cassoll and Company, Chapter XXVI. — What Happened nr the uavkrn cx the moor. The detective was using considerable force to keep Fenrington qniot while he was spe ik ing, and as he had to prevent the esospe of RuiBton hiB work was by no metlns easy. Ho was very much afraid that the aocasod would got away, but Ralston made no attempt to escape, He appeared quite uitoonoarned,Bav9 for Mies Aloroft's sake. Meanwhile the almost maddened man on the ground — Victor Penringtou— had been vainly struggling to escape. But pinned down by tho detcotive ho was secured by the dOetor, who was able to perceive his condition and to estimate its probable results. The females still remained at tho hack of tho oavern, less frightened now, hat still in ouusidorable per plexity and feeling terribly norvous. Miss Aloroft was bb pale as a ghost. Mrs. Mack- wrath was composed, bnt silent, having, as it seemed, made up her mind that eome what might, she could not help it now. Meanwhile Fenrington waB peaured with a cord, and his ankles tied with a handkerchief. Bark as it was, though the moon gavo a good light at timos, Miss Hamilton had blushed vividly when she heard the doctor address hor by her proper name. Miss Aloroft and Mrs. Meokwratn had both stared at him, and then at her, hut tho 6vents that immediately claimed their attention put the incident temporarily away. from their minds. Thoy did not rooall the (footer's remark rstil afterwards. Jones at onco perceived that ho had beonvery indisoreet. Ho suddenly recollected that it was for Mis9 Germaine's sake that Ciptain Coma- tree had been annoyed with bitn, that Constanoe had been suddenly sent away from the conrt by lady Farkbam, and that Comstreo's last words ) i d had reference to his mothor and Miss Goc- maino. Thero wero sad tidings to be com municated to the young lady whoso lately affianced husband — at any rate, the man to whom ebo had pledged herself in love— wus lying dead, stabbed, within half a mile on tha open moorland, his pallid faco ghastly in tho struggling moonlight. Tho situation required all Jones's nerve and coolness to deal with it. Ho Was tacitly looked to for guidance and orders. Tho policeman was still wutcbing Ralston, who made no resist ance against the induction of his wrists into the ready handcuffs, anil this docility oonfirmed the detective in his opinion that Ralston was the criminal, and that he hid at lougtli perceived tho Urolesencea of resistance and fight. But Mrs. Mackwrath certainly puzzled him. She scorned to appeal both by words and g< a- turcs to the criminal not to confess. Br. Jones overheard her whisper to Ralston. " Mind what you aro about. You will oaly get everyone iuto trouble. Hold your tongue — say nothing ; thoy can prove nothing." The doctor being a shrewd man, and having had some experience of MrB. Mackwrath before, immediately came to the conclusion that she had pome scheme i» view wherowith she hoped to defeat the ends of justice, and release Ral ston. He, therefore, communicated his snaps, oiens to the detective. " Keep your eyes upon that elderly woman," he Baid ; " she has something in roserve yet. I oan't tell why, or what it is, but I suspeot hor." Then having done his duty, Br. Jones had to make arrangements for the ladies' comfort as well as he could under the oiroumstanees. "MisB Aloroft, I believe," he said, address ing that young lady. " May I introduce my self ? My name is Jones, a medioal man. I havo lately been residing at tho conrt. Perhaps you may have heard " He stopped suddenly. To bring in the name of Conistsee would be sufficient to alarm the ladits,for explanations mast then inevitably ensue. So ho turned to Miss Hamilton and said : " Yon are a friend of Miss Aloroft's, madam, I believe." ' Yes," murmured the yonng lady, who did not in the least understand whether the doctor was going to claim acquaintance or not. ".Then," continued Joues. "I may ask Miss Alcroft, in your presence, how those accidents have come to pass, and consult with you how we may arrauge for the disposal of tho prisoners." " The prisoners !" exclaimed Miss Aloroft, whose toneu expressed the greatest anxiety. " Only one prisoner, you mean." The anxiety in her manner did not escape the doctor, eo he replied cautiously : "The prisoner, I should have said. Mr. Fenrington appears to mo to he an irre sponsible person in these fits of rage. Now we havo to atrange for your and their removal. James," he continued, "yon sro armed with legal authority. Suppose you and Ralston > eturn as qnickly as may be to Twyleigh and fetoh assistance — for you kno# whom yonder," he whispered. Thou, raising his voice, be continued : "Mrs. Mackwrath, whom I have mot before, and these young ladies will remain here till morning. Mrs. Mackwrath will, 1 am sure, assist me to nurse this unfortunate man. She has had some experience in that line already !" The dootor uttered the last sentonoe with meaning, and looked steadily at the woman, whose features wore an expression of defianoe — an expression which, could the dootor have perceived it, would have oonfirmed him in his distrust. She knew — she felt — his gaze was fixed upon her, and she also felt a eurioun sensation of horror, as aho glanocd down at Fenrington, who lay tossing and moaning on the ground, occasionally giving way to a paroxysm uS impotent rage — aetuullv foaming at- the mouth, and behaving in all respects like a madman. _ Phyllis kept as far away from hrm as pos sible, and MisB Hamilton, when the dootor had turned away te consult with the detective, whispered to her : Are you afraid of him, Phyllis ?" " Afraid of whum?" she asked. " Of Mr. Fenriogton. What is the matter P What has he done that you avoid him so ? In your oaso, dear, you should soolho and assist him." " Oh, Mary," oried tho unhappy girl, " you don't know what I have gone through. I dare not tsll you what has happened. Mc. Pon- rington io a madman ! He is hopelessly, raving mad. If you .had setn him in the dogoart — lashing the poor animal — my own dear liitlo horse that nnclo gave mo ! When I attempted to oheok him he deolared he would murder ma, and then I screamed, and Captain Oonistreo came to my assistance." "Captain Oouiatree!" exolaimed Miss Hamilton coldly and suspiciously. " Then you . had acquainted him with your intondod journey f" " I assure you not. How it happened that he ctune on the scene I do not know. Oh, it was terrible ! The horso could not move in the rat, bnt he (indiontiug Fonrington) lashod it until itkiokedtho oart nearly to pieoes. I leaped out, then Oaptain Oonistreo oame np suddenly and out the traceB Immediately he attaoked him with a swords tiolr. Oh, I oan't tell you anymore." f'Gb'oh, said Mise Hamilton, hoarsely — a deadly fear oppressed her. Although in hor inmost heart she despisod the oaptain for his fickleness and had determined never to marry , him, she oonid not help foeling anxious about him. Bat Miss Aloroft had buried her fooe in her hands and waa sobbing loudly. She could give no answer to her friend. No other sound broke the Bilenoe. _ Mrs. Mackwrath had aharge of Iter patient in the opon air, (or ho was ealmer when with hor ai'-tt, and beyond the presenoe of Phyllis, to whom ho had, in vain continually appealed. But she oonoeived nuoh n horror of him that his cries did not affeot her. " Phyllis,'' said Mies Hamilton, in. her friend's ear. " Phyllis, . yoa must tell me, where is Oaptain Oonistreo f" ...... \- Bat HIbb Aloroft made no reply. 'Her'-sohs' were the only, answer qxcepta sad shake of. her head..,".' . . 1. ' : . "Bo, yon hear, Phyllis?" said her friend. " If yon do not tell me, I wilt leave you alone here in tho o vera, and sbaroh for myself. Why does ho not oome ?"- " On, don't leave mo, Mary, I am wrotohed nnd miserable. You oannot toll hew this terrible business has affeoted me Mary, dear Mary, Oaptain CoUiateco oan't bo anything to yon. He is a perfect stranger. Don't leave me or I shall go mad, too." A perfect stranger ! Miss Hamilton was 1 silent Oaptain Conistreo a stranger to her ! The man who had kissed her, whom she had : embraocd, whoso arm had cuoiroled her waist many a timo ; the man who had promised to love her and her only ; the man who at hie ambitions mother's bidding had put her away out of his heart, and made advauoeB to another. This man who hnd written her the most itffoo- tionate tetters, of which alio know every word ! The man she had worshipped, who had been her idol, and for whoso sake she had nearly ooneentod to leave home, so trusting hod she been. This man a stranger to her ! Yes, a stranger for evermore! Phyllis did not know, Constance did not guess, but Oap- taiu Conistrce was henceforth to both of them " nothing but a memory — a painful, saddened Hbapes- a phantom in their memories. to uk continued to-horeow. 