DEPARTURE OF THIS REV. W. CHARLES PRITOHARD. I By this morning's train the Rev. W. Charles Pritchard, who has held the position of in cumbent of S. Paul's Church, Hay, left for Melbourne en route for Geelong. On Friday next he will be inducted to the charge of S. Paul's Church at that place. Mr. Pritchard's connection with the Church of England at Hay has boen marked by a period of great activity, the rev. gentleman proving himself in all departmonts of Church work to be possessed of unbounded energy and deop sincerity. His departure will be greatly felt by his late congregation. A few months ago, on the occasion of his marriage, Mr. Pritchard was the recipient from his congregation of a substantial testimony of the esteem in which they held him, and tho nearness of that event to his departure is of course the reason of no further demonstration. Ho will have the knowledge, however, that he will be followed to his new and higher sphere ot mjik by the best wishes of the members of the Hay Church. Mr. Pritchard preached his farewell sermons on Sunday last. In the evening, to a very large congregation, Mr Pritchard preached from Phillipianf, i chapter, 27 v., ' With one xnincl striving together for the faith of tbe gospel.' The faith of the gospel, the preacher said, was a common aid, and as such was a bond of unity. St. Paul had exhorted the Phillipians to continue in that holy fellowship, so that, present or absent, there should always be a bond between them. Common work was certainly a motive to fel lowship. Guilds and associations of workmen h%d always been strong factors in national life, and to-day they saw the operations those associations carried to an unlimited extent. In so far as those organisations raised the ?tandard of excellence of the workers and were conducted in accordance with principles of justiee and progress they were good things — the danger of them being the dominant power of self-interest. That power Christians must also remember. - What made tbe faith of the gospel a bond ofuuity between them ? Not tbat each was concerned in saving his own soul, To put that purpose first might prove , hardly less disastrous to. Christian fellowship : than worldly selfishness to.business coopera ! tiOD. Between true workmen there was a bond of oharity. Each rejoiced in tbe excel lence of tho other's work, for the progress of his trade and not individual success was his object. And so in the Christian world, they should rejoice in each other's success. There should be no puffing up, but neither should there be envy because one individual was cast for a nobler service than another. It wae most important to remember that the faith ot the fORna! for which thoy strove was iiw w«c sentiment, no vague, shadowy 'collection of generalities. no mere abstract statements of doctrine. It was the truth tba£* the Lord Jesus Christ was their Saviour, revealing that God was their Father, and saving tbem through the Holy Ghost. Tbat was the faith, and nothing less thau that, that tbe Church of Christ was bound to witness and maintain. Why was that faith such a powerful ally to diligeot service ? Consider what it meant. It meant that they were ever guided in their work by the truths of that f»ith. They should endeavour to mako their belief in Jesus Christ not only a subject of sentiment, but a motive for a life of love. There would be more unity if . there were moro mutual intercession ; if the duty of praying for each other, their parish, their church, their nation, wore more regarded ; if a condition of the extension of tho number of their friendships was a leagth ening of their' prayers ; if tho evidence of human misery daily before them were made tho occasion of fervent prayer for their fallen and snfforing brothers. » And here he would ask them for their continued interest and in. creased support for thoir parochial organisa tioab and societies. The Bishop had told him that his successor was anxious to further the interests of all of those institutions; and it would be bis (tbe preacher's) pleasure to hear that the ceal of his people was devoted to the encouragement of the new incumbent.^ Then, since the faith of that gospel was their ally, it was surely their duty to nphold that faith to the fullest of their power. In standing out for the old truths they were no$ opposing progress. Thoy were aiding the true brotherhood of man by insisting on those great facts of the Christian creed, which are the root and sources of the gospel of love. When friends were called upon to part they were apt to comfort each otber by references to things that would still continue to be a bond of unity between them— a prospective meeting or a promise to write. It was the recognition that transient glimpses had to take the place of the all familiar intercourse that gave the sadness to parting. But if in the Christian life, whether present or absent from each other, they still with one soul strove with tbe faith of the gospel, they would find true comfort in the separation. Aod, further, the fellowship of diligent service was a freemasonry that bound people together in a world-wide union. They recognised members of their common craft, and they were filled with comfort when they knew - that they need never be amongst strangers in their conmon work. And so, though the act of saying good bye be hard, it was the oceasion of bringing into view their union with Christ, of the fact that their common labours were pledges of mutual rsmembranee. It was that which was their comfort, too. in tbe bitterest partiogs when friends were taken from them altogether. They bad sung that night the beautiful hymn, 'Lead kindly Light.' They knew that the author of that hymn was John Henry New man. Though he died a priest and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, yet their Christian charity must not fail to acknowledge that he was a man of saintly character; and though he joined the Roman Catholic GJmroh he was the meane of much blessing to their own church. SooA of them would know the verses written by a Presbyterian divine, one of which ran :— Only good night, beloved, not farewell ; A little while and all His saints shall dwell In hallowed anion indivisible:— / Good night. In this spirit let them view all occasions of partiog; for all those who labored together ior Christ's glory should feel bound together in his service, and if they waited upon him in different spheres of labonr there was nothing, as they parted, of the sadness of a last fare well, It was only ' good-bye for the present.' If God be with them and be their life-loug guide, He woutd surely bring them thereafter to His presence where partiog was unknown. It was only 11 good bye for the present.' But for that present ' in our common frith in our Blessed Saviour, in our mutual resolution to labour for God's glory, aud our hope of the inheritance of His everlasting kingdom,' he (the preacher) would say 'Good-bye.'1 