WIT AND HUMOUR. A Shade of doubt—The Ghost. Good House for Light Opera—The Cork Theatre. Invariably seasonable—Salt, mus tard, pepper, vinegar. Both sides grateful.—Pharisee: I thank God £ am not as other men. Publican: And so do they. A watch and clock company having failed, one of the creditors remarked that " they would have an awful time winding up their business." Mollie: I wonder how the expression " an arm of the sea" originated ? Harry, with a tender look: Perhaps somebody noticed it bugged the shore. Old Brown : So young man, you want to marry my daughter ? Don't you rely upon your father for support? Young Jones: Yes, but he won't stand it any longer. Second Class ?—Maud: When I'm dead, you won't love your second wife so much as you do me, will you. John ? John : Indeed I won't. I am going to marry my second wife for money. " Heroine" is perhaps as peculiar a word as any in our language. The first two letters* n it aremale, the first three female, the first four a brave man, and the whole a brave woman. "Mr. Bunting/' said the doctor, after an examination, " I fear your wife's mind is gone." " That doesn't surprise me," said the poor man, "she has been giving me a piece of it every day for seven years." " I have this evening been preach ing to a congregation of idiots/' said a conceited young parson. '* Then waB that the reason you always called them 'beloved brethren'?" asked a strong-minded young woman. "I don't believe papa sent this tele gram at all," said Mrs. Snaggs, after carefully scrutinising one just re ceived* " Why not?" asked her husband, " Don't I know my own papa's handwriting? This doesn't look a bit like it." Borrowit (in Chinese laundry in San Francisco) ; Why do you Bay Fli-day, John, when you mean Friday? I Chinaman : I say Fli day 'cause £ I mean Fli-day—not like Mexican man, ! who slay Fli-day and come to pay me I week after next I [ Miss de Smith : Our engagement I is broken from this -moment, Mr. Roberts. Mr. Roberts: Why, I've done nothing, have I? Miss de Smith: Tou have. You promised to teach me lawn tennis, and the first thing you do is to call me " Thirty, love I" and I'm not a day over seven teen, and you know it. A poor trait in his character.—• Edwin: Angelina, dear, listen to this. The Qhbe says that a Swiss doctor living at Zurich has proved that wives grow very much like their husbands. Angelina: Edwin L If that is true our engagement is off. Mr. Edwin Smith, I can never be more than a sister to you I A miller had his neighbour arrested upon, the charge of stealing wheat from his mill but being unable to sub stantiate the charge by proof, the Court adjudged that the miller should make an apology to the accused. " W^ell," says he, " I have had you arrested for stealing my wheat. I can't prove it,, and am sorry for it." " Papa," said the young mother, "I've decided on a name for the baby; we will call her Imogene." Papa was lost in thought for a few minutes he did not like the- name, but if he opposed it his wife would have her own way. " That's nice,." Baid he presently. " My first sweetheart Was named Imogene,aud she will take it as a compliment." " We will call her Mary after her- mother,!' was the stern reply. Nine hundred years have now elapsed since the last failure of a bank was recorded in China. During the reign of the Emperor lli. Dung an edict was published enacting that in case ot a similar failure the heads ot the chairman, cashier,, and the directors should be cut off and piled up along with the assets. This edict ha2 never been revoked,, and the capital of Chinese banks has ever since been above par and beyond suspicion. 