Jottings at the Proprietary Banquet« v : 1 I [BY A FLASHING-EYED REOVOHJTIOMÍST.] Sir Henry Parkes says thats certain person connécted with the BABBIEK MINHB is a floshing-eyedrevolutionist; Think of that now. A Kiama ghost joke. - - ; . ¿ ." Sir. Henry : Parkes says .that ' he has arrived at a time of life when praise, .hate»; scorn, contempt, adulation, and malice' are alike indifferent to him. Editor? Webb, Ellis, and Archibald had thóughÉ otherwise. . / < . <; Ï T Sir Henry Parkes says that the'railway from Broken Hill to Sydney is not- a : promise but. a certainty.,. So ho said of ;the bridge across. Sydney, harbor bo j Ski Leonards. Silt was his excuse then. ? 'People wonder what excuse will fit here.. ? Sir Henry Parkes says ' that ! he | iâ ípléased to see that we have some "good society " in Broken Hill; This is' richi.f People having a knowledge . of . the' ancestors of Parkes and his little Redfern" connubial fdvxpaj.will be. pleased-, to . receive thia. Premier's assurances that tee' have "good society." Sir Henry Parkes . eáys. that' . hipj greatestand dearest oojóctiM'lÚéis^e^ After this, his greatest and deafest wish" is to federate the colonies. ' People in the "know "know well enough that Parkes," opposed-federation a few" ye"tó that only two weeks after delivering his fat, federation oration in Melbourne hflj went .back/to -,Sydnoy and wrote a silly official note to -Melbourne forbidding Victorians to use .the waters, off the * Murray, the boundary river between Heit J South;. Wales and;.the big protectionist., colony. He: remained deaf . to. reason; ¿ and forgot that the waters of the-Murray are mainly derived from affluents which have their source far in on Victorian territory.. And yet people tolerate him.,, : Sir Henry Parkes'says that' He is la freetrader and a loyalist. . Yet : as\;a freetrader he- poll-taxed the mongrel Chinaman to the tune'of a'century of pounds, and as a loyalist said that he would not admit Chinese to Hew South Wales " in spite of her Majesty's treaties, her Majesty's ships in port,. or ] :hot Majesty's representative on the spotV" Sir Henry Parkes says that he has been 35 years in Parliament. Granted! Dur ing that term he has blown hot ; and cold with every breath.-..He has been an earnest protectionist, and - a ; bigoted and t unreasonable freetrader. He bas been anf anti-loyalist and a grovelling loyalist, : (Witness his Treason- Felony Bill, when he made it a criminal matter to ref uso : to,. drink the Queen's health.) He has been, a bitter anti-federationist, and a seem iugly: earnest federationiat He; bas been an anti-Imperialist, . and a, willing Imperialist ? Io ¿act Sir Henry Parkes has been a slippery poli- tician right through. He has overcome many difficulties during his Parliamentary career, except the eighth letter of the alphabet, and is no better off'than -whetf j he started. Sir Henry Parkes is not great j because of greatness, but because people wlw j ore not great think himso. Sir Henry Parkes says that adversé1' I newspapercriticism only serves to draw his friends more closely around him. ' Doubt-) less. Aman is judged by his friends,p though we very much doubt whether the. 5 distinguished statesmen, who poses «as tan Australian Gladstone, would - like pub- lished a second edition of the famous 'charges made against bimby Webb, whom ' he prosecuted criminally, with the result that the defendant got off "because'the chargés were practically proven true. '." j¡ Sir Henry Parkes says that the Press w * a {great! institution. So it is. 'The'1 Eúipire was an early Sydney '' newspaper^: and many could a round unvarnished tah), deliver of various .little ma^rs. cön-i; nected with that journal ari*"/ with Parkes as the proprietor. Sir Henry, Parkes says that- be doubts whether any great man in the world is a protectionist. Well, to keep at home, it might.be mentioned that.the late Sir¿, Jakes Martin, Chief Justice" bf New South Wales, statesman, litterateur, journalist, and soholar, was a pro- tectionist. But Martin -was allied by blood to poor Dalley against whom Sir H.P. had the: greatest hatred ; for. the Right Hon. W. Bede told the G.O M. ' pretty plainly what he thought of him, when he (Parkes) at one time " Went up King-street." . . Sir Henry Parkes says that it is un- likely that he trill ever own mining scrip.- :; Very unlikely. He once owned (?) the Montpelier estate. St, Leonards andiound that the "Real Property Act" and poor M'Namara were quite enough for a life- time, more especially ta thé Sunday JÇiwa,, (Sydney) exposed the entire husmess^udfi , as its reward had prosecuted bf$nmé$\i lickspittles the unfortunate men who e&rned; their bare living by selling theo j papers. :.. JJA ¡ Sir Henry Parkes says that he : is ¡par- T ticularly fond of the ladies. He has reason- ii' to be. Alfred Allen, alleged poet taritL politician, got his wife to call together a few petticoats who endeavored to col-. lect coin when Parkes ..said he bad a " breadless home." Parkes was then ar Premier, receiving £2500 per annum, and the ; ladies justly thinking that thia' was. < ' "breadless," placed money boxes in-tho'i'T public schools, and into these tho poor r . little scholars, who, by the -waym ar© * expected to respect Parkes, wore practi- ' cally compelled to drop their toffee money. . Yes, Parkes is fond of the ladies, and if ' . report speaks, truly fond* of the children too. Is it a fact that a hired nurse and Balmain doctor will congratulate hirn on his return home 1 I 