BBO ADBEIM'S NEW Y OEK L ETTE E. A week of sweltering heat with the sorrow ful record of along death list as a consequense, one of the most pathetic being that of a young Catholic priest on his way to administer the last rites of the church to a dying patient. He fell in the street overcome by tbe terrible heat, and died before they could convey him to the hospital. No one can imagine the honor of some of our tenement houses at such a time as this. It is no uncommon thing for a hun dred and fifty or two hundred people to live in a single house. Russian?, Poles, and Hun garians frequently live, a whole family, in a single room—eat, drink, work and sleep there. One can scarcely imagine the low animal con dition and horror of such t» life. Last week a Russian pedler was arrested for setting fire to a house which might have proved a holocaust to a hundred people. The place was actually fired by his wife for the purpose of getting the insurance on his furniture of a thousand dollars, the entire lot being worth less than twenty. Still fire is tbe only element that can ever purify some of these tenement houses, for they are generally strangers to water, as they do not use it for bathing and seldom for drink ing purposes. Tbe sudden and overpowering heat Las acted like a charge of dynamite in driving people out of town, and -many whose business was so important that they thought they could not possibly get away, have been recommended by their physicians to try a change of air, and they are acting on the doctor's adTice. The thermometer recorded 100 degrees, at least it looked that way for my glasses were rather misty. It felt like 1,000 degrees, and I did not know but tbe mercury would crawl out of the hole on tbe top. I stepped into the Produce Exchange whew-u ew, wasn't it hot ; corn had jumped four cents and wheat was rising. In order to be gram- ' matically correct, I asked my friend Sparks, the janitor, " How is things ?" " Things is jest a bilin', General." He always calls me General to distinguish me from the other newspaper scrubs who come snooping around for news. " Things is jest a bilin'," and they were. The thermometer did not appear to make the slightest difference in the wheat pit or the corn pit. The hotter it got the better those fellows appeared to like it. Coats came off, vests were discarded, hats were Sung on one side, cuffs wilted, neckties and collars went the way of all flesh, and then they hustled and roared and struggled through that blazing afternoon, hundreds of them with nothing on but shirts and pants, and I believe they would have taken them off if it had not been for the presence of a policeman, and sold wheat as our grandfather Adam did just before he went down to the land of Nod to raise Cain. In point of fact the Exchanges have been the liveliest places in town. Stocks took a flip up, cotton went with a whiz-, coffee was simmering quite lively and, as I said before, corn went up like a sky rocket. There was thunder in the air ever since last week, and the bears got badly squeezed, at which there was much bull rejoicing. The news is appalling to the lovers of corn cakes and corn juice ; perhaps 'they may find consolation in the rye crop. Let us hope so. There is balm in G-ilead. I wonder how things are flourishing down in tbe Blue Grass region. The health authorities of Brooklyn last week seized two tons of horse bologna. It was all packed and pickled and ready to ship to Belgium, where, it is said, they are fond of that sort of thing. The horse is a noble animal. I love the horse, but I do not hanker after him in bologna. I do not want to make a stable of myself, though this par ticular species of bologna is said to be a staple article of food in Belgium. Oa investigation it was found that this German had been supplying all the lager beer saloons in New York and Brooklyn with first-class bologna for their free lunches for several years past. I have not felt comfortable ever since I heard the news. I have toyed with bologna and pretzels, and wondered bow the fellow could sell them for seven cents a pound. It is Beveral months since I indulged, but it seems to me I can taste tfaem eren now. I told Jones, who was with me, that they had a peculiar sort of flavor. He said " Yes ; it reminded hiai of a dinner be had down in Siam, when they served up a dish of baked elephant's hoof." They took the ten barrels of pickled horse bologna up to tbe City Hall. They were going to pass it over to the coroner, for the policeman who siezed it said it emelled bad enough for an in quest. As soon as the coroner got a sniff of it he and the police judge escaped out of a back window, and the policeman who made the seizure was carried away in an ambulance. Street cars stopped, and people fled from the City Hall as dogs do from butchers in China. Somebody said a gas-house had blown up, and somebody else said no, that wasn't it, it was something worse than a gas-house that had bursted. There was general consternation, which was heightened by the fact, that the horse which drew the bologna to the City Hall fainted dead away as soon as he learned that some of his relations were in the barrels. After scurrying all over the city a number of Belgians were secured, and they drew the cart down to the offal dock, and when it was emptied on the scow it nearly poisoned about forty Italians who were work ing on the dump. The Belgians in the mean time were wondering what in thunder al1 the fuss was about. The boss of the men declared that be smelt nothing disagreeable, but what he did smell was like the Rose of Sharon and the Lily of the Valley. Only a sborfc time ago a little mite of a fel low was found by a policeman standing in the street, who did not appear to know much about himself, except that he came in a ship from England with a woman and she had left him in the street. It was a curious cise. He was a bright little chap; a regular Little Lord Faun tleroy, bill he did not have any"Dt;arest," and he was short an Earl, of both of which he was very much in need. He was well dressed and evidently bad been well taught and well cared for, but there be stood a homeless waif in this great city, three thousand miles from home. The police went to work on the case and dis covered tbe ship the boy came over on, and securedadeseription of the woman whobrought him here. It was not long till they had heriuthe toils and it was then discovered that her busi ness was to bring children from the other side whom their parents or guardians wanted to get rid of, and lose them here, where they ■never would trouble their relations again. ] They have traced four that she has brought to J the United States in this manuer, and the j question now arises, may she have disposed of some of them on the voyage, and added murder to her other crimes. Meanwhile Little Lord Fauntleroy has been as happy as pigs in clover. About fifty ladies have come forward and offering to adopt him. His room at the City Matron's is filled with all sorts of toys, while big papers of French bon bons have to be bid away to keep him from getting sick. It is a big thing for the boy, and he don't care a brass button about going bazk to Albion. America is good enough for him ; while he can never be President, he may get to be a New York Alderman, a much better thing, one which has all the emoluments of the Presidency, aud none of its responsibili ties. Come back, Dicky Croker, come back 1 Arrah ITickj: datlin,.fy'did ye go t^ay B Only two week ago Richard Croker, the Tammany Boss and hie family sailed sway,. or rather, steamed away, for Germany, minus tie baggage but what of that ? If he had only partaken of a moiety of the good things that loving friends provided he would not have felt the necessity of a clean collar or a fresh pair of socks, tiU the steamer struck Bremen. As be steamed away he was in a blessed state of beatitude, for he had knocked the Fassett Committee cold and left eweet peace smiling behind him on a united democracy. Judge Power baa been heard from. Judge Murray bad promised to fight within the lines. Mike McCarty said be wouldn't kick if they made it all right with Slattery and Walsh. Bat in the gfneml settlement Rielly was overlooked. Kielly has always been a Tammany man. Througtt thick and through thin, in the summers beat and in the winter's cold, in victory or defeat you always knew just where "to find Reily. The Eighth Assembly District is not a healthy one for a Democrat to live in. For fifeen years Johnny O'Brien held it straight m the Republican line, but now that Johnny * lies peacefully beneath the daisies, it is, to say the least, debatable ground, and Rielly, who bas been making-an up-hill fight for twenty years, has suddenly come to the front. Why then should Hennisy and Magee be given places in the Board of Public Works, and Rielly he left out in tlie cold. That s what Rielly wants to know and what he proposes to find out. So Reilly is kicking ; but Bjejlly is not alone; -there are lots of others in Tam many Hall who have not realized the eacred story of the loaves and fishes. Loaves there are none and fish is high and scarce, and the angel of peace hath unfolded her wings ana flown away. To come down from my high horse, there is the worst kind of a row brew ing. Two brief weeks ago, and they all said bury the tomakawk, and now they are walking about with razors in their boots, and with war paint all over 'em. It's awful- This morn ing I heard a County Democracy crowd com ing home from a meeting where they had been devising a plan to give Tammany rats. They had stopped into Kruetzmer's saloon on the corner and had lubricated till they grew musi cal. The rain was pouring as they stepped into the street, but they felt it not, for R«illy who led the band struck up *' Wait till de clouds rolls by, Jinuy, wait till de clouds, wait till de clouds rolls by, Jinny, me own^troo love, Jinny, wait till de clouds rolls by. IS don't look now as if the clouds would roll by ; so we will have to wait *ill the November Ides. It's just awful, so it is, and its all on account of Reilly. Oh, Dicky, darlint, come back, come back. Do I believe in women's rights r Of course X do. So does Miss Kuenkle, and she proved it. Miss Kuenkle is from Germany, in fact, from Bavaria, the place where they make good beer. I She has only been in the country twoyears, but ! she has growu fast, and iu point of sharpness and general intelligence would equal a New England school inarm, and thatissayinga good deal. No chuckle headed Dutchman has any licenseto come fooling around her. Herr Koep pen met Miss Kuenkle when she landed at Castle Garden two years ago, and forthwithin etailed her as housekeeper and gavebergeneral charge of his saloon. Things went on swim mingly ; Miss Kuenkle was Satisfied, and Herr Koeppen was more than pleased. About three months ago Herr Koeppen told Miss Kuenkle that he would have to go to Germany to get a fine legacy that was left him by his grand father. Miss Kuenkle was quite willing, as she saw visions of future wealth, which would swell their mutual bank accourt, for the wicked Koeppen had been making love to her and bad promised to make her his frou when he got back. After HerrKoeppen got off on the Weiser Miss Kuenkle received a letter from his wife in Germany, begging for money and reqnestsug him to come home. Did Miss Kuenkle faint ? Oh,.no, not a bit oE it. She did up her back hair, rolled up her sleeves and waited. She engaged a lawyer with the proceeds of the saloon and entered a suit for breach of promise, claiming damages at fifty thousand dollar*. When the North German Lloyd steamer arrived at its dock in Jersey City with Herr Koeppen, Miss Kuenkle was waiting with a detective to receive him, but it was necessary to get him to Brooklyn within the jurisdiction of the Court. Miss Kuenkle rushed up the gang plank and threw her about Herr Kroeppen'a neck and fairly pulled him ashore. When they got to Brooklyn Miss Kuenkle pretended to faint and they earned her into s. saloon, thinking some beer or schnapps would revive her. This was what she had pre- arranged with the officer, who slipped a pair of nippers on the astonished Keoppen and lugged him off to jail, while Miss Kuenkle jumped up and went back to the saloon. That's the kind of woman to have, one that attends strictly to business, and no scollops. Herr Koeppen is now in jail and is eorry he came back. Miss Kuenkle is in full possession of the saloon and is glad that she is here. O'Donovan Rossa, the Irish fire-eater, who would like a raw Englishman every morning for breakfast, bas become a drummer for grocer Thurber, and is now peddling cigars. Ghost of Vinegar Hill, does all his.blood and thunder end in smoke ? 