WHERE DID THE " GHOST IDEA" COME FROM 1- (LONDON SPECTATOR,) Lady Welby has been very badly reported, so badly that'it is difficult to decide from the condensed account of in The 'J inn whether sho was oil the side of the materialists or on that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report, that tlie question she raiped, before the British AbsowiiUou of Leeds, wao one of the first intellectual importance, and one which, though not new. has never, we bolicve, beeu quite adequately discussed. Bhe tisked whether those who Itoiievc that human thought, like man himself, is a product ol slow evolution continued through entire cycles of time, recognise on o great 44 break" in the process, or, if they do tut .recognise it, how they account for the intrusion of the 44 ghost 'idea." The governiiur notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of evolution, is that man slowlyaccumu- lated experience, and from it. by comparison, by deduction, and; by meditation, arrivflff at lust at abstract aud uon-material thought. He considered the cflfectof revenge, for example, and its operation iu tribri society, till he arrived at the idea cf just revenge, or, as we call it, of justice; and finally, his horizon ever widening, at ti.o loftv conception that forgiveucss might occasionally, or even frequently, be more to the general odvautoge, or, iu othnr words, might be nobler, and therefore to bo adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplained— tor instance, the original dteffituty why oue par ticular animal' should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary — but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a groat array of facts, aud does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena. Much of thought is certainly a result of expe rience and observation, and much more may be ; and if we allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets very little— a concession, by- the-way, wholly at variance with his known history — wc may extend the result of teaching by experience until it covers nearly the whole Ibild of human intelligence. It does not, huwr- '.-vor, cover quite the whole field. There is alwuys one prodigious ''break," us Lady M'clby cillsit— uauidy, the intrusion of the " ghost idea," using that term either to indicate the whole body of beliefs about the supernatural, or the special conceit thai man will live agaiu. How did that i .mcy creep into man's mind, and at last .assume it ilominiiucc there 'r Clearly he cannot have derived it from experience, lie certainly did not live again himsrif. even in the tertiarv period, and it docs not lie iu tlie mouth of pnrelv scientific men to affirm that lie had any evidence that a i) body else did. What evidence could be Irive r Of course, if he actually saw or lieanl or spirit the shades of 'person who had returned from another state of being, he had evidence upou which to construct his theory ; but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility ot nnv occurrence of the kiud. Nobody in scientific belief over saw a ghost, or beard a ghost, or sinelt a ehost ; and how then did the ghost idea come in 'r how, that is, did a belief opposed to coiltmuous humau expe rience generate itself iu the human mind 'r Most illusions are the consequence of a inic- understam.ing of phenomena ; but iu Ibis lustanco there are uo phenomena to mis understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy.' No animal lives again, and no vegetable, except in its original form, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break iu the development of the human mind, a sudden step back, :ls Lady Wei by hays, from tlie jiroceas of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of more fancies, of nonsense iu fact — a step all the more renurkable because it cannot have conduced towards survival. On the contrary, it must have tended to waste tlis mental powers M those who made the step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, aud ought to have given to the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this" world more endurable to them selves. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the phost-idca, who ought by all analogy to have perished us victims of a mental |disease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous pro- gress,and are now more gifted thau any other division of the human species. What is, or cau be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that V It mar be said that primitive man was subject, like the" modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct. Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream ia pert of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, ou wakiug, assail you with a violence which, to bis victim, or intended victim, ia quite inexplicable. But then, how did ths ghost idea get iuto the dreams People droam odd things, but they do not dream absolutely new things — that is, things not only outside their experience, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of experience cither per sonal or inherited. Nolwdy ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless ho had pre viously conceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti cally, but not actually creatiug them out of nothing Otherwise man would have self- generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hntothesis would neces sarily go to piece. Ana even if o innu did in a dream sec a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another ap>oaring after death — a very wild supposition — why should that par ticular dream, unsupported by general exjie- rience, and, iudcod. opposed to general exjie- rience, be the one dream which'masttred the world V It would not explain anything to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort ; for if we kuow anything about savages— und wc know very little — it is that the ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. "Why did he single out an un comfortable dream-born fantasy, to make of it uu important motor in hi career, a career of which sti the rest consisted in utilising blowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur rent facts 'f Tlie occurrence of dreams will not explain the 44 step back," nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence the fear of what had never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still lees to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination ns the existence of life after death. Grant Tope's notion that the savage fears the thunder or the tempest till he recog nises in them some power above himself, and still there is no relation between that fear, which, moreover, ought to have weakened and not strengthened him, and tlie notion of a future state which he had never seen cr heard of. The lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better than that— namely, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire for a happier lifo ; but that also explains very little. Why did that particular wish become so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to become a faith 'i No other wish did, not even ' yctimiaed-by the riot know in the least what animals think ; and so far as we can see, man is the only animal Vho accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except iu the most limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining the argumeut to man, what made him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of which he or his fathers had auy cognisance V He believed iua thing which he had never seen or heard of, and for which, through all the eyries during which he was accumulating from experience the materials of thought, he had no evidence what ever. WbyV To us, and we suppose to all Christians who have thought upon the subject, there appear to be only two reasonable auswere to that ques tion. One, which in practice is, of course, quite futile, is that primitive man actually had evidence that he had seen or heard at some time or other that which inspired conviction in his mind. Bo became us sure of another life as of the action of sunlight, and for tbeaame renson, because he bad watched its manifestations. This, which was the universal theory oi the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, wo quite admit, a purely con- jeetui al hypothesis. Wc know little, except by conjecture, of the experience of primitive man, nothing whatever of' his mind, and, aboveall, nothing whatever of bis thoughts about things non-material. He may have had a great many, as some existing savages have; or be may have had none, as seems to be the caso — and possibly only seems— with some of the very lowest tribes. He may hAve been closer to the in visible world than we are, as the legends of all races affirm ; or he may have . been, as the .modem n pilaris are supposed io be, . much ! further off.'; TThere can be no evidence on the subject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must always be useless to discuss it. The ' other answer is that, whatever the. truth about the evolution of thought— and part of the theory is almost visibly true — some- thoughts 4 must be intuitional, must, that is, have been generated in man originally by some external power. Nothing is self-generated; and yet tliey do not epnug from- experience, which, in f/ict. bo far as material experience js concerned, denies and refutes them. The first of those ifioughts— it is not the only one — ib that idea of the future state to which Lady Wei by refers as the great 4' break" iu the evolution of tuiud, the conception which should have buidenedits recipients in the great race, and so extinguished them, but which, on the contraiy. ou evidence admitted by materialist, made'them run the faster. That thought certaiuly did not come from experience; aud if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the existence of the present inind of man: 