A Smuggler's Secret. By Fbank Babbett. Author of ' The Admirable Lady Biddy Fane,' ' Under a Strange Mask,' « Fet tered for Life,' &c.; CHAPTER XXIII. — The Mercy op Heaven*. * She is gone !' the words struck me with dismay. I concluded at Gnce that old Peter had succeeded im capturing poor Psyche. He was not a man who threatened idly, as the murderous attempt on the girl's life had already proved. I spoke my fear to Sir Henry, and we ran to the cottage. ' You have nothing to fear from him,' he he replied, with confidence. ' It is more probable that she has left the house as she did the other day when she found you jrone.' This view was partly confirmed in my mind when I found the back door unbolted. Alter taking a hasty glance in her room und round the garden we returned to the Chase. It was there she sought me before tbo knew we -were to dine at the house. It was natural to suppose that she had taken the same path and had wandered I'rorn. the open drive into the deeper shade of ilie park. Yet my heart sank with a fearful misgiving that the hope was delu sive. We -went up to the house. Then, separating, we searched the alleys of the park, calling ' Pysehe5 as we went ; but no answer came. I found myself on the spot where I had asked Ethel to be my wife, and taken, her into niy arms. Then noticing a close thicket hardby, and remembering the sound of a stifled sob that had reached my ear, I i'elt convinced that it had come from poor Psyche's -wrung heart, and that she in see ing me embrace Ethel as I had never em braced her had learnt for herself what I had not found courage to tell her — that I loved Ethel more than I loved her. ' My poor little sister,' I cried, and waited with, the last hope of hearing her sweet voice echo 'poor, little sister.' Not a breath broke the awful silence. Alone, I went back to the cottage. I called her again and again in the garden, and went into the bouse to search in every room with blank hopelessness. Opening the door of my own room I found a trace of her that crisped the hair on my head, The room was strewn with fresh-cut flowers. There were flowers on my pillow and beside them the ring that Ethel had put on her finger. I sat down unable to go farther ; for this touching souvenir was too significant to be misunderstood. Our conversation of the nijrht before came back to me : 'what she had said in speaking of the impossibility of Ethel's living with us applied now to herself — * she could not do that. It would be too much pain. More than she could boar. She would rather live alone than see that you are mine on not hers.' And the had found that it was for her to go away and live alone. But, waere had she wandered ? I asked myself, starting up as 1 realised the necessity of finding the poor girl, and soothing her stricken heart at once. I did not fear suicide. Psyche scarcely knew -what death was $ the possi bility of self -destruction was beyond her imagination. Had she simply gone along the road, on and on, with no other object but to get away from the place -where it was too much pain to live. No. In. her room I found a due to her destination. There was a cupboard in which she kept, with a strange love, the relics she had brought away with her from the cave. The rough serge sack in -which she worked by my side in the burrow, the shoes she wore when the day's work was done, and a neck lace of shells that J, had ground on a flint and threaded together — they were gone, and beside her bed lay all the clothes I had given her in her new life. I felt sure she had gone back to the cave, to live alone there with the memory of those happy days when her heart never ached. It struck me that amongst those things which she could not find -words to tell me about wa s some sort of premonition of this return. The old life was often in her thoughts . but she had dwelt more than usual upon the cave this last night. Long after our conversation about Ethel, she said : * Brother, do you remember the pretty things we carved in the walls of the cave. There was a piece you marked in black that I neveT had time to finish. Only a little more and it would be all finished,' and later on she said. ' We have forgotten all about poor caw ; I wonder if he would know me again, and come on my shoulder if I called,' With these recollections coming to my mind, I ran across the downs. There was only one way to the cave that ske knew 5 the way by which we had left it together, and that way I knew she would try to re turn by — not reasoning that the water must long since have silted up the tunnel. I went down the gap ; to my consterna tion the Water was up, and after folio-wing the shore some distance I was prevented by the sea from going farther. I ran back up the gap and along the cliff in frenzied haste. Beyond Deadman*s : Point I looked down. The light had so faded that I could barely distinguish the fragments of cliff strewed on the shore from the foam of the wafer beating amidst them. Presently I stood on the cliff just over the cavern, and strained njy eyes in the dark chaos of rocks and water below. It was there we had come out into the open day- A few jackdaws were, wheeling round half way down 5 their cry was to me a terrible omen. Then gulping down my choking emotion, I called for the last ! time : ' Psyche. Sister. Dear Psyche.' It may have been no more than imagi nation, and yet a cold awe chilled me to the heart as there seemed to fall upon my ears that swelling rise and plaintive fall of the seolian song of my sweet little helpmate. As I rushed back along the cliff I met Sir Henry. * Good God, man,' he cried. « What is the matter 5 you look like a ghost o* your self.' , 'Poor Psyche is down there,' I answered, through my sobs, still running. * What do you mean, Thome ?' he asked, his voice almost as broken as mine. j * She has tried to get back to the cave — : I know it, I know it j and the water has come up.' ' Oh God, have I this to answer for, too,' he cried. We looked into the water like madmen, and waded and swam till the point was ; rounded, and then we got' upon the sand, and on again till -we came among the great boulders and ragged fragments of the fallen cliff. And there we found her — just a little beyond the receding waters in her dabbled dress. Her hands were clasped tightly upon the siring of shells I had put about her neck in days when she knew no pain 5 and now, in her sweet child's face, there was the same expression of innocect joy it had worn then. I trust in Godrs mercy that at the last she forgot that there is suffering in this world, and died with the happiest memories she knew. CHAPTER XXrV.— The Expiation. She lies in the churchyard at Eeclesham. On the stone over her grave there is one word, * Psyche,' no more. Her loss was a terrible blow to all who had known her. Even my grandfather hobbled up to the grave as we left it, and dropped in the flowers he had gathered for that purpose. But the one most prostrated was Sir Henry Duncan. He looked like a man who never slept. Morally and phy sically he seemed unable to hold up his head, and walked as if he had risen from a bed of sickness against his wish. His condition perplexed Ethel as much as it alarmed her ; -it was less a mystery to me, for I was perfectly sure that in some way he was responsible for Psyche's wasted life. ' He has always suffered from occasional fits of dejection,' Ethel said to me. * And hitherto I have been able to give him re lief. But now my efforts fail j he seems as if he did not hear my voice. I wish you could persuade him to have medical advice.' Finding him. alone in tiie park that even ing, I told him what she had said. * Yes,' he said, * it is time I did some thing. I can't go on like this, blighting the happiness of all I love. You will be over early to-morrow morning j tell her I gone to consult the best physician I know, and shall act on his advice no matteT what it is. I can't tell her myself 5 she'd ask questions, and I have never told her a lie.3 He was absent the next day, and I told Ethel what he had promised to do 5 but I knew that he had gone no farther than the rocks where Psyche perished, and that conscience was the only physician whose guidance he sought and intended to follow. We met him in the evening as he -was coming home, his hand behind him, his chin sunk on his breast. * I have seen him, love,' he said, taking Ethel's hand with more tenderness than he had lately displayed. * Says I need change Tells me I must go away as soon as possible.5 ' I thought he would advise that/ Ethel said. « Where shall we go ?' ' I shall go alone,' he said, firmly 5 and then, with an abrupt change, * when shall you be married?' ' It is almost too early to think of that,' she replied, looking down at the crape on her dress.' * I suppose conventional considerations must be studied even in a quiet wedding. I should have liked to wait until yon are married, dear ; but I don't think I must delay this journey- I want to avoid any thing like a parting,' he continued after a, pause, * and so, if I don't put in an appear ance one morning you must not be alarmed. My sister is coming down with hex youngsters next week — perhaps I shall go then, perhaps before, as I can't stand children. Anyhow, I shall not eay goodbye to you. One night at the end of the week after I had parted from EtheL I found Sir Henry in the drive, where he waited purposely for jne. * I want to talk to yon,' he said, * let us go on to the Downs. This path is the most direct/ We turned from, the drive, and walked in ejlenxje through the shade. * Do you believe in expiation, Thome ?' he asked suddenly. * If you mean reparation for injury done '??-- -' I began, He interrupted me im patiently, * There are some injuries that can. never be repaired. Do you believe that a man may get his soul out of heU by an act of self -sacrifice f- — that is what 1 mean.7 ' No. . To injure oneself for having injured another doubles the offence.' *%t a man may cry quits witj| society when he feaa served his term in gaol for breaking society's laws, why should not a men's conscience fee »t peace when he has inflicted upon, himself the punishment he deserves. How else is he to get his I soul out of that hell where the vulture of ' reproach tears at it night and day ? There I is no other way by which he may hope to meet those he loves hereafter. . . . But for that ' fear of something after death/' ' he continued in a lower tone, speaking to himself rather than addressing me, * the fear of finding one pale-haired, sweet-faced child, and but for the hope of meeting iny dear daughter, escape from this purgatory would be easy and quick enough.' (to be continued.) 