A STRANGE STOBY. " D6n't Believe in the ghost business." They had been discussing the super natural around the cheerful hearth at Merrill's Inn, and as usual Harry Ludwig was on the " on side," as the landlord remarked. No ono seemed ready to venture anything, pro and con, in answer to the above remark, for Harry was a glib arguer, and, of course, not a man of them desired to come out second best in - a' discussion of the mys terious. But presently the old landlord, who was a firm believer in spiritual visit ants, "broke the 'Silence by saying 'timidly There's Some mighty queer 'currences, then, 'nless we're not to b'lieve anybody, I'll 'low." The voluble Harry hesitated in re plying to this for some unaccountable reason, but a . stranger, who had Stopped for the night at this country inn, and who up to this time had not spoken a word, but had sat in tho corner with his hat pulled down' over his eyes, now sighed anidibly. The deep-drawn inspiration a!ftprested the attention of the mystafrious -loving Host instantly, and lie tSteSv his chair nearer -to the strange guejSjt'and scented a ghost story. " Mout ye liev any 'speriences to relate in this , line, mister 1 If ye hev I'll back ye in 'em by b'lievin' 'em, for I have a gieat leanin' to'ard the sperits meself.'' Thus invited, the man in the corner pushed up his hat and looked around the -circle of expectant faces. Harry Ludwig became strangely attentive for an unbeliever, and taking the cigar from his mouth knocked the ashes against his thumb meditatively and seconded the host by saying — "Yes, we're all ready for a story." "Well," said the stranger, sighing again, "I've only one such story to relate, and that, permit me to say, is true. ' I can vouch for its truthfulness, because it happened to be an experi ence of my own." Here Harry Ludwig glanced fur tively around the group, and the land lord braced up triumphantly and re sorted to- the cuspidor as a safety valve. " I was travelling in the South," began the guest again, after an im pressive pause, "and was domiciled for a few weeks with some friends not far frpih , Atlanta. It was my custom 'while' there to ride out . each day into the country on horseback, accom panied' by some members of the family. On one of these occasions the eldest son, a bright youth of perhaps 20, bore . me company. After riding further than usual, and returning, as I thought, by a roundabout way, I suggested that we turn into a by-road to our right and shorten our route, as it was getting late. At my mention of the change of route , the young fellow grew visibly agitated and ob jected strongly. , " ' Why not," I asked, my curiosity aroused. ' Because,' he answered re luctantly, ' I'd rather not. You may laugh at me, Mr. Nixon, but I have not the courage to ride through Harlem-road, especially at this time of night.' " My look of incredulous question ing rather dashed him, but seeing that an explanation was expected, lie lowered his voice -to a very confidential key and said : — ' There's a strange, mysterious story connected with the road, Mr. Nixon, which keeps most of us from crossing here after sundown.' "'Ah?' ejaculated I, as he hesi tated. Then he continued with a shiver : ' There was a young lady killed a half mile down this road, and ' her lover found her and became so frantic with grief over his loss that it was thS death of him, you know.' ' " No, I don't know," I answered, growing strangely fascinated by his tone and manner. . '"'No, of course not; how dull of me to forget," he replied, gazing down the by-way, half-hidden already in the shadows of the gathering dusk. Then, as if recollecting tfet I was . waiting for the rest of the " tragical narrative, he went on with the entire story. " Allie Wentworth used to live up here always,' and he pointed the way we had come, ' and she had a lover, very much devoted, but an invalid. . The Wentworths objected to the mar riage because of his continued ill- health, so the lovers w ere obliged to wait. Meantime Howard Keith, the ' lover, kept visiting Allie, and they were passably happy. ; " f One evening he called, as usual, but she had gone for a ride and had not returned ; he sat talking with the family, waiting her coming, and never had seemed so well or in bettor spirits'. Suddenly, however, lie sprang to his feet exclaiming : " Oh, Allie, love, what is tho matter ?" " " All started up in alarm, but could see nothing. " Where," they questioned in fright, seeing Keith's white face and terrified manner. «'«" Oh,, don't you see?" he made answer, staring into space, " tlie blood is running all down her face and she — stares so." " ' With this he started forward, but whatever he saw vanished, for he turned to the horrified family and moaned out, "Allie is dead; oh, my God!" " ' Then he fled down this road, it being the ono she was expected to take on her return.' " ' " I am going to find Allio," ho cried; wildly, as he rushed away. Tho family, having seen nothing, followed him, not clearly understanding what- they were doing. It was . now dusk, hut they followed on. Presently the horse Allie had ridden away rushed by them furiously. " Oil 1 " they wailed in a chorus, Howard was right; and Allie is killed 1 " " ' In a few moments tliey met Keith coming at a rapid paco 'bearing in his arms the lifeless form of their daughter ; the blood was -running from a ghastly wound in the right temple, but already her heart had ceased to beat. " 'Keith, staggered toward them witli his precious burden and uttered a low cry of deepest anguish. Mr. Wontworth caught the lifeless body of Allie in his arms just as Howard fell prone in a dead faint. In some man ner they could not recall they managed to get them home— the dead' and tlio dying, for Howard Keith never rallied from the awful shock occasioned by Allie's terrible death. The physician said that if his health had been better lie might have survived, but as it was he succumbed.- Well, they buried them side by side in a deep, wide grave — and it was dreadful. , . .1 , '"And ever since . there's a horse rushesdownHai'lem-roadjustafterdark, and any one possessing courage enough to patrol this byway after nightfall can seo a phantom lover bearing a phantom girl hurriedly through' the shadows, so they say. Thoy say, too, that the apparitiomis 'true in form and feature to Howard Keith and Allie Wentworth. For my part, I would rather not investigate," ancl he turned his horse's head home- 'ward. r " ' Hold on,' said I. ' If I will ' be bravo enough to ride down Harlem- road will you be kind enough to wait here for my return ?' "'But your horse will . gut frightened,' he said, with a shudder, evading my question; I reme'mbered, perhaps not .any too soon, ..that the animal I rode was rather skittish ; so I changed my tactics, ' Well, will you take charge of my horse, then, if I take a stroll into ghostdom ?' "'I wouldn't talk that way if-'I were in your place, Mr. Nixon,' he replied, ' for perhaps you will get more of " ghostdom " than you care for. I will hold your horse for you, however, but not here. I will ride up the main road a short distance.' " 'All right,' I ejaculated ; and dis mounting I. gave Dorr Slater the reiri, who left me so my foolhardy under taking, as he called it. In a .trice he was cantering away, calling after me as a parting shot that ' if 'twas tlie' death of me he would not be to blame.' "I was very curious to solve the only supernatural mystery coming directly under my personal notice ; and I started down the ghoBt walk, cur tained with dusky shadows, with an enthusiasm which proved to.be short lived. - " As I proceeded a solemnity seemed settling down through the gloom that amounted to oppressiveness, but I was fairi to account for it from the story my young friend had just related and so pushed on. A few stars now lighted the gloaming and tlio wind went hur riedly by, while I strained every sense to catch sight, sound or unseen pre sence of the supernatural. " Presently I became aware of some thing coming towards me, although I heard nothing, much less saw any thing. Nevertheless, I was sure of , a presence somewhere in the vicinity, and instinctively I stepped to the side of the road to let it pass. As it came closer I distinguished the form of a dark horse and I involuntarily started. I held my breath as it clashed past in mad affright,, with keenest" terror de picted in every motion. I saw plainly the outline of a saddle partly turned on him, and. noticed with' a strange attentiveness that his hind feet were white. "After he had fled by me. I stood still, feeling like beating a retreat." I vaguely wondered when the rest, of the strange scene would put in an appear ance, and whether I had better go. or still remain in this uncanny surround ing. While I hesitated I became conscious of . losing my identity and will pow'er, and found that I could not move, try as hard as I might.- " In a moment more the form of a tall, lithe-looking man came around a bend in the road, and in his arms he bore the apparently lifeless form of a girl. I saw distinctly the white dra pery and golden hair of the womanly figure floating in the wind, but her face was,. partly hidden against the bosom of her phantom lover. I am certain, too, that I never, before or since, beheld a face so full of despair and wordless grief as that of the appa rition, passing me at a rapid gait. In all this experience I was ..not . con scious of the least noise. Not a foot: step nor the . sound, of a single hoof- beat had come to my ears, .even when tlie frightened steed galloped madly down the road. ""What or whom I had seen I could not say, unless tho story of young Slater was true and I had seen the spirits of the hapless girl and her lover enacting the sad tragedy "of Harlom-road, as was their wont". " When I came to myself again I felt that the half had not' been por trayed in the story. . There was -a grandeur of terror about the whole ad venture not to be put into words ; Nfo he understood it would have to - he experienced. " I found my young friend waiting for mo some distance up the main road, which I reachecl without further inci: dent. It seemed to me that I hod been gone an age, notwithstanding the. protest of my companion and the .time indicated by my watch to the 'con trary. So sure was I that I had spent the greater part of the night at least with supernatural associa tions, that I could not credit the truth of Dorr Slater's assertion until I lighted a match and consulted my timepiece. He was greatly relieved, however, to find me safe and unharmed on my return from my stroll down Harlem-road, and I re mounted my horse and we proceeded homeward. "I told him my experience as we rode along, and ho vowed that he should .nevor bo fool enough to go mooning down that by-road; tlie re cital of tho affair was enough for him. " The next day I had to go through the recital of my thrilling experience in 'Hai'lera crosscut' for the benefit of tlie mysterious loving friends and acquaintances I had made during my sojourn near Atlanta. As I rehearsed the adventure in detail I felt the sensation of horror, stealing over me that I experienced in that lonely spot, and from that day to this the wordless dread settles over my very soul as I recount the story. " There, gentlemen, you have my ghost story. Such an experience once undergone can never be forgotten — no, never !" and the sad-looking stranger pulled his hat down over his eyea again and lit a cigar. Tho vindication of the supernatural was clear, tho old landlord of Merrill's Inn was triumphant in his " backing of the ghost business," and Harry Ludwig buttoned up his ulster, and, with a cynical look abound the room, as if its inmates were not good enough for him, declared that it was " time to go home." 