BOARDS OF CONCILIATION PAPER BY MR. J. M. BRYDON. DISCUSSION IN THE CHAMBER OF. - COMMERCE. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce was held at the offices of the chamber, Courier Buildings, yesterday afternoon, when there were present :-Messrs. J. D. Campbell (president), J. M. Bryden, E. Giiujth, C. H. Buzacott, J. Munro, J. P. de Winton, J. Forsyth, and T. G. Howe. Mr. J. M. BRYDON moved,-"That the time . has now arrived when, in the interests alike of 'N' capital and labour, arrangements should be made for the establishment of a Board of: Boards of Conciliation to which all trade and labour disputes shall be referred for settlement, and that this chamber bring the subject under tho notice of the Government with a view to a short bill being introduced into Parliament giving a legal standing to such board or boards, and making their decision final and binding." The following paper which he had prepared on the subject, having been previously circulated among members of the committee, was taken as read Some may wonder at the coupling of the interests of capital and labour, as in many quarters both among capitalists and workers capital and labour are looked upon as antagonists. For instance, in the late Australian Labour Federation manifesto the following appears :-" By striking at the very centre of the capitalistic tyranny j" " that for this the sympathy of capitalism will be for them everywhere and against this, because capitalism everywhere longs to imitate them ;" " but the more capitalism is against us." It is evidently this feeling that induced the framers of the rules of one of our Queensland unions, duly registered in Brisbane, to state: "The object of this society shall be to counteract influences that may be working against its members' interest, to initiate reforms, to sweep away abuses to watch over and guard the interests of its members whenever they may be assailed." It was also this feeling that evidently instigated one of the representatives of the labour unions, at a meeting in Melbourne on the 11th May, to talk of a curtain employer as a " union murderer," and, therefore, "so far as they could, they ought to murder his chances of support from union." On the other hand, we know that many capitalists think the work- men their greatest enemies. Let us, however, hope, for the sake of our common humanity, that the number of those who think in this way is getting rapidly reduction in these days of enlightenment. Not only are capital and labour not necessarily antagonistic, but they are de- pendant the one on the other, and the full recognition of this will make strikes a thing of the past. While we have not reached the age depicted in " Looking Backwards i.e., the millennium, when we shall do unto others as we would that they should do unto us we ought to do all in our power to work up to this standard, and the forming of boards of con- ciliation will in a measure loud in Una direction. Any step that will lead up to the avoidance of industrial war ought to have the support of every right-thinking member of the community, not only among the workers, but among employers, because a strike, especially if prolonged, means to the workers deprivation of wages, and as a ouiirioquonoo either complete or Roml-sliirviilinn, find the withdrawal of capital in many cases, which means decreased means of employment, while in the capitalist it bring') loss not only of profit but of interest, depreciation of plant, loss in making a fresh so it, and oftentimes London to a partial or complete direction of Trade alike fatal to capitalist and workman. Hear what a New South Welshman immediately interested in the trade writes regarding the Newcastle coal strike of FRHS as" I regret to say that our kudos has suffered terribly owing to large orders and cnnlnintH having been diverted to other channels, and I four it will be years before it regains what has been lost. . . The pits are all working more or less short time, and some of the mines not more than four or five days a pay (fortnight), and the distress among Um mining population is very great" in the " Report on the Strikes and Lockouts of 1888" by the labour correspondant of the Board of Trade, presented to the Imperial Parliament, - it is stated that from 1870 to 1870 some 2400 strikes and lookouts had taken place in the old country, 111 of which cost the workmen in loss of wages _!íí,0()7,82ii ; of Um remaining , * -000 odd no returns could be obtained. Well does the compiler say " In all industrial communities the regularity and continuity of labour representa- largely the wealth and life of the nation, and all violoiitorunnocoBSary stoppages almost like a disease the whole organism of trade." Strikes as a means of enforcing supposed rights are to be deplored, and common sense should load to another loss barbaric and fatal. That labour has its rights none surely deny, and that it can do with its own as it pleases has been recognised and within certain limits it has perfect liberty to assert its own form of contract, and to refuse to work on any conditions other than those acceptable to it. Those rights have been defined by Mr. Joseph Cook in his Boston lectures: "There should be no interference by law with the rate of wages for adult males; but public discussion and working men's organisations are to be encouraged in the demand for natural wages (/'.<!., the cost of raising a family, including education, expense of keeping wives at home to take charge of little children, and ought to include a fair support for old age). Natural wages would prevent the formation of an ignorant class and diminish the avis of the unemployed, discontented, and explosive class, and destroy thopouyrof demagogues." William Bonny, who shipbuilder of Dumbarton, who died in 1887, of whom it was said, "I am very sure I have seen few better men and better Christians, furnish a good example of the recognition of the rights of labour. It is said -" His intercourse with the workpeople was frank, courteous, and considerate. The reward he had is shown by the fact that during a period of trade depression the workmen came to him requesting that their wages might be lowered on a steamer which was being built on speculation to keep them in employment, the rivetters leading the way." While we refuse to obey the mandate not to look upon our own affairs, but upon those of others, there is a quality common to both capital and labour, namely, Belubhiicss-that is, the trying to buy as much for as little as possible, and on the other to sell as little as may be for the highest attainable price, and from this disputes and differences will occur, so that it has come to be i accepted utmost as a natural law that while our industrial system is carried on upon its present basis difference of opinion must necessarily arise between employers and employed. Hence the necessity for a means being introduced that will settle these differences and disputes in a satisfactory manner and with some finality. What shall that means be? This is the question we must solve. Some advocate the combination of capitalists meeting union with union. This is not only to perpetuate in this new country the feuds of the old between capital and labour, but it would have a tendency to restrict the freedom now enjoyed by workers on this continent which has been described as the working man's paradise object not at all to be encouraged. In fact it is as barbaric a mode of preventing " strikes as the wars waged in which might triumphed over light. We know that if capital was as well organised in these colonies as labour, the latter would simply be starved into submission : or, on the other hand, the capitalists could import cheap labour. In this connection it is well for the workmen to remember what has been done elsewhere. Take for example the coal strikes in America. What are the results ? Ina mper reprinted in the Courier of the 8th May, the following appeared: " For it period it seemed as though labour would dictate a capital, but at the last the capitalist brought into use an agency which has made the unions powerless, and which has made the condition of the miner far worse than it was before. No longer does he demand , 1 higher wages, no more does he threaten his employer with ruin, he is content to beg for sufficient work to enable him to find bread for his family. The agency with which the eos) owners have worked this marvellous transformation is the cheap foreign labour from Europe." No one who wishes well to the future of these colonies would, in the face of manhood suffrage, give countenance to the introduction of foreigners in any numbers, and further, if it is true that the prosperity of labourers increases their purchasing power, and so adds to the profit of capital, it would be unwise to introduce this class of labour, unless compelled to do so in self-defence. In our own colony the printers' strike of last year. was settled by the introduction of non-union men by the employers, and as a consequence many of the old hands remain idle. Another way of preventing strikes is the formation of Boards of Conciliation formed by the, nominees of the employer and employed. This is a helter. and more rational step, but the weakness lies in the fact that the decisions are not binding in any way, and may or may not be accepted. The Board of Trade's return already referred to has the following remarks on Boards of Conciliation :-" The North of England, Manufactured Trades formed a Board of Arbitration and Conciliation in 1800\. That board has not entirely prevented strikes and in a few cases awards have not been unanimously accepted ; but, these instances have been local and very limited in extent. It should also be observed that individual employers sometimes refuse to abide by thedeoisionoflhoboard." Quoting from the same authority we find that of 100 employers who were asked to suggest the best means of preventing and settling disputes, one-fifth are of opinion that conciliation is the most sovereign remedy,, one-sixth are in favour of sliding scales. 'In each of these cases there are some who go so far as to suggest control by Governments as a method of enforcing these agencies. Of seventy-two societies to whom the same question was addressed, one-third favoured arbitration and nearly as many were for conciliation. We have an illustration in the late London strike of the fact that the strikers did not abide by the first agreement of their leaders, and at a subsequent meeting of the Conciliation Board, rendered cautious by this, Messrs Burns and Tillet stated that they could not, of course, bind their followers, but it was understood that they would recommend the men to agree also. What is best for Queensland? Boards of Conciliation, say ., at Brisbane, Rockhampton, and Townsville, on which employers, employed, and the State shall be equally represented, and whose decision shall be final and binding on all parties. You will, I think, agree that this is the only course open to us when we consider that in Queensland we have a Trades Union Act passed in 1886, the leading features of which we need only refer to for our present purpose. Let it be clearly understood that I am not now questioning the right to unite as the "Law of the lowest limit" reigned long enough for the work men. This Act defines trade union to be " any combination. . for imposing restrictive conditions on the conduct of any trade or business." It provides that " the purposes of any trade union shall not by reason merely that they are in restraint of trade be deemed to be unlawful so as to render any member of such trade union liable to a ^ criminal prosecution for conspiracy or other "wise," and the Act further provides that " nothing in this Act shall enable any court to entertain any legal proceeding instituted with the object of enforcing or recovering damages for the breach of any of the following agree- ments namely, ' Any agreement between members of a trade union as such concerning the condition on which any members for the time being of such trade union shall or shall not transact business, employ, or be employed.' " You will observe : 1st. That no provision is made to compel the unions to admit all who may be qualified for admission, hence some of them are close corporations. 2nd. There is no provision for notice being given of an intended strike. . On this subject the Board of Trade report says, " Short notices are a fruitful source of mischief in times of bad trade especially. Notices of important changes in existing conditions of labour should always be sufficiently long to allow the parties notified full time for a cool and deliberate judgment, as well as for friendly negotiations which may avert war." 3rd. That no provision is made for a ballot of the members of the unions being taken here war is declared, and, in fact, that the members of a union can be called out on the part that of one man. This is a most dangerous power to place in the hands of one or two individuals, as they may be able to call the men out, but, owing to had feeling aroused, or other causes, they may be powerless to persuade them to return, as witness the London dockers' strike. This power may not only be used in this colony, but, owing to the federation of labour in the colonies, the war may be carried into the whole of them, and innocent parties sacrificed. There is no romancing in this if the late proposed strike means anything. A squatter refuses to run his woolshed with union men, the Shearers' Union is powerless to prevent said squatter getting shearers, the union appeals to the Australian Labour Federation, all the shipping trade of the colonies is to be paralysed, and 40,000 men are to be called out to settle this dispute. We have evidently in these colonies the principles of the American Knights of Labour dominating our labour federations a "Protect labour against capital, if necessary by inaugurating simultaneous strikes in different parts of the country, especially at railway centres, and by acquiring and using political power to cripple capital and support the interests of the working man." The first port of this is proved by the proposed strike, only the organisations evidently not being strong enough yet to dictate to Government, who control our railways, have substituted a' sea- ports " for railways, and the latter part of the Knights of Labour policy is proved from the following extract from the May number of the Worker, a publication issued monthly in Brisbane in the interests of labour. " The Australian Labour Federation (Brisbane district) has passed a resolution advising affiliated unions to abstain from seeking con , sessions from the employers for twelve months In order that during that time organisation work may be carried on uninterruptedly, and with a view to the joint representation of all requirements at the end of that period. If the movement commends itself to the other districts as is likely it will become general, and if fairly met by employers will eventually place the relations of capital and labour throughout Queensland on a better footing than exists in any part of the world." Although the unions have not yet dictated to the Government, they requested the Government that when the proposed strike took place the military should not be called out, that the police should receive instructions "tomaWe such allowance for popular excitement as is considered only reasonable at the receptions of Governors, and other public functions." Those of us who were here in 1860 know what the popular excitement meant when all citizens were ordered off the streets. And the Federation further called on the Premier to prevent employers of labour from sitting on the bench as magistrates hearing cases arising from labour disturbances, and calling on him to " summarily cure this evil." The latter may appear an extravagant and unjust demand, but we must remember that the Trades Union Act provides that " a person who is an employer, or father, son, or brother of on employer in the particular manufacture, trade or business in or in connection with which any offence under this' Act is charged to have been committed, shall not act as a member of a court before which any matter is brought under the Act." I think I have shown the necessity for amendment of the Trades Union Act of 1880 in the interests alike of labour and capital, and that Boards of Conciliation are immediately and imperatively required. The very dread of strikes disastrously Effects THORP", and if we devise a means of completely avoiding these, the discussion to-day will have done some service to the community. The bill should provide for the avoidance of strikes and lockouts by all trade or labour disputes being referred tea Board of Conciliation after, in three-acre employees, a vote of the work people first had and obtained. One boa. d to he established in Brisbane, one in Rockhampton, one in Townsville. such board to? be even?" so era three representatives Uottt the employes,';, that from the employees, and Unite from the Government, to be elected annually employers' representatives by all employers who at the time set apart for annual registration and for three months pi or' thereto have seven or more workpeople in their employ ; employees' representatives by officers of any union or association of workmen having seven or more members ; Government representatives by the Governor-in-Council. The employers, unions, or associations of workers entitled to vote as above to apply annually to the returning officers of Brisbane, Rockhampton, and Townsville to have their names recorded and placed on a voters' roll for a Board of Conciliation. The decision of the majority of the board to be final and binding alike on employer and era ployed, and to be enforced by imprisonment for contumacy. It should be optional to refer any dispute for settlement to the Brisbane, Rockhampton, or Townsville board. Expenses of election of board to be paid from the con- solidated revenue. Expenses of members to be a charge on the party against whom the verdict is given, or in the event of a compromise to be divided equally between parties. In further reference to the subject, Mr. BRYDON said it appeared to him that the board should be of such a nature as to inspire the confidence of employer and employed. That he thought could be done by fair representa- tion. Practically one board would do all the work, because Brisbane controlled the interests of labour throughout the community. Once established, the decision of the board should be final and binding. We wanted something which would put an end to the possibility of strikes and lookouts. If the board were so constituted as to have the confidence of employers and employed there would not be much likelihood of their decision being found fault with. If the decisions of the board were accepted there would be no chance of the punishment of imprisonment of which he had spoken ever being invoked. There was sufficient sense among working people to enable them to see when they got a fair and reasonable decision. The costs of the proceedings, he thought, should be borne by the parties found to be at fault. He did not ask the Chamber to adopt the details of his scheme ; he only threw them out as suggestions for the sake of promoting discussion. Mr. EDWARD GnimiH, seconded the motion pro forma. Air. BUZACOTT said the course taken by the mover of the resolution, was no doubt a convenient one. Still, he felt that in discussing it they were placed at some disadvantage. Mr. Brydon had been kind enough to furnish him with a copy of his remarks, but he had perused them rather hurriedly. At the same time, he had to confess that he approved greatly of the admirable observations there introduced. He thought for the sake of the chamber they ought not to allow the question to go pro forma. For his own part he felt disposed to support the resolution as it stood, while, as Mr Brydon himself suggested, he would not like to bind himself to all the details submitted to them. He thought it must be obvious to everyone, having regard to the well-being of the working people of this community as well as of those who employed them, that it was necessary to meet organisa- tion and federation on their side by organisa- tion and federation on the side of the employers. It was not that the employers wished to exact any improper or unjust concessions. They simply wanted to be in the position of parties competent to treat, competent to demand fair play, and competent to make concessions where it might seem expedient. (Hear, hear.) A strong party in negotiations could always make concessions. For that reason he hold it was absolutely necessary that the employers as well as the employees should be organised in some strong body. Moreover, if the employees' organisations were aware that they had to meet a compact, organised, and powerful body, they would be deterred from making demands which they knew could not be supported by argument and justice. (Hear, hear.) It therefore appeared to him that it was a very important matter that there should be as thorough and detailed an organisation of the employers as they found existing at the present time on the part of the employees. The spectacle presented by the labour organisations of Australia now was one that must win respect from every fair minded employer. It seemed to him that the way in which the unionists were prepared to make sacrifices to carry out what they believed to be essential principles for improving the condition of the labouring class, could not but be admired. He had himself seen very great sacrifices made by men, not that they approved of the position taken up, but simply as a matter of loyalty and fidelity to their organisations. Although he could not always approve, he could not but admire the fidelity displayed. If employers would only organise, and display a similar fidelity, then they would have what no doubt they all saw was absolutely necessary under present con- ditions-some tribunal of conciliation. More arbitration would be insufficient. Arbitration was like war; it did not always mean justice. It did not always mean consideration for the circumstances and exigencies of each party, but it meant trial by the rule of logic, perhaps, rather than by a desire for fair play all round. He felt very strongly, therefore, that the tribunals they must have must be tribunals of conciliation, and not merely of arbitration or law. (Hear, hear.) A technical knowledge was of course necessary, but there seemed also to be desirable the spirit of what was called compromising politics. They could not expect to get everything they themselves wanted. (Hear, hear.) If they could not get all they wanted they must take as much as they could get. And only by being strong and organised would they be in a position to make a demand or grant a concession. (Hear, hear.) These remarks were rather intended to promote discussion than to solve the question. Mr. Brydon had gone very carefully into the question and had thought the matter out in a manner highly creditable to him. It was not a simple matter, and he rather regretted that they had so small a company present to discuss it. This being a committee, however, numbers were necessarily limited. It did seem to him that an immense benefit would be conferred on the people of Australia if they had Boards of Conciliation whose decisions would have the force of law. He knew that in England boards of this kind had proved only a partial success. Distinguished men had brought them forward, and they had been greatly mortified by the fact that parties refused to abide by the decisions given. Experience taught that purely voluntary Boards of Conciliation would not have the desired effect. They might be voluntary in the first instance, indeed he thought it was desirable that they should be, but parties having once agreed to refer their matter to the boards should be bound by law to abide by the decision. Of course provision might be made for appeal to some other tribunal. Possibly it might be well to allow of an appeal to the Supreme Court afterwards, or to some special tribunal constituted to deal with these matters. Although they might be voluntary in the first instance, he hold they would be of no advantage unless their decisions could be made to have the force of law. (Hear, hear.) He had given some consideration to this feature of the subject, and that was the conclusion he had arrived at, because if the decision did not suit one party, unless compelled to accept it, it would be natural for that party to repudiate it, and the whole expense and loss of time would go for nothing. The feeling of irritation would remain on both sides, and instead of peace being promoted by the efforts of Boards of Conciliation, precisely the opposite effect would be produced. He did not think if Boards of Conciliation were established there would be more disputes than at the present time. (Hear, hear.) He thought there wjttld be far fewer and these would be settled in such a friendly and amicable way that those frightful disputes which were terrify- ing employers, and paralysing enterprise would not ouse. (Hear, hear.) This labour question once settled, he thought they would find that the colonies would be more happy than they had ben for some years past. The details of the theme, he thought, should be referred to the Government. They should appoint a deputation to lay before the Government their ideas and ask them to supply the détruis, being gui led by what had Lewi successfully done elsewhere. The Government were far more able than any public body like this to formulate a scheme of this kind, and moreover, it was the duty of the Government to do it. (Hear, hear.) When they found that the paramount interests of the community were involved in this question, he was sure that any Government that rose to its responsibilities would welcome the suggestions of the Chamber of Commerce on the subject. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MUNRO said he had only been able to go hurriedly over Mr. Brydon's paper, and whilst approving of a tribunal of conciliation to meet such difficulties as had arisen, he thought the step that the employers ought to take was to organise and combine, and possibly to federate, on the same lines as the labour bodies. At present labour unions had little or no respect for employers. (Hear, hear.) Therefore he thought they ought to encourage the organisa- tion of employers on the same footing as the federated bodies who opposed them. (Hear, hear.) With respect to a tribunal of concilia- tion, his own feeling was that it should be as far as possible voluntary. He thought it was just possible that injustice- might he done if the tribunal had legal powers. He thought, from the experience he had had here in connection with labour disputes, that with regard to his own business there was a difficulty in the way. Supposing his company were in difficulties in Melbourne or Sydney, and a man was sent up to Queensland to involve the labour unions here, would it be a part of the board's duties to take up the dispute? This was a side issue, but it struck him as a difficulty which might arise. At the same time he agreed with what Mr. Buzacott had said, and he thought it was the duty of the Government to formulate some scheme, which, if it would not do away with disputes, would ameliorate them, and place labour and capital on a more satisfactory footing than at present. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. G. HOWE said he represented an industry which was in a chronic state of strike in different parts of the colonies. He desired to know in what way a Queensland tribunal would affect this Possibly it would have no effect at all, because Southern employers could boycott them by keeping away from Queensland, and any decision of the tribunal would have no effect unless of a federal nature. It seemed to him that what they wanted was an organised body of employers that should be the first step. At present they had no front to present to the employees. The latter had organisation, and they had none. When they had organised they could turn to the question of conciliation. At present it was one-sided and practically would have no effect. Mr. FORSYTH said he entirely agreed with the remarks of Mr. Buzacott and with those made by Mr. Munro. It appeared to him that Boards of Conciliation would do one thing; they would do away with a great deal of the irritation that existed in connection with the manifestoes issued by the unions. He felt that if we had these Boards of Conciliation they would be the means of bringing parties together, and they all knew that personal discussion was better than correspondence. He felt quite certain that a great portion of the existing difficulties would be removed, and what now seemed mountains would become molehills. There was no doubt that moral suasion rather than compul- sion was the great thing in these disputes. If the employers had organisation the same as the employees had it was quite evident that the latter would not go on in the same way as they did at the present time. If they were to be tackled by the labour organisations as they were now, they might as well go to the wall. But if they showed a front and followed very much the same tactics as the labour unions the latter would be more con- ciliatory. As to the constitution of the board, he thought they should have men upon it who were respected and who were qualified by their commercial experience to treat with such questions as might arise. He felt sure that if composed of people who had the confidence of employers and employees, Boards of Conciliation would do away with the feeling of unrest at present in existence. As long as the present state of affairs existed there was no doubt that people would refrain from bringing their capital into the colonies. (Hear, hear.) People were simply holding back to see what the result of these great labour disputes would be. If they had Conciliation Boards which would settle these disputes he had no doubt it would be much better for the colonies. (Hear, hear.) no almost agreed with Mr. Man so that the legal aspect should not come in. In the shearers' dispute there was no necessity for the legal element, and he really thought its presence would lead to irritation, and that they wanted to aVoid. ne felt certain that there were men on both sides who had sufficient respect for the public and for the law to allow of disputes being settled without reference to law. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BUZACOTT explained that he did not mean to convoy in reference to the decisions of those tribunals that they should have the power to enforce them by fines and imprisonment. What he had in his mind was that if men did not respect and abide by the decisions they would place themselves in an illegal position. There were a great many illegal things, and it did not follow that steps would be taken to punish them. He had been guided in arriving at his conclusion by what he was informed was the practical failure of Boards of Conciliation in England (hear, hear) which had been not only voluntary in their inception, but the observance of whose decisions had been voluntary. Unless there were some means of enforcing decisions they would be treated as waste paper (hear, hear-and no good would be attained. The PRESIDENT said Mr. Brydon had done a service to the community in introducing this matter, and he hoped the outcome would be some tangible scheme which would for the future enable the community to go on without the fear constantly imposed at the present time. A proof that the feeling in favour of Boards of Conciliation was abroad in the world at the present time, was, that a few days after notice was given of the last dispute the Chamber of Commerce of the associated chambers of Great Britain held a meeting, and a movement in the same direction was made, with the exception that the legal element was left out. He regarded that element as a weak point. He did not believe in punishment, and thought that if they could cause odium and disgrace to attach to those not obeying the decisions of the tribunal, they would be doing all that was necessary to commend their case in the eyes of other men. With respect to the organisation of the employers, he did not think they could make too much of it. They must lay the foundation there, and be prepared from that standpoint to enforce as fair an adjustment of things as they could. Prevention was better than care, and conciliation was an attempt to cure after the disease had made serious inroads. He thought it would be better if something like complete organisation between employers could be brought about. It would have an effect upon the other side-for a man who was able to enforce anything by the strength of his arm was generally respected. At present the labour organisations were assuming a power which, unless controlled by broad and intelligent minds, would react most disastrously upon the community. He did not think it would be wise to leave them the power, and he did not believe that they would use it judiciously. All history and experience showed that power acquired by men unaccustomed to it was generally _ used in * an unwise manner. It was quite clear that unless some curb or brake was put upon the the exercise of this power, things might go to sixes and sevens so far as commerce was concerned. The proposal to establish a Board of Conciliation was not a new thing. In France and Belgium it had been tried, and had been found to work advantageously. In these countries disputes were first referred to arbitration, and, following that, to a Board of Conciliation. An appeal was allowed from that to the ordinary course. It was only in remote cases that an appeal was made to the court. In nearly every case in dispute differences had been settled by the board, whose powers were vested in not less than twelve members, representing equally the labour ranks and the employers. Regarding the suggestion that there should be three apimiiited by the Government, he thought that perhaps it would be better to have only one, as he thought the labour organisations would object to three. Of course they wanted to let the labour organisations understand that all they were getting was simply fair play all round. He thought they might well carry the motion in something like the shape proposed by Mr. Brydon, and submit the same to the Chamber of Commerce. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt that some good would come of it after proper representation had been made to the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DE WISTOX said he had arrived at the conclusion that Mr. Brydon had acted rather hurriedly, and that his motion was a little premature. In the first place they could only go to the Government as the Chamber of Commerce, which after all was really a sort of mercantile union of Brisbane only ; it was a union capable of using its influence to great advantage, at the same time it was simply a union. Before they could go to the Government it would be the duty of the chamber to organise the existing employers' associations throughout the country. Having done that, they could go to the Goverment with a front powerful enough to carry weight. He held with Mr. Buzacott that it would be the duty of the Government to bring this matter before Parliament. These strikes and labour organisations had got beyond the old idea of being the result of more agitation. They must get away from the idea that these labour disputes were carried on by a few paid agitators. It had got to this Individual members of these federated unions were prepared to make what they (the employers would call, in their position, enormous sacrifices for the sake of carrying out the idea that they had set themselves to compass. He thought the time had come, seeing that they had just had a fierce storm, and were now enjoying a calm, to be prepared for another outbreak, which, in the ordinary course of things, would arise. The employers would have to be organised. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt that things had come to a serious pass. They could not look at it and say there was nothing in it. They themselves had admitted that labour was a great power, and until there was other power set against it, they would be placed at a disadvantage. If Boards of Conciliation were desirable, let them have them. He thought they might have a Board of Conciliation in every principal centre of population. He had no particular faith in turning the questioners to the Supreme Court. Federation was in the air, and if they were going to carry out their Employers' Union, as he hoped they were about to do, they might have a Board of Conciliation in different places, and in addition to that they might have a final court of appeal, which might be looked upon as the Privy Council was in London. Long before that they must organise, and, as a preliminary stop, he suggested that the motion should be altered so as to affirm the desirableness of the employers of Brisbane organising. (Hear, hear.) _ Mr BnYiiox, in reply, said organisation and federation were very well, but, a Board of Conciliation would effect the desired end without either. The matter in dispute would be referred to the board, and would by them be finally settled. An issue of the Worker stated that the men must put their foot down on strikes, as they were "barbaric, brutal, and pain making." The organisation of employers meant that employees would not have the ghost of a show, and would be simply pushed to the wall. (Crick of "No no.") He thought so at any rate. For what did the Darling Downs squatters propose to pay down £100,000? Why, to put an end to strikes. He thought that they would only be perpetuating the feud between labour and capital by tactics of the sort. Capital, was looked upon as a tyrant ; the labourer, however, was a man, not a beast or a machine ; but that they recognised that? [AMembor: "We all recognise that."] He did not think they did. With regard to the voluntary business, he thought that if Mr. Munro and the others had read over the Board of Trade report for 1888, they would find that the voluntary system did not work; that the decisions were sometimes accepted, sometimes not. What they wanted was something final and binding. (Hear, hear.) They might make the decisions binding and final in any way they liked ; but they should make them binding and final. With regard to the question raised by Messrs. Howes and Munro as to how a strike down South would affect Queensland, he looked at it in this way they would have Boards of Conciliation here, and all disputes would be referred to them. If there was a strike in Sydney and an effort was made to involve Brisbane labour, which might be perfectly satisfied with the present - conditions, their efforts would have no effect. If we had Boards of Conciliation here the men would not be able to go out on strike, because it would not be possible for them to do so. Any local differences which might exist would be subject matter for the consideration of the board, not for a strike. Mr. BUZACOTT pointed out that in the copy of the Worker which he had soon that afternoon the organisation of employers was strongly recommended. By general request Mr. Brydon withdrew his resolution, and in its place a resolution was carried that a special meeting of the chamber should be held to consider Mr. Brydon's motion. Prior to the commencement of the debate the following correspondence was read To the Townsville Chamber of Commerce, dated 10th May, asking for information with reference to steps taken by the chamber in regard to a Board of Conciliation. From the some under date 10th May, enclosing a report on Customs concessions and letter from the Collector of Customs. From different local bodies, with reference to the establishment of a fish market. From the consul of the Commune de France ville, New Hebrides, drawing attention to outrages committed on natives by European traders, and asking that the chamber would use its influence to bring the matter under the consideration of the Imperial authorities. From the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, enclosing copies of proposed uniform commercial charges. The letter from the New Hebrides was received, as were the other letters. It was decided to postpone the consideration of the inform charges until the next meeting. 