;u: : — A REAL PLAYBILL. " The folloAving is a literal copy of a curious playbill issued;in the year 179tt by the manager, of the Theatre Royal Kilkenny " Kilkemiy " Kilkenny Theatre Royal, by his Majesty's company of comedians. On Saturday, May 14, 1793, Avill be performed by com mand of several resp'eetable persons in this learned metropolis, for the benefit of Mr. Kearns, the tragedy of-; <Hamlet l ' originally Avritten and composed by the celebrated Dan Heys, of Limerick, and inserted in Shakspeare's Avorks. Ifamlet hy Mr. Kearns (being his first appearance in that character), who, betAveen the acts, Avill perforin seAreral solos on the patent bag pipes, Avhich play tAVO tunes at the same time. Ophelia by Mrs. Prior, who Avill introduce several fa\rorite airs in .character,, particularly 'The Lass of Richmond Hill, ' and ' We'll all be unhappy together,' from the Reverend Mr. Dibdin's ' Oddities.' The parts of the King and Queen , by the direction of the Reverend Father O'Callagait, AA'ill be omitted, as too immoral for any stage: Poloniux, the . comical politician, by. a young gentleman, being his first appearance in public. The Ghost, The Gravecligger, and Laertes, by Mr. Simpson, the Great London .comedian. The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes. To which--;, will' be added an interlude, in Avhich Avill-be introduced several, sleight- of-hand tricks, by" the celebrated sur veyor, Hunt. The Avhole to conclude \vith the farce of ' Mahomet the Imposter!' Mahomet by Mr. Kearns, Tickets to be had of Mr. Kearns,- at the sign of .the Goat's IBeard, in Castle Street. The value of- the tickets, as usual, Avill'be taken (if- required) in candles; .bacon, butter, cheese, soap, &c.;, as Mr. Kearns Avisbes, in every particular, to accommodate the public. "No person shall be. admitted into the boxes Avithout shoes or stockings. -:o:— Eihelie Melville and Verdi have been plajdng in tlie Royal Middy at Johannesberg, South Africa, Avith Wheeler's Opera Troupe. Emma Chambers is going from the Cape to London for a new company. 