A MEDIUM EXPOSED. (SAN FBAKCISCO CHBONICLE.) New York, 1st June.—Before the wondering eyes of twenty-five witnesses, and aided by the glare from two electric lights, a heartless charlutan, who for years has traded and grown rich on the most sacred secrets of the household, was exposed fully and completely on Saturday afternoon in the city of Brooklyn. The pretended spirit of • a dead woman was seized, held and exhibited by reporters to the dupeB who up to that moment had believed firmly and sincerely that they were face to face with the materialised form of one returned from the great beyond. So overwhelming was the evidence of fraud that the assemblage was not only thoroughly convinced, but half a dozen of the firmest believers were ready to invoke the aid of the law to punish the wretched creature, who, for a few dollars was ready to practice one of the most outrageous deceptions known to mankind. In the systematic preparation and the novelty of the conspirators' plans the exposure stands without parallel in the histoiy of similar events in any part of the world. Two storage batteries carried in hip pockets by two reporters and conuected with incandescent lamps of tencandle power each, concealed in inner vest pockets, furnished the light that was flashed in the face of tho bogus ghost and revealed the cowering medium as the personator. Her sharao and mortification were so complete that for pity's sake she was permitted to return to the cabinet, where in anguish of spirit she threw aside her spiritual toggery, dressed herself in every-day attire, and sobbed and cried and raved because she had been detected. The name of this so called medium is Mrs, Cadwell, and she lives at No. 244 Lexington Avenue, between Bedford and Nostrand Avenues, in the Twenty-third Ward of the city of Brooklyn. She is a married woman, about forty-eight years of age, and the mother of several children. Her husband lives with her, as do her sons and daughters. She has three servants, and her yearly income from her successful duping of the credulous cannot fall far short of £1,000. 