The White Ball. sn!rt, Si A- Poe s imaginary "Journey to the ,,—where he found the central fires—will ee,r!e fechng of passing for ever, appa rently, by the white walls and through the vast and silent sea spaces, empty of all except ice, so cleverly conveyed by the romancer. And, if any of those readers were present at the ball given by the commit tee of the Swedish-Australasian Antarctic Exploring Expedition, in aid of the exploring funds, at the Exhi bition Building, on Friday evening, December 19, doubtless something of the same eerie feeHng came over them from the ghastly immensity of the building, which would require about 3000 dancers to make it look cheerfully filled,—whereas, on this occasion, only about one- sixth of that number were present. Having resolved to have a ball at this late season.- the com mittee were certainly ill-advised as to the locality,— unless, with Poe in their heads, they wanted one which should be appropriately dismal. The Antarctic Com mittee and the supporters of exploration generally turned out bravely, however, in support of their project, and had erected a realistic iceberg on one side of the hall for the shelter of chaperons, wliile against the closed doors of ,the concert hall rose an Antarctic stage with a " set" familiar in those parts and with a few stuffed dodos, seals and walruses, and two " mov ing" -Esquimaux, who looked extremely uncomfort able with all- their furs, without a hut for dramatis personcc. By the bye, does the expedition expect to find Esquimaux at South Victoria ? The programmes were adorned with two crudely colored flags, support ing a view of the South Pole, which' apparently is composed of the Turkey lolly; once so fashionable here. Above this artistic effort- ruse a very blue sea sur rounded with pink icebergs, with a ship lowering blackly against a low sun. The back of the card showed the names of the Antarctic committee with bristling tails of initials, giving the reader a feeling of reflected not to say secondhand—dignity and learn ing. The Antarctic efforts of the promoters of the ball were but feebly seconded however by those who attended, for though there might be a majority of white dresses amongst the ladies there were few indeed amongst the gentlemen, and costumes, either striking, novel or appropriate were " far between," 2T importo. Those who had the cause of Antarctic explora tion, with its groat possibilities, at heart, were there, and as many people, were not there, who lyet were known to have purchased tickets it is to be hoped that a substantial benefit may accrue to the fund, such as may ensure, the starting of the expedition next year. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the ladies Estella and Dorothea Hope, Captain and the Hon. Mrs. Ackland-Hood, Captain Wallington, Lord Koseline, and Mr. .Ralston, arrived soon after nine o'clock, and joined in the opening set of Lancers, which was danced as follows :—His Excellency and Lady Clarke, the Mayor of Melbourne and Lady Estella Hope, Captain Ralston and Lady Dorothea Hope,^ Captain Wallington and Mrs. Ackland-Hood, Dr. Madden and' Mrs. Elkington, Baron Von Mueller" and Miss Ward-Cole, Mr. N. Fitzgerald and Mrs. Fuz gibbp'n, .Mr. A. O. Sachse and'Mrs. Gundersen. Later in'the evening the minuet was " danced, all the gentle men taking part in it wearing powder. The Ladies Hope wore white silk dresses with blue sashes. Mrs. Ackland-Hood, white silk dress, with gold braid, and galon j diamond ornaments. Lady Clarke wore the beautiful white dress, covered with roses of all shades, j which she wore at lier.own flower ball; diamond orna ments. Mrs. Lang, handsome grey brocade with chiffon frills j diamond ornaments. Miss 7 ang, heliotrope silk and chiffon ; the Mayor wearing his official evening dress. Mrs. Gunderson was in a trained gown of white silk. Mrs. Fitzgibbon in very handsome can de nil bro cade, front white lace and pearls j diamoud ornaments. Mrs. Elkington, handsome trained gown of sage velvet and light and dark brocade. Mrs. Jack Elkington, as the Antarctic Ghost, was well got up, but somewhat terrifying to weak nerves. Mrs. Warcl-Colo wore black silktwith heliotropo in cap, and.the Misses Ward-Cole, white silk with touches of heliotrope. Mrs. Hayter was -in rich crimson and velvet trained gown, with point lace petticoat of pale grey satin and handsome diamond ornaments, powder and patches, Mr. Hayter wearing the Windsor uniform for the C.M.G. Miss Hoil wore a blue silk dress covered with tinted lace, powder and patches. Mrs. Ploos Van Amstel's dress was composed of two shades of blue silk, Madame De jardin wore a handsome trained go<vn of white silk, as did Madame de Vicq. Mrs. R. S. Anderson was like wise in white silk. Mrs. D. Stewart represented Mother Shipton, in white satin and a broom. Opinions were divided as to what cnaracter Mr. T, Lempriere, the popular secretary of the Masonic Hall, intended to re present in his blue hooded gown. Some Inclined to Father Christmas, others to the Monk of the (Cork) screw. Baron Von Muellor, as usual, suffered eclipse behind his medals and a comforter. Mrs. Rndall wore black, and her daughters green. Miss Beckx was in white brocade. Miss Dorothy Drake was poudrte. in pink satin, Miss Anna Stcinhauer (Mrs. Bahnson) wore a beautiful and most becoming Scan dinavian national dress. Mrs, Johnstone Smart was in velvet gown of " broken " blue. Miss Roberts in gold color, Mrs. Crozier Durham in sage-green silk, Mrs^ Levien in rose-pink Batin, Mrs. Streeter in black lace iand amber velvet, Mias "Walter in Watteau drQ3s of blue satin and lace, powder and patches, Miss Josephine O'Brien in Watteau dress of delicately figured silk, with powder and patches, and Mr. P. de Jersey Grut, as one of the few gentlemen in white linen costume, were elements in the moving scene. Certainly the most novel dress present was that worn by Miss Atkinson —an academic gown and cap in pure white - the dress of the University of Enderby's Land, with crimson badge and silver letters, "B.Z.," which on enquiry, turned out to bo t ie lady's degree—Below Zero, Miss Gowland (Sydney) wore a pretty white silk ; and a characteristic figure—that may be met at the South Pole—was a veritable digger " clothed oh,"' with the red shirt and thigh boots of romance, who stalked through the crowd with a prospecting air. Mrs. Eouis Henry, elegant gown of gold brocade, with front of white satin embroidered in gold, and hung with gold pendants ; diamond ornaments. Mrs. Tackett, white silk, completely draped with chenille Tosca net ; bouquet of red carnations. Mrs. William Green, trained gown of black velvet, with Marie Antionette fichu of Maltese lace. Ma lame Baart, delicate shade of pink silk, completed with lis3e. Miss Lilian Blair, white lisse draped* over faille, and orna mented with seed pearls. Miss Florrie Blair, trained gown of vieux rose faille. Miss Brentami, pretty white costume of soft silk and lace, with applique ana fringe of small pearls. Mrs. Sabelberg, black faille, veiled in fine Chantilly lace. Miss Isabel Castilia, costume of Norwegian peasant, short pink cashmer. skirt strapped over white blouse, with bands of velvee Mrs. Lamb Smith, Venetian brown silk, prettily ornamented with clusters of pale pink roses. Mrs. R. Harris, handsome costume of white brocade and faille. Mrs. P. O'Brien (Hawthorn), trained gown of ruby velvet. Miss Green, soft pink silk witn pearl garni ture Miss (L. L.) Smith, pink faille and satin. Madame Wendlandt, white faille, draped in white lisse , striped with narrow jibbm. Mi3s 0. Camelc, costume of Snow Fairy—white silk or...vac Uc I wi.h c-ystals and swansdown pom-poms. Mrs. A Clar n.-cJoh istonc, costume of Snow Flake"—white silk dress, draped in light lace showered with snowflakes. Mr. A. Clarence Johnstone, costume of Youth—loose white flannel suit, blue sash and tie ; sailor hat with blue band. Mrs, George Griffiths, black velvet and jetted trimming and panels. Mrs. Leader, a magnificent Mary Queen of Scots dre3S. Alr3. "William Eiggall, handsome bro cade and silver passementerie. Mrs. John Henderson, black satin and old gold. Besides the gentlemen al ready mentioned, there were present in ordinary even ing dress—Sir William Clarke, 3d. Dejardin (Consul for France), the Hon. Felix Levien, Professor Kernot, the Chancellor of the University (Dr. Brownless), Colonel R. L. J. Ellery, Dr. Rudall, Mr. G. S. Griffiths, 3fr. H, Gunderson (Consul of Sweden and Norway), Mr. A. O. Sachse, Mr. A. C. MacDonald, Mr. H. R. Rusden, Mr, Steele Robertson, Mr. Johnstone Smart, Dr. Usher, Dr. uenry, Dr. Crozier Durham, Mr. David E. Davis, Herr Hermann Morris, Mr. Lamo Smith, and Baron Squitti (consul for Italy). The annual concert and distribution of prizes in connection with the South Melbourne School of Arts, was held in the Mechanics' Institute, South Melbourne, on Friday evening last. Mr. T. Smith, 3I.L.A., occu pied the chair. Daring the evening addresses -ere given by Messrs, J. Danks, Esq, J. Pand, Cr. E. D. Heather, hon. sec. of the School. Messrs. A. E. Parer and J. E. M'Micken deserve credit for the admirable programme of music and elocution they had prepared, andiw hich was very successfully carried out. The prize list was as follows :—Mr. C. V. Wilson's class—Misses M. Allen, E. Mcadon, E. Eyres, A. Thomas, M. Robb, K. Leslie, E. Clements, G. Matthews, M. McMillan, 31\. Heather, Messrs, M. Bucban. W. L. Bennett, E. E, Wearnc, W. Mattuews, E. Hancock, J. McNeil, E. Davies, Mr. T, Lambert's class -Messrs. A. Calvert, T. Gillighan, R. Bligh. 31. W. Farquhar's class — Messrs, B. Miller, Van Pelp, J. Small, E. J. Heather. Inducing pupils to join—Messrs. H. Bower and J. M'Neil. An exhibition of the pupils' drawings was held in the evening. A very successful fancy bazaar and cake fair was opened in the Recreation Hail, Surrey Hills, on Thurs day afternoon, December 18, by Mrs, William Cain, ex Alayoress of Melbourne, in aid of St. George's Church of England. The work exhibited w as done by the Principals of Campden College, 3Irs, and the Misses James and their pupils, together with the ladies of the parish, the former having three fancy stalls, and the latter the same number. A flower and a refresh meat stall, all of which were tastefully draped with different shades of art muslin. Daring the afternoons and even ings selections of music arranged as quartettes, trios and duets were played by the pupils of Campdeu Col lege, principally trained by Miss B. James, who deserves great credit and praise for the beautiful music which was thoroughly enjoyed. On Thursday evening .Mr. Sisley, the well-known elocutionist, re cited " Young Lochiniar" in a style which was above criticism. His two daughters, the Misses Barbara da*i Olive Sisley, also delighted the audience with recitations, which were given in a graceful waanev. The sum realized amounted to £100 clear. 