By flic liOtta Foimtniu. Three unknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from the old iron of Iiotta's Fountain. "This town is no place for me," said the firBt. 44 Altbouoh I aid the ftripfnsl Mhiri. momst Bureau, ay fame is overcast. Mdytr's Bureau for Private transaction pith poor and i hungry foreign princes has cooked ay goose forever." "JLiook cl rne." wlusperod a seconds "I was partly and rich; nowl am only & ghost of myself. I vrasait Eadowuieut Asscciatiou, and a party named Tobin exposed my little j game of Assurance." 44 Foolieh ones !" said a third. 44 You have made bad breaks, and must He low for a while. Bnt yoa, my dear Matrimonial, will still Hod Country Fiats and City Durict. You, my respected Endowment Association can pull op Efc&kea; and go. to Seattle. But 1 have no euch resource. I am Completely Dished." He polled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay. aou sic rigutw, - .""j DBtu, e pea King so gather. " We cannot associate with yon any longer. A Life-Saving aervire that docs not Save Life is somewhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself iua sand-hill." Bexjamin Franklin was once travelling in cold weather and saw no vacant place at tha tavern-fire' where he could warn; himself. He oried but tha order : "Half a peck of oysters in the shell for my horse." Upon this, all the fire-place crowd rushed out to see a horse eat ojBtera. - Very .eoon the hustler returned and said:' "Why, sir, -your horse won't est the oysters." " Wont he !" said Franklin, now comfort- fortably seated by the fireside ; " well, then, bring them in "and Cook tbdmand I'll eat them myself." A poDBKiror.i>aa diseovered tbat a spark from a neighboring conflagration had fallen opon hri own elightly slanting roof, ondhsd set fire to the phingles. All the buckets and tufas had gone to the big fire, and there was no one to send after them.-even had there been time for snob a measure ; hut the man was equal to the emergency. He rnebed to a pond near by. and deliberately sat down in me-warezv "To hn upstairs and out - upon the roof was the work of a moment, ami then he ' aat on" tbe file in more senses than one, and saved the house. It ia characteristic of some good- natured men always to agree with .those with whom, thcTconvCTiw It i« with them a'point olj politeness never to differ, which sort of j politeness, ie. certainly a very amiable kind of 1 tact." "We havkacapitalibstanoeofthevalue of this policy in the eensible speech ot the - man who; during one -of ibe Belfast riots, was asked by a ipob what hie religion was. lie did not know whether Kb interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, bnt he looked at their weapons, their bludgeons,' and their firearms, surveyed all oarefnlly and answered; Gentlemen, f antof the eame. opinion bb that gentleman ihere iwitb tbe big axe." , A CoirtXEn inihe Fiench ariny who had a great eye' for neatneas,' but not much of an ear for music, todk uocoBion one day to eom- plunenit hishiuid-master oh he appearance ofhlsinenl ' \- liTheir 1 uniforms are .neat," said tbe colonel, " and their instruments are nicely polished and kept in order, -but there is one Improvement that I must , insist upon." "Whatisit, colonel?" v Von giust treinyou mEn,when theyper- formj to lift tbar fingers all at exactly the same time and "at regular intervals on their instruments, as— one, two! one, two ln ' 