Vernon's Destiny. ; 'g CItArTKH xvx ( continued). Neil lassod Lit ns though tlioy lmd beon pnrtod for yours, : shook liands with his sistor, nnd nslcad ongorly, — 'Doesn't alio look liko a littlo whito gliOBt, Mog? I toll lior tho villngo "MMI.iJl. T 1 i. 1 If ; ' W'lil LUlUK X UUUb 11UL' I : - Thoro is uo four of that,' said . Mog, gontly ; 'but Neil, sho doos look vory tnod. I wnut you to spare lior to spond tho ovoiung quiotly with mo.' ' Why onn't you como lioro, Meg ? I should liko to lutroduao you to Mr. Donzil.' , 'I havo not tho smallest wish to know him. Papa's account of liirn was onouch for mo. : Can't von nnd your guost havo a bachelor tete-a-tete. nnd spare Lona to brighton my lonoliness?' ' Say "Tos," Noil,' intorposod his wifo. ' Indood, I must go to tho cottngo, for I invited uiysolf.' ' And how nro you to got homo ? ' 'Well, you gonorally see Mr. Donzil part of tho way homo. Escort him to-niglit as far ns tho Park gatos, thon you onn leavo him aud pick up mo in oxclinngo.' > 'All right ; you always got your own way, Lit.' 'I dosorvo it,' said Lona, with great soriousnoss. 'Now, Mog, I must ust bronlc. to cook. aud Jane tho hows of my temporary absonco, and I am rondy.' Tho inomont sho had loft tho room, Noil turnod to his sistor, — 'Don't you think Lit looks vory ill?' ' Sho looks worriod.' ' Sho has . nothing to lio worriod about. Sho is a dear girl, but sho will take tho most extraordinary projudicos.' 'That is a foimnmo privilogo. Wlint aro thoy about ? ' iiiquirod Mog, with nssumod calm. '"Woll, thoro's this man Donzil; he's not half ns black ns lie's boon paintod, nnd considering wo'vo got to / linvo him for a noighbour, I think wo'd much hotter bo civil to him.' . 'Civil, by all moans; but civility doos not roquiro intimaoy.' ' Hang it ! Mog, I do boliovo Lit's been talking to you. I assure you tho man's as right as possiblo now- Ho may liavo boon a littlo wild; but, thou, who linBn't ? ' ' - _ Mog was surprised at hor own impetuosity. Sho sprang up from hor seat, aud put a hand on hor brother's arm. ' Lot Mrj Donzil show you his wife woll nnd happy, with a smile on her fnco, and I will, bolievo all tho good you can say of him.' : 2 ' . ' lleally, Meg, you nro as bad as Lit. I havo oxplainod to liov over and ovor again that Mrs. Reginald Donzil is a most objoctionablo young woman, and all tho slights and rudo- noss wo havo roeoivod como from hor. A man can't holp it if his wifo is too bnd mannorod to cnll to soo hor own rolations.' 1 Husband nnd wifo ftro ouo,' said Mies Ohnrtons, soutontiously ; and thon sho was glad to bo sparod nil furthor private conversation by tho roappenrnuco of Lona, n largo black shawl on one nrm, nnd a small covorod baskot in bor hand. ' My donr child,' said Noil, laugh ing, ' Mog is quite ablo to provido j ou with ton. Aro you carrying a private Bupply of provisions in caso your nppotito roquiros more than sho has in tho cottago ? ' ' Perhaps ! 1 and Mrs. Chartoris oohood hor husband's laugh a littlo wistfully. ' Now, romombor, Noil, I don't mind how Into you como for mo, but it is not to bo boforo ton o'clock.' ' All right.' Tho sistors-m-lnw novor spolto until ilioy wore in Mog's own bodroom, wlion. Lona oponod tho baskot, and displayed its contonts with a littlo pride — a small flat candlestick, two candles, a lot of safoty matohes, and an opened lotter. ' lvead that, Mog. Could anything liavo happonod nioro fortunatoly ? With that I fool quito suro of suoooss-' It was a half-shoot of note-papor, and boro thoso linos : — " Moot mo at Chartoris Croon at nine, or as soon aftor as possiblo. — 11\. Dexzil." 'Lit, you must bo mad! What good can this paper do you i ' 'AH tho good in tho world. Mr. Donzil sont it to my husband yester day, and tho appointmont came off this morning ; but thoro is neither dato nor addrcBS. I am going to put It into a blank onvolopo and porsundo tho old housolcooper to give it to Lydia Cntt, tho maid who lioops guard . over Mrs. Donzil. Chartoris Croon is , mora than tlireo milos off, so that sho will havo to start at oight, and thon ' Lena's oyos glonmod with oxcite- ment, but Mog could not join in bor onthusiusm. bliss Chartoris folt really involved in a wild-gooso ohnso, and, bomg oommon-plnoo and mattor- of-faot by iaturo, she wisbod horself safoly out of it. ' Lydia Catt is suro to suspect that this is nothing but n honx. When Mr. Donzil could talk to bor in pri- vnto in any room at tlio Hnll, is it hkoly ho would nppoint an iutorviow tlivoo milos off ? ' ' Do you know, Mog, you nro wrong for oneo. This Cntt has a brothor (novor inind how I know it, I do know it) who koops a public houso at Chartoris Croon, and Mr. Donzil and his wifo's waiting-mnid liavo had a privato interview thoro boforo now. I think it was that first rousod my sus picions of foul play. I wns at my wit's ond what to do whon I found this noto on Noil's tablo. That nnd your suddon roturn liavo fillod mo with liopo.' ' And do you moan to go to tho Hall and confront Miss Catt ? ' ' I moan to send ouo of tho Lodgo childron up with tho noto.' ' Tlioy will lot out all.' ' I don't think so. Tho family at tho Lodgo hato Lydia Catt. In fact considoring how short a timo sho has boon lioro, sho is gonorally detosted. I shall promise Billy sixpence if ho tnkos tho noto and doos not say who sont it.' 'And tliou?' Tlioy woro book in tlio dining-room now, and Whito had brought ia toa. Mog laid slices of dolioato chicken and tasty ham on Lona's plato, hut thoy woro almost untastod ; tho girl soomod too oxcited, too overwrought to oat. 'I don't know,' and Lona laid down hor knifo and fork whilo sho looked into Mog's face, as though to demand hor holp. ' I should liko to creep in somehow without nnyono's knowing, onlv I fool suro it would vox Neil whon ho hoard of it.' Yos.' 'Thon I don't know whether I could trust the butlor ; you know ho aud his wifo woro loft in cliargo of tho houso, and Mr. Donzil brought down uo now servants oxcopt Catt. A young woman comes in to do tho washing up, Mrs. Raymond does tlio cooking, nnd hor husband waits at tablo.' ' Mrs. Raymond has known mo over sinoo I was a baby, Lit. I think sho would do anything iu tho world for mo. If you liko wo will walk over to tho Hall togothor ns soon ns you think Lydia Catt has started; thou I am protty suro I can porsuado Mrs. Ray mond to consent to anything you pro- pOBO.' 'Mog, you aro a darling; lot us tnlco tho noto down to tho Lodgo now and sond Billy off with it.' ' Make your sixponco a shilling, Lit, and toll liirn to watch till Miss Catt passos through tho lodgo gatos. I think myself she will go boforo oight ; sho will naturally prefer a light walk to a dark ono, and if hor brother koops tho publio houso ho would enter tain hor till tho master dined.' ' Meg, are you laughing at mo ? ' 'No, Lona, but I hato mystery and plots. I would ovor so much rather havo gone with you to Roginald Donzil himself, aud said point blank, "Wo nro your wifo's oousins, and wo won't leave this house till wo have soon hor.'" ' Oh, Meg ! I novor know anyone so downright as you aro. But you wouldn't havo seen her, mark my words ! ' 'Perhaps not. Lit, if > this exploit fails, will you promise mo to give up your romantio searoh ? ' 'I oan't do that, Meg.' ' Dear, do promise mo.' ' I'll promise you not to stir in tho matter again myself ; if I discover no thing to-night, to-morrow I shall send for Sir Guy Vernon, toll him nil I know, and loave tho rost to him.' Tlio sistore followed out Mog's pro- grammo. Tho noto was tnkon directly aftor toa, and tho woman at tho lodge promi80(i Billy should refuse to say who gnvo it him. ' Donr mo, Miss Chartoris, ' said tho old sorvaut rospoctfully, ' thoro's not ouo of us villagers but hatos that Cntt. I reckon wo'd all liko to rilo hor. I ofton pity our poor young lady, if it's true sho soos no ono olso hut that whito-facod croaturo.' Billy was back at tho cottago by sovon o'clock. Lydia Catt bnd passed through tho gatos and wns walking rapidly towards Chartoris Groon. ' Sho soomod in a raro talcing,' the hopotul youth nddod, ' aud had said sho wouldn't got back till long past ton.' Lit paid her shilling and Billy de parted, wishing for a similar job every day. Thon Lit and bor sistor-in-law looked at eacli other. Both folt tlio moinont had como, but neither likod to take tho first and docisivo ston. ' It is no uso delaying it,' said Mog stoutly. ' If your mind is quito mado up wo had bettor start at onco.' ' I am quito ready.' ' How you tromblo ! ' ' I fool as though I woro on tbo trnolc,' said Lena Chartoris, hor whito hands claspod togothor and tho fire of enthusiasm flashing from hor oyos. 'Mog, don't you fool oxoitod? Ro mombor wo aro about to avenge a groat wrong ! ' ' Wo don't know yot that thoro has boon any wrong,' said Mog, prosaic ally ; ' you had bottor wrap yourself up warmly, Lit ; tho September even ings aro chilly.' It sounded a littlo flat to the girl whoso broast boaved with an aihbition such as Lona's, who folt it as thoroughly hor mission to find out and roloaso her cousin ns ovor did Joan of Arc boliovo it hors to roscuo Pranco from tho English ; but Lit know Meg meant woll, and lot a fur-linod cloak of Lady Maudo's bo substituted for hor dark shawl without any demur. ' Now we aro roady ! ' 'Yos, I wish my tooth did not chattor so, it's just as though I were frightened ! ' ' You look just liko a littlo whito Lit,' rntortbd Mog. 'Ono thing, E remember, if it's all a dead and Noil is angry about it, do toll him I triod hard to dissuado you but you would go.' ' I don't think Noil will bo angry. I shall toll him I folt it to bo my duty. I would not havo gono nlono, Mog, but with you ho can't think it wrong.' Sho lount on Meg's arm ; sho had novor boon vory strong since tho acoi- dont in tho beginning of tlio year, and no ono know bottor than hor siBter-in- law what care nnd tenderness sho noodod; but Mog undorstood illness, nnd sho folt the secret anxiety gnawing at Lona's heart was doing hor far more harm than could como of this expe dition, however it ondod. . They walked on in perfect silonco till thoy reached the grand entrance. Meg rang the bell. ' Loavo it to me,' she snid kindly, as sho folt Lit's hand tremble on hor own. 'Tho daughter of ono Lord Chartoris, tho grand-daughtor of an- othor, and for fivo yonrs tho . actual mistress of this houso, I suroly havo a right to introduce mysolf to its prosont owner ; and no ono can find anything soandalous in my calling at this' hour, since it is woll-known I am only at homo for one day and a night.' So, though sho had sot hor face so fixedly against tho expedition, she now took tho wholo burden of it upon hor own shoulders. It was just liko Mog. Lona could only murmur hor grati tude ; in truth Noil's wife was fooling woak nnd overwrought from excite ment ; hor mind had planned tho sohomo woll, aud sho meant to go through with it; but sho was not strong, and hor powers were woll nigh spont, bo that but for Meg she might havo failed after all. ' Wo have not como only to see you,' Rfiirl TVfnrr. whmi tiiav warn fiftt/ihliflhorl in tho old housekeeper's private par lour, and trying to do justice to the home-mado cake and wino ; 1 the foot is, Mrs. Chartoris and I havo made up our minds to see Mrs. Donzil.' Tho old housekeeper throw up hor hands. ' My dear Miss Mog, it's impossible ; the young mistress sees no ono.' ' Havo you soon hor, Raymond ? ' ' I was thoro in the hall to welcome hor tho night when she first camo, Miss, but Mr. Donzil said she was nsloop ; ho and Miss Catt carried her upstairs to hor own room, and sho has novor left it since.' 'Raymond, you have known ns a long timo. I want you to answer'me frankly. Mr. Donzil gives out his wifo refuses to see any of hor own ralatives, that she is of a sulky, taci turn disposition, and likes to be alono — is it true ? ' ' But how am I to tell you, Miss Mog, whon I'vo never soon her faoo nor hoard tho sound of hor voice ? ' ' Mrs. Chartoris says — and I con fess I begin to share lior boliof — that our cousin may bo Bkut up hore against hor will ; that within a stono's throw of thoso who would wolcomo her as a rolativo sho is actually shut up a prisonor in hor own houso. Now, what do you think ? ' If Mog had oxpootod vohemont denial, or great surprise, slio was to bo disappointed. Mrs. Raymond folded hor withorod hands and nodded her old hoad emphatically. ' Dear Miss Mog, but that's what I'vo said to tho old man mysolf. Wo'vo talked it ovor many a 'time. I'vo listened at tho door for tho half hour togothor whon that Catt was out, hoping I'd hoar somothing, that if things woro wrong I might let the poor lady know thoro wns a humble friend she might trust; but I neyer hoard a single sound, not evon n moan, and whon I spoko to Adam he just shook his hoad and says it is not for tho liko of us to intorforo with tho quality, and that there couldn't bo much amiss with Mrs. Donzil whilo ho was frionds with Mr. Noil, and spent moro timo at tho Rosory than at his" own homo.' Lena throw up hor hands, and a low sob escaped hor. ' I told you so,' sho snid, half ro- prouchfully, to Mog. ' I felt wo woro sharers in tlio wrong.' As for Mog Chartoris, sho soomod anotlior croaturo. Sho had boon singularly averse to the expedition, but now that sho was actually here sho espoused tho unknown Hoien's causo as hoartily as Lona could desiro. ' Raymond,' sho snid, gravoly, ' I havo como here to-night to soo my cousin. You know that I was onco mistress horo, that in sort I may claim to reprosont my father and mother, both absent in a foreign land. By all tho years you havo sorvod our family, by tho loyalty you owo to tho name of Chartoris, I domnnd admission to Mrs. Donzil's rooms for my sister and for mysolf ! ' ' Iudood, indeed, Miss Mog,' said tho old woman, eagerly. ' I should liko nothing bottor than for you to soo tho poor young lady. It's gone to my heart ofton to think how lonesomo sho wns ! ' ' Thon show us tho room.' ' But tho door's looked.' Meg's oyos shone with indignation. Sho might bo slower far thnn Lit in hunting out a wrong, but onco dis- covorod sho was second to none in hor horror of it. ' Do you moan that thoy actually havo her looked up ! hor husband and. tho woman thoy call hor maid.' ' I mean just that, Miss Oharteris.' And you have suffered it ? ' ' I bog your pardon, Miss Mog, but how could I prevent it ? a poor woman liko me.' 'You might have gono to Doctor Chartoris. You might have writton to iny fathor.' ' I should have gono to Lord Char toris right enough, Miss Meg, but he is in foroign parts, and my old fingers woro novor good at writing. Of what use was it to speak to tho doctor, when Mr. Donzil was hand and glove with him, so to Bay.' Both tho girls winced. ' And thoy took her up,' persevered Meg, returning to the ohargo, 'and you never even remonstrated? 'I did- that, Miss Mog, but that Catt woman just up and told me to mind my own business. What was it to mo ? sho asked, if hor lady had a horror of fooling that anyouo iu this groat, lonoly houso might break in upon hor suddenly. Mrs. Donzil was vory nervous, sho said, and specially feared mooting any of hor relations. Suroly, if she asked Catt to look the door, it was Catt's duty to look it ! ' ' And what did you say, Raymond ? ' ' I didn't know rightly what to say, ma'am, but I folt suro somothing was wrong, and you couldn't havo felt moro unoasy yourself, nor ypu either, my dear Miss Meg, than I havo done lately ! ' ' J ust toll ns all you can — who takes up the meals. I suppoBo thoy don't starve tho poor croaturo altogether ! ' . ' Mrs. Donzil has four moals a day, Miss Mog, and I take thorn up mysolf as far t as tho dressing-room door ; Catt sho comos and fetches them from me thoro.' ' And you never hoar Mrs. Donzil's voioo ? ' /Never! \ 'And whon people have tried to soo hor ? ' . ' Ah ! Miss Meg, thoro havo boon a dozen cards left this week, the message is Mrs. Donzil is too unwell to receive anyono. Onco or twioo with old frionds of the family who've boon passing I'vo taken tho cards up thyself and knocked at tho dressing-room door; but Catt has always laughed nnd called mo a fool for my pains.' ' Has she not taken tho cards and asked hor mistress's wishes ? ' ' No, ma'am. It was that firBt mado mo BUBpicious. That Catt ain't a bit liko a servant. She snvs sho nf.tnnilnrl hor lady whon she first came from sohool, and that ehe has been with her over sinco ; but to my mind she's more the mistross than the maid.' ' Eight o'clock ! ' exclaimed Lena, as the hour chimed. ' Mrs. Raymond, wo must bo safoly back to Eir Cottago before ton, so that wo havo no time to loso. Will you take us to Mrs. Don zil's rooms ? ' . ' But the door's looked, ma'am ! ' ' I can't boliove it is locked on the outside. I boliovo whon Mrs. Donzil hears who has como to soo her, she will at once turn tbo koy and ad mit us;' Lena- lighted ono of her candles. Her peculiar aversion to Mr. Donzil mado hor Beamingly objoct to bo in debted to him oven for a lamp. Then she motioned to the housekeeper to lead tho way. Mog followed last of all. She noticed that Lona's courage had all roturned now. Sho looked able to conquer all obstaolos. Hor dark oyos flashed with hopo. Certainly, she had mado up her mind to triumph. ' Horo ? ' cried Miss Chartoris, in- orodulously, when their guide stopped. ' Why those rooms were never thought much of in my timo. I should never havo thought them good enough for any guest except a bachelor. To think thoy should bo allotted to tho mistress of tho house ! ' 'You soo,' said Mrs. Raymond, in a tone fit to make any one's blood run oold, 'Mr. Donzil lias rooms in the main wing. Maybe, Miss Mog, if he is a doing of his wife to death — which I'vo ofton thought possiblo — bo'd like to sloop as far away as ho could lest ho should hoar her groans.' Lit shivered. Mog felt hor flesh oroop, but she said sharply, — ' You said just now there was no sound ever hoard — not even a moan.' ' I said I had never hoard anything, Miss Chartoris,' contradioted the old woman. 1 Has anyone over heard anything ? ' ' Adam said onco he was passing, and he hoard sounds fit to make his heart aohe. Miss Meg, liston! Sure that's it now ! And in truth, a low wailing like a human ory, only, if possible, moro weird and piteous, mado itsolf hoard. Mog had never in hor life listened toanything so awful. Lit had grown wifito as her own oandlo. ' It is liko a dirgo,' sho whispered, faintly, ' or liko tho cry of an Irish banshoo. Oh, hush! Thoro it comes again ! ' And it did — londor, more weird, moro piteous 6ounded that strange awful wail. Meg stopped hor ears. Tho sound torturod hor. It soomod only to strengthen Lona'B rosolvd. ' You will stand by me, donr,' sho said, simply, to her sistor-in-law. ' I havo made up my mind, whatever happens, I do not loavo this house uutil I havo entered Mrs. Donzil's room, ovon if I met her husband face to faco. I shall stnv till T hnvo solved this cruel mystery.' ' And I will stay witli you.' Tho wailing died away; tho two girls crept a little nearer each other. As for Mrs. Raymond, sho was on hor kneos praying loudly to ho saved from ghosts. ' Hush ! ' said Lena, ' be perfectly quiet.' And thon, when a silonco roigno'd so intense it was almost pain to hor over charged heart, sho bont down and put her oar to tho key-holo. 'Noll!' sho said, in a low, oloar whisper, 'wo want you to open tho door to us. "Wo aro your cousins, and wo want to liolp you. Your friend Sir Guy Yernon is our friend too — ho would bid you trust to us.' f'l'o be continued. J 