tarSun. In pioneer days, Dinger^ Ron, or Old Tar, as theinhabitantefaèetiouslycalled it, had, the reputation of, being haunted; and the stories told of jjbo^^ wereweE feel nervous ii the road aftep- AlthougfaJtwaB ts and sounds.j a timid person ^himself alone qn lie fact that the its were those who thirst at the Three they started on their many were credulous journey homé, ^ enough to believe the tales that were told, and^umerous were the ludicrous scenes and VTighnJilô njyâftjBjjS" that occurred in con- One old toper, who had not been gifted with second sight, sneered at the marvellous adventtores othjs friends of tlie bar-room, and came to the Conclusion that he also would fiee^agfhdst i^jit were to be seen at alL • . ' * " " Aecordingly/'one' nigbt, after he had fortified himself with afew drinks, and had stared a full bottle in his pocket, he started for home with the avowed determination of seeing a spectre if possible. Not far np the Bun was an especially haunted spot, and here our toper stopped to watch for the ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat he espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited ^îimaolf to wait until the midnight intruder putin an appearance. "And there I sat and watched for that blamed old ghost to come," he afterward said, when relating his experience ; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not know anything until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in a hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and knocked me off for spite. But"—this with a snort of disgust—-"I did not see any sperrets, and I'll be hanged if I believe there is any; and if the fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, they would not see one either." Another man—a young one—did not fare quite so welL He had escorted his lad; love home from church, one night, and hac to pass the haunted place to reach his home nga.în. After lingering as long as he dared, he started for his destination. The night was intensely dark, and tomake it worse, a drizzling rain had set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectre's haunt. There was no way of escape; he musts go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, he essayed topass the spot as quickly as he could. But just then he hearaa slight sound, and stumbled on something lying in the path, which something, with a bellow of affright, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-seer with it for a few yards, and then dropped him,-half dead with ;ht. low he reached home the youth never knew, but reach there he did in a short space of time. Then, when he had recovered from his fright, and collected his scattered senses, he knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost when he fell, and he was sure he had stumbled upon it. And now comes a strange sequel to our Strephon's adventure. Some years afterward, a tinbox filled with gold and silver was found under the very spot on which he fell; and it would, be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Bun that bis disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible 