' HOW I AWOKE IN HELL.' LEAVE3 FROM A DEiD MAN'S DIARY. The anonymous dead man, writes onn London correspondent, who commenced his phenomenal reminiscences In the February number of Lippincotts, gets ta serious business in the next issue. When he first returned to life the subject seemed too solemn to turn to account for copy, and each of the several years which have elapsed since he died nave taken away Borne part . of the recoileccionB. He asserts, however, that his reminiscences, vague and fragmentary as they are, have been scrupulously kept within the accu rate limits of hia recollection. He ;has never filled In a missing outline, but has given the picture exactly as he sees It. Resuming hla narrative he tells us that although he remained in the spirit realm only two days, it seemed tc him weeks and months and years since his real death, and the hear that he became conscious of that death. THE VISION OF MY PAST LIFE. Whether my death was succeeded by a season of slumber, in which certain ap pointed and divinely- ordered dreams were caused to be dreamed by me, or whethec God caused the hands on the dial of Time to be put back for a space in order that £ might see the past as He sees it, I neithes knew nor know, butl distinctly remember, that the first thing of which I was con scious after my dissolution was that tha events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, It was my past life which I saw in that awful moment, my past life stand ing out In its own naked and Intolerable horror, an abomination In the sight of God and of my own conscience. The hands on the dial of Time went back half a score, a Ecore, and finally a score and a half of years, and once more I was a young man of 21. The chambers in which I was then living were situated in one of tha well-known inns oft Holborn, and tha housekeeper of the wing where I was quartered was a widow, who, with hen daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can ba im&glned; wibhout being told. Both were young, impressionable, and opportunity was not lacking for an acquaintance whlctr a thunderstorm ripened in a moment into ungovernable passion. She occupied the room over his chamber, and after long struggling with temptation he fell. My passion had but simulated defeat, as passion often does, in order that It might turn In an unguarded moment, and rend me with redoubled fury. The nests moment I saw my last gasping effort ta will what was right and true sink amid the tempestuous sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man sinkB after he has risen, foe the third time ; and deliberately thrusting; away, in the very doggedness of despair, the Invisible hand which yet strove to Btay me, I rose and Bought the room which I had prayed I might never enter. MY FIRST GLIMPSE OF HELL. Yon may wonder perhaps how Ifc fs that I am able to recall so vividly tha circumstances of an event which hap pened many years ago. Ton would ceaaa. so to wonder had you seen, as I have seen,, the ghost of your dead self rise up to cry fcr vengeance against you, and to condemn; you before the judgment-seat of God and of your own conscience. For this was my first glimpse of hell ; this was my day of judgment. The recording angel of mjf own Indestructible and now God« awakened memory showed me my pasts life as God saw It, and as It appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had so long contrived to hide my own moral nakedness. ?WHAl BEEPS HELL HELLa The one thing of all others which added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of the false and lying excuses with which I had striven to pal« Hate my Bui to myself. This Is the way In which I had re* peatedly striven to silence my conscience,' and it u but one Instance of the way la which many others on this earth are now striving to ailence theirs. 'For God'a sake,' I would say to them, *' beware 1'*, Such hardening of the heart against tha Holy Spirit, such God-murdering (for It is the wish to kill God and to alienee Hla voice for ever) fa the one unpardonable sin which Is a thousandfold more awful la ItB consequences than Is the crime which It seeks to conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soul of him who hung by tha dying Saviour ; and It b, I believe, at this moment the one and only thing which still keeps hell hell and Satan Satan. THE AGONY OF THE DAMKED, I remember that when the realisation of what 1 was, and what I had done, was first borne In upon me, I fell to theground and writhed In convulsive agony. Tha tortures of a material hell— of a thousand material hells — I would have endured with jo j fulness could such tortures have drowned for one moment the thought agony that tore me, Mere physical suffer* ing in which, though It were powerless to expiate, I could at least participate by en during, I would have welcomed with de lirious gladness, but of such relief ob diversion of thought there was none. Ta annihilation, had such been then within my reach, I would have fought my way through a thousand devils. But In hell there Is no escape. I remember that I rose tip In my. despair, and Btretchlng vain hands to tha impotent heavens, Bhrieked out as only one can shriek who is torn by hell- torture and despair I fell to the ground and writhed and foamed In convulsive and! bloody agony. But not thus could I rid myself of the Bights of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of the ruin I had wrought, and then — but no, I am sick, I am 111, I aaj fainting, I cannot, I cannot write more. 