LECTURE.—Tliis afternoon, at three o'clock, Mr. O. A. Crichton will deliver a lecture in tibe Athenaeum Hall " Fruit Culture as an Agricultural IndustryThe admission is free, and a large attendance of all persons interested is earnestly requested, as til ere can be no doubt that n lecture from Mr. Cricbton (together with a personal interview), will be more easily understood, and will be of more nse, to intending fruit-growers than information gathered from boots. BOARD OF ADVICE VACA.NCT.—Intending candidates are again reminded that nominations must be in the hands of the returning officer, Mr. Hutchinson, before 1 p.m. on Monday next. MB. C. P. BOKD, who has been at the Elmore branch of the Bank of Victoria since early in December, 1888, left here on Tuesday to take the position of tel ier in the Sandhurst bank. It is pleas ant to note the success of those who, though ooly temporarily engaged in the township, assist, during their stay, in its well-being and in the social amenities which form such a desideratum in quiet up-country centres; and we fed sure that all will join with as in congratulating Mr. Bond on his advancement, though regretting his departure. His connection with the Chnrch of England, the Mutual Improvement Association, and the Football and Cricket dubs was of a character to deserve notice and commendation; and in wishing Mr. Bond a. mwesful and happy future we may express the hope, which we are I assured is joined in by Mr. Goode, under whom he served, that in his successor we may " meet his like again. SDKDAY SCHOOL AKKIVEBBAET.—On Sunday last the Bible Christian Sunday school celebrated their anniversary. Three eloquent and impressive sermons were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening by the Rev. H. Yeo, of Sandhurst, and the children sang and recited at intervals during the service. The singing reflected credit on their instructor, Miss Hughes, who for some weeks past has had the scholars Under her caie. Each service was well attended. The occasion was further celebrated ca the following evening, when a public meeting took place. The church was filled. The Rev. R. Oates occupied the chair. The children sang hymns at intervals during the evening, aud appropriate and thoughtful addresses were delivered by the Revs. H. Yeo, R. Yeo, E. Alday, and R. Oates. The following scholars gave recitations:—/my Hughes, Isa Heil, Katie Parry, Harrietts Simonsen, Mary Kortum, Carrie Clemens, Luke Clemens, Alice Clemens, and Mary Kortum and Katie Parry gave a dialogue; the Misses J. Hughes and Clemens also recited very nicely ;. Messrs. T. Sliottan, J. R. Hughes, and B. Hughes also contributed recitations. Th« Sunday school report was read by the secretary, Mr. T. Shotton, and disclosed a satisfactory state of affairs. A comprehensive vote of thanks was carried with acclamation, on ^le. motion of Mr. Clemens,, eecorafedAiyiMr. Jbddren. ! RAIN commenced to fall late on Monday night, the amount registered on the following morning being 44 points. Six points fell oU Tuesday, making up a total of half an inch. The days are now cool, bright, and bracing—a very welcome change from an exceptionally hot summer. A supply of good, clear water readied Elmore on Thursday, the 20th inst*, from Malmsbury, and the River is now running a fair stream. WE regret to say that Mrs. Clarke, of the Bridge Hotel, who has been seriously indisposed for some weeks, and has latterly been much reduced by persistent hemorrhage, continues in a very precarious condition. Though the bleeding has been stopped, her present state is considered very critical by Dr. Taaffe, her medical attendant. BOMHEDE JOCKEV CLUB. —A meeting of members will be held at the Hall on Wednesday evening, when it is hoped there will be a good muster, as it is most important that a greater interest should be shown in the proceedings than generally obtains. That ours is not so prosperous as neighboring clubs, it is well-known is due to the indifference of some of the member? of whom something more sportsman and business like is expected. With such an excellent course, the local meeting should be one of the most popular in the district. SALE AT COLBISABBIX.—Messrs. J. J. Hayes and Co. will on.Thursday next offer for sale, on the ground, Colbinab bin, horses, cattle, sheep, implements, ic., the property of Mr. S. West, who has let his farm, and everything most consequently be sold. RUNNYMEDE.—-The receipts and ex penditure in connection with the local cemetery for 1869 are published in last Friday's *'Government Gazette," and art as follows:—Receipts: Balance, £7 3s 2d; fees for graves, iu^ £11 2s 6d ; total, £18 15s Sd. Expenditure: Office expenses, 18s 6d; works, £5; balance, £12 17s 2d; total, £18 15s Sd. The cemetery trustees are Messrs. Ferguson, Cunneen, and Osborne. THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIA- TION.—On Tuesday evening the usual weekly meeting of meoiliers took place in the" Hall. There was an attendance of about thirty persons, the Rev. T. W. Davis presiding. The secretary read tibe minutes of last meeting, which were confirmed, on the motion of Mr. W. Jones, seconded by Mr. B. Hughes. The election of a vice president, in the room of Mr. R. R. Wearing, deceased, then took place. Mr. Cox (railway) proposed, and Mr. W. Jones seconded That Mr. R. K. Thomas be elected to the position." This was unanimously carried. Mr. Thomas thanked the meeting for the honorable position they had elected him to fill The secretary then read a letter from Mr. C. P. Bond, resigning his position as treasurer of the Association, owing to his removal to Sandhurst. The chairman made some complimentary remarks, staring that not only would the association miss him, but his removal would be a loss to the community at large. Mr. W. Jones proposed—"That Mr. Bond'6 resignation be accepted, with regret," and in doing so spoke flatteringly of Mr. Bond as a friend, and as member of the association. Mr. Cox seconded the motion. The meeting then proceeded with the election of a member to occupy the vacant position. Mr. Cox (railway) proposed—" That Mr. B. Hughes be elected treasurer;" seconded by Mr. Thomas, and carried. The chairman then introduced Mr. J. B. Jones to the audience, for another of the series of health lectures which that gentleman has been delivering for a considerable time, and which have been much appreciated. The subject treated was "The Eye," and the lecture was full of instruction and practical bints. At tin conclusion, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Jonea, on the motion of Mr. Cox (railway), seconded by Mr. Thomas. Messrs. Cor and Davis made a few remarks on the lecture, after which the former gentleman proposed a discussion—"Do we believe in ehostef—which was seconded by Mrs. J. Mloskey, and carried. The President and MMRS. OOX (railway) and J. B. Jones took part in the discussion. Mr. Davis believed in ghosts, the definition, according to his opinion, being the spirits of the departed appearing to us in this world. Messrs. Cox and Jones held the opinion that they were simply optical delusions. At 10 o'clock the evening's "programme was brought to a close. VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.—A meeting of this committee will be held in the committee-room of the Athetueum on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock sharp, to receive correspondence and consider the local railway question. THERE has been no business transacted at the Police Court during the week. THE Pyramid Hill Agricultural Society resolved at a special meeting to oppose the proposal to amalgamate societies offering less than £500 iu prizes. THE Traralgon district is going ahead in the establishment of creameries, the results of which are exceeding expectations. There will shortly be four factories woiking.-there. AKOTHKR successful ascent of Mount Kosciusko has been made by Dr. Wilkinson, of the Bright Alpine Club, Mr. Rix, inspector of schools, Beechworth, and Mr. Pallett, of Sandhurst. The party were fog-bound for a day and a half. THE Waranga Shire Council meet on Tuesday, and the Hiintly Council on Thursday next. To CONTRACTORS.—In another column the Waranga Shire - invite tenders for works in die Westtrp riding, to be sent in. pot later than. 3;jiLai .on Tuesday next. THREE prisoners were «ach sentenced to three years years' hard labor by Mr. Justice Williams in the Criminal Court on Friday. The delinquents were Selina Davies, chargcd with child abandonment ; Nelly Corn", convicted of unlawfully wounding; ami Jonas Lancely, found gnilty of an indecent assault upon a girl under the age:of 12 years. The two women received terms of solitary confinement as well, hat Lancely, on ac count of his old age; escaped with imprisonment alone. DIVINE SERVICES will be held in the Bible Christian Churches on Sunday next, as follows:—Elmore, Mr. T. D. Sleep, morning, Rev. R. Oates, evening. Coiop, Mr. T. D. Sleep, evening. Mount Pleasant Creek, Rev. R. Oates, morning. Goornong, Rev. R- Oates, afternoon. TOE Richmond Cricketers will pay their annual visit to Elmore this year, and play the locals on Easter Monday. The names of the Elmore team will appear next week. MANAGEMENT OF PASTURES.—On Saturday afternoon (writes the Inglewood correspondent of the "Advertiser*'), Mr. Crichton, a member of the Agricultural department, attended at the local town hall for the purpose of delivering a lecture on the management of pastures, but on account of the sparse attendance the lecture was postponed until Wednesday. Mr. Crichton had arranged varied and interesting specimens of natural and imported grasses, also samples of salt bushes, the whole of which were minutely examined by those in attendance. A COKBESPONDENT writes—It is, I believe, a very general observation of travellers in Victoria that all the intel ligence appears to have congregated in the towns. There is a dislike amongst the educated classes to have anything to do with farming pursuits. The cause is not far to seek. The intelligent, educated man finds himself sur- •rounded by adass.possessing very little with him in common, wnd in many instances he is an object of hatred rather than of respect. His attainments and respectability wound the susceptibilities of his neighbors, and he is glad to escape from a society so ungenial to his tastes and habits. It is not so in the other colonies, or the evil is far less in magnitude. The laijd in Victoria has been given away to men whose earth hunger should have been restricted to at most 80 acres, and held under stringent conditions as to improvements, Ac. When I take a tour into the country, as I sometimes do, my mind misgives me as to the future when I see the thousands of acres that might in proper hands be profitably employed, sustaining a few head of half-starved cows and worthless animals of many breeds. COURTS.—Mr. P.M., has made- the following local appointments for licensing courts and petty sessions:—Licensing court, Elmore, Saturday, April 12; licensing court and petty sessions, Elmore, Wednesday, April 16; licensing court and petty sessions. Rochester, Wednesday, April 16 ; petty sessions, Huntly, Wednesday, April 2. A LARGE ORDER.—The fact that the Bendigo wines are steadily making their way to the front in the English market is conclusively shown by the fact that orders are increasing in magnitude every year (savB the * Bendigo Advertiser''). A firm in Amsterdam to whose order Mr. Albert Brahn, the well- known vigneron of Mundy-street and Emu Creek, has on previous occasions forwarded quantities of wine, has now m a c given that gentleman an order for one thousand hogsheads of wine, to be selected by him. Under certain conditions, the order will be increased to fifteen hundred or two thousand hogsheads. This fact shows unmistakably that consumers at the antipodes are beginning to appreciate the excellence of our wines. THE ST. KIU>* MDBDEB.—An extraordinary afikir took flaw on Monday night at BL Hilda, when George Thomas May, aged 29, the sen of a local nurseiyman, was found dmd almost at hu father s door. May had evidently been shot with a revolver, and the absence of a weapon, and the general surround-1 ings of the case pointed to murier. De-jf tective Causey, who was put in charge \ of the case, soon found reason to suspect; John Henry Bennett, 16 years of age, and a nephew of deceased. He chal- ; lenged Bennett with the crime, and the i latter «inf«ai«l to it. The motive for I the crime he avows to have been revenge | on May for illtreating his sister, hence j Bennett's murder of him. The lad is thought to be insane. He was on I Wednesday coommitted for trial, on a I charge of wilful murder. 1 IRRIGATION CONFERENCE.—A confer- j ence of agriculturists, engineers, and others interested in irrigation was com menced at the Lands Office on Tuesday. The members of the conference have been selected as experts, and a syllabus of subjects to be spoken upon has been prepared. It is not too much to expect that the result of the conference will be productive of much good, and that irrigation on a scientific and practical basis will be furthered by the ventilation of j the *' subject •" • * by experienced — J "—'—^—wh irrigationists and engineers. We notice that Mr. F. K. Shaw of Goornong, is down for a paper in Class V.—Irrigation of orchards and vineyards. TESDERS for Huntly Shire road works are advertised in another column, receivable up to Thursday next, at 11 a.m. THE Rev. Mr. Kinsman is to be summoned in connection with the performnce of the marriage ceremony in the case of the girl Thompson, a minor, and it is stated that evidence will be giren showing dearly that Kinsman knew the alleged consent of the mother was not genuine. SERVICES will be held in the Weslevan Churches on Sunday, as follows:— Elmore, Supply, morning; Rev. E. Alday, evening. Pannoomilloo, Mr. Cox (Pannoomilloo), afternoon. Pinegrove, Rev. E. Alday, morning. Warragamba, Rev. E. AJday, afternoon. TENDERS are called in last week's " Gazette" for the works in connection with the formation of a reservoir at Waranga Swamp, near Rash worth. An INTERESTING EXHIBIT.—One of the most interesting exhibits at the fruit carnival held in the Melbourne Exhibition building last week was (says the Age) the dairy in full operation shown by the Fresh Food and Frozen Storage Co. Ltd., which attracted a large number of visitors. The plant employed was a De Laval cream separator : a concussion churn for working the cream into butter ; a Cherry's patent butter worker, for extracting the buttermilk and working in the salt; and a machine for pressing the butter into the half pound pats in which it is sold. In addition to these, which were shown at work, several slabs of frozen milk were exhibited, as well as ice iuto which bouquets of flowers had been frozen. The milk in its frozen stale is largely nsed on board ships coming to and going from the port, and possesses the great merit that it can be carried for any distance in a properly constructed chamber without any of its qualities being impaired. A thriving trade was done in the products of the company while the carnival was being held, and the working of the various machines was explained by the attendants. Two or three milk coolers were shown, but they were not at work, and a number of dairy requisites of various kinds made up a most interesting collection. EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS.—The Duke of Manchester died last week from peritonitis.—The shipment of Australian vegetables in London proved a failure, —Labor question in Germany causing increasing anxiety.—Reported that Mr. W. E. Gladstone'meditates an early re tirement from political life.—Sir Gra- Berry, now in London, sanguine that the four million pounds loan will be successfully launched after Easter.—Prince Bismarck has resigned his position as Chancellor. ENGLISH CAPITAL AND BENDIGO VINEYARDS.—It is stated that negotiations are proceeding for the purchase by an English firm of some of the vineyards in the Bendigo district. There is every probability of a sale being effected. THREE thousand men are expected to be in camp this year at Langwarrin. THE FUNERAL OF MR. G. SONDER, who resided at Mount Pleasant Creek, took place on Sunday (writes our Toolleen correspondent). On tbe morning of his death to all appearances he was in fairly good health, aud went about his work as usual, and then began to prepare his buggy to go out with his wife for a drive, when be felt a chill come over him, and made into the house. His wife tried all she could to put him right, but in about an hour and half he expired. A magisterial inquiry was held on Saturday and showed that death resulted from congestion of the lungs. His body was interred in the Goornong cemetery on Sunday, a great number of people following the corpse. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. T. Riding. Suitable hymns were sung on the occasion, and the service was impressive. Mrs. Sonder, as soon as the service was concluded at the grave, fainted. Much sympathy is felt for the suddenly-bereaved widow and child. \- SEVKSTEEX indies of rain fell at Ravenswood (Queensland), on Monday within 24 hours. At Sydney, the rainfall was nearly 6 indies. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT. —It is now practically settled (says tbe ** Argus'") that Parliament is to -meet for the - of business in the third week in Ky, and arrangements are being made . „ - . ... .. . - by the Government with that object in: view. Tbe first business after the con-' sideration of the address in reply will very likely be on tho Federation Conerence resolutions, and the appointment of delegates to the proposed Federation Convention. Afterwards the Railways Construction Bill will be dealt with. The draft of this measure has already been prepared by the officers of the Railway department, and on Tuesday it was before the Cabinet for two or three hours. Ministers find themselves confronted by a vast task. The consideration of conflicting claims, and the determination of the policy to be pursued in making extensions in Gippsland and other remote districts, will involve great labor, and it is not expected that the bill will be out of hand until the eve of the meeting of the houses. Frequent sittings in Cabinet will be held henceforward. THE CARRIAGE OF FBCIT.—Representatives of fruit-growers on Tuesday interviewed the Railway Commissioners with a request that the minimum quantity of fruit allowed to lie sent by rail should be lowered, as also the charges, ich at present were prohibitive. Instead of +S. 6d. per case of 60 lbs by passenger train and 3s. by goods train, Is. per case would, it was stated, be quite sufficient, and if this alteration were made, fruit would be cheaper to the consumer, whilst the grower would get more. 