CHRISTMAS DAV. Tho Christinas of 1890 was very much like its predecessors, in the fact that it passed away very quietly-so quietly, indeed, that its coming and Its going have alike been almost imperceptible. So far as the weather was concerned for Christmas Day itself, it could hardly have been better. Certainly, the heavy black and grey clouds of the early morning did not augur a very dry holiday, but the rain with which they were charged gave no inconvenience to the many pleasure seekers, for lt never fell, and the clouds only served to temper the heat. The merriment of the preceding night had passed away, and the city was exceptionally quiet all day. All thc hotels were closed-or were supposed to bc closed-and tho streets wore very orderly. In the carly morning there was a little activity caused by people crossing to the North Rockhampton Railway station for the seaside, or en mute for other holiday haunts, but by noon this had passed away. After this it was quito an event to soe more than a dozen people, even, in the main streets at one time. Christmas is a season of tho year when allshould rejoice, andalthough people generally have quite as much as they can do to look after their own affairs at such a time, it is always a gratifying fact to bc able to state that the Cr and the afflicted, ever to be found in a je community, are not forgotten. Many hands make light work, and the exertions which had I >een made on their behalf during thc present week did not seem to fall particu- larly heavy on anyone. A visit to our charit- able institutions is at all times most interest- ing, but it is particularly so at Christmas- tide. lt is uot everyone, though, who can sparc the time, or wno may feel inclined to go upon such a tour of inspection, and these may therefore find a short account of the Christmas doings in thc hospitals and CIBC whorc of interest. First of all, however, tho place» nf religious worship claim attention. THE CHURCHES. HT. MR'S AMH.ICAK OIiriU M. The day's services at St. Paul's Anglican Church commenced with un early Communion service ut half-past seven o'clock ; thou lhere were matins at eleven, followed by a com- munion service, und evensong at seven. There was a largo attendance at the morning service, the church boiug lilied, The Rev. \V. A. DiggciiH conducted tho service, with the assis- tance of Mr. \V. Smith, who read tho lessons. The service was fully choral, and as there was ft good attendance ot member* of the ohoir, th« sloging waa above what ho* been the average The terrica commenced with the Srecessional hymn »'Onward, Christian oldiers," and during the celebration the over welcome Christmas hymns "Hark, the herald angele sing" and "0 come, all ye faithful " were rendered, and the anthem "Be- hold, I bring you good tidings," the effect of which which was spoilt by a want of unison as to time among the singers. Mr. Diggens preached from Luke li., 13 and 14, "And suddenly there was with the angels a multitude of the heavenly host, praising God and say- ing. Glory to God in the Highest, peace onearth and goodwill towards Men." Those present, he said, were met for worship more than for preaching. It was enough for him to do if he merely directed the praises and proclaimed in all ito simplicity the angelic message. They were constrained at Christmas time to take up thc song of the angela, and sing with them the song which they sang when the Prince of Peace was born. In the course of his remarks the preacher said the house of God was decorated that morn- ing, not for bars custom's sake, nor as a mere formality, but aa a testimony of thanks to God for those blessings which came from Him, especially the blessing which they that day commemorated. The offerings of flowers and other things were brought in the same sense as the wise men of old brought their offerings of gold, and frankincense, and myrrh, on the first Christmas morning-they were to express adoration and worship to God. In this service, and in that whioh was te follow, the great thing was, like those wise men of old, to try to find " the Saviour, whioh is Christ the Lord," and Bing with all sincerity " Hosanna ! blessed is Ha which cometh in the name of the Lord." The service should not be considered as a dull duty before the com- mencement of the day's rejoicing, but should itself be the commencement and the earnest of the rejoicing. Unless Christ himself were recognised in the service, they would be like those of whom the Apostle said, "There standeth One among you whom ye know not." He (the preacher) had spoken of the church decorations as an offering. There was another offering which God required far before such, and that was the offering of a pure heart, and a devoted spirit, and it was his hope that as the effect of that service his hearers would present that offering.-Mr. Webb, the new organist, accompanied the service in a most efficient and tasteful manner, and his render- ing of {Handel's Hallelujah Chorus at the elosc of the service was greatly enjoyed. -The decorations were very pretty and taste- ful, but were rather meagre, befogoonfined almost entirely to the chancel. The only decorations in1 the body of the church were upon the pulpit, reading desk, and font ST. JOSEPH'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHOTBCH. There were several celebrations of mass at St Joseph's Roman Catholic Church yester- day, and all were largely attended. Pontifical high mass waa celebrated at eleven o'clock by the Bishop, the Rev. Dr. Can!, and Father Plonnel, the minister In charge of the parish, assisted by Father M'Donough. The church was crowded. The musical portion of the service was very interesting. In addition to the " Adeste Fideles," invariably rendered on such occasions, Webber's Mass, ia C was sung, Mrs. J. Kelly and Miss Coffin taking the principal soprano and contralto parts respectively. Herr Hage and Herr Stiller gave great assistance as first and second violins. Dr. Can! addressed the congrega- tion from the altar steps, in feeling terms, extending to them and their friends-those in foreign lands as well as those near at hand the heartiest, sincerest, and best season's greetings. There was also a service last night, hut not of such an elaborate character as in the morning. The church was not deco- rated. WESLEYAN CHURCH. A congregation larger than might have been expected under the circumstance! was present at the Wesleyan Church, Campbell street. The service was conducted by the Rev. C. W. Graham, minister of the church, and tiie Rev. E. Wilson, of the Murray-street Congregational Church. The devotional pori tion of the service was conducted by the latter, and Mr. Graham preached from the words-"Andthey shall call his name Em- manuel, which, being interpreted, is God with us. Matthew L, 23. The rev. gentleman said the words were a quotation from a prediction to be found in the book of the prophet Isaiah, and employed by the evangelist to establish the position that the Christ of the New Testament and the Messiah of the Old were identical The number of quotations by this evangelist formed a beautiful connection between both Testaments, and displayed their oneness, the utmost harmony existing between command- ment and promise, the decalogue and gospel being but presentations from different stand Soints of the same great laws of life and ¡vine government. The names by which in the Bible God made Himself known, were not used for the purpose of contradistinction, but by expressing either His nature of some office became the medium of a new revelation most apposite to the condition of those re- ceiving it. No study of the heavens, though they declared his glory waa sufficient to fulfil in the lives of mankind in general the expecta- tion roused by such a name ss Emmanuel Nor was itever intended, for long subséquent to muchl of that study was the revelation contained in this new name given. This pro- mise was far more than waa found in tile belief of the Deist, and to realise it had been the privilege of the Lord's people under the Gospel dispensation. The promise was ful- filled in the mystery of the incarnation, when the eternal Son of God became God mani- fest in the flesh, one of themselves ; bone'of their bone and flesh of their, flesh; in a word, a man subject to all their infirmities, sorrows, disappointments, depressions, anil tempta- tions, yet without ain ; ever displaying in his Sresence here that it was possible for God to well in man ; pointing them continually to himself as a demonstration of the possibility of God dwelling in them. But this promise, to meet their expectations and requirements, must needs be fulfilled in such a manner as would make them feel Him ever present A man conscious of having done the wrong was not satisfied with the mere knowledge that God is, but that He was with him as the forgiver of his wrong doing. This was thc only sense in which a penitent could realise the blessing in God with him. And even the tempted one- thc man tempted to do what he knew to be wrong, and feeling his own weakness- that man craved for the knowledge that God was tho helper of the weak, and that God well kuew he could over- come temptatiou. Thc man who was in trouble, no matter what that trouble might 1», was desirous of finding that thc Lord was with him as the com- forter ; and there WSB the Christian worker, the man who tried to do as much as he could to help elevate humanity, and who was conscious of the enormous power arrayed against him-he was not satisfied with any- thing else than a consciousness that God was with him to destroy the works of the enemy ; to bring in everlasting righteousness, and put an end to the reign of evil. In conclusion the rev. gentleman said they should never forget thc great lesson Christ had taught his people by his life and death-by Incoming their Redeemer and reconciling God to them, and so obtaining tho gift ol the Holy Ghost, whereby they might 1» enabled to do right and to oe right in the presence of God, wno, iu their time of need, would be their helper, their Redeemer, and their Lord. THF. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. There was no service in the morning at what may 1» termed the headquarters of thc Primitive Methodist denomination, the church in Fit7Xoy-etrcet, but thc Rev. J. Williams went nut to the Lion Creek church, where there was a large congregation. In tho even- ing the Rev. Messrs. Hartley, Williams, and Foster conducted service in the Fitzroy strect church. The congregation was rather poor. In thc course of an interesting address Mr. Hartley impressed upon his hearers thc IcsBons which they should learn from tho event which they celebrated that day. First there was a manifestation of thc love of God, lach BS the world Iud never seen before -such ss the world aruld.never have thought possible, and such ss the world would never We expected , or desired, although Christ was called " The desire of all nations," inas- much ss he brought the very blessings that the nations of the. earth stood in need of, Another lesson which they learnt was that lt was possible for the most marvellous manifes- tations of God's love and mercy to be made known in the most unexpected manner. The news of Christ's birth was not made known to the grandees of Jerusalem, or to the Scribes and Pharisees i the king and the court wens entirely Igno- rant of tho event when lt took place. To the shepherds on the plains of Bethlehem the news was first communicated, and to the Eastern sages the event was communi- cated by signs with whioh they were mott familiar, andwhioh they understood so well that they were induced to leave their homes, and undertake a long and expensive journey to see the King of the Jews, bringing gifts suited to the various offices which He came into the world to fulfil as King, Priest, Prophet, and Saviour : they offored him gold, frankin- cense, and myrrh. Another thing they were taught was this-that in bis descent from heaven to earth, Jesus Christ made himself of no reputation. He consented to be born in humble circumstances-so humble, Indeed, that He was scarcely favoured with the common fare peculiar to the poorest people of the day on whioh He was born. That was a fact which ought to encourage them to come to Him. And yet another lesson was that when they experienced the blessedness of the truths of the Gospel, they should not conceal them, but, like the shepherds of old, go forth and publish them. Christmas Day was a day of rejoicing to all, but it was especially so to him, because lt was on the evening of Christmas Day, long ago, that God was pleased to take from him his sins, and let bim feel that his name was written in the book of Heaven. Oh, that lt might be the birthday of many others I For the past sixty years God had given him an inward witness of his saving power, and he felt that Christ was "the samo yesterday, to-day, and for ever." THE SALVATION AEMV. The Salvation Army were indefatigable yesterday. The band and some of the "soldiers" paraded the streets as usual on Christmas Eve, and remained out a good portion of the night, serenading their sup- porters with what may best be designated aa "Salvation Christmas carols." Early yester- day morning the members of the Army were again astir ; services being held before break- fast, again at eleven o'clock, in the afternoon, and in the evening, when the usual torchlight procession was made through the streets. The services in the hall were characterised by great earnestness. An unfortunate disturb- ance took place at the morning service. A kanaka under the influence of liquor wan- dered into the hall, and without the slightest provocation «truck a young man heavily on the face. A fight followed, and both were ejected by the captain. Fortunately there were no further disturbances during the day. 