DEAD MEN'S DREAMS. SOME WELL-AUTHENTICATED GHOSTS. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, February 14, 1890. The appropriately colored slate green volume which semi-annually chronicles the proceedings of the "Society for Research," seldom contains matter which the average reader can swallow. Now and again, however, one does come across an article which deaervet jotioe. This ia the case with 60 pages in the current balf-yearly usne, by Mr. F. W.. Myere. They an entitled *' On recognised apparitions occurring mote thsn a year after death," and they consist of a collection of well-authenti cated gbost stories, upon which Mr. Myers bases a theory that apparitions axe ia reality the dreamt of the dead men, and can be ex plained scientifically by the analogy of elepattiy. What is a Ghost? Mr. Myers dismiwes as nnseientifi: the popular conception of a ghost as a dead person permitted to communicate with the living. His definition of a ghost is that it is a manifes tation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the f oroe or energy which the mas generated while he was still alive, which clings to tbe locality in which he spent his exutence. He aqrnes plsueibly tbat the bast key to the lawa governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be suggested by studying the laws which govern the manifesta tion of spirits while in the flesh. "Two such laws I believe to exitt. In the first place. I believe that telepathy — tbe transference of thought through other than sen sory channels — exists both as between embodied spirit*, and as between em bodied and disembodied spirits. I bold that apparitions after death result from the con tinued exercise of the same energy by the spirits of tt-e departed. And in the seoond plaoe I regard it as analogically probable that ' ghosts' must therefore as a rule represent, net cpnecioue or central currents of intelli gence, but mere automatic projections from consdousne?tea which have their oentces else wherO A Dxad Mas Dbkamejq of His Skelnos. This is somewhat obscure, but it is better illustrated by the extraordinary story of the well- autfaentioated diaoovery of a skeleton by revelation in a dream. "A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Bootcb farmhouse. His body is carried out and hastily buried in the open field. For 40 years tbe murdered man niaiiis seme consciousness of this tragedy. He broods over tbe f set of his death in that room, his interment in that stony hillock. At last the bedroom is occu pied by a man sensitive to tbe peculiar in fluence which (on our hypothesis) these brood ing* of deceased persona diffuse. The dream of tbe dead passes into thedeearaot the living; it persists in —'* mind with tbe same in tensity as in the murdered mar/s own inajri } nation. The purpose once achieved—the dia eovery made—the obsession ceases. And at asy rate this conception of a dead nan's dream —of a probably unconscious gravitation of •rasa fraction of bis disembodied entity towards his old associations—a flowing of some backwater of bis being's current into channels familiar Ions; ago—will serve to supply a fairly coherent ooueptio? of the meaning of those vague kmtntinffs into which, aa we have seen, our narratives of tmrsfn'Twl post-mortem apparitions imperceptibly glide." The Analogy of the Eixctbic Light. This story of a dead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard ever invented. It it somewhat difficult to translate the concep tion into language which can be understood by those not familiar with tbe techtnoal phraseology of psychical researchers. But if we might make * bold effort we should aay that it amounts to a theory that a man does not dm altogether and paas totally into a dif ferent state of being. A certain shadowy semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when tbe dead man-«lsewta? dreams of his old lite, assumes a mote palpable ahape, and occasionally becomes visible to the eyes of mortals as tbe ateoder filament of the inaaads- , scent lamp beoomes luminous when the elec- , tritity ia turned on. I Some Authentic Ghosts. Of this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One story ia tokTby an i American commercial traveller, which, describes ' bow his aistn appeared to him, nine yeara after her death, at noonday. The peculiarity of this shoat was that tbe heather saw upon bis sister's face a red scratch which he had sever seen daring her life- j time. He hastened home and told the story to his parents* His mother was at once I thrown into a state of profound consternation, and confessed while laying out the oorpsa she bad inadvertently scratched its face and had bidden the fact from every human being onto the apparition of her daughter's ghost bearing the scratch on her cheek com pelled her (9 eonfeaa what had happened. Another story tells how an old Lady Carnar von, who died in 1886, appeared in her house at Petwortb some 11 years later; A very curious story is told, in Dale Owen's "foot falls," of a washerwoman's ghost who persis tently haunted- another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest who would pay 3a, lfld. which she owed to some one not mentioned. Following np this clue, it was found tbat she actually did owe 3s. lOd. to a grocer. Tbe sum was paid, and the bauntmgs ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately aa 1867, in the Chateau de Pxaguu, near Nyon, in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these eaten the apparition is doe to something like the working out of a post ypnotic suggestion. Why Ghosts Hatjbx Places. "Thus we may conceive a murdered man, for instance, aa feeling persistently that he ought not to have been murdered, tbat his existence should etill be continuing in his earthly home. And if his apparition is seen in that home we need not cay tbat he ia 'con demned to walk there,' bat rather that hia memory or his dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a sense he feels that be still belongs. I say 'his memory or his greats;' but it ib of course passible thataeither wordmaysuggestaoloseparalleUo wbataotuaUy occurs. There may be a deeper severanoe in tbe personality of the dead. There is nothing per it improbable in the idea that our perso nality—bo much more fraotionaUe even during our earthly life than we ware wont to imagine —should be susceptible, when Liberated from the body, of still profounder divisions. For tbe present, however, it seems better ta keep to more familiar analogies and to use the word ' dream' as the widest term available; though, of cotwe, without assuming that the deoedent is in any sense asleep." It is evident that if Mr. Myers it right we shall have to reconstruct the whole of oar theory of personality. 