A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Palr," In Its commercial sense, is a " free market." I other words, a "fair"means a market at which all and every may pnurhase or not without bemna subje*ted to fee or tax, and also where all and every can l with out any such dissbilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the faire in England were great features in the sods and industrial life of the people; but, since the establshment of railways, and the quicker lno ommunstmhoa which has resulted, thee fairs hare preiy wl diedal out, amatterperhaps for regret, in some rapects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national fe. Here in Australis fairs are unknown. Inded verylittleof the old fashioned methods obtain in theefast o-a- beodcolonles. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and buslneas is done with a movement asd force to which. even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are secutomed. This, however. is a neevsity, following upon our frer and more prosperous eonditin, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century, Life, too, though longer in its areage than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for alow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 ye ao was secomDoolhed in a wee. Tmas, however, is not a matter for for mayl, If we lee at higher prereme, we obtaia higher rewards than the old folk conhu posibly earn. The average earning mpa?ty, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundaed fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old day" which hsetimentalists are continually regretting-people,bythe way,who m of similar saploes eontitution to that of Lord Manners whowrote: "Let science, learning, art and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edul - t[on and a higher Intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishmet, such as For and Gibeon's, of Bmith street, Colltagwood, springing into existence, whose purpose It is to supply to a well-to-do population, the eomfodn, the necessaries, the eleganc? s and reinements of home life. Here we pause to make a eorrection. We have aid that fainr are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the drm we have mentioned, Me-An. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a giganti Pair, and to me a graphli, though perhape somewhat vulgar, expreuson, "It Is a eight todo sore eym good." Any theatrical manager who map happen past Meme. Foy and Gibson's great shops durtag the day must, indeed, have a large and generoun mind if he forbear from a sirh of envy he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Fo and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to refect that at least 90 per cent of thee crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of om of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has seured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4\. Gd. per yard wil fel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pr chased his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presentl conduct his bride, is flie with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiltlesalovenly bachelor days, he has beeann otter stranger. Ina word, it in impossible for a refecting observer to look on lo the. ease.ese influx and ou - ?r of visit to thin show to be inLeunsb to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calai-. tions of the origlnatonh thernrlces. We do sot sup. pose that Mtean. FoPand Gibson, when eontemrpla ing the establishment of these fain, took into rec koning thephlanthropic a?pect of the matte. Bel Sa rule moral good follo u n all honurable e terpise, and MLessrs. Fuo and Gibhon when they reckon their proa, may, i they pleae, add to them the Ihnprtomt, though inoaugile balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another lesn to learn fronthe?e fairnan that iL, that in the hando ofl l no e men, ad however intricte or compliated, are beyond the inluence of method. The rules by wich this great establihmnent is governed, ae veena the nw of othe Meclv and erias. A lxed petm--mst of long eperieance-and large buoiness ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with nch of the thrb ad pulse ofthe steam engsne. ?ome idesmay be formed by those who hve neer visited Fy and Gibson's promoise of their ease when we inform them that the frontage estatds 20?t to Smith steet, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford stroet of ,rft The ant show rooms d with the aetli?e of femlnine raiment are enormous apartments. We woader if ghosts of deparGd belles assemble here o' nights sad, amidst dainty alks and velres, and laee, and other bewildering mattor, taste again some slight flavour of the delight, which once moved them in the flBh. We do nt belere in ghotsa , but, a we hare Mr. Bhakepesre' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than ar dreamt of in our philorophy, it may be on the eards that ghoesta? de pretd fair oncs do revisit thes scenes of UM delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the ubshantil throns at Poe and GOibeso's Fals feoplse-ldale in prsikular--who wnt a nT sesatlon, ought to spend an honu or two st o anhd Gib 'sFairh and If the.harie G an toot e?praneu a amntlon as of one wlks bdWe ev eela?tion. all wes m y In that they st be nery blesane played sent. Fog suoh people thm is h tan eemheticiatmIdmu.-ADet m 