TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Legislative Assembly having done a prudent thing in appointing a standing com mittee to examine and pass judgment upon all railway proposals, has burlesqued its own action by referring to the committee for con sideration, this session, proposals for con structing 2,000 miles of lines. Had the Government gone on with the J^lway Bill the mileage would have been limited to 1,200. A committee was decided upon because It was seen that a mileage of 1,200 was beyond the means of the colony. The increasing of tbia unattainable maximum by 800 miles reduces the business to la farce. It almost looks as if Parliament would have to go' one step further and deprive the members of the Legislative Assembly, Mininters included, of the power of proposing railways. Ministers are as much to blame as private members. They began by shovelling upon the committee all the lines they had themselves thought of, or been compelled to think of, and private membera, for eelf-protection, h&d; to follow suit Every diBtrict in the colony wants at least one railway-want aevartdU-ua as the belief it' present obtains that ^railways cotae like Christmas presents, without having to be paid for, no one dliltict U «olug to be behind its neighbours in of aikiiur. I The member who abstained from poshing the claims of Jiis constituents (because he | knows them to be unreasonable} would de prive himself of his Beat. Each and all the | me1mbera have consequently put in claims, and the responsibility of rescuing Parlia ment from the toils is cast upon the 12 gentlemen constituting the committee. It is to be hoped that the Assembly will not follow its present action up by ordering the behead* in* of the committee should ic fail to re commend every line. No punishment has' been provided in the act creating the com mittee, but defects in the law can be sap. plied when necessary, and the necessity may arise when the committee brings up u report jr. favour of proceeding with three or four lines instead of 100. The committee knows what is before it, and should proceed warily; It has a good excuse for making no report at all this session. Between now and the pro rogation there are only about eight weeks left. In eight weeks it is impossible to in quire into the merits of 2,000 miles of line the work can Bcarcely be done in 12 months, even though the committee should sit five days a week. Therefore the committee has reasonable grounds for making no report at all this session. The members of the Assembly may have foreseen this when they decided on smothering the committee, their present care being to free themselves from the pressure put upon them by . their coa etituents. The public finances are, as Mr. Monro says, a delicate topic, and everyone dis easing them has to think of tbe use which will be made by certain financial journals in London of disparaging criticism when they wish for etoekbroking reasons to spoil our chances ot floating a loan. However, Mr. Munro should take comfort in the circum stance that none of the attempts hitherto made to prejudice buyers seem to have had any effect. Our loans have gone off exceed ingly well upon all occasions. Tbe people who require to be instructed upon the sub ject of the public indebtedness and the prospects for the future are not the English investors, but the inhabitants of this colony, who, to judge from the vehemence with which they ask for railways, appear to be profoundly in the dark as to the true state of the case. The impression generally pre vailing from the South Australian border to Orbost and from the sea to the Murray ia that money is available in plenty for railway, making, and that the lines-can be commenced as soon SB Parliament chooses to vote them. And the Ministry does all it can to encourage this idea. Mr. Gillies has only juBt said that £250,000 will be available during next year to J start any lines which may be agreed to this session ; and such a statement implies that there will be funds in the year following (1892) to go on with tbe lines thus begun. What funds will be available in 1892 nobody can say at this moment, or will even be able to say next year. All we know at present is .that it will be impossible for this colony before January, 1892, to borrow a single nenny for new lines, and the quarter of a million Mr. Gillies speaks of consists ot trust funds,' which he thinks the Government may be able to lay hands upon daring 1892, but which may not be available at atl. Next year we have to pay off nearly a million of debt then falling due, and also to borrow a million and a half (a loan already authorised} to complete railways which were voted six years ago. Our ability to proceed with new lines depends not on the amount of the odds and ends which may be tying in the Treasury, during 1891, but on our floating a second loan in January, 1S92. The most we can hope to borrow in 1892 is three millions, and that sum will have to last us for two years-via, until the end of 1894. With three millions we can make some 500 miles at most. There fore, it is impossible for us to raise the means of constructing more than 800 miles daring the next four years, and three months. Foi us to be able to borrow aB much as £2,500,090 in 1801 and £3,000.000 in 1892 shows that ouc credit is good and unshaken. All we have to keep in check ia our own exorbitant demand; for four times as many lines as our good' credit will enable us to construct. Tbe members of the Legislative Assembly who were "cornered" by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen'a strike-supporting motion on1, Tuesday deserve a little pity. An election ia not far off, every member who depends npon popularity for keeping iia teat fears be will be opposed by such another aB himself, and': be knowa by experience that the candidate waiting to oppose him will fasten "upon altf tbe doubtful votes he has given in Parliament' for the purpose of outbidding him. It iei not necessary that a combination in the' electorate should be numerically large in order to fill the member with dread; let it be a combination, and that is enough. Oat of tbe 46 members voting with Sir Bryan O'Loghien how many conscientiously be lieve that tbe passing of an abstract tesolij tion will effect the slightest good} The opinion ot 46 men stopped one by one & they were walking along Collina-Btreet might be of some value, because it would be given without fear of consequences. The mem bera of the Assembly vote under duress. If would be crediting Sir Bryan O'Loghien with too much craUto suppose that he tabled bis motion inertly'to embarrass (lie House.; Without doubt, lie has some vague belief in his head (hat . resolution {hmkcI by the' Legislative Assembly will command atten tion, and so he moved it, though it will have as much infloe&oe; on the situatioo as tbe( wavuiRof «fcjtadkerchief «nd sayiuK "Bhoo" would have ettnding locomotive. Tfaa reason why. a conference does not take place is plfcin. The shipowners have made ep their mitadadefinitelyas to what they fthaH ask and whst they ehall grant, *hile tha StrikeOommittee has toot matte upf abooiw&hlng.; If tbe Striker any practical scheme for settling^ does Anybody euppose that tbe would siUtUl doiugnothing day i' the Tr&de;«-ballt Tbe coowaiWW. thoaghl.out the matter at all; it baa no solution to offer; it had uo plans when it started, and it haa none now. It plunged in "bald-headed"-i.e., without thinking what it was about, and it has been plunging about like a whale in troubled water ever since. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen plunges in the Assembly as the Strike Committee plunges out of doors. Mas he any defiuite ideas about a conference ? Not one. An "unhampered" conference means to Sir Bryan and the Strike Committee a conference which may be about anything, everything, or nothing. Sir Robert Moleaworth was the ;Iast sur vivor of our first great school ot judges. Simultaneously with the introduction ot re sponsible government-at any rate, so eoon after that the two things now seem as if they happened together-a strong Supreme Court Bench was created, with Sir William Stawell as Chief Justice. Sir William Stawell was remarkable for strength of character, and as the Courts are sometimes in danger of being brought into collision with the Legislature or the Executive, he was just such a man as the discreet politician would avoid chal lenging to a conflict. How near the Bhave was in 1S7S will only be known when the Becret history of Victorian politics is told, if it is ever told. The grand manners of Sir Redmond Barry, with his high idea as to what became a gentleman, are not to be soon forgotten, and must make those who were his contemporaries fee! as if they were now living in an age when nobody has any manners, and when no respect is felt for anything sacred, noble, or eminent. Sir Robert Molesworth's great characteristic was soundness of judgment. He was an almost perfect judge. The prejudices he bad were so slight, and, so to speak, so judicial, as to escape the notice of everyone but members of the legal profession. They only showed themselves where be had to deal with suits affecting the conduct of trustees and the estates of wards of court. Sir Robert exacted great virtue from trustees, and watched over the wards of court as the old Romans watched over the sanctity of the vestal viigins. He had extraordinary patience, and listened to the long arguments which the equity barristers of his time were celebrated for without any apparent fatigue. His judgments were plain, clear, and direct; they read well, and they were rarely over ruled. Sometimes the Fall Court overruled them, only to have its orerruling3 corrected by the Privy Council. lie created the great body of the mining law which now obtains in this colony, and to a large extent in the neighbouring colonies aa well. If he had not been a sound-thinking and wide-seeing man bis decisions wonld not have con solidated, as they did, into a consistent whole. Some men vary in their judgments of events and things from day to day, as Dew light pours in; and thus they often have to contradict themselves. Mr. Speaker Lalor, a man of keen perception and rapid action, used sometimes to surprise the Assembly by expressing contempt for decisions be had himself given when they were quoted against him. Sir Robert Mofesworth b&W; too clearly and saw too much to require to revise or forget his past decisions, as they were good fot all time. Notwithstanding bis eminence he was seldom talked about. His judicial work absorbed all hia time, and apparently all his thoughts; and as he took no part in popular movements his name was scarcely j ever mentioned apart from the courts. It was enough for him to attend to the duty the state required of him, and he did that doty thoroughly, without seeking for popu larity or praiBe of any kind. A conference from which the professional strike-maker was excluded might lead to a settlement, but very little is to be hoped for from meetings between employers and spokesmen who represent unionism rather than workers. This has been shown not only by Monday's conference between the officers on strike, led in by Mr. Parkin, and j the shipowners, bat also by the debate which took place in Wellington, ander the aus pices of the New Zealand Government, between a galaxy of labour stars and the chair man of the Union Steamship Company. The employers find time both for promoting association interests and for attending to their individual business, while the members 3f trade societies place all anion matters in the bands of paid agents-men careless of the individual life, but mighty careful of the type. . Throagbout (be controversy a great deal has been heard about unionism, aiid scarcely anything about workmen. At Wellington two of the conditions amputated for wore that the men who bad ban taken on by.the Union Company since the atrike should become mnioniata, and that none but unionists ahoald be employed bf ihe com pany. The acceptance of these conditions woald have fully satisfied tbe labour dele gates at the conference. One delegate, speaking for all, stud that be woald sooner leave tbe colony than consent to onion men going to work with non-unionists. lie did not say, " 1 shall fight until every man who has lost hia pbux gets back to it;" bat "I shall fight until every man you have working foryouisa unionist" The anion is every* tb»ng4o tbe strike-maker; the Indiridaal is ootbiftg to fain. So at Monday's conference the ofliWra toad baeatatored to say that tbey aMt4)e a<towedtOTemun affiliated to Che Tea^eJ»b*tt, thatch tbey most see plainly tbrit BothiaK to^aia tjr keepmgup tbeafliltt»te*».<a««of officers who belong tpthe<^fsw- gjAlaiiirintiun; fcave for t« ted liilf :nuy? «QPP*rofw»al5is evaUiil^vSf&frott;'tfceporat of »ie«rofthe ||^g^^|^^**seel-v^iec^ided. these ir^>w«1| (tinifanil thermion aaved. Acult to 1*&*b inSheAap ' experience and good standing, instead of two Trades-hall professionals ; or that the marine officers would now be hesitating, at (lie eleventh hour, about taking the only coarse that is open to them aa reasonable men who have their living to earn and wives and families to provide for. Strange pranks are played at the Palace Hotel in Bourke-Btreet from time to time. At long and short intervals some article of furni ture is found burning in the dead of night; there is au alarm of fire ; the manager is called up; the iQre is put out; a ecarch is made; no clue is discovered; and the subject drops until circumstances favour the enacting of the same play again. The insurance companies do not like the look of things, and have pttt up the premiums, while the manager has cause lor being in a state of constant alarm ; but the patrons of the house, when you come to think the matter over, have no reason to be frightened. No matter when or where the fire may Btart, it is always smelt or seen before it gets time to do serious harm. The precautions taken by the management for preventing the building from being destroyed, and the inmates along with it, have been proved by repeated trials to be ade quate. The fire-lighter is never caught in the act of laying resin: or striking matches, or applying candles to the edges of mattresses {even when lodgers are sleeping on the mat tresses), yet scarcely has he (or she) left the room ere the trick betrays itself, and the fire so surreptitiously lighted is promptly put ont. Therefore, until the fire-kindler changes his (or her) tactics the occupants of the Palace Hotel may sleep in perfect security. The practical joker (if it is practical joking) has evidently no intention of burning the hotel down. Last week, for instance, the first fire was set going in a front room, so that it should be Eeen from Bourke-street before it had made any progress ; and the second one, though started in an obscure place, was started while the bouse was in a state of alarm, so that some one Bhould be sure to smell the smoke. Dr. Youl, as city coroner, is now conducting an investigation-i.e., he is taking such evidence as the proprietors of the hotel and the police are able to lay before him. If the inquiry is to have resnlts it should not be hurried. The mysterious visitant will betray himself if be gives way to impatience, as he has done lately, and should be played with. He is disappointed, like a boy playing at hide-and-seek, at not being properly searched for. His last two efforts, which are dated subsequent to the commencement of the inquest, seem to be intended, like the visits of the ghost in " Hamlet," to spur inquiry on and whet an almost blunted purpose. Or the mischief maker is angry with the city magistrates for patting his various performances down to the credit of the unlucky " commercial" who three weeks ago, on a fire night, was wan dering aimlessly about the hotel, as gentle men who have spent the night with convivial companions will do when good spirits and lively stories have driven sleep from their braina. ' A good mcny things may be inferred from (he revelations published in the Paris Figaro concerning the Boulangist movement, bat there is one inference that it is difficult to avoid making, and that is that adventurers who aspire to supreme power in France have no easy task before them. The conspiracy of General B mlanger and his friendB to over throw the Republic was in many respects a very meritorious piece of plotting, and really deserved to succeed. The general was all things to all men. To the Royalists be posed as a French General Monk-one who desired to restore the old monarchy in the person of the Comte de Paris. To the Bonapartists he professed himBelf quite willing to set up the Empire with a Napoleon the Fourth, whoever he' might be, on the throne. He only stipulated for a few little things for himself, the merest (rifles-a dukedom, a field-marshal's baton, a pension of £8,000 a year. To the republi cans he promised "revision" of the Constitu tion-a term capable of elastic interpretation -and equally satisfactory, one would think, to Conservative andjto Radical. Everything was arranged for a grand coup, which was strongly advised by the bolder sprits among the general's adherents. At the last mo ment, however, General Bonlanger hesi tated, and decided not to act. He was ancertain as (o bow far the army woald sup port him, and was afraid that a civil war might be precipitated, which would mean an attack by Germany. Sach scruples show that the general is not of the stuff of which successful conspirators ate made. A political adventurer should stick at nothing. General Boulanger might have learnt a lesson'from the career of bis predecessor, Napoleon the Third, whp was not to be deterred tram his scheme by die proposal of bloodshed. It he had been a bold man, he might now have been reigning in the Elye£e, instead of dragging cut an obscure existence H an exile in forscy,. Whatever changes maybe in store for Fiance,' it may eaf&lybeeaid; that General JBonlang^rj will never ironae to the' topi again. He has] bad his cbande, and has lost it. His failure] abowa that ,a man who bftjutafc" (ind Is sub- ] feet to qnaTqu ofppneQfe^^U pot likely toj overthrow|he French Repqb^ft bpjt it Jingtj certain thai atwlfer^n# ghore j^^pirtouSj plotter in G^n^ra^foiilMiser's position tpighl no,it have The diffioiTttes ,.Io the , .w my bq.t ijb ^Jthe «Jfpfc-cii|M opn- i «^&tor;, Jo ow&epm; auc^j m^cultlefiL, ; .. V -j ? 33he Uisfexy ot ibe. rations of antiquity is gtadmUrbdsgttictiitenbyftidjoftberecMds brougbj to JigWhyitae spade. The scientifici etanvatech«» AlreadytlMrown* flood of light «pon tlWintly chronicle* of Kjtrpt, Meaopo 4sMai*. Asia JfiBoijGreece, other Coua* 1bordering on tbe Medit erne fan. The, j-jjytfbtt pafcapathaiaastiatcicsiipg of all, Jado* woofr OMrbeanmngto 4i8ciMe4t* long-buried secrets. The Palestine Explora tion Fund has for some years past been doing excellent work ill this quarter, but the obstacles placed in the way of the explorer by the Turkish Government and the nature of the wild Bedouin inhabitants have pre-1 vented such results from being obtained as might otherwise have been hoped for. Within the laat tew months, however, some wonder ful discoveries have been made, of which a briet account is given by Professor Sayce in the Contcvi; orary Review. After ten years o patient application the Porte has granted permission to the Exploration Fund to make excavations in the south ot Palestine. Mr. Flinders Petrie, " the prince of living excava tors," well known for bis researches in Egypt,took charge of the operations, and the results obtained after a few weeks' work are, according to Professor Snyce, " truly mar vellous," giving us for the Orst time somel accurate knowledge ot the art and buildi si of the Israelites in the time of the kings, and j even ot the old Araorite population who were conquered by the Israelites. Mr. Petrie Uns partially excavated a huge tel, or mound sixty feet high, which has been formed by the rains of a succession of cities piled one upon I the other, the lateat of all being a settlement of the fifth century B.C. Alie lowest and earliest city is encircled by a one wall over 28ft. thick, and still 21ft. in height. ! As some Phoenician pottery belonging to a ! date not later than 1100 B.C. was iound above it, Mr. Petrie considers the wall to have belonged to one of those Amorite cities which we are told in the Pentateuch were I "walled up to heaven." This is the first authentic memorial ol the ancient Canaani-1 ti9h population which his been discovered in Palestine. Mr. Petrie believes that he hae unearthed the ruins of the ancient city of Lachish.one of the chief fortresses of Judaia, the capture of which by SennacheriD, king o j Assyria, was depicted in bas- relief on the I 1 walls of that monarch's palace. It is hoped, j therefore, that the monuments ot sculpture 1 ' and inscriptions overthrown by Sennacherib j may be found lying among the ruins. The I progress of Mr. Petrie's excavations will be 1 watched with the deepest interest, since, as Professor Sayce says, results as marvellous I and far-reaching as those obtained by Layara at Nineveh, and Dr. Scbliemann at froy, I may reward the explorer's efforts. In the. words of Professor Sayce-"Discoveries ot the highest interest await him (the excavator); monuments of David and Solomon and their successors; it may be even the clay records j of the Amorite priests and chieftains whom j the children of Israel dispossessed. The bearing such discoveries may have upon the interpretation and criticism of the Old Testa ment scriptures, the light they may throw upon the conquest of Canaan, or the estab lishment of the Davidic Monarchy, cannot even be conceived." It were well that distinguished men, whose J opinions are asked on all sorts of subjects, j should remember the homely saying, vc sutor 1 ultra crept do tii. The shoemaker who goes I beyond his last is apt to make a fool of him self, and" the great soldier or clergyman or I lawyer who presumes to dictate on matters I outside of his own profession runs a fair chance of encountering the same igoominiooa j fate. Lord Wolseley has an excellent reputa-1 tion in arms, which is fully justified 1 both by his personal courage and by his success as a strategist; and any I opinion that be may give upon military affairs is to be received with great respect. Bat when he poses as a prophet, as be has been recently doing in- The Review of licvieics, and when he attempts to unfold the future of the nations, then even Lgrd Wolaelej's opinions may be as wide of the mark as those ot a tipster tor the Cup race. Following an idea ot General Gordon's, he has worked himself into the belief that the Chinese are the coming people. " The Chinese armies," he fears, " will march westward. They will overrun India, sweeping us into the sea. Asia will belong to them, and then, at laat, English, Americana, and Australians will have to rally for a last desperate conflict" In a word, the battle of Armageddon is to take place between the English and Chinese races, all other peoples being kept in the background. We may console our selves, however, with the fact that the battle of Armageddon has been prophesied for a few centuries, and that it may be safely pto-1 phesied for a few more to come. It would certainly be a mistake to underrate the virtues or the strength of the Chinese. Bat they are certainly not aggressive. They cling to their own land, they are easily ruled, and. the few of .them who venture abroad are quiet piu! governed without difficulty. Like most Eastern nations, they have little poli tical ambition, and, aa long aa they can make a living, are content to have the work ot ruling . dona for tbem. Like the Hindoos* they are pamitvally an agricultaial people, conservative in their ideas, caring little for anytbing ontaide their own plot* of groflnd, They differ wholly from tbe Tar tats, who' at one , time overran Asia and entered Europe. Bat the Tartars were and every soldier was a thorough horseman. Imagine a Chinese, with _hia placid aspect and slow, sedate movements, put on howeback. And yet Lord WolseUf. to imagine that a nation which has no horses *nd no cavalry will bp able to moke world-wide conquests. If we look simply at facts, and avoia vague theories, it is evident that the day of Chinese conquests Is Xar dis tant 