SPORTINS NOTES. BTCxspiAiir. A very nice entry has "been received for < he Y.A.T.C. Meeting, which will be held on the : 26th inst. Since the allotment of dates for race meetings by the V.B.C., many of the race club pro prietors complain of the manner 111 which, they have been treated. The Kynefcon Race Club for years have looked upon St. Patrick's Day as peculiarly their own, but next year toe Epsom proprietary will have racing on the same day, while at Mentone the 6th of September was looked. upon as an "anniversary day," but Bacchus'Marah claims that date, according to toe new issue of fixtures. Some of the pro prietary race clubs will, certainly lose by the Y.K.C. fixtures, but as it is done in toe best interests of fairness and" racing generally they must accept the ultimatum. M. Doyle, toe well-known Tasmanian trainer, has arrived at Flemington with Peter Itnn, Trixton, Princess,, and Bob Sawyer. A great number of intercolonial visitors are present this week for the Grand National Meeting, which, by toe way not only provides racing, but there is toe Waterloa Cup and the Gun Club meeting, so that visitors can have a rare old time of it in the matter of sport. Amongst advertisements appearing tbfo week will be found toe Geelong Racing Club's pro- . gramme for the 2nd of August. Intending nominators are reminded that next Mondav, 21st. July, is the last day for owners and trainers to make entries. The Bacchus Marsh Racing Club intend hold ing a meeting on 6th September, The Mooiree YaHey stewards met last Monday ; ta consider the protest against MelviHe, the ' winner of the fate Gaulfield Steeplechase. Their decision was that the horse was wrong fully run in the Maiden Steeplechase, but they found also that toe owner of Melville was quite unaware that the horse had won a Hurdle Race at Quorn, S.A. This decision virtually dis misses the protest, but the V.A.T.C. have vet to record their verdict. " The promising bay mare Affectionate, by Swiveller out of Leporello's dam, died last Tuesday at Frankston, from strangulated1 hernia. Mr. W. Allan, of Kirk's Bazaar, was called in to see toe mare, but she only lived a; few hours after his. arrival. He made a post, mortem examination, with, the result that death was found to have been caused as stated. Mr. T. S. Ciibboru, toe secretary of the A. J.C.r has received an excellent response from; owners for toe Epsom Handicap which num bers the century , while rather a poor entry has; been received for the Metropolitan Stakes, albeit thequaiity is up fa toe average. Mr. Morris has arrived, from Sydney at Aseet Yale with the following tmttmgr homes- Chammr Yipletta (jun.), Messenger, Ruby, aaid Rothschild. The net value of the; Grand National Hunllei Race, won by Efierahe, was 1475 sovereignai Mr. Tom Wilson the well-known veteran trainer, ©f BaUarat, who sucoessfnlly brought oat Bravo, the Cup winner- last year, and Ellerslle for the Grand National Hurdles this year, did not think: the son of Aphany possessed toe ghost of n to a chance of success. In feet as hfiStoMeto© j 1 oKt hcrse vrould tot wumaQltei wmrilti&m; > buttomiame isagpad W ' tb# asBfftaiioii, and is «oi i»med 5? .success, Stanley has a great future, fttfow him . Hany Poulsen, the sporting editor of tha Qjdnef Dailtf Telegraph, died in the hospital on Monday from too effects of injuries re ceived while out riding- Corythus has been scratched for the Grand National Steeplechase. Honest Ned has been scratched for toe Y.11.C. Final Handicap, and Tradition for toe Second Hurdle Race. The withdrawal of Tautallon from the Caul- field Cap has given the early-plunging dement a slight facer ; then follows Titan aud Prince ConBort — all in the same stable. MS-. Dan. O'Brien has disposed of the raM- hrses Helmsman and Town Moor to Mr. B. Weekes, too well-known Indian tinder. The homes nave now taken up their abode ia Rndings's training establishment at Caul- field. Mr. Sutton evidentlv believes in the march ©f progress, and finding that recent WilhasBtowm race meetings have been paying, has, after : wiping off a big overdraft at the hank, decided to erect new rooms for the stewards, also a jockeys'-room, a telegraph board, and an electric starting bell. The gentleman racing under the H<mi-de-eovrae of W. 7 Neil" has had the misfortune to lose his promising hurdle race horse Daylight," who was bo badly injured in the Second Hurdle Race at Deuifiquin. The horse broke his leg, and it was found necessary to destroy him. Last year, at the same meeting, Mr. Neil lost Black Prince in almost a similar manner. The following handicap has been declared by Maura. R. Grice and R. G. Stevenson for the Hunters3 Plate ta be ran at Elsternwick aa 24th July: — Goldfinder. 12st. 101b. ; Postmark, I2st. 31b.; Muntham, 12st. lib.: Dollar Fist.; Deceiver, list. 101b.; Balliant, list. 71b.; Ysshti, list. 3lb.; Coquette, list. 31b.; The Broker, list.; Snip, lOst. 121b.; Darkie, lOst. 121b.; Harkaway, lOst. 10lb.; Volunteer, lOst. 91b.; Salesman, lOst. 91b.; Nora, lOst. 7ib. A dispute arose at the recent meeting of the Deniliquiu Jockey Club relative to the D. J.C. Handicap won by Mr. Luttrell'a eolt Sir Arthur. The colt won the Maiden Plate and \- Flying Handicap on the first day, and on the second day his owner put up a 7lb. penalty in the colt handicap, which, according to the con ditions of the race, there was no necessity for. The conditions are that tho winner of the Riverina Cup shall carry 101b. penalty. Seeing that W. E. Gladstone won that event, it ra difficult to arrive at the deduction that Sir Arthur should carry 101b. for a race he clearfy did not win. Matters relating to theY.R.C. Grand National r Steeplechase have been a trifle quiet during the : past flew days, which is owing probably to the many counter sports that have re cently come on for decision. At Sunbury the Waterloo Cap has attracted most of the sport- ingfrateraity , and for once in a way the "sports have " gone to the dogs.' Another attraction has been provided at the Melbourne Gun Club grounds, whilst the proprietor of Moonee Valley has been " chipping in with a trotting exhibition. Whilst writing of trotting, it looks as if the action of the V.R.C. in allotting only certain days to the proprietary club will give a great fillip to the trotting partisans Those who own racehorses musk da something to fill in time, and not being able to have as many fiat race meetings as they would like, will perforce take in the trotting. None will regret toe fact, as trotting horses axe a decided acquisition 1 to our studs. For the nost part the trotter is a general utility horse. He will draw paterfamilias on holidays, plough in the whiter if required, and engage in trotting contests at the- fall of toe year, ©r in the spring. The. first day of the Deniriquin Winter Race meeting appears to- have proved, quite a success Mr. E. B. Luttrell opened the programme by appropriating the Maiden Plate with Sir Arthur (a son of Spark and Patience),, and winding upwith a victory for the same colt ia the Fiymg Handicap. The Sires Produce Stakes ; fell to Mignon, by Albury, who defeated both of Mr. W. Neil's youngsters fey the same sire. . Dickens by Hyacinth, won the Hurdle Race, defeating Daylight and Jubilee aud W. E. ; Gladstone upset all calculations by appro : priatmg-toe Riverina Cup, defeating Gran-lee and the favourite, Dividend. The weight allot ted Dividend was a caution, and it is tittle wonder that Mr. Cook's cast-off was nnabls to win. Phyllis won the District Race from Meteoric. m, - — 