T3iE DEf.IGHT OF IDLE NESS. P. Anderson Graham, in MrcmUta.n's Magazine. If there ia any type of irnn I fear, it is Cariyle's favourite Ram Dasa, ' with fire iu his belly.'' Untnetaphnied I grant bim to he a fit object for philosophic :id miratiou — a person of vigour, bustle, energy, and other vitile qualities to which the professed idler lays no claim. If I do uot love the self-made millionaire whose fortune was fouuded on tbe half crown he brought to town with him an a hoy. it is neither because ol hia ignorance which suits me, nnr his snobbishness which is amusing, nor from any other of the characteristics that make bim an av T^ion of cultivated people. It ia exclu sively on (imiunt of that same fire in his belly— that purpose and energy which distinguish bim from the rest. Essen tially, and with only a slight variation of gift, he belongs tn the same class us tbe beaven-boru artist who ou his first slate made a caricature of Ii is nurse; aa the poet who ruyiued j*m (o ham ti'fore he could eat tbem ; aa the novelist, who romanced to his uncle while «til! irs short doilies; iu a word, as all those wnoBe I missions date from tbe cradle. The whole of them are looped together by tbe same characteristic. Iu it you have the origin of tbe man of mark ; and whether 'ie works witb paint or soap, rhymes or pluip, ;-;? Is equally offensive to the lover of a quiet proi-.r-ss through life. The matchless charm of migb;-'iave-been is dearer to me than any joy in mere accom plishment. Of tb' fortune whicb is made, the hook which is written, the picture vllich is minted, them is Um mrl so far as personal interest goes. It haa emerged fr. m the haze of tbe comtern plated and laken a clear dnfinite o'ltline ; the rommce of possibility haa gone from it. But. thit which ie undone supplies lasting food to the itnuirinati.m. U is pieiisaoter lo sit hy one's mvti lir^i.teof a Winter's night and di-.seet the l.iteet financial project hy which an ahvaysun fortunate. al way s-hopelu I neigh hour is pre pared to lose another slice nf his fortune than to foliow a bragsin', smug-faced, successful mau about, as with »n in sinuated boast he shows iu turn his furniture, ilia pictures, bis horses, and all his o'her dainuing proofs of having lived in direct opposition to the ideal lite. Aud surely to loiter iu a woody iaue on a summer afternoon and listen to a young poet discribing tbe never-tr-be printed tragedy hy which he hopes to electrify Loudon, until you are almost infected with his enthusiasm, is more like real poetry than to stand before an author's bookcase and number row upon row of the bonks by which he bas achieved fame. Until tbe crash actually comes, you have the pleasure of hoping that your neighbour's lone ill-luck ia at laBt to turn; and until the young poet be comes diBguated with tbe_returu of bis manuscripts aud goes into a' place in the city, it ie a delight tn sit on the willow stump by the river aud share bis dreams. D ) uot be like the foolish ones who fear to have a pel lesL it die aud thoy sorrow ; before the climax comes other' aspirants' claiming your sympathy will have dulled your belief in their predecessor'. Nothing leads more inevitably (o a doleful talk than to he asked to discuss any actaal or practical idea. It makes one feel as if in a cage. Should imagination flutter a wing it is but to dash it against some iron bar of possibility, and every excur sion at whim or fancy is arrc-sted by tbe auditor's stern concentration on tbe workable. But to enter witb zaat and seriousness iulo consideration of an im possible project is lo afford scope to all tbe light artillery of tbe ixiiud. Any fanciful suggestion, auy wild notion or odd paradox, lightly put forward with an ' if.' may provisionally he discussed without the ' if,' till, when drained of entertaining matter, the 'if ia brought back to life as au executioner. A frolic ! mood has full scope where husineaa in- ! tent is luxuriously abseut, and it is I absolutely of no consequence what any one says. Of all talkers the moat amus ing is tbe bero of tbe unaccomplished. What one prizes most in tbe country, therefore, ia the excellent society it affords. I am not a poet, so that nature is not meant; neither the brown hills which the sun kisses at bedtime, nor tbe winds crooning among the elms and la menting ou the waste, nor tbe swallows which nest in tbe window nooks, nor tbe robins which come to be fed, nor, indeed, to any of the other phenomena wboae cbief use seems to be for tbe ornamenta tion of modern prose. In town tbe men are what tbe superior newspapers call accomplished facts. It ia uot only tbat tbe sight nf so much crystallised industry disturbs the tranquility of an idler, and almost stimulates him lo tbe exerlion be abhors, hut wben people have adjusted themselves to tbeir taska and given an adequate Laste of their quality, tbe inte rest for ever bas gone lrom tbem. It is tbe untried racer, the youth whose work is not yet begun and whose power is an unknown quantity, wbo gives a fillip to eurmise and speculation. To dream tbe dreams of an ambitious boy, to see in imagination tbe beardless writer of sn epic (in manuscript) laurelled and famous to single out some village ragamuffin as a Whlttington tor, In another mood, when more active employment is desired, to prefigure the downfall of tbeir cloud castles, and watch witb tbe mind's eye the bubble reputation glittering far above them is pleasanter tban any show of cele brities. So Boon as tbe time for seeing visions on your own account Is over ? in other words, when you have attained sense — there Is no sweeter way ofspendlng a sunuy afternoon tban to sit on tbe bole of a fallen tree under a dome of green, and cast golden horoscopes for your friends weaving romances whicb will never Bee Mudie's. aud walchiupadiama played in a theatre of your own building and, like soma recent playB, baving an adjustable ending tragic or comic, aB the state of your peptics may dictate. As one generation treads close on tbe beelB of another tbe characters oome trooping to you wltbout the trouble of invention, and while tbe years are checking one set of forecasts you may be bUBy fashioning others, If anyone aBks what is tbe ul timate gain reply that there Ib no such word as gain In your vocabulary, that you prefer to be a hero of the Unaccom plished tbat you have row upon row of books In dreamland, and tbat -there Is no reviewer so keen as Time. If one ven tures to remark tbat country lite 1b fav ourable for study, half-a-dozen quotidian persons take It as a commonplace* gays the fatuous Imitator of Jefferies witb bis dull nod and his customary catalogue ; ' Ah, yes, one has nature at flrst hand there, I He iu a field of yellow broom. Below, in a valley | a ragged bare-legced boy is guddling trout in the slnuy burn. A cuBhat is sweetly coning from the pines on tbe elope. From an oak beside me to tbe decayed elm in the next field the cuckoo flies ringing his cle»r note. A wbitetbroated ousel skims down tbe stream and allgbts on a boulder. Near the burn-side a wagtail runs and flutters and hops. On the mountain -too a freah breeze is wreathing the mist into wnvimr veils and spirals.' &c.;, &c; , &c.;, ad in finitum. It is a wholesome exercise to lie iu early summer at a sunny dyke fa ick end hear the lambs bleat and the birds whistle, and the cattle low, and (lie ploughman's cheery voice aa his strong team com' smartly up to the he 'ge ; hut even « lazy man scruples to call it studyiug Nature, and why men ahould write or read lists of these miscellaneous aotlnds and sights It were hard to determine. There la no more fatal distraction of one's thoughts In the country than a curiosity about natural history. To eniov it tboronirhlv one must resolutely determine to take no thought of what is passing around. If a man feels under any moral obligation to observe evpry weasel which uoes in chaBe of a rabbit, if the appearance of a Btrange bird sends bim home to consult a work on ornithology, if a kestral qnesting a field-mouse excites him, it will be better tbat he Bhould take an early train home wards. The continuity of his ideaa Ib liable to fracture at the moat interesting moment. My moat delicious reveries come tome at eventide when the river gleams In the moonlight aud tbe full leaved willow-bush is like a green foun tain in play ; hut what would become of iubiu ii i nan a nurning anxiety about every warbler which twittered late in tbe sedges, If the bumming of a beetle made me wiBh to catch it, if I ever asked, Was tbat the barn-owl which 8hrieked ? Now it is a prime essential — not only to study but even to rural enjoyment — tbat you have but a negative love of natural fcistory, tbat It should consist in tbe absence of any dislike to country sights and sounds. For example, there is a certain house where I love to be alone, but which ia unbearable with company. Owing to an easily explained cause, the wind is always singing mournful tunes at its door. Look nut at the windows aud you will see why — wonda ever where, and the heights all round fringed with a row of pines. 8o everybody who cornea is asked to take note of the desolate mo rning which never ceasea, but swells in storm to a raviug howl, aud sinks in calm to the softestsigbing. Now. if others are present, and particularly when my attention is drawn to it the wind corues laden with dreariness. Waste piaces nver wbicb ft haa blown rise up in imagination ; useless force and matter aeetn plplug their lamentations in it ; If many people are there it numbs and dia neariens one line a wait ot hopelesBness. And to hear a sn-cilled lover of Nature posing aa a critic of Nature's sorrow ! But alone and not consciously listening, the ceaseless accompaniment played upon the pine trees weavea itself iuto dream and faucy ; pipe after pipe ia lit and smoked while au endless procession of figures in shadnwland pass by— dead and livine, reil anil imaginary, jostling one; auother in this laud where all are on equal footiug. Yet if one were to say, [-1,, ... .... ^ I .. 1 1... J ? , ? ? , , . uuwMilljlliewmu HUUUUS to-uignc .' — the spell is broken. Presto ! like a troop of ghosts at daybreak, like a flock of conies at gunshot, they have all fled. To hear and not to know you are bearing, to see and be un jonscious of sight, is tbe only way tn taBte tbe delicious influence of Nature. 