DOES THE VICTORIAN ALLIANCE OCCUPY A FALSE POSITION ? to the editor of the age. Sin, —Mr. John Valo in his reply is good enough to refer to " my new found zeal." Per mit me to state that whilo Mr. Vale was yet nn "unknown quantity" hare I was identified with such movements as the old Permissive Bill Association and tho early days of tho Rechabitcs, Band of Hope and Good Templar movements in Victoria. Mr. Vale has failed to give the full facts connected with the candidature of Mr. Murray Smith. It is truo that I advised that tho local temperance man referred to (whose sterling character I admit) had not the ghost of a chance ot being returned for St. Kilda, but Sir. Vale has failed to stato that Mr. R. Murray Smith was selected by the Alliance as their can didate after nn interview between some pro minent officors of the Alltanco executivo and Mr. Murray Smith. To this decision I was loyal until Mr. Smith retired, although I was as firm a protectionist as Mr. Murray Smith is a well known free-trader. Again, Mr. Valo states that Mr. Munro was absent in England when tho compensation clause was passed. This boing so, Mr. Munro must bo freed from all blamo on this point, but my contention is that tho responsibility of accepting the compensation clause falls upon the executive of tho Alliance (Mr. Vale's dis claimer notwithstanding) as they quietlyaccoptcd the position instead of strongly protesting, as was so lately done in England. I hope yet to see tho Allianco return to the lines of "Local Option, but no compensation." — Yours, &o.;, AV. J. LORMER. St. Kilda, 30th July. to the editor of the age. Sir, — Referring to Mr. John Vale's lotter in your issue of to-day, may I say, in justico to Sir. Lormer, that, after an intorview with a deputation, comprising Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mcadon nnd, I think, the late Mr. Crouch, as well as Mr. Lormor, I understood tho Alliance party to accept my candidature. Mr. Lormer, so far as I am aware, used no special influence, mid cer tainly did not conceal his points of difference from my views. — Yours, &o;„ R. MURRAY SMITH. Melbourne, 30th July. 