Her Favorite Book. In answer to the question what book has given me mtiBt pleasure, I reply, without hesitation, “Pilgrim’s Progress.” It was when I was abont seven years oi age that I passed from “ Cinderella ” to Punyan’s matchless work without suspecting that it was not a child’s book. And, possessed of the precious volume—new books were rare in those days—1 climbed a tall “ secretary to asoape the younger ebildren, who were too Bmall to scale the back of a chair and follow me. We were a noisy set—nine in all—and secured in comparative quiet on my high perch, I dreamed dreams and saw visions Buch as no fairy tale ever nnveiled to me. Types and shadows there were none. ~ The actors of the drama were not creatures of 6otion; .they were positive substance, my familiars, and now are placed with my personal recollections. : The narrow path, straight as a rule could make it, was plain to my eyes as the foot* paths whieh streaked my father’s orohard under the apple trees. I hung entranced over every step in the marvellous journey, and saw clearly, as I see this pen and paper; . \ tho very st.'.tiiy prince, tha name of whiah was Bioatiful, and is ttood t-y the highway title. _ How niy young l-.cait njoios-l when Christian found the lions guarding it were chained ! Ac ho dropped bis load into a sepulchre and gavo three leaps for joy, my soul leaped too, oniy to sink again when he fell into the clutches of Giant Despair, and was beaten with tho grievous crab-tree cudgel in the awful courtyard paved with skulls of pilgrims. How foolish of him to forget the key Promise, which would open and look in Doubting castle, and how I longed to twist my hands in the hair of that Flatterer with his net! Delicious to imagination were the good things the travellers had to eat by the way. The raisius and pomegranates, the cordials, wine red as blood, and those wonderful grapes that go down so sweetly as to causa the lip3 of them that arc asleep to speak. The feasts almost made up for the fights with aaaly dragons and terrific shapes com- ' ing out of tho burning pit, terrors that made hideous the road through Dark Valley and v satisfied my juvenile, love ot tho mysteries y and horrible. Sweet to childish fancy were the rarities and lair shows of tho Interpreter’s house; tho letter of the king which Emclt after tho manner of the best perfumes ; the orchards and vineyardB of tha Delectable mountains (then I had never seen a mountain), end the lovely shepherds at Beulah who strewed flowers before the feet of pilgrims bound lot the city of their prince. Here and there I had to spell out hard words, many things were puzzling, but the very wonderments added to the charm of tho story. What w«3 a quagmire, what WS3 a muck-rake, what were stocks, a civet-box; how would one grasshopper burden a mnn, and what sort of shoes were they which never wear out, and how could tho Shining Ones dreEB in gold clothes ? I shivered at tbs paosago through tho cold, black river, forever flowing; tho rives that has no bridge, bnt, oh 1 the raptcro in the triumph beyond 1 The ringing bolls, tho melodious noises, tho singers, and harpers with their harps; above all, that One who sat on tba great whits throne with the rainbow round His head. Those pages thrilled me liks an outburst of triumphant music, tb? exultant fei ling one 1ms in cathedrals re sounding with some mighty anthem. It was winter time, and tho pleasanter for deep snows without wero thoughts of warm palace rooms, tha delicate plain ease, the ehady arbor, and cha meadow curiously beautified with lilies, green all tho year long. At Eunset I looked through gis.'oning towers on frosty window pines, as many years attc-r wardsl watched tho domes end spires of old Stsmbonl floating in silvery mists of tho - Bosphorus, and recalled the tremulous glimmer in the shepherd’s perspective glass. Oa tho top of a high hill caUed Clear, they could not look steadily, yet they thought they siw eomething liko tha gate of the Celestial city, and also Eoma of the glory of the place. Nothing wa3 faint cr vaporcu?. Near at hand, not high and distant, was tho city of tho king—an undimmed splendor. When I went to bed that night lovely shapes, walking, floating, flyiDg, went with mo, and angel eyes watched over my sleep, The supreme delight of tho book wrs Great heart, my hero in the bright armor and helmet with plumes; tho giant killer, tha lover of women cad children, who marohed up to the lions, not minding if they wero chained or not. The warrior-imago has not ohanged in tho waste of years, nor can it ' cbaDge. Ho lives while relatives have died. I loved him then, I lovo him yet. Familiarity has not dulled tho obarm of [ the wondrous tale, and still does the mystio touch of memory sound tho ancient strings. In a half century of pilgrimage I have repoatcdly met tho very brisk lad named Ignorance, who came from tho country of Conceit, have caught glimpses, on several continents, of Madame Bubble celling her vanities, a tall, comsly dame, with something of a swarthy complexion. And, in GtraDge lands, while under the friendly roof of our ir.isEionaries, I bethought me of tho largo upper rooms whero the pilgrims slept and Mercy dreamed her glorious dream: Its window opened toward the sun- rising, tha narao of the chamber was Peace. Frcm Banyan,the change to “The Arabian Nights” was easy ; thence I turned to Shake speare, where I remain unto this day. No shrine outside of Palestine moved me liko the poor little house whero be spent his boyhood, unconscious that he was to enrich the human raco with its greatest literary in he; Banco. As I write the name there rises before me the cool gray day we spent at Stratford. Ths waters of Avon go softly past the old town, which is specklessly clean and bowered in vines and creepers. On the Lucy estate, hard by, is the Shakespcaro stile, made in tho ancient fashion, eo tho upper bar drops and catches the feet of the poacher trespas sing on the deer park. We registered our names in the book, always open, where, every year, 12.000 are written, many by visitors from the dear land wo love to call our own. Two quaint women keep tha place, and toll their story with a freshness that oheors the tired traveller. Again I touch the ceilir-g of the room were “tha foremost man of all this world ” was bom, and mark the low doorways, the cramped and crooked stairs leading to the loft in which he used to sleep among tha rolls of wcol. Not one thought of the endless - dedata came near us that day. Among the green haunts wero many shadows, bnt the clondy spector named Bacon did not ap pear. Who wrote Othello ? The most pathetic of human compositions. As well ask who made the world. Next to Shakespeare stands Scott. “Ivan hoe” is a peifsot romance, and the last conversation of Esbecoa with the templar is worthy the great master himself. The sylvan scenes, with scented woodB and rush ing brooks, are reminders of the deep forest where Jacques mused, and Bosalind laughed- s at love till he caught her in hie net. . ; It ill becomes one who has not read ■ “ Robert Elsmere” to criticise the modern - novel, or tell, even in this striot confidence, _ how, in the general deluge of literature, the only rest is found with a few sonls counted worth saving from the flood. Bead mean books and yon think tho whole world mean. Better to seek the demigods of Plutarch, or read tales of brave men hear our time, who wero stirred by deep impulses to endure sacrifice for a noble end. Though there is - no opportunity for beroio deeds, we oan admire and revere the heroes who heard heavenly voices and thrilled with the sense of great things, visible and invisible, to be struggled for. So shall we, too, be uplifted. The brief space allotted me forbids more than a hint of afternoons filled with the mnBio of the poets, _ Familiar are the melo- . dies of “Penseroao" and_ “Allegro,” the ; words of the “ Anoient Mariner," of “ Mar- ! mion,” the “ Prisoner of Chilfion," and tha voice, “hollow like a ghost’s,” of Arthur—the ideal yet moBt real of English kings—“ bles sing the queen with milk-white arms and golden hair; low lying at his feet.” When the lamps are lighted then eomes the honr for the household singer, the Cam bridge poet, most beloved man of letters in ' our generation; who-spends evenings with him keeps good company. “ And thna, from day to day, my little boat Books in its harbor, lodging peaceably. Blessings be *ith them, and eternal praise, Who gave ns nobler loves and nobler cares, The poetB, who on earth have made ns heirs . Of troth and pure delight by heavenly lays I” COS 