"THE" PLANTER'S- HOTEL. \ A RmiNISCEXCE OE THE OLD St. LOUIS House. "So the old Planters' Hotel lias had to close up at last, ' said a gia -nancd Su. Louis merchant in an up-tov.n cafe ti.e other night as lie read the despatch to than effect in the Tribune. '"That's one 01 tlie old land marks of St. Louis gone. I . wonder what they'll do with it now- It seems only the other diiy when the build ing of it was begun with much ceremony; though when you come to think of it . that was over fifty years ago, and the centre of the town was down in tho river district then, and we thought it was going to stay there. But it couldn't. Every- thing goes west, even St Louis, and not j all the attractions of fine rooms and a j a generous table could keep the travel i ling patrons, or the local ones, either, loyal j to the old house. That Hotel, sir, is 1 closely associated with all the stirring incidents of the city's history. Around if dung rdL the memories 011 which your 'oldest inhabitant' loves to dwell, and: Charles Dickens immortalized it in his 'American Notes.' by cailing'it, I be lieve, the best hotel 111 the country, or, at least, ' a most excellent I10u.se.' Matiy's the merry night I've spent there, and i many a good story has beeii told about the old house, its inmates and its patrons, which are uot so true, perhaps, as amus ing- " St. Louis had a' sort of epidemic of spiritualism some years ago," continued the talker, "aud one of the negro porters about tbo Planters', a smart fellow with some white blood in bim, used to work 011 tlie feelings of the other boys so much by his talk on the subject that he had most of them p;c-ity badly scared. ITe pre- j tended to bo a medium himself, and word of it came to the ears of the proprietor, who called him up one day sud told him be must stop talking such nonsense to the other porters or get out. " ' If you're fool enough to believe in it voni self, which I don't believe you do,' said Mr. H , ' I won't have you scaring the other boys.' "'Idon't go far to scab 'em, Mistah II ,' savs tbo boy. ' They alius askin' me 'bout it, and I can't help hem' er ir.ejuin, nohow.' "'You a medium,' said Mr. IT , ' Don't talk such, rot to me, hoy. How did yon find out you're, a medium !' ' " I kin do some 'mysterious tilings, sail,' said ths' darkey. ' I i:i:i make a bell ring j 'ibym: lo:: -;. i:f it.' i )"(!» aim;-, boy,' S.li 1 Mr. II ; ; ' dou'l- tvi: m any of your i es.' | " ' l'<.-t you my next week's wages I giunst a ten do. ml; bid I can, Mr. II . i'.vtyou ! can r, a of dom call l .-ils 'cicrc a jing.ing 'i-lmut ever touehiu' one oh of-ii.' \Ve!i, i'il take yn:i up, boy,' sui-1 Mr. i-i , -; -".it dun f, try to hog your v.-a;i-s a: ser you've lost them, for you won't gi t idr.-iu. Now goahaad. lir-ciu ihvseancv. :.v:msnon ino spin's h'tand hack, ! ovs, or the ghosts may get ir long fir.Mrs in y.--ur woo;.' This In a group, oi "ibe uihiT po:ie:s ivi;o ivut iuilf griiaiing ami half quaiduir iu expectation. "The smart darkey -in: mediately stepped into a hiiie cupboard un.ier tbe stairway — it \va-: al;out !i!-;o o clock in tin: evon- uig— took off' liis white jacket, slopped down am! <ii-i > .r.irtiiing, wo i-nui.i not soo what, of coui-.-;:'. and ti; stepped for ward, i.erpmg id:; ryes on the he-;!:--, ami waving unns ;ti t!;em. jabbering Mime- tniug iutti.-dod for an . impressive incan'a- iion. In a ! .out a jiffy a score of the bells were jmyi.ng like mad. Tiie darkev grabned tne ton-dollar bit! ho had won, from the harms of the .'-takelioSdcr, and Mr. II sai-.i rathcrangrilv : "'Now stop their eonlqunded noise, can't j-on. quick ! ' "I ain't nujuin nufr" yet to do dat, sain' said tlie darkey v it'i; a a grin. "Just then a furious guest came -bound ing down stairs, shouting, ' What's trie gas turned off for in this outrageous wsv, upstairs?' "'Slop that black rascal !' veiled Mr H . as the negro Tncjum' made a break for the back entrance, but he was gone before any one could catch him. Tim scamp bad turned off the gas. from tiie upper part of the nous?, ami it look a deal of trouble to go ' around to all' the ' rooms and shut off' the burners before the gas could be turned on acaiu and rc- liubted,-" . .... . 