? THE L/LND PUBCHABE Bill. WB now know with certainty what the principal features of the Land Purchase Bill are, and feel absolutely certain that it will meet with most determined opposition from the Irish leaders. Its proper title would be' a bill for the relief of Irish landlords, for it would benefit them, and them only. It would be difficult to say which is its worst provision, all being most objectionable. Even if it appeared certain that the prices of agricultural produce had reached their lowest level, no country land in Ireland would be worth twenty years' purchase. And with the uncertainties attending increasing competition from foreign countries it would be utter madness on the partof Irish farmers to fall in with a scheme based on twenty years' purchase and on the scale of rent now fixed. There is all the more objection to such a course, as the rents have been kept up in the interests of the landlords, or of the Jews in whose hands most of them are. How is the absurd proposal to be reconciled with, the acknowledged principle that the interests of tenant and landlord are equal P If, as Mr. Healy pointed out, an unwilling tenant may be forced to surrender possession at seven years* purchase of his interest computed on the yearly rent, why should a higher valuation be put on the landlord's interest P Anything above fifteen years' purchase at a moderate rent, the tenantfarmers could not be safely advised to accept. The rate of interest to be paid is the next consideration, and it is considerably above what it should be, or need be. On State security the Government could borrow money at per cent., or a little over it, and at a charge of 3 per cent, to the tenants there should be sufficient maTgin for all purposes. And the security of the Irish revenues Bhould be considered as good as could be offered. From the Nationalist point of view there is also an insuperable objection to the English Parliament pledging to any extent the revenue of the Irish customs just at present. The Irish Land Question is one for an Irish Parliament to settle, and it should be reserved for that supreme authority in the country to deal with. English Ministers and English Parliaments have so often proved their unwillingness and incompetency to bring it to a satisfactory settlement that they cannot be again trusted with the task. It has in every instance been only too evident that they have had other interests to serve than those of the tenantfarmers or the Irish people, and there is no reason why more confidence should be reposed in the intentions or abilities of the Coercionists of to-day than their predecessors merited. If there was not their villainous policy heretofore to show that they are unworthy of confidence, their Land Purchase Bill would leave no doubt upon that point in the Irish mind. The measure is not redeemed by the proposal to apply a portion of the Irish Church Disendowment Fund to what in the lying cant of the day are called the congested districts. The amalgamated boards are in this case to "amalgamate holdings and to improve them, but here again, as the compulsorv sale clauses have been dropped, the landlord would be chiefly benefited. He would stick to his land with an income far above its value in an unimproved state assured to him. And what would become of the people thinned out of an already thin population P They would be forced to migrate if they were unwilling to emigrate. A hard lot in either case, and one that in no country not woefully misgoverned would be either proposed ornecessary. The Irish representatives are not the only members who will resolutely oppose this measure at every stage. In LibeVal ranks they will, if we are not mistaken, have many supporters, and some also on the Conservative side of the House,. for clearly the credit of England is pledged for the benefit of Irish landlords. We make not the slightest doubt but that Mr. Gladstone, notwithstanding the pacific reception he gave the measure, will strongly oppose it; and it will not surprise us if the Irish landlords consider that the good terms they have got are not quite good enough. They will be apt to kick against those 2f per cent, bonds, though they compare favourably with the 4 per cent, interest with which it is proposed to saddle the purchasers, MB. HENBY GEOBGE, ME. BBKBT who is known to some GEOBGE. of his more ardent admirers as the Humanitarian Political Economist, and jnu; u" re widely known as the author f "Progress and Poverty," delivered is. opening lecture in the Town Hall, n Tuesday evening, to a very large udience. Mr. George is a fluent and arnest speaker, and as the apostle of a ew creed which to no small proportion f mankind must be really fascinating, e got a most attentive hearing. The eople, who, while admiring the man or his gifts and motives, cannot be ersuaded to accept his theories, were estrained by oourtesy from objecting to hem, and the minority of the audience ho had already become his disciples ere numerous enough to give him all he encouragement he could-reasonably xpect at the initiation of his campaign n this colony. Three-fourths of the ecture may be described as introductory, eing mostly taken up with a description f the unhappy social condition of large umbers of people in new, as well as in ld, countries, though in the latter in a uch more aggravated form. The picture as ably drawn and yet not overdrawn. t must have impressed upon every stener the truth that riches and comfort re very unequally distributed, and that he accumulation of wealth in the hands f the few is the cauBe of dire poverty nd consequent degradation of soul and ody among the many. It was made qually plain that this deplorable state of hings is chiefly the result of land onopoly and the refusal, in so many ases, to allow the land to become prouctive through the expenditure of labour n it. In another view of the conseuences of land monopoly, Mr. George eferred with much force and effect to e hard circumstances of poor tenants the north of Scotland and in the west f Ireland. In the lattter case the mall tenants gave all their labour o poor soil that would be worthss under other conditions, and whilst hey lived in squalid poverty the landrds rioted in luxury on the fruits of heir labour, the explanation being that he absolute owners of the soil exacted in ent a third, or even half, what it ielded. But, added the lecturer, in a ine vein of irony, there are -no slaves here; the landlords are masters and ords whose will dare not be disputed, ut there are no slaves. The greater ortion of Mr. George's lecture was very ntertaining, though it cannot be said that here was anything new in it. But, to s at least, the latter portion was not atisfactory, for "it was not convincing, in he first place, that the evils on which he lecturer dwelt, and which no one isputes, could be remedied by the ingle tax .system, or, in the second, hat there is no other remedy to hich there is less objection. There s, however, no occasion to pursue he subject at this stage. The interest ttaching to the theory is, for the present, t least, far from being practical. Alost every person is aware that the ingle tax is to do away with every other orm of taxation, and is to produce eneral contentment, happiness, and oodness, and we may wait till the blessng is demanded generally—farmers inluded—for a more favourable opporunity of fully discussing the question. NOTWITHSTANDING occa- THB CABLE sional errors and some SERVICES, very strange blunders, the cable services of our aily contemporaries are really admirble, and we are not unthankful for the se we make of them. But for one hing they would be almost faultless, nd a pity they are not, as the defect ould be avoided witL.yery little trouble, nd its avoidance would, in more senses han one, place our morning contemoraries in a much better position before the public. It would certainly raise them very much in the esteem of the Irish portion of the community. It is very remarkable that the errors are almost wholly confined to Irish affairs; and only on one hypothesis can it be explained that they are for the most part either egregious blunders or gross misrepresentations, which reflect very unjustly and unfavourably on Irishmen or the Irish movement. To false reports of the latter class we have often had to . refer. In this instance we have to' direct attention to a misstatement which is really extraordinary and unaccountable, though bearing, as we admit, no sign of malice. In an Age message it .was circumstantially stated that the Land Purchase Bill had been read a second time and defeated. Even the particulars of the alleged division were given." On that account we considered that it was just possible tha,t the measure had for some reason ,.bqen hurriedly pushed forward, and, accordingly, we refrained from contradictingthe announcement. Now, as we were strongly inelined to expect, we find that there was no truth whatever in it.,, The Land Purchase Bill is one of the .meaBunep iot the support of which Lord Salisbury has deemed it necessary to make a special appeal to his party. Even in the journal which so unaccountably reported its second reading that fact is mentioned, and yet no allusion is made'to the previous message, which is thus shown to have been a pure fabrication. "Where responsibility for the invention rests we are not aware, but we do know that the Badical journal ha,s a laboratory for the manufacture of cable messages, in which there is some ruling genius whom we would back for funny inventive powers and word-spinning against any journalist -whom we have come across in our lifetime. "WE have already given THE CENSUS the decisions at which AND the statists assembled in BELIGION. conference at Hobart arrived, and such of our readers as have given to them the slightest consideration can hardly have failed to observe that the return relating to religious profession is of much interest o our denomination. It ma^ be assumed that the census papers in this and in the other colonies will be in the form recommended by the assembled statists, and this form is a departure from that heretofore employed, and is not at all so simple. Much nearer to the, date of taking the census will be our best opportunity for giving our people full instructions as to how they should fill up the blank relating to religious profession, but as something is gained from early discussion of a point of this kind it is not too soon now to offer a few suggestions on the subject. If, for instance, the parents differ in religion, and that of the children be not specified, the latter will be' classed as of no religion. From this it follows that, in a case in which either parent is Catholic, and the children are being brought up in that faith, care should be taken to clearly mention that fact. Again, if parents fail to return themselves as being members of some denomination, the children will be so classified, from which it follows that every Catholic parent, no matter how neglectful of the practices of the Church he or she may have been, should claim membership on this occasion, and do so also for the children of the union, if that be permitted, and there is, as there should be, a sincere wish to perform a most solemn duty in their regard. There are also a few other points on which later on it will be expedient to offer some advice. For the present, it is sufficient that we have directed attention to the more important requirements with which Catholics could not too early familiarise themselves. It should be their object, one and all, to have a complete census of our denomination taken, and it is not too much to expect that, with that end in view, those capable of giving help will do so where needed. WHEN the Mel- QUICK: TO WBONG bourne Tory organ AND does not refuse to SLOW TO BIGHT, rectify its blunders it takes its own time to do, so, unmoved by the consideration that to delay justice is almost equivalent to a denial of it. The letter from Mr. Cox, M.P., which we publish from its issue of Tuesday last, affords an opportunity for an instructive study of our contemporary's peculiar ways of dealing with Irish Nationalists or Irish National affairs. With the. aid of a few comments it will be seen that Sir Thomas Esmonde has not fared much better at its hands than other Irishmen who were denied the opportunity of vindicating themselves or their cause. An enormous exaggeration, amounting to a deliberative falsehood, was imputed to him when he could not justify himself. In his absence his colleague, Mr. Cox, corrected this misstatement, and he did so before he left the colonies, which was on -the 17th inst. We have reason to believe that his letter, which only appeared on the 25th inst., and then without date, was Written a few days earlier than the 17th inst. Later than that it could not have been written. This delay to its publication would be intelligible if it were so long that it might ,have been necessary to hold it over till , space for it could be conveniently afforded. Or the delay would be explicable if ithad.been deemed necessary to refer the : contradiction to the correspondent who had made the impugned statement j but, from the editorial footnote attached to Mr. Cox's letter, it may be assumed that that course wasnot taken. There could therefore have been no reasonable excuse for the delay, and, in the absence of anysuchthjng, the Argus is open tothe charge of unfair dealing. l?or reasons of our. own we did not allude to the misstatement, but left the matter in the hands of ft BB journal responsible for it. With Jut M & result is seen to the discredit of our con temporary, who, where an fcjA Nationalist is concerned, is a 8 slow to • M rectify a wrong as it is prompt to inflict an injury. ; THE Eight Hon. IT,. BEIICS OF Henry Campbell-Ban. PENAL TIMES, nerman, Jf.P. f0, ,, Stirling, vpho had-gben notice of his intention to move, in the House of Commons, that Roman Catholics should be eligible for the .positions of Lord Chancellor of England and Viceroy of Ireland, has withdrawn the motion and we are glad of it. Slaying ghosts is not a very useful occupation, and per. sistenoe in the motion would partake Bomewhat of that character. At least that is the view which Irishmen who had given the subject any consideration would be likely to take of it. Of the Irish vice-royalty, it may be said that it is an institution whose days are numbered. By corruption its vitality is so eaten away that any attempt that might be • made to restore it to health and prolong its life would be futile. And as a task of the kind would be labour in vain, we should be sorry that any friend of Ireland seriously took it up. In a much greater change that is near at hand this particular relic of penal times to which Mr. Campbell-Bannerman directed renewed atten. tion will be swallowed up. As for the other disability which he desires to have removed, it more, especially concerns English Catholics, and if it is not so irksome to . them as to cause them to move in the matter, there is no reason why their Irish co-religionists should trouble themselves very much about it. It is of no political interest to them, and as they have experienced very little gratitude indeed for the great and successful fight they have already made in the cause of religious liberty there is no great inducement for them to concern themselves in any way about this particular disability. In a small way, its existence is certainly an offence to Catholics generally; but till that very small section of them, on whose loyalty it is so great a slur, have the spirit to resent it a .protest from others is not called for. Just at present* a majority of English Catholics are so preoccupied with a determination to resist Home Rule with all the help they can give the Coercionists they have not a thought to spare for that degrading disability from which Mr. Campbell-Bannerman desired to free them. But in years to come, when there are no Irish claims to vex them, it may occur to them that they should not sleep under the indignity to which they now seem indifferent, or wait till others interest themselves in its removal. If, as we hope, their numbers should largely increase in the course of years, the strength and confidence they now lack may possibly embolden them to combine for the removal of this lastvestigeof thatreligious intolerance from which O'Connell and the Irish people at his back almost wholly emancipated them. J C [ js I I [ 