The Rev. J. H . L. Zillmann's Book. A REVIEW. [By GIL Blas.] The latter part of the eighteenth century is memorable as the most eventful period in the history of the world. It was the period of the French Revolution, the most astonishing revolt that has ever happened, in which, as Edmond Barke says, "all sorts of crimes were jumbled together with all sorts of follies," and France rose from the dreadful chaos a new and hopeful nation. It was the period, too, when events were shaping the destinies of mil- lions of the English-speaking people; for, about a century ago, America, struggling under the taxation arbitrarily imposed upon it, at the point of the bayonet, by the British Crown, failing to move the King and his Ministers from their career of haughty and reckless obstinacy, was thrilled by the electric cry of Patrick Henry—" We must fight! An appeal to arms and to the God of Hosts is all that is left us. I repeat it, sir, we must fight 1" iAnd. after a desperate and bloody struggle between the mother and daughter-one of the blackest blotches on British statesmanship- theshackles were knocked fron the feet of the American people, and the Eagle of Liberty soasel over Lae new Republic, in which it was declared, and admitted forbthe first time on this uncertain planet, that "all men are created equal," and, by the "Declaration of Independence," which was received with the ringing of bells and universal joy, liberty was "proclaimed throughout the land, and unto all the inhbabi tants thereof." About this time, too, theships of Great Britain-or " fBoating helle," as they were called-were sailing over the oceans, with their burdens of human creatures, steeped in misery and woe--one-fourth of these creatures, be it oe?rved, died upon the voyage-their uniformed soldiery, with their instruments of death; and, while Listenono nations ent Their gaze at Freedoo' great experiment in Columbia. one of the darkest chepters is the wordld' history was opened in Australia. The dark days, however, came to a termina tion, and, with new light, young Australia en tered upon what will, no doubt, be a great, if anot a glorious, career. The French, Americaso, and Australian Centennial r joicings were coin cident. The American people have, in R. M. Devene's valuable book, and in numerous other works, descriptiveportraitures of all the m' mor able events, .movements, historic characters, and aspirations of the ·New World since the birth of the Republio, and portraitures of American life in all its light and shade. And, at the present time, when the eyes of the world are turned upon Australia, a book of a some what similar nature, or one, at leatne, that would make na understood-that would enable people to see as as we really are-has been sorely needed. But, to write such a boLk, a man should have a fullness of knowledge, and should be able to see the true significance of things; he should be able to leave himself and his partiraoship behind the curtain for the time beming, and on deavonr to represent his euhject in all sts reality. These qualities Mr. Zdllmann has in no marked degree. HIe is an ablu preacher or lecturer, as those who have heard him in Ips wich can testify; but able treachers or lec turers are not alwaya able writers. He is like wise one of the oldest natives of Queenelanu, although not, as he himself somewhat glibly says, "an aboriginal, mor.yet a descendant of that class of imnmigrants by whom the colonies were at first populated, and which has been satirised in a well-known couplet True patriots, be it understood They left their country for their countruy's good." The main part of the book before me-which is obvioesly written with a view to circulation in the old country--is devoted to Qeenos land, a colony which has suffered somewhat lately at the bands of seoidisand *'his torians." Mr. Zillmann'e book, is many be as well to state here, shows the want of an editor. It is badly arranged, and ooutnins blundera- grammatical and historical-which mighs have been detected bpy a nsupervising eye. An amnateur is always crude without the refinian infiuence of an editorial pen. In the opening chapters he gives an accounut of the explorations of different parts of the continent, whichb.ae tiresoose reading, and, considering that these narratives have.been written time after time, I can only say of them, in the book before me, what Matthew ArnolL said of Wright's version of tho" Iliad" -that they have "no proper reason for exint ing." In his account of the:dlecovery of gold in Victoria, given later on, Mr. Zillmann de clares that Victoria has the first place among thseAunatralian colonies, "the American element having entered largely into the Victorian population," and her superior posltion being owing to nerve, energy, and enter prise. I have, not time to dispute this, but I may remark that it is refreshing, id view of the fact that that organ of Jingoism, the SI. James's Oazetc, has late'y been making what is termed a "sensational attack" on Aus tralia, with Victoria as the pretit. The prosperity of Victoria, however, as far as it goes, one is inclined to think, is mainly due to her protective policy, but the fact cannot be overlooked that, if the ooogeition of toe popo lation in the api al increases, as it.bas been increasing of aInt, the colony has a doubtful future. Like Mr. Bonwick, in his carefully written book, "The Resources ofQueensland," Mr. Zillinann describes the climato of the colonies. But in the succeeding cbaptera he is dreadfully ao?tobiograpbical. He complaine, rather unjustly, I 'biulh, th t "the spirit is not dead yet which regards it as a sort of dis grace to say that So-and-so is a native of the colonies." "The bishops of the Episcopal COurch in the colonies," he says, "who are, without exception, Englishmen, and have strong English prejudices, appear to regard, with grieat disfavour, any native born cleriosl aspirant, and the leaders amongst the laity, who are also, for the most part, Englishmen, have equally strong prejudices of the same kind." The "prejudice,' so far s I1c can - certain, existed only in one case. The same prejudice, he contends, exists in the Churlches of every denomination in Australia. including the Roman Catholic. "I onceheard of a priest, not so long ago, who, when entering upon his duties, was greeted thius by a leading parishioner-' Is it true that you are a coloni ally- ordained clergyman.-' colonially' being pronounced 'k?~a-lonially,' with a decided and ecomrful emphasis on tle firet syllable." If tnie in true, the parinshioner wves, to cay the iast, a most impudent and vulgar fllow, and contentions that have to be supported by such elsly etoris must be miserably weak. If any thing, the colonials have a more decided ten dency to disroespect those who come from the mother-country, and are unacquainted with the life and manners of tihe colonies; and, moreover, the natives have their societies, er eluding " foreiguerE," throoglshot the colonies, and tseir pol.tical opinioos, when expressed, certainly receive as much attention as they deserve. Thie author, however, very justly resents the insult at times thrown in the faces of certain young Australiane-sthough always by bshallow-minded individuL--tbat they are the sons of men who were atone time prisonors of the Crown, In three or four chapters on bushranging, Mr. Zillmann does not disguise his sympathy for, and admiration of, some of the desperadoes. In lamenting the violent death of Be Ba Hll, for instance, he oays:--"Ths body wase brought to town, and buried in a caruer-an unconse crated corner, of course-of the public conme tcry, within hearing of which I have often oSiciated at the graves of those who were buried within tihe proper precincts of 'God's acre.' but who, perhaps, lmay not have fered so well in thie pirit wo:ld as Ben Hall. the great buahranger of the Weet"-a remarkable assertion from "the very eldest native Queense lander who has taken orders in the Church of England," and one ahich useut be very conu oling to the friends of some of the dead. He btves descriptions of the lives and habits of the blasks, and contends that it ie impossible to instil into their minds the simplst elements of ieligiouans belief. At one mies;onary slation, to his personal knowledge, the blacks "actually got as far as to sap the Lord's Prayer in Eng ,' Puast and Present Australlen Lie, by the Rev. J. . L. Zltlmans, no Ausiraliao c:atlve." lish, hut each occaeion of its repetotion was under the influoence of some promise, as a loaf of bread, and. when it came to the words 'Give us this day our daily bread,' supposing that it had some reference to the promise of a loaf, they would cry out, 'Yawwy. budgeree you; and tobacco too I' (the two firet words being the aboriginal for " Yes, very good.')" He also relates other incidents of a similar, but more outrageous, nature, and, if current, the out.look of our religious bodies in this direction is somewhat gloomy. BRegrjing colonial life, he states that it was not uncJmmon, not long ago, to see M.A.'e from the English Uciversities "engaged as cools on stations, or as hullock-drivers on the roads ;" tells of young Englishmen who have taken up with the blacks in order to practice "their polygamous and other degraded pro pensitiec," and represents the "fathers of the aristocracy of Australia." in general, as being totally ignorant of letters, many wealthy men being anable to sign their names. On many of the back stations, the people, we learn, are in the same state, and, in one place, until the ad vent of a missionary, not long ago, they had not heard of the death of Christ I On the other hand, I find the Rev. Dr. Dale stating, mn the Contemporary Reviet, that, even on lonely stations, Australians "meditate and speculate upon the personal qualities and on the policy of the leading statesmen of Germany, Austria, Russia, Italy, France, and on the real military strength of the European States." Both statements, no doubt, aRe exaggerated, as the station hands in Australia are neither below nor above the intellegence of their fel low- coloniutn. Mr. Z litmann thouen gives tome information for intending immigrants, with which his literary labours terminate. It is an agreeable novelty, of course, to see an Australian native come forward and give his impressions on his own country. The publio have long enough been the dupes of "globe-trotters," like Mr. J. A. Froude, who remain in the colonies for a few weeks, speak to more waitresses and bar-maids than repre soentative men, and return to write a book on the character, aspirations, and life of Aus. tralia. It is a pity to see suech men as Lord Rosebery, Lord Carnarvon, and Cardinal Man ninog wasting their time and eloquence in "orating" on Iwperlal Federation, which is, as Sir Charles Lilley says, "a phantom with less substanoe behind it than Pepper's famous ghost." This arises from a want of a true knowledge of Australian sentiment. While Mr. Zillmann's book contains a good deal of see. ful information, it also contains a good deal of rubbish. His politicalopinions, and his hatred of the Grifithians, are urged on the reader in every chapter. He supports many of his con. tenteons with paltry stories, some of whichare taken, it seme to me, from Ameican humor. on0 sources, and adapted to the oeiroomtances of the onease. These yarns might be told with effect at a fireside, on a winter's night, but they are out of place in a work like the one nnder review. Itook Mr. Zdlmann's book up with hope; I lay it down in disappointment. 