Mantioal Superstitions Fallacies. and BY KELP. Whether it is that 86 descendants from (he e\rlie>- sailors, who were of strong religious character, or that the signs and wonders the mariner sees, the perils he encounters, or the providential escapes he experiences, this deponent saith not, but of a verify the sailor proper, although strong in profanity at. sea, and his life "n shore genenillr open to much reprehension, ira* imbued with strong feelings of reverence or superstition—certainly not fear. I say " was.'' becmse the sailor of to-day is a hybrid totally distinct from the man of the other dny, affects ft ore clothes and political economy, and in no class is the temfiora mvtantur mutamur ah Wit more recognisable in fact, tli-vn in oar friend "Tarry Breaks," although probably the.majority are still true to their earlier prepossessions, prejudices and ignorances, and will seldom let natural science —" dipped into" by almost all classes in these drya of educational advancement -overcome his early time, beliefs and superstitions. It is a rank heresy with him to whistle unless in a calm, he is terribly exercised at exhibitions of electricity on the yard-arms or mast- heads, and has some vague idea of uneasiness about those " composants" (corpus nanctus, Holy Ghost of the early and Catholic sailor), and it would be injudicious to try to reason him into a belief of their perfectly natural and explainable character. 1 have seen men, intelligent men, make the sign of a crocs in the face of a heavy sea coming on board, I presume throwing that holy symbol to check its force; for my own part 1 always tried to make a'grab at something mere tangible and to me more reliable. Bome—and even i timorous landsmen—procure and carry with ' them a child's caul (indeed I saw in the Timebut a few years since an advertise- J ment for one of these natural curiosities) which is alleged to be a charm rendering j death by drowning impossible—no religion about this? it i6 the out-come of an old Pagan legend, classical withal-the Odyssey ! Ulysses, in the course of his wanderings, chums in with a sea-nymph—a good deal after Jack's fashion at Gosport beach—and on leaving she gives him as & charm against drowning, her head-dress " threhnodonthe head-gear of the Grecian women being then, as of later days, an ornamental cowl or hood which partially shrouded the face. The natal caul is reaily a membraneous cowl— and r Ua tout! the whole story of the superstition. The shark, too, has been vpritsailyarded, rifled, hooked, harpooned, and killed whenever possible, and although I have a tremendous antipathy to th9 brute 1 really believe he is somewhat misunderstood and the victim of a good deal of prejudice. .Of course the popular idea of the shark," his tricks and his manners," is that he is always mysteriously "on the job" when the cock's buoket is emptied, a sailor or passenger falls overboard, or " our dear departed brother" goes over the standing part of the fore-sheet into the widest cemetery of the world. '1 bis Idea obtains corroborative strength from the fact that coming or going from the colder latitudes into warmer weather, impaired constitution* often exhibit signs of failure, and abont that time Jehu Shark turns his evil eye up from under the counter or stern, and of course everybody understands that be, " Squnlvt Horridvx," or some such abonimable name <s come for "poor so and so." Now the circumstance presents a totally different aspect to me ; the barnacles (a marine crustacea which adheres to and growB on the ship's bottom) by an instinct, which one can haidly understand, always congregate where there is the least water friction—under the quarter—and I firmly believe that while the shark is open to the picking up of any unconsidered waif, human, ovine, bovine, mineral or what not, his legitimate oV.ject is the barnacle; just as the " thresher"—merely a shark with an ahnorm ally long caudal fin — is believed to beat the whale, a most absurd idea, because no blow that the fish could give with his tail covld hurt our cretaceous friend through his thich coat of blubber—what the thresher is seen doing, is, by switches of his tail, knocking off certain parasites of the whale, for food, and it is quite possible that animal, the whnle, is like most school-boys improved by. licking although he is " gallied" (frightened) by the; peration and runs, prob ably the thresher returns and picks up the spoil as they cither float or gravitate. STOCK AND PRODOEE SALES.—Elder, Smith, & Co. report as follows :—Kangaroo Skins—1 here is a strong. demand for all classes of kangaroo skins, which realise extreme prices. Heavy weights are much inquired after, and prices for such are much higher than those obtained for the smaller skins. We quote extra large and heavy darkfurred skins, 110s. to 138s, per doz , some a little higher; large, 90s. to 108s. ; medium sized and fair weights, COs. to SOs.; small to medium, 22s to 50s.; very light from 6s. to 16s. per doz. Our last ratalo^ue included a considerable number of red-furred skins, which were eagerly competed for by the American buyers, and realised extreme prices. We quote red-furred skins and euros at from 80s. to 110s. for extra heavy ; heavies, 50s. to 75s.; small to medium weights. 16s. to 45s.; very small and light 4s. to 12s. per doz. K&bbit; Skins—There is a good demand at late rates, and all forward find ready sale. Sleeved skins in good condition, la. to Is. 6rt. per doz., a few heavily furred higher ; small, and poorly furred, 6d. to 8Jd. per doz. ; very small and weevil damaged, 2d. to 4d. per doz. Fat Cattle— 370 yarded, forming a somewhat short supply. There were 326 in from Queensland, and the remaining 44 came from the north ot this Colony, The quality was very even, being good to prime throughout, competition was more active than last week, and prices show a slight advance. Prime bullocks, £7 to £8 10s.; good, £5 10s. to £6 10s Prime cows, £5 10s. to £6 10s. ; good, £4 to £4 10s. Fat Sheep—6448 penned. The supply comprised two flocks from New South Wales aud a number of local lots, the quality ranging chiefly from useful to go:d, with a few prime. Enquiry was brisker, and prices firmer ; the demand, however, w s limited, and only 400 going to graziers, 1,000 had to be held over unsold. Prime Lincoln wethers, 23s. 6d ; good, 15s. to 16s. Prime crossbred ewes, 14s' to 15s.; good, 13s. Prime merino wethers. 14s. to 15s. 6d ; good, 13s. We sold 2.173 sheep at quotations. Lambs—869 came to hand; only a small proportion were prime, and these met ready sale at firm values! Inferior sorts were almost unsaleable, and 130 were held over. Prime, 10s. 6d.; good, 8s to 8s. 6d. We sold 178 at carrent rates! Calves—145 yarded; owing to the large number in, competition was dull, and late prices were not maintained. We sold 27. Pigs—307 penned. A good demand existed throughout for all classes, and an advance in prices can be quoted. Prime quality was in especial request. We sold 84. Store Cattle are in good demand, with but very few offering. Owing to the lateness of the season, this market is quiet, though at our various auction sales all classes of sheep are readily disposed of at satisfactory prices. Many forget that the hair and scalp need cleansing. Kxtensive use of Ayer's Hair Vigor has proved that it is the best cleansing agent for the hair- that it prevents dandruff and stimulate the hair to renewed growth. The South Wales railway employes' strike is not yet ended. 