1 u A Story of the Imagination. By David Dalstok. HE doctor was not the sort of man to give offence intentionally Even in private life lie was mnch. more used to healing than inflicting them; and, though lie might occasionally have to open a bad place in a neighbour's lee. he made it a rale never to probe the heart. Too generous • to everybody, he was far from just to himself, and amongst bis scattered patients on the banks of the Darling, he bad raised the reputation of being nobody's enemy except his own. Had Dr. Martin lived in England, he would have been to this day hoveing between the surgeries of more fortunate practitioners, and the poorhouse oE some provincial town. He had qualifications, both natural and academical; he had also the bold head and grey beard that no examining board is empowered to confer, and yet which, . young doctors who have not tell you are in themselves a fortune to medical men. But unluckily, as a kind of set-off, he had also a large, red ncse and a pair af blood-shot eyes. He was what might, be called a bi-product of the profession. Under no circumstance at home would he have been more than what is known as a "sixpenny doctor." Decent people would have closed the doors of their . sick rooms in his face. None but the poor would have swallowed liis medicine. Yet he did well enough for the Australian bush. His remedies were drastic, but his heart was kind, and the " boss cockies" themselves were as glad of his compauy at all times as they were of his advice in time of need. Jy.ov Edward Winters, the new manager of the branch bank at Wanoua, having just come to the n-ighbourliood, aud being unaware of the place held in the estimation of most people by bis fellow lodger at the Grapes, saw \- Oiily before him, as be sat on the verandah that afternoon, the blood -shot eyes that persisted in watering, the dirty baud with the still dirtier cuff that was raised to brush the significant tears away, and the beer-staineil waistcoat that rose and fell in apoplectic waves. And when the old man began to talk he made him understand las plainly he could without being absolutely lb rude, that his advances were uncalled for. ■Dr. Martin, however, had met young fellows Bra England before, and he knew, or Bjjg bt that be knew, both how to measure them up and how to' take jthem down. Yet there was something he rather liked about young Winters. "He has. at least, the appearance of a gentleman," thought he, "and maybe he don't know whom I am; besides, it will be desperate dull for him with no one hut the parson and the schoolmaster and this boor of a publican to talk to." An English newspaper was lying on the verandah. . It had come by the mail that day, and the new bank manager having read it through during office hours, had carried it tohis hotel and thrown it down beside him, where, half-an-hour before, he tdra fallen lazily into his chair. "'With your permission,--Sir, 3aid the Doetor, returning in the best, of humour to a charge which most men would have abandoned in disgust. The yonng man pushed the paper over with . his foot. Dr. Martin stooped to pick it up and then' fumbled for his spectacles. But the sun was setting and it was already too dusk for the bleary old eyes to read anything but the heading of the articles and the name of the paper itself. " I blow the place well," he said. " Dear me 1 Yes. Mosseaton in Hampshire. I ought to know it anyhow. Yon know it too, I suppose 2 Friends living there, eh 2" *• I had friends there once," replied Winters deliberately. " Yon had 2 Had yon now 2 Friends in the loveliest village in the' world, and yourself in an np-countrv town in Australia I Old Dives might say he'd friends in heaven. I sometimes think of the little church there, and if it wasn't for professional reasons, and the sake of the boys ont here, .who don't get a good skull every day, though mine is a little battered, 1 almost think 1 should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mosseaton. The church gates were never closed against a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no. reason to believe that they would be now. How were the elm-trees "getting on when you left home 2 I calculated that in my time half of 'em had been struck by lightning that was meant for the parsonage. He was a boisterous old man —that rector. But h«!g quite now—gone to the * meet' across the river. A happy hunting ground, no doubt, buta comical sortof' field.' Think of .a scarlet jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pair of wings. Still, it's a lovely spot, and many a man'I've sent to rest there. Have a drink, sir—do 1" 1 Most men thaw a little under the warmth of old associations, especially when the as-, sociations are in a manner picturesque, and they are alone in the bush. But, outwardly, ' Mr. Winters showed no disposition to relent. 1 The most he did was, for the first time since < they had met, to appear interestedi in the 1 doctor's conversation, indeed, if the old < practitioner coold have, felt his pulse at i chat moment, he might have discovered that 1 he was really more interested that he cared ' to show. He declined the drink, however, 1 and sat with an air of moderate indifference 1 whilst the doctor shouted a couple of whiskies, { as he said, -'for the good of the house," and i theuilrauk them both for his own good. : " I was saying that I'd put many a poor i devil to rest in that quiet churchyard," he i continued. " They should be grateful, i'er- 1 haps they'll thank me when we meet—all, i excepting the last case, and I won't be so I certain abont his gratitude. - L attended that i man for five years, and, would you believe i it, he'died" cursing ine. Tlie worst man, sir, ] I. ever knew in my life, and, lor ! I've seen some pretty bad ones. He had a lovely wife, ' too, much younger thau himself, or if she : wasn't she looked it;' and I always say it's 1 not what a woman's age really is that mat- ' ters. but what she looks. She was the belle '■ of the country, and ;there wasn't a young 1 squire for. miles round but would have '• married her without asking a question. They < never did live happily together, though, i For months at a time he refused to look ' at her, and when she did gain his bedside, 1 and, with tears in her eyes, begged 1 to be forgiven if she bad done wrong, and < pleaded that it was only a natural nffection < —I dont know what—he beat her off, and f charged her with turning him out his home 1 for the sake of bringing up another man's t child there. The fellow was mad, of course, i but I always though tthere was Bomeihing in that, for the best of us have our moments of ] weakness, and the worst—I count myself j amongst 'em—have our periods of suspicion." '] Winters yawned, but the doctor went on, < *,0ue young and queenly, remember, with j troops of admirers, and the other old and j lean, without a single friend in'the world. ] You cant wonder at a woman, can yon 2 and ] Lady Winters was—was but a woman," 'lie i was about to say, when the young bank < manager rose from his chair with a cry of ■, horror. i " For heaven's sake stop," he shrieked, " do yon knew to whom you are speaking ? That woman was an a>.gel. She was .my mother." "Your mother 1 Impossible ! You haven't a feature like her—like either of them, in fact." "I don't remember my father. You ought to know that if you attended him as long as yon say yon did." . "Ho, no, of course not," said the doctor, musing. And he, too, rose from his chair and paced the broad verandah. Edward Winters was not what i6 called an emotional man. He had allowed his companion to ramble on in the course of conversation ali through his native village without once interrupting hiui, until in the mental ' darkness that comes out of successive glasses of whisky the old babbler had unwittingly set his foot down on a lender memory. At first, he was dull from indifference ; now he was stupefied with astonishment. There had been heavy rains in Queensland, and the river was running " a banker." The greater part of the afternoon he had been watching it rash madly towards the ocean, idly speculating on the number of sovereigns a minute he would have to throw out of the wiudow to make the loss to his employers equal the loss to the country from such a waste of water. The scene had changed since then. As he stood now with his hands to his head, gazing blankly at the stream, it was no longer flowing westward. It 'was rushing with stupendous speed hack upon its source, back towards the Queensland border, back to the Darling Downs, higher and yet higher op the banks, over the adjacent paddocks, into the maiu streets, flooding the bouses and rumbling in his ears. The stream of the young man's life had changed its course. At the tonc.h of a hidden spring the flood gates of memory had been opeued, and a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon -him from the great ocean of the past. Often had he gazed upon it then flowing placidly on. Only an hour ago had he traced it from the rivulet udoq one of whose boulders -he was standing, and whose every turning he could well define, to the broad flood with ragged hunks, and the hazy ocean beyond. It had not appeared a very dark stream then. Patches of shade had contrasted with bands of brightness, and on the whole the effect had been rather pleasing. How different now, as it thundered back upon him its pitch black waves, and strewd the shores with skeletons, some of which he had never dreamed of, and others that he hadknown and loved to look upon in life. Out of the general wreck, one face gazed beseechingly upon him ; one pair of glassy eyes looked more fall of love, and less wild and staring than the rest—his mother's. He could bear it no longer. Rushing away from the doctor, who was stammering out an unheeded apology, he pushed through a crowd of idlers in the bar to the staircase that led to bis bedroom. The door would not fasten, for the lock was broken, so he rammed a chair against it, and then flung himself on the bed, and groaned and sighed alternately. For a long time be made no attempt to grasp the situation. He wa3 only conscions of an inward pain, and yet so undefined that he coald hardly tell whether it belonged most nearly to the region of the body or the mind.~Iti!focassed itself lin his'heart—not the heart that the clergy speak of as being capable of moral developments, bnt in the fleshly heart, the organ that beats beneath the ribs of the left breast, and is subject to diseases coming within the range of the pharmacopeia. He pressed his hand against it, and tossed from side to side like some winged creature brought down from a height, and stunned by the fall as well as wounded by the arrow, ft is a happy arrangement for poor hnmanity that pain has a deadening effect upon its victims, and that even the seed of an agony must often die before it can be quickened into mortal growth. After a while he rose and paced the room with his hands deep down in his breeches1 pockets. He flung open the window, and gazed out. The atmosphere within was stifling; without, the lnrid twilight of the interior was deepening into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you have watched the sun set over those western plains, and been dazzlea'and bewildered by tbe fine red dust that, rising about that time, impregnates the air with a peculiar radiance, a6d imparts to the mind a feeling of strange repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. Ton might be walking through a vast terracotta model. The weatherboard township assumes a brick-like heaviness and hue, the trees might be fashioned out of red clay, and the darkening sky is steeped in a sombre glow as unlike the snnset colours of any other land —excepting, perhaps, portions of the African bash—as the herbage of the back-blocks is nnlike the meadow swards of England. The warm tones of the landscape harmonised with Winters1 mind. He gazed at it for some time with His hands still in his pockets ; then, folding his arms, he laid them on the window ledge, and, putting his head and shoulders as far ont as he conld, began to turn over in his brain, bis red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, the phantom that broiled and fizzled within. At first it was quite in vain that he chased the whiring thoughts. They dodged him like a crows of imps. He made a lunge at one only to hook another, and when dragging the intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon him in a solid phalanx. He might retreat and leave them. He bad not sought the battle. They hjid assailed him unawares. But that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose, because they would be sure to Eollow him. Ho, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner bell recalled him from bis re- ! rerie. At that moment the sight of food 1 would have turned him sick. He took an rid slouched hat from the bottom of his ' travelling-trunk, a thick walking stick from ' >ne corner of the room, bis pipe from a stand n another, and when the rest of the guests ! rad gathered round the table, sneaked down- : stairs and out into the darkness. Oil lamps swinkled in the quiet streets; a few horses, I cthered by their reins to posts out&ide; the i ;rog shanties, neighed and pawed the ground mpatiently; there were very few people 5 ibont, and the moon had not yet risen. This ; iras, perhaps, fortunate, for a bank manager 1 'ushingont of the township after dark, with 1 lis hat pulled over his face, and an uneasy * roll in his walk, to say nothing of the hurried glances he east from side to side, would have • ' looked at least suspicious. Following the ' main street to the end of the township he ' turned abruptly round by the fence of a ' butcher's paddock, and darted swiftly into 1 Llie bush in an opposite direction to the river, ' Eor its gargling waters aggravated him and be wanted to get away from it. The bush was silent enough. An occasional lizard * started from the grass, and here and there J :be footfall of sheep upon the dead leaves ; md rotten twigs varied the monotony of his • jwh quick steps, but that was all. The trees ;n the district were taller and of more sub- s itantial growth than we see in most parts of ] ;he country, for the scenery along the river uanks alternates between low, flat stretches, 1 ;overed with nothing but herbage, and forest s 1 )f considerable magnitude, where venerable : ;ums, festooned with length of pink misile- 1 :oe at times, suggest the grey pillars of an indent cathedral decorated for some great- f festival. It must have been at least an hour since le passed the last house on the outskirts of .he township and he was still walkiug bard, i He had since said that he knows of nothing ; ;hat would have stopped him but sheer 'atigue, or the billabong, too wide and deep . :o cross except by a risky plunge, which at ength stretched out before him. The moon tad risen, and as he came up unexpectiiiglv ;o the water's edge, it poured a broad shaft )f light down through a rift in the foliage upon the cold, still surface. He was certainly brought to a standstill now. There was a Eallen tree beside hira. He half-leaned, half-sat upon its enormous trunk, and. mopping the perspiration off his forehead, begau to re-adjust the wayward thoughts which the exertion of the long walk had drilled into something approaching discipline. What could the strange old doctor have meant ? Why bad the fates decreed that he should meet, in the black-blocks of Australia, a man who appeared to know more of his family history than he knew himself. What a fool he had been to bring the musty old country newspaper home with hira. The very mischief was in the affair from beginning to .end. How dared the old ruffian say what he did ; and why didn't he shoot him on the spot for his insolence ? That was one way of looking at the matter. For the moment he felt almost inclined to pass it off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good supper and a good night's rest to offer the alternative of an ample apology or a horsewhip to the offender. Sir Wilfred Winters was a memory and nothing more as far as he was concerned. He had lelt home mysteriously when Edward was a child—had been somehow associated with drawn blinds and crape hat-bands a few years afterwards —and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been a topic of conversation between mother and son. The servants had spoken of him seldom and then always disrepectfully. Nobody had thought it worth while to implant a single sentiment of tenderness for the oid man in tbe heart of the child. There was evidently a screw loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. He had been a bad mad likely enough, and it was just as well that he had not been taught to worship the image which was at length to be so ruthlessly hurled into the mud. This was all true ; but the train of thought which brought the recollections was but a momentary recoil of the spring that had for the last three hours been pressing the life out of his very soul. The horrors of the situation soon burst with fresh force npon him. At all hazards he would believe in the perfect saintliness of that lovely woman, lfer memory, at least, was a tender one. It was his gospel—the corner-stone of his belief in goodness anywhere. No; though an angel from heaven were to whisper a suspicion of her purity, his faith would remain unshaken. His mother was above the suspicion even of archangels. Then how dare his father disown him ; how dare he charge his wife before a stranger. The thing was preposterous. Why, the man must be mad ! The word had scarcely escaped his lips, for Edward was muttering aloud, then the blood coursed with renewed force through his veins. M.ad! OE course he was mad. Hadn't the doctor saiil so 1 For the moment he could scarcely remember whether he bad or not, for he had listened with indifference to the old man's conversation until his family name had been so unfortunately dragged into it. Besides, one horrible snspicion had blotted out every other consideration, and it was only with a mental eff >rt that he at length remembered what the facts leading up to the climax, of the story actually were. Now he recollected them all. The doctor had said distinctly that his father was mad. Why had he not thought of it before ? Why had the folks at home conspired to keep him in ignorance when the sweetest memory of his IhEe might at any "moment have been wrecked for the want of simple fact like that. He knew that his father had died away from home, and that for several years before his name had not been so much as mentioned there. As for himself—he was so young when last he saw him that it was with the utmost difficulty that he recalled a vague impression of the old man's face. Evidently he had been confined in a lunatic asylum, and at last had died there. An unhappy ending, doubtless, to an eccentric an unloveable life 1 Yes; Sir Wilfred Winters had died a madman—there could be no gainsaying that. Edward felt a sensation of relief ; almost a thrill of joy. The charges against his mother fell worthless to the ground. Then he remembered distinctly an incident in childhood that had hardly come into. his mind since its occurrence, but which having been dragged from the depths with the leviathan's hook, now rushed into his recollection and confirmed the conclusion that his father must really have been insane. He was out walking with his mother one afternoon, and after wandering a long distance from home they had sat down to rest on a green embankment overhung with hawthorne. A carriage and pair of horses turned sharply into the lane. Apparently it was going to pass them. His mother watched it with the utmost interest, not to say anxiety. As the vehicle approached, she grasped the hand of her child and drew him closer to her. When it came within a hundred yards she seized him bodily, burying his head in her shawl and rocking him nervously to and fro. He heard the wheel go by, through the folds of the garment he sniffed the dust, and from the carriage itself he heard the noise of coarse voices flung discordantly upon the air, and his mother's name "Emily Winters" repeated time after time and accompanied by jeers and boisterous laughter. When the ■ noise died away, and he was liberated from his imprisonment, he had looked into his mother's face. It was stained with tears, and winkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usually placid brow. Until now the incident had remained a mystery. But it was a mystery no longer. The carriage was the vehicle in which the patients from a neighbouring asylum were taken out for " airings," and his father must have been one of the hideous picnic party on tha;j particular afternoon. In itself not by any means a pleasant recollection, but by comparison almost cheering. Edward heaved another sigh of relief and sprang to his feet with the intention of walking back as fast as his legs would carry him. indeed, he had already -moved a few paces dflu when struck by some new phase of the question he staggered back to his fallen tree, rod held a .pale and puzzled face up to the uooulight. His one anxiety had been to justify bis mother. He had felt that at all iazards he mast reason out his belief in the purity of that fair spirit. And he had done io, hut at what an awful sacrifice! If Sir Wilfred Winters was a madman and he was in reality Sir Wilfred Winter's son, then he, Edward Winters, was, perhaps, mad too, or it the very least an incipient lunatic. The -cflection was horrifying. He looked for a solution into the recesses of the forest, for telp into the faces of the sheep. But one was dark, like his own fate, involved in mystery, and the other blank—blank as despair; rod he cast his eyes hopelessly upon the ground. " Every man has his hours of dark rod bitter trial. Edward, your time has jome," a voice hissed in his ear. "Admitone treacherous thought, entreat it hospitably, Banquet it upon your mother's memory, and ill shall be well. Cast that thought hence, keep her entroned in your heart and she wiil live, but you will die—die in a madhouse ! Che choice is your own. Are you prepared V ' I am, eveu for so great a sacrifice," he said, ilowly and with terrible emphasis.' His lips ivere ashy pale, his legs trembled beueath lim, big drops of cold sweat stood on his ioreliead. He knelt beside the fallen tree, rod thonght an earnest prayer. Then with in expression of tearful resignation, like a nan who in the cause of love and duty had parted with something dear, he rose and .taggered homewards. It was late when Edward awoke next morning. He was a sound sleeeper at any time, rod the cares of the previous day, involving 110 mere transitory annoyance, hut a succession of grave alarms and a culminating idea of portended death, had tortured his nerves to the point of excessive weariness, and when far into the night he returned to his hotel, he fell almost fainting into bed. Whatever may he the case with old people, who are generally satisfied with less sleep, a young man has only to take a weight of trouble iqto bis mind and to roll it round and round in the same orbit for a given number of hours and he will soon grow tired and fall fast asleep from sheer fatigue. But the first gleam of sunshine will bring the heartaches back. Edward was conscious of tbcsemi-physical pain he" had experienced on the previous day even before he was sufficiently awake to reflect upon the circumstances that had given rise to it. Another moment and the arrows of memory. poiBoned at his heart's blood, were quivering in his mind again. Poor fellow! The night's rest had only refreshed him with a keener peroeption of the reality of the dangers around him. He might review the evidence more calmly now: he might renew his determination in spite of every consequence to believe in the spotless holiness of that mother who had so long since gone to her eternal rest; but do what- he would he could see no way out of the final conclusion to which a judicial scrutiny of the facts inevitably pointed. One thing was certain. He must deal plainly with the doctor. The old man would probably be sober then, and perhaps wise enough to see the dilemma in which he had placed him. Not that he thought for a moment his informant could clear the horizon by added light. That was evidently out of the question. The most that could possibly come of an interview would be a mutual explanation, an ample apology, and a few bottles of physic— perhaps gratuitous advice as long as be was in need of it. Edward had quite made up his tniud that poisoned blood was flowing through his veins, and though at that moment, with the sunshine streaming in through the window, aud the fresh morning breeze fanning his half-naked limbs, to say nothing of the restorative effects of a good night's sleep, he felt as sane as ever he had done in his life. Still he had no doubt whatever that sooner or later vicious symptoms of some kind would begin to manifest themselves, and that ultimately he would follow Sir Wilfred to a mad-house. A terrible thought to go to one's bath withAn idea that did not materially assist in the buttoning of his collar nor in the fastening of his necktie. But he dressed as usual, and walked into the breakfast room with as little concern as he could well display. Most of the boarders had already breakfasted ; a swarm of flies was feeding on what sugar remained in a cracked and dirty basin ; a tail greyliuuud was mouth a bone on the floor, and a pair of smaller dogs were distributing all over the room the fatty portion of a half-eaten mutton chop. A solitary stranger was in the apartment, and he was ogling a couple of girls who had just ridden up to a store on the opposite side of the road. Edward rang the bell. " 1b Dr. Martin up yet ?" he asked. " He left by this morning's coach, Mr. Winter's," the waitress replied. " When does he return f Sometime today ?" " I think not, for he settled his account, and said he conld't tell when he should be likely to want his room again." " Called away on an urgent case, no doubt." said the stranger, who had by this time transferred his attention to Winters and the slovenly gi rl who served the purposes of wailresss and housemaid at the Crapes. " An urgent case, no doubt," he added, with a cqrl of his moustache and a depression of the lower jaw, indicative of supreme contempt for somebody. Yes. sir, very likely," replied the sloven. " Bah ! girl. Why don't yon speak the truth. Women are the same all the world over. If they can serve their purpose with a lie they will. They love lying, and you go at it as if you were qualifyi ng for society You know very well that Br- Martin didn't leave because they wanted him anywhere else. He left because lie couldn't stand being awoke in the middle of the night by a drunken wretch falling over his boots in the passage, and then groaning himself to sleep with at little thought for other people's dreams as he evidently had for his own." Thestranger looked significantly at Winters and the girl trudging out of the room, the latter returned the glance with a frown. " An argent case, indeed I" the fellow repeated with a sneer. "Look here. Mr. Winters, that sort of thing may go down very well in the township, you know, but it won't answer here. 1 know who you are, and what's more to the-point, I know who you are not. You are not the son of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Mosseaton, in the County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Grapes late yesterday afternoon, and walked on the. verandah just as the doctor was rehearsing a titbit of family history. To be plain with him, 1 may say that I didn't hear it all, but quite enough to satisfy me, and I think, Mr. Knight, enough also to please your pretty Ethel " " Ethel Hayburu ! Are you her cousin. Poor Ethel ! I'm sorry for it."' '• No doubt. It's a convenient relationship, you know. A fellow's cousin may jilt him for the son of. some gouty old knight just out from home ; but she's his cousin all the same. The reserves are called out aud the big guns brought into actiou, but it don't follow that the cables are always cut. No, Mr. Winters, believe me, communication's going on all the same." " I don't know what yon mean," replied Edward, with an air of indifference. For the moment I even forget your Christian name." " Richard — Richard Hayburu, born in Sj'dney, had the measles young, brought up to commerce; penniless two years ago, a balance at the banker's now, and a cousin pining to see me as I pass through on my way to England for an extended tour in— well, shall we say in the neighbourhood of Mosseaton." With that Hayburn rose, aud sticking his thumbs in bis waistcoat armholes, began to pace the floor in a lordly fashion, illustrative, no doubt, of the nobility of average mankind and the consequent worthlessness of a blueblood ancestry. He was a contractorhimself, known amongst his own " sat" as the 11 pi linger." Nobody could be sure when they parted with him one day whether the next they would run up against him wheeliug a barrow or riding in a brougham. Winters went on with his breakfast. He was really hungry, for he had net touched food since luneh time on the previous day, and it was now eleven o'clock in the morning. " Thank you," he said at length, as he left the table, " You've been uncommonly civil for a 6tranger. I've heard your cousin speak of you. she cherishes tender recollections of your pleasantries, Mr. Hayburn. I shall see her to-morrow, have you a message ?" " Yes, but you needn't trouble, " I'll deliver it myself, good-bye." Winters left the room, and walked oat of the house towards the bank, telling the landlord, whom, be passed in the street, that he was going to Sydney on the following day, and would be away probably for the best part of a week. "Ye'll have one agrayable thj-aveiling companion anyhow, Mr. Winters," replied the wily Irishman, winking yvitk both eyes, and jerking his thumb in the direction of the dining-room window. If you have travelled from the " far west " since the railway line was opened, 3rou may have been struck with the strange variety of style in carriages with which the traffic manager endeavours to meet the convenience of all manner of travellers ; and perhaps yon have thought that there must be some eccentric residents in those parts, considering the peculiar tastes for which he caters. Each train looks like a long list of samples, and the fairest tiling to conclude is that it has been driven over the plains for three years in search of a buyer, aud none having turned up is still ou the market, and much the worse for wear,- Edward Winters picked the dirtiest and meanest carriage of all. His magnificent acquaintance, he was well aware, would seek one with cushions and a spittoon at all events; and in that way ha mightcount on freedom from annoyance for the first part of the journey at all events.. It's a good time for reflection when you are imprisoned within four narrow walls, if they are even the walls of a railway carriage and the train is bowling over the plains at t he desperate rate of twelve miles an hour From his comer in the dirty compart ment Edward sat wearily forging fresh links in the chain of destiny that had so recently begun to chink at his heels. Outwardly he maintained an appearance of moderate tranquility. In reality he was on the brink of despair. So earnestly indeed had he fought the doctor's suspicions, so bitterly did he mean to maintain the conflict, that not only was a belief in Sir Wilfrid's madness essential to the position he had assumed, but he began to feel it no less a matter of duty than a matter of course to admit the certainty of a similar doom in his own case. This was the spirit in which he raked amongst the embers, dirty and charred and dry as they were, of the past twenty years of his life. Would a review of his conduct from childhood supply no evidence of mental aberration ? Were there in his composition no instances of hereditary eccentricity The difficulty was to know exactly what was evidence and what was merely irrelevant coincidence. Bat be was going to be balked by no nice questions of that sort. There are times— when a man is very desperate—that he insists upon discovering the worst, and if the " worst" is not bad enough, then at the bottom of his heart he feels dissatisfied. Edward Winters was in just such a humor. With the ingenuity of a criminal lawyer, he pressed the case against himself. One fact after another, relating more or less closely to the question at issue, came to light; circumstances that had hitherto appeared absurd or trivial, clothed themselves in undreamed of significance. He rifted, and arranged them cautiously, and then with trembling anxiety argued each point in succession. After all though, his life had not been althgether wretched, it had been grcviously haunted, aud now, as he peered into the past, the ghosts came out of their caverns aud greeting him with horrible jibes led him back to his father's grave. Thus the case went against him and the train bowled on. The gaunt, grey trees with their naked outstretched arms, and those that were clothed with their shroud of colorless leaves marched past in a ghastly procession. To avoid his companion of the day before, instead of getting out with the rest of the passengers for refreshments he fed alone in his cage. He smoked there too at intervals, and before night came, to his surprise, for lie was a sober man, he discovered that he had emptied his u hisky flask. Hour after hour passed away, The saltbush country gave place to the forest, the plain began to break up into low hills, the townships grew more important, cultivation paddocks surrounded the homesteads, and at length as the outlines began to fade and the red dust to rise once more into the air, lights appearing in the scattered shanties and glaring fires outside the tents, he dozed off into an uneasy sleep. It was quite dark when he awoke, with a start, as the train shunted with a jerk against some cattle trucks waiting on a siding to be conveyed to the metropolis. To his surprise he was no longer alone, During his nap a stranger had entered the compartment. He had evidently joined the train at the last stopping place, for he was still arranging his luggage, and had not even disturbed the packages vvitl) which the opposite seat was strewn. They were almost in. the dark, for the oil lamp which they shared with their nest door neighbours was less effectually distributing light than shade. Edward rose ai once and removed the obstructions to his fellow traveller's comfort. The man thanked him courteously, and having ensconced himself in a corner began to till a huge pipe. "That's very provoking," he said, after searching in every pocket, " I certainly had a box of matches." Without saying a word, Edward passed half-a-dozen wax vestas between his finger and thumb. * Again the stranger thanked him, aud proceeded to light his pipe. The transient glow irradiated a beaTded face with a pair of earnest eyes, and lips so tightly compressed at the corners that for the moment it was hard to say whether or not it was a kindly face or merely one indicative of unusual firmness and self-possession. ■' I hope it's my only vice," said the stranger, puffing away with the relish of a man who had just survived a tobacco famine. " I suppose I could give it np if necessary, but why should I ? Why should any man find a pleasure in whittling down the little comforts of life? It is said that it's easier to sacrifice one's grog than one's pipe, and for my own part I believe it. Iadeed, in my case I sometimes think that smoking's hereditary." Hereditary 1 The transmsssiou of personal characteristics was just then occupying Edward's mind to the exclusion of almost everything else. His lips quivered. He looked stedfastly into the speaker's face aud enquired with some anxiety, " Have you studied the question ?" "No. not the question of an hereditary love for tobacco. It's a mere surmise, though there may be something in it. The Irish must surely inherit a liking for potatoes." The stranger laughed, and struck another match to resuscitate his pipe. Edward smiled faintly, and assuring himself this time that his companion had a kindly face. replied, " You believe in the transmission of some peculiarities then—bow avont madness ?" Undoubtedly 1 believe in the hereditary transmission of madness." The young man winced ; but it was too dark for anyone but himself to be aware of the fact. " Did you ever hear of an instance She read hall the letter through, then paused to count the days to Christmas, when he had promised to he in town again." in which the child of a mail suffering' from acuta and permanent derangement lived and died in his senses 2" " Certainly I have," replied the new-comer. " In my experience as a clergtman I've seen many such cases, although as a matter of faot I've generally observed a :tendency towards mild eccentricity in inost'of them, and 1 shouldn't liks'to vouch for the next generation. Are you interested in the study?" Edward Winters had no intention of proclaiming bis fears to -the world. He felt that he was treading on dangerous ground and merely replied that he had recently met with a case in which: a young .man whose father had died in a madhouse, soon discovered hereditary symptoms in himself ; and added, " Now, supposing that young fellow asked you for your daughter's hand, would you consent '"If I was acquainted with the circumstances I should certainly . do my best to dissuade him' from :marrying at all. It's a difficult question to answer. It would all depend upon the symptoms ; and after all it's a matter for the^doctors to decide. Is your friend engaged 2" This was almost too much. Edward bit his lips,and hesitated. "Perhaps I'm trespassing upon your confidence," said the clergyman at length. " It was quite unintentional, I assure you." •' Don't apologise," Edward replied. " Yes, I'm sorry to say that he is engaged." '• What do you think of his state of mind"!" " Well, oddly enough, nobody doubts it but himself; although to tell you the truth the symptoms as he describes them do look rather bad. Throughout his life, at intervals, lie has suffered from acute morbidity. A change in the weather, a lack of congenial society, a slight disappointment, has always been sufficient to produce the most lamentable depression of spirits. Then there were the fears of his childhood, fears of ghost?, fears of robbers, fears of heaven, fears of hell, and one particularly significant dread— a fear of having committed what he called "the unpardonable sin." He wrote doggrel, too, indeed sometimes even now you might see his verses i n the poet's corner of a country newspaper. Not that that was bad in itself ; but in his father the passion for versifying was uncontrollable. Indeed it was a very piouounsed phase of his dimentia ; so that, to say the least, it's a most questionable heirloom." The clergyman listened attentively. " Is he a religious man, or at least a man inclined to respectable morality ?" he asked at length, Edward Bhook his head gravely. "Ah! that involves still further grounds for apprehension," he answered at length with a sigh. ■'For a while he was little better than a monomaniac, and he told me himself that in the end he gave up his religion, even gave up attendiug a place of worship from a horror of being through a lack of mental ballast impelled to lengths of Irredeemable extravagance in matters of devotion." " Your frieud's case is a least an interesting one, and 1 fear a sad one," replied the clergy • man, bestowing what Edward considered an i unnecessarily searching gaze upon him. A third passenger found his way to the car and nothing more was said on the subject, though in the silence of that fair Australian night, as the train was standing with the signals against it and the stars shining ia through the open windows, you might have heard a low sob in the corner of the dingy railway carriage, and perhaps even caught a sentence or two as it escaped the lins of Edward Winters. "Oh 1 Ethel, my Ethel, God bless you darling," he murmered, "Little do you dream of the sorrow this day has in store for you. But it must be done, I can save you and I will." in. Ethel Hayburn walked up to the breakfast tablet-hat morning with the sweetest smile imaginable. "That's the sort of dish for which you . have a never failing appetite, ray dear," said her father as she reached out her delicate hand for a letter that had been thrown upon her plate as a pleasant surprise by one of her brothers. She had several brothers and two small sisters, for the Hayburns were a large, and in one sense, a "growing" family. .Ethel's mother was an invalid, and the care of the household had consequently devolved principally upon her good management. She was her father's right hand, and soft and gentle as was her nature, no partner eould have shared the responsibilities of his business withbetter judgment or more marked success. He did absolutely nothing without her advice, and whether it related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchase of arrowroot, she gave it, "for what it was worth," she always said, with as much feminine grace as though she had been passing an opinion upon the latest styles in opera cloaks. " Why don't Ethel Tead that letter, inquired her, youngest sister. " You spoke as if it was something to eat. father, and I always eat lollies as soon as I get them." " Even vrith your ham sandwiches at luncheon for instance, my darling," chimed in her sister. The father looked up, and smiling, knowinglg replied. "Oh, Ethel's a woman you see, and women have a habit of separating the Bweets of life from the savories. That's why some women take to the cloister, and others go into the churches to pray on week days. There is something too eaceed about a woman's highest joys to share them with the world." " And men, what about their joys ?" asked Ethel. " The majority of men are incapable ol joys quite so etherial," replied her father, buttering a mushroom that he was abont to swallow with a piece of steak. "Their pleasures are for the most part pleasures of the world—of the earth, earthy, ray dear." "Or like Cousin Dick's of the weed, weedy," she suggested naively. Charlie Uayburn, eight years old, with bib and tucker on, laughed heartily, and, by way of emphasizing the joke, began to puff away at a crust of bread that he had already nibbled in the shape of one of cousins Dick's favourite uieerchums. " Your cousin will be in town during the week, probably to-day," observed the father, when Ethel walked with her arm through his to the garden gate. " Now, like a dear good girl, do your best to make some reparation for the past. It is a crime to love a woman who is purer and nobler than oneself ? Yon know he loved yon." ■' As well as he could love anything but himself." " And for my part I think it was the only good thing he ever did in his life." " And you kaow, father, dear, that I would forgive him for everything* but that. Happiness would only have been possible under one condition, and that was when he had dragged my life down to the'level of his own." "You might have elevated Dick, my love." This was too much for any thing. The idea of elevating Dick! Fat, lazy. tobacco-scented Dick. -'You are really to humane, you old dear," said Ethel, with a parting kiss- "Most fathers would have kicked the fellow out of doors." When the servants had received their orders for the day, the young mistress might be seen strolling leisurely into the garden. She made straight for her old friend, the Morton bay fig tree. Its shade was pleasant that morning, for the sun was powerful and the sea breeze was late in springing up. Her grandfather had planted that tree threequarters of a century ago. Her father when a boy had ornamented its stem with all manner of devises—mottoes, hearts, initials and so forth, and her brothers had added to the reportoire. It was likewise historic, of the exact height at certain ages—but the ages always are forgotten—of three generations of Hayburns. And it seemed to Ethel as though before long it might become the standard measure of a fourth generation even. She drew the letter from her pocket, and having thrown the envelope on the ground composed herself to the task of reading it. They were always moments of intense pleasure—those moments spent over Edward's letters. By postponing the perusal of them until she had leisure to drink in the sweets of each line, she somehow added more than bank interest to their value. \- Searing them open at the end'was like drawing the cork "of aged wine she fancied. The epistle before her was tlie best she had ever had—each successive one' was always the best, but how unsatisfactory after all, how far short of the joys of actual conversation. She read half the letter through, then paused tp"count the days to Christmas, when he had 1 promised to he in town again. At last it ' was finished, and read again, and she was still sitting with it before her when the gate leading from a side lane opened and she . heard a low and faltering footstep on the ; gravel walk. It. was hot a familiar step. She never remembered hearing it before. . And to eater by the side gate too, the gate that only he had been in the habit of rising in the day tithe. It approached to a junction, that of two paths and there for a moment paused. She listened. It moved on, but instead of taking the road to the house door, it followed the pathbehind the shrubbery. Her heart beat quick. Ther/iwas something arrange, almost "suspicious inthat step. Whose could it bq* Sliie listened again. . It died away. It must have passed on to the newly planted flower beds. She -Bull go straight to the gardener. . As she risesi' a hand falls gently. Silt her shoulder and a voice—A strangely altered . voice gasps out "My. Ethel 1",, Another moment and she was quivering like a bird in Edward's arms.. He is ghastly pale, and ■tears are standing in his large brown eyes. She is tbe.first to speak coherently. "You are ill dear. That place' is killing you." "it's not the place my .'-darli ng. it's the thought of youiliat makes jnnpale." :.- V. ■ She only shook her head and gazed more wonderingly than cveriutohisface. . "Oh Ethel 1" at length'hie "burst .'oaf* 1 am not the man I thought I was I've no Tight to many you, and I won't." .' Why Edwanl, vrhat do yb'u mean ?" she . said with a start. ' ' ' " It would onl^'pain yon. to know my lore. Better forget all about me." ' 1 • "But I insist upon'knowing," she .contended. . _ "You can't alter it, deaf.--!It is.ria matter . . of family history. .It-has to do with my patentee."' • ." • ~V' But you .are English.. You Were the fitst of your family to come out to Sydney. " Why should ypu he ashamed of your -parent-... age2" .'v — • • ' . "It's not that-, Ethel—it's something iniinitely worse, I vrould rather drag. tny own life out in iron chains than bind you to my ■altered fortunes with the cord of;Ta poisoned lov«»/9 £ This was more than she could stand. She put lier hands up'cn- her face and wept bitterly—the first time she had Over cried in his presence without rocking hers'gjf in his arms. Ed ivkrd Bat' beside her motionless. ' Another gate opened—the front gate this time—a ad it was a fiat and heavy foot, that trod the gravel beneath it: The color came to E-iward's face, and Ethel, leaving her seat, walk©! behind the shrubs where the shade was denRe. ' Nor didshe appear again until Cousin Dick's portly form had twice traversed the lawn,land after subjecting itself ■ to serious contortions in the presence of Edward,- had disappeared for the rest of the day. The lowers, for they were lovers still, repaired to the house. Bitter tears were shed ia a half-darkened roout. Kisoes were wrung from a pale anil silent form stretched help-' lessly upon the couch. Then the great hall " door opened slowly, and Edward reeled to the garden gate. * * * * At Warrona people had begun to talk of the strange ways of the new bank manager. The clergy had deemed it their dnty to interview him. Some of the storekeepers had been considering the propriety of removing their accounts. Even the police had been Earned to keep an eye upon him. Edward is still going mad. Others might tell you 1 hat he is more knave than fool, but he knows better. Changes in the weather affect him more than ever. On dull days he only speaks in monosyllables, and wheu not actively engaged with customers,' sits mopiug before his desk. He walks by himself, and then only occasionally complains of nervous twitchimrs in his muscles. ,Certain localities he exel ides at together from his rambles. Open stretches of country and particular aspects of the township itself "jars on his nerves,'- he tells you. He has difficulty too in concentrating his thoughts upon the figures before liim. All signs of the approaching ends. He had ceased even to kick against the pricks now. "It's only a question of time," he said to himself one unusually cloudy day as he sat alone in liis bedroom after leaving the bank. '•Another year or two and 1 suppose I shall be not only be resigned to my fate—I've been that all along—but perfectly contented with it." A knock came to the door. He took no notice of it. There it was again, and this time the hanble was violently shaken. Still he sat, silently stroking the hair down over his forehead. Then the door was gently 1 opened, and an unexpected visitor sidled j with difficulty into the narrow apartment. i "Excuse me, Mr. Winters," said the intruder; "but I've got some news that may ' Le interesting." 1 Edward looked up. Once again in. his life < he was surprised. Lately he had been a-itonished at nothing—barely interested, in I fact, iu anything. " Dr. Martin !" he now 1 exclaimed, and took the old man by both r hands with a kind of savage glee. ^ Yes, it was Dr. Martin. The man who had mixed the potion and then disappeared mysteriously seemed to have come back agaiu just in time to give bis victim a decent I burial. _ C " I feared as much," he said anxiously, as l< he gazed into the. pale wan face. " That was w ^ bad night's work, but J didn't think you'd la takeiwhat I said seriously. So {few people outside the profession ever gave' hereditarydisease'a single thought; I left Warroha ia a hurry lest you should ask more questions, for I'd had a littie -whisky, and didn't know how -much I'd :told you. And if it hadn't been for attending a young lady who is away from home for change of air,' having been, neariykilled by the heartlessness of her lover, I should never have given yon the credit for thinking of anything bnt my unfortunate allusion to Lady Winters, which, 1 beg to say, is "entirely without foundation. This same young lady aroused my suspicious, and here' I am to. doctor yon now. Everything's . eome right at last. Both secrets are solved. ' Forgive me and I'll care you in a fortnight." " No thanks, no mSdicine doctor," said the patient with a waive of his hand. '-Its too late tor that now." "This one-dose and no more, I promise you no more," persisted the old man. And so. saying he took a medicine case from his huge brVast-pocket, and read out the following rathek queer'prescription, which be said had been placed in his hands by the young lady's father:— "Mosseafcon, May 16th, 1882. "To Thomas Hayburn, Est}. "Dear Uncle.—Ton told me to write what particulars of young Winter's family history 1-was able to'discover during my tour in England. I think at last we have bowled him out. How dare he pass 'himself off in Australia as the son of titled parents. I should be obliged if you will 'inform my cousin Ethel of the true facts of the case. Tliey are briefly these. His father, a drunken blacksmith, died when he was h few months old. His mother, unable to maintain afaniily, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in hand by Lady Winters, who: much to the annoyance of heir husband, determined (o adopt' him as ' her own son. . Both Sir Wilfrid and Lady Winters have been dead for some years now, and their estates being encumbered with debts, nothing remains for the Australian adventurer.' "Your nephew, "Richard Hayburn." , * £ ' • * •- "What an ass a fellow is to label himself a madman, Ethel,", said'Edward Winters to his bride one fine spring morning, -as they ' leaned over the side of the Flora oh their way to 2'asmania. \- *' You'll never, do it again, dear, will you?" she said looking up into his face. V No. in future I am going to wait untU other people tell me I'm mad my darling." ■ " And you'll believe it then ?" " I don't promise." "Why?" "Because that old bachelor with the 'possum rug over'liis knees says we look like a pair of lunatics—that all young couples do." 