DECEPTIVE SPRING. The season when to come and when to go, To sing or cease to sing we never know. -Pure. Gentle spring is once more with us. It recurs every year, and the unvarying pheno mona is explained by what we know of the sun's or earth's motion. This is the season which arouses the oenthusiasnm of mankind by the charms of the surrounding beauty and variety of effect. We behold budding andi. flowering trees, flowers, plants, saplings, and other brunches grow with force and luxuniance diffusing beauty, which delights the senses and charms the mind. Thomson pathetically. exclaims : " Come, gentle spring, ethereal mildnees rome, And from the bosom of eour dropping cloud Upon our plains descend." Milton, equally enraptured, calls it:- "The eeason'sprime for sweetest scents and airs." Nature involuntarily rouses the heart to a pitch of enthusiasm, and it is therefore not surpnsing . that poets and artists emulated in singing the boundless praises of beautiful spring. The German poets of all ages gave vent to their feelings by a panegyric An den trunderahoene,, Frihli.ng .Leixe :ielt durch meiet Gcdilth :l 1.iedlihres Geld'ute .iinge, kleiines Frihlinugllid, jEling hinans in's r'eitc!" The Fiench with similar emphasis oexclaim:- Tout renait d la vie Au. ralyons dil printenmps, Et dans n6tre dnte rarie Exhale un parfumn d'amonsr. Thus the fair spring has ever been extolled,. while, alas, it has lured countless thousands of victims to their unprepared graves. Spring in. its gaudy disguise is the most treacherous and deceptive of the seasons. Under every blade of boundiug grass is the germ of death. Beneath .the budding tree, alas, lurks the demon of sick. nose.r- , Malaial-poisos are -drawn ini with every breath, and the germs of disease that are absorbed in innumerable ways, all prove the dangerous nature of the season that separates winter and summer. It requires the most. powerful constitution to successfully repel the poisonous utmosphere. Thus thousands are every spring nipt in the bloom of beauty, wit, and youth, and carried to that bourne whencea no mortal returns ! This is the season where a restorative is absolutely necessary to fortify the system, and throw ofti the enemies of health. INo doubt you divine the restorative which in. needed. That remedy is Warner's safe cure, which, by its action on the vital organs,. banishes dull care and pain, removes the lan guid sensations, creates an appetite, purifies and enriches the blood, and restores health and happiness when the body is bowed with pain, and when life seems aburden too great to bear. It is used by rich and poor alike with infallible success. Says Mr. W. Howard Leonard, M.L.A., of Collins street, Melbourne, the popular member for Carlton, under very recent date:-" I have repeatedly taken Warner's safe cure when afflicted with such remarkable success, that the result fully justifies me in attesting to its hligh curative propertioe." Voluntary attestations from influential sources like the above could be quoted ad ityqnitrom, and should be the means in pointing out with emphasis the guido to health. It is time that the deceptive praises of artist and poet are exposed in all their sophistic fallacy, forprompt action alone will avert impending disaster, and avoid the subtle perils of "deceptive spring."-[ADvr.] A Russian legend relates that when St, Joseph returned from his flight into Egypt' be found his shoes in great want of repair, and being aware of the excellence of leather work in Russia, sent them to Kieft to be mended, where they remained. It is now reported from Kieft that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposoe to re-solo the shoes and then "expose them to the veneration of the faithful." Reuter's agent at Berlin reports: "The ghost scare which lately arose in a number of choiols in this city, and has since spread to the suburbs, has assumed the character of a nervous disease. In one school a panic has been created by a young girl who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have been similar occurrences in several schools attended by children of the upper class. 