ToveiUtt. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; On., Lady Chlctlvynd's Spectre. B1y litsi HARRIIT LEWI'S. CHAPTER XXI. A ro3R IIC.VEt OF nErrtE. Iernice had no clearly delined plans on atinegthe hotel. She knew no one in L d0en. She knew nothing and suspected ,thiun of the wickednres that lurke on tr side in the great metropolis. She had z ,ncr, and in her simplicity she imagined cst bhe would easily find a home in that :":at wil:icrnel of houses. E": hew to find the desired home she ai t yet know. She joined the tide s.hop cirls, and walked on toward Regent fa::clsn the gray chill of the early morn E:e wa-lred on, hour after hour, bearing :trae'.!inl-bag. No one seemed to notice tr. Inw f.- people whom she met appeared h:ob.l ia their swn affairs, and bestowed -~rcelye a pa.-ing glance upon the veiled and r:- eor young 'aure that trudged no wearily "!Itistime that I found lodgings," thought iretice, with a horrible sense of her loneli Scre;epin eupon her. "I must procure :a. immediately. It would be terrible to ce th:eday wear on and the night come Si a2tme shelterless." D.;t the task was not sc casy as it Thre were ilacards in plenty in windows .a 'iiBn tilat the houses b which they per ::.ti were to b- let. And there were little :;i w ills and pieces of white paper in a:!]e windJw', with the legend, " Apart =-:ts to Lt." but the houses were for the =. part dinay anl ce:cerless. of the cheaper :ck oe lolging-honrs, and Bernice recoiled !ha the frowsy hebda at the windows, the be kn0 pants of glass and the slipshcd maids ?c turne. from one street into another, ewingrmoretired and less fastidicus at nsern _sp. Atnaon. nearly cxhadCled, she went into Ss tr-.cook' shlp Snrl asked for a cup of :a 5:t1 a rola . These were supplied her an i she twae lcven a chair, but such demands : t.t'q.::art-tr of Kentish Town were ap ;l:trlut nat nt'eron:s, an.] Iereniee felt ti.;lf to be an lobject of considerable c ,it t tthe shO.epkpecr rond single at : o?1nrtesecr small bill at the counter, lati if lodgings were to be obtained ie thenei- hborbonod, adding that she was a -a=:cr ein Lnudon and could not give re enher re lodgings to be had in the a -btieroodl. Miss-plenty on 'em." replied t"-etopkeenr: " but references are gener .oaqumirel. Sane Iucging-house keepers t.i ice willing to take pay in advance in. .:al. A young girl like you ought not to . huntin: iogines by herself. There's a:reand pori:s lurking on every side for 'e-etiful ounag creature like you?,"and she p._i -ith compeassionate interest at the Ir- " a -e, hibh-bred face, lit up by dark,lsor. :'c es. 'l" 'hy you are a real lady, You surely ought to have friends \- -hbere." u"} frien, d are deal," said Bernice, her .'rine. "My father was a minister t:ee?.e :tilh ::irk. I am alone in the '.*rn., :dg'. iot r ali come here to earn n: ii;in. I want to get lodgincs while -'=nk ::uatein a gorverness." S-3 sa-pIct'er mt.dit:,ted. She was an Swoma u, with daughters of her own. Sthat Leernice a a stranger to Lon s-, thatl sc seemed like a pupil fresh a e.irent or place of equal seclusion, ' l tr mbled ct the pitfalls that lay be 1- ueccnt, so unsuspreting, and I ?iere in you, Miss," the woman said, !':y, aftir a laon, searching scrutiny of : lt Cy. halfshcded face. "sI'm not a ';y' aL° te a:,:: in, as people will tell you, . Ir hiire in rou. and I'll tell you ot are. 'a'g:o i"eg;na1ose chere you may get '° iu 's around the corner in Victoria S It' trpt by a very g.od customer of Sw= t ,ite a made a pretty penny. S:tt:e c"t., Mlis, but herlodgers are itytab:e. Cns l the lIoseo is that neat -i: vsi t :rt ot Ihe kitchen floor. The aL name is 3'rr. Sharp, which sharp is tir nature. If you pay in advance snd or I stlt yu, which my name is Gib inw evll do well by you-as l;ng r ney lrtsA. alnd you can't expect er to do for you nf longer, you know, i:. ce=a".nb_.and aul, obtained the address r". iarp and thlen, thanking the shop. ;: t ait in sacaeh of Mrs. Sh:arp's i:" 0 0l;e a lincent corner, Bernice :' . ? lf n V ictria ItRead, a dingy Siel rth rows of dull hlick houses e:crewere plenty of apart. ? o let, bet young Lady Chctwynd i' ,ntonua,ner forty-two, Bra. Sharp's SIt was a corner house of the , an.! pr seni a brighter and cleaner :.-neae thln its neighbors. The stone t r' Wr~ Very clean, the windows were t ilchs, an I the ira.s knocker was I 'ki'te Teeler Bern ice sodinded the C ,kr t-eece heavily. AIrtsant.ma.il ulmitter her into a very . hall, :nd cL-rn ice asked for Mrs. ? e The clail ehered L'ady Chetwynd . ;mall pDIlar, and hurried away to her I .ace ?. ae wanoldered about the room, Sirt Wi chsill, cold, barren and prim ane te ery essence of respectability per. varned it. A heavy step was beard in the narrow, oil-clothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered the presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, stat ing tile object of her call. Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed her statement, and then coldly said: "So Mrs. Gibbons sent you to me, and you hare no references? I pride myself Miss, upon the respectability of my house, and I shouldn't feel justified in taking in a young person without references." "But I am a stranger in London," said Bernice, with gentlcsweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh young voice. "I am very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father was a minisler of the kirk. lie has recently died. I' must earn my own living as a gorverness, and it will be of advantgae to me to give as my address a very respect. alle lodging-house. I will pay you in ad. vance." " p pefer gentlemen," said Mrs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. "They can get their meals, all but breakfast, out." "I am willing to get my own meals, madam." "If you can wait on yourself and cook year own meals-not in my kitcher, though -and can pay in advance, and have no company, and live quiet, and are not out evenings, why, then," said Mrs. Sharp, " I don't know but I'd consent to take y in;--u-u one-tling -iust- bi'understood: When your money is gone you most go away quietly, without a word. Is that a bar gain ?" "Yes," said Bernice, "I agree to all this." "Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee on. You can get meat roasted at the pastry- cook's. Will you look atyour room I" " If you please, madam. I-I should like to stay now,"said Bernice, bravely, although her cheeks flushed. "Indeed I" exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. " Where is your luggage I" . " All I have is in this bag,"answered Ber nice. "I am poor, madam-" "Hum? I should think so. My room is sixteen shillings a week in advance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see the room come up." .-lrrnice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and ushered her into the front room, which contained few, if any, comforts be younl the barest necessaries of existence. But bare as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven of refuge. "It is all in order," she observed. " Why may I not remain here now? Here is the first week's rent." She produced her pocket.book and took from its sovereign. Mrs. Sharp saw that more money remained in the ptulse,and con. sented to allow her lodger to remain. " I don't know where to get a spirit lamp," said Bernice, hesitatingly. "I-I never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands for me, madamI I am willing to pay for the favor." "I don't want any pay for allowing tle maid to go, but if you choose to pay her, that's yotrnaffair and hers. I will send her up to you," said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted grariousness, and the lodging-house keeper retired, soon sending up her house-maid. This young woman had an h:onest, trust worthy face, and Bernice liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wvants, and gave her a sovereign to expend for her in materials for housekeeping. The young woman departed, and was absent an hour, but finally returned with her arms full. She was followed by a small boy, who carried a basket full of stores. The house maid emptied ths basket and dismissed the boy. "I're got everything you mentioned, Miss," she observed, "and some things you did not speak of. There's the Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it; I bired it till evening. It's been hired out all the morning, and was just brought back. Here's faggots for the fire, acd chillit is,and I'll kindle a little blaze-you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals, to put into your closet yonder. And here is bread, and a cold roasted fuowl, and a tea kettle and a spirit lamp. And here's nine shillings left" Bernice bestowed aliberal gratuity upon the servant, who hastened to make up a bright fire, and to wheel up a big chair he. fore it, and to fill the tea-kettle and set it on tihe hob. Bernice took possession of the big chair, and read over the cjlumns of Wants in the Times. She had imagined that a sitnation as governess would be readily found, brut she saw no advertisement in the paler thatseemed intended for her. I'll advertise myself," she thought, sud. denly, the idea striking her. as she believed, like an insp;irnaor. " I will write out an honest advertisement, saying what I can do. Surely, among all the millions of English people, someone will want me:' Sie brooded over the idea while the house-maid made her tea and placed the few edibles on the bare table. When the girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold fowl, with actual relish, and then wrote with the small gold pencil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping paper that had en veloped the sugar, a notice that ran as fol lows: "WrANTED--By a young lady without references, an orphan and estranger in Lon don, a situation as governess. Understands English, French, and German, music, draw ing and dancing. Would accept a very small salary. Address Miss G., imesn office." itsceemd to Bernice that this advertise. ment could not fail to secure the situation she desired, and shie decided to put it in three of the morning papes. In the course of the afternoon she rcalled up the house maid, and uinfolded hIer prlans to her, and the ysrung woman undlertook to procure the insertion of the advertisemcnt in the news. papers. When thie lhousemoaid hIad retired, young Lsdy Chetwynid counted over thire contents of her purse with a sigh. The sum she had thought so large only thart morning was slipping through her fingers with unpleasant rapidily. ' must get something to do before it is all gone," sihe thought. "At any rate; I have found a safe and respectable shelter. I will roanomisat in my.food, and- mako my money go as far.es may be. There must be no morn fowls, no meat : and wiatever my privations and poverty, I am not depedndent upn anyone now buht imyself." lay after day passed, and no satisfactory response came to Bernice's advertisement. She rconsulterd hts. Sharp as to how she colnd become a gouerness. rYo- wvill never hie one, Miss-neverl I You are Ios young, too ignorant of the world,too beantiful. Your life is a sgystery. You don't tell who you are nor whence you came. It ain't in nature for a young girl like you, who have been tenderly nurtnred and educatetl! like a fine la-y, who asea lady to be wandering about so utterly friend cless;" and Mrs, Sharp looked severely upon her young ldger. "And no one will engage a youag lady to educate their children who hIas no one in the world to sl,rak a word for her, or to say thlat she is a respectable young worsan. People don't trust their dhildren to any and cvrrybodly without making in. l'sirics. I advise you not to wasto any more money in advnertising."' "Is lhecre anything I can do without being called upon for references?" "AreyTOl a Ekilful milliner? Can you00 make dresses? Have you any trade? Do you understand any kind of hand work? No? Then your chance is a slim one.' A gentecl, fine lady without a trade, a.nd without money, and without frirnids is a helplers obijec, indeed. I'm sure I dsn't know what is to.become of you. You ca'l I expect me to keep you no longer than your money lasts." " Certainly not." "I work hard for my money," pursued lMrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, " and I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too fine to work. That's what I won't." There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did not intend to lose money by her, but she did not resent Mrs. Sharp's manner. To the contrary, she spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voice, as she answered: "I want work, madam, and I am willing and anxious to work. Can I not learn a trade? Can I not learn to make bonnets or dresses?" "Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premiumo I don't see anything before you but to hbecome a maid-of-all work; and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herself? I advise you to write to your friends, and have them take you away. Your money'll soon be gone, and then will come'the alms-house-or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide what you can do." "I would like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance," said Bernice, her face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. "I would like to make sure of ashelter as long as possible." She said the.nueouaryenrouent, ond-Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing ma terials being upon the table. The landlidy withdrew,and Bernice was left to herself. And now began foryoung Lady Chetwynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured by many a high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of "hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. During the three weeks of her stay in the house, Bernice hiad not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew well the contents of the small parcels which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her young lodger was growing paler and thinnerday by day ; she noticed that the elastic young step be. gun to flag, that the girl's tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower; she saw that the dusky eyes grew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And knowing and seeing all this, Mrs. Sharp began to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and she grew anxious for the month to terminate, that she might send Bernice away. During all this time Bernice had seen no one whom sheknew. Gilbert Mouk had ob. tained no trace of her, although he had set Mrs. Crowl and Fack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remained. He had gone down to Chetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for her there, knowing that sooner or later she would return to the old home and the dear presence that held such fasci. nation for her. And thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before she must become again homeless and shelterless. She bad but a few shillings in her purse. And now came upon her the longing Gilbert Monk had anticipated-to look once more upon Lord Chetwynd's face. "I may not live long," she thought. "I must sec him. lie need not--he must nct see me. I have my ,irial dress still. I can pass for a ghost as before, it danger of dis. covery arises. Gilbert Monk has long since given over the search for me. and is no doubt in London reading law. I must see Rloy once more before she claims him. I am in no danger of discovery. I shall be very guarded. But I must learn when the mar riage is to take place. I am dying with my yearning for Roy--my husband." She could not withstand that sick longing of her soul. She persuaded herself that she would incur no risk of discovery. And on the very night before her rent was to expire Bernice packed her travelling bag afresh, and stole out of her lodgings late in the afternoon, unseen by any inmates of the house, and hiinag a cab, proceeded to the railway station, And soon after dark, closely veiled, she was seated in a second. class railway carriage on her way to East bourne. She alighted on reaching her des tination, secured a fly at the station, and pursued her journey to Chetwynd-by.Ses. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver waitfor her at the village inn, and in the dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the asure dusk, she pursued her way on foot to Chetwynd Park-her lost home. CHAPTERI XXII. h-EAtLrY DETErTED. At the very moment when the wronged young Lady Chetwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd Park and crept up to a lonely attic to don her ghostly robes, in which she believed she might steal to her husband's very side, and still pass for a spectre or an illusion-at that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together in the music-room. Miss Monk had been playing some bril liant fantasia upon the grand piano, and her jewelled fingers were still softly pressing the pearl keys, evoking disconnected sounds while her densely black, half open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing genae upon the fair face of the young marquis. Lord Chetwynd was walking slowly up and down the length of the room, his arms folded across hisbreast,a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted globes upon Sylvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking at Iher, noticed for the first time the pale terror anti anxiety in her face and eyes. \- What is tie matter, Sylvia 2" he asked, kindly. "You are looking ill." "There is nothing the matter more than usual, Roy," said Miss 1Monk, her fingers still dropping softly on the keys. "Iam not quite well of late, and you have been too absorbled in your memorial school and your tennants to notice the fact; that is all." -Lord Chetwynd looked startled and anxious. A deeper gravity settled about his delicate mouth under the shadow of his golden moustache, and upon his white brows. " Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia l" he asked,-in tones of self- reproach. "I have been absorbed in my school, I know. I have never concealed from you that Bernice dead is more to me than any woman living. But I love you also, Sylvia. I apprdciate your unselfish devotion to me, your gentle sweet ness, your earnest love. Believe mte, sor rowful and hopeless as I am, I am not in sensible to,nor ungrateful for, the great gift of your pure, warm heart. In time, per haps," and his voice grew broken, "In time I may learn to love you as you deserve to be loved. But liow, Sylvia, be patient with me, and let the mantle of your love and charity cover all my short-comings. She whirled around upon the music.stool. Lord Chetwynd felt for her a sudden pity. He moved toward her under the impulse of that sudden pity, and took her in his arms. And just then alight, soft step came noise leFsly along the flower bordered aisles of the great conservatory, and approached the door of the music-room whence the sound of voics?eessued. The new-comer was Bernice, in her silken burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of the young wife whose death he mourned so dispairingly,Lord Chetwynd bent in pitying affection above the false-hearted being who had wrought him so much of woe, and whom he had promised to marry. Hle took Sylvia's head in his bosom, and Ib: swarthy East Indian face, with its car na'ion cheets, lay on his breast, and the black eyes looked love at him. And just then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touch, and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but him and her love for him. PoorBernice stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, she thought, her place was filled. The car ressrs that had thrilled her lovingsoul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry burst from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, and turned and beheld her. For a moment he stood transfixe'l, Then, with a wild cry, he dropped Sylvia from his hold, as if she had been some inanimate thing, and bounded toward this seeming spectre. - Bernice flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white robe. the whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Bernice flew on down' the long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She Was light and fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. Ohetwynd now gained on her. HIis breath. ing: sounded hoarsely inb he ears. Her panic increased. She could notsee the way before her. She stumbled again- and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. She was away again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his hand, and the yellow film gave way and remained in his clutch, while she flew on and out at the open door. He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There wasa faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, hut in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering the garden entrance to the house. But there,'on the deep garden sea;, Bernice had crouched until he had passed on toward the cliffs, and then dbo hurried into the house and up the private stair to the attics. Her escape had not been made a moment too:soon. She had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps to the porch where the young marchioness had been hidden. " The door is ajar,".muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes. " She has gone into the house. She evidently in tends to hide. As she does not intend to reveal herself, I am so far safe," She closed the door, that Chetwynd might not be tempted to enter it on his return from his search about the grounds, and slowly re-entered the conservatory. "I shall pretend that I did not see her," she thought, lalting in the doorway and looking ont into the dim, fragrant night. " It is best to treat her appearance as Chet wynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gil bert must not know of her presence here, and I must warn Rlagee at once. My old ayah may finid means to remove her forever from my path this very night." Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to her own apart mentals. She found the East Indian woman crouching before her boudoir firs. She told her briefly what had occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence. "Leave it all to me, Missy," said the Hin don. "My lady shall not trouble you after to-night. I think she is gone up to the attics to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd Park:" The old woman spose citll dsubtle men. neae which her mistress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with the face of a smiling demon. she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away out of the room, and crept stealthily up to the attice. Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and set out on her return to the music-room. In the hall, just outside the door, she encountered her brother, who was in dresi ng gown andt slippers, and appeared justaroused from slumber. "What's the' row Sylvia 1" he asked. " What does all this ekurrying tp and down stairs mean ? What on earth has hap pened 1" " 'othing I nothing I" cried Miss Monk, wi?i. an eagerness that aroused his suspi cio:s that something was wrong. "I caine up to my room for a piece of music. Go back to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is waiting for me." She moved away as she spoke, and has. tened to descend the stairs. Monk caressed his beard while he looked thoughtfully after her. She said she had come up to her room for a piece of music, but her hands were empty. Mr. SIunk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and went back to his room,drew on his cent and boots, and also hurried down to tile music-room. His sister was in the room alone, and greeted his appearance with a black frown. " Do go back, Gilbert !" she exclaimed. " Roy and I are having a private interview. lie will not like this interruption. Go,or -you will regret it." "Hum I" said Mr. Monk, flinging himself into a chair. t" I shull regret it if I do go, no douLt. I know you; my amiable sister, and cheoose to remain here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot- Ha I what's that?" There was a sound of hurried footsteps in the conservatory, and Lord Chetswyndrushed into the music.room, pale, wild and disor deredl; Monk leaped to his feet in amaze meat. The marquis lookedl passt him with a wanderitig gaze. "Has she been back l" demtanded Chet wynd. "I have misused her." "Who I" cried Sylvia andti Gilbert Monk, in a breath, the former pale, the latter eager. i " Uhrnlice--my wife L Did she come back this' way?" repeated Chetwynd.. 'My Uod I Mave I lost lier agaii?? "Ah, has the: eplectr apipearod to.' you aigain, my lord ?c' q?iestioned lloik, .his face flaming. "?'Ha as the gmost been here?" "Yes. Bernice canto aid looked in upon us, as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She silghed, or moaned, and thie sound went to my soul I saw her face, and it -as pile anrid sorrowful, yet glorious in its beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also-" " No, nio-I saw nio ghost I" Chutwyndt turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. "Surely you saw her," Monk declared. iYou looked towrard her you did see her" "And I say I did not. I saw no spectre whatever. Do you' think, my lord, that wh are all victims of yohr peculiar craze ? "I tell you again I did not see the aparition, or illusion, or'whatever it might be called. I swear I did not see it." "Aid you looked toward yonder idoor, Sylvial" " I dil. I lookled stralight at yonder door way," aflirmed the swarthy beauty. IlIad ans tlhutg bee there, een a shadow, I must have seen it.: Btu: there was nothing there." "Sly lonl," saild flbnk, calming himself by a strong -t end and1spaking soothiuigly, "you deceive yourself. Sylvia did n.t see her and hlsd Lhers.bseen aowmati Sylvia must have seen her. YTodu li8ve xperienced a recurrence of s-ur sieagular opticl illus esaon" ··o:· 'i~r "I will not hear that word again, Monk," said his lordship, excitedly, his face flush ing. "'Illusion I' Why, she ran along the conservatory, and Iheard her light footfalls. She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. I was as near to her as I am to you. t I reached out my arm to grasp her-and I caught this I" " He unclosed his clenched haand and dis played a fragment of point lace, yellow and wrinkled and stained, with jagged' edges, just as he had torn it from Bernice's sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared onp palled. Here was evidence such as they had not counted on that the spectral visitor was a living woman. Both stood dumb, not know. ing what to say. Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat upon his hand. "The mystery deepens," he said, horsely. "But' that I myself saw my wife die, but that Imyself saw her buried, I should say that she lives and Ihas been here tonight. Look at this lace. It wason her burialrobe -the robe she wore on her first evening in this house. She had the gown made in London. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this lace. There were branching palms done in film, as one might say. And here is the palm nearly perfect. It my visitor were a ghost, would. she wear tangible lace? - And whoever she.is, how came she with this lance which I remember so well?" " Chctwynd, said Monk, slowly, "I think that you are the prey of some designinug woman who presumes on her resemblance to Bernice, Calm. yourself. Look at the matterdispassionately, if you can. Bernice is dead, so your visitor canot be elsc. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said, some designing woman." " Bat the face was pure and noble-" "That proves nothing. The face might even have been a mask. Let us resume your search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. You search the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. Shall it be so?" The marquis assented and thrualt the lace in his pocket, and wentout with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery hbad indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. lie hurried out toward the park, into whose dark recesses he plunged and dis. appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden entrance and stole into the house, and made his way up to the attics, as'Ragee hal done before him. " I'll find herup here," he thought. " She has come up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to.night. Once I get possession of heragaih, I'll hold her fast, so that s slshall not escape ime." Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic inn vain and rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thus spent, lie became con scioas that someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the outset. IHe gained upon the stealthy person in sidvance, and soon became aware of the fact that she had lbaltcd, and was hiding somewhere in the stillness and darkness. IHe moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in the darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, he was sure that he heard suppressed breath. ing in that inner room. .II have her now I" he said himself, exultantly. " She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. Now, my lady, I have you like a bird in a caae. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, save through this. Youi are caught at lastI" . . lie hastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon him, and a pair of long, supple hands stole about his neck, as seeking to strangle him. "Ha II have you now I" hissed a voice which lie recognised as that of the East In dian woman. " This time, girl, you die I" The long fingers twisted themselves like snakes aounld his neck, and the old woman clung to him like a horrible incubua. But suddenly her fingers came in contact with his beard. Tshe shock of a great surprise unnerved her fingers. The Thug-like hold on him relaxed; anti now ounk seized his assailant and flung her from him like some venomous reptile, hurling her to the floor, as he cried out : " You accursed hag! You here 1" "You hear, Mr. Gilbert?" said the old Hindoo, in a choked voice, gathering herself upo, and scowling at him through the dark ness. " Curse you I'' said Monke, angrily. "I ought to hill you, you infamous Thug I" The old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. " Get out of this I" said Monk, authorita tively. " If you make another move aga:est Lady Chetwynd I'll have you sent away from Chletwynd P'ark. You tried to murder her ladyship at the skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me ; do you understand ? I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months ago, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock death and the mock funeral for reasons of my own. I have had charge of my lady ever since. I am working out schemes of my own, but they will not in. terfere with those of Sylvia. My sister shall be Lady of Chetwynd. I am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now " The old woman snarled in dissatisfaction. She did not believe Monk's protestations. IHer determination that Bernice should die gatlherisd new strengthi. Biutshe realised, as did Monk, that they were wasting time in talking whilch should he devoted to pursuit. Thicrefor she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the least deceive heropponent : - " if you say is's all riht, MIr. Gilbert, I suppose it is, and I'll go downstairs." With this she abruptly darted past him into the: larger -attic and-glided into the co ridor beyond. - " She.has resumed her search,' muttered Monk. "'It's to hb n rae between us which shall find Bcinice first. Lest some devilish instinct should guide old Ragce, whom the fiends protect, I think l'll follow her. We are suire soon to find Bernice. And I will look in the upper garret to which Bernice sent me before." He hulrried out, but the Bindoo had dis appeared, . - . e soiglit for ier, but hie could nut.filnd her. He tramped from roomn to room, but sheeluded him. He visited the little garret in which Berniee had before hidden, but the youthful marchioneass was not there, and there Was no token of her riecent presence. Slie searched for hoars, until he was fatigued and wrathful, annd persuaded that he had been comjletely baflled. Then he went down sullenly to his own room. He had scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, when a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience to his ucommons Lord Chctwynd entered the room. SThe young marquis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. Iia blue eyes were burning. His golden haIir was tossed back from his bronzed brows in strange dishevel ment. Ite looked still excited, anxious and perplexed, yet determined'l to solve the mystery that encompassed him. : "I've beento your room twice, Gilbert," said his lordship, abruptly. " and you were not in, Have you just returned from your esearchl'-(To C r coeinrtiecd., 