CRICKET CHATTER. By Felix. A Sydney friend informs me that the intercolonial match, which commences to- day on the Association ground, Moore-park, has been more talked about than any intercolonial he remembers for years. He adds, "The fact is the severe defeat you gave us at Christmas has rather staggered the confident division who fancied the light blues were bound to win that match. That unexpected reverse hag set us all talking, and not a few strong expressions condemnatory of Jones's exclusion hare been used with regard to the selection committee. Everybody has a suggestion now that so-and- so ought to be chosen instead of so-and-so, and names have come in of country players who were never heard of before and will probably never be heard of again. There is no doubt indeed that you have taken the wind a good bit out of our sails, but we mean to square matters in the forty-fourth encounter." From the tenor of this communication I am inclined to infer that our friends across the border looked upon the match at Christinas as a "moral" for New South Wales. Well, it is not the first time a "moral" has failed to come off. I distinctly remember a match on the Melbourne ground in 1874, when New South Wales was supposed to have not the ghost of a chance. Beaten match after match, the Sydneyites came down to be annihilated once more, but, lo! and behold you, they were not annihilated. They turned the tide of defeat and smote us hip and thigh in that and several subsequent contests. Yes, Spofforth, Evans, and Charlie Bannerman knocked all the conceit out of us for many a long day, and made us fully realise the difference between great pretension and miserable performance. But, after all, these ups and downs and sudden surprises tend to good. If Sydney had beaten us easily at Christmas the present match would not have aroused the interest now attaching to it. We would not have heard, for instance, of these famous country cracks who have popped up for the first time. The selection committee would have had no startling suggestions made to them to pick Ned Robinson of Mud Gully and Bill Jones of the Lord-knows-where. Assuredly the redoubtable Turner would not have found a detractor insane enough to urge that he should be shunted in favour of some unknown lad, who took 7 wickets for nothing on a metal road wicket, or 5 for 4 on the rocks at Coogee. From this it will be perceived that persons do exist who want to have something like a team against Victoria today. "None of your Turners and Ferrises after that defeat at Christmas. Give us a team with bowlers in it, and batsmen able to play a decent game." But, joking apart, I believe too New South Weshmen [sic], on their own ground, are a better team than they are on the Melbourne ground. I am quite certain that Moses is a far better batsman on the Sydney turf. Its slowish pace suits him to a T, whereas in Melbourne the faster turf causes him to be continually late in making his stroke. He is, I think, a batsman who would require a deal of practice on our turf to get thoroughly used to its pace. Most of the Sydney batsmen shape better on their own ground for a reason similar to that which affects Moses, and hence I consider that in batting they will be 10 percent. ahead of their form in Melbourne. Our men, however, are or ought to be in rare buckle now, and I have every confidence in them. I hope fine weather will prevail throughout the contest, that the attendance will indicate, as it did in Melbourne, a pronounced revival of public interest, that first-class cricket will be displayed all round, that the old keen but friendly rivalry may be manifested, and, finally, that all concerned, both players and spectators, may have a pleasant time from start to finish, and that Victoria may issue from the combat crowned with another wreath of victory. Typical Australian summer weather prevailed on Saturday, when pennant matches were recontinued; but despite the brilliant sunshine and fast wickets, scoring was not high. At South Melbourne the local men, who resumed with 9 down for 305 against Carlton, closed their innings for 313. Though the Carltonians' felt that this total was somewhat beyond their strength, they none the less expected to make a respectable show, and therefore their surprise was unbounded when in quick time the whole of them were sent to the rightabout for 62, which contained only two doubles—namely, Richard, 18, and Lange, 16—put together by sound cricket in each case. Trott, whose Tasmanian tour seems to have materially benefited his bowling, appeared to signal advantage in this department of the game, scarcely any of his opponents shaping creditably in endeavouring to negotiate his deliveries. Keeping a fine length with his leg breaks and coming fast off the pitch, he completely nonplussed the batsmen, and came out with the excellent figures of 7 for 32 of 120 balls—a remarkably fine performance on first-class wicket. E. Barrett, with his fast ones, took 2 for 11. In the follow-on neither Trott nor Morris bowled, and the Carltonians when the stumps were drawn had lost 5 wickets for 74, of which P. Deeley made 30 in his attractive style. Kemp took 2 wickets for 18, Bowman 1 tor 7, and Biddolph I for 12. The Southern fieldsmen showed capital form, and, indeed, from the excellent all-round play of the red and white representatives, their victory by 251 runs is not far from being a true index of the relative merits of the two teams. The Southerners by this win close their fourth round of engagements for pennant premiership, and the consistently fine form they have exhibited from the initiatory contest reflects much credit upon them, and flushed as they are with the confidence and sense of strength begotten of repeated victories, we may be sure that they will make a desperate fight against all- comers, and the team that lowers their triumphant flag will be entitled to much praise, especially if the match be won on a fair field, where there is no unequal distribution of luck. In their second essay against Port Melbourne the Jolimonters shaped about twice as well as they did in the first essay. It will be remembered that Testro troubled them exceedingly with his curly grubbers, and that Drysdale admitted his inability to gain with any amount of practice skill sufficient to enable him to make a long stand against Testronian deliveries. Drysdale, at his second try, managed to stop until he had compiled 21 by excellent play, and then, sure enough, the grubber gave him his coup de grace. Harry played the best innings of the afternoon, every stroke he made being executed with ease, freedom, and decision. Everybody thought from the form he was exhibiting that Harry would tot up a big score, and in all probability he would have done so if anyone but Testro had been bowling. Free batsmen cannot stand grubbers, and though Harry for a time stopped there with commendable patience, be in the long run grew a shade impatient, and allowed a curly "sneaker" to get past and floor him. Harry was warmly greeted on retiring with 40 to his credit, and regret was expressed that the selection committee was not present to note his admirable display with the bat, and his equally admirable exhibition with the gloves later on. Young M'Allister, who for some time had been a bit out of luck with the willow, made manifest that his loss of form was merely temporary, for on this occasion he batted in true artistic fashion for a faultless 39. Worrall was all there in compiling 22, and Boyle, notwithstanding the inconvenience experienced from a jarred hand, totted up 14 rapidly and well. Laver, whose hand is not yet thoroughly healed, could not put the wood on with his accustomed energy, but none the less his 13 not out was the outcome of meritorious play. Of the Port bowlers Testro secured 4 for 42, R. M'Leod 2 for 50, and Taylor 1 for 21. The fielding of the Ports was sound all round, and T. M'Carthy was particularly good, and Kelly at the wickets showed such expertness as to entitle him to express mention. His stumping on the leg side in M'Givern's case was one of the best bits of wicketkeeping ever seen on the ground, and won the warmest laudation from the cognoscenti in the pavilion, some declaring it as almost worthy to be bracketed with Blackham's stumping of Bonnor off Hugh Trumble in the intercolonial at Christmas. In their second essay with the bat the Ports last four for 53, to which T. M'Carthy contributed 20 (not out) like a thorough cricketer. Taylor was at his best in composing 12, and R. M'Leod added another item to his not-out list with a gracefully made 10. I congratulate Letcher on the first-rate form he is now displaying with the ball. The Ports found themselves in trouble almost every ball be sent down, his length being first-class, and his rise from the pitch fast and somewhat abrupt. He sent down 95 balls for 31 runs and 4 wickets. Laver delivered 60 bails for 15 runs, and Worrall 36 bails for 5 runs. The East fielded capitally, Harry, as above pointed out, being first class behind the sticks. It should be stated that Lewis, owing to an injured hand, was unable to bat or keep wicket. The Essendon fellows have once more bitten the dust in encounters for the pennant, Fitzroy defeating them comfortably by exactly 100 runs. Essendon at their first attempt scored 129, and Fitzroy had lost 4 wickets for 86. This number, thanks to the sound play of Moyes, M'Kirdy, M'Guirk, and Coomber, was increased to 163. M'Kirdy for his 31 played a vigorous and determined game, and Moyes, in compiling 21, showed that he is a free and correct batsman. M'Guirk in his neat style totted up 11, and Coomber appeared to advantage in putting together 9 (not out). For Essendon, Bloomfield took 4 wickets for 28, M'Lennan 2 for 19, and Jones 2 for 18. To the Essendon total of 83 in their second innings, Greenwood contributed 35 by genuine cricket, and Brown by graceful and rapid play composed 32. All the remaining Essendonians made 11 between them. The Fitzroy bowlers who asserted them-elves in this second innings were Brideson 4 for 21, Hayes 3 for 36, and Boyd 2 for 8. This, I think, is Fitzroy's first win for the pennant. Somehow or other the gun fails to dry a St. Kilda pitch. Old Sol was in quite a fierce mood on Saturday, yet when the Melbourne men went down to resume their innings against the seasiders the wicket was found to be almost sodden, and decidedly against batsmen. On this account the Melbourne skipper resolved to declare his innings closed with only one out for 165, which, it will be recollected, was the M.C.C. record when play closed on the 4th January. St. Kilda seemed somewhat taken aback by the action of the M.C.C., and on a bowler's wicket soon found themselves in trouble in opposing the trundling of Trumble, Shee, Bruce, and Phillips, E. Keogh (29), Hatch (17), and Wilson (14) played up manfully, but not receiving any efficient aid, the end soon came with only 81 up. Trumble took 3 for 20, Bruce 2 for 26, Shee 1 for 17, and Phillips 3 for 10. The wicket had not improved when Melbourne went in with only 16 to get. The opening batsmen, it was thought, would speedily knock up the required number, but much to the surprise of themselves and supporters 5 wickets had fallen before the winning hit was made. Edwards, Walters, and Swift made nought between them. R. Smith, who got lots of work on from either side, bagged 3 wickets for 12, and L. Keogh took 2 for 4. For Yarra Bend against M.C.C. the veteran George Alexander put together 51 out of the Benders' total of 79. The second of Melbourne defeated the second of St. Kilda by an innings and 188. North Melbourne had no difficulty in vanquishing Williamstown, who carried their second innings record of 5 for 87 to 135 all out. The principal contributors were Williams 31, T. Hannah 25, Dyson 20, and Juckes 15. Johnson took 5 wickets for 49, and Carlton 2 for 21. With 46 to get Houston and Smith went in for North Melbourne, and by spirited cricket they speedily obtained 47 without a wicket down, Smith making 26 (not out), and Houston 19 (not out). Though the promoters of the Australian Eleven are rather disinclined to give information respecting the constitution of their team, I have managed to ascertain that at a recent meeting of those who are forming the team it was stated that Giffen will sign the usual agreement if he hears for certain that Turner and Ferris are going. Sir E. T. Smith will, it is said, get Giffen leave without the slightest difficulty, and as Turner and Ferris are very desirous of joining the team, and will in all probability get the necessary leave of absence, we may regard it as a certainty that the redoubtable South Australian crack will be on the deck when the steamer starts for t'ould country. Blackham, Trott, Murdoch, and Boyle have already signed the agreement, and Turner, Ferris, and Giffen will no doubt do so in a week or 10 days Alick Bannerman told me that he will go with a good team, and so we may almost look upon him as having already signed the agreement. So far then we may with confidence reckon upon Blackham, Bannerman, Murdoch, Giffen, Trott, Turner, and Ferris, who together form a first-class seven provided Murdoch be anything like the Murdoch of old. The next man who is a certainty is Lyons, whose splendid century innings against Victoria on a difficult wicket so captivated Blackham that he considers no team in Australia complete without the dashing wheatfielder. I am myself a firm believer in taking a hitter to England, and I can see no one as good as Lyons to replace the giant Bonnor. Having got the eight men abovementioned we have now the nucleus of a very powerful team. There is still wanted a second wicketkeeper, for Blackham, as we all know, cannot stand the heavy work without an assistant. Jarvis, though as good as ever with the gloves, has seemingly failed to sing himself into favour for this trip, and our attention is turned to Mackenzie, another South Australian, a first-rate man with the gloves and a good bat. Giffen fancies him very much, and if hard work, allied to untiring energy, will pull a man through successfully, then Mackenzie ought to do tolerably well. If Mackenzie goes—and the opinion of a majority undoubtedly points in his favour—then Harry and Lewis will be entirely out of it, notwithstanding that they are admittedly capable batsmen, in addition to being experts with the gloves. Lewis, indeed, in my opinion, on his present form is second only to Blackham in Australia, and as I have watched the Jolimonter time after time very closely this season, I am giving expression to my opinion from personal observation on several occasions. Counting Mackenzie as in the team, we have reached the magic number nine, and there are four more to be chosen. Well, I think J. Barrett must be counted as number 10, for has not Harry Trott assured him that in the judgment of the knowing ones he is sure to be chosen, because of his consistently fine batting and his noted defence on sticky wickets. I am inclined to vote in J. Barrett's favour too, for I have long entertained a high opinion of his batting, and especially of his consummate coolness under adverse circumstances. Ten up, and the marker's dry, suggests the name of Drysdale, who has won the good opinion of Blackham and others by his pluck and determination on sticky wickets. His good score against Melbourne on the worst of wickets has not been forgotten, nor has his 49 against Richmond on a wicket which was a bowler's every inch. Besides, he is a capital change bowler, a splendid field, and a worker who would not tire if the tour were to last five years instead of five months. Honestly, therefore, I must give a vote to Drysdale, and congratulate him on having a majority of the leading lights of the team in strong support of his claims to inclusion. We want now only two more, and my informant halts at this stage, for the very good and sufficient reason that he does not know the names of the two. I could, I think, mention two names with a fair approach to definiteness, but I do not wish to keep the word of promise to any player's ear, and break it to his hope, so I refrain from stating anything definitely. The intercolonial in Sydney will serve as a test to some extent, but, as I said, I will not mention anything absolutely with regard to the happy pair who will be added to the eleven above referred to. H. Trumble, P. Charlton, E. Barrett, J. Harry, S. Jones, J. Worrall, R. M'Leod, T. Garrett, W. Richardson, W. Mackenzie (N.S.W.), F. Walters, and H. Donnan are all good men, and I trust that the two to be chosen will be the best that can be got. Palmer, it may be added, was mentioned as a very likely man, but he has shown such poor form with the bat and ball in the matches he has played since his return to Melbourne that the promoters of the team are strongly averse to taking him home. The Ormond thirteen made a poor show against Richmond at Richmond, the turf being a bit too fast for the juniors, who made but little headway against Over and Haddrick, the former being particularly troublesome. He secured 7 wickets for 40, and Haddrick 2 for 25. The only batsman who shaped with effect was Armstrong, who totted up 26 (not out) in his old artistic way. Richmond lost only 2 wickets for 94, Ingleton being very much about with a rattling 74 (not out), which included 14 4's. Matthews played a neat game for 17. I fancy Walters made a mistake in not going to Sydney when chosen. I don't blame him for feeling a hit hurt at being ignored when he was performing splendidly, but there is such a thing as patriotism, which, to my way of thinking, should rise higher in a man than mere personal feeling against a selection committee. Readers of this column know well enough that I have a high opinion of Walters's capabilities, and that I have not hesitated to express my emphatic condemnation of his exclusion; but when he was picked I think he should have gone for the sake of his colony, and by a fine performauce have made manifest to the public that the selection committee committed a decided error of judgment by leaving him out in the first instance. Another thing, too, is that if he went to Sydney and made a good show his chance of getting into the Australian team would have been first-rate. Ross, who was chosen vice Walters, could not go, and R. Smith was selected to fill the vacancy. H. F. Boyle has gone to Sydney in connection with the Australian Eleven tour, and also to see the intercolonial. The following have been chosen to represent New South Wales in the intercolonial:—A. Bannerman, Charlton, Donnan, Ferris, Turner, Moses, Garrett, Iredale, Deane, S. Jones, S. Gregory, W. Richardson, with Iredale emergency. Deane is a good wicket-keeper and fair bat, and S. Gregory is a son of the veteran curator and old intercolonial champion, Ned Gregory. On Tuesday there was quite a large muster of cricketers at Spencer-street to see our men off to Sydney. I saw H. M. Gooch there, looking his best and ruddiest in a white summer coat, H. Barlow, P. Knuckey, J. Keleher, R. Greig, G. Gordon, and many other association members who, with less important members of the cricketing community, gave our men hearty cheers as they were leaving the station. Mr. E. D. Heather received a letter from the New South Wales Association inviting the Victorians to a picnic down the harbour on the afternoon of their arrival, and Mr. Heather forthwith accepted this early instance of hospitality on the part of our Sydney friends. It appears that Blackham thought he and his men ought to have been consulted before the invitation was accepted, but the little coruscation of speech occasioned at the station in consequence of Mr. Heather's omission to consult the players has doubtless subsided long before this, leaving nought behind but delightful recollections of hock and sods imbibed during the picnic in some charming haunt by the water's edge. J. Harry played a brilliant game for 111 (not out) for East Melbourne against University on Wednesday. He gave not the semblance of a chance, and several splendid drives were credited to him. Did not the select committee act rather hastily and injudiciously in discarding him so quickly because he made two noughts against New South Wales? W. O'Hanlon's many friends in Melbourne will be glad to learn that he is now rapidly mending, after a severe attack of pleurisy, which at one time almost threatened a fatal termination. I am informed that a very promising junior, named J. Dean, from Hawthorn, has joined East Melbourne, and after this season will play regularly with the Jolimonters. It is reported to me that he is a good bowler, sound field, and good bat. On the 18th inst, at Peterborough, Curdie's Inlet, a cricket match was played between the visitors of Peterborough and the Port Campbell Cricket Club. The game resulted in a one-innings victory for the visitors, who made 101, W. Begg (40) and A. R. Clarke (22) being the chief scorers. Port Campbell in their first innings made 23, and in their second attempt scored 53, W. M'Kenzie making 20. The Peterborough visitors entertained the Port Campbell team at an excellent luncheon, provided by Mr. James Irvine. The Bohemians had a bad time against Southern Tasmania, whose representatives scored 149 and 365 for two wickets (innings declared closed) against 108 and 95. In the second innings of Southern Tasmania Kenny Burn played a fine innings for 186, and Ryan was a splendid second with 110. Gatehouse was not out with a first-rate 62. The first Tasmanian wicket in this second innings felt for 206. J. Moore, the popular East Melbourne player, will not be able to play for some time, owing to an injured leg. Almost every cricketer in Victoria seems to be injuring his leg, his hand, or his arm nowadays. Dawkins, of East Melbourne, will be able to play again next week. I congratulate him on his return to health and Melbourne. It is reported to me that a leading M.C.C. batsman may shortly cease to figure in the ranks of that club by reason of an unpleasant incident which occurred in a recent match against Camberwell. I could say more on the point, but I refrain, at the same time expressing a hope that a speedy reconciliation may be effected between the player in question and the M.C.C. committee. Playing for Brighton, F. Blackham, brother of the celebrated wicketkeeper, took 5 wickets of Malvern for 25 on Saturday on a good wicket at Malvern. He keeps a capital length, and gets nice work on from the off if the ground side him at all. Malvern scored 76, and Brighton made a wretched show, losing 7 wickets for 15. The Brighton fellows are about to lose the services of their best all-round man (H. Dunn), who, since joining the matrimonial list, has migrated Northcote, and will in future be known as a Bender. A New South Wales team left on the 23rd in the Arawata for a New Zealand tour. They will play at Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, and Dunedin, and, if successful in these encounters, will have a try at all New Zealand. The following are the players who have gone:—Davis, M'Glinchy, Robinson, Cowper, Newell, Shepherd, Callaway, Youill, Cattain, O'Brien, Clarke. S Gregory will go in time for the second match. In East Melbourne against University, in addition to Harry's score, already noted, F. Lear played a fine game for 46, and F. Laver was seen at his best for 43 not out. The East record was 211 for one wicket, and Harry's score included 17 4's. F. Burton, the well-known St. Kilda wicketkeeper, is is Sydney for a holiday, and will probably extend his trip to Queensland. 