Ocean Reminiscences. Lot mo recall a trifling incident of my ship-board life, an cxperiance small and brief, indeed, but vividly fresh nnd of cloarest and keenest outline) in memory. We were on the Mozambique parallels, well to the eastwards; the weutlicr hot, the sky cop perish, and the eea of n tallowifh blue, with n thick, slow flow of a swell aa of the water was heavy and Bluggish with oil; a weak breeze of wind blew on the port-quarters, with a sort of sting of best in it, like the bite of the tun iteelf ; and the ship under all Htudding-sailu on that side went rolling for ward in a kind ot loathing way, as though alive to the trucks with instinct '; and I Tory well remember the slopping noieo of the water as it full from her bow like flinging buoketfuls of liquid grease oynrtorud. It was about two o'clock in tbo afternoon, when tho thickness over the starboard bow died out along the horizon there, nnd showed the sea-line clear to tho edge of tho ocenn, with a twisting and glancing of yel low fires in it from the eun, as though lines of molten brass were slowly sinking iu it. It wnB then that a sail was made out Homo three points on the bow or theroabouts, ap parently a largo ship, Bhowing to her courses with her mizzen- topmast gone, and the spanker-guff naked, with somo colors flying at it. As wo slowly rose her she showed like a frigate upon tho water, with her band of broken ports and her big wiug of standing jib ; nail 1 heard the captain tell tho mate, after taking a long view of her through a telesoope, that he_ believed nhe was Euoii and such a ship, naming a well-known Indiaman of thoEe dr.ye. Sbu was in distress, it was now gathered ; for it seems that she carried a brace of nignal halliards at her gaff-end, on ono cf whioh waa hcihtcd the Eoglish ensign, jack down, while on. the other fluttered a row of bunting out of Marryatt'a Code, signifying that there was ccriona sick ness on board. I can see that ship now aa I saw her then ; her ennvr.s had the whiteness of froth touched by moonshine ; sho rose and fell very majestically, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned- to tho heavo of the waters. By tho aid of tho (jlsss, which I furtively employed on tbo mate turning his back, I could distinctly make out tho white quartei-boala swinging at her davits, the RlenmH off tho glass of her large windows, the hurried shadowing ol her sails, as they ownng in and out, and tho flaga hovering in reds and whites and blues from the peak end. Tho helm of our ship was shifted for her, and we got her right under our flying jibboom end. There waa not enough ynwn in the foot of the foresail to discloso her from the poop ; and it being now four o'clock and my turn to qnit the deck, I strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the sea line, that waa ren dered significant beyond expression by her appealing colors, and by the mutilation of her abaft. A group of our Jacks stood against one of the catheads, gazing too. I had not been looking above three minutes when one of them exclaimed in a hoarse voioB : ' What, the blazes ! Is thnt there muok n-drawing up around her, or is oho adia solving ?' 'Tbo 'Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't mates!' faid a second man, 'in sub dued voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. ' Watoh her a-fiying out 1 Smite me, if niortir-1 eyes ever see the like of that afore.' My gaze was upon tho ship as the men' spoke ; nnd, suro enough, I observed her to he slowly melting out, not as though ft fog wcro driving down upon her, bat as a -rain- bow dies, tho tints shining nnd fading and perishing. In n few moment!! all was blank sea wliEro ehehad been. Tbero waa an expression of dismay on every wan- ridden, whiskered face I glanced at. Tho captain, the mate, and a number of passengers were ruovmg and mopping like goblina over tbe brass mil at tbe break of the poop iu search of tho amazing phantasm. It vi&'a, of course, a mirage; but it took all handa, from tho skipper down to the cook's mate, somo time to realise it, bo marvelloim bad beer, tho illusion, so substantial to tho vision that rolling and stately fabric, bo ex quisitely had tho painted mirrowing of her fitted the line of the sea. With aomo fancy that tho real object could not bo far off, tbo captain continued to head in the direotion in wiiich the mirnge had shone until darknesa came when the ship waa brought to her courso afrsdb. A few days before wa sailed from CBlcmta wu got news of this phantom vceEel. She had been eome leagues below the horizon on which her likeness was painted, signalling for assistance to another ehip seven or eight miles distant from her. lied tho quality of thn atmosphej^ remained, .nn^it^ web, by.whioh^I_rne.sirTiari the mirage lin ?geiinrii wtnTe^longer, no doubt we should havo brought the simulacrum of the other veseol into view. Thus it will bo seen that ships ob well as men have their ghosts. This rtc.lls to'; mo anothor incident, bolongiiiR, however; to no expgrieoces of my own. It wno tho chief mate of this same ship from whoao de«k wo sighted tha mirage who told me the story. He waa third mate of a very handsome clipper barque, bound to a New Zealand port.', The captain of her was n tall, austere man, with a grizzly beard, and an cyo ot the dead blackness of unpolished jet. Instead of speaking of him as the ' old man,' his eailprs called him ' the monk.' He was exceedingly reserved, said little or nothing at tablo oSon deck outside such in structions as ho had to giro; yet, spite of bis monastic or collegiato looks, which might hnvo qualified him to 'adorn a pulpit rather than a mcrcbiintmnn'B quarter-deck, he was \- an excellent sailor, and1 a runn of considerable refinement of speech. l. Nothing particular o'ceumd until tha little barque was drawing onjto tho equator, when it was observed that tho captain grew rest leas.. Ho seemed uuab'le to sleep ; through out tho uis'iit- watchca. ho waa incessantly arriving on deck, and for a whole half-hour at a timo he would stand right in front ot the binnacle, obscuring i't to the sight of the m.an at tho wheel, and keeping his eye fixed npon the card with thn lifeless air of a person acting in his sleep. At noon one day tbo lati tude waa found to be about six miles north. There was a pleasant breeze blowing off tho port beam, nnd the clipper keel wiis made by the log to be sliding through it at some seven miles in tbo hour. Tho 1 1 captain, putting down his sextant, walked aft to the binnacle and etood beforo it, holding hia watch in Mb band. Thero was a light sta of fever in the gaze he rooted upon the dial plate. Sud denly he called to the occoik! mate, who hnd chargo : -, ? ' Hands to tho port braoe(i!. Get tho yaidB trimmed for a westerly course. Down be low.' \ - Tholittlo ehip came round with tho men rounding in upon the brncei) too astonished to sing out. The enptain walked tho deck chafing his hands and ohnokh'ng. ' Now, Bir, we have it,' he oried to the second mate. j 'Have what, Bir?' onkeththe astounded officer. [ . ' The equator, sir,' roared the captain. 'The equator?'. cried the mate, looking round him. 1 , ' Yes, sir, troe as a hair by' the magnetio bearings— a fore and a aft lino, sir. ' Keep, to that course, d'ye hear. Not an inch off to port or starboard, or quioker tiban you can Bay Jaok Robinson I'll blow your, brains out I' ? ..? ?'. -.... -i : . . The second mate, glanoing (through the skylight, observed tho chief officer in the cabin, nnd with a. Blight motion! of his head Bummoned him oridecki The rtaan arrived, with alaoe of wonder, gseing tloft and around, and not a little omBz'eflM-fiud th«. ship ' bound to,.the eastern AnRoan aoa bo wS ' fo»{ealfltJ{8H_28aIjffia,7^y. ' ? ' -^ ' This is to bo an achievement, sir,' shouted the captain to him, ' that'll rank mo foremost amongst tho moct famous men this century has produced.' The mats viewed him with a stupid look of interrogation. ' Sir,' cried the captain, approaching him with nn expression of coBtacy on hin singu lar countenance, ' tbo keel of this barque will bo the first that ever ploughed the line of the tqiKUor without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at least ; and mark you this,' ho cried, drawing himself erect, and extending his olenched fiat at the mate, ' if I catch the vessel's head off her ocurto by the smallest fraction of a point, 1 will blow out the brains of the man who has charge of the. deck at tho time.' He slipped hi» breast that tho two men might gueta what ho concealed there, and, picking up his sextant, stalked below, The unfortunate creature went entirely out of his mind that night, and thoy had to pinion him to prcvont him from destroying himself, or dealing death to tho Bhip by filing her. Ko died within tho week, raving mao\\- not a littlo to tbo relief of the mute?, who oould do nothing for him beyond eeeing him oarcfully watched. 