THE CORKSCREW GHOSTS. [By S. WALTEE NOBBIS.] Eugene Kay and Hal Hart quickened their steps almost to a rnn as they approached each other on one of the prim little atreets o! Lemon ville one morning, " I have a plan for our trip at last," Gene ciied. "So have I," Hal responded excitedly. "We'll take your boat and my pony--" " And hitch them together " " That's it. A regular canal-boat trip--" " And we'll take my gun " "And my camera " "And stay two weekB." Then arm in arm the two happiest boys in Alabama paced up and down maturing their plan, and in leBB than a week the boat, the pony, and our heroes were making their way up the Corkscrew River. On a certain evening the craft was made fast to the bank, beneath some overhanging branches, and alter tethering Max the pony close to the water's edge, Gene commenced preparations for Bupper, while Hal started off through the wocds with amilkpail in the direc tion of a village) the smoke of which could be seen rising from among the trees at about half a mile's distance. The village proved to b9 an unpretentious little collection ot houeeB clustered around a solitary conntry store, from the outskirts of which a few farms and old buildings seemed to have straggled off a bit into the woods and settled down in gloomy aditude, As Hal approached the outlying houaeB he wa3 particu larly impressed with the appearance of a deserted-looking buildings which seemed crouched, aa if hiding in the gloom of a number of great scraggy pine trees. In fact, the sight of the old house caused him to unconsciously quicken his steps aa be passed. Entering the little country Btore he could not but notice that he had interrupted a tete a>tete between the proprietor and a couple of rough looking individuals. The latter Bcowled at him with such evident earnestness that Hal felt an overwhelming desire to beat a retreat, and probably would have done so had not the owner Btepped forward and asked him what be wanted. While the milkpail waB being filled Hal turned to the etill scowling pair and pleasantly. enquired the name of the village, and whether they could tell if the strange deserted-looking building down the road waa occupied or not, and lor what purpoBe it waB used. "The village iB called Corkscrew," and answered one of the men Bharplyt .' Ab for the house, if yon know what's good for you, /on won't be seen near it after dark. Nobody lives there. It's haunted." Hal's interest waa aroused, but the speaker addedj" good evening" so suggestively that Hal conquered his cnrioaity, and after payiDgfortho milk returned to the boat. While eating supper in the little cabin of the craft Hal recounted to Gene his experience of the evening, "How would you like to investigate that haunted house ?" Gene suddenly asked. "When? Tomorrow!" 'f No; to night." . "In the dark?" " Certainly." There waB a moment of silence. Then Hal arose. " Shall start now he said quietly. The old house was on the very outskirts of the village, almost hidden in the clump of sur rounding pine trecB) and the boya approached very Blowly and 'cautiously, keeping well in the shadows of the trees, and stopping every few steps to look about them in a halfexpac tent and not altogether,fearless way; They had reached a point Borne 50 feet from the build ing when Hal suddenly seized Gene's arm, and Baid in a startled whisper " Look i Isn't that something ?'' There could be no doubt of it. A white figure glided from among the trees nearest the house and disappeared around the corner of the building. The boys moved nearer together and gazed with dilated eyes. ii Gene was the first to recover, " 01 course it was a man," he said in a not very steady voice, and he seemed to Bpeak for his own encourage* aent as much aa for Hal's. ''But they told me no one lived here." For several minuteB the boys remained in the shadow of a tree, prepared to beat a haaty retreat should anything occur, but there was no reappearance of the moving figure. "Dare we go a little nearer?" Hal asked faintly, Gene responded by advancing cautiously, Suddenly from out of the shadows of the old building a white figure slowly glided, ap parently moving a few feet above the ground. It came directly towards the boys, but aftsr reaching a point nearly half-way to the trees it wavered a moment, and then, gliding quickly around the coraer of the house, disappeared. Before either recovered from his stupefaotion there was a blinding flasb of light, a deafen ing report, a dash of something cold in their faceB, and the next moment they were flying through the woods as fast as the darkness and their legs would permit. Several seconds elapsed before the boya realised that the second cause for fear was neither more nor lees than a thunderstorm (the approach of which they had been too much in terested and excited to notice), and they continued what was very like a flight until safely sheltered from the rain in the boat's cabin, Thefollowing day the rain was still falling. The experience of the previous ening might have Beemed like some strange nightmare had it not been for th6ir still damp olothing. Daring breakfast they could talk of nothing but the queer old house, and their courage having re turned with the daylight each declared moat positively his disbelief in its ghoBbly qualities. "We can't continue our trip very well in the rain," Hal said, "If it clears this afternoon, let us go over and get a photograph of the old place," This the boys finally determined to do, and about three o'olock they again started in the direction of the village, taking with them the photographing kit, Even daylight did nog rob the old building of its gloomy aspect, The boys felt its mysterious influence at once, but a strange fascination had taken hold of them that they could not resist. After oarefully examining the front of the house they paBBed around to the rear, where they discovered a small door made faBt by a rusty padlock, which waB easily wrenched from its fastenings, and a moment later the boya were peering ouriouBly into the gloom of the one large room, In the centre of the apartmsnt stood a rough table and a couple of small stools. In one oorner a confusion of broken barrels and boxeB waB piled, but otherwise the house seemed to be entirely vacant, " Look here!" Gene said, with considerable emphasis. "We know the ghosts are here at night and we oan't find them in the daytime, so I am going to try to photograph them this evening by flashlight." Hal fell in with the pha at'once. After placing the camera on the pile of odds and ends in the corner, Gene focuesed it a* well as possible in order to take in the centre table, and then putting on the cap and slipping in the plate covered it with bits of wood and straw, until nothing but the lens could be Been, He then searched until he found a chink in the Bide 8f the building, through which he ran the flashlight fuse and deposited a little heap of flash powder opposite this opening. The preparations were then declared com pleted, and after removing the cap from the lens the boys closed the door, redrove the staple, and as it was growing dusk returned to the boat for supper. It was after 8 o'clook when the boya re turned to the clump of treeB that surrounded the building, There they held a little consul tation, and it was deoided that Hal should climb one of the pines that overlooked the rear door, and that Gene, after touching oS the fuse, Bbould scramble up and join him thera. Very carefully Hal mounted to his assigned position in the tree, and Gene, with a troubled mind, proceeded to approach the house, Hal, from his perch in the branches, saw him bend over the fuse, saw the little gleam made by the match in striking, Baw him suddenly turn and make for the tree, and the next in Btant he had reached down and helped him to a place beeide him oo the bough. How long it seemed to take the fuse to burn! It purely must have gone out, they thought, with a pang o! disappointment. They had almoBfc decided to drop to the ground, whan suddenly a thousand tiny gleams seemed to Bboot oat from the old building. The boya clung trembling to the branch. They heard a muffled cr&Bh; from within, followed by Bome quick exclamations, then the door was flang violently open and three dark figures oarrying some indistinguishable articles rushed out and vanished in the darkness. The boya were almost wild, In their excite ment they grew utterly reckless, Springing to the ground Gene plunged through the open doorway and groped his way to the camera. Seizing it and cioBingthe slide aathay ran they daBhed off at full speed through the wooda in the direction of the boat. On reaching the craft the little CJbin was immediately cloeed to exclude the moonlight, and after lighting the red lamp the boyB pro ceeded with feverish haste to develop the nega tive. They were still greatly excited, and Gene's hand trembled noticeably as he poured on the developing fluid. "There are only two things to fear," he said; " the ghosts may not have been near the table when the flash took place, or whatever light they bad in the room may ha^ e spoiled the plate before the flash," Eagerly the boya bent over the pan and gazfd at the film, Five-ten-fifteen seconds passed with no apparent change. A whole minute had flown, when Gene suddenly cried " See I it's beginning to come." A few dark Bpots were commencing to appear, Gradually they grew darker and more_ distinct, bringing into view three figures seemingly gathered aronnd a table; but to the boys' disappointment it was impossible to make ont what they looked like or what they were doing. It was evident that they would have to wait till morning, when a sun-print could be made, before the mystery would be cleared up. There was nothing to do but to try to take their disappointment philosophically and wait. The boys went to bed immediately, but it was a long time before they finally dropped off to sleep. At the first peep of day Gene was np and had a blue print exposed to the rays of the rising sun. It was nearly an hour later when the print was ready to be put into water, Finally it waB finished, The boya were on the tiptoe of expectancy. Quickly they carried it on deck and gazed at it long and earnestly. Suddenly Hal gave a shout, " They are the men I B»w at the grocery store," he cried excitedly. Gene did not answer for several moments, but continned to examine the photograph closely. At laBt he looked up. "I'm going to take this to Montgomery im mediately," he said, trying to spsak calmly,* " What for J" gaBped Hal, ('Because," Gene answered, with just the slightest quiver in his voice, ''I believe I can make out what these men are doing." Ten minutes later Gene was riding Max at a gallop toward 'the city of Montgomery, eight miles distant, and four hours Jater tee store keeper and hiB two companions were in thB CUB tody of the police on the charge of counterfeit ing The boys of course remained over to the trial, which took place two days later, and as a seyrch of the homes of the men had revealed their dies and tools, the counterfeiters were immediately convicted and sentenced. The court in finishing up the case made a little speeoh, In which the boys were highly complimented, and to their utter astonishment were officially informed that they were the winners of a reward of five hundred dollars, which had been offered for the counterfeiters' arrest and conviction. After the trial the boys decided not to con tinue the trip, but to remain in Montgomery for a day or two. During their stay they were lionised to their hearts' content, and before starting on their homeward journey the amount of the reward was paid over to them. One day after their return home Hal sug gested to Gene that they bad never discovered the identity of the ghost in whits which had beemed to glide along a few feet above the ground at the old place. Gene smiled for a moment, and then said shrewdly "I wonder if one of the ghosts didn't venture outdoors in his shirt sleeves 1" The fathers of both boys' denounced the whole affair aB a reokleBS piece of foolhaidineeB, but it W&b; noticed on a number of occasions that they seemed almost as proud of it alias the boys themselves, In the rooms o! both Gene and Hall hang strange little photographs of three men about a table at work with curious little tools, and when these piotureB are noticed and enquired about by inquisitive friends the boyB generally s»y, with pardonable pride. " Those are the Corkscrew GhostB." 