ONE SAILOR, I otsveb called a sailor a worse name I than ' you leather-head,'" said a venerable ] sea captain; " never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to be actu-l ally flogged; though I once triced a fellow | up ready for the lash, who gave in before he I was struck a blow. I never drew a weapon I upon a man. Once I was sitting in my cabin of the Lwy Thompson, when the mnte dashed in on me, pale as a ghost, for- I getting even to pull off his-cap, shouting 1 Kat a sailor lowed that there were Vot men enough on board ship to put him in irons. I stepped out on deck. 1 had my pistol in hank, but behind my back.-; The men were aU in a commotio^ about- the forecagtie hatch. I vu oonsciqus that I had nlwavs been kind and just to that crew, though they were the hardest- crew l^had had in many e voyage. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader:' "'Come.here,my man.' "It seemed an age while he was deljati whether to obey. My fingersstiffened on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is a Jioiior. But the mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his handsfor the iroKs. Bo, thanked, I tan say I never even drew a weapon on anyone of my many hundreds oTsailors. I don't believe it is necessary, fee a toe I man; be a friend to tliB sailor ; treat him as if he were a man and not a beast ;*^on't j ever let him catch you'in a mean act; 1 govern yourself as if you "believed the same I Uod was at sea as on land, and you will have no trouble." I The speaker .was the hero of a hundred j | )acket-ship voyages across the Atlantic. 1 ! Iffy younger .readers may not know that I the packet "ship was the predecessor of the I "ocean greyhound'" of our day. Between I [flverpool and New Tork The huge and I capacious packet, with vast sails spread to | the winds fqr motive power, "fanned over" I thousands of emigrants, who are now grand-] sires in America to this generation. In I those days a sailor was a man who knew j how to handle a sail. Now he is, for the I mOBt part, a marine machinist. Then were voyages of about thirty diups, in which I time the little world of the ship's company j of often 1,500 souls were shut up and shut | out from their fellow-creatures on the globe, a realm all to themselves. The ship's captain was the autocrat of this little cosmos. His skull was the dope of the State House, His word was absolute law. His right arm was fhe chief and only eEeentive, sheriff, and army. Those were daj^s when diameter in the captain had i -ii . .- t - <•„_ i most ample illustration of its power for goal or evil. I to?w of no other such station for the exhibifaon of the P.ower of dimeter, ecoept the mothers place jn the lonely family group Of the frontier. Tlie venerable skipper of flie L-ucy Thompson spoke volumes of wisdom when he u8ed the words 1 have quoted above - I wao recently standing at the gangway I J ™"™' „ , , . ^ tna I men ro i u & 1 i est ^F® . Jt e sailors, or deck-hands, as they are techni-1 cally called, except the phj-sical terror he inspired. He cursed God and the men. He | roared and thundered. He seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I I asked about him, and was told" of tlie shocking brutality that he had often exhibited, which had several times caused his arrest When I inquired why a reputable company kept such a man in their employ. I was told " that there was no other j force except brute force, which could get the work out of a gang of the land that nowadays follow the water." If the sea or the rivers and lalms were I the only places where this error prevails my I paper might, periiaps,better have bderiBentto the Seaman s Friend, that dear old paper, which may Heaven bless. The idea is quite common, however, in the minds ofa certain I type of overseere set to watch Wiringmen, that force of control is in * savage J manner and harsh tone; in a face that I never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. How many seem to think it really necessary to curse the bended back of the workman! A!1 this is f a slander on human nature. I appeal to I the thousands of miners' wives and daughters who may read these lines, if tJfie roughfeatured husband and father has ijot a ten- | der spot in his heart by which your love I leads him, and which the brutal overseer ] can never reach. I appeal to gangs of 1 "ants who, about the lumberman 6 camp-1 ,_ce these winter nights, may read what I I now write, if there is not an occasional I man who is king among them by bis kind- I ness more than by any appointment of the j corporation which put him in charge of them. Here and there yoa have met him, J and worked under him. He never called a man even a fool. He was too true to be I brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just ] j0 be suspected, too brave to asp you to liaae a danger from which he himself I shrunk. A man who could tell a good story | occasionally without the loss of dignity | when the laugh came in; whom you nave seen in tears at some poor fellow^ cottage, I when accident had made the children or- j >bans. This man's voice was pitched low, j >ut it was mightier than the roar of the 1 blasphemer. So man can govern others, I who does not govern himself. j There is many a kingly man who does j not need to strike a blow with the hand, because Hie blow he strikes is in the eye's I glance. A good man's surprise, (Contempt I or indignation shines in his feyes. j Of all men, there are pone who are so | V tit „„ >ni,k«;i»>r in officer as the men of the 6ea.. " I always a poet l^s quiA to we landsmen slowly reaeon. Heis a toamer^ Heis much alone, and busy withjroicwi in U thesouL He has hearing by piemoiy or by hope. He is, lie the philosophe^a er^t grown child. Ko;maaLdet^te goodlor evil in charaster quicker than Jgio sailor. Is it not so—you that read «us m the castle, far upon the ocean ? "I \rasdetermined to faU ^ ^ sailor to me. 1 had been brought on board at Liverpool when intoncated. did not know what I was doing when 1 ^ctia/I signed shipping cliirimntT papers. rtminrH. —* Myrage ~gr WAS almost insanity vflien tliefirst offi^stock j me. Were you ever struck? ^u read about it, but it is a queer, ciauy BMisanon when you are actually blushing midCT the blow. The insult is ^e ^bepreh^ P^t of it I was then sent to the whwliouseto makefastaloosenedwindow^ash.torliiaoi bad some experience as a glazier. Un my way over, I managed to secure iny revolver in the darkness. I lay in wait^ior U the first officer, but, Strang to eay.Ohe captain came 5n his pla^e. Leaning vpon tne i brass railing of the staire, he caught, sight of toe crouching in the dark. ^ ery tinaiy and calmly he said; My boy, come tnis wav.' I could not help P aw ; 'Why should you go to destruction«" iou make me think of my own uuj . ^ had one; he was about your sue whenfaod | took him and left flip 4one. »ow, let me be your friend, and you behave youreett on this ship." That man could have asked me to jump overboard lor him, and I would have done it!" ^That sailor is «aw <me of the mo6t trusted chief employees in a in his native Scotland, and the kind word j toved him to himself and hiimsnity. 1 