WILERIE DID THE " GHOST IDEA" COME FROM ? (LONDON PECTreRT.) Lady Welby has been very badly reported, so badly that it is difficult to decide from the condensed account of in The !imes whether she was on the side of the materialists or on that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report, that the tuestion she raised, before the British Associationof Leeds, was one of the first intellectual importance, and one which, though not new, hasnever, we believe, been quite adequately discussed. She asked whether those who believe that human thought, like man himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through entire cycles of time, recognise one great " break" in the process, or, if they do not recognise it, how they account for the intrusion of the "ghost idea." The governing notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of evolution, is that man slowlyaccumu lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, and; by meditation, arrived at last at abstract and non-material thought. He considered the effectof revenge, for example, and Its operation in tribel society, till he arrived at the idea of just revenge, or, as we call it, of justice; and finally, his horizon over widening, at the lofty conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequently, be more to tihe general advantage, or, in other words, might be nobler, and therefore to be adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplained-for instance, the original dicffiu:t y one par ticular animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary-but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, uxpluin a great many of the phenomena. lIuch of thought is certainlya resultof expe rience and observation, and imuch more may be ; and if we allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets very little-a concession, by the-way, wholly at variance with his known history-we may extend the result of teaching by exporience until it covers nearly the whole lield of humanaintelligence. It does not, how. over, cover quite the whole field. There is always oneprodigious" break," as Laly Welby cells it-namely, the intrusion of the " ghost idea," using that term either to indicate the whlole body of beliefs about the supernatural, or the special conceit that mrun will live again. How did that fancy creep into manr's mind, and at s lastsure its dosinonace there? Clearly lie cannot have derived it from experience. lie certainly did not live again himself, evesn in the tertiary period, and it does riot lie in the mouth of purely scienticle men to affllrin that lie had uanv evidence that any body else did. What evidence could lie Ihave ? Of course, if he actually saw or heard or smelt the shades of persons who had returned from another state of being, lie had evidence upon whichi to construct his theory ; but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibllity of anyv occurrence of the kind. Nobody in scientific belief ever saw a ghost, or heard ia ghost, or smelt ia ghost ; and lhow then did the ghost idea come in ? how, that is, did a belief opposeod to continuous lhuman expe rience generate itself in the human mind? Moset illusions are the consequence of a mis understanding of phenomena; but in this instance there are no phenomena to mis. understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy. No animal lives again, and no vegetable, except in its origimal form, and with its original quali ties. There was, ill fact, a sudden break ii the development of the human mind, a sudden stop back, as Lady Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of msnore fancies, of nonsense in fact-a step all the snore remarkable because it cannot have conduced towards survival. On the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental powers of those who made the step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to have givento the better and stronger mindswhich remained unaffected an immonse advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this world more endurable to them selves. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a mental Idisease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous pro groass, and are nsow more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is, or can be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that ? Itmay be said that primitive mant was subject, like the modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct. Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is part of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, assail you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But then, how did the ghost idea -get into the dreams? People dream odd things, but they do not dream absolutely new things-that is, things notonly outside their experinence, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of experience either per sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless he had pre viouslyconceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fautasti. callyv but not actually creating them out of nothing Otherwise mand would have self generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to pieces. And even if a mans did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another appearing after death a very wild supposition-why should that par. ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience, anid, indeed, opposed to general -5xpe. rience, be the one dream which numsterod the world? It would not explain anything" to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort; for if we know anything about savages-and we know very little-it is that the ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did lhe single out an un comfortable dream-born fantasy, to make of it an important motor in his career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utilsing slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur. rent facts ? The occurrence of dreams will not explain the "stop back," nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence the fear of whathad never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still less to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination as the existence of life after death. Grant Plopo's notion that the savage fears the thunder or the tempest till he recog nises in them some power above himself, and still there is no relation between that fear. which, moreover, ouRht to have weakened and not strengthened him, and the niotion of a future state which he hadl never seen or heard of. The lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The coiveros idea is better than that-namely, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire for a halpier lifoe; but that also expilains very little. Why did that particular wish become so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to become a faith ? No other wish did, not even the savage's greatest wish of all, for more easily procurable food. WVe do slot think much of the argument to which Lady Welby appears to at tach force, that no other animal has been victimised by the ghost-illusion, for we do not know in the least wlhat animals think; and so far as we canose, man is thile only animal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except in the moist limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining Cthe argument to man, what made him accept a wveakeniig illu sion, contradicted by every fact of which he or his fathers had ally cogiisance ? l1e believed inua thing which he had never seenor hoeard of, andt for which, through all the cycles during which he was accu httulaing fron elxperience the materials of thought, hlie had no evidence what ever. Why? To us, and we suppose to all Christians who haver thought upon tCe subject, there appear to be only two reasonable anslrers to that quues tion. One, which in practice is, of course, quite futile, is that primitive man actually had evidence that he had sets or heard at some time or other that whlichl inspired conviction in his mind. He became as sure of another life asof the actionof suntlight, and for thosame reaslon, because he had watched its smanifestationss. This, which was the universal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, e Iquite admit. a purely con jectusal hypothesis. Wo know little, except ly conjecture, of thie experience of primitive man, nothinig whatever of his mind, andl, aboveall, nothing whtatovur of his thoughts about things non-mtaterial. lie may have 1had a great many, as some existing savages have; or he may have had inone, as setus to b tlhe case-and possibly only seems--with some of tIe very lowest tribes. He may lhave been closer to the in visible world than we are, as the legends of all races affirm; or he may have been, as the moder anoimals are supposed to be, much further off. There can bono evidence on lthe subject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must always be useless to discuso it. The other answer is that. whatever the truth about the evolution of thought-and part of the theory is almost visibly true-some thoughts must be intuitional, must, that is, have been generated in man originally by some external power. Nothing is self-generated; and yet they do not spring from experience, which, in fact. so faras material experience is concerned, denies and refutes them. The first of those tloughts- it is not the only one-is that idea of the future ctate to which Lady WVelby refers as the great" break" in the evolution of mind, the conception which shouldhave burdened its recipients in the great race, and so extinguished them, but which, on the contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, made them run the faster. That thought certainly did not come from experience; and if it did not, what ,becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the existenco of the present mind of man? 