A Chinaman Who Wan ted to Die. As a Spirit IIo Could Como Back to Earth and Malto it Warm for His Enomieo-His Plcasurable Antilpatiouns. One day not long since a Chinaman was fatally wounded in a fight. It was evident that he had not long to live, and this, to moos people, ditressing intelligence wais gently broken to him by the attlnding nur. eonn at the hospital to which hte was taker. \Vua Wab Lung depressed by the an nouncement that his stay in this subltnary world was comparatively limited 1 Not in the least. On the contrary. lie wanted to die as soon as possible. In fact he dreaded the possibility of recovery. Ieo insisted that he was aotually losing time by tile delay of Iris funeral. "Losing time for what?" naked the ore. geon. " You don't expeot that there are any angels or ' washee' business in the next world." "No angel, no washes, no boy flow bltke, allee tims ghlost." said W?Vah Ioolng, and he ohuckled, an he seemed to enjoy in antici pation tbo time when he would be " alhe time ghlost." Wab Lung went on to further explain his reasons for wishling to tear himsinel away from his earthly sphere, lie said tlht an soon as he he was dead his a lrit cotll prowl around his enemies, in the cipneity of a ghost, and annoy them immensely. As long as he was laid up in a hospital he felt that his lacilities for making himserlf disagreearlb to his enemies were comparatively limited, and that was why he sighed for death, not that he might be an angel, but that he might be a spook, free to go where he pleased. Wall laughed as he told the gaoler hleiplans for the future. As soon as he got fairly started in businesse as a disembodired spirit hbe said he intended to go, at the dead hour of 11:15 o'clock p.m. or thereabouts, to the kitchen or his enemy, Iang Pan, and mnake such a racket as would cause Bang to coma out of bed In seanty garments and a terrilied condition. Then if Bang was not seared to death, or until his pigtail turned gray, lie would at least catch cold or rheumnatisml in his lower limbo, and this would bring light and happiness to the shade of ex-Wah LOung against whom liang Pan had testified on thle trial. Wale Lung also intimated that as soon as he emerged from Ili flenshly taber. naale he would spend some of his time haunting prominent citizens who had failed to pay their washt bills, 11e would wake them up at night and freeze the marrow in their boiees by writing a memoranda of their indebtedness with a arectral linger in phos. phoresoent eharaoters on the wall. Wiah Lung will doubtless have a great deal of fun out of being a wraith, lie can make liang Pan's stairs creak at night, and cause cold sweats to open the pores of his yellow skin when hoe appeare to him in the dark and menaoingly shakes an undershirt or the spirit of a flat-iron at Ijim. Now that I came to to think of it, ghonlts have great advantages over mortals. They can travel without money, and even without a pses. VWhen they want to go sonmewhere, they do not have to buy it ticket and get crowded into a amoking.car, and catch cold when the brakeman leaves Ithe door open, andl lie over four hose on a side traek waiting for a freight train to pass, and rulin their digestion Lating clia and drinking badl colTle at way stations. A hIhoet netver travels that way. W\Vien he wants to git anywhere lhe simply goes, and as soon as lie starts he il there. 'TIhen again, aghont nsver hai any hills to ipay, and le nver r ollers Iroin toothnche, and his ncepfndera iover break lnd ily arltnlltd his neck, and no tno ever leIrs hint it three. fpenny cigar, and he I never locokeld out at night, andl in fact in on point of vhiew ihe ehan ae flirt class .ti en of it; lbut still thle efrholt businean has its dinedvntaplgen. Hpiritl are sup posed to hover arolund nd protlre relatiiv'H and fretnds, at lrneat tcaltancian spirit are xpeled to tnd to alnr that bu- l teean; wi do not know how it la with Chhliierc spirits. HI, for eintance, ehonhti \ah ltungi noone mound with ithe intention of nearing thu Ilnumertale t utllltinl oU oif lt aldernlanr wiho owed liinig'o eaerthly retl allein Ill. fori eleanneing a paite of SUnor IroFtreuer, aend should he run afoul of hli guarldian pirlt of the polliaoinn, I nagineo thera worul bl a uprlteld nieic, and that tihe politlician'a guiardlan nprlt wtoult makl e It very dilan!ree. able for the Oell'nl l iiapo i. I don't ulli pp soln he could lhit hii t with aI t httle, hill 1he couli ee uI n pllf an n t nllllle ngie, al d whil a)yllllng i \e haytheni, puit aro yea dilo' around heire dinshlrlin'n Idaenlln man1i" hir e wouhl ' ho iaIking it exceedilugly unllollortablu for Wahl llung stsinn way oIr oIther. It Ininlt ih very IunpIloaanalt for I ghoeet at a hIellIa l to find that hIt tI i'C Iline whrll e. Ire to pilt chll kelt i salatd, cha fnipa[tie, iand other gHeed thingslI . I feetl, If I iI the mtien I iulhl show olarlly thalint tie Ifhnt busiensn in not till lhint it ,i euraked IIp to he, and in)l proved to bi a grtt dleanloiihtlnent to Wah LhungI, who has sieOti died I?n a Iost happy frams on mind. 