Bb'veltst. / THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; \- . . ou, . Lad j Clioiwynd's Npectro. By-MJts, Hauuikt Luwib. . / /cHAi'TEit XXf. ' . A POOB IIAVKN 0P nBPUUB. Bornico had no clearly defined plans on leaving tbo hoto!/ Sho knew no ono in London, She know nothing mid suspected nothing of tho wickedness" that lurks on every sido in tho great metropolis. Sho had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she would easily find a homo lu that great wilderness of houses. But bow. to find tho desired homo sho did not yet know, She joined tho tide of shop gills, and walked ou toward Regent Circus In tbc gray chill of the early morn ing.'/ Bhe wandered on, hour after hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom she met appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and bestowed scarcely a passing glance upon the veiled and . slender yoqng figuro that trudged so wearily onward. . v 44 It la time thatl found lodgings," thought Bornjcfl, with h horrible sense of her loneli- VSjjfcWping upon her, ; 4, I""raust proouro " thfv/ immediately. It would be terrible to . liavirtbe. day wear on and tho night eomo .'j and find me sbeltorlcsB,." - - ' \- -But : tho taBk was nob -so easy as it. eqemcd. ' ;/ s \- - Tbero .were placards in plenty in windows signifying that the hati'scs to which, they par- mined wore to'bo/Ibfc, . And thero were littlo yellow bills. aud nlecco of whltb papar in T othor windows, with the legend, ". Apart- menta to.Lot," but tho . bouses were for the most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging- houses, and Bernfeo recoiled , from the frowsy heads at tbo'.windbws, tho broken pftuesof glass, and tho'slipshcd raaids . / on tlic stops. ,/ - V ' fiho turned from, ono Btrccb iiito another, ( growing more tired and-. less fastidious at ; / evory step." / . , : At Qpon, ficArly exhausted, sbo werit into " i a pastry-cook, 'a shop nnd nskud for a cup of ' / .tea and; a roll./ >;Tii'cbo were, supplied her -/hnd.BbfiIwas.;givjen'A.6hair,but8ucli'dcmnhdB'. in tbfttquartcr- of ICentiair Town were Bp-: parently hot numerous; 'nnd Ueiiiico/fcit" hcrsolf . to 'ba an object of considerable; /Vcuribaity,tb the shopkeeper and single at-, 4 tendant. . - \ v.:,.. Oq. paying her small liiU/at'lho counter,; she inquired if lodgings wcro,to ho obtained < in the neighborhood, adding :tlmt sho was. a. « stranger in London and . could not give re , . fercnces,' M There orb lodgings io bo had in the. . ; « neighborhood, MIbs— plenty on 'era," replied . tho ebopkeoper ; 44 but references aro.gener- ally required. Some lodging-bouso keepers \ may bo willing to take pay in advance in- stead. A young girl like you ought not to be huuting: lodgings by herself, Tbeio's \- > dangers.and perils larking on every 6ldo:for a beautiful ydiihgcrcaturollkcyou/'andshc ./ looked with compassionate 4 uterest at the : .pure, pale, high-bred fnocjlitup by dark,lsor- > rowful eyes. . ' 44 Why, yoii are.a real lady, Miss; - You surely ought to have friends somewhere," . ; ; . .. ; . " MyfriondB nro dead," said lleriiicc, hor llns quiveting. " My fnther was a minister ot tho Scottish Kirk. I am hlonu in the world, mndnra, -ami am como bcru to cnrii \- niy own living. I want to get lodgings whilo > I seek a situation as gqverucss.". . . Tho shopkeeper meditated. Sho was an \- . elderly woman, with daughters of .her own. \- . Bho saw that Bornicc was astraugey to Lon- don ways, that she sceinedlike a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclusion, -and she tromblcd ot the pitfalls that lay be fore one so iiiuooent, so unsuspecting, aud' ; so guileless. . . 44 1 bcliova in you, Miss," the woman said, abruptly, after a long, searching scruiiny of iho lovely, half shaded fnce. 44 I'm not a person easily taken in, as pcoplo will telLyou, nufrl believe in you, and I'll tell you of a re spectable lodging-house 'wheia you may got a room. It's mound the corner in Victoria Road. It's kept, by a very good customer of ' nunc, a woman that's made a pretty penny, she'd a little queer, MIfr, but her lodgers nre all respectable, and the house In tlmt neat ' vou might cat oil the kitchen floor. The woman's name is Mrs Sharp, which sharp is also her nature. If you pay in qdvoncoand tell her I sent you, which my uaiuo is (lib- . ' lious, I know she'll do well by you— as long ...as your money lasls. And you cau't expect . strangers to do for you no longer, you know, Mies." Bcrntco osBcntcd.nnd obtained the address v of Mrs. Sharp, and then, thnukjng'thc shop- ' kcopcr, set out In search of Mrs. Sharp V . lodging-house. , Turning tho adjacent corner, Ilcrnicc foaod herself in .Vicloria iiind, a dingy street lined with rows of dull - brick houses J Here, as oisowhurn, were plenty of apart ments to let, but young Lady Chctivynd pri'SBftSgto number forty-two. Mr.. Sharp's It' was a corner honso of thu row, amOifrrEentcd a brighter and cleaner nppearanco than its neighbors. The stone steps wcro very clean, the. windows were : all' spotless, and thu bra«n knocker was polished liko gold. Ticrnlco sounded the , knocker twice or thrice heavily. \- A sorvaot-maid ndmittcd her into n very ' narrow hnll/and Ileriiicc asked .for Mrs. flhnip Tho maid ushered Lady Ohetwyud into a small 'pttlor, nnd buriied away to her \- piistrcsS. Bejnico's gazo wandered about the room, '/ rKi aspect was chill, cold, barren and prim ana the very essence of respectability per- vadod.it/ - . ;./; . . Aheavy step wiis heard iii the. narrow, oil-clothed hall, and Mrs, Bharp- entered the presetico of lier.visitor . ; / Beriiice arose andbowed courteously, stat ing the object of hor call. / ' Mrs. 8harp listened till llernlce completed , bcr statement, and then coldly said: "44Bo Mrs, GibhoCfl sent you to me, nj:d you havo no refercnccB? . I pride myself Miss, upon tlic respectability of my Jjoubc, and; I shouldn't feel justified in taking in a young person without references," "Hut I am a Btrahger in Loudon," said Bcrnice, with guiitleswectncesmid aslmdow of pleading in her fresh young voice, 44 1 am very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father wns a minister of the kirk. lie. has recently died. I must earn my own living as a gorcraces, and it will bo of advantage to: ine.to givo as my address a vcry' ruspect- vabl>j IcMlgiug.houac. I will- pay you iu ad- ancc.'! . - ; " prefer gentlemen, "..said ' Mrs Sharp,, showlog signs of relenting' . 44 T.hoy can get their peals, nll;but breakfast, out/' . ... "I am willing to get my own meals, madam,'1 . 4.'Tf you can : wait on yoarsolf and cook yenr ownmcftls— not in.my,kitcher,thongh nnd ciin pay /in advance/and have no company, and live, qnlct, and are not out cvenings/wby, then," said Airs, Sharp; 4,.I. don't know but I'd - consent 'to take you inr But one thing must 'bo understood: When your woncy is gone you mustgo awny quietly, without a word Is tbat a bar gain?" /'.Yes," said Borntcc, 44 1 agree to all this." ' . . " Tlion you can eomo tbls OTonini:. There isii grate in jour room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee on; You can get meat roasted nt the pastry-cook's Will you look at your tool i ?" 14 If you please, madam 1 1— I should like to stay now,"sfthl llernico, bravely, although her checks Hushed. 44 Indeed J" exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. 44 Whero Is your luggage ?" i 44 AUI have is in this hug/'nmwercd Ber- nice. 44 1 am poor, madam —" 44 Hum? I should think so. My roomie sixteen shillings a week In advanco, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now If yon want to seo the room eomo up." Bornice assented, nnd Mrs. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of stairs to tho fourth floor, and uahured bcr into tbo front room, which coutnincd few, if any, comforts he- youud the barest neccesmica of existence. But bare ns was the room, Bcrnicc looked upon it as a very haven of refuge "It is all in order," she observed. "Why may I not remain hero now? Hero is the first week's rent." Sho produced her pocket-book niul took from itu sovereign. Mrs. Sharp saw that more moncv remained, in the purse, nod con sented to allow her lodger to ronmin/ <4I don't know wbcro to get n spirit lamp," said Burnico, hosltatiogly. "I — I never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly stud a ocrvnut upon a few errands fur mo, madam I I am willing to pay for the favor," - ' I don't want any pay for allowing too nmid to go, but if you choose to pay her. that's your Affair and hors. I wlH'scr.d her up to you," said Mrs. Bharp, with nnwouted grjeiottsnoss, and the lodging-house keeper retired, soon sending up her houac-inaid.' This young woman had an lioucst, trust worthy fnccr and Bernlco liked her. Bho consulted with her in regard to her wauls, and gave bcr a sovereign to expend for her in materials for housekeeping. . Tho young woman departed, aud .was absont nn hour, but finally returned with her arms-full. Bhe was followed By a small boy; who carried a basket full of stores, Tho housemaid emptied tba basket and dismissed tbc. boy- "I've .got. every thiug you: mcutioued, Miss," she observed, 44 and some. tilings you did not speak of/ There's the Times as you' I hired it till ovoning. It's b?en bircd.ont;. all thu morning, and was just brought back/ Here's faggots for tbo fire/and chill it is, And I'll kindle a little blazo— you look so cold and tired. 1-ve ordcred in a busbul of coals, to put into your closet yonder. : And here is bread, and a cold roasted fowl, aud a ten-1 kettle and n. spirit, lamp. And: herd's riiuo shillings left." / ilcruico bestowed n liberal gratuity upon, tbc servant, who hastened to .make up d bright fire, and to wheel un a bfg chair bo- foro it/ and to fill '.tho tea-kcttlii. arid set it :oh the hob; ' Bernicu took possession 'of the; big choir, and read oyer tho columns, of Wants in iho Timcs. fiho had imagined' that u situation as governess would ho readily found, but eho siiw no advertisement in tho paper Ihatscemed. intended for ber. V " r'V? I'll ndvcrti.so mjaelf/'sheihougbt/pud.' denly.tbeidca striking hor, as sho btlievcd, dike" an. inspiration; > 44 1 will jrrUo put an honcsl.adycrUserocitt, saying wbat.I'cnn do. Surely, amoug all tho millions of /English people, someone. will want mo." : / She .brooded over the idea whilo .the house-maid mado ber.tea and placed tho few edibles on the . bare table. . Wben.tbo girl, was goho outlBornice drnnk her tea and ato ber bread and jam Dtid a portion of cold fowl, with actual rcllsbj and then wrote with tlio sDiall. gold pencil on Uer chain, upon, a piece" of wrapplug paper that liad en veloped. the auger, a notico that .ran as lul- lows r" ,4;WANTl3D.-r Bj . qt y.ouiig lady without references, an orphan Jarid astrangcr in Lon don, ri bUimtion as governoES. Understands English; hrunob. nnd. Gcrmnu. music, draw ing and dancing. -': Would accent a very small salary. .Address Miss G„ Junes office," ' - /:. . Itsocmcd to Bornice that this advertise ment conld not fail to secure thu situation Bhe desired, and. slip decided to put it; in1 three of the morning papprH. 'In thocourso. of the aflcrnooh she called up thu;. bouse- maid, aud unfolded bur- plans to her, and tbo young woman undertook to procure tho insertion of the ddvurtiBomcnt in the. news- paiicro. : , . When tbo housemaid, liad retired, young Lidy Cbotwynd counted over tlie contents of ber purse with a sigh/ ' The Biimshc bad thought so large only that morning /iyds stipping through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. ' - « 'V 14 1 must get something to dobcfoco itii" all gone," sho thought,, 44 At any : rnto, I hnvu found a nafu and respectable 'sbeltor, 1 will economise in ray food; and. mako niy mouey go as far as may be. There roust bp 'no more fowls, no meat ; and whatever my privations and pov- ily, I am iiot dependent upon anyone now hut myself/' . Day attor day passed; uml no satisfactory response came to Bornice's adverllscracnt. Sho cousulted Mis. Slnrp us to how flke could become u gouerutss. 44 You- will never be one, Mins— never! You arc too young, too ignorant of tho world, loo beautiful. Your life i6 a mystery. You don't tell who you are nor whence you came, It ain't In nature for a yuunggirl Jibe-yon, who- hnvo been tenderly nurtured and educated like a fine lady, who uivn lady to bo wandering about so ill torly friend less ;" aud Mrs, Sharp looked severely upon her young lodger. 44 And no one will engage h young lady to educate their children who lino no one in the world to openk a word fur her, or lo say that nhc is a rertpectablo young woman. I'eoplo don't trust thcir'childmi to any and everybody without making In- fjnlrmn. I advleo you not to wnsto any more nionuy in advertising." 41 In Uiero anything I can do without being called upon for references?" 44 Are you a skilful milliner? Can ynu mako dresses? Have you any trade? Do you understand any kind of band work? No? Then youy chance is a slim oii\ A genteel, fine lady without a trade, mul without money, and wi.tliout friends. !» a helpless object, indeed, ' I'm euro 1 don't know what is to become of you You can't expect rao to keep you no longer than your money lasts." ' " Certainly not." I work hard for- ray money," pursued Mrs; Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, 14 and I won t pay for a roof to shelter thorn as Is too flao to work. That's what I won't," There wns a light in ber cold bard eyes befuro which Bcrnicc shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did not intend to lose money by hor, but she did not resent Mrs. Sharp's tuantier. To the coutrary, she spoke Jn n subdued, sorrowful vofce, as sbo ntiswored : . .. . 44 I want work, madaui, and I am willing 'nndnnsiuus to work. Can I iiot learn a trade? Can I not learn . Lo mako bonnets ordresscs?" . ' ' 44AVIm js to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium 7 , 1 don't see any tbi ng boforo .you' but. to become a maid-of-all- .work j and what lady .would want n finer lady in her kitchen thnii herself? I advise you to write to your friutido, and have them take you away. Your moncy'II soon be gono, arid -then, will come tbo nlms-bousc— or a return to your friomlu, if you'vo got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide wlnit you can do". . 4,I wotflJ like. to pay for ray lodgings a month in advance," said Bcrnice, her . face very white, and a brooding anxiety In her dusky oyes. 44 1 would like to make sure of a slioUcr as long as possible." She paid tbo. necessary amount; and Mrs. Sharp wrote ber out a receipt, writing ma terials being upon tho table. The landlady withdrew, and Burnico wus left to. herself. And now began for young Lady Clictwynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured by-many a high-bred nnd educated youug woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of 44 hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. Daring the three weeks of hor stay in the bou&c;, Bcrnico had not made a single friend. Her fcllow-lodgera eeetocd scarcely aware of her cxislcuce. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Cornice's funds wcro running low. Mrs. .Sharp hucw well the contents of the small pnicelB which Bcrnicc now brought in for herself, fiho knew that her young lodger was growing 'jalcr and thinner day by day j she- noticed tuat the elastic young step be gan to flag, tlmt the girl's tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower ; she saw that thu dusky eyes grew larger nml brighter,, shining with a lustre ns bright as unnatural And knowingand eccingall this, Mrs. fibarp began to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and she grew anxious for the mouth to terminate, that sbo might send Bcrnico away. During all this timo Bcrnice bnd seen no one whuin she know. Gilbert Monk liad ob tained no trace of lier, although ho had set Mrs. Crow and Kack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that alio still rcmaitiel. lie had gono dowu to Chetwynd Bark, and was waiting and watching fur hor there, knowing that sooner or later sho would return to tua old home and tbo dear presenco that bold such fascl- nallon-for her, Aud thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Bernfeo before sho must become again homcltsjiiud shelterless. She had but a few shillings in bur purse. And now came uuouher the longing Gilbert Monk had anticipated- to look once moro upon Lord Chetwynd's face. " I may not live long," she thought. 44 1 must see him. He need not— he must net— see mo. I liavo my burial dress still, I cnu pass for a ghost as before, it danger, of dis covery arises. Gilbert Monk has longslnco given over the scaroh forme, and Is no doubt in London reading law. . I must Heo lioy onco indrb before she claims' him. I am in no danger of discover jv' . I shall bo very guarded. But IV/z/Mearn wlieti the mar riage is tp'tiilib plnco.: I iun ilying.with my yearning for Roy— my husband," /: / Sbe could not withstand that sick longing of .lieraqul. Sho'pQrsuaclcd herself that sbo would inuur ho ithkof/discovcry. Anil on the vc'ry.nlght before hor rent wns to expire Bornice ' packed bur travelling bag afresh; nnd stole out of.. her. lodgings late intho afternoon, unseen' by any inmates of the house, and hinog o.cab, proceeded to tiro railway statioii. And soon after dark, . closely, veiled,. Bbe was seated in a.Bccond. class railway carfiiigc on her way to East- bourne. Bbe alighted oh reaching iter des- .tinatioiij Sccurcii a fly at thu. station, and Eureued her joiirnoy-td Ghctwyijd-by.Sea. ere Blie<:dismf83ed . tlic vehicle, bidding tlio driver wnit foi/her ,nt ..tho village inn, and in tho diivk, cool' May night, Willi only a :fcw stars gleaming through the' asure dusk, she pursued' lier way on foot to Cbctwyhd l'rtrk— hcr.loet homo. > ciLvivrE.it; xxij.,/ / v , : . ' NBAIJl.y/1) tiTKOT K U.' ; vV ./At: the vor.vmomcut.wlieu.tbo' .wronged youug;Lmly Cltetw-ynd /slplb. liko'shitdow into heir. ltusbnud's- house at 'Cliufcwyhd Park and crept iup. to ii. lonely, nttlo 'to don her ghostly, robes,, in wKtch sbo believed sbo: might steal to her husbaud'a- very sido, and Blili pasB fora apeclreor on illusion— at that moment Lord Clictwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together in tho music-room. Miss Monk .had been, playing some bril liant fautasiq upon tbo grnud piano, and her jewelled lingers wcrastillsbftly pressing the pearl ' keys, evoking discotinccfcd sounds while bbr. densely black,- hiilf-opyn cycH. reBtcd iu a longing, absorbing gaZo-upon the fair face of thu young marquis. Lord Chctwyiid- was walking slowly up and down the. length of the room, bis arms folded across hisbrenst, a tboiightfui sbiulbw' on bis face. The mcllowlight tilturcd-down 'through- pJilo tinted- globes upon- r,Sylvla. -Monk's dark; East, Indian beauty, and Lord. Ohetwynd, looking at ber, noticed;; for"' the .fir. it' timo tho paid terror and niixlety.in ber faco and eyes. . , ; : - / . \v : « IYhat is tl;o matter, Sylvia?" ho. asked j kindly/ You dro looking ill," . / -There is nothing. thbvmuitcr/mbro than -uannlj ltoy,". said Miss Monk,'; her. fingers still Uropplog softly on the keys. m.I ata ' hot quite well . of Into, and you havo been too ab3orbled in &our; memorial school .and'.' yoiir'tenhnuts to notice tbo fact ; that/Is- 'nU/»''-: ' , Lord - Chetwyud looked startled and, -anxious - A' deeper gravity .settled ab'oufe lifs duHcqtef ihouth .under the shadow, of bis golden moustnebe, qud upon bis white broWa. ' 44 IIftvo I;8comod neglectful, Sylvia 7" bo , asked, iu toncsofsclf-repronch. 44I bavu beep absorbed in my school, 1 know. I have -never ooncenled from yoii that Bcrnice dmid 1b iuoro to me than nny woman living. But I love you also, Sylvia. I nppreclatu your tinselfish devntiou to me/ your getiUe'sweet- ness, your earnest love, : Believe nm, sor rowful and hopclcrs'ns I am, 2 am uot in- ficnslblo to, nor ungrateful fur, tho great gift of your pure, warm heart. . In tiimv per haps,1.' and his voice grow broken, 44 In time I may learn to love -you ns you deserve to ho loved. Bub now, Sylvia, bo patient with me, and let tho niantlo of your love and charity cover nit my ahorl-comingo, Sho whirled around upon tho music-stool Lord Ohetwyud fell for her a sudden pity, lie moved toward her under tho impulse of tlmt sudden pity, and took her in bis amis. - And just then a light, Boft step came noise- leesly along the flower, bordered aisles of the great conservatory, and approached the door of tho muslo room whence the sound of volcca .'fisued. Tho new-comer was Uurnlce, in hor silken burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of tho young wife w1m>30 death' ho mourned so dispniringly, Lend Ghetwyrid bent in pitying affection above the fnlse- heartcd being who had wrought blra go much of woe, nnd whom he had promised to marry ' Ho took Sylvia's head in his -bosom, and (b i swarthy East Indian faco, with its car nation cheeks, lay on his breast, qnd tho black, eyes looked love at him. And just then the eliding .doors Blipped noiselessly apart at a. touch, aud Bcrnice looked in upon tbcro. Neither saw ber. Obctwyml wns gazing down into tho black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but liira and her love for him. < Poor Bornice stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, she thought, her place was filled The car ressra that had thrilled her lovingsoul wcro lavished now upon Sylvia, fibc looked at tbe pair wildly, and a low, uuiolbered cry burst from hor white lips, Clictwynd heard tho faint sound, and' turned and behold bcr. For a moment iic stood transfixed. Then; witb a wild cry, be dropped Sylvia from his! bold, as if sho had ' bqen oome inanimate thing, nnd bounded, toward ibis seeming spectre. ' j, llernico Hew on before lflm liko a vision.. . Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white rone, the whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky, hair, and witb a shriek caiuo rushing into tlio conservatory. Bcrnico flew on down tlio long flowery aisle, her oyea fixed upon the distant open door. Sbo was light and fleet. She sped on before Chctwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. Chctwynd now gained on ber. His breath ing sounded hoarsely in her cars. Hur panic increased. Bhe could not bcc the way before her. Sbo stumbled agftin— and now Chctwynd reached out lils band to grasp lier. She was nwny again like a flush, but lie bnd caught tbo lncc frills of liersbust elbow sloevcs in bis hand, and tho yellow film gavo way and remained in bis clutcb, while Bbo flew on and out at tbo open door. Ho was at tho door tbe next instant, but the seeming spectre bad disappeared, There wns a faint starlight, and he could trace tho forms of tbo clumps ot trees and shrubbery dotting tho lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched tbo gardens nnd lawns, tho cliffs and tho beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into tho shadow ot tbc porch covering tho garden entrance to tbe bur.se. But there, on tho deep garden Best, Bcrnice had crouched until ho had passed on toward tbo cliffs, and then sbo hurried into tho bouse and up tho privatd stair to the nttlca. Her escape bnd not been made a moment too soon. Bhe had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk carao rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps , lo the porch whuru tbe young marckiouess had been hidden. 44 Tho door is ojar," muttered Bylvln, with a baleful gleam in bcr black eyes,. 44 Sho line gone Into tho bouse. She evidently In tends to hide. As she docs not intend to reveal herself, I am so far Bafo," fibo closed the door, that Glictwynd might not be tempted lo enter it on bis return from his search about the grounds, and alowly re-entered the conservatory. 41 1 shall pretend tlmt i did not sco her, sho thought, halting in the doorway and looking out Into thu dim, fragrant night. 41 It is best to treat her appearance ns Chet wynd's illusion She is in the house. Gil bert must not know of bcr presenoo liero, and I must warn llagce at mice. My old ayah may find menus to remove her forever from my path this very night/' ' Mies Monk returned to the music-room, and theneo proceeded to her own apart- men's. She fouud the East Indian woman crouching before lier boudoir fin. She told lier - briefly what" had occurred, and enjoined ber to an absolute caution and silence. . " Leavo it all, to. mo, Missy, "enld the Hin doo. ; 44 My lady shnll not trouble you after to-nlgbt, T think: sbo is gono up to the attics to change'lior gowij, I WiJl go and searoli! for hor. ' Go back to my lord with an diisy benrt,' Missy. After tonfgbt no ghost 'shall haunt Chctwynd Park." The old woman spoke with ft subtle men; nco which ber mistress fully understood,' Tbe Hindoo wont into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabiuot/. extracting Bcvcrftl articlia from the secret drawor wjth- im Then, with the face of a smiling domon. she concealed the articles in hor boram, aud etolo awny.out of tlio/ room; and crept stealthily unto the attics. .Miss Monlffpauscd to take a . sip of her soothing draught, arid set' out on bur. return to tho music-room.'' /.v , . . / : In the hall, just - outside ..tho door/ she encountered hur brottior,;whp was in dressing gown and slippers; and uppcarcd just aroused from slumber. ' . ' ' . ... " . " What's tho row .'Sylvia?", ho nskcdi; 44 AVliat does nil this skiirrying up and down' Btairs meari? ; ; Wbafc oh earth bhs hap-, peneiH4' / . .//- Nothing.!, uothing l cricd MissMoiiki wtv./.Mi engcrncss tlmt uVoimcd hie Buspi- clous that1 Bonu'.thjDwfta wrong, " I camu up to vmy room for p pleco of music. Go ;bnckyto bod,- Gilbert.; ,1 mast return to fclib' mnrquls, who is-waltibg for, mo." ( Sbu moved nivny.as. she spoke, and hna- toned to descend thu Btairs. Monk careBBcd. his beard' while he looked thoughtfully attur lier. '- She said she had come lip to her room for a piece of music, but her lurodo were criipty,. Mr, HFunk,. being very nstuto upon occasion, whiBtled softly arid/went back to- his room; drew im' ids. cent and boots, aud also hurried down to tho music-room; - ; Ills sister was in ; tlio / room alone, aud greeted bls appearance / with ft . black fiown. /.. . ' : 44 Do go - hack, Gilbprt lV sho cxolaimcd. /4 Roy and 1 nre having a privata interview; Uo.will uot like tbifl intcrriiption. Go, or you will regret it/' / n;;V/ v ; 4JHum l1 suld.- Mri, Monk, flinging biraseif .into ft chnir, .; 4,I:Hlmll/rcgrutfc if I do go, up doult. : I kiiow yqu/ ioy .amiablo sister, aud I'Chcose to rcmatu here until your lover comes. ..Soirio game Ib afoot— :Hn I what's that ?".,: '!.A-: ' ' ' - ' : There was a Bound of iuifricd- fqotsf eps In" tho 'coriservatoryj And Lord ChoLwyndru&hcd; into . tbo music- room, :palo, wild nnd disor dered; Monk leaped to-'bifl feet In amaze ment.. , Tho niarqiiiS looked paest him with' ft wandeiiiiggnzo. / 44'H»0 sho been back I" demanded Ohet- wynd, 44 1 hnvo missed her/'- v . - / V Who ?" cried Sylvia aud Gilbert Monk, In ;a breatli( tho former pnlu, tho Iattqr cager/',:" 44 Burniec—iiiy.wife ! Did eho comeback .this -way 7" repeated Cbetwynd. "My Uod 1 Have I lost her again ?14 . 44 Ah, has tho upl'clre nppcartd to you again, niy lord?'?, quuhtinmul Monk:. his face, flaming..: "Has tho ghost, bccu hcre?"r.. '" ; ; /' . / ?4 Yea. licfulco cumu and looked in upou ris, ns Sylvia' and I stooil-yonder. She sighed, or moaned; und the sound went to my soul. 1 saw her face, . nnd it was paflv nud sorrowful/yet. glqriupS' in lis banuty 'aud IovelineGS/ Sylvia>aw it ahm — " /. 4,.No, tip-r-lsaw no giioal 1" v . Ohttwytid 'turned upon Sylym a look of: amazement. / ' ' 44 Surely you baw her.1, Monlc declared. 44 You- looked toward uer— you did isce her—" 44 Arid I nay I did not. I saw no npcctire whatever. Do you thick, my lord, tlmt wo hro all victims of- your peculiar crazo? I tell yoii;agftln I did not sue the nparltlon, rir illusion, or whatever it uilght be called. I fiwrnr I did not sue if." , 44 And you looked toward yonder door, Sylvia?" " I dl'l. I looked straight at youder door way," afiifioed tho swarthy beauty; 44 Hud any thing been thero, even n shadow,' I moot have fteun It. Ilufc there was nothing tbeve." ... 44 My lord," said Monk, - calming hirascl! by a Btrong effort and speaking BOothingiyj " yoti deceive youi.BoU. Sylvia did nnt toe liei, nnd lmd there been a woman ;Sy1yin must h.nyo ficcn hcr, < You have eitpencnced a 'recurrence ot \0\ut Bingular optlcuI IJlu? > alon/' t , j t \ 44 1 will not hear that wonl again, Monk," said his lordship, excitedly, bis face flush- ' ing. 44 1 Illusion I' Why, sho ran along tho conservatory, and Ihcnul her light footfalls, 'i Bhe tripped upon a flowcr-put left In the ( path, i was as near to her as l am to you. i I reached out my arm to grasp her— and 1 ( caught this I" ' ' He unclosed his olenchcd Imndaoddls- i played a . fragment of point luco, yellow and , wrinkled aud Btuined, with jagged edges, just: as . ho :had torn it from Bernice's sleeve/ '. Gilbert Monk rind Sylvia stared ap paUcd. ; . > /,.: -'/ ' Hcrp was evidence such' as they lmd uot counted on that the' spectral visitor was a living woman, lloth stood. dumb, not know- lug whrifc tosay.: Ohutwynd laiil the scrap of lace flat upon his Imnd./ : - 44 The mystery, deepens," ho said, hoarsely. "But/ that I mysclf/fiaw my wife die, but that l myself saw her hurled, 1 should say that she lives and- has been hero' to-night. Look nt tbiB lace. It wason her burlalxobe — the robe sbo woro on her first evening in tbia house, Bho had . the gown made in London. I remember hor innocent delight at ; the pattern of this Inco. Thero wcro branching palms done in film, as ono might say. And ncrc Is the polm nearly perfect. If my visitor woro a ghost, would sho wear tangible laco 7 And whoever sho is, how came sho witb this lnco which 1 remember so well?" 44 Chctwynd, said Monk, slowly, 41 1 think that you aro the proy of somo designing woman who presumes on her resemblance to Bcrnice. Galoi yourself. Look at the matter dispassionately , if yoti can. Bcrnico is dead, so your visitor canoot bo she. If it is not a Bpcctrc, then it must be, as I said, somo designing woman." 44 But tho face was puro and noble—" 11 Thnt proves nothing. Tho face might oven have been a mask. Let us resume your search, but very quietly, so tlmt tho servants may not Buspcct what wo aro doing. You search the park, nnd I will search the cliffs and beach. Bhnll it be sp?" The marquis assented and thruBt the laco in his pocket, and wcutout with a perplexed and troubled face The mystery hod indeed deepened, and his mind was In a state of chaos. Ho hurried out toward tbo park,' into whusu dark rcceesci ho plumrcd and dis appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to bis sister. He, too, hurried out of tlio bonso, but he did not go to tho cllifs. To tho contrary, ho went to tbc garden iterance nud stole into thu house, aud mado his way up to tho attics, as Krtgeu had done before him. 44 I'll find her up hero," ho thought, 44 Sho lias eomo up to clmngo her gown I have been mighty near to ruin to-nlgbt. Once I get possession of her again, J'll hold her fast, so that she shall not cicapo roe." Gilbert Mnitk went from attic to attic In a vain and rambling search for Bcrnice, After a few minutes thus spent/ bo became con scious. that someone was moving in tho rooms in advance of ldui. lie leaped to tho conclusion' that Burnico was fleeing before hint, and lie hurried forward, intent upon hor capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his boots nt the outset. He gaiiiod upon, tho stealthy person in advance, nnd soon bccmno awnro of the fuct that she had hailed, and was biding somewhere in tbo stillness and _ darkness, Ho moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in the darkneSB Ho crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at tho cud of which wob an open doorway giv- ing Into a smaller darker room. Listening, hu was sure thnt he heard suppressed breath ing in that inner room, 44 1- liavo her now!" bo said himself, exultantly. 44 She shall not escape rao again. My gloim of velvet shall conceal a hand of lron. /Now,.my lady, I hayo you liko a bird In a; (iagc./ Thore Is ,no:ontlefc to yondor room I fancy, save through , this. You are Ho hastened in'lds stackhigodfeet toward tho low doorway, and passed into tho deeper dnrkncssof the innerroom. /./. . In thu samp Instflrit - a' figtiro just within the doorway sprang.jUpon.bim, aud a palr'of' long, supple bands stole about his neck, as Becking to straugle hint/ v: . ; , 44 Hal I havo you no.WiI".. hissed' a voice' which bo recognised ns that. of the. -East In dian woman. 44 This timo; girl, yoti die 1". \- The long fingers , twisted ; themselves like snakes around his rieW/nnd.'tlib/prd woman clung to him liko a horrible' incubus. But suddenly her llugcrs, cauio /iD gdnthet .with- ldo beard/. The abpek .of jri /great surprise tirinerv'ed.her fingers; "Tbo iThbg- like bold! on him-rclaxcd ; arid iiow'Moii|:.: Seized, his 'riotoilarit and fltnig . her:frpm!hfth like somo venomous feptilu/ liurling'ihcr to the floor, .ns'ho cried out '/ .y.' v1;'./' . -14 Y'ou ftccuraed hiig l/ Yon hero ?" : 4,4 Yuii /hear, Mr, Gilbert ?,4:snld. the old Hindoo, in q choked volpc, gathering herself up; arid scbiylingat'hlra throii'ghLtho dark ness.' / ' V:'.; ' ' ' 'S-':.'' ' ' / 4f. Ourso yoti T said. Monk; angrily. " I ought to kllLyou/you infamous Thug I" The old wooinn muttered an unintelligible rosponsc in hor own tongue/' V 1,4 Get'out of this i'1 said-Monk, authorita tively. :"lf you make another movo against Lady Chctwynd I'll bavo, you sent away from Chetwynd I'ark. , You tried to mnrder hur ladyship at tho. Bkatcrs4 chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting mo ; do you undcretrind ? I kuow you, root and brauch,/ I overheard that littlo interviow of yours witii Bylvia some sixteen montbB oco, and X 'kiiow all your schemes. I permitted the mock death nnd the mock funeral for reasons of' my own", I havo had chargo of my lady , over ainco. I am working out - 6ehsraes of my. own, but they, will not in- tcrfcro with thoso of Sylvia, My sister shall be Lady of Chetwynd, I rim only trying tos make ft littlo money, Aro you content now?" Tim old \yoman Euorlcd in dissatisfaction. She , did nofebelievo Monk's protestations, Her duterminapn that' Bcrnico should dio R.illicrod new strhgth, B'itBlio realised, as did Monk, that thejft wcro wtotlng time in talking wiflch 6bou1(Vtoc devotedtp pursuit. Thoiot'oro eho said/ wUh a hypocritical wblno, which dld not In'tra least ' iecelvo her opponent ; . . 44 If you say is's all right, Mr- Gilberi/ 1 suppose it is, and I'll go downstairb.,. \ With this she abruptly darted pn>0>im into tlio larger attic and glided into the corridor beyond, 4 Sho has resumed her search," muttered Monk. 11 It's to bu a race butween ua which shaii find Bernice first. Lest some devilish . Instinct should guide old Kngec, whom the flemia protect, I thiuk I'll follow her. Wo -are sure soon to find lieiuice. And I will look in the upper 'garret to which Bcrnicc sent me before." : Ho hurriedout, but thu Dindoo had dis appeared, V lie (sought for her, but ho could not find hor. lie tramped from room to room/ but she eluded him Ho vieited the little garret in which Bernice had heforu hidden, but the youthful marchioness was not there, and. there was no token of her recent presence, , llo searched for hours, until ho was fatigued aud wrathful, nnd persuaded that ho had been aqmplctcly balllud. Then he went down aulleply to his own room. Ho had ucarcciy, composed his features to even a ncmblnnee'raf their 'ordinary calm, when a knock wns heard upon ids door, nnd in obedioncc to his rumntons Lord Chctwynd entered the room. The young marquis still woro a pale, dis ordered countenance, Ilht.biuo eyes wcro burning. lira goldun' hair was tossed back from bis brofized brows (n Btrangc dishcvul- mcut. Ho looked still excited, -anxious arid t perplexed, yet determined to solvo tho i mystery tlmtencompasscd.blin. . vTvuloen to your room twlcp, Gilbert," snld his lordsliip, nhruptly, 44 arid you wcro . not In, JIavo Jou just returned from your search?" — To be contimictiJi . 