IVA'S QUEST. . onAPTF.n xirr. . ' Poets; have buiir, authors lmvo writ- ton' times without iittmbor, that 'a woman's lovo is nothing; liko to man's in . strongth aiul intensity, ''-that wnmnn'n nnflninns ' nninnnvh/T fn; ".lmfi'd nro 'liko moonlight unto, sunlight, liko water unto wine.' Of tho truth of this Btatomont I am ' liy no moiins convinced ; yot, . admit ting it, this fnot remains ni>art from tlio v.-.- love itself," the trials that surround it, tho outsido povploxitioB it brings in — its traok, nro ton times harder upon n ; i : girl than 'upon tho tendorost-koartdd man ovor crontod. ' Take, for oxnmplo, tho sufferings oaused by a pvolongod engagement; granted tho . 16vo on both sidos is equal; granted tho years do but in- . orease tlio . man's oonstnnoy and de votion;- lio cannot ofiduro tlio lioart- . siokhoss which falls tn his botrothod'b ;; , sharo. So-cnllod f rionds don't oaro to hint .to him tho timo. of wait- : ing is unseemly long ; kind relations . don't suggest to him his fiancee sis , growing lukownrm ; a plain-spokpn motlior won't toll liim lio ;is Btanding in' the' wny.-ofl lior ."younger children ;' thoso youngor ' ones won't . dare, to brontho in his oar he will be too old soon to bo lovod nt all. . .No. It sooms to 1110 in tlio goner- 1 s;: ality of lovo affairs the minor suffer ings, ob I. will torm thorn, nro borne by tho woman; tlio man goes,.; oom- pnrafivoly sponkitig, seot-freo; so it was. with Gorda and Ivn Duoio. Ivn loved our horoino truly, and woll. Ho .would lmvo . given years from his own lifo to secure hor lnip- piness ; and yot, tbbngli not ' by his fault, nftor tlioy parted nt ..Piorre-" point.Hall, " his -lot was folioity. oom- pnrod to liors. Within tlirdo days of loaving Gerda ho was nflorit, with '.his.- dutios, as a bravo sailor, to lcoop hiinfrom moping. Ho had frionds in ovory port, wliero the vessel put in. Ho know perfectly . that until , bo loft his profession in ' Juno ho should havo no timo for re- grots ; all was lifo and activity. Ho' did - not forgot Gerda ; ho thought of her of ton,, and .with the tondorost love, but ho had no time, to ' brood ovor 'thoir" troubles. Ho know that in loss than tlireo years they would bo together for all time. Ho could trust lior fully, and though lie ; ofton oast a.yoarning thought over tho interval of separation to tho glad futurp they wero to spend with each other; ho was not in tho least gloomy or desponding. But one night, ns tlio good ship wus iuB3iug.au mo Aiinntio on nor ro- turn voynge. Ivft Duoie, snug in his own ' cabin, had a strnngo and tbrill- ing dream. Ho thought ho was at Nethbrton Chase, and - that tlio; old liurso, whoso logpnds Gerda had so often ropoatod, riamo to moot him. Ho saw hor ns distinctly lis possible; sbo put 0110 band upon his nrm, and. spoko but throo words : . . . 'Pind my child.' 'Perplexed niid troubled ovon in bis dream, ho followed Nurso Brown iuto tho grand old liouso, up tlio. wido onken staironso to tlio room that had boon Gordft's. Ho hesitated ; at. the threshold, but lior 'liaud. soomod to "' beckon him ohwrirdf' arid lip bntorod, ' Tho room . was roriipty, porfdotly , ' Ompty; tho winter sunshine poured1 in through tlio window, and yet every thing around liad a strnngo desolato, t , look. The bod had not boon slept in ; there was no pretty disarray of laoe rind ribbons on tlio dressing-table; a bunoh of snowdrops stood in a little vase on tlio mantelpiece, Gorda's wntoli ' and ohain besido tbom, so sbo could not bo absont from homo, despito tlio ." dull, dosortod air of tho room. > Ho lookod at Nurso Brown,. His ' lips formed the question, 'Whoro is ' she ? Whnt has happened ? ' ; Tho old woman shook hor head, and ropoatod hor prayor : . ' Pind my child.' When Iva owoko tho drops of sweat " wore pouring off his forehead, though ..it.was a February night, and a good way from tho tropics. ' / He went on dook to talco his watoh, with a chill fear at his heart, and while he stood on the 'bridgo looking out to.soa tho words rung in his ears, ' " the bolls of tbp sbip ns tboy ohiiried tho; linlf-hours oehood tho Bamo prayor : 'Pind my child.' 'What's tho mnttor?' nskod tho Doctor, ns ho onmo fnoo to fnoo with Ivn, wiion tho boll rang out its sum mons for broakfast. 'You look as if you had soon a ghost.' ' Nonsonso.' ' But tho doctor wns a lcind-honrtod man. lio nolicod liow tlio "first officor " sont oourso aftor courso away hardly touohod, how absont and troubiod lio soomod. Ho could not havo hoard bad uows (travelling where lottors and telegrams cannot pursuo us, at loast, sparos that ovil) ; ho must bo ill. ' Mr. Duoio,' ho said, in nn undor- tono, wlion Iva roso to loavo tho saloon, 'I wish you'd step into my oabin. I want a word with, you.' ' AVIiat is it? ' askod Ivn. ',:I must bo quick.' Tho dootor olosod the door. 'It's 110 uso trifling with yoursolf , my doar follow. , I want you to toll 1110 your symptoms.' : ' Nonsonso.' , ' You rhust think, of others,' appeal ing to whnt lio guossod would be a first considoration with a gonorous mind liko Iya's. 'If you nro sicken ing from somo disordor, for thoir safoty you ought to bo isolated as far as prnotioablo at onoo.' Iva smiled, half sadly, ' Adnms,' ho said, wringing the other's hand, 'you nro on the wrong traok, ,!I am not ill.' ' You look it then. Your hand is burning, and your pulse /boating fiirimiftTv.' 'I havo liad a bad nigbtmnrol' ' AYhy didn't you say so before. Indigestion, I suppose; I can soon sot.tbat right.' ' I wish you could.' ' Man alivo. do you suppose I don't orirry a supply of drugs and such liko. What uso should I bo without thorn ? ' ' Drugs oan't help mo. Adams, don't you understand ? ' Horo his companion gnvo way, and his features betrayed tlio agony which masked his mind. ' X am ongagod to bo married, and' Inst night I droamod that ' ' Thnt sbo was doad,' put in tho surgeon, good-naturedly. ' Well, my doav friond, drenms always go by cpntrarios, and no doubt this one did. Pov doad read married, which no doubt " sho" will bo as soon as you nro on shoro.' ' I am suro sho is doad, or in trouble. / Tho dream was too vivid not to moari something.' 1 NonsonBO ! Now look boro, in four days' timo wd shall bb ;rit Plymouth and .lottors aud tolograms ready for us. Don't givo way till thou;: just fight off your, depression. .Why, man nlivo, you're too rauoh of a Christian to bolioyb in droams.' , tBut "/ '.It novor did any-good yot to ride out to moot ti'oublo . half-way. . Do- pond upon it, Ducio, thovo's nothing wrong. "Anyway, boforo you give up hppo wait till you got to Plymouth.' ; , In ' spito of liimsolf tho kindly sympathy, did Iva good. Ho throw off liis doprossion, and, though a litjlo gravor rind nio'ro thoughtful than was his wont, had siifiloiout solf-command to hido tho anxiety which consumed him. Tho day wore to a olose ; he was just turningin whon tho dootor passod. 'Don't lmvo nnothor nightmare.' . 'I trust not.' Dr. Adanis folt his pulso. It boat stoadily and rogularly ; ho soomod in his usual honlth. - ' Woll, you'ro not oxoitbd to-night as cool and collootod as possible, , I don|t think; you'll havo bad droams again, Mr. Duoio.' ' ' j i But Dr. Adnms wns luistakon. Aftor -throo hours of unbroken slumber tho' vision of the night, before returned in all its.. awful distinctness. Only it . soomod to Iva now tho old nurse's voice had a deeper ; pathos. Tho expression of hor faoo was more hopoloss than before. ' Pind my child, find ray child ! ' Poor Iva !< Wlieri/ ho woko and hurriodly; drossod. his tooth wore ohattoring, and ho could hardly walk. Ho turned straight . to his Mend's cabin. ' Dootor,' when ho had sucoooded in arousing liim, and gaining admit- tanoo, 'you must givo me a cordial or OUUiaiUlllg LU OUb 1UO (JUlUgt J. JlOtU like ono spollbound.' Mr. Adams started. ' Not nightmare again ? '" ' Yos, if it was nightmare I don't be lieve it. I tliink my darling, is dead, and thoso dreams are sont to break tlio news to me.' fl'd inuoh . rntlior road it in a letter,' said Mr. Adams, slowly. ' How you shiver ! ' ' Yos. I oan't get through my worlc unless you can do something to sot mo to rights, and I don't want to give in,- and have everyone trying to find out what's the matter.' ' I soo. . I supposo we shall bo at Plymouth by Tuesday at latost?' ' Ayo, and I spoko to' tho captain yostorday,. It seems a friend of his is ooming in my place, which is nt liberty now, niid so lio says if I'm in a groat hurry lio won't tako it nmis9 if I desert him now instead of waiting till Juno. It's only to keep me up till Tuosdny.' 'Andthon?' ' If it is as I think, and I havo lost her,' I shall go abroad — I don't oaro where. I must move along whoro no ono knows me ; but, Adams, I am try ing to hopo against hope.' . 1 1 oan't imngino a man of your good sonBO putting any faith in droams. I supposo you had lottors at tlio Capo? ' 'No.' / ' At Port Eliznboth, then ? ' ' I hnvo hoard nothing of hor since we parted in Ootobor. You see, doc tor, it was' not a rocognisod origago- mont. Hor fatlior ' You don't moan to say he turned up his noso at j'ou? Ho must havo been tv duko ut loast to warraut it,' ! Ho. was my kinsman, Lord Duoio of Nothorton.' ' AVoll, drink this, and try and pull yourself togother. It's lucky for you wo'ro pnssod Mndoria. AVhy, in throo days' timo you must know tho worst.' Iva drank tho oordial gratofully, for ho wns ns wonlc as a oliild. Mr. Adams watched him carofully on doek, tlion tho kind man l-omomborod ho had found nowspnpors of quito rocent date awaiting him at Mndoira, nnd bpgnn to wonder wbothor it was nny uso oxnmining thorn. Miss Duoio of Nothortou would suroly bo of suffi cient importnnoo for her doath (if it had takon plaoo) to bo inserted. 'Fobrunry tho twenty-first,' com mented tho doctor. 'AVhy its only 'tho twenty-oighth now. I may as woll look at any rate. I never thought to bo studying tho old maid's corner of tho Times ; but horo goes.' j A moment's study, and tlion ho started. Ho had of course been sonrobing for tho name of Ducio. To his bowildormont it nppoared twice. Noithor 'nnnouncomont seemed to refer in nny way to Iva's fiancee, yet there wns no tolling what influence they, .might have ovor hor fnto. " Ori tho fourth of Pobruary, at Netherton CJhaso, prematuroly, the wifo of Lord Duoio, of a son and hoir." This, of oourso, was among the births. The other merition of the namo of Ducio stood under quite a different . bonding, arid bore a far sadder significance. . " On tho ninotoonth instant, sud- ll nnlv. nt. Notlinrtnn ' Ghnnn. "Rni-trnm Baron Ducio, aged fifty ; dooply re gretted." ' I may ns woll toll him,' thought Mr. Adams; 'it may mnk9 things oasior for him. If tlio fathor was against tho matoh thnt barrior at loast is romovod. I'll wnit till I can got a quiot fivo minutes alono with him.' It did not coino till near ovoning. Then Ivn, with his white, haggard fnoo, camo to bog somo moro of tho cordial which alono enabled him to koop up sufficiently for his dutios. Adanis waitod till ho had drained tho glass, and tlion said, gravoly, — ' I don't think you need wait for news of your relations until you reach Plymouth. You wero not passionately attached to Lord Duoio, I imagine ? ' "' Miked him very well, but I only spent -four-and-twonty hours in his company. Until bo refused, tno Gorda I thought him a kindly, generous man.' ' Try and think of him so still, for ho will novor rofuso.you his daughter again.' ' , '.. . ' f Doctor, what do! you mean? ' ' Only that which you havo boon eating your hriart out lest your fiancee should havo boon taken from you. It is hor father who has gono over to tho "groat majority. Ho died juBt nino days ago, loaving a baby son of about a fortnight old.' ' A glaneo of roliof crossed Iva's face. ! 'And my lady, is only her step mother. .Sho couldn't, have/, any power over my' darling: Dootor, X must be a bruto ! I oan't fool 'sorry for Lord Duoio's, death ; I can only roalise all barriers aro broken down between me and Gerda.' , 'And you'll tako. a lesson, young main, and not pin your faith on droams in future.' " Iva wrung the outstretched hand. ' I shall novor forget your kindness, dootor.' '/ . . ' Tut ! that's nothing at all. Some day you will be taking Mrs. Duoio to soo tho colony whoro all your boy- ., hood was spent. Make a bargain; bring her out with us, and I will tell her the truth, that I never met a more devoted lover." I supposo tho happy event, will take placo soon now, in spite of 'hor bereavement ? ' ' ' I shrill claim hor at onco.' ; ' And if you need a bonovolont old gentleman to ropvosont her fathor at tho wedding, remember, provided I am on shoro, I shall bo delighted to givo away your brido.' ' A thousand thanks.' . But ho did not accept tho offer, and ho droppod no hint of whon tho wedding was to bo. . Hp said ho should take Gerda away at onco .to spond tho remainder of the wiuwjt iu « luuru gamai cumaco ; out, oddly enough, ho novor alludod to the ceremony which must tako placo bo foro ho had a logal right to bocomo hor travelling. companion. How lw longod to givo tlio wings of his own impatinnoo to tlio ongineB. How tedious tho brief roinainder of tho voyage _ soomod to him. Iva's spirits had rison strangely. IIo wns not nn inhuman man. Ho did not in tho loast gloat over Lord Duoio's death. Ho Biniply could not think of anything savo tho ono groat, all-start ling ,. fact — 1 all barriers woro now broken down between him and Gerda. Ho was frpo to olaim her boforo all the world as his own, his darling. CHATTER xrv. Iva wont from Plymouth to Lon don, rind put up at the hotel ho had made his hoad-quarters ever since he oamo to England. Tho waiter rocognisod him at onoo, and doclarod his ususl rooms were waiting for him. Iva meant to sloop thero ono night, and go on tho noxt iriorning to tho Oliase. Nothorton, as you remember, bonstod 110 lato train. Nothing oamo iuto tlio littlo rustic station from Lon don nftor tlio woll- romomborod ono by which Gorda oxpoctod hor fathor, whon ho so grievously disappointed hor., Iva was in the not of strolling to tho smoking room whon ho saw a fnmiliar figure a few paoes in front of him. Ho thought wondors would never cease.. Ho had had 0110 letter from Sir Jrimos Piorropoint, dated from a southorn oountry, whoro ho meant!' to wiutor, This was only oarly Maroh, cold, bleak, and troaoherous, yot horo was tho baronet as largo as lifo, evidently sojourning nt a AVost-end hotel. Tho recognition was mutual, but Iva was bswildorod to seo the ohango that tho sight of himself produced on Sir Jamos. Tho groatest sadness, tho deopost pity, woro stamped on tho kind old man's faeo as ho rushod to soize Iva's hand, and said, in his old friondly way, — 'My boy! my boy! this is a sad homo-coming for you. I little thought of it whon we parted at the Hall not six months ago.' ' It is a sad oalamity truly,' returned Ivn, novor doubting that his old friend referred to Lord Duoio's death. ' I wns dooply grievod for him when I read the announcement, but selfish ness triumphed. I could not forgot his doath left Gerda free. I am on my way to claim hor.' Sir Jamos grew vory white. ' Poor lad ! ' ho muttered, ' poor lad ! ' ' Hor father might part us, but oven tho law gives no authority to a stoprnothor. Henceforward no power can come betwoon me and Gorda.' Sir Jamos shuddered. ' Come into my room and have a chat,' ho proposed, quietly. 'My lady's gono to bed, and I'm all alono.' Iva assented. Ho was honestly at tached to Sir J amos ; besides, he wanted to hoar all that the baronot could tell him about Gerda. ' I thought you were in Devon shire ? ' , <T tvflfl. T nnmn linmo Ilia funoral. It wasn't likely I could stay away from that.' 'I suppose they buried hira at Nothorton ? ' 'Yes.' 'And Gerda is alono w.itb' her stop rnothor ? I shall confront Lady Duoio to-morrow.' ' It will do no good.' ' But I must soo her, just to tell hor henceforward Gorda's home is with mo.' Sir James groaned. 'My poor boy, you'ro making a strango mistake. Hasn't anyone told you — haven't you hoard a word of all that's happened at tho Ohase ? ' Iva shook his head. ' I only saw the announcement in the papers that Lord Duoio was' doad, and a few days' old baby' reigned in his stead!' " , " Sir James paced up and down the room — a troubled, anxious look upon -hisfaoo. 'And if you hadn't met me would you havo gono straight down- to the Ohaso ? ' ' Of course;' 'Then, thank Heaven, I came across you. I can at least toll you all I know.' 'But what has. happened ? Y Whore is...Gorda ? Your words seem to imply sho is not at tho Ohase.' ' Slio is not.' : ( Then wliero is sho ? ' . ' . 'My doar Duoio'— and Sir Jnmos laid ono hand kindly on tho young man'fl shoulder'— ' boar' it bravely. You n'ood rill your courage.' . .' Not dead ! ' came slowly from Iva's whito lips. 'Sir James, you oan't moan my darling has boon taken from me?' . . / . ' I don't know.' ; 'Don't know?' ' It roads liko a romance,' said poor Sir J amos. ' It is a mystery suob as I novor hoard of iri real. life. Oh ! if I had only never loft the Hall ! '. I shall never forgivo myself for going .away. If I had boon at Piorrepoint Gerda would havo felt she had at least '. one faithful friend.' Iva caught his hand. 'Tell me nil you know,' he im plored, ' the whole of it. Oan't you soo it tortures mo just to hoar broken piooos ? Forget whnt sho was to me, forget how I loved her, nnd toll your tnlo as though I wero a stranger.' ' I must toll it ray own way, Iva, and I fear I can't hurry. I am an old man, and this has-been a terrible shock to mo.' ' Go on.' ' Gorda is not at the Ohase, Lady Duoio denies all knowledge of hor ; none of the servants can throw a ray of light upon it — the fact is this— she nns disappeared.' Iva breathed more freely. ' Not doad,' he murmured to him self, iu a rolioved voioo, 1 not-dead ! I can boar all else.' . v ' I inay as woll tell my story from tlie beginning. Sturgis is a good fellow; Ho hates tho widowed Xindjr Ducio, nnd what I'm saying now comes straight from him. He's no proofs of anything — it's just his simple word I havo to go on.' 'I met him onoe. He struck me ns a true, honest-hearted man.' .'I always liked him. .His state ment is that Lord Ducio was helped to death. Not murdered remember, Ivn, only hastened on his last journey— by his wife.' 'Sir James!' 'He suffered from an internal com plaint, which made fresh air, change of scene and occupation, many inter ests, and much nourishing food essen tial to his life. About Novombor she assumed the rolo of invalid, -would hardly lot him leave hor side, kept him in rooms tho temperature of a conser vatory, and dosod him (wo havo only suspicion horo) with spirits and water or some drug perpetually — result, he was always dozing. Ho could hardly keep awake for an hour together, ho could not walk half-a-dozen yards. As to food, ho touohod nothing.' Iva groaned. 'I understand — in actual truth sho killed liim, but so cunningly tho offence could novor rank as murder. I daresay somo pooplo, blinded by hor beauty, would - declare lior vory mis takes aroso only from hor devoted lovo for hor husband.' 1 1 daresay.' (To It continued, J 