BEATRICE. CHAPTER XI. By H. RIDER HADDARD, AUTHOR OF “Cleo patra,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] BEATRICE MAKES AN APPOINTMENT. Lady Honoria leaned back in the cab and sighed a sigh of satisfaction. 'That is a capital idea,’ she said. ‘I was wonderiug what arrangements you could make for the next thiee weeks. It is lidicu- Inus to pay three guineas a week for rooms just for you aud Hffie. The old gentleman only wauts that for board and lodgiug to «ether, for I asked him.’ ° ‘I daresay it will do,’ said Geoffrey. * When are we to shift ?’ ‘ To- inorrow, in time for dinner, or rather supper; these barbarians eat supper, you know. I "o by the morning train, you see, so as to reach Garsington by tea time. I daresay you will find it rather dull, but you like beiug dull. The old clergyman id a low stamp of man, and a bore, and as for the eldest daughter, Elizabeth, she’s too awful— she remiuds me of a rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though I think her horrid too. You’ll have to console yourself with her, and I daresay you will suit each other.’ ‘ Why do you think her horrid, Houoria?’ ‘Oil, I don’t know; she’s clever aud odd, and I hate odd womeu. Why can’t they be like other people? Think of her being stroug enough to save your life like that too. She must have the muscle of an Amazou—it’s downright unwomanly. But there’s uo doubt about her beauty. She is as nearly perfect as any girl I ever saw, though too independent looking. If only one had a daughter lite-ihat, how one might marry her. I wouldn’t look at anything uuder tweuty thousand a yftar. She is too good for that lumbering Welsh squire she’s engaged to—the man who lives in the cast it* —though they say he is fairly rich.’ « Engaged,’ said Geoffrey. ‘How do you know that she is engaged ?’ < Oh, I don't know it at all, but I suppose she is. If she isn’t, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is not likely to throw such a chauce away. At any rate, lie’s head over ears in love with her. I saw that last night. He was hangiug about for hours iu the rain, outside the doors, with a face like a ghost, till he knew whether she was dead or alive, and he’s been there twice to en quire this morning. Mr Granger told me. But she’s too good for him from a business point of view. She might many anybody, if only she were put- in the way of it.’ Somehow, Geoffrey’s lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the receipt of this intelligence. Of course it was nothing to him; indeed lie was glad to hear that she was in the way of such a comfortable set tlement, but it is unfortunately a fact that one cannot be quite as much interested in a young and lovely lady T who i*> the potential property of a ‘ lumbering Welsh squire,’ as iu oue who belongs to herself.’ The old Adam still survives iu most men, however right thinking they may be, and this is one of its methods of self-asser tion. ‘ Well,’ he said, ‘ I’m glad to hear she is in such a good way; she deserves it. I think the Welsh squire iu luck; Miss Granger is a remarkable woman.’ ‘Too remarkable by half,’said Lady Ho noria drily. ‘ Here we are, aud there is Effie, skipping about like a wild tiling as usual. I think that child is demented.’ On the following morning—it was Friday —Lady Houoria, accompanied by Anne, departed iu the very best of tempers. For the next three weeks, at any rate, she would he free from the galling associations of straightened means—free to enjoy the luxury and refined comfort to which she had been accustomed, and for which her soul yearned with a tierce longing that would be incomprehensible to folk of a simpler mind. Everybody has his or her ideal Heaven, if only one could fathom it. Some would choose a sublimated intellectual leisure, made happy by all the best litera ture of all the plauets; some a model state (with themselves as presidents), in which the latest radical notions could ac tually (through their beneficent efforts) be got to work to everybody’s satisfaction; others a happy hunting ground, where the game enjoyed the fun as much as they did; aud so on, ad itifinilum. Lady Houoria was even more modest. Give her a well appointed town and country house, a few powdered footmen, plenty of carriages, aud other ueedful things, includ ing of course the enlrea to the upper celes tial ten, and she would ask no more from age to age. Let us hope that she will get it one day. It would hurt nobody, and she is sure to find pleuty of people of her own way of thiukiug—that is, if this world sup plies the raw material. She embraced Effie with enthusiasm, and her husbaud with a chastened warmth, aud went, a pious prayer upon her lips that she might never set eyes upon Bryugelly again. It will not be necessary for us to follow Lady Houoria iu her travels. That after noon Effie and her father had great fun. They packed up. Geoffrey, who was rapidly recovering from his stiffness, pushed the things into the portmanteaus and Effie jumped on them. Those which would not go in they bundled loose into the fly, till that vehicle looked like an old clothes shop. Then, as there was uo room left for them inside, they walked down to the Vicarage by the beach, a distance of about three quarters of a mile, stopping on their way to admire the beautiful castle, in one corner of which Owen Davies lived and moved. ‘ Oh, daddy,’ said the child, . 1 1 wish you would buy a house like that for you aud me live in. Why don’t you, daddy?' ‘Haveu’t got the money, dear,’ he an swered. * Will you ever have the inouey, daddy?’ ‘I don’t-knotv,'dear, perhaps one day— when I am too old to enjoy it.’ lie added to himself. * It would take a great many pennies to buy a house like that, wouldn’t it, daddy ? ’ said Effie sagely. ‘ Yes, dear, more than you can count,’ he answered, and the conversation dropped. Presently they came to a boat-shed, placed opposite to the village and close to the high water mark. Here a man, it was old Edward, was engaged in mending a canoe. Geoffrey glanced at it and saw that it was the identical canoe out of which he had so nearly been drowned. ‘Look, Effie,’said he, ‘that is the boat out of which' I was upset.’ Effie opened her wide eyes, ‘ and stared at the frail craft. ‘lt is a horrid boat,’ she said, ‘I don’t want to look at it.’ ‘You’re quite right, little miss,’said old Edward, touching , his cap. * It aiu’t safe, and somebody will be drowued out of it one of these days. I wish it had gone to the bottom, I do, but Miss Beatrice, she is that foolhardy there aiu’t no doiug nothing with her.’ ‘ I fancy that she has learnt a lesson,’ said Geoffrey. ‘ May be, may be,’ grumbled the old mau, ‘but women folk are hard to teach; they never learn nothing till it's too late, they don’t, and then when they’ve been aud done it they’re sorry, but what’s the good o’ that?’ Meauwhile another conversatson was in progress not more thau a quarter of a mile away. On the brow of the cliff stood the village of Bryugelly-, and-at the back of the: village was a school, a plain white-washed building, roofed with stone, which, though amply sufficient and suitable to the wants of the place, was little short of an abomiua tiou in the eyes of Her Majesty’s lordly school inspectors, who from time to time descended upou Bryugelly for purposes of examiuatiou and fault-linding. They yearned to see a stately red-brick edifice, with all the latest improvements, erected ut the ex pense of the .ratepayers, but as yet they yearued in vain. The school was supported by voluntary contributions, and thanks to Beatrice’s energy and good tcachiug, the dreaded board, with its fads and extrava gance, had uot yet clutched it. Beatrice had returned to her duties that afternoon, for a night’s rest had brought hack its vigor to her strong young frame. She had been greeted with enthusiasm by the children, who loved her, as well they might, for she was very geutie and sweet with them, though none dared disobey her. Bessdes, her beauty impressed them, though they did not know it. Beauty of a certain sort has perhaps more effect on children thau ou any other class, heedless and selfish as they often seem to be. They feel its power; it is an outward expression of the thoughts aud dreams that bud in their unknowing heads, and is somehow mixed up with their ideas of God and Heaven. Thus there was in Bryugelly a little girl of ten, a very clever and highly excitable child, Jane Llewellyn by name, bom of parents of strict .Calvanistic views. As it chanced, some months before the opening of this story, a tub thumper, of high renown and consider able rude oratorical force, visited the place, and treated his hearers to a lively discourse on the horrors of hell. In the very front row, her eyes wide with fear, sat this poor little child between her parents, who to the minister with much satisfaction, aud a little way back sat Beatrice, who had come out of curiosity. Presently the preacher, having dealt suffi ciently in terrifying generalities, went on to practical illustrations, for after the manner of his class, he was delivering an extempo rary oration. ‘ Look at the child,’ he said, pointing to the little girl; ‘ she looks iuuo cent, does she uot? but if she does uot find salvation, my brethren, I tell you that she is dammed. If she dies to-night, uot having found salvation, she will go to Hell. Her delicate little body will be tormented for ever and ever ’ Here the unfortunate child fell forward with a shriek. ‘You ought to be ashamed of 3’ouiself, sir,’ said Beatrice aloud. She had been listening to all this ill judged rant with growing indignation, and now, in her excitement, eutirely forgot that she was in a place of worship. Then she ran forward to the child, who had swooned. Poor little unfortunate, she never recovered the shock. When she came to herself, it was found that her finely-strung tniud had given way, and she lapsed into a condition of imbecility. But her imbecility was not always passive. Occasionally fits of pas sionate terror would seize upou her. She would cry out that the fiends were coming to drag her down to torment, and dasli herself agaiust the wall, in fear hideous to behold. Thun it was found that there was but one way to calm her; it was to send for Beatrice. Beatrice would come aud take the poor thin hands in hers aud gaze with her calm deep eyes upon the wasted horror-stricken face till the child grew quiet again, aud shiveriug, 3ohbed her self to sleep upon her breast. Aud so it was with all the childreu; her power over them was almost absolute. They loved her, and she loved them all. And now the schooling was almost done for the day. It was Beatrice’s custom to make the children sing some simple song before they broke up. She stood in front of them and gave the time while tiny sung, and a pretty sight it was to see her do it. Ou this particular afternoon, just as the first verse was finished, the door cf the room opened, and Owen Davies en tered, bearing books under his arm. Bea trice glanced some round and saw him, then, with a quick stamp of her foot, went on giviug the time. The children sung lustily, aud iu front of them atood Beatrice, dressed iu simple white, her graceful form swaying as she marked the music’s time. Hearer and nearer drew Owen Davies, till at length he stood quite close, his lips slightly apart, his eyes fixed upon her like the eyes of one who dreams, aud his slow heavy face faintly Jit with the glow of strong emotion. The song ended, the children at a word from tln-ir mistress filed past her, headed by the pupil t.cu-hcrs, and then with a shout, seizing their caps, ran forth this way anil that, welcoming the free air. When they were all gone, and not till then, Beatrice turned suddenly round. ‘ How do you do, Mr Davies ?’ she said. He started visibly. ‘ I did not know that you had seen me,’ lie auswered. ‘Oh, yes, I saw you, Mr Davies, only I could not stop the song to say how do you do. By the way, I have to thank you for coming to enquire after me.’ ‘ Not at all, Miss Beatrice, uot at all; it was a most dreadful aceideut. I cannot tell you how thankful I am—l cau’t, iudeed.' ‘ It is very good of you to take so much interest in me,’ said Beatrice. . ‘ Not at nil, Miss Beatrice, not at all. Who—who could help takiug interest in you? I have brought you some books—the life of Darwin—it is in two volumes. I think that I have heard you say that Darwin interests you ?’ ‘Yes, thank you very much. Hava you read it?’ ‘ No, but I have cut it. Darwin doesn’t interest me, you know. I think that he was a rather misguided person. May I carry the books home for you ?’ ‘ Tliauk you, but I am not goiug straight home; I am going to old Edward’s shed to see my canoe.’ Asa matter of fact this was true, but the idea was only that momeut born in her mind. Beatrice had been going home, as she wanted to see that all things were duly prepared for Geoffrey and his little daughter. But to get to the Vicarage she must pass along the cliff, where there were few people, and this she did not wish to do. To be frank, she feared lest Mr Davies should take the opportunity to make that offer of his hand and heart which hung over her like a nightmare. Now the way to Edward’s shed lay through the village aud down the cliff, and she knew that ho would uever propose in the village. It was very foolish of her, no doubt, thus to seek to postpouc the evil day, but the strongest minded women have their weak points, and this was one of Beatrice’s. She hated the idea of this scene. She knew that when he did come there would be a scene. Not that her resolution to refuse the man had ever faltered. But it would be painful, and in the end it must reach the ears of her father aud Elizabeth that she had actually rejected Mr Owen Davies, and then what would her life he worth ? She had never suspected, it had never entered into her mind to suspect, that, though her father might be vexed enough; nothing on tins earth would more delight the heart of Elizabeth. Presently, having fetched her hat, Bea trice, accompanied by her admirer, bearing the life of Darwin under his arm, started to walk down to the beach. They went in silence, Beatrice just a little ahead. She ventured some remark about the weather, but Owen'Davies made no reply; lie'was tbioking, he wanted to say something, but he did not know how to say it. They were at the head of the cliff now, and if he wished to speak he must do so quickly. ‘ Miss Beatrice,’ he said in a somewhat constrained voice. ‘Yes, Mr Davies—oh, look at that seagull; it nearly knocked my hat off.’ But he was not to be put off with the sea gull. ‘ Miss Beatrice,’ he said again, * are you goiug out walking next Sunday after noon?’ ‘ How can I tell, Mr Davies? It may rain.’ ‘ But if it does not rain—please tell me. You generally do walk on the beach on Sunday. Miss Beatrice, I want to speak to you. I hope you will allow me, I do in deed.’ Then suddenly she came to a decision. This kind of thiug was unendurable; it would be better to get it over. Turning round so suddenly that Owen started, she said:— ‘ If you wish to speak to me, Mr Davies, I shall be in die Amphitheatre, opposite the lied Rocks,., at four o’clock on Suuday afternoon, but I had much rather tliut you did not come. I can say no more.’ * i shall come,’ he answered doggedly, and they went down the steps to the boat shed. 1 Oh, look, daddy,’ said Effie, ‘ here comes the lady who was drnwnded with you, and a gentleman,’ and to Beatrice’s great relief the child ran forward and met them. * Ah !’ thought Geoffrey to himself, ‘that is the man Honoria said she was engaged to. Well, I don’t think very much of her taste.’ In another minute they had arrived. Geoffrey shook hands with Beatrice, aud was introduced to Owen Davies, who mur mured something in reply’, aud promptly took his departure. They examined the canoe together, and then walked slowly’ up to the Vicarage, Beatrice holding Effie by the hand. Oppo site the reef they halted for a minute. ‘ There is the Table Rock on which we were thrown, Mr Bingham,’ said Beatrice, ‘ aud here is where they carried us ashore. The sea does uot look us though it would drown any one to-uight, does it? See!’— and she threw a stone into it—‘ the ripples run as evenly as they do on a pond.’ She spoke idly’, and Geoffrey answered her idly, for neither were thinking of their words. Rather were they thinking of the strange chance that had brought them together in an hour of deadly’ peril and now left them together iu an hour of peace. Perhaps, too, they were wondering to what end this had come about. For, agnostics, atheists, or believers, are we not-, most of us, fatalists at heart? (2V? be continued.) 