IFtovellot. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ob, lady Chetwynd's Spectre. Br Mas Uaruiet Lewis. OHAPTKK XIX, TUB PL0TTEU3 Al.L BUSY. 41 Its all up for tonigbt," llsgco muttered In bor Hindoo tongue. 44 1 must bide my time, and watch my chance. It will coma toon, U I Am ready. Tbo i>nlcfaced young girl witb ber baby-faco shall not crowd out my jouog mistress from her rightful position s Lady of Obctwynd. 1 wilt destroy ber as I would an insect." Bbe shook ber band in fierce menacing at tbe object of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of ber own safety, and not wishing tn risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, sbo darted down tbo outsldo staircase, nnd was away In thosfaadow of the trees almost with tho rapidity of thought. Sbo concealed herself in a scctiro position at a little distance, at a paint commanding a viow of tbo door of tbe chalet, HorcBcapo was immediately discovered, / Vnd . Monk said : (: T jYou are safe now with mo, Bernioo. Itn . .. geobas hurried home, I am positive Sbo I You aro paloand worn out, Lot mo taio you from this place.. as soon as possible. Flack \- has beon staying in tbo neighborhood since . bo brought mo too hows of your depnrturo -. from Mawr Caatlo.nnd I found blm in the vugo V iuu puis, ua 1 WUUL ORCKIOIU0 flOUSO, I sent bim to Ghetwynd-by Sea for a carriage . and bo will drive you over to Eastbourne '.directly. Ho .Is to be in waiting at tlio lower gate of tbe park, nearest tbo villago. Here aro your clothes. It would be well to \- lav aside thoso wot garments ns soon 00 . possible, . Bernico assented, nnd Monk went outside the chalet and closed tho door. Young Lady Cfcetwynd secured it on its inner aide, again barricaded tho door at tbe foot of the stair, and; cbaogcd her wet garments for dry. ones as rapidly as tuo Bwollen and painful 6tate of her sprained wrist would allow Sho was soon warmly clothed. Sho rolled up ber damp garments and pneked tbcm into bor travelling-bag. Her wbitc silk, robe, which hnd so ably served in her appearonco cs a spectre, w ah quite dry. She examined it carefully. It bad been . - gathered up about her waist wben sho bad fallen into tho lake nnd was not torn nor dam'ngod. Sbo rollod up the robe and thrust it into ber . travelling-bag. Showns attired in her brohzo' grey ensbraoro robe and jacket, and it only now remained to put on her bat, While sbo was thus completing their attire, Monk came in, put out tbo remaining firo, -scattering the embers on tho hearth, and cxtingutsbed tbo light of tbo lantern, wbicb. . he restored to tbo closet from which be bad wlthdrftwn'lt Then lie nrranged tho furni ture wbicb Bernico bad piled up in tho form of a barricade, in its usual order, and con ducted young Lady Cbetwynd out of tbo obnlct, Tbey halted outsldo wbilo ho locked tho door; and Bernico then placed ber nrm in .'Alia, nnd tbey moved on among Ibu shadows, keeping a vigilant and npprchrnsivo look . outnround them. They wound nlong tbo ' narrowband dusky paths, avoiding tbo wider moonlight avenues, nnd once or twice thoy \- halted at aorao rustic seat, tbat Bernicc might rest. But nt last tbey .approached . tbo lower end of tbe > park, and the email goto leading out upon tbo open high? . /.way. \- 44 1 always carry a key to ibis gate/1 said Monk, producing the key in question , from -his pocket. 4,I generally cross tbo park . when Ijjo to tbo village. Here we aro, aad . 1 the fly is waiting," Flack was on tbe box, whip in hand. Ho .v" raised bis hat to the young lady and to his master. - ! . - ; '» Monk assisted Bornlcn into tbo vehicle. He hesitated about nccompnnying her to Eastbourne. Ho feared lost ho should bo missed from tho Park, nnd bo had another, taek to do on this night— a task which ho \- dreaded, but deemed uccessary to the succcos -of hiB plana, and even to his own. well. . J being. But ho dared not run any riak of losing Bernice again. To place her enfely ; t in the bands of Mis. Crowi was the first aud \- . . - most important raovemcut to be made. (Upon bis safo custody of Bernico nil his plans- hinged. Ho decided, therefore, to accompany bor to Eatbouruc. 44 To Mra. Crowl'a lodgings, Flack, " ho . ordorcd, tn a low voico with a piercing glnnco around. bim. 44 And bo lively. Wo'vo .2 Along drive beforo ue, and I bavo otber .| hUBinc83 on fannd to-night." r Ho sprang lightly into the vehicle nnd . f\ closed tbo door. The fly roiled heavily & along tbo load on ito way to Eastbourne by P ChetwyndbySea, -h ,It was not yet out of sight, when the : -Itborcd, dusky, witcbdiko faco of the old \- ' 'tifi&ldoo; woman was pressed against tbe iapears of tbe gate, and tho bend . rliko eyes glittered as Higeo silently mut . itered : ,4,To Mrs. Orowl'fl ?' A long drive? Ho must bo going to Eastbourne. »'To Mrs. \- rCrowl's lodgings ' at Enstbourno, eh ? I'm rgoing to Eastbourne to-morrow. And bo . rfaos other Buflinefls on hand to-night l AVhnt . .business? . I find tbat bo Is deeper than I (thought, Ho'll bear watching. I'll know : ' 'what his f otter business Ms. Missy won't \- ibe troablcd If I ora absont, all niglit. She rnsU pto And so I'll wall to wstch bim, i ) -..'v ' He'll be bnek at this gate by two o clock, ond I'll be here, too." Meanwhile the Antiquated fly and its oc cupants were proceeding swiftly along the road to Chetwynd-by-Sen. Thoy entered Eostbourno after a brisk drive, and Fiack drove into the retired street in which Mrs. Growl bad taken lodgings.- The fly presently hatted beforo tbo door of a tbrco-sloiicd brick house, ono of a row of similar UOUBCS " ThiB is tbe place," said Monk, opening the door of tbe enrriago and spriugiog out. Ho assisted Ucrnico. to alight. .Ho helped her up the steps and into the house. Mis. Growl received tho young marchioness kindly and respectfully, nnd with a warmth that was very grateful to the girl. The rela tions between Uio two bad neen from tho first as mistress and servant, and Mrs. Growl bad played her part so well as never to ex cite tho girl's suspicions, Mr?. Crowl lend the way up stairs, Bcmlco and. Monk following, Tl.o wopinn ushered tli era into n pleasant little trnrlor, where lights nnd n lire where burning, and drew upon cnsy-chntr before tbo hearth. Bernico sank into tbe chair, tired and very nflle. Mies Gwyn has Bpratncd bor. wrist," said Monk. "You will know how to treat the ailment, Mrs. Growl, without calling in a physician. To-morrow evening Miss G wyn will bo able to start for Mawr Gastlc, And you will tako the express for London. You will Btop at aqulet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey tho next day. 1 will bo in Londou also to-morrow evening— going up on tho sumo train with you, in fact, to rnnko all aurc. Wo will meet nt tbe station. And now good nipbt." Ho bent over Borntca and kissed her. Then ho took his lcavo, and burric-1 down to tho waiting carriage and set out on bis re turn. When tho fly arrived upon the hill over looking tho village of Chctwyml-by-Heo, Monk called to the driver to stop, Tho ordar was promptly obqyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed: You can drive on, Flack, and return the flj to the inn, I'll walk homo, and stretch ray legs after this lone drive. You need not come to the Park to-morrow. Pay your bill at tbe ion in tbo morning, and go to East bourne. You aro to take chargo of Miss tiwyn nnd Mrs Crow, nnd bavo them at the station to-morrow night. I shall go up to London by tbo same train." He dismissed bis confcdcrato by a wave nf the hand, nnd tlio vcbiclo passed on in tbe distance. Monk walked briskly down tho hill and toto tho silent village. Ho turned into tho lonely church-yard among the graves, whoso tall white headstones screened him from the possiklo view of any watcher, although tho moonlight was still brilliant. lie crept into tho little shaded stone porch, and let hiinsel f into the church, i t was then about two o4clock in the morning. It wob post four, nnd tbo gray dawn was breaking, when he emerged from the church, wearied and worn nnd pale. Monk went on through the village nnd as cended tho hill beyond. At tho lower gate of tho Park ho halted and let himself in, and hurried along the moro obscure paths toward tlio house. The old Hindoo woman hnd watched and waited for biraali these hours. She saw blm enter tbo park, and one glanco At liim as sured iter that his "other business" had been accomplished. Sbo aroso from her crouching position and . followed him stealthily homeward 41 I've made a failure of it, after all," tho old woman muttered. 44 His business lay in Gilbert Monk's schemes, but tboy all. binge on that girl. Ho means >0 preservo ber lifo ; I mean . to. destroy it. . Which will win?" lus Kiicucn-maiuB wero asiir, nou oiu Bagco, - watching her opportunity, ex- (torienccd no difficulty in slipping into tho ioiiso unseen, at tho servants entrance. Sbo glided up to tbo apartments of bcrmistresv, whom she found sleeping. Sho passed onto her own room and changed her garments, and flung herself on ber bed, . drooping asleep. It was somewbero about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned ber. Sbo was a light sleeper, awakening at a sound or touch, and now started up' broad awake upon tbe instant. She folded her turban afresh, and hastened to tbe bcdobamber of ber mis tress. ,o:; v - - - . Miss Monk was -in bed, ber Jicml lying back upon her pillows, a fretful expres sion on ber swarthy face. She was an noyed and curious, and sho exclaimed petu lantly : : "Why did you not sleep iti my/room lost night as usual. Ragce ? Why where you not here to undress mo ? I kept awako 'till near morning from sheer terror. I cannot' bp alone, and "you. know it." . Ilngco nt onco told licr mistress tbe story of her adventures during the night, Miss Monk listened in breathless eager ncss, 44 Gilbert is tbe head and front of this ap parition business," said 8ylvra nt length. 44 Ana yet why sbould bo wish to ruin me? Ho rescued ber from her tomb. It's all rilnla to mc-now. And be hns some object n defending her. But what can it bo? Ho did not lovo ber." 44 1 can sec into tbo myBtery," said tbe old Hindoo woman, bor dusky faco lighting, Tho truth is.ho bos discovered who she is. You know, Missy, sho did not know ber parentage. Gilbert bos found out the secret. Sbo is of noblo blood ; 'one can tell that by her haughty oir, her patrician beauty, hor high breeding.. She looks liko a princcsB,.at tbo least. I can bco Gilbert's gamo now. He menus to allow you to marry ray lord, and bo will then restore my lady to ber own friends and relatives, .and feather, bis own nest." 44 But what would then . become of roe? I should bo no wife I . sbould bo set adrift — " "Yea, Missy, But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not permit things to go so far. Per haps be will not aUow .yim to marry my lord. Gilbert .is a selfish fellow and means to look out lor himself, mid he won't oaro what becomes of you. I think he brought .my lady hero to play ghost. -I think ho ; means to exact a good price from my lord and from Lady Ohety wnd'a relatives, and then rcatoro her to tbera as one from the dead." Miss Monk looked terrified. "What shall wo do?" sho whispered' 44 What shall wo do, Higce?" 44 L"nve it all to me We must not suffer Gilbert to suBpect how much we know of his plans, I will outwit liim and destroy the girl. Lravo it 10 mo, I say. My lady is at 4 Mra. Growl's ludgings,' (it Eastbourne. You must send mo to Eastbourne to-day, Missy, to match somo of your embroideries of trimmings, or something." v-44 But he will not kccp.)icrnt,Eastbourne, where nho is known. He will lake her to London, nnd conceal her 'there until lie is ready to disclose tbo fact that eho lives." 41 Then I'll go to London, too," said tbe Hindoo, with n rcsoluto gleam In horcyco, "I'll bo moro that a match for him." Miss Monk put asido her chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to 4 steady bor nerves." Then sho allowed herself to bo dressed, in her luxuriant Eastern stylo, nnd at nino o'clock was ready for brenkfaet. She bade Hngoc await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast room. Lord Ohetwynd whs already Chore, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and welLded. Miss Monk "was very amusing, with a forced gaiety, "bub Cbetwynd was UU- iwjally silent and abstracted > \- :"v " Anything I can do for you in town, Sylvia 7" i 11 qui red Monk, carelessly, as ha received bis second cap of coffee at the bauds of tbo waiter, 11 Have you any commands for jeweller, dressmaker, boot maker or milliner? I shall bu pleased to execute nuy wish you may entertain I am going up to London to- night." 44 Ab, indeed I" said Miss Monk. 14 If you will look in at llowoll & James's, and inquire when my opal bracclot will bo finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you bo gone long ?" 44 A day or so— possibly a week., Boolsby A Newman expect me, nnd business is busi ness, you know," In the early cw-ning, immediately after dinner, Gilbert Monk drove over to East- bourne, and to tbo station. . He arrived nt the last moment, and was ushered Into a flret clasa compartment occupied by two veiled- ladies, of. whom ono was Lady Cbet wynd and tho other Mrs. Crowl, The train bad begun to move, when the door of tho second-class comparlinujt ad joining was barrio -ly opuncd by tbe guard, and a bent old womao, with a painted wliito faco, gray hair, a frilled cap, nnd a huge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, aud tbo door hastily shut uuon her. This old woman was Bngco, tho Hindoo I And thus, environed her enemies, . young Lady Cbetwynd journeyed up to London, CHAPTER XX. IN A STATU OF UNCERTAINTY On arriving at tfia London Bridge termi nus, Gilbert Alonk alighted from the first, class coach ho had occupied with young Lady Cbetwynd nnd Mrs. Crowl on tho jour ney up from Eastbourne, and raising his bat to them as to utter strangers, be crossed tho platform and entered a Hansom cab, bidding tbodrivor convey hitn to Haskell's Family Hotel, Pic end illy. Flack appeared from a second-class conch, near at hand, nnd escorted Lady Cbetwynd nnd Mrs. Crowl ton four-wheeled cnb, as sisted them into tho vehicle, mounted the box with the driver, and gavo tho same order Monk had given— Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly, An old bent woman— tbe Hindoo nynh cleverly disguised— bad appeared from tbo sccond-class carriage adjoining the compart ment occupied by Lady Chctwynd, and beard tho orders of Aronk nnd Flack, and now en tered a cab and gave procisoly the sama order thoy had given— Haskell's Family Hotel, ificcadiUy, In the courso of an boar thereafter tbo three several parties wero comfortably quartered In tbo quiet family hotel they hnd designated. IV. e hour was late, nnd Gilbert Monk did not see Bernico again that evening. Tho Hindoo womnn regis tered n falso nnmo, nnd ascertained that Lady Cbetwynd was registered as Miss Owyn of Carnarvon. Tills discover/ afforded tbo ayah food for thought and speculation throughout the re mainder of that night. Tlio next morning, nftor eating a solitary breakfast In the coffee-room of tho hotel, Gilbert Monk ordorcd a cnb, nnd went up to Lrvdv Ciietwvnd'a nrivato parlor. Hu found her lying upon a couch near the window, with Iter hair unconiined, hor faco pale, nnd wearing an expression of physical sullering. Her white brows wero contracted in pain, aud sho was manifestly uoablo to trnvel. Monk gavo a start of dismay. 44 What is to bo done?" be nBkcd,in a touo of perplexity. "Bbnll I Bend, for n physician ?", 44 She needs a day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food," 6nid Mrs. Crowl. 44 1 can treat ber as well as a physician could, MrA dnj' orlvvo!"' T"m1 " «»' for Monk reluctantly went out and dismissed bis cab, and announced at tho office of the hotel tbat he should prolong biB stay a day or »wu iunuer. jio men reiurncu to Jjaay Chetwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning Enpers, resolved upon making tbo best of a ad situation. Ho found Mrs. Crowl concocting nii egg- nog for thu bonelit of her patient. Bernico drank tho preparation meekly, and presently dropped asleep. Airs. Crowl pushed an nrra-chrilrta the hearth, in convenient proximity :to tho cbair occupied by Alonk, and seated her self, her glances fixednpoatbo. beautiful stoep<r. , . : . How lovely sho is 1". the womnn wills- pured, V Sbo is superbly, radiantly beautt. ful. .And. she is so frank; so honest, so gentle, so unsuspicious of- bniral. Bho isa. real lady through and through. . I should likn.to live wilb her olwnys, Mr. Afonk. I wonder bow you ran have seen! her grow beautiful under your very oyes, and become accomplished and fit <0 adorn The Queen's drawing-rocm, and yet not fali in lovo with horl" Monk's paper fell to his knees, and Ids swarthy fuco flushed with iho consciousness of a new and suddenly conceived passion for Bernico. - / Mra. Growl read his flush and agitation aright.. Sbo looked amazed, then plcnBed, . ,4\Yby, I never, have suspected that you lovo Miss Gwyn;" sbo exclaimed. ' It's something now even, to you, 1 know, Mr. Monk. I am delighted sir, and I hope tbat if you win her you will nllow mo to remsio with ber always, I should risk no thing hotter than to live with Miss G wyn all my life." " I do not know what Miss G wyn' will say ! ton marriage with me," said Monk, thought fully. 44 Sbo Hkcs.me and trusts me, that l know. Sho trusts yon also, and you might drop a word now and then about my devo tion to her, nnd prepare her to rcceivofavor- nbly, in good time, a proposal of marriage from me. If she nmrrics mo, Airs. Crowl, you shall bo her- lady housekeeper, at a hnndsomo rnlary, ns long as yuu live," Mrs Growl's oyes sparkled with delight. : 14 1 advise you to let her know that you lovo her, sir," sbo whispered, 44 Give her something else to. think of besides old troubles. Take my word for it, sho'll fool flattered and pleased, and she'll soon get used to tho Idea and like It. Sbo loves you now ns a sister ; it's only a Btop further to lovo you as your bride." Monk's perceptions and intuitions not bo? ing of tbe finest, ho was glad to accept bis confederate's CBtiroatoof Bernice, nnd to act upon it. Ho resolved that ho would do nothing to lessen Bernice 's trust ia him, but that he would dollcatoly intimate to ber, at tbo -first suitable opportunity, tbnt although Lord Cbetwynd bad forgotten her, thore Was- 0110 still who adored her, and would devote his lifo to her if sho would permit bini. The opportunity be desired did not occur before evening, wben, after eating bis din- net In the coffee-room, Alonk returned to Lady Chetwynd's parlor. Tbe gas was lighted here, and the curtains were drawn. The firo burned cheerily on tho hearth, and beforo It sat Bernice, Gtill pale, but with a brighter look on ber proud, dark faco. Sbo looked stronger too, than in tho moraing, and greeted Monk with asihile, IIo was delighted at the change in her, and sat down near her, hiB faco beaming. 44 1 feared Hint you bad retired," bo said, » but you are nlmoat well ngnin, Bernice. Airs. Growl is a physician ns well ns a nurse. 1 am persuaded that you will bo able to con tinue your journey in tho morning." Mrs. Growl appeared from tho ioocrroom, attired for the street, 44 1 suppose wo are to go on to (ho castle to-uiorrow, Air. Monk," sho said, 44 and I bavo a few purchases to make In town, so I must mako them to-night. Miss Gwyn wns not so weak ns I feared. Her wrist is better, all tho inflammation being gono from iT.and sbo is quite ablo to travel. I sbal 1 bo back inrfti hour, having only to go into Oxford street, if Miss Gwyn will kiudlyaUow me," Bernico gavo assent, aad Mrs. Crowl de parted - And now was nomo tbe opportunity Monk bad craved, in which to tell Ucinico his lovo for ber. But bow was bo to do it ? While bo hesitated ia what manner to bo- gill biB intended communication, Beruicc broke tho sileueo. 44 Gilbert," sho snid, hesitatingly, 44 I've been tbiuking to-day, during my few waking hours of bow strangely I am situated. You toll mo that, having apparently died, and having actually been buried, I have ceased to bo Lord Chetwynd's wife, You bavo been kind to rau, Gilbert. You bnvo saved my lifo twice 5 you have given ino raro opportunities' for improvement, and bavo been a noblo. brother to mc. Itoy will marry Sylvia Boon, and I am left utterly alone, with no future to look for ward to, I can never hopo to reward you fur your goodncsH to me. ; I am a helpless burden upon yon, and. I know that you arc poor. I cannot consent to be a burden to you nny longer," . 44 What do you propose doing 7" 41 1 hnvu no further, interest in England, I want -to go . flomewlicru . where 1 have at lenst a Hlindow of a claim upon some one. It is. April, Gilbert and ships -can visit St. KHdn 1 want you, as n lest favor to mc, to orocuro . mo DAssfliro to - my old island home," . Afonk's faco grow sober, oven to sad ness, 44 Vou - linvo no homo nt St. Kilda now,- Bernico," bo said. 44 1 don't, know how to tell you, but it is better to say tbe truth at mice Mr. and. Mrs. Uwclian were both drowned at ccn lost month, on a voyage from St. Kilda to Glasgow. It was in alt tbo papers— send affair—" lie paused, affrighted at the dead white ness of tbe girl's fnce and at tho wild -took in ber great brown eyes. 44 Dead I" she said. 44 Drowned ?" ' 44 Yes, Bernice. It was a terrible acci dent. Tho boat— a fisblng craft— wont down in a gilo, with all on board." 44 Dcadl— drowned !" repeated tho low, piteous voice, with its wild strain of incre dulity, 44 Dcadl Oh, Heaven !'' Tho girl covered her faco with her bandB. and wns motionless and dumb in liir great horror and despair. Monk did not dare to break the silenco. He hnd expected tears and moans, and wns awe-struck and fright ened at tho manner in which Bernice hnd received tbo fatal news. The slow minutes woro on, Bernico lifted her head nt Inst, nnd turned toward him her white, anguished face, nnd her eyes full of brooding hoiror. She hail shed no tenrs, nnd Monk trembled ns bo looked upon n grief so route, so terrible. 44 Thoy aro all gone now," sbo said, iti bor brokcu voico— all gone 1 1'oor father nnd mother ! Thoy aro happy In heaven It is better so. I would nut have thorn back," 44 Air, Gwullan wai afllictvd with hentt disease, and was on ids way to Scotland to consult a physician," said Monk, soothingly, 44 Ho could not have lived much longer, at the best. They have sent oat a now minis- tcr.to St. Kilda, and you may tiud no place there.4' 44 Is tbero a place nny where for mc?" asked Bernice, brokenly. 44 1 bavo no right to nay nnmu, no homo anywhere. I am onlv a donendeiit unon vuii. I did not mind that, Gilbert, when I expected to go back to -lloy and to havo mentis to repay you, at least for tho money you liavo expended on mo so generously; but now ! 1 cannot .bo dependent longer. If I havo ceased to bo ltoy4s wife, 1 bavo ceased tube your sister, I ahull no longer be a dead weight upon'you," 44 My poor little Bernice? What enn 1 say to you? You are no dependent upon me. 1 freely give you all l have. I loved you as a brother from the moment I saw you. . It was that brotherly love that took mo Jo. your tomb .for a last, look upon your face. It wns iuuv iwvb utaLWule'im;. refuse, to faelicvo 'you dead, ovon .when Cbetwynd bad caused you. to be put,as he supposed, for over out of his sight.' . During tucsu post nitccu months 1 havo vatcfieu the unfolding of your beauty with tenderer affection still; . r Anil now, ficrulce, I lovo you with all my heart and soul. Coine.io me," Bernico. You. aro not alone whUe 1 live. Come to. mc, my darling. Bo my .wife, and let mo devoto my days to tho task of ranking you. happy,'' IIo hold out bis nrms tp: her, but sho shrank from blm, trembling liko a leaf, "And you, hiso l"; she . whispered. 4,I linvo lost my last friend. Ab,nbw I am in deed aloud'4 \ "'.t 44 1 do not understand you, Bernice,'4 44 Aty friend is transformed into a lover," said Befulcc, sorrowfully,"44 and I Uatc lost ray friend," ; ; \- "But you have gained far moro tban you have lost, Bernice," said Alonk, gently, yet urgently, . " You bavo gained some ono to Bhnro yoiir sorrows, to minister to you, to rejoice with you in your joys, to weep when you weep ; some ono to whom- tbo world is brighter bccauso you livo in it; somo ono who, for your snke, striveB every day to ben better and nobler mnn." - "Oh, Gilbert I Don4( talk to mc like this! AU I havo left. is ;my self-respect, nnd thnt I must mnintnin. To be perfectly frank with you, my French governess has repeatedly asked rae what relationship I bear to you, aud has often told rac that, if 1 were not your relative, nor a young lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to lcavo your protection, for ray very narao's sako. And Bo, Gilbert, I am not going bnek to Mawr Castle. 1 want you to crown all your obligations to mo. by letting mo re main here nt this hotel with Mrs, Crowl, until you can procuroior me a suitable situ ation." " You aro surely wild, Bernico. I shall not consent to this nbBiird sohemo of self- support, If you will not bo my wife, you shall bo my-sistor and ward, but I shall not let you go from mc. In time, I. know I shall win you to bo my wife," Uc nrose.took her hand nnd felt her pu'so. It was throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. lie feared to excite iter by fur ther dUcuBBloo, and to strengthen ber in )icr new resolves by further combating them. After n few remarks, therefore, on indifferent subjects, and an expression of sympathy in her bereavement of ber fustcr -parents, Monk took his departure. He closed tho door behind him softly, and went down stairs and out into the street, half angry with himself for having broached the subject of his lovo until after Sylvia's marriage to Lord Chctwynd. On Bernice being left to herself, icr thoughts reverted to her foster-parents, and tho tears thnt hnd refused to fall before fell now in a heavy rain. The violence of her "grief soon exhausted hor. Fale, and with short, sobbing breaths, she lay back in herebnir like a (lower nearly beaten out of lire by. some fearful storm ; and as she lay thero the dooreuftly opened, nnd an old woman ia the rusty alpaca gown, a scuttlo bonnet, nnd a heavy blnok lace veil over hor faco, .slowly and silently entered the room, closing the door behind bur. It was tbo Hindoo ayab. . The old East Indian ayah's disguise was perfect, and Bernice could not have detected under it bor mortal enemy. It must have been, lhcn,Romo subtle instinct that warned young Lady Chetv/ynd of tho near presence of danger. Sbo roso up swiftly and silently nnd retreated toward tho door of hor bed- ruom adjoining, hor big brown oyes dilating, and her white faoty, under nil its calm bravery, indicating a quick, spasmodic terror. 14 Tbis is a private room, madam/1 sbo said, with a gesture toward tbo door, en deavoring tc speak quietly. - Tho disguised nyab.camo a pace nearer. Something in her stcnithy movement, like tho springing step of a tiger, remlndpd Ber nice of. the Hindoo'woiu.tn, and sho know ber under all her disguise. Thq, young marchioness made a furtbsr retreat. Allfyou'tfo not withdraw immediately," said faor ladyship, " I shall ring 'this boll," The ayah fumbled in ber pocket and drew 'forth a soiled ec np of paper, on which some words were written. Then she moved to ward young Lady Cbetwynd, extending the paper as she did so ; nnd Buruicc's sharpened vision cnught tho gleam of a glass vial in tho womau's hand. Tho young girl bad conceived an awful terror ol the stealthy Hindoo, tihe knew that the woman bad followed ber up to London with intent to kill ber ; and on tho moment, an tho womnn thus approached her with the extended document, the girl sprang back into her own room, and closed the (luor and. bolted it, in a pnniu of affright Tbe act ahuouueed to tuo Himiod ayab that ber identity was discovered, and tbnt nothing remained for her but rotrcnt. Sho mtidc the retreat immediately, slipping back to her owu room, aad leaving ber door ajar. Bbe bad barely thus bidden herself, when sho beard a rustling sound in the corridor, nnd buheld from the gloom of licr darkened room tho powerful figure of Mrs. Orowl, ns that person, laden with parcels, passed into Lady Chetwynd's parlor. Bernice had told Mrs. Crowl of her sinister visitor, but both supposed tbnt tho Hindoo woman bad quitted tbe bouse, and they did not consider it wiso to raise a f utilo alatm, . The various excitements of tbe ovening bad altogether proved too much for Bernico to oadnro calmly, aud sho went to her bed . Mrs,' Crowl sat up to acquaint Alonk with the fact of 'tbo Hindoo woman's visit, . Gilbert Alonk was passing tbo door on bis way to bis own room about ton o'clock, when Airs. Crowl, recognising bis step, went out nnd called him into Lady Chetwynd's parlor. She told bim of Rageo's visit, and uc listened in honor nnd amazement. 44 It seems, then," said Afonk, 44 that tbe old Hindoo witch has discovered Bernicc's assumed name. She must have followed up up from Eostbourno to tbis very hotel. Sho means death to Bcrnics We must watch our charge. Wo will leave London in tbe morninir, and we must contrivo to throw that witch off our tiail. If she wero onco to know tho way to Alawr cantlo, Bernico would never be safe Tbis is a bad business, I am uneasy— afraid," Ho went up to his room with a gloom upon blm tbat bo could not sbako off. Meanwhile Bernice, nlono in ber own bed room, was not asleep. She was thinking. Bhc reviewed in detail all the events of ber short life. She realised ber desolation She sntu to ncrscu mat sue was iorgoucn oy nu wbo knew brr nnd that there was no place for licr on earth ns Bernice Cbetwynd, She shrank from living longer dependent upon Oilbcrt Mouk. Bbe believed now that he cxpretcd a recompense for all his caro of her iu the shape of her hand in mnrringo Loving her husband with all licr heart, sbo could not marry Alonk And, strangely enough, now that Monk bad avowed for bar a lovo deeper than tbe love of a brother, she began to shrink from him and to feel a sense of repulsion against hitn. She must earn licr livingsomc time ; why not begin at once? Sho was fully competent to instruct children ; why should she not do so? She could net return to Mawr Castle, and Monk would not consent to allow ber to leave his caro, Sho must, then, if sbo in tended to help herself, go awny secretly. And in stealing away from thoso sbo be lieved to be her friends, Bernice believed that she would also escape from tho ono sho know to to be her enemy, Sbo began to bo in haste to be gone. At daybreak' Bernico was up nnd dressed. Mrs. Growl hnd not visited her during tbe night, and was now sleeping heavily in her own room on tbe other si do of the parlor Bernice bad put on ber travelling costume, hnr mttr hntor garments at command. Her Ifttlo bag Imd hcen pocked by JUra, crowl for travelling.; She put. on ber hat, and then siit down at bc'r window, emptied ber |suwBWb-uuuft iu ui ;i iapi uiiu wuuuicu uuf small hoard of money, finding tbat sbo pos sessed 6omc fifteen pounds. Sho pht. .her pocket-book In.bcr bossom, and buttoned her dress and jacket over it. Sho tied on her scarf and'hor doubled gray grcnadino veil. Bhc wns all ready, to start nnd begnn to find a positive relief in tho thought of battling with the world for her bread. She waited a little till tbe tido of shop girls begun to more along Picadilly towards Regent ' Circus, and then, with her heart throbbing .wildly, sbo aroso and unfastened ber doori and stole into ber private parlor, bag In hand. r She. could, hear Mrs.. Growl brcntlilng heavily. She crossed tho (lour and let her self out. Into the corridor. Gilbert Monk was steeping in his room, and old Uagcc was also asleep in her chamber opposite, unsus picious of the fact that ber prey was escap ing her. : Bernice glided down the stairs unnoticed. Sho paused iu tho lower hall. The door at tho private cntrnnco wns open, and a boy was engaged in scouring tho stone steps. As Bernice appeared, ho straggled out into, the street to speak to a passing shop-boy, and young Lady Ohetwynd passed out at tbe open door into tho street unchal lenged.— (7b Atf ConfinW'i.) TuroiE was onco a Sootcb farmer famed for his strength, who was often ohallengod by pooplo from a distance who bad heard ot his reputation'. 'One day tbore arrived from Londun Lord D., a well-known amatoar pugillet. Ho found tbo Boot woxkiog in ft field. "Friend," said his lordship, after first tying bis horse to a tree, " I nave oome a long way to seo wbioh of us is tbo best wrestler." . Without eayirg a word tbo farmer soizod hira'around tho middle, piloted bim over tbo bedgo, and resumed bis work. His lordBbip slowly gathered himself to getbor, whereupon tho farmer Baid : 44 Woll.'bave you anything more to say to mo I" 41 No," replied Lord D., 44 but perhaps you'll be so good as to throw me my horse." Mu. UnouuiNQ utjad olten to speak to friends of tbo only occasion on whtoh ho ever spoke to the queen. Bomc years ago, tbo lato Dean of Westminster and Lady Augusta Blanlcy invited him among others to tea at tbo Deanery to meet tbo queen, and Oarlyle was one of the parly. Tbe queen began to talk to Garlylo ami expressed bor opinions, on some matter with wbioh ho differed, end bo, as usual, contradicted ber and silenced ber, As the queen left tho room, she stopped at tbo door to spenk to Mr. Browning and say good-bye, remarking : 44 What a very oxtraordlnary man Mr. Garlylo is 1 Does ho always talk like tbat? I never mat blm beforo." Air. Browning wbb only able to assuro ber tbat It was his invariable austom. A btouy ia told of a certain mayor of Cork wbo beaded a deputation to tbe late Emperor of tbo Frenob,and comraonoedon oration to .his majesty ia what bo conceived to bo tbo Frcnob tongue. "Pardon mo," said tbo omperor, after ho bad listened to tbo specoh with muoh pationco; 44 English I know fairly woll ; but I rrgret to say, I havo nover bad an oppor tunity of studying the Irish languogo." IL'z/.leu : " I saw Airs. Kendall in 4 A Serap of Paper ' tho otbor night." Dazzler : 44 Aud thoy call her a moral woman 1 Woll, I should liko to boo my wife exhibiting herself in tbat make-up," Two Irishmen walking along Batter street stopped under a sign printed in Hebrew let ters,' 44 An4 wbat's tbat, Molke?" asked one, "Begorrn, I dmroo but of 01 badmoi flato, bang me e| 01 wuldn't trol to play it," . Tim dilTorcnco between a bachelor and a bankor is tbat ono is a lonesomo follow and tbo other 10 a loan oum fellow 