Account of Macquarie Harbour . By Flying' Fish. No. 2 ???' . '? ? Lieutenant Wright, of the 3rd Eegi tnent (Buffs), succeeded as ? Commandant.. During his administration the settlement made some progress, and a farm was com menced on the main. From this spot, in June, 1824, a party of convicts,: .which afterwards formed on a nf -fcViA mnat fnrtniA able .bands of bushrangers. that ever in fested Tasmania, made their escape. These men had planned to run; away with one of thejbarges when.theCammandant,*: accom- panied .by the1; surgeon',, . visit? d ? .'t^,-, plfe? wlie're they were working! If ? Was 'soon perceived there was something wrong amongst the prisoners, and the Com mandant succeeded in reaching the1 .boat, and in- 'pushing off- just before1 the fellows ran to seize her. The poor doctor (Garrett) was not sof ortiic ate. He was taken prisoner bythegangl whoi' after a kind of ' council of war, determined to give the, doctor; in his dwn;person, an -example 'of the scenes he had- often, witnessed— the applicatib'n of the ? cat-o'-nine toils. 'The instru ment ''of torture was; :-in '' a- - few mirutes prepared1 and ; ready -for ' action; It 'was in 'vain ?' that the intended1 victim attempted- to-, expostulate ;' it was in vain that .'argument in arrest of ? judgment flowed fronr his- trembling lips y he _ was ordered' to strip. There appeared no remedyjandhe had slowly managed to get off his coat, when 1 deliverer appeared in the shape of Brady, who had been a patient in the hospital and kindly treated by Dr. Garrett. He would not allow him to be touched. It is easier to conceive than describe the delight which his escape caused the worthy doctor. The men made good their escape in the openjboat, though closely pursued by the pilot, Mr Lucas, a most active and deter mined man, who during the time he was stationed at Macquarie Harbour became the terror of the runaways,- for they scarcely ever entertained hopes of escape when they knew he was pursuing them. Several murders were committed at this time, and three men who had been sent to Hobart Town and there convicted of mur der, were sent back under the charge of the Under Sheriff, Mr O. Abbott, to be executed at the settlement. There was no clergyman to ; prepare these, unhappy men to meet their awful fate. They died hardened and impenitent. 'This event did not- make the impression which it was expected to do on the prisoners, for murders were afterwards often attempted, unfortunately in many instances with too fatal a result. On April 21, 1825, Lieutenant Butler, then of tho 40th Eegiment, assumed the command of the settlement, relieving Lieutenant Wright, who had to proceed with Mb regiment to Sydney. Under Lieutenant Butler's management a daily improvement was visible in- every branch of the service at Macquarie Harbour ; his activity and perseverance in carrying on the works, his firm and severe, yet humane and just government of the prisoneis, could not fail to produce the most salutary effects. Building after building was erected, every part of the settlement brought into cultivation, excellent quays bordered the front, whilst fences, constructed of successive tiers of paling some 30ft high, were made to pro tect the rear of the settlement from the blasting effects of the north-west winds ; riif t after raft of Huon pine came floating down the Gordon, and brigs left the dock yard. The land upon which the dock-yard itself stood was taken from the sea. Philip Island was brousrht into cultivation : in faot, Butler left nothing to his suocessors to perform— they had merely to continue to carry on the works either begun or in contemplation. During Captain Butler's administration murders continued to be committed occa sionally and prisoners to attempt their escape, although wish an exception or two, without Bucces3. T,he most serious attempt at absconding was made in December, 1828\. The pilot had taken down and dis charged a small craft, 01 lighter, named after himself, the Jame3 Lucas, with a cargo of materials to enlarge his quarters. The next morning between nine and ten o'clock he went on board, and having slept below, wa3 surprised at having the hatches suddenly closed upon him by his boat's crew and two other convicts who had come down with him. The men threatened to murder him, one man in particular, named Burke, would have put the threat into execution,, but was pre vented by another named Thompson, who, however, observed thtt he wished he had I the Commandant there instead of Mr ,. Lucas, and lie would teach him how to flog men, and behave better to his boat's crew. They then made away with the mainsail of the sloop, and let go a second anchor. Whilst some wero thus employed four went on shore to the boat's crew hut, and took away all the provisions they could obtain. After their return to the Bloop they got into Mr Lucas's whaleboat, and steered to the northward. Mr Lucas broke through the bulk-heads which separated tho cabin from the hold. He there found two of his boat's crow, Tait and Mordicais, who had scrupled to join the mutineers. Mr Lucas asked them to assist in retaking the vessel, but they declined, urging the odds against them. The names of tho men who had absconded were Peering, Burke, Appleby, . Colvin, Day, and Thompson. They were all of them apprehended — two by Mr Lucas him self at Circular Head. The first three were executed ; the othera had their sentence : commuted to transportation for seven years and sent back to Macquarie Harbour, when Colvin and ThoJipson again at tempted to make their escape. Colvin was re-taken, but the others got clear off.. About this time tho skeleton of a man with his clothes on was found near Mount Sorell, supposed to be one of the former runaways. Another melancholy death by drowning took place shortly after. '?? Mr George Lusk, a respectable and promising1 young gentleman attached to tho Commis sariat Department, went out on, April 25, 1829, to try a new dingy, or small. gig, built for the Cyprus. He bad been bred to the sea, and was supposed to bo a . good boatman. He was accompanied by. :two men, Smith, the Commandant's ..Eecond ' coxswain, and Johnstone, one of the boat's ????;, crew-..- / L/ . ''? s. -,/ .-.?'?.'?::??'''' ^* ?-?? The boat appeared to sail well,-, althbugli '?.. the .Aveathe,riwas.-yery,u^avourable;.,anciin!.:v; ' ,( a' squall;*- which caugHt .her' between': the - ^ small island and the settlement, she .sud den ly.,went down. , The Commandant and Lieutenant 'Champ -saw ' trie':' accident. Several boats put' off; but to 'nopu'rpose'i ' Mr Lusk'scap and one' oar were : all that were, found. .;'??'? *? ?'' ''^ '???:,?'- :y.y,~-; .,'* The next day the' body 'of: -'Smith; was brought' up; but dreadfully disfigured by fish. No traces of Mr:Lusk;orof J.ohnstone were ever discovered. The boat waY got up.'som'e fewdays after. .,-i,,- ;,./:.-/ It is.a curious fact that, sonie time after thife melancholy. event, one. of. the: soldierB, a man of weak mind, whilst an) sentry, at night near, the- dock-yard. stated, 'whenihe was relieved, that he had seen Smith' come from the waterside— that he challenged him, but received no answer— that he 'could, riot fire at him for fright— that he saw him. go into the boat's ere w hut, come out again, and disapper at the water-side. . This story set all the island almost on the look out for ghosts and apparitions. ? . ; On June 21, 1829, Captain Briggs, of the 63rd Eegiment, arrived as Commandant after a passage of nine weeks from Hobart Town; and Captain B.utler, much to.the regret of all the;persons. who had the plea sure to per ve. under. him, returned to head* ' quarters to join hia regiment for India. 