£10,000 REWARD. (BY STzLuSO.) " What sort, Bill! If that ain't worth going for I don't know what is, and it's not for doing any dirty work either, and there's no doubt about the money being gotif it's earnt." So said a neat wiry little man away back at a pastoral and mining township on theQueenslandborder,as he lay campedl near the fire which burned brightly at a little dis tance from two waggona loaded with wool. "Yes, I' Mick," replied his companion, a tall lathy young ~ Australian, " you are quite right, it is a rewardl a worth winning ; and as we have a bit of an interest bi _.. . s mn thaht h chaneg of.stting the spoas, it;s C really worth while thinking about. What a tucky ? thing it was for us we got our wool oft before this a strike was ordered." " It was so," replied Mick or iemrnay, " but what muffs these union chaps are to obey a lot of blatherkrites in Sydney and Mel bourne in tlia matter, I can't make oun why the union shearers, who ain't halfa bad lot of coves, agn have among them a lot of men with a fair share of sense, don't see that they are playing the non-union game down to the ground; ithose squatters that have union labour are hb t, those who won t can laugh at the strike. Now, though we have got a station and like sport, we've both been working men and still have to graft, and I think both believe that - unions, properly managed, are good for employer and employed, but this s',rt of game that's being 1 played now is rot, blooming rot, and nothing else. Why don't all the shearers' union hang together and take a plebiscite ? I think that's what they call it aut what I mean is a general vote by ballot for or against the strike ; if for, of course all go out ; but if against, tell the Sydney coves to go to Hong Kong. ?ut this ain't what we started with, whent theseloads reach the railway we can have a spell, I and it's lucky that the carriers didn't go out sooner, for we should have had abig delay if we'ed to do all our own carting, but two. loads don't hurt. But now C ] see no reason why weshouldn't go down south and see the Melbourne Cup run for." " Nor me either, but, as we can afford to play up a bit on our fancy, j what do you say, as we now have got a good feeler by the Sydney and Hawkesbury running, if we go through the weights and see, outside what we know our own, if we can spot the horse tbat will obtain this £10,000 reward." All right, Sonny. Then here goes. Have you got a list of the horses left 4 in.r '"Oh, yes; Iv'e got the jest Melbourna portaswno, and that alwaya gives a list of thesa the scratched ones are taken out every week. ' Now, first of all, there is Carbine. Will that foot stand ; If it does, what can, lick him: but willit ? As Shakespears says, ' Aye, there's the rub.' He was a bit cronk after thatCraven Stakes, but what with the wet, the frost, and the sudden heat, Randwick was like iron, and I know that in summer you can't lick Flemingtoan I think it will, for Walter Hickenbotham is no fool, and theyll L get the Sydney vet, who is one of the best in Aus tralia, to come to Melbourne, rather than miss a point for Ilonld t\allace, though he don't throw his money about-don't mind expenses, when asses sary. You see a wile and a quarter, in 2min. 7see., with 9st. 41b., at Rawwiick, ought to be equal to a g mile and a quarter. with 10st. 51b., at lFlemington, K in 2~mn. 12aec Well, that's equal to 1 I-5sec. a furlong, which would be equivalent to running the K Cup in 2min. 30 l-5sec.; but as weight really K sever seems to affect the great gnD, when he is g well, it is more than likely that there will only be t,.hedikerence is the going to calenlata on andthat wonldn't be more than 2sec., so he shouIa go p - near cutting it down to 3miu 2&rea;, and so beating Dunlop's record. Melos, at 9st. 71b", is another hot 'un,:and on his Australian Cup form, he mset be close to his great rival, for he. was so close to Dreadnought that there was no fun in it, and the time was a record. Manton, I am told, has im- f proved wonderfully in Joe Cripps' hands, but when becomes to be wound right up, I'm afraid he'll give trouble to his trainer. I hardly think Cuiras Bier will be ready in time, though I've no doubt he'a a good one. Sir William, 8at. lllb., should be pink by then, but I think both Melos and Carbine bold him safe. Sultan is reported a bit off Riche. lieu, though brilliant, is a delicate customer, and I deem Cardigan a light of other days. Churchill has all b is entitled to over this distance of ground, in set. 91b. Singapore I do not like, although he has improved greatly. Marvel, at 8st. Sib., has yet to, prove he can stay, and I ain't fond of mysterious ones ; and Qakleigh at Sat. lib. mast be respected, though he is a lot better in with 8st. 11b. in the Caulfield Cup, for neither Carbine nor Melos are there-still with Sgt. 11 lb. up he ran a mile and threeqwarters in the V.R.C. Handicap in 3min. I 4ae-. ; at this same rate for another two furlongs I he'd run the Cap in 3. min. 301 sec. Tradition, is , said by soma to be all to pieces-going to the stud A by others-to be doing splendid ; but I don't like mysterious horses, and must put him aside till I see ir him back to the form he showed in Mentor's year. Even allowing for the improvement age gives. I think Chinta and Sinecure are held safe at the weights by Oakleigh. The Lawyer has been run ning very badly in South Australia, but I have a let of respect for this son of Saveanaka when really i well,but know very little about Merriment, who, like moat of Kelpele's descendants, should be served by age. Benzon has grown down, g.reatly and thickened, and I expect to see. him backed before the day and run well up. Rudolph will hardly be ready till the Autumn, and G'Naroo has more weight than he can carry here. Prince Consort is not badly used, and will run well. Pakeha is a hbit crooked and may unot start. Wrcombe will hardl~y like the ' Inal struggle, and The Qeean has a little more weight than I like on her at two miles in such con. pany. Kewanaster ijs in very clever hands, and there is no reason why he shcold not stay; I give i him a chance. Matador has a nice weight and was ,ery brilliant, but I faucy it's a bit far for him; but Tantallion at 'lst 131b must have a chance; he ran a mile and a half in the Autumn in 2min. 3Sae., and finished withb a bit in hand like a stayer. He ought to be better, and this should make him run it I inside 3.mia, 3lec., so h is evident Hickeab'tham bas afull hand. Chaldean has so often gone wrong in big races that I think his heart faila him; but Dunkeld, at 'st. 121b., I have a lot of respect for ; he rn a mile and a quarter last Spring in 2miu. 9 aee., carrying 8st; he has now a pound less, is a year older, and, if he could run another aix forlongs at the same rate, would shave 3min. 2Ssec. What, sort ?- Whakawai ! detest. Tarcoola is, I think, handicapped quite up to his best form, Ti'an will, I I fancy, hardly be pink enough to get to the very end of two miles, and the stabtl has so many other good ones that he may not run. I know nothing of Clement'a Tonic, '1set. 91b. is a big weight 6n b he Admiral, who, is alittle big one; but Swing, with 'st. 81b. is a big powerful mare that has a racing weight Tourbillon has lots of pace and is bred to stay, though hitherto staging has not been demned her forte, but she keeps getting a bit further. Car uington would be more at home over a mile and a half, but isr well treated in the weight. Jebusite is a little short of pace, yet should be in it to the laset 5fty yards if properly ridden. Little Bernie, at 7st Sib. has more than a lpook in, tor with set. Illb. he was only a second or so away from Claremont, who cat out a mile and three-quarters in 3min, 39ee, while his Metropolitan in 3mio. 31sec. is pretty merry ; it's evident that 7st. l81b. is a racing weight for him.. Pygmalion, at 7st 71b., is certainly one of the beat three-year-olds, but I fancy Little Bernie, Tantallion., Carbine, Melos, Oakleigh, and Dunkeld all hold the three-year-olds, at his weight or over, safe. The T ler looks hardly claes enough, and this time I don't fancy Gibraltar, Whimbereal, Medallion, Ernani, Gatling, Bsverley, or Briton; but Melton man may be tronblesome, as I am surebe is a stayer and has a racring weight Lamond once won a big race and a revival is always possible when a horse is eqd.. Theorist and Bohemian have both Ine. infirm. Of Wolverine I know little, and Magi: Circle looks best of the three- year-olds. I cann,'. fancy Wilga, Coreeze. Camden, Sylvester, FabulouE, or Frisco, but Annes!ey has a lot of pace. Tinlande: I fancy will hardly be well enough yet, but next autumn I expect him to be a real good horse. Shootover can stay, but. I fancy, is outclassed a bit, and I think fea Song may be well by the Australian Cup or the next Me,bourne Cup, and when well I am eare heis a great racehorse. Gresford has a racing weight, but I do not think he can win. Snowfoot and Peggy do not impress me over so long a course. Toown Moor is a brilliant colt, but of Yo-il knonothing. King William, Loyalist, or Abacus I do not fancy, but The Spot should beat all the other three-year-olds. Little Benjamin has yet to distinguish himself. Tormentor has gone wrong. Gold Leal; Master Grand,_Loyalatone,- M w, ... .i- . Diplomacy have not sufficient credentials to stand them here. Lapatene is more than a fair colt and has a rain weight for a big four-year-old, while Umslopogaas is too big a horse to see the end of a fast, run two miles. The Harbor Light will be better next year, and Litigant, Promised Land, Pingara, Copenhagen, and Clare have little chance. Proh Pudor will be served by age, and Rich Ruby can gallop on the track. Of the remainder only Pioneer, Ivy, aud Forty Winks seem to need notice. I fancy the result will be confined to Carbine, Melos, Oakleigh, Dunkeld, Swing. Benson, Prince Consort, Tantallion, Newmaater, Little Bernie, Meltonian, and the Pioneer will furnish the winner; and if I had to place them, I should put Hickenbotham's best, which, all going well,should be DU?~K?LD ... .. .. ... 2r MELOS... .. ....... .... 3. with little Bernie, Oakleigh, andTantallon close up: " Anyhow it's bound to be a great meeting; there will be the biggest Cup field that ever faced a starter. The Club have spared no money in making improvements, while the events at the programme which are still to be entered for have never been so valuable. There are distances in the various classes to suit all classes and all ages, and, despite the strike and the trouble it causes, no man.who can possibly afford to get to the course sh.ulddram.e. staying away from the next Melbourne Cup.. The Government entomologist and his assistants (says the Age) have been completely baffled in their efforts to trace the life history of that new scourge to the viticulturist and horticulturist-the fly pest. Last year ~hen it first appeared in the Rutherglen vineyards and orchards a series of experiments were made with the-ebject of discovering a specific against the ravages of the insect, and it wae.proaed that the fly is easily destroyed with a solution of benzole which will not affect the flavor of the fruit. A small patch of ground in a thi:k'y infested vine yard was set aside as an observation point. The vines were carefully covered with bags and every effort made to ascertain whether the larvm was. deposited in the ground or on the wood of the vines. Strangeto say, the fly mysteriously disap peared, and every effort to trace it has failed. In formation has reached the Agricultural department that the pest has made its appearance in the orchards. of Echuca, and is so voracious that has actually attacked the fiery capsicum plant. There is a worthy old boniface in the country who. was born before the days of free schooling,.anl his knowledge of reading-is only a little inferior to his. utter ignorance in the art of writing. Netwith standing this, the- excellence of his ale, and the. ready-money inability of his customers, necessitates his giving credit, and his scholastic shortcomings are the accounts once a month. When she first left the rcof tree he was in sore straits until he partially,. solved the question by the aid of a sack of potatoes. i He had a slate on which he used to scribble down marks, but his awkward scrawl soon covered the. limited writing area, and then he was at a loss to. know what to do until his good wife suggested that the customers' scores should be kept on the floor of the adjacent raoom. Each person should be allowed a row to. himself, and every time he called for a drink a potato should be deposited opposite what stood for his name. The idea was so good that all further forebodings on account of loss were dis pelled. But one day there was s'rrow and cormmo tion in the hostelry. Patrick called unto Biddy, and Biddy responded to Patrick with wailing, " Ochone. ochone, Biddy, darlint, the pig has aten up the whole business of the month, and there`s never a divil of the lot of our customers owing ua a single farthin." It was too true, the pig had eaten up the " ledger."-Chicot in the Standard. It may hardly be considered a joking matter, but we are so fearfully scientific nowadays, that a ghost story with even the slightest suspicion of the eapernatural is refreshing in its simplicity. There is a constable in town who has one on tap. He was on duty up-country in a district where wild dogs abounded, and he was left in chargeof a corpse in. a lonely hut. With homcaopathic instinct he had provided himself with a bottle of whisky and filled himself up with one spirit in order to resist the en croachment of a less welcome one. As the night advanced, atnd'thewhisky level declined, a aense of responsibility stole over him, and he fell asleep like an honest policeman, dead beat on his beat. But his dreams were troubled with a horrible suspicion of the honesty of the corpse, and he instinctively. clutched for the bottle. It was gone, and ao was thobody he had covered up with a white sheet. In all his experience a more gruesome post mortem case of petty larceny he had never heard.of.. The ruling passion, strong in death, had asserted itself. Ho remembered, in a confused manner, having kicked over the bottle, which must have rolled down in the direction of the dead man, who, unable to resist th.. temptation, had put out his hand, and, feeling the. familiarlabel and shape, had, to make things sure, taken to his heels and sampled the whisky bottle. outside in a place free from interruption. It was not until the next morning that he found the -,empty"on the grass and the winding sheet a ,few yards further away in the scrub; and to thia day he cannot account for the disappearance of the defunct.. Dingocs have been suggested, but that still unsatisfactorily accounts for the whisky: episode, and no one his yet been able to get an. admission from the nar?ator that? he had finished thebottlehimself. One cannot, without personal risk. dispute his veracity, for he is tall for his. inches, and in addition thereto a good atory w?,.lA be lost.-Standard. The original of our common potatoe is still grow ing wild over thousands of acrep. from Colorado to the Andes of South America.. It is indigenous to. the high and cool regions of the mountains ,nd valleys. During long and severe droughts, which often extend over a period of two or three years, not a, tul-er sprouts; but when rain comes in abun dance in spring, the wild po!atoes come up, grow and bloom profusely. In some regions thie flowers are pure white, while in others it is an exception, and the reddish purple predominates. There are also different colored tubers, as in our cultivated varieties, but they are mainly small-rarely more th' one inch in diameter. A Viennese gentleman with a long nameo halr. in vented a bomb shell, which, npn l,urstinrg, is warranted to scnd o erylrldy to sl-ep within a radius of sovcral mi.es. In "mr"ctical war rr it is inten" to asphyxiate the ,Eumemy, and thien se;nd tle cart round and run them in wrhile they are napping. 'T':e invention is a profound scrct, but a patent easily infringed. The Governmront, whicrl dii rot i:l high enough to s'cure the sole right', are blavying up all the sleep-l-rme'ring nrzncns, • ndl -are .~ tiig their hollow projpctiles with rnmuscr, ipts a a s, st tote for gunpo'wder. Tiere is an inmuelee run on pros'y ,reachers : and authors who :ere rnc is ignored have been astunmaded at believing thcmkrlvt U mnous, 