t . . ... Wesleyaa Conference. SEVENTEENTH DAT, WEDNESDAY, cr-osmo session. The conference re-assembled to complete the business of the sitting, and read the minutes. After devotions, Bev. J, B. Waxskhovse meved —' That should the general conference approveof the proposed mission to British Hew Guinea, and direct the board -of missions to commence operations as early as possible, this con ference authorises the general secretary of missions, with the sanction of the president of the conference, to elect for this important work, if necessary, a missionary, and one or more native ministers from the mission stations, and to pro vide for filling up the vacancies that may be created.' It TF3.R rasnirafl — ' Tfin* TJoir TT. IT. Nolan be sent to supply the place of the third minister in Ipswich circuit till the end of March.' (JENBSAl CONPEEENCE. Bev. J. A. NoiiAN moved — ' That the general conference be invited to hold its next sessions in the city of Brisbane.' He said it would be a very great boon conferred upon the northern, colony, and the matter of expense would not be very serious,' as the tendency -was to reduce the rates and inersase the speed of trains. Rev. H. YotrNGMjutf seconded this proposal, and hoped it would l-e carried. Tiie weather at the time of holding the sessions would be most enjoy able ; and it would be of more interest to Bris bane to have the general conference rather than the annual conference, as the latter would deal with matters largely concerning New South Wales alone, while the former discusses matters relating to the whole of Australasia. Eev. W. G. E. Stephtnson opposed the motion,, on the ground of distance and~expens«. Db. Kelxnack also opposed the motion, and: failed to see how the general conference could be asked to go to Brisbane when the aimnal confer ence did not see its way to go there. The Bev. the Pbbsidxnt pointed out that it would be very easy to go to Brisbane ; and as the Adelaide Annual Conference had sent an invita tion to the general conference, Brisbane might well do the same. Motion, agreed to. Bev. C. J. Prescott, B_A., was added to the Sunday school committee. The -iaily records of several previous sessions were read and, afterrevisien, adopted. DEVOlTSHrEE-STEEET CEMETERY. Mr. S. E. Lees called attention to the state of this cemetery, and moved that a committee be appointed, consisting: of Bevs. S. Wilkinson, C. Jones, and W. H. Beale, with Messrs. B. Iredale, J. Boseby, T. P. Beeve, C. W. Caldwell, and S. E. Lees, to take the matter in hand, with a view to make the necessary improvements therein. Agreed to. A letter of thanks was ordered to foe sent to ?the secretary of the General Post Office for having made special arrangements with reference to correspondence from the conference. TTTg WOEK OS1 GOD. The conf ereace agreed to the following : ' That the statistical returns of our church and Sunday schools having been presented to the conference, it is gratifying to find that there has been a slight increase in the number of church members ; and it is especially pleasing to note that there has been, an increase of 75 per cent, in the number of school children who are meeting in class. While, how ever, we would thus record our gratitude to God for the measure of success granted to us daring tfce year, we feel that, considering the com pleteness of our organisation and the large number of agents employed, we have a right to expect a much larger measure of suc cess; and, realising that *jifc is not by might, nor by power, but by the Spirit of the Lord ' that success is to be achieved, we pledge ourselves to seek more earnestly than ever a rich ont-ponring of the Spirit of God upon ourselves, and the churches ' over which the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers/ and that we may do our part to secure an answer to our prayers we hereby resolve to set apart a week, to be hereafter named, for special prayer in all our churches ; the Friday of that week to be devoted to fasting as well as prayer. We also resolve that, wherever practicable, this week of special prayer shall be followed bra series of special mission services, in connection with which, we may hope to reach numbers of the unsaved, and lead tkem into the fold of Christ.' After certain votes of thanks had been passed, the secretary read the minutes of whole sittings, which were then confirmed in the usual way, and the conference concluded. 