WHOSE WAS THE HAND I Jit Mis- BKADIXIS. Author ol "Lady And ley e secret," "Phantom Fortune," Dead Men's SboeB," "(Jut by the County," ** 1'afcen at tbe Flood," Weavers aud Weft," Cue Thing Neediiif,'' "Mohawke," Ac , &a;, CHAPTER XI\\. DAISY'S DIARY AT LAMPOKU. Borne IB sweet even after Italy, even after the bright and busy streets of Puis, with their flower shops, and milliners, and bonbons, and prettineases of all kinds, and the Bo is, and the carriages, and the smart people, and the music, and the life and brightness everywhere, and above all the opera and the theatres. Paris was very nice. I had no idea I oonld enjoy any city so ranch after Venice. I thonght that enchanting labyrinth.of marble, lying upon the breast of the.waves, would take the colour out of every other city in the world. But Paris was nice, all the same, and I was sorry to leave it. Home is sweet always. I have been reading my German Plato this morning under the willows that shade my father's crave, in the old spot that has been my sanctuary erer since I began to read serious books, and try to understand the thoughts of great writers. Plato is so comforting-after Schopenhauer and Hartmann. Plato is full of hope, they are the preachers of despair. Mother seems happy to be at home again, in the old rooms, among the books and pictures, and in the gardens she loves so dearly, 8he has imported a small fortune in the shape of specimen conifers and azaleas and peonies and roses from a famous nurseryman near Paris, and aha is happily employed . in superintending the planting of her treasures. It is rather late /or planting our head gardener says in his broad Scotch; and - he even went so far as to rive as a saying quoted by rthe. great Sir Walter himself ** PlauAt a tree before Candlemass and ye may commaqnd , it to grow, plaunt one after Candlemas and ye may joost beg it to grow." But, in spite of Sir Walter's proverb, we must trust in providence and in cor good old Macdonald's skill. Uncle Ambrose retains the cottage in whioh he has lived so long, and in which Cyril's childhood waB spent. There is no room in our house for his books, which fill every available wall in the cottage, so he keeps them on their old shelves, and uses his old study sometimeB when he is working on any subject which requires much reference to authorities, fie is writing a new book, I believe, though he has not confessed as much to either mother or me. He is very reticent about Us literary work, and seemed surprised and almost scared by the success of his last book, and by the tremendous amount of criticism ana argumentation that was expended upon it. "I could not live without literary work," he told me once ; "bat I do no derive very much pleasure from the publication of a book. Critics are an aggravating race. They see meanings that I never.meant; they overlook the most obvious points." He Is the most self- contained man this world ever saw, I believe. He takes no delight in the things that please other people, but he is the best and kindest friend I have, and he adores mother; so what can I want more is him to make up perfection; Cyril is his opposite in most things—all energy, action, Oght-heartednes. I sometimes wish he were a little less light-hearted. One may weary of perpetual sunshine. If I am ever in a sad or meditative mood I have a feeling that, however kind Cyril is, he can't understand me. He seems miles and miles away from me—as far aa from England to America. He has been away at Oxford since we came home, visiting some of his college friends. Of oouxae I miss him sadly, but there is a kind of relief in bong alone after continual companionship. Had Cyril been hen I should not have been able to spend a morning by mv father's grave. He would have muted me to so for a ride, or a walk, or to row down to Henley. I fall back into my old ways and my sad, quiet life naturally, while lie ic away, and if it were not that we write to each other every day I might almost forget that we are engaged.] Uncle Ambrose is not fond of River Lswn. He does not say as much, bnt I know him too well notto find out his real feelings. Children have a way ofjwatching faces; and I used to watch his face years ago to see when he was pleased or displeased with me, so that I came to know every line of his countenance, and what ever line means. No: he is not fond of Biver Lawn. All the things I love—the quaint old cottage rooms that father and mother found here before they were married, the low ceilings, the bow windows, the great oak beams and and diamond panes, and leaden latticeshave no charm for Uncle Ambrose. .Nor yet the handsome rooms father built, BO studiously arranged for mother's comfort; drawing-room and dining- room below, bedroom, dressing room, and boudoir above. Nothing could be mors picturesque than the old rooms, or more comfortable and luxurious than the new, and yet Unole Ambrose does not like the house. I can see it in his face. He seems to bear a grudge towards the place father loved and cared about. Is it jealousy, I wonder ? Surely a philosopher, a man who haa studied the deeper meanings and mysteries of life, present and future, as Piato studied them, surely such a man could not feel so petty and limited a feeling as jealousy, jealousy of my dear dead father's lore and forethought for my mother; a jealousy so trivial as to set him against the rooms and .furniture my father provided for his wife. • No ; I cannot believe him capable of such childish pettiness. He is a man of large mind and far-reaching thoughts, and to be jealous about chain ana tables—impossible ! But the! fact still remains. Uncle Ambrose does not like Siver Lawn. He is full of his plana for the house in Gtosvenor-square; has been up to London with my (mother twice already, to hurry' on the work. He wants to install us there at the beginning of June, so that we may enjoy all the gaieties of the season, the summer season when people almost live oat of doors. Mother Is to ba presented on her marriage, and I am to be presented by my mother. She has begun to talk already of my court gown, all white, like a bride's. Cyril suggested that it would be an economy for na to marry while the gown was fresh; but I told him that the idea of matrimony in -relation to him had not yet entered my head, "It has entered other people's heads though, my dear Lady Disdain," he said. "I suppose you know that a certain suite of tooma in Grosvenor-square is being fitted with a view to our joint occupation." " With a view means any time within the next ten years," I told him. Upon this he began to be disagreeably persistent, and declared that nobody had ever contemplated a long engagement. We had plenty of money, and what was there to prevent-our being married before tbe summer was ever "A gnat many things," said L "Bat first and chief among them the fact that we are both much too feather-headed to take such an awful step as matrimony." And then I reminded him how nice it was to be engaged, how much nicer for young people like us than to be married and tied to cacn other in a sort of domeetio bondage. "Marriage is * capital institution for middle-aged and elderly. people," said I. "The very best and brightest examples we have of married people are Baucis and Philevon, and Darby ana Joan. Now you would not expect me to feel like Baucis." " Baucis was young onoe," said he. " Yea, and then no doubt she was engaged to Philemon, and he ueed to serenade her as on did me that night at Venice. Oh, it was Jively 1 You couldn't have serenaded your wife. You would have been indoors grumbling at her more likely," " Daisy, you are talking nonsense," said he Sternly, and no doubt he spoke the truth. " Oh, I am only pleading for youth and liberty—for the morning hours of life," I explained. " As it is you can go where you like, do what you like, and there is no one to find fault with yon. If I were your wife I might feell offended at your going inp to London so often and coming home so late at sight, and being a member of so many dabs. If I were your wife I might grumble at your accepting that invitation to Oxford for next week." " Tell me to withdraw my acceptance, and St is done," he cried in his impulsive way. ** I give yon all the authority of a wife in advance. Being your slave what can I do bat-wait" "Don't quote that sonnet," I said. " everybody does. Quote something fresh." He did not notice this impertinence. He was pacing up and down the room in a state of excitement. ''Your mother did not think like you, Daisy," he said. "She was only nineteen when she married." " Ah, but then she adored my father," said I without thinking what I was saying. He stopped his impetuous pacing, and walked over to me laid his hands upon my •boulders, aad looked me in the face. " Margaret Hatrell," he said, "do you moan what your words imply!" 'I Do I mean that my mother was deajwateljr in love with my father ? Of course " And that you are not in love with me ?'* "Not desperately in love. Oh, Cyril, doilt look at me like that. You have no right to .look eo angry; yon have no right to look ao shocked and distressed. Did I ever tell woa that I adored yoa? Did I ever preteaA to be desperately in love? Never, never,never! I am not romantic or poetical my mother was at my age. I have been iMjsht differently. Yoar father traced my mind, and he did sot make me romantic. It isn't in my nature to love any one as mother loved my father—at least I think not." A strange faltering stopped me as I said this: a curious dim feeling that there were hidden possibilities in my heart; dreams that I might have dreamt; feelings that would have brought my mind nearer akin to my mother's mind; if things had been different. The look of absolute distress in his face made me unhappy, and I tried to make amends for my silly speech.. " Why should you be shocked because I am not romantic f I asked. I don't think you are a very romantic person either. We have known each other all our lives, and we ought to be very happy together by-and-by. Is that not enough, Cyril?" "Notquite," he answered, graver than I had ever seen him until that moment, " but I suppoee it is all I shall get, so I must be satisfied." Yesterday afternoon I amused myself with an exploration. It was a lovely afternoon, almost summer-like, though we are still in the time of hyacinths, and the beeches have not yet unfolded their tender young leaves. Mother bad gone to London with her husband to look at the drawing-rooms, which are receiving their finishing touches at the hands of the decorators, and I had all the day to myselL I spent the whole morning at my studies, working upon a synopsis of Durhy's history of the Greeks, which Uncle Ambrose advised me to write, firstly. to impress historical facts upon my mind ; secondly, to cultivate style; and thirdly, to acquire the power of arranging and condensing a subject with neatness and facility. It is rather dry work but I like it, and I adore the Greeks. I have been reading Eben* Egyptian story between whiles, and I think that has helped me to realize the atmosphere of that bygone age when PisiBtratuB Was ruling at Athens,! and Cra?sus was discoursing wisely upon his' fallen fortunes at the Court of Amaais. I finished my work before lunch, which is an absurd meal when mother is away. A. mere scramble with the dogs, who come in to keep me company, and clear my plate under my nose. Directly after IUDCO I took up my hat to go out, whereupon Sappho and Ponto, my darling Irish setters, went mad and nearly knocked me down in their delight at the idea of a ramble with me. We had explored every lane, copse, and common within four miles of Biver Lawn, so I wanted if I possibly could to give the dogs a' change; and I thought I would 1 venture to peep in at Fountain Head where the shrubberies are full of primroses at this season. The Fountain Head gardener and our under gardener are great friends, and I have often talked to him when he has been in oar grounds, I know the old housekeeper, too, so I had no oompunction in opening a little gate in the shrubbery whioh gives on to the narrow lane that divides our property from Mr. Florestan'e. There is a grand entrance on the Henley road, and high iron gates, and a rustic lodge with a thatohed roof and the dearest old ohimney stack. Tbe gardener's family live in this lodge, but the big gate is only opened when Mr. Florestan is at home, and that is very seldom. He told me he meant to be oftener at Fountain Head in the future. He feels himBelf growing too old for a roving life. I suppose he must be at least nine and twenty, which is certainly old compared with Cyril and me. How nice it is to be young—to feel oneself quite young, and how Bad it mnst be when weariness and age begin to oreep over one. I am miserable sometimes when I think that mother will grow old before I do—that I shall see the shadows stealing over that dear and lovely face—the shadowB that foretelltheend. Oh, that is the bane of life, that is what makes life not worth living—the knowledge that death Is waiting somewhere on the road we know not—the grey mysterious highway of the future—waiting for those we love. The old shrubberies loooked lovely in the afternoon sun, such a wild wealth of arbutus and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and so many fine conifers half buried among the spreading -branches, a tangle of loveliness, periwinkle and St. John's wort straggling over every bit of unoocupied ground. Ponto and Sappho rushed about like mad things, imagining all sorts of impossible vermin, and scratching and digging whenever they got out of reach of my whip. That dogwhipof mine looks formidable, but I'm afraid those two clever darlings know that I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pocket Dante with me, meaning to try and fancy myself in the Pine Forest, near Ravenna, where he used to meditate, but the book was so far true to its name that it never left my pooket. I seemed to have so much to think about; and a spring afternoon with light oloudlets floating in a pale blue sky, ana the perfume of violets in the air sets all one's moat fanciful fancies roaming far and wide. I think my thoughts were light aa thistledown or vanity that afternoon, or they could never have strayed so far, and yet. there was a touch of sadness in them, for I could not help thinking of Gilbert Elorestan and his sadposition, quite alone in the world, mother and father both lying still and dumb, aa my dear father lies in his grave under the willows—no sister or brother, no one to care for him or to lean upon him. No doubt be has cousins as I have. I have not quite made up my mind whether cousins are a neccssary evil or a modified kind of blessing. I'm afraid if I Btood alone in the world as he does Dora and Flora would not fill a large gap in my life. I rambled in the shrubberies and the dear old fashioned gardens till -1 was tired, and then I began to feel the keenest curiosity about the inside of the house. It is not a pretty house, but it is old and dignified. When one has come but lately from a city of palaces one can hardly be altogether alive to tbe beauty of an old English mansion, with moss-grown walls and deep-set windows, and a general greynesa and low tone of colour which some people find so dispiriting. Yet the house touched me by a kind of mournful beauty, and a sense of queit desolation such as I felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old neglected mansions upon some of the smaller canals, so gloomy in their grandeur, as of the dead irrevocable past. I have felt sometimes as if I would give worlds to be able to buy one of those degraded, dilapidated. old palaces, and to clear away all its parasite growth of petty modern uses, and to restore it to tiie splendour and the beauty of three hundred years ago. And - yet I nave shuddered at the thought of the phantoms that might come erowcung round me in those great cr.wi roonv, of all the dead people who mig'-- at the sonnd of music aud laut - • - - -He home where they were onoe yoti.„ • ^-J. tmrry. I walked up and down the broad gravel terrace in the front of Mr. Florestan'e house. It stands only about twenty feet above the level of the river bank, and a wide lawn slopes gently from the houBe to the river. I could see the boats going by, and hear the voices of the towers, which were a relief after the'uncanny feeling that had crept over me while I was in the great overgrown garden on the other side of the house. I believe the gardener must have given himself a holiday, for not a human creature did I see In the grounds. There was a glass door opening on to the terrace with an old-fashioned hanging bell. I ventured to ring that antiquated bell, trembling a little at the thought of ghosts, and perhaps a little at the thought that the old housekeeper would wonder at my wanting to explore her domain. The fancy had never come into my foolish brain before to-day, but I suppose that was because I had seen so little of Mr. Floreatan until we met in PariB, and oould not feel any particular interest in his house. Now that I know him the house seems like au old friend, and I wonder that I can have looked so often at the old Indian red roof and the great grey stone chimney stacks without wanting to see what the inside is like. No one answered my summons though I heard the bell ringing with an awful distinctness, I rang again, but still there was no answer, though I waited long enough for the feeblest of eld women to creep from the remotest corner of the rambling old house, rang a third time, and still there was no reply, and tbe more I oouldn't eet in the more keenly curious I became. So at last, knowing old Mrs. Murde w would never resent any liberty on the part of my mother's daughter, mother being a power at Lamford, I tried the door. It opened easily, and I vent in, taking care to shut the door after me eo as to keep Ponto and Sappbo outside. They were scampering abont the shrubberies and I knew they would find their way_ home when they missed me. I went in feeling very much as Fatitna must have felt, or, iu other words, just a little ashamed at my idle curiosity. The house is a dear old_house, very shabby as to carpets and curtains, but with lovely old furniture of Sir Charles Grandison's period, and with old china in every corner, china which I am convinced is worth a fortune; but I will never breathe a word ahout if B value to Mr. Florestan or he may pack it all off to Chrietie's, Men are such Goth9 where old china is concerned. Ytp, it is a dear old house. It has an old, o'd perfume of rose leaves and lavender, wiibh must have been hoarded evereoloas before Mr. Florestan vr*" born, iu all the old ciirys&D-ficmusn; bo«vls ana hawthorn jars which stand about everywhere on the t«p= of cabiiiete and in corner cupboards, ana in quaiot little alcoves and recesees which one meets with unawares in the corridoren and lobbies. Not all the wealth of the Indies could create snch a house. It is the slow growthnf time, likethe golden brown lineheus ang cool grey mc/tuen on the garden walls. I roamed and roamed about the rooms on the ground floor, opening one into another, quaintly inconvenient, with queer little doors, half wainscot and half wall paper; rooms without the faintest pretenBiou to splendour or dignity; rooms that suggest the world as MIBB Edgeworth and Miss Austen knew it; a world in whioh people dined at 5 o'clock, and danced country dances, and played on the spinet, aud painted on velvet, and talked about the iunoheon- tray aud the Britska. I looked at all the ornaments on all the tableB and chimney-pieces, the things our grandmothers loved; cardboard handecreens, with pencil landscapes—Craig-miller castle, Guy's Cliff—sDill-boxes. What are spills, by the way? Old albums and sorapbooks, old work baskets lined with faded satin. Everything was arranged as neatly as it had been fifty years ago, when Mr. Florestan's grandmother was mistress of the house,, and these were her things—most of them. His mother's room had a more modern look, yet even there the books, desks, and workboxes were old fashioned. How quickly the fashion of this life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amused to feel the uncanny influences of those empty rooms full of things that had belonged to people who were all dead; but presently that air of long ago, together with the death-like silence of the houBe, began to affect my Bpirts. A feeling of profound melancholy crept over me. I thought of ray dear, dead father, and wondered, as I have so often wondered, where the dead are^Ast? near us, or how distant. I went back to the dining-room for a last look at the family portraits before leaving the desolate house.lMrs. Murdew'had evidently gone out upon some errand, and there was no use in waiting for her return. . 3 looked with interest at the picture on the. left of the sideboard, and near the door lead-, ing into the halL It was the portrait of Mr. Florestan's father, a fall length painting, in a rough brown Bhooting suit, Knickerbockers, and mighty hobnailed boots. A picturesque brown hat, a gun, and a liver-coloured pointer were the accessories of the boldly painted figure, against a background of russet foliage.. The picture, which was by a master hand, might nave been called a study in brown. The likeness between father and son was remarkable. It might have been Gilbert Florestan's portrait that I was looking at. I studied the ploture so long—fascinated by that wonderful slapdash power, the' kind of painting which Uuskin describes as a rapid hand and a full brush—that the face seemed to grow into my mind, and the figure almost took life and motion as I looked at it. My nerves were in a peculiar state after that hour of silence and thoughtfulness in the desolate bouse, or else I oould baldly have been ao foolish as I was two minutes afterwards when I- turned to leave the dining-room, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure on the threshold of the door in the shadow of the half- closed shutters. I was idiot enough to mistake reality for apparition. In thst moment of terror I believed that the figure standing there looking at me with a quiet smile was the ghostly semblance of the dead man whose picture I had contemplated so long. "Pray forgive me for startling you," said Mr. Florestan, offering me his hand 4n the easiest way, and not allowing me to see that he thought me an idiot, as he must have done; "I ought to have given you -some notice of my arrival. You were so absorbed in my father's picture that you did not hear his son's footsteps. " I think it is the faultof that thick Turkey carpet rather than of my abstractions," I told him," but I really was absorbed in the picture, and envying the punter his power to get such a grand effect out of such simple elements. It is almost aa good as Gainsborough's blue boy. I had no idea you were coming to England so soon." "I had no idea myself; but the distance from Paris to Lamford is such a bagatelle that I thought I might as well run across and have a look at the old- home before all the tulips had withered. My mother used to be so fond of her tulips, though they were never a costly collection. A Dutch connoisseur would laughed at our poor little show." " Have yon only jnst arrived," I asked, feeling that I was redder than the great overblown peonies I had seen in the shrubbery, and wondering what he must think of my extraordinary intrusion. " Within three minutes. s still a the door, and my servant is bringing in my portmanteau." " You must think it so strange to find me here," I stammered, feeling even worse than Fatima, though there were no gory heads lying about. "I only think it delightful to be welcomed by the presence of a friend," he answered with inexpressible kindness. There was something in his smile and in his tone of voice so full of protecting friendliness, that I began to fed easier in my mind, and was able to explain my appearance in his dining-room on ths>t particular afternoon, and then I told him that I must go and hunt for the dogs, who might be doing all manner of mischief in hiB shrubbery. I had a secret conviction tha^Sappho and Ponto had gone peaceably home to the stables, but the dogs made a decent excuse to get me out of the house. " I feel sure they won't do the slightest barm," he said, "but if you are the least little bit uneasy on that score we'll go and look for them together, and then perhaps yonr mother will take pity upon a tired traveller and give me a cup of tea." "1 am eo dreadfully sorry." I Eaid, "mother is in London, and won t be home much before 8." "That's a sad disappointment. I had looked forward to seeing her this afternoon." We went out at the hall door together, and we explored the shrubberies and garden, but saw no sign of the dogs. He went home with me, and we iound Sappho and Ponto in their kennels, whither they had returned half an hour before. Then from the stable yard we wandered naturally to the garden, where the basket chairs and tables had been set out in the usual place on the terrace in honour of the lovely afternoon. The footman came out with the tea tray, and arranged it, while we, Mr. Florestan and I, were standing looking at the river. Servants are so officious. I had happened to say at luncheon that if the day continued fine I thought I -would have -tea in the garden, and here was the man setting out the cups and saucers under Mr. Florestan's nose. There was no help for it. I oould not be so inhospitable as to send him away tealess, with my pet brass kettle singing merrily over the spirit lamp, and my favourite buns frizzling freeh from the oven. I made the best of my awkward position. ''Perhaps, as mother isn't here, you'll allow me to give you a cup of tea,". I said. He acoepted eagerly. I almost hoped he'd take it standing, and go away directly he had emptied the cup. But, although he had been the soul of delicacy and consideration in his own house, he seemed to think he might do as he liked in ours. He seated himself in oue of the low basket chairs, and I felt that he meant to stay. I dare Bay he thought it the most natural thing in the world, but I could not help feeling the strangeness of it, though Cyril and I have had tea on the terrace t&te-a- tete; many a time before we were engaged, and Mr. Florestan is a good deal older than CyriL So I tried not to look conf uaed or silly as I poured out the tea. "Plsase let me wait upon yon," I said, when I saw him struggling out of the chair, the seat of which is only about afoot from the ground. " I know how tired you must "Be, Let me wait npon you just as if you were mother." " The offer is too tempting- I own to feeling tired. 2 left Paris at S o'clock, and that meant leaving my lodgings at 7. And the day was hot and dry and dusty. However, this arden and the river make amends for all I fave suffered, and this toasted bun is better than the most famous of Bignon's sdtU4s. Why -4o we waste our substance on Paris dinners when tea and cake in a sunlit ter race are so delicious." " We cannot always have the terrace and tbe sunshine.'* 1 " Oh. bnt there is the winter fireside," said be. " Every one has a fireside. I am assured that epicurean dining is a mistake. A man left to his own devices usually dines on a mutton chop. Gourmandism is mere awagger and rivalry. A Lord Alvanley invente a dish which shall be costlier than anybody else's dish. A fricassee composed of that particular morsel out of a fowl's back which epicures have christened the oyster,' A hecatomb of chickens have to be sacrificed for a single fricassee, and Lord Alvanley goes down to posterity as the inventor of the costliest dish that aver was cooked sinoe Vitellius and his nightingales' tongues. Almost all eur dining in Paris is npon the same principle. We vie with each other in wastefulness, and restaurateurs grow rich." It was a r>Wt=ire to hear him rattle on as he took|his tea, devouring buns and jam sandwiches, and seeming really to eojoy the meal. I was very soon as much at home with him as if he had been CyriL I told him about the house in Grosvenorsqaare, and had along discussionupon colouring and high art in furniture. I find that he inclines to the Italian school, and thinks that Orientalism if a mistake in London. " Your Persian lattices and Moorish divans imply perpetual sunshine and a lazy and semi-tropical climate," he said. " Tbey are mere foolishness iu such a country as England. And so you are going to desert River Lawn in all its summer beauty for the starched stateliness of Grosvenor-square. I told him that the ohange was not my choice or my mother's, but that it yas my stepfather who was shifting the scene of our live*. And then I was drawn on to tell him of my stepfather's dulike of .the house which had been my father's home. " I suppose it is a natural feeling on his part," I said; u he loves my mother so intensely that he cannot bear to see her in the home whioh her first husband made for her." " Yes, no doubt, such a jealousy is natural to Bome temperaments. Vour stepfather is a peculiar man, a man of deep feeling, I fancy." " Yes, that is quite true. He was devoted to my mother for years—all the years of her widowhood—before he took courage to ask her to be his wife. He is the most unselfish of men. He hardly made any use of hiB fortune ~nntil bis marriage; but since he has been mother's husband he has spent his money like a prince." " And you are to be his son's wife," he said; " that will strengthen tne bond between your mother and him," HiB voice and his manner changed curiously as he Baid this. No one oould have been gayer than he was five minutes before, when be was expatiating upon the merits of jam sandwiches. No one oould be graver ; than be was now, I did not answer him. What oonld I say ! My engagement is an aocepted fact. We were both siient till I felt somebody would have to say something, eo I said rather stupidly, "Cyril and 1 have known each other since we were children. We are almost like brother and sister." " Almost—with the difference of a weddingring," he answered, ac. he rose to say goodby. When he was gone I found he had-stayed only twenty minutes, and I had two hours to dispose of before 8 o'clock. He oame to see mother this afternoon, aud they walked together on the terrace in earnest conversation for more than an hour. Uncle Ambrose was over at the oottage, buried among hu books. 1 was in the drawing-room, and I couldn't help feeling a little carious about what mother and Mr. Florestan could find to talk about all that time. I tried to practise^ but I found [myself repeatedly running to the open window to look at them. He took leave at last without coming into the house to see me, which I thought was a little ungrateful un bis part after my having given him his tea yesterday afternoon. " What secrets ha^e you and your neighbour been talking, Mamie?" I said, when mother came slowly in at the drawing-room window, looking grave and thoughtful. " Don't ask to know too much, my pet. We have been talking of a page in the book of the past. Nothing that touches my Daisy." " Yon have been talking of my father?" I said. .. She did not deny it. 1 asked nO.more questions, knowing how easily Bhe is saddened by any thought of Jtne past. Yet I could not help wondering and wondering and wondering all day long what connection there could be between Mr. Florestan and my dear father's fate. May 30.—It is a fortnight since I wrote the last line in my diary; and we have all migrated to GroBvenor-equare. The houBe is lovely ; every detail that can minister to the comfort and convenience of its inhabitants has been studied and thought out. My rooms are delicious, colouring, form, everything in exoellent taste, outlook sunny, flowers in all the windows, brightness and prettiness everywhere, and yet I find myself regretting Biver Lawn every hour of my life, and I have a shrewd suspicion that mother feels very mnoh as I do, Already she has been talking about August, when we shall go back to Lamford. Tbe Drawing-Boom is for to- morrow, and my Court gown has come home from Madame Martinet's, a train of thick dull white silk, whichfalls inmassivestatuesquefolde; a white satin petticoat covered with crystal beads, all one sparkle, dazzling iridescent. The costums is a marvel of brilliant simplicity. Mother has given me the pearl neoklace bhe wore at her presentation three and twenty yeara ago, and Uncle Ambrose has given me a set of diamond stars which are to fasten the ostrich plumes in my hair and on my shoulders. Cyril brought his offering this morning — a sapphire half-hoop ring—the second he has given me. The fimt was given me in Venice, where he bought it at one of the jewellers in the dear little Merceria—a double half-hoop of diamonds and rubies. June L—The awful ceremonv is over, without any hitch, and I hope without any gaucherie upon my part. I have seen the face of Majesty, for mother and I were early at the Palace, and the Queen had not retired when our turn came. My gown has been admired, and is laid by in lavender, find I am now formally introduced to society, and have all the rightB, privileges, and responsibilities of a young person who is " out," Cyril is not to be allowed the splendours and luxuries of Grosvenor- square Antil after out marriage. His father thinks! that as a bachelor he is better off in the Albany, where he bas a delightful set of rooms, and where he may keep dogs, entertain his Oxford friends, and smoke as much as he likes. If I were a young man with such advantages I should never want to marry. My cousins have expressed themselves very decidedly about my future life in Grosvenorsquare. They cannot believe it possible that any young couple cculd be happy under the same roof as their father and mother. " I should prefer the shabbiest little fiat in the Edgware-road to your splendid apartments," eaid Dora. " The plan may answer very well in France, There is a kind of childishness about the French which makes them look up to their parents in a positively ridiculous way; but it will never do in an English household. Mark my words, Daisy, it will never do." I told her that almost the chief consideratioa in my engagement to Cyril was the idea that I should not be parted from my mother when I became his wife, "if that consideration influences you,my dear, depend npon it you dan't care two straws for the man," she answered in her horrid way. a I see a good deal of my cousins now I am living is town. They find Grosvenor-square nearer the Park than Harley. street, and often drop in to luncheon after their morning walk. They walk in the Bow ic the morning, and ride before dinner daily,-as iff it were a part of their religion. . " And yet," my aunt says, " I have not had one eligible offer for either of them." " 1 think there iB something really pathetic in that yet." 