? PnoBABLYthere nevfer wafcailaw caSe? n thi4 side of the equator'tbit'lftbre' ully illustrated thfe injnStfee bf 'legit ustice than do these Premier Permanent' prosecutions. The cost of getting! twelve good men, andtrue to say "Guilty," pr J'lfyt Guilty,',' u in these bases will " be something • so' fearful 'as to vitiate' justice in'its founts.- There are 1 ten or a dozen bewigged barristers who arefeed everyday. --Mr.i Purveys i brief rhad -to bfe ffia*ked£500 with £50 , per day as,!* refresher,) and the rest in proportion. . What wjth . jndge, : ji^ty, , ba^isters r aadi solicitors, the coBt of this trial tots up to; icit lesp. than.'^00 a; day, and it hast Lasted in both courts already about sixty days, costing, so far; something like - £30,000; and no verdict got yet in any but Doherty's case. That, I say, is poisoning justice in its very fount. If the defendants should be acquitted who will ever—who can ever—recoup them in money and mind for what they have suffered P If they arB proved 1 guilty, who,can compensate the taxpayer for the enormous outlay in sheeting home , justice to the defaultersP No one.. The law pnd the lawyers between them are the death of justice. TRADES' unionispi is not dead yet. That little' piece Of a. sidfe-strike last week threatened by the slaughterinen and butchers was very instructive! The men were either to work on a Sunday or go. "Very well. The men would go. But if the slaughtermen were looked out, the butchers would go too, and then who were to carve our chops and send them to Us ? The masters " considered," and consideration, like an angel, came and whipped the offending Adam out of the master butchers. They thought better of it. They gave way, and there is to be no more killing on a Sunday. Why should there be in these days when we have refrigerating houses in plenty, where carcases can be held in frost for a twelverionths ? TALKING of refrigeration, I am told that one of our great master butchering firms turned many an honest pound last summer by means of their refrigerating chambers. Very simply, too. They sent round buyers to the smaller shops at the close of the hot days and bought up all the meat that would not last till .morning. Tons of meat were bought in this way at a penny a pound, put in the ice chambers, and sold at leisure at sixpence. WHATEVER Mr. Munro may prove as a Premier, either as a success or, a failure, we have one supreme satisfaction —he cannot possibly! by any contrivance, be more disastrous than his predecessor, Mr. Gillies. I don't say it in any way out of ill-will to Dimcan, but £ do say that the Coalition Government has bequeathed to the colony a legacy of evil in railway corruption and in (financial muddle which it will take time and trouble'to feurihount. I have hopes! of Mr. Shiels at the railway's, but I have also many fears. The -member for Normanby has the gift of rhetorical fire' works, but he has not as yet shown any of the sturdier qualities required in an administrator. One excellent thing, however, is his determination to stop, once for all, Mr. Speight's practice of receiving deputations. In that one fact lays a host of evil. . The members 'waited on Speight; Speight granted- favours to. the members,, and the members, in turn, voted Speight an increase oi salary for mismanaging the railways and bringing about a' gigantic deficit. . 'WONDJJB of , wonders ! There actually 'two Eoman Cptholicp in the Ministry-^Mr. M'Lean* and filr, Puffy. This is llttile Bhort pf wondpjful. We hkven't had a single Catholic taking ft share in the ^Jovemment of this colony since lg81, when Sir ; JBryan .O'Loghlen formed his Ministry. Mr. Service carefully shut out j every Catholie from tt»e first Coition* aud Mr-. Gillies j^ad-.Jhi, Deakin did the ^ine jood .service for the' second. . The last apd only time John Duff^ held 6ffice was in 1880, in Mr, Service's Government, When Tom ost Bent was jus old colleague, and these has been < a sort of friendly feding. between ^the . twp ; ,ever since.'^ jftmt prebse^ jMjr. imy,luKd.*|us .time iniavb^ufofPoffir.and M^.^iunioJolt unftble ^' resist the pressure / , I'DOK'T sdppose that ilhe two Catholics in' the Cahis^t will be -able 'to dtt any gop^ foBiany.'Oatholio object. Idf fafct, tiwy i fu®,»9t there >u> CatkeUcs; ibiii An piijizei^. . g^lj it is moee pleasant to ihtmftMmm* ^hux tO/Oota.tb^oftft .fterilo treatments nonrwcpgmtidpjgiT«i o everything Catholic by the two last overnments. If tiiis colohyfeturned t air jMbjtorffctf WCatholfes M Parliaent there would be' 23 or 24 Catholics n theABsembly.and every Ministry of welve members would have three. But, s I hare said, in the Ministries which ave ruled Victoria ever since March, 883, though - both- included thirteen embers, not one of them was tainted ith the infection of Popery. ; DID yotii'^EE; Carbine carry<;his.lOst. 1b. to victory in the Cnp P ;; I didn't. wasp't'bnilt^that .wayl,,. Thpre is an ni^o'und part in ^r'vvhic1i, upfits me.fpr^ he full .ap^Teⅈ'tkmpf.Jfft?'t i a piece of Work a horae is. ' Hamlet rayed in his; seini-maiiiaoal fashion about " What a piece of work is liian! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculty! In form and moving how, express and ad-, mirable! . In action how like, an angel! In apprehension how like a gbd ! The beauty of the world! The paragon of animals!" ^But men of; modern tftnes think far'other thoughts. It is the horse now that is the paragon of snimals, and whose "action" is most keenly noted. We have highly-trained, men as well as highly-trained,horses,, it is true. But we give ££$0QQ,a8 Cup prize for Carbine,, while £100 would lie a very liberal prize for the htiman athlete. Carbine, as he van through hiB 39 horses in the shortest time on record, carrying! top weight, was " |the beauty of the worlds ithe paragon of animals," and as his nose went past the post and caught the Judge's eye, a million of money changed owners^ Sut . theire was hone of miiie in it. I, cun not educated up to the' beauties of a cup winner, and for me the betting tobacco shop has no charms. I am like one born out of time. . AIL the acuteness of the strike is past, but the co&sequehceti; remain. And those consequences Will rise up iOme day, just als Caesar's ghost rose and staggered Brutus at Phillippi; It is plain that the shipowners have scored a victory. They have lost little or nothing, while' they have shattered the seamen and officers.. They astutely Used all the other employers, and made eV'ery ' other class suffer, in order that their victory should be more complete. But whal has been settled P Absolutely: ' nothing. The trades all stand round sullenly frowning, and gulping down their indignities as best they cap. No conference, no consultation, nothing but recrimination, and insults. Defeat, is always'bitter, but defeat accompanied With haughty contempt can have but one result—the breeding of a day of treasured vengeance. The trades have been taught r a lesson. And they are keen enough to learn it. They are even now learning it thoroughly. They will take their measures and bide their time: The next ballot-boxes will tell a tale, and I'fancy the next batch of social legislation-will astonish some good people who think the old-fashioned thought, .that "a man may do what he likes with his own." Fiat justitiq mat caelum ! I was never ip sympathy with Colonel Price, but justice demands the admission that the gallant colonel was slandered. When he £sbed his riflemeh to fire low and lay out people, he did not'use* a lot of low language as was attributed to him. People said-he talked like a common blackguards and the stories were repeated everywhere. Colonel . Price challenged hi8 accusers, and none came. The sneaking slanderers still sneaked under their' covers, and all the direct evidesee Veht H to -favBtir the ac6 : iised. Let Us' frankly admit 'that, however foolish the colonel may have been to use the words he did, he was toot, at the same time, a gutter snipe, fair play is bonny play. I Quite believe that the deril ;may not be so black as he is painted. j . Will. Mr. Dow biherge from his (new trouble as well as he mi from the' old one P I could well wish for him that he might. But> all the. same,.when a man is so incurablyeasy-goingthathe goe$ about saying yes' to everything - everybody asks of him, he ought not to hold posts of trust and consequ^nce. He may b'e "indifferent to meet,"'as thitt^s go; but there is a iack of motal stamtna in his Very bonielessness.'' Poor Dow! •: If the whole world «ould: be. resolved • into a holiday, with Po w chief. story-teller, «11 would he bliss with him. == Emmou) dDras^-kt the jKrtriet XJMirt Cn Wednesday, BobertPhill^B, 3»in Wdl.Balm^ Allan andJaok Cohen .wereea^hvfioBd^GO^ /with ^^s.-isbajtai; for ^ncyingtm : J>ettm» in their tobacqcyiist'aahopa. At'thia Btage the Crown IProBMirtor intimated t&at; he would be.aaiis£ed,^£b.i^ight«r :p^n^tiea, and on e 6imilar chOTi [ HMry P^nham, Jphn H 