Football Notes. : (Bx TaokIiB-Low). -?^UNYAS T. PADDINGTON B. The above match took place on the local, reserve on Saturday last, and resulted, as I anticipated, in a fast and exciting game. Tho Buuyas were considerably weakened by Beveral of their best players being either ibseut or indisposed. The Padilingtons, also, wero not as Btrong as usual, their best player, Gorrin, suffering severely with a bad hand. But it must bo said they have profited by the lesson received last Saturday, as evidenced by the vastly superior pluy ut the closo of the matuh. Before proceeding with an account of the match, it is necessary to sny something of tho unusually boisterous hooting Indulged in by the spectators. Never before in Toowoomba has a team had to contend so severely with this nuisance as the Bunyas on Saturday. It is certainly n, disheartening task whou any particularly brilliant play is^cknowledged by a burst of hoots and* groans which entirely drowns tho few oncouraging cheers which greet it. Tho subject has been before referred to, but as no good effect is forthcoming, the attempts at abolishing such ungeutlcmanly conduct seem utterly futilo. The Puddingtons won tho toss and elected to kick against tho wind. The ball was set in motion by L. Williams, and closoly followed by the Bunya forwards who Boon made things very lively for tho Fuddington backs. Somo vory closely packed scrums took place in tho latter teain'B twenty five, frjm whonco tho ball was soldom shifted. Some very protty dodgy runs by HonnesBy and Porter failed to produce any advantage until from a throw iu F. Boys cleverly crossod tho lino, securing first try tor tho Bunyas. Tho kick at noaij though a good ono, was unsuccessful. 1110 Paddingtons playing desperately followed up a kick which was missed by Williams, and Padget securing coinmonced a lively race for the Bunya line. John O'Connell being engaged in attondinp to a vory soro kueo, and thoso who pursued Padget not having enough foot, ho planted tho ball fnirly botweon tho posts, Tho kick at goal, though vory simple, was unsuccessful and shortly afterwards half timo was called. Scorer/ Viunyu 2, Padding ton 2. v'/^ Play being resumed, both teams did their utmost to win. All efforts woro howovor futilo for BOino timo, tho Paddingfeons gaining an advantago at 'one moment only to bo foiled . by tho groiul, rushes of tho Bunya forwards the next, At ono timo tho Bunya lino was dangerously menaced when Williams, securing the ball, literally ran from his position of fullback to tho Paddingtons' twenty five. Indeed Williams' play on Satur day should entitle him to a position amongst thi! best players in Toowoomba and lead to au oxchaugo of positions with Kenyon in tho Bi'isbuuo matches, as thorn can bo no doubt that he plays a bettor threo-quarlor than a full bank game, which is suying 11 good den). Thus the gumo proceeded, tlio ball being forrod by shoor hard work by tho Padiliogtons to tho Bunya twenty five, thence returned by tho efforts o£ tho liunya forwards, supplemented by somo very usoful runs by Heunessy, Higgina, Potter ond ?Williams, At tho oloao of tho match tho ball was forced slowly and surely into tho Paddington's twenty five, whore, from a throw in, Brown very adroitly crossed tho lino. Tho kick at goal was again untuccoisful and timo was shortly afterwards called. Scores — Bunya, four; Paddington, two, thus leaving tho Bunyas victors by; two points. For tho Paddingtons, H. Pudget, P. Doyle, Crow, HopgooVl, McDonald, and Crichloy pluyod undoubtedly the best games. For tho Bunyns, amongst tho backs tho most noticeable wero Williams, Hennessy, Higgins, Portorand O'Connell. Tho forwards as usual worked very hard and it would be invidious to particu'ariso any player. Amongst tho Bunya forwards I notico Tim Agar was pUying, and on making enquiries find that he has cant in his lot with them sinco the Aubifrny B team gave up the ghost. He plnys a better half-back than forward gamn, but put him whero thoy will I have no doubt he will do his duty. Mr. C! Parnacott gave overy satisfaction as umpire, i Next Saturday the team clioscn to play the Brisbane minors try conclusions with a team of the next 18 juniors, when all who find it convenient nre requested to pnt in an appear ance. I nin also requostcd to remind the select 15 that practises tako plice on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, with club runs on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday night*, next wook. 