PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNUAL CONFERENCE. FibstDay. The Sooth Australian Primitive Methodist Conference commenced it* annul sittings on Friday morning, February 21. in the Moonta Mine* Primitiye Methodist Sohoolroom. A number oi the memben of the diitrlot and other committee* met and tranahoted -the! basinea* associated with the various com mittees. The Rev. Hugh Gilmore was voted to the ohair, and the Key. W. Dlment was elected Secretary. The report showed that there are In the Colony 2? minister*, 19? local preachers, 87 slats leaden, 114 Churches, ana 21 other preaohlng-blaoes. The nnmber of memben is2,935, Sabbath-schools 9?, teacher* 808, and. aoholara 5,710,. the, total .adherent* being8,840. .The nnmber of mtrUsit*22,and the present Value of Cbnroh property £87,380 Oe. 6d. . The amonttt paid off daring tbe year wm £71018it.5d«,' In tbe afternoon the memben of the Itine rant Preaoher** Friendly Sooiety met. The Bey. £L GilmoreJ oooopied the ohair. The Scoretary '(Bey, J.. Goodwin) presented a report, and read correspondence7 ahd a draft of proposed legislation from Rngland. - At the oloae of the 8ooiety'a meeting ah Informal meeting was held to ponalder the legislation referred to, whloh will; if it becomes law, materially affeot all the miniaters in the dis trict who have not travelled twenty yean ! and are not memben Of 'the Itinerant! Preaohen' Friendly Sooiety, as tnelr nbt ] being memben of the above Sboiety will preolnde them from participating in benefits arising from the Superannuated Ministers', Widows', and Orphans' Fond, 1 On Friday evening a large congregation assembled in the Moonta Mines Chnrohto hear the. conference sermon; which was preached by the Bev. A. J: Burt. of Broken BUL Bis address was of an interesting and impressive charaoter, and'was based upon Mark U, 9—"Thy etna be .forgiven thee. . ., Arise." In the coarse of hi* disoouree the reverend gentleman stated that the founda tion of Church life wae'anbjeotive rather than objective. The very reason for tbe existence of oar Church life and pur pose—the sole inspiration in striving 'tp make our Church life felt and our purpose effected—are alike a spiritual experience and oontained in the text, " Thy ' sins be forgiven thee." Primitive Methodists have a personal living Saviour able to speak forgiveness, and that word baa bean spoked and its effeot felt. From this spiritual ex perience arises a priesthood standing between a sin-pardoning God and a pardon-needing world—a ecbool of prophets—whose open vision onuses them to speak on.the authority of their own sonli, an enthronement of kings by faith all in response to the Master's word " Arise," and who forget their priesthood in considering Bis, who forget the dignity of the messenger in being thoroughly possessed by the message, and wno forget their kingship In exalting BIb, Second Day. The mixed conference met in the Mines Church on Saturday morning at 9 o'clock. TheRev.T. Weatberillopenedtheprooeedinga by oonduotlng devotional exeroieei, after whloh the Rev. J. H. William* and William Diment led the oonference in prayer. In the abaenoe of the ex-President, the Rev. John Watson, who ha* returned to England, the Rev. J, G. Wright, ex-Vioe- Pieaident, took the chair pro tern. Then followed the reoep tionof delegates as follows:—General com mittee delegate—Rev. T. Weatherill. Ade laide—Rev. J. G. Wright. North Adelaide —Rev. Hugh Gilmore, D. R. Goldsmith, and H. Bower. Norwood—Rev. S. Wellington and J. L. Bottrlll. Parkside—Rev. John Good win and W. W. Winwood. Mount Barker Revs, R. J, Daddow, E. Hender, and Henry Daddow. Koorlnga—Rev. 8. Gray, T. Hut ohins, and J. Chenoweth. Salisbury—Rev. H. Holmes, W. Quick, and J. P. Rowe. Saddleworth — Rev. W. R. Stephenson. Strathalbyn—Rev. W. Jarrett, H. Waters, and G. Sissons. K ad In a—Rev. J. J. Salmon, C. Trenberth, and P. Barbary. Woodelde— Rbv. W. Diment. Gawler—Rev. W. T. Wiltshire, T. Gregory, and J; Billing. Moonta—Rev. T. Weatherill, Wi B. Clarke, and T. Cornelias. RedhiU —Rev. H. Hartley and E, Gale. Mallala — Rev. A. W. Wellington, G. Johnson, and T. Sutton, xongala — Rev. H. J. Parkinson, T. Selby. and J.: MdPherson. Prospect—Rev. J, H. Williams and R; Haok. Wellington—Rev. R. - J.' Daddow and J. Hender. Broken Hill—Rev. A. J. Borland E, PenbaU. Port Adelaide—Rev; 8. Ray mond and G; Davie*.: Laura—G. Thiselton. Eapnnda — Rev. T. Theobald■' and S. Wilson. Morgan — Rev,' J. V. Lawton. Dawson—Rev. T. Allen ■ and : A. fiodda. Port Bronghton—Rev. H. Parkinson and A. R. Ramsay. Kanmantoo—R.' Jaokson. Mannnm — Rev. A. N. McDonald. Two Wells—Rev. H. J. Pope. Dlstriotoommittee delegate—Rev. J. H. Williams. District building committee delegate—Rev. H. J, Pope. The meeting then proceeded to the eleotion of officers, with the following resnlt:—Presi dent of the Conference, Rev. Hugh Gilmore; Vice-President, Rev. John Goodwin; Secre tary, Rev. William Diment; Assistant-Secre tary, Rev. William Jarrett; Sheet Secre taries, Revs. W. R. Stephenson and R. Jaokson; Letter Writers, Rev*. A. W. Wellington and S, Raymond: Readers, Revs, S. Gray and S. Wellington: Doorkeepers, Messrs. T. Cornelius and W. B, Clarke; Reporters, Revs. W. T. Wiltshire and R. J. Daddow; Seoretary, Rev. J. H. Williams, The new President, who wai nnani mouily elected to the position, briefly expressed his thanks for the hononr paid him. He wonld endeavour to diicharge the dntiea relating to the position to the beat of his ability. He hoped the brethren wonld remember that they had met together to transact business, and that they wonld aid him to pnsh the bnainee* forward. The Rev. J. G. Wright moved—"That this oonferenoe give a moat hearty welcome to the Rev, Hugh Gilmore to hie labours in this oolony." The mover referred to the nanal custom of presenting a welcome to new ministerial arrivals, bat now welaomed Mr. Gilmore not merely beoanee it was onatomary, bat beoause he felt that he was jnet the man they required. He recognised the hand of God in the ooming of Mr. Gilmore, who had done more for their cause at North Adelaide and who gathered larger congregations whore ever he went than any man who had come into their midst. The motion was briefly seconded and sup ported by the Revs. 8. Rayuohd and J. Goodwin respectively, and was oarried with aoclamation. The Rev. Hugh Qilmors, In hie reply, ex pressed himself as being mhob obliged for the resolution the oonference • had inat passed concerning bim. HO felt himself almost an old colonist now. Prom the very first he hkd realized himself at home, and from Ms fust associations with the Primitive Methodiatsjof this oolony he had experienced that he was not a stranger. He desired that ho spirit of rivalry ehonld exist. He oame not as a rival amongst them, bnt as a brother, and he hoped they wonld take him as snch. He would always »eek to exalt the labonri of hie brethren. He waa glad that he oame to the oolony, end he eonll tell them that he era* AO.* a registered oitizen. He rejoloed beoanie them was a freer and larger life there than In England, where great aooial disabilities existed. If his work was of any valne to Booth Australian Primitive Methodism they were heartily welcome to it He trusted that the Primitive Methodists of this land wonld not be led away by the foolish rumours that existed in the city and else where in reference to his leaving the Primi tive Methodist Churoh. He was too closely identified With them to be other than a Primitive I Methodist. He hoped .that his coming was acoordlng to the providence of God. His glory, wonld be to .make (the Primitive. Methodist Churoh a powerful factor in building up a great nation in rids land. jLond applause.) The hours of meeting were fixed st from 9 a.m. to 12.30 p.m., and from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. A letter of sympathy was sent to the Dis trict Treasurer (Mr.. W. Dlment), sympa thizing with him in his increasing years, nd oonsequent inability to be present at the conference. The Connexional Funds were considered and dealt with. The station reports were received and considered; and all decreases strictly enquired into. The Diatriot Committee's report was pre sented by the Bev. J, H. WilllamB,.ahd in it the following items were referred to The return from England of the Bev. John Good win, the advent of the Rev. Hugh Gilmore, and the death of the Bev. B. Carr. A letter was received from the Newcastle Primitive Methodist diatriot expressing', good wishes, and stating that for the past year ao increase of fifty-seven members waa reported. It waa resolved that a letter reciprocating the kind wishes should be tent In return. The reports of other committees were re ceived and duly considered. The present year being the Jnbilee year, of Primitive Methodism in Booth Australia, the Bev. 8ahuel Gbay, in a short- appropriate address, moved—"That a-Jnbilee Fund be formed." This was unanimously oarried. It waa farther resolved that the moneys raised go towards the extinction of the Distriot Committee and missionary debts, - The Bev. J. G. Wright was appointed agent, and it was deoided that he be relieved from all Circuit work, Thibd Day, The conference reassembled at 9 o'clock on Monday morning. The reports of the oustodiaa of deeds and Book Depot and Distriot Chapel Committees wen read and adopted. The book depot was shown to be in a satisfactory position. It waa decided that a committee arrange with the trustees of the Eapunda And Endnnda properties for the sale of these trusts. It was also resolved that the minister interview the members of the Societies and credential them to the Chnrohes they desire to join. Permission was given to eell the Greenwith Churoh property.. xne Morgan atuse oeing in nnanoiu aim onltiei it wu reaolved that those trasts favourably olroumatanoed should be appealed to through the quarterly meetings to become responsible for a poition of the debtonthe above-named trust property. At this stage of the conference the follow ing unsolicited telegram was reoeived from tbe Broken Hill Primitive Methodist Churoh offioials " Resolution passed laet night this meeting regrets paragraph Christian Colonist refleotlng on Rev. A. J. Burt, and wish to assure the oonferenoe of the untruthfulness of statement made, and that Mr. Bart has. the fullest oonfidenoe of this Churoh and congre gation. W. J. L. Polmear, pro S.J. Corner, Circnit Steward." After the reading of this telegram it was resolved—" That having reoeived a telegram from the congregation at Broken Hill repudiating the paragraph whioh recently appeared in the Ohristian Colonist refisoting upon the Rev, A, J. Burt, and ex pressing their unshaken oonfidenoe in him, we also desire to reoord our admiration of bis devotion and aelf-saorifioing labour." This resolution was oarried with thorough unanimity. I '■ . . A committee was appointed to take suoh steps as shall be deemed neoessary to strengthen and consolidate the. Primitive Methodist Societies. in" the Red hill, Port Brcughton, and Laura Stations. Li order to strengthen the Port.Broughton Station <it' was decided to' add Bute Society to it. It'was also resolved' to employ extra ministerial labour in the Parkeide Citonlt. The question of .'taking up Port Pirle as a new mission was . remitted to the -committee appointed to consider the position of the RedhiU, Port Broughton, and Laura Stations. At this point of the oonferenoe a discussion, useful and interesting, on the work of God throughout the district took place. The Rev. John Goodwin, in an appropriate address, introduced the discus gion. The Rev. T. Wkathbbill moved— V That this meeting desires to place on record an expression of its gratitude to Almighty God for His goodness to ne during the past year; but we regret that a decrease of members is reported, and we urge eaoh of the Circuits to pray for a copious outpouring of the Holy Spirit, and to labour for a vast extension of the Redeemer's kingdom daring the ensuing year." The Rev. J. G. Weight seconded, and tbe Revs. Hugh Gilmobe, H. J. Pope, S. Quay, and W. Diment aup ported. The report of the Examining Committee was received and adopted. It showed that tbe Revs. T. Allen and H. Parkinson passed with great oredit for the second and fourth years respectively. Messrs. T. Theobald and J. V. Lawton having passed the candidates' examination very successfully were reoom mended as candidates for the ministry, and the Rev. H. Parkinson having oompletea his probation was recommended to the fully approved list. The Rev. A. N. McDonald having had extra labours in connection with the founding of a new mission during the past year did not appear for examination, hot was permitted to oome np for two examinations next year. Tbe first reading of stations was proceeded with, bat was not oompleted. Dnringtheday Messrs. B. Jeffrey and J Whellum were reoeived as delegates. The conference tea meeting was held In the Moonta Mines Primitive Methodist sohool room on Monday evening. There was ■ numerous attendance. After the tea th; annual oonferenoe home mission meeting was held in the Churoh in the presenoe of a large congregation. Mr. H. Bower, of North Adelaide, presided, and contributed . an earnest address. Addresses were also given by the Rev. H. J. Pope on "Holy Ghost Power and the Fatherhood of God. by the Rev. S. Wellington on " How to save Man, and by the Rev. J. G. Wright on "The Triumphs of the Gospel." During the evening the Secretary of the Missionary Committee, the Rev. J. H. Williams, presented the annual report, which showed that in missionary enterprise the denomination was aggressive, and although (he mission stations as a whole In this colony were not strong yet they were endeavouring to cops successfully with their many difficulties. A warm tribute was paid to the oolonial missionaries who had laboured hard under trying circumstance*. A vote of thanks to tne friends who had provided homes for the delegates was moved by the Rev. John Goodwin, and seconded by Mr. G. Thisblton. The Chnroh choir during the evening contributed musical eeleotiona under Mr. J. Hodge. Fourth Day. It was decided that ae Mount Barker had taken the oversight of the Wellington sta tions, the name of Wellington be dropped from the list of stations. The state of the chapels was read and considered satisfactory. The trustees of properties not insured were urgently requested to get them insured. It was also decided to remit the queBtfoa of forming a South Australian Primitive Metho dist Insurance Society to the Distriot Chapel Committee, a report to be presented to the next conference. The Missionary Allooatfon Committee's report was read and adopted, and levies for the Distriot Chapel Fund were fixed. The Rev. John Watson, of Chester, Eng land, was eleoted delegate to the next English Conference, and the Rev. George Warner, of St. Austell, Cornwall, England, was appointed vice-delegate. Missionary deputations in aid of the Home Mission Funds were appointed. The final reading of stations was proceeded with, resulting as followsAdelaide, John Gibbon Wright; North Adelaide, Hugh Gil more; Norwood, Stephen Wellington; Park side, John Goodwin, Walter Howohin (sup.): Mount Barker, Henry Hartley, Edward Tear (sup.): Kooringa, Robert J. Daddow; Salisbury, Samuel Gray; Saddle worth, W.R. Stephenson: Strathalbyn, Wil liam ' Jarrett; Kadina, Joseph J. Salmon; Woodside, William Diment; Gawler, William T. Wiltshire: Two Wells, Henry J. Pope; Moonta, Thomas Weatherill; Redhill, Henry Holmes; Mallala, Arthu^ W. Wellington; Yongala, Henry J. Parkin son ; Prospeot, James H. Williams; Broken Hill, Arthur J. Bnrt; Port Adelaide, Samnel Raymond; Laura, Thomas Theobald; Kapunda, left with the Missionary Com mittee ; Morgan, John Wills; Dawson, John P. Lawton; Port Broughton, Archibald M. MoDonald; Kanmantoo, Rtohard Jaokson; Mannnm, Hemy Patkinsou; South Broken Hill, Thomas Allan. The Rev. W. Diment wa9 appointed the general committee delegate for the next con ference. A statement was made by the Rev. Mr. Diment concerning the local denominational magazine, whioh was ooneidered highly satis factory. It was resolved that a letter be sent to Mr. George Robinson, of Caltowie. expressing the sympathy of the conference with him In his illness mid consequent inability to attend the conference meetings. A hope was expressed that he would shortly be restored to his aoonitomed health. The question of the intercolonial conference came nnder discussion. It was decided that it be held in the Wellington-square Churoh, North Adelaide, early in Ootober. The balls of representation for this oolony is for ministers and six laymen, as fixed by the English Conference. The Revs. Hugh Gilmore, J. G. Wright, W. Diment, and J. Goodwin, were elected as ministerial dele gates, with Revs. J. H. Williams, H. J. Peps, T. Weatherill, and S. Wellington, as their vice The election ot laymen was post poned to the following day. The Rev. J. G. Wright having oatefully considered the matter of his appointment as agent for the newly Initiated Jubilee Fund desired on account of his advancing years and the heavy labours and continuous travell ing associated with the position, to present his resignation as the said agent. To this the conference with regret agreed. The resolu tion that an agent be appointed for this fund was rescinded, and it was deoided that there should bo several SeoretarieB, with a Chie Secretary as the recognised head, The details of the matter were referred to a oom mittee to report at a latter stage of the con ference. It was arranged thatthe next annual confer ence should be held in the Morphett-streeb Church, Adelaide, oa February 21,1891. 