Dr Gabriel's Experiment » - Dr. Gabriel's experiment with its extra ordinary result has been thoroughly sifted by many learned and scientific societies' Indeed, I believe the whole scientific world has at last been forced to accept, if not to understand, the facts in connection with it. It is not so, how ever, with the outside world-the lay public; exaggerated accounts have found their way into the daily papers ; rapacious contributors to weekly light literature have eagerly seized upon the weird truth to build upon it a tower of sensational fiction; writers of leading articles, totally ignorant of the true story, have gone so far as to accuse those directly concerned, of wilful fraud To those who have known dr. Gabriel and hare enjoyed hfe friwidsMn; to those who have P6®11 h feW-workers m science and have learned <» apjnwiate- fits- gwiihs, these mis- understands, these ridiculous exaggerations, are especially painful It is, then, under-such circumstances that I have been requested to write clearly , and as far M possible without the use of scientific terms,all that is known of this remarkable experiment; I i I'r- Gabriel Ins been well known in medical ; circles as the rising oculist of St. Joseph's , Hospital. H?s indefatigable onts have largely j added to the htorature of his speoial subject, j His my obligations and' experiments in" optics and the surgery of tho eye. have placed him in ; the front rank ef his profession and have | secured for him & lasting reputation. Our acquaintance; I regret to sav, was not extensive ; occasionally we have met at the j house of his colleague, . Dr. Benson, sometimes | in the hunting field, and rarely in society. There is no necessity to describe his personal appearance, suffice it to say that it needed but i a glance to assure one that he was- a man of ! keen intellect and a gentleman. His manner, | always courteous, was somewhat too reserved to | please moat people, although among hisiiitimate j friends this reserve wa3 found to cover a mmfl ! of humor and good nature. ; From Dr. Benson. I have learned much con cerning the oculist's- private, life, his work at the hospital, his iuventions and experiments | and the esteem in which he was held "by his- colleagues. A little more than a year ago Dr. Gabriel married the beautiful daughter of a celebrated artist, a girl who, without being in the least degree a blue stocking, had received a far higher education than most English women. She interested herself greatly in her husband's studies, and by her artistic abilities was en abled to be. of considerable service to him in preparing drawings to illustrate his great work on the " Eye." Much of her. time was spent in such useful labour. No wonder, then, these two were more united than the majority of married people. Although Mrs. Gabriel's beauty was of such a high order as to have made it an easy matter for her to" reign as a leading star in Bociety, society's prizes had no temptation for her. Entirely devoted to her husband and big work, her happiness was perfect. Truly Dr. Gabriel was a fortunate man to have won such a companion in toil and recreation ! But their happiness was short lived. They had been married but one year — one year of unbroken gladness— when, the summer session having passed Dr. Gabriel put science and practice entirely away, and prepared to spend his month's vacation hi Alpine climbing. TTia wife never hesitated to share this toilsome pleasure ; strong and robust, it was just tbe exercise most fascinating to her energetic nature. The story of her fate is a 6hort one. One morning the daily papers contained a short account of "another frightful accident in the Alps." Mrs. Gabriel and a guide were killed by a mas3 of falling rock. Dr. Gabriel, though much injured, recovered. On his return to England he gave up all professional work.. A ghastly change had taken place. In his hag gard face and grey hair few could recognise the great oculist who had been the picture of strong and energetic manhood. TTi$ collogues and fellow-professors endeavoured to persuade him to return to his practice and hospital work, but in vain. He would see but few friends, and. for some time Dr. Benson only was ad mitted. This excellent man was much alarmed at his condition, but failed to arouse the widower from the despondent state into which he hadf alien. Weeks passed, and still no signs of improve ment appeared. Dr. Gabriel's occlusion became even more profound, so that it was with difficulty Dr. Benson could obtain access . to him. B amours were circulated that the shock ©f : his wife's death, and the injuries he himself had sustained had affected his mind, but these re- j ports were emphatically denied by those friends ! who were successful in obtaining anaudienca. The household servants, too, declared that be yond his excessive reserve there was i»nbfng unusual in his manner. They said he spent most of his time in his laboratory, where he frequently remained the whole day and the greater part of the night, and was evidently absorbed in an experiment of great interest Let me here introduce myself ia order to ex plain the part taken by meia the events which followed. I will first state that Ihava no con nection whatever with the medical profession. Being of independent means and of a somewhat : scientific turn, I have devoted much tune1 to the Btudy of photography, especially those - ! branches so seldom attempted tor amateurs, i viz. , enlarging and reproducing. In this way I have been able to be of service to many emi- ; nent histoiogiBts and microscopists— including my friend Dr. Benson — men who have no tone : ; to register the result of their researches by this means themselves. The work has en inde scribable fascination for me ; I have studied under the most celebrated professors of photo graphy both in this conntry and onthe Conti nent, and I think I can say without vain: boasting that I can- hold my own against any amateur or professional in- this art. By this means I became acquainted with many col leagues of Dr. Gabne!, and from them heard, many details of his works. Oenight.aftera meeting of the Histological Society, we were re-diocussing the speech of the evening, when Dr. Benson, . who had been called away an hour or two previously, re toraed, his genial countenance preternaturally ' grave and anxious. He soon told as that he-had just come from Dr. Gabriel, who had become suddenly and unaccountably stone blind ! Such announcement at once stopped ail further dis cussion on the "cholera bacillus" the subject of the meeting; and Dr. Benson was eagerly questioned for further information. "The case completely baffies me," said the physician. "Dr. Gabriel declares that on awaiting this morning he found that he had entirely lost his sight — he appears totally unable to distinguish light from darkness. I have carefully ex amined the optic disks with the opthalmoBcope," continued he, " without being able to make out the- faintest change in retina, and there are no symptoms which would lead one to believe he had sustained any cerebral lesion. I have . - never been so puzzled by any case in my life." Many thedries to account for this phenom enon were &t; once advanced by some of the younger men present, most of them holding that the blindness resulted from mischief set up j in fbe.bram by too accident id the AJps. To j this Dr. Benson eoaW not ajgrde, fcis gveat ex- : perfence m these cases leading him ; to expect ifltaKptofss which were conspicuous by their absence in Dr. GabrieTs mTsfrriune. | , There is a remarkable mental condition. . here," added the doctor, which, although it » does not bear upon the question from a path- jcftogieal point of view, iff as interesting. "«irorising as it'ffiinexpticable. Hie fhiri Dr. Gabriel, in losing hie right, has also lost all ? melancholy, all his former depressiQii of spirits ; ; in fact, he has quite returned to his natural cheerful condition. During my short interview he never once expressed any regret at this . crowning oalamity; and, although fally con- : vineed tfiat he would- never see again, he ap peared hi no way distressed," i There were many grave feccs and agtiificant ; nods as Dr. £teos j fhejr believed him mad. Thne prefved that neither Dr. Gtirielh ex- ;tra(wdinary return of cheerfulness nor his loss of sight was of % transitory nature ; both were 'perfectly incomprehensible. Thers was one I thing, however, evident enough to toe- na- ( educated as well as to the professional eye— it , wus that m spite- of the great improvement in | spirits our friend's health was- rapidly" and surely failing. This decline was as mysterious as the blindness. Those who believed they had ; traced the latter to cerebral lc-emn, the result of I toe accident, declared the former to be-quite m i accordance with their diagnosis. Whatever it was, this fact remained, Dr. Gabriel was steadily sinking. One day a messenger brought me the folio w- ; ing letter from Dr. Benson : — Dear A. : In a few hours Gabriel will be uo more. I have received from him a sealed \- document, in which, he states, will be found in- : formation that may offer some explanation as to ; the cause of his blindness. He desires a post- j mortem examination to be made upon "his body immediately after death, if possible. He fully believes that some thing of unparalleled interest will be dis- ; covered should the examination bs carefully conducted. In order that it may be as com- ; plete as possible, he wishes any abnormal dis covery to be at once photographed. For many ; reasons it is undersirable to employ a pro- ' fessional photographer. Hnotving that you : have much spare time, I venture to feel sure you will assist us in this matter. If you have ino ofher engagement, please hold yourself in readiness to start at a moment's notice. Ia haste, yours sincerely. Hekbt Benson. I readily agreed to give my services when ever they might be required, and prepared such | apparatus as I was accustomed to use on similar occasions. Early one morning Dr. Benson called for me on his way to Gabriel's house. He had just received information that the poor, oculist was in articulo mortis. We arrived a few minutes before tbe end. Quietly we entered the darkened chamber. How difficult it was to | believe that those intelligent eyes, even in these | last moments so lustrous and deep, could be | absolutely 'sightless; wide open, they were ! turned, as if searchingiy, upon the face of the physician, as with his fingers lightly on the patient's hand he leaned over the bed. But there was no redaction of the doctor's grave and anxious look — a peaceful smile spread over I the handsome features, flickered for a moment, and there Temained stereotyped in death. , Sadly we left the room and joined a few pro- i fessional friends who, like myself, had. been ; invited to attend. Dr. Benson then produced | the sealed document- mentioned in his letter, and i read aloud as follows : — ' My experiences during the past few months ; have been so abnormal — in every respect so inexplicable and apparently so far beyond the bounds of human reasoning, that, believing I ; should be regarded as a madman were I to i publish them, I earnestly request that the facts which I am about to relate may be hidden from all but those present at the autopsy, should the I examination of my dead body fail to bring forth confirmatory evidence. It is now i many months since toe accident in the Alps severed me from my dear wife. The sunshine of my existence was changed to the darkest gloom of despondency. No twilight of fading health broke the suddenness with which the night fell upon me. My own injuries were not as serious at have been supposed, and I do not believe my present con dition is in any way connected with them. The brain concussion and shock impaired my mental faculties in one respect only — I could never perfectly recall my wife's face. For hours I tried to conjure up her image, to form a dream picture without success. Her portraits were to me as likenesses of some other woman. There were her features certainly — the shape and pose of her beautiful head— but not she — not my darling. The phantoms of those long for gotten old schoolfellow patients, hosts of ' casual acquaintances, would pass before me with maddening distinctness; but the one who had made my life of monotony a brief era of happiness was hidden even from my mind's eye. For a few weeks I returned to professional duties and endeavoured to forget my misfor tunes in hard work; Whatever success I achieved in the day was undone at night. Sleep . came but fitfully— no dream gave even a shadowy glimpse of the happy past. , " It was about this time I experienced a re markable sensation, by what means produced I cannot say. Certain I was that occasionally, in the room, at my elder, banding over ; r me, waiting, watching, was my wife's ; eoul, spirit, or whatever the immor tal form may be. No- physical sign existed, , no sound, nothing visible or tangible, yet the conviction was - overwhelming r Never a believer in things supernatural, I fought resolutely against the idea, till at length, con vinced in spite of reason, I devoted all my energies to the study of psychology- and its literature, in feeble hope of arriving at the mystery's solution. Volume after volume I threw aside in disgust Hundreds of cases somewhat si miliar to mine I found recorded, and as many ridiculous theories advanced to account few them, but not one that would' bear scientific investigation. Who would credit my story ? Who would not believe me to .be the victim of a morbid imagination ? "A clue, however, came at last, and from a most unexpected quarter. Once while sitting in my study I felt the indescribable- sensation slowly stealing over me ; all excitement and horror had-long passed, fin: these 1 visitations' were now frequent. I only longed once more to behold my beloved wife. I looked up from toe book I was reading, vainly seeking too invisible fonn. The night was far advanced — every thing was still, sot a rilr or rustle dis turbed the silence. Presently the sound of a slight splash caused me to glance in toe .direction of a small globe aquarium placed in a far corner of the room. I was surprised to observe toe evident agitation of the golden carp it contained. That they were extremely terrified I detected in a moment, having studied their habits very closely. Yet there was no-apparent cause for 6uch excitement. It was impossible that toe slight movement in raising my head could produce such an effect No cat,, dog, or other animal was in the apart ment. Was it possible that the 'presence. hidden from me was visible to these lower creatures? t Nightafter night I carefully watched tiietiny ; aquarium. On each occasion, the disturbance ; among its ooeupante was , coincident witk the ( phenomenal sensations i' "Hot was food for reflection! a possible ' means of grasping toe grind secret of' toe . supernatural. The task was now to find in ' what respect toe vision of ihefe fiafedfiffeM from 'our own. . "Now thevsanse of right ft the perception of : light and shade. Colour ft bat a part of light, I for the ordinary white sola light is a combina- i tiomof all the colours of the spectrum. More- rover, it is a feet that what light ft passed I through a prism, and broken up into toe beau- tifui colours, of. the raanbew, these are rays beyond the red and Violet ends which are quite ; imperceptible, to us, but that thtey do exist can ; be demonstrated by their effects upon certain j chemicals. The sensitive plate of a camera re- j cmvea toeuLBad sfaowe toe presence of "celestial | bodies whose beams have no effect upon I toe human retina. Thus photographs i are taken of' suns which have long ceased to | shine; kettles of boiling water can be photo- j .graphed in toe dark. Therefore, wn must i admit our own eyes are but Tory imperfect , j peccrivem. But how about the so-ealled fewer animals ?' Has not one of our most calibrated I living, naturalists proved by his experiments j upon, ants that these insects are clearly sensitive J to rayB beyond toe violet?- What they see is j probably a colour perfectly inconceivable to us. | &: it. not possible that the so-termed ghost- reers' may be gifted with retinas -sensitive, to these ultra, rays ? Would not thi« theory-account , for many remarkable cases of persons beholding ' apparitions, and in which, circumstantial evi dence seems to point to the honesty of those visited ? Because we cannot as yet understand these phenomena we call' tliem. delusions.' Mast it ever be beyond the power of science to supply us with a means of increasing our sense of sight in this direction ? 11 Such were the questions suggested by tho splash of a tiny goldfish ! To answer them in a practical way was the task I now set myself. I determined- to carry out an elaborate series of experiments upon the visual apparatus offish ; taking into consideration the changes light must undergo in passing through the refracting media of the curved glasses of the aquarium and the bubbling water it contained. My goal was to see the unseen — to construct an ap paratus which should enable the human eye to perceive the ultra rays. Whether I succeeded or no can be proved only upon the dissecting table. Perhaps, after all, I am mad, and the phenomena which I am about to relate are hut hallucinations of a morbid mind. "I do not intend to describe in detail the progress of this novel study, nor to disclose the various discoveries which enabled me to succeed after many weary failures. "The startling and altogether unsuspected consequences of my success compel me to believe that I have overs epped toe moral bounds of science, and that I should be increasing my guilt were I to enable others to follow in my path. It must be sufficient "for me to say that the medium I constructed through which I was to behold the dead was, to all appearances, an arrangement of coloured lenses. It was not long before I had an opportunity of testing my discovery. One night I awoke with the con sciousness that my. wife was present. I even knew that she was bending over me. I could almost imagine her breath upon my cheek. My optical apparatus lay on a table within easy reach — with a palpitating heart I placed it before my eyes. For a moment I" was dazzled : by a brilliant fiaeh of light ; then, clothed in in'-" : describable colours, I beheld the face of my dead ; wife. To give the very faintest idea of these 1 marvellous hues is utterly impossible. They | could no more be imagined then one could con- ceive a new sense. Nothing in our earthly ex perience can give the least notion of their en chanting beauty. Yet the face did not appear unnatural— on tbe contrary, it Beamed per fectly real and substantial. It was my beauti- | ful wife transeendently beautiful. Impulsively I sprang, towards heir, throwing aside the ! lenses in my ecstasy. They fell upon toe floor, shivered to atoms. Yet the brilliant image re- ' mained before ma in all its loveliness. In toe : i excitement of the moment this did not ssem strange. I was in a, semi-delirium. "How long I continued iu this ecstatic; state I cannot telL I remember being, aroused by the opening of the bedroom door and the voice of my valet informing me that it was tj"»« : to arise. I turned in toe direction of the ; sound, but could see nothing bat my wife's features. I did not for a moment suspect toe truth. I believed my sight was temporarily ' impaired, as ia naturally toe case after gazing at an extremely bright object. But before long I awoke to the fact that I was blind to every thing but my wife's imago. . This remained permanently before me, but not in its original hues — still more beautiful tints gradually ec- ; lipsed toe others, probably their complementary colours. This final apparition has never left, me. Whether my lids are closed or opeii, my wife ft always before my ejea. At times I Jeel i her presence, but her voice is dumb forever. "It had never occurred to ma during toe time I was elaborating my experiment that the ultra rays might have an mj urious effect upon the retina. I now believe that these rays of: unusual light have produced a pathological change in this membrane. It is for those who conduct toe examination of my remains to prove by actual demonstration the truth of my story." Dr. Benson laid toe paper onthe table. Some : time elapsed before toe impressive silence was broken Each one present remained absorbed iu reflection upon these extraordinary revela tions. At- last it was suggested that the ghastly object of the meeting should he carried- out. ' This ft not ihe place forma to describe the de tails of ther examination. It is enough to say that as Dr. Gabriel had anticipated, in a part of ' toe retinal membrane of both eyre, what ft ! known as" the 'visual purple" was found to be permanently bleached, forming two. " opto grams," or natural (?) photographs, which clearly defined the outline of a beautiful head. These optograms were immediately enlarged by photography. The.two pictures thus obtained were -placed together and viewed through an ordinary telescope. On looking through toe instrument, as I am doing at this present momenL I see the-dim and misty image of a female head, like an' unfinished sketch of a beautiful model. It ia difficult to believe that it is an. actual photograph of a dis embodied spirit. Yet such it is, and without doubt a witness to the- truth of Dr. Gabriel's story and the success of his experiment. Dr. Gabriel's death remains a mystery. Nothing was found at the examination which could in any way explain it.- —Temple J(?\ 