PORT JACKSON AMATEUR SAILING CLUB. A handicap race was sailed on Saturday afternoon by the boats of the P. J. A. S. Club for a first prize valued at 5s OH, presented by the president of the club (the Hon. George Thornton, M.L.C.), the second, third, and fourth beale receiving £3, £5, and £1 respectively. The conditions of the race were jib and mainsail only, and booming out allowed, the course being; the usual Manly and sailed by this club which extended from a flying start at oUi'i'p.iu., between starter's boat and Fort Denison, down to and round the ii. S. Y. S. buoy at Manly, thence round Shark Island and back to flagboat moored to the southward of Fort Denison. The boats entered, with their handicaps, were as follows: Mantura, Craigielea, Regina, and The G Host, each ' 24ft., scratch: Lottie, 2411.., 1 Emilie; Violet, Atalanta, and Esmeralda, each 22ft., 4 minutes; Isadora and Our 'Turn, each 24ft.. 2 minutes; Scylla and Mrs sillo, each 2111., 0 minutes; Our May, 24ft., 7 minutes; and Iruogouo, 22ft., 0 minutes. The steamer Admiral, under the direction of Mr. O. Hellings, the commodore of the club, followed the contest, and was, as usual, well patronised, although there were a few amongst the party who were very glad when the steamer. after crossing the Heads, had got. into smoother water, the rather rough sea having interfered somewhat with several of the visitors. A noticeable feature of the race was the rather easy win of the Atalanta, which, although only 22ft., disputed every inch of the course Gallott by the 24 -footer Craigielea, this boat bearing the Mantura by 7 seconds for fourth prize. Scylla and Lottie both deserve credit for the way in which they warn handled. With a moderate K.N.K.Jjreuz», and the tide ebbing, the starter lowered the flag to a very good turn, Atalanta being first away on the starboard stretch, followed by Regina, Mantura, Iakcore, Our May, Imogene, Craigielee, Our Tom, 6ojU«»,Maa«ih», The Ghost, and Lottie all together, going off the port tack, Violet cross ing the line several minutes late, Imogene, coming on the starboard tack, threw Our Tom about, both going away on that stretch. Craigielea, with!'. Leach at the tiller, was quickly making her war through the fleet, all working short beards down mid-stream to make the most of the ebb tide. Masailia, while standing aloof from Clark Island on the starboard tack, meeting the Imogene on the port, the latter holding on too long had the misfortune to get her mainsail split the Massilia' putting her bumpkin through It. Any chance she may have bad being now clearly lost her skipper very widely retired after passing Bradley's Head. Craigielea, followed by attracts, had quite outsailed their opponents, Lottie. Mantura, and Regina being the next In order. The breeze now had become somewhat lighter, and was at times nearly easterly. Craigielea, on the starboard tack, brought George's Head. The Atalanta, although to leeward, appeared to be reducing the gap. feeling unable to clear the Head, she had to make a short board, both standing on for Manly. Lottie looked like overhauling both the leaders. Her new laid Is, while on the wind, did not do her justice; they at times were quite inside out, The Montana and Scylla stood across to the eastern shore, and made a lead of it both passing Regina off Middle Head. Atalanta at this time was very close to the Craigielea, and looked like passing her. when off Manly Point and drew up level, but Craigielea being to windward was first to got the breeze, and left her opponent and rounded the buoy at 4h. 32m. 16s., Atalanta following at all. 32m. 40s., Mantura at 4h. 24m. 15s., Lottie 5h. '56m. 20s., Regina 4h. 26in. 86., Scylla 4h. 2:in., Isadora 5h. 57m. 35s., Masailia 5h. 38m. ob«., Kerner adds, Our Tom, Theodor, Violet, and Our May in this order, not timed. On the lead back to Shark Island, and when og the lightship, Maattra drew up level with the Atalanta, but being to leeward was unable to pass her, those two boats sailing side by side until off Shark Beach, when Mentura's skipper watched his opportunity and luffed across his adversary's stern, obtaining weather gauge, was soon iii second place in hot pursuit of Craigielee, which about still led round Shark Island, where ribs were boomed out for the run to the flagboat off Port Denison, Lottie passing Atalanta off the wind ; Isadore treating Scylla H similarly. Violet also improved somewhat while on the run. The flagboat was passed by Craigielea at oh. 17. 19s ; Masters, fib. 57m. 28s., Lottie, fill. 48m. 4s. ; Atalanta, fill. 18in. 40s.; Rema, fill 10d. 40s.; Isadore, 5h. 32m. 28s. ; Scylla, oh. 32m. 29s. Massina, 6-12 2s.; Esmeralda 5h. 5min. 19s. : Violet, Our Tom bringing up the rear. TheN on time allowance Atalanta, sailed by J. Robinson, lakes the president's trophy ; race 116, sailed by K, Miller, the second prize; Lottie, sailed by C. P'. M'Conville, the third; and Craigioloo, with T. Leach in charge, the fourth. Messrs. T. Mulhall and J'. Wright officiated as umpire and timekeeper respectively. 