? ; FOOTBALL. ' ' TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, — -Now that the football season, j as far as this district is concerned, is almost to a close, I wish to draw the attention of the ' powers that be ' to the advisability of forming a ' Foot-, ball Association,' for the Beechworth | cum-Tackandandah district. I think it is absolutely necessary in the in terests of the winter pastime that ' rules and regulations ' for the 'government -of football in this dis- j trict should be drawn up and caaried out to the letter. There are several new clubs in the neighborhood of Y ackandandah, which hiive ' sprung J into existence during the last three months, and if these clubs had a pro per show against teams : of their'Towri;' ; or nearly their own calibre, so that they would have a chance of winning a majority of their games during the season, it would give them an in creased interest in the game, and other clpbs.might be formed; and thus bring the ~ noble gamd,' ' at 1 present languishing, more to the front on this part of sunny Victoria. What has surprised me most in connection with football this season, is this— that; Beechworth, the most, important town in the North-Eastern District, has liad no club. No, the players who are in Beechworth, and who could, with the assistance of a few;of the '' sports ' in that town make a really good team, prefer to go and play with the club at a one-horse place like Hurdle Flat. I 'wonder 'what' the young fellows of Tadmor have been thinking ! about ? Are they like Bruni ? Do they hibernate ? I wonder they have'nt more 'go ' in them, than let a twopenny-ha'penny place like, the Flat take away the honors which ought to be gained by Beechworth. I don't know what to make of our young fellows during the last few years. They are allowing all sports to gradually die out . of their town. Cricket last year was in a state of consumption — rapid decline; in fact, and if it had not been for two or three who stuck to the game, and kept worrying the member to practice, and go away to play matches, the club would have been defunct long before the season closed. 'As for foot ball — the less said about it the better. I am quite disgusted with our young men ; they don't seem to have any energy in them at all, unless for dancing. A good deal of the ' carpet knight ' about them. By-the-by Stanley might be bracketed with the 'City of the Hills' for the best players of that town play with, the Hurdle Flat team. Why, I'm at a loss to understand. Surely Stanley can raise a team of its own, and not play second fiddle to Hurdle Flat. If not— well, the young chaps ought to.be ashamed of themselves. I hope to see a great revival amongst thie now defunct clubs neit season; and if ' the powers that be ' will only act on my suggestions, I feel pretty sure t li ?' i *11 _A ? ' J 1. mat xneir enorts win meet wren success. I can name several new clubs within easy distance of Yack andandah, viz., Osborne's Flat, Allan's Flat, Gundowring, Wooragee, Indigo. These, together with Yackandandah, Stanley, Hurdle Flat and Beech worth would make nine clubs in the field, which would mean eighteen matches during the season, at the .very least. Now, if the secretaries or the delegates of these nine clubs, say, were to meet at Yackandandah, which is about the centre of the district, before the football season commences, and draw np ' rules and regulations ' and make ' arrangements ' for the winter or ie»l, -lootbail would go on swimmingly, for then every club would - have a fair show, and would not be called upon to pilay against a team picked from three or four of the clubs around, as often happens under the present 'noiroles and regulations at all.' I would bar all .combination clubs from joining the Association, because such clubs only kill the ' spirit of enthusiasm/' amongst, the clubs formed . in single townships. -Take for instance, a team in this dis trict that calls itself the ' Wan derers '—the name is very apropos. What club in a little township has any chance against such a combina tion made up of players picked' from three or four towns. I say — not the ghost , of a chance — positively none — can be; expected. If the . foreign members of this team were to stay in their own townships. - and start clubs of their; o^ra, it wpuld be more to their credit, and say more for their pluck and energy. The games won bV la#' combination club ' are no credit 4t all to the winners, because all the 'tekiiis pitted against ^fchetk, are picked from members -of clubs formed in single townships.' If thebfe combink tKra^nbswill^'diflbandr^U''^ coft them, let them play themselves* ay^wh^^l^d that ojaHbuW - Mm to disband*; and BeelMm^ig«E^|ge oi each town jtavin^^ J. hooe football enthusiasts- will give {these remarks careful consideration, -and 'join 'in breaking down these ' combination ' teams which extin guish small clubs and persuading each township around'Sorstart and main tain its own club, and: so increase the area of. football. No team picked from? a_^ single town can win all its matciieB. .^tance of 'pride must have its fall.'. Therefore, if a team should lose a few matches, it shoulcbaiot j^ejlisheartened, ,it may win af jniajc^Tty f of fthem, and zjc ? ± ~ j. tt ? ? ? t_ ?_ u nut u-\i l/jllb uup ui buv preiiutjrfiaip list ' of the district ' association,' well T^p that coveted/' laddeppf fsyqie.'lr fChis-^osmg a ma^chi or WcP^oft^n^ has a damping influence on the mem bers of a clnb. This ought not to be. sit is not ' John Bull' at all. The seventh Australian cricket team has not won all its matches, and yet its members are not disheartened. They 'still fight manfnlly, and will to the very last match. So, you clubs, which have been defeated a few times, do not lose heart, but have another go, and if my; suggestions ^are iacted upon, you will not have to play against ' combinations,' and will thus have better chances of success. I am aware that a meeting of dele gates was held at Wangaratta, a month or two ago for the purpose of forming a 'Wangaratta Football Association.' I do not wish to inter fere with their endeavors, but 1 thi-nlr we will have enough clubs in our dis trict next season to form an Associa tion of our own, and further than that, our' teams will not have to travel so far, which costs money, and that is' a consideration to country clubs. , Hoping some abler pen' tnan mine, will take up this subject, of II country football,' and the ' Beech worth-cum - Yackandandah Associa tion1 — thanking you in anticipation for inserting this — I subscribe my self, A Football Enthusiast. The Minister of Mines on Tuesday received reports from: Mr Reginald Murray, the 7 Government geologist; and Mr J. Cosmo Newbery, the Go vernment analyst, regarding the alleged discovery of platinum at the Otway Ranges Proprietary Com pany's mine, near Colac, and the analysis of the samples taken from the mine by Mr Murray on the oc casion of his visit to it on Friday last. Mr; Murray again emphatically de clares that there- are no traces Of platinum visible in the mine, and that the geological formation of the coun try is such as to prelude thepossibility of that metal being found in the locality. Mr J. Cosmo Newbery gives the result of the analysis made by him, which is to the effect that traces of coal, gold, and silver were found in the' samples taken by Mr Murray from1 the shaft, but not the ; slightest indication, of .platinum was, observable. 