[?] lj|jjf(rROM ova owncor esfoxdext. ) ., ... Loxnos,' December 27 . 1 ?^Jmkstjias once more lias come and gone, ~ZfSgL people generally have -been able to J^ES^-thcir otto interpretation upon 'the -nominally associated with this .-season ofthe Jrear. The hundreds of gas . stokers ont of employ in : South London cah pot by the severest self-deception havB^igent a Merry Christmas. . As one growsolder it Becomes more and more plain tliat a Merry Christmas 'exists but . in juvenile parties.. and . the. .rChristuias. ' Annuals. As a rule in this country the close of the year: marks calamities, acci dents, and niijfortunes; ..of 'various sorts, and a British householder thinks he has had a rollicking time if lie cscapes fires, gas explosions, and doctors) bills, as ? tlie melancholy accompaniment to the closing '' ? daysVof the year. The gloomy weather .:. which usually oppresses onr spirits: at Christmas has a lot to. answer for : people who remember what it is to wake in the j morn and see' the skies blue, and feel the ;;breath :of the. trade-wind, suffer acutely I when for six months of the year-thc dome -of Heaven is lead to their eyes, and the ' jellow pnll of fog descends upon the earth, encircling the stagnant air within it's ? ' hideous arms. ?/' Christmas Day this year was an excep tion to this- — a solitaiy one, I am sorry to i - ' ? say, for the weather now is* as- gloomy;' as possible— the sun shone brightly, and a warm westerly wind bronght ? fragrance from over the sea. ? Birds sang on 'every tree,, deceiving ^themselves into the idea ' that it, was May-and not Dweraber. ? . The ' weathCTias been and is very mild, arid is ;cqnsideted! .-?.unhealthy -on. this account. The obituair is full— I speak lower down : of the death of . the Bishop of . Dnrham, ani since . he died we\ have news : of tho . decease of Dr. Charles Mackay, who wis a decadc ago a hard-working - journalist and litterateur., .„ He was ' a poet, : o moderate ability; ind wrote many- spirited verses ; perhaps. '.Cheer,., Boys,. . Cheer !' ' the^tmigrants1 song,' : is ? more widely- j ? / known than any. of his other pieces. I /- daresay that'some of your 'readers' have a j f poetical cbnipendium on their shelves, I called '1001 Gems'— Dr. Mackay \yns / ' the compiler of this, and it is a useful book to this.,day, quite a classic '.in its , way. - - ? ' ' '- * .- ? . * . ' ' Grand International Prizefight'— * what a terrible farc^ (that was like . to have] developed '.into ja 'tragedy) ' lo give .- such a tiflf ito^the ^disgraceful riot that ' disturbed the dignified serenity- of -the quaint old town of Bruges on Monday V morning. The dastardly . conduct : of the I low blackgnards, who , accompanied ' their friend the .'Squire,' as they call. Jem S Smitji, to -the field of battle has. sounded \- i the signal for the final downfalls of. the ' P.B.; in England. - It has. been apparent : for years tliat it is impossible to keep pro fessi(Wl boxing- free from the contamin i of tlle-Jowcst gambling rings in the ceont«y, and the only thing for decent ? people is to allow these gentry to have the ' monopoly of it. In Ameriba and Austra lia thert may be a field, ;but there is no longer one Jiere. Of conrse the circum - stances are twderstood , in the colonics, ; and tlieP action of Smith's roughs not' ! debited to Englishmen. The spirit mani-' , . ; ; festedby the general public towards Slavm I since the meeting shows with what horror and disgust Englishmen view the blows and kicks bestowed ' npon the plucky Australian by Smith's n»ng. Slavin . .. -Tisited the Stock Exchange on Christmas f Ere,'arid met with a magnificent reception \- \ and a purse of £100 was subscribed on the spot.;; The JVHcan Club held an 'extra ? oiffin'air meeting the day after tlie 'fight' with the Marquis of Queensberry presiding. It was decided to strongly condemn Smith and his party, to suspend Fleming, -Smith's manager^ from his post as M.C.', for the ' CiuVand to present Slavin with a puree, a belt, and hearty congratulations ujion hitpjucky, conduct. In every paper, and . iiarvqry circle, public, opinion is manifest ing itself in the same way, and the Austra li^ttijill lose nothing in the eiul. He Itas b«n -Officially dubbed Ciiampion of Eng land (though the title cannot do liim . mnchjgpod.wheu such, a despicable wretch a itS mi Ui' held it) bv the Pelican Club. What I fail to understand is how the Australian's friends allowed themselves 'to be placed in suc!i a position. -Every man in London knowing anything of sporting was, quite aware that Smith, had no chance in a fair fight — they knew .that before the Jackson match with gloves, and the res-^lt;of . that 'amply confirmed the knowledge. Some years ago. Smith could Tight, Imt latterly lie has Itccn drinking and going wrong altogether ; he has put on flesh and got quite out nf condition. It is all nonsense the Sporting Life say ? fog tliat at-^he beginning Smith 'looked like winning' — there was not a moment of the 2/imin. during which the fight flast .when he had the ghost of a chance. He was. practically disabled by a blow on the jaw early in the encounter. So Slavin's friends ought to have anticipated ? bring lomv friend* irilh him^ :r»ke itj-^(br his weakness. The meeting was'at eight o'clock oji Monday \- morning in the grounds of a cliatcaii, near Bruges. At 10 o'clock it was rumored in FlMt-sfrcet tliat Slarin liad been killed and as wclfneir that Smith was incapable of doing the deed, it was guessed how affairs, stood. At the conclusion of the 14tlt roiiiul ilw referee left tho, .gromnlj deqUrin# the flght drnvrn— jwor nun, he -knew tliat his life would' not lie worth much had lie. dona otherwise. When Slarin pot near thi) ' ropes In Smith's ? ? ? corner, and he liail to be always, following .. 'np hi* oijjionent, he was struck and kicked' by Smith s friends anil during tho whole of tfyj.^couiiter his opponent's neoonil* inqglmi nftd ^crried finn in order to dis tract his attention. It is a1 matter for \- congratulation that ho wis 1 not seriously . liurt. The plucky and undaunted Hay in ; whicji.he hcld liioisclf in these trying cir cnmsUnces deserves the recognition ot itis (rjenb ban «nd in Auatralia^.' ? | The influent cpldemic now troubling the healtif anil peace 0f.-Eur0pe is really a very serioiis' affair. lAll. .northern .Europe is tender its'spell pingfs^jQueietis, .^resi dent Carnot, an4^nister%„are i:liud . low nil over the Continent; rand iGovernment Departments,' schtiAls,' theatres,5 and in«ga zines have had j ]to close. Some such visitation occurred Vnany years ago, and it was succeeded in tlio summer-following by an attack of cholera, which by analogy wie may expect in ? ' This ' so-Balled influenza is really] a . slight fever, very imictuiKe.tiiQ 'aejiguc-jevcr -or— inaia. Thc^person attacked feels pain's ' in' hiV back and^imbs, :h^s headache, 'lassitude, and (tlie distinguishing mark of this disease) ; an- almost continuous ninning front th(mose: 'Som(rRjty thKt''Se' have it in this country^ at;anyjrate, we have some thing very like it, for- 1 can certify that every pefton I'know hasrhad or has somfe. form of respiratoryj disorder. Itliink that I spoke of this in my last letter, but since then- colds and '.Roughs hate increased alarmingly. In church' or .^in ?S 'conccrt rooni the blowing iof 'noses ana-hacking coughs are like the! noise of irregnljr vollej firing. ; ;j| : ! , j The leather has; been favorable. .for thf spread -cf any contagious disease, tand trying geneijilly. |jl^.'. Lightfcipt,. .Bfshoi| of Durham, . is tho latest victim. Thi^ distinguished and j accomplished - prelate died' at.- Bournemouth on Satnrday,' of congestion of the jjungs ; hewas- bnt Cl' years old— ^qriite aiyonthful bishop, wheii we think of: the i,ronnd dozen' who : are' between 70 and 88r The See 'of Durham,; worth £7000, is a' great prlie t'.the .occu-. pant , takes : rank:)' after the Bishop of London. Dr. Lightfoot was associated with Cambridge, and, later: with St. Paul's Oathedral. iHe was accountcd a most scholarly man; well versed in controversy on scriptural points. \ This vacancy, will I suspect, cause: I 'tha late Australian Metropolitan; Bishop -Barry, who is a gr-mt favorite with:, the Queen to be ele vati^d to the Episcopal Bencni H;M.S. Siiltan,!j amved ' at Portsmouth Harbor'ori Monday, after her voyage from. Malta. ,CSh_elvafe|fonveye3 jby the 'Sea- horse and the Type; from Gjibraltar, but did not ..need.; iheir-'assManSoi Vfism^- her own engines ; all the way. ( The Sultan had ,I^en ' paryy-i;cfit.t«dH»njl cleaned -at Malta, and the voyage' licine has been used to add to this work, - Hu t - they say that the - interior of the ship', is a sorry sight/- Everything1 is covered with rust, damp and dirt, the lower- part is battened down,' arid the most inoxious fumes -arise therefrom. - The j| Dockyard people were most enrious to inspect the old^battleship, which lay for. somij tifeeTat 4he botttom of the Cmnina 'Cfamtelifaifif whose presence, in oiirhmiters toSday is a tribute to ! the skill ^nd,.detern;inAtion of the Italian engineers.-; The estimate forjthe repairs is ehbrmousi 3mt th^WHmiralty is to under take the/ job'.'. Jtll/; !??'! S . , 