,IVUSI CAd.-... . s E RIES SREMINSCENCESFOF PEOPLE AND 'THEIR'SONGS OFFIFTYEARS. A-I wasast myg memory. back over,hialfa Genturyftastonshed me to find how. .the remembrances of dear friendsawegetassogiated in-~my-ssind b.ih9,e nsrgs,1tiaeya had sung and the music ghey loved. So that even now the .'melodi~s-o evn the wrds brought back freshly the persons and circumstances with whom they mustbe "-for ev~er ,gt ttach ?i in th col'ff m "met'iory. Al hough "( hose of y youth. and:jrimet mustbe said: 5-.-rSomehsveo grin&to; IndstIrdistan And with strange~rs made their hoe Some .upoasthe.wasteowter,: All their lives are forced to ram. Same have gone, from ~us. forever, F They have reached-afarer region, Far away. Fr ay They liaveggone butltleirmeiuosves re mam with us;, ....... And long beiourhearts-with their memories t i l le d . ', -, s j - , Yo'i ay breal, you'-`may shatter the vame ir you will,' ' r. : But thesdefit of the roses'ail hang od it S still. .... In our. quiet. Scottish Ioe the first faihtn remembrancest i c cluster .round. n?ymot fliher's facead ways,.and I seemagain to hearin the fant faroff c th.lhoedt the se t elncholy stratns'o,of'. ' J.: ,ba.. •,iBessy Bell.-n -lsf .C' The 'wereehtw -booie;fss ?T' Theyr biggit 'a h o?i oe'i' on rn e, SAnd itheekit it owers es So .far as. I- ca5ni reeal thee bonnie lasses built their bowerandwent to live in it to escape -from a plague then raging, but the 'destroyerfoundth out; ahd cuit down the ,sweet flowers. Another plaintive melody was a ballad concerning a cruel lord whose onily daughter had placed her affections upon a youtngshipherd with waving locks and clear blue eyes, but it was carried. too. far, for- -. . W'hen the old lord - he saw him his pssion grew hot, An?dtwith a -loaded: pistolhe yong hephrd Sshot; And as he. lay gbeeding e lady Who had caused all this pair and this sad mhiisery. ,., . Thereupon.; the shepherd akes over. his flock-they all knw their on names-to 'the lady, ;houndertakes the care of themr anidvos awill follow my, shepherd all the days of my life. . - : This used to touch? my childish-feelings to suci an extent thalordslaughter must inevitably haved I met theoffeniderandposessed such -i thing, as ;a pistiol,,hich I did not for many years after: Of couse in her collection were some of the old Jacobite songs, which at tha't t d a great hold upon the Scottishmind, and can scarcely be. surpassed for pathos and melody, as even in these later days the Kdhnedys-J and -and others have charmed the . ears- and touchdthe hearts of h'uidredds~l f thousands ith such, songs ~as--: ;! r. A wee-bird sat by myha'oor, '.i' it warbled sweet nd clearly ' An':ay'e the burdein ' ai " S;,Was??'VWaes me fo Pinc" C lie" And oh _I.Jo'ed that bonnie, bonnie bird That sang to me no early And well I lo'ed its bonnie, ba niesong, iteor w cPrihce Carlie ,RyJhan t 'e T1here w was quite aworld-of setient wasted over Charles Stewartwho wa a very- unwortjiy" idol after'all as most people will -tdmit now. But the songs will; preserve his name andome of his contemporaries,: suchas H y,; Johnny Copec1 Aro ye wankn yet? hOr aree e drum a' bfating et? .i ye are w washen Iswouldri St e gned, however there An T I e c'Janna come in were nothing o. the dr humorous class. of Scottish songs in te colletion ,'soth-e -Ibllqi'vi'ig, is a sample one, in which !tie iiatter-oflactsuitor trges an immnediate answer o the plea of ,urgency :.::"'':?, f ' (I ljac. 'then:w a- hippittsileg, a~ n~ss ,tdye to'e me tell me non,; A- ' every day she lays me -n egg, 2 An' .'I canna come ev day to oo I hae'a'-auf?that'll soon hen coo, \- Lass;, ifye loe me tell me non. An' I hae a pig'that'ln"on le ano, ;-;'An' I cannia come everyday to sou ,Eut most commonly my -mother's taste would` follow tues d ods like° Ye banks and braes bonnieDn, - How can ye bloom a fresh and fir? or-,this;-ever fresh and v Mitdstpl?eas-ures: aod -p'tal'a'esthuh'v a Be it evr s6. h'umble, thee l .-home. 1Dearrold mother,! All sweet and tender, and she:has-reached thath n r can recall her quaverl i sang- Our bonnie bairns are t They were baith gude ' We'missedlthem rnlht s To thee Lazit o' the Les Bat there's'na'sorow'th Tliei's&ifeither; tail nor ' They're a' hlapy?;,there '-- -lhi the Laniid o' the Les {Lsuppose th t mut her from the fact--that aver tion of our people up side of the family were searlife (inane; beinrg mea that our songs hadia'preodrneo ..'-& "<,??outiealrlhlvoudr~ -abouthe sv • , . . ones","1 See, the ship in the bay : eDearest H len, Igor e Inlthy love andt thlt f 'O'er the wild-and th .:ret shall-my'heart, na Cherish its fondesth In midnight billows, th .... My love's breathing Or thatIpther, ,aore h h of which -is- " " Lashed to the heti~tlik ud'ies vesoels I'5Lthiik ont'thele1 mr.fove. ) Th, ere-1wasone, -:tp~prarentl-ihad d~a'ernh', whicih for weid'd antv music ca. scarcenb ece T words also are rarea s e never seen them m prt, scnhie froom memory55 Row weel, my boatie, row Row weel, my merry men a, Fo there 's grief and there s And there dule in my fatlh'a For the sklnfe ldanced lig And it flew ore thu waters gave their light, , Bat .the hau.'te? nie'S er" scted Etta Oh hone I for fair HelenO Oli hse foi thepride'of St In the deef, deep sea,t l a b Lord Reioch, Thy Heleel Of quite a differens fishing song- i ca n" We cast oar lices in L Anid fishnew augehtnin There's three:to rOast, and three to boilu, And three to bait the linie. 4 -'he.boatie.tows; the boatie rows ";' The bhoaie rows fu' well, - And mickle luck attend the bo t, The muirland and the creel. - I have in rare occastons heard my father troll out merrily, Giles Scroggins and it used to give me a creepy-sensa tion down the sma'll of the back when- , The ghost,he said right solemnlee, -Rirght'fo?fae'riddle ot de rot, Ven must leave your bed and come with me, Right fol de riddle oLder tl,, . - All to'tie grare 'bouir de;tocoobl ; She says, " I am not dead, you fool." ,'What then,' saidhe, " Why, that's no.rule," Righlf61 de-riddle ol de rol. t. The idealof.,aghost saying and re peating those mysterious words, "Right folt the riddle- l the rol" under the cirumstances, gave "ie"at that' time serious fits of consideration with re spect to the' hidden meaning of the phrase. It affected mhe in a similar man ner, but. not to, the same extent, as wheihIwasbshit tiji iti a. ?W?rdrobe in The dark by my brothier while he .chanted, through the keyhole some stainzas friom Alonzd the Brave For the ?wmris they crept in and the worms -they creptt ut • As' they ,yfeasteduhis 'eyes and his temptles a hilethe spectre addressed Imogene. I used to dream of lhis years after and. waken;-. bathid min. perspiration axnd shaki?g like an ? aspen. y-Ihave grown out oftlhat and a gre_`t `many other things ;since `then ." that memory doth recall " butt the associations connec ted with that period. .'are dearer than' them all." .. My father was not wont to blow a trumpet in refetence to his vocal abili ties, but I rinemetber well how upon one occasion~in church he, from his pew, started in'the prfoper key the minor tune "Shiloh," -and carried it through after the precentor: and another had. tried it and failed. I thought that, at the time, a-feat such as few could have undertaken successfully, and it is only those who know the strict conservatism of 'a-Scottish ichiiirch l-ifty "years -ago, when "every man to his own office" was the rule, -can conceive the task it was. '"In fact, no?, with a wider ex perience,( I. can only ,compare it with the temerity ofthe? person whlo-sival lowed the prize oysterafter three had attempted it previously hand failed to negotiate.'; ..but ..-even i e..did' not hear -of the failure until after 'the eerit...: In the .days.? speak, of there were no "Kists of Whistles" .to lead off the musici the precentor, and he alone, was there to start the tunies- they did not believe in :,, singing praises' by machinery.? ' (5 To he Continued.) ' ' 