SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR. - Yours, &c.;, ICONOCLAST. SIR.—Your correspondent "Astral” is evidently anxious to impress people with his ideas respecting spiritualistic M[?]lifestations, and appears to wonder why his "facts” are not recognised by the world generally. I believe that this is the ease generally with those who have adopted some extraordinary de lusion. Continued e mremplation o{ what ap, ears to them as spiritual phenomena destroys their power jf discriminating between facts and theories, or facta and dreams. lam not a stranger to spiritist lit ra*' ture, and all that I have read on it has hut con* firmed my early conviction in the utter fallaciousness of its somewhat presumptuous professions. X see little in it but the deliverances of an imagination morbidly active, and occasionally frenzi-d and ludicrous. The tendency to ascribe to supernatinal agency everything that has an obscure cause is as old as barbarism. The savage believes his shadow is his double, his other self, and a little later every unusual sight or sound finds an ea«j' and unquestioned explanation in t<.e tricks of the active and übiquitous inhabitants of the spirit 1* ml. Science has p aj*ed sad havoc with these delusions by tracing thousands of mysterious phenomena to awkwauMy prosaic causes. When the •scientist appeared ghosts and irhchea fled pell mell, and the spiritualist is destined to scamper after them when Huxley and his disciples get on his track. Thousands of things, which at o.ie time were re* girded as mysterious, and as having uncanny rela tions with the other world, have been shown by patient investigat on to be susceptible of very simple explanation; hut, of course, there remain somethings which elude human search, and which, from their nature, wili continue to do s \ It does not follow, however, that because these evade the investigator, they are necessarily the result of the activity of cur departed friend*. I am not going to say that the class of phenomena commonly regarded by writers on psychology as transcending human know* ledge includes spiritist manifestations, though they m o', it in a thousand things difficult of explanation, examination sows 995 to be the result of perfectly natural causes, and if eirc instances prevent the ade quate examination of the rest, it would be absurd to siy that the lelations of cause and efttet were en tirely and fferent. “Astral” has a very questionable method of appealing to autnority. He quotes some sentence in which ‘he existence of spirits is alluded to, sentences which he might find in {the writings of the greatest Materiahsts, especially if they are not sciriitirtß. No one denied the existence of spirits, and it is probable—almost certain—that the greatest men that the wo> M has seen have believed in iiumor* tality and a spiritual existence. It is equally certain thic they have no’ bsieved that the departed spirits hold regular communication with cliques and coteries in ro .ms, or chat they favor particular individuals who are »• ither much better or much worse than th- av rage citizen. “ stral ‘ had better leave authorities, and especially scientific authorities, alone, lluxlcy, Carpenter, Tyndall, Rascoe, lfoinaues, and the great mass of scientific men in Britain, at least equal in judgment and critical power to those of any other country in the world, simply laugh at Spiritualism as a modern hallucination. I ..dmifc that it is a little singular that a man like A. U. Wallace, and a few other eminent men, should have exhibited so much credulity, but that proves little. Scientific men have their weaknesses like other tnen, and it is qui e natural to suppose th it some of should exhibit weakness. Any unprejudiced man, however, must see that scientific authority must come from the recognised leaders and the mass of scientific men, and anyone but slightly ; cquainted with cur rent literature knows that such authority is directly opposed to all the pretensions of Spiritualists. “ .astral ” quotes other authorities, but as far as they are concerned I migh* just say than there are so many people knocking about on this planet of ours at tnc present time, and so many brains, even of eminent men, n little our. of order, that you can get authority for nearly anything. I fail to see anything in »* Ast al’s” letter that can in any way be constiued into a demonstration of the existence of spirit communication. If “Astral”ia in communication with the inhabitants of the other world, of course my anonymity \ < of no avail, as some good Ariel will of course enlighten him on the subject. That, however, may be discovered otherwise, and is not of much consequence. I take the liberty in con clusion cf challenging all «he spirits that “Astral" or bis friends can summon from the vasty deep, vasty height, or elsewhere, to interfere with me in any way, to affect my arguments against their appearance here, or.to disclose themselves in honest light.- 