^Iit €mitributor. I DIOGBNES ON MR. HENRY GEORGB. Enquirer— Well, Ongenea, what did yau think *rben yon man listening to HenrT George? Dfcv«n«.— 'Think,' mjldear friend? What didXtbink! I wonidB't Hkato tdl you *U 1 thongbt! One thing, however, I did think, and that «u of Nostrftdanrns. £.-WluftmiN«tndiBa; D.—Who was NoBtradamna jon msaa—if you don't know, go and learn— »nd if yon tad his ghost teU him George be*talumT»ollow. v. _mn» »nHirWt vnn tite to tell me all too thought? 2-._Valor, my friend ! The better part ol valor ! Discretion ! Why, there were biK wJR«theie,my friend— bis; wigB open mouthed! Big win Mdjeeriwr lustily »t words that had no mcanuf ?' Eerily, djd the immortal William onocoitaad Ids Qdnntcrmw ! f .— How do f on mean ? /).— 'In England Any strange .beast there makes » man,*&nd;/when they won't give a dait to relieve a poor toeeear they will give four pence to see a dead Indian.' And Sooth Aus tralia betters-even tint 1 Delicious ! E.— How, delusions? D. — To see thataico, amiable, smiling, self satisfied gentleman denouncing the world whieh has made him prosperous ; to listento the dilated nonsense that he was snooting 'forth ; to note the gullibility with 'which it wa« baiojf swallowed wholesale ! Qh, it was moat delicious I E.—1 don* think 'you should say delicious. J),— !B ie had given np all hia goods for the poor he talked so mooh about, if he had stopped ui his own country aad.sneceeded in reforming that, if.tbere were anything to Bhoir that Jus eaieer of money wMtfciwg van not a practical denial of his own theory, then I might say lamentable ; bat as it is, I stick to delicious. JJ.— Bat I wish yon would ©ease your abase of the man and give some reasonable explana tion of you opposition. J}.— Abnee! my friend. I don't abuse. I was too much amused to think of abuse. It was the finest of comedies. E— How? D.— Well, if yon pretend to have any under standing mention any one part of the leotare in which there was any .reasoning. Gall to my mind one honest syllogism and I'll give you a ten-pound note. E.—Yon can't expect me to carry the whole lecture in my head. 2).— ;Nor anybody else. It was no more satisfying to the man who thinks .and seasons than the froth on a porter cask to one famish ing from thirst. 1 aware you I ainoerely and earnestly listened, hoping to hear some appeal to the reasoning faculties and there was none, absolutely none. From beginning to flnd it was froth, rhetoric, empty and idle declama tion, £.— I think you are in the highest degree uncharitable. 2).— On my honor I dont wish to bean charitable. J strive for truth as much as George does, and seek to do him justise. £.— Then why so severe? Z-.— Not on the man, but on his work, and for the came reaeon as I would be severe if a modern doctor prescribed pigeon's dung aa a remedy for smallpox. E.—Ib that a fair analogy ? D. — No, It is 'unfair — to the doctor! A medicinal dose of pigeon's dung would Ho no barm even if it did not cure the smallpox; whereas George's nostrum would -make tninga worse loan ever. E.— Before yoa go to that prove to me that there is a want of logic J).— Yon are {unreasonable. I day there is no logic. You say there is. Yours is the affirmative. I therefore have the right to ask you to prove it. But, nevertheless, I can afford to throw away my xieht, aud will give you an illustration. Do you remember Mr. George's reply to hie listener jtho eaid ' Ol course' to the suggestion that great employers rcade work for their employes. E. — No. I forget the incident. D.— Well, the lecturer denounced a New York tnanuf acturer who had made money by protection, and said that as the survivors didn't feel inclined to put that on his tomb they pnt that he had employed thousands, and thus done as well as if he had given .the wages in charity. E.— Oh, yes ; I remember it now. One of the audience shouted out ' Of course.' i-.— Yes, and Mr. George replied, ' Well, let the gentleman who said of course go home and knock about things a bit, and spill grease here and there, and he would make Borne work for his wife. Let him see if she said *ot course.'' E. — I thought that was cUver. D.— Clever! Of course it was clever. Very clever. If I .were on the stage I should say ' devilish.clever !' The speaker .knew his audience ! Well, he knew that he was addres sing the people whom Shakespeare described as rushing to see a dead Indian ! E.— What fault do you find in Hub ? ' X-.— No fault whatever. It was supsrb ! Nostradamus in lecturing to his dupes never excelled it ! Kingston, cunning dog as he is, cever approached it in all his candidature for West Adelaide! And that brings to my mind that it was much more like b cunning politician with his tongue in hiB cheek seeking to deceive the yokels Kihan like a political economist gravely deaung with the most serious problems of humanity. TjndaU* or Huxley, or Adam Smith, or John Stuart Mill would never have stooped to so low a level. J&— Denunciation is not argument. D.— I am not denouncing. You asked what I thought, E. — If you don't mean to denounce, why do you say that Tyndall or Huxley would never stoop so low? D, Because it is the f aot. Because in the passage I cited toy on George was tricking his audience— unleBB, indeed, as I suspect he has bo power whatever of continued or concen trated reasoning, £,— I don't see it D, — Just consider for one moment. Pat Martin, of Gawler, in the place of George's New York manufacturer. Martin has intro duced here the new industry of making loco motive engines. Is it fair, is it honest, is it reasonable to compare the work Martin is doing with that of a man who would go home and smash furniture ? Ek — Every one would agree with that. 2).— 'Then why did Mr. George use such a false analogy? £.— One Bwallow doesn't make a summer. Even supposing George to be wrong in one place, that doesn't show him to be wrong in every plane. 2).— But a train of reasoning is like a chain, no .stronger than its weakest link. So exactly is it like a chain that in familiar speech we say 'a chain of reasoning.' Would you like to Rive your faith to a man who in an economical argument gravely putt to his audience the similitude between work in smashing furniture and work in making looomotivei : _ £.— But I don't understand that George rests bis final conclusion on any such simili tude, Z-.— No one can understand from the lecture on what George does rest hiB final conclusion, or what hia final conclusion really is. But so far as regards the 'of coarse,' interjected by the listener, George's reasoning did rest on the monstrous fallacy that work in wantonly smashing furniture was the same as work in making useful locomotives ! Yet the audience swallowed it. Perhaps that was theii misfor tune! They seemed to have nothing better to swallow! £.— I deny that. Z-.— Of course, they had the old stock asser tions about a wicked world, and cruel monopolists, and starving workmen, wbioh have been put forth ever since the Jews had to make bricks without straw— and probably long before that — I grant you uttered with a brilliancy of rhetoric, and an earnestness of manner, and a beauty of language seldom witnessed. Appeals to pas sion and sympathy there were to overflowing, but to honest reasoning, to common logic, there was not the remotest approach ! There was no attempt other than by vague generalities to unite the -y-ttft^'l-'nP vita the premises— nothing but the most indefinite assertion. The logic deduced from the work of furniture smashing is in tenth a fair sample of the whole ol the logic of the lecture. . £.— A good many people think differently. Z-.— A good many people never think at alL I really haven't time to expose all the absurdi ties and fallacies of the lecture. &— It* very fine lor a -man who cannot to say that he wUl not ! £-.— It would take days. Listen ; Here is one specimen; God forgive me for flailing- it reasoning ! I omit the padding, and read you only the jgiBt— *' All religious questions come to the labor problem.' *' The difficulty of getting work seems to increase just as popula tion increased.' 'The oause of that was that labor was divorced from the natural principle of labor.' ' It was all due to the fact that the laboring was the disinherited class.' E.— Well, what is there wrong about this ? Z-._ What is there right? Wbicb are the premises? What the conclusion? It is not senee, it is words without meaning to s»y that all religions questions come to the labor question- Besides, even if it were sense, what has it to do with the land question? Itunotasa universal thing true to say that the difficulty of getting work seems to increase just as popula tion increased. What meaning is there in the .cxpreuion, 'labor divorced from the natural principle of Ubor?' What is the natural principle of labor? The statement that it is all due to the fmct that the laboring was the dia inherited claw is untrue bo far as it is an aseerbon, and unproved so far as it is a can elusion. The whole lecture is full of similar rabbit b. fefhat^y.00'14 tMn *U 8Cience int0 ridicule ? *^T^VOm ^ wsience *»wt be investi ??;_,. *#.*«* *T »?? ?Merhons, If one be false no coa olueion *ased oa it can be reliably true. , -fienry George must submit to ordinary logio ? ?odeis indeed he *as discovered the fourth ' ;d tin fusion. - ?C— You must wait *U1 the«ad of the train of .reasoning. J).— Not if it be all rnbbUh aa you go along. Xiook egain. 'Why was it necessary to pre YEBt irdberB sending their little children to factories ?' ' It-w»« because they had allowed what the Ore»tor intended for «ll to become the property of the few.' 'What would happen in heaven if the superficies of heaven were {parcelled out among the firat comexs ae Srgland, Ireland, and Scotland were.' E —That sounds very reasonable. D.— What diploma has Hrnry George to showithat the Creator has given him the ri#bt to pronounce as to what He intended? flow dots be know the Creator's intentions ? Waat is the connection betweenJthe intentions of the Creator and mothers Bending their children to factories? Whs* floes George know of the euperficies-of heaven, or -the ficat comers tb*ra, or what would happen? Hm its - rs relation also on tbateubject? The wbuie thing u too irresistibly fancy '. JET. —You mutt admit that George h a good man, D.—l dare say he is. I never esid that tie was not. But be seems to tne tote a free trader out on-tbe rampage. He is too wise t - let ittappear in this «oloey- tbat an &n;»sb on protection is his primary object, j-o be makes it ndirectly. He .does not Argoe. ' Protection it bad, therefore adopt free trade.' But lie argues, 'There are greedy monopolists, there fore rob them,' toping that in the ttrcgglethe CuBtom-honse will be ewept*way. \Lorx say ne is -good. It is said that all good men ars patriotic. I admit that he ie patriotic. £.— Why? D.— Don't you see' what follows if James Martin is ae -Bsetoss a man as he who smashes hie wife'jB furniture? E-— I oonfeBB I don't. £-.— None eo blicd as those who wont see 3 If JameB Martin's work is no better than that of a furniture smaBber James Martin is en tstitled to oa credit, to no protection. He is a UBelefB cuniberer of the ground, and the sooner he is abolished the better. Bat somebody must ttake engines. If James Martin and Co, cease to do so there will be room for ship loads of those American abortions which make our railway stations hideous. Ho you now see? £—1 tee your point, but I have two ob jections to it. Firet, that George is dealing with the land and not protection ; secondly, that be is right it he means that by abolishing James Martin & Co. and letting in American engines free we should get engines oheaper. D.*—l.t he is dealing only with the laud question why did he nee the illustration which puts James Martin & Oo. on a level with the encaefcer of furniture? What connection ia there between James Martin & do. 'a factory and furniture smashers and the land question ? But 'Henry George looks to free- trade ; the lasd question is only his stalking horse. J£.»- What proof have you of that ? I) —He said in a lecture in England, ' I am an American freetrader in the full and the true sense of the term. . . If I were asked what pbraee would best define my position it would not be that of a land nationaliser — that is a term I have never used for myself. It would be rather a freetrader. . . Tne protection deiaaion bss thown its weakness.' So you see be net only in words practically repudiated feting aland nationalist, but his whole lecture was 'saturated with the quintessence of free ttF.deiem, E. — I don't know that he is any the worse for tbat * D.—I don't fay that be is. But let us know the umth. JLtt us know the full scope of bis proposals. Let us know what he will do, and wby be will do it In the English lecture, vbtn Epeafeicg of a tariff which kept out the manufactures of other countries, he said — 'It is awfnlly stupid to put on a tariff to keep those things out. We ought to welcome men who briDg them into the country instead of fining them.' Will you endorse that, my dear Ecquirer? Will you Bay that it is awfully ttnpid to put on a tariff which will have the effect of keeping out the American looomotives and encouraging those of James Martin and Co.? £.—1 don't know that I am called upon to answer that question. Dr— Ah ! I know that yon are a freetrader at beart, and I know that all freetraders swear by Henry George. For my part I deny his assertion that my fellow colonists are awfully stupid because they have a tariff wbich pre vents their own manufacturers and workmen from being ruined. E, — How do you mean ruined 1 Be— Undersold and driven out by the pro ductions of the prisons of George's country. George and his countrymen would be stupid if they didn't seek to bring about Buch a state of things. I and my countrymen would be stupid if we didn't prevent it. From an Ametio;-.n point of view I dare say it is awfully stupid of ub to do so ! E.— Bnt George ie teaching people to think. D. — I don't know that. I ratber think his example is teaching them not to think. How ever tbat may be, he iB not tbe firet enthu siast who has discovered a nostrum to reform humanity. There have been hundreds before him, and the world is still unreformed. I fear me that the world will be still unreformerl. even after the thou&ands; of enthusiasts who will come after him! ( Mr. E- P. Lempriere, who has resigned hie position »b private secretary to his Ex cellency the Governor, leaves for England in the Kaiser Wilhelm on April 29 His health has recently been weak, and he goes for change of climate. Mr. Juttice Windeyer, accompanied by the Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon), tbe chairman of tbe Adelaide School Board (Mr. J. L. Bonytbon), the Inspector General of Schools iMr. J. A. Hartley), and a party of ladies paid a visit of inspection to the Sturt etreet State School on Monday morning. His Honor expressed himself as much pleased with what he Baw. He stated that he bad -visited rnacy schools in New South Wales and else where, but that he thought Mr. Neale'a school was the toeBt he had ever deen. The judge left for Broken Hill by the afternoon train. Tbe South Australian Sunday school Union at tie monthly committee meeting held on Monday last decided to hold the ueaal annual scholars' competitive examination in August next. -A strong board of examiners, with Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sa, as chairman, has been appointed. The subject, taken from the international lesson series, includes the first 12 chapters of St. Luke's Gospel. During the Sunday- school week in Ootober a combined floral and industrial exhibition on a large scale is to be held, a large number of schools having notified their willingness to take part. The details are now beiDg arranged by a representa tive committee and will shortly be published. The report of the proprietors of the Moonta Mines, Limited, for the four months ended December 31, 1S89. showa *.hat there is an estimated Iobb for the four months of £723 6s. As the result of varionB meetings held and negotiations carried on resolutions to effect an amalgamation with the Wallaroo Company, on the basis of two Moonta shares being equal to three Wallaroo shares, were passed and confirmed. The company is therefore now in liquidation, and the new amalgamated company has been registered as the 'Wallaroo {and Moonta Minitg and Smelling Company, .Limited,' chares in which are being allotted. Toe total number of persona employed on December 31 waa 1,138, comprising 472 miners, 90 mechanics, 284 laborers, surface contractors, officers, foremen, and others, and 292 youths and boys. The ore returns for the year ending December SI, 1889, are as follows :— Ore on hand January 1, 1889— Wallaroo mines, 4,108 tons ; Wallaroo Smelting Works, 4,145 tons 20 cwt. 2 qr.; Hunter River Copper Works, 2,556 tons 9 owt, 3 qr.; total, 10.810 tons 9 cwt. 1 qr. The amount of ere raised at the Wallaroo mines was 13,726 tuns 0 cwt. 1 qr., while the ore pur chased is totalled at 1,151 tons 4 cwt, 1 qr. The ore received under smelting contracts is pat down at 39,462 tons 0 cwt. 1 qr., the total set weight being 45,151 tons 14 cwt. The re turns for tbe quarter show that the ore raised during tbat period amounted to 6,759 tone 1 cwt., and this with the ore on hand at the starting of tbe term amounts to 11,186 tons 1 cwt. The copper Teturns show that the copper on band on January 1, 1S&9, vas 227 tons 1G cwt. 22 lb.; that received from the Dnckenfield, 31 tons 4 cwt. 22 lb. ; and the amount of copper made 6.G03 tons G cwt. 7 lb. The copper shipped during the year on account of tbe London csntnet wai 2,720 tons 12 cwt. 16 lb. , while that Bold in the colonies is entered as 16 tons 2 cwt. 1 qr. 5 lb. ; 50 tona 2 owt, S qrs. 1 lb, waB loBt in the coasting steamer Dacken field, and the copper on hand on December 3L, 1889, is placed at 60 tons 6 cwt. 2 qr. 1 lb. Toe copper in ore delivered to the Wallaroo cum panp for eKieltinp during the last four montbs per asBay amounted to 1,2 51 tone 9 cwt. 2 qr 6 lb , ?while the copper ^receivtd from the Wallaroo corrpacy on account of the ore ddiveied in that period wa6 754 torn* 13 cwt. 2 qr. G lb. Tbe copper shipped during the quarter vras l,oSl tons 15 cwt. 3 qr. 24 lb. The workicg expeneet, according to tbe Iobs accouDt, for the yFar were £156.733 Sa. 4d, £42, 4f5 13?. Cd being expended daring the labt quarter. The depreciation in value of ctodbe of ore at the smelting works is put down at £12,977 12s. 4d. Adelaide expenses, i&ctodiBR; directors' fees, salaries, rent, &c; , £1.292 18e, Id.; interest at £1.780 3s.; and the balance profit for 1889 at £33.560 13s. 7d. The ptobt account shows that the receipts from ore. copper, and smelting charges are £21i,£09 19*. 4d., and the rents from cottages £31 0 13e. 7du Tbe profit of tbe Wallaroo Com pany for the year ending December 31 laet was £28,550 13e. 7d. 'A little American Hop Bitters saves big doctor'E bills and long sickness,' rx32 HEolS 