WIT AND HUMOR. He wasn't superstitious. — Teacher (in grammar school) : " Your lesson to-day la on nouns. Nouns aro names of things." Small Boy: "Is ghost a noun ?" Teacher: xcb Small Boy : " How can it be ? They aiu't no such thing nB 11 ghost!" Her first wasp. — Boor Eflie (who has been stung) : "First it walked about all over my hand, and it was so nioo 1 But oh I — when it sat down !" Sho: "I've beon told that you are grave and sedate, but I'm sure I find you jolly." Ho: " Vos, I lose my specific gravity when you are tho centre of attraction." Had hoard him. — Mi-. Dogwood (solomnly): "My friend, have you been to hear the great revivalist, Sam Jones?" Sinner: "Yes, siree. Ha! ha! ha! Ain't he immense ?" Visitor : " What a beautiful library you have ! I really envy you." ltotirod Butcher : " Yes, and look at the bindings on them books." V.: "I seo they are all hound in e.lf " R.B.: "Just so. And I killed all t.hom calves myself what furnished tho loatlior." A confusion of terms. — Mr. Pigg : H'm — louime sec, how did your uncle John happen to leso his eight?" Mrs. Figg: "It was from a fall or a cataract, I don't remember which just now." Intelligence. — Chicago teacher: "Yos, corned hoof is ono of our most famous ox- ports. JNow, who oan tell me what stands next to cornod beef?" Boston Little Boy (triumphantly) : " Cabbage !" Census Enumerator : " Whore woro you born?" Citizon : " l'hore waz Oi born? Did ye ivor hoar th' loik ? An' me an Alder man in th' city of Now Yorruk! Sure, ye 7. moightknow O'iman Amerikin." Lovo matches not satisfactory,— Rebocoa : "Whon I'm dead, you won't love your second wife so much as you do 1110, will you, John P" John: "Iudood, I won't. I am going to marry my second wife for money." Dootor : Tako thoso powders as directed, and your cold will bo gono in two or threo days." Pationt : « You seem quito hoareo, doctor? " "Yes, I've had a bad coldifor four wooks." Tho worst thing about the woman who says " I told you so " is that she gonerally tells the' truth, 