A WRONG TURNING, " Dear fellow ! so glad to see you I But what a godless hour to arrive at. After 12 !' You must be frozen," cries Oswald Travers, all in one breath, as La vuelioQ rlmvn t.lia ctono chrmc t.r» wa!_ come his cousin. " Here, Iiiggins," to the butler, " see to Captain Dugdale's luggage. By Jove 1 what a night." "Couldn't come a second sooner," says Dugdale, springing front the dog cart and shaking the snow from his shoulders. "Thought up to the last that I shouldn't be able to come at all. As it is I've run it rather line, eh ? This is the 23rd and" — " The 24th, my good friend ; Christ mas Eve already. Here, come along, you must be positively famished." " Well, I could eat something," said Dugdale, laughing, and following him into the grand old hall, still ablaze with lights and with two roaring fires in it that seem determined to defy the wintry cold without. "Sir George and the mater and all the respectable members of the household are in bed," says Oswald, the eldest son of the name. " Tho more frivolous ones are still in the bil liard-room. But we can give them a wide berth for this night, at all events, as I expect you are tired; and, be sides, I want a word or two with you alone. My father had quite given you up — you are so late. Come along and let me show you your room whilst they are preparing some supper for you. Higgins, which is Captain Dugdale's rooml" " Blue chamber, .sir ; east wing." " All right, I say, old man," says Oswald, apologetically, stopping mid way upstairs to look back at his cousin, "I hope you won't mind, but you know what Sir George is at Christmas time. He will ask everybody all at once, and this time he has so outdone himself that wo have been obliged to double-bed some of the larger rooms. They've put one of the young, Ormsbys into yours; a quiet lad, 19 or so; steady, respectable, warranted not to bite# but rather a bore for you, never theless, I'm afraid." " Warranted not to snore would be more to the purpose," says Dugdale, laughing. " At all events it will only be for a day or two, as the Ponsonbys and tho Blakes leave directly after Christmas, j'm awfully sorry about it, but you know my father is incorrigible — never happy unless he has the house in an overflowing state. We have even had to put some of the girls in rooms with two beds to get space for the others." " Well, it's large enough to admit of half a-dozen beds," says Dugdale good- naturedly, as he enters the blue chamber and yrarms his hands thankfully before the . huge Are burning in vthe grate. As ho sseaks he looks around him, It is, indeed, a charming room, hand somely furnished and as comfortable as the soul of man could desire. . ,Tho extra bod, with hanging curtains of pale blue to matoh . the rest of .the fur niture, has been pushed into a corner so as to take as little as possible from the grandeur of tho " regular " bed stead that hangs with its hat- up against tho contral wall of tho apartment as though resenting tho intrusion of, the foreigner. '' Well, hurry up, and lot's get down to the dining-room," says Oswald ; " I've a lot to say to you." \- So much, indeed, that the night is far advanced before his say is said — tho fact that he has lately become on- gaged to tho " dearest girl in the world " having a good ' deal to do with this protracted conversation. Three o'clock has struck, and the dis tant sounds of merriment that reached them frOm the billiard-room have long sinco died into nothingness, when at length Dick Dugdale, rising from his chair, declares with a yawn that sleep has mastered hiui. He is a tall, lean, soldierly young man of about 29, with a singularly handsome face, and a skin browned by India's suns. He has, indeed, only just returned from the East — a good deal the slighter for his sojourn there— and being heart-whole, the next lieir to a baronetcy, has been, during the past week, tho subjeot of some specu lation among tho women assembled at Travers Court. "You won't lose your way, will you V says Oswald, as he bids him good- night ' on coming to a landing where their roads separate. . " You know the house too well for that-" " I should," says Dugdale, laughing. " This house has beeu my home too often to let a few years destroy all memory of it." He goes softly down, the corridor that leads to his room, calling out a last subdued good-night and walking delicately as Agag might, lest he should disturb the slumberers on either hand. A vague suspicion that perhaps after all he doesn't know his own room as well as he had believed, rouse3 .a mingled sense of consternation and amusement in his mind, so that when he comes to his- door he opens it cautiously and not without a certain sense of trepidation. ' All right, however. The large chamber presents itself to him in colors' blue as the sky ; the fire still burns as cheerily upon the hearth as it did three hours ago. Capital servants the Travers always have kept, by the way ; unless, indeed, the present glow ing furnace is to be attributed to the zeal of his sleeping partner in this room. By the way, what sort is he ? Flinging the coat he has just taken off upon a chair near him he turns his gaze upon the bed at the farthest end of the room — the bed in the corner; the bed appropriated to the steady, quiet, respectable 19-year-old lad, warranted not to bite, of whom Oswald had spoken in such glowing terms, to find it — empty. Mechani cally lie directs his attention upon the bed proper, to find it — full - "Why, confound that Ornisby boy ! Was there over such impertinence — such sybaritish selfishness 1 His heart, however, melts within him as he gazes upon what there is to be seen of this model of iniquity. What a small head ! with what a wealth of curling hair 1 A more boy it must be, in sore want of a barber. A timid boy, too ; evidently afraid of ghosts or such-like midnight visita tions, as he has tucked the clothes right round his neck and almost over his head. A mere' child ho must be, with brows as . white as that, and with breathing so soft, so noise less that one might well believe liim dead. Dead ! Dugdale had heard of corpses being discovered in double- bedded rooms before this — it is, indeed, quite an orthodox, good old story, but to have it come home to him in this abrupt way is not half so pleasant as the riiild imagining of it. To read of a tragedy is one thing ; to be mixed up with it is quite another. Taking up tho candle he advances quickly towards the bed and looks down upon the owner of those short brown curls. ' Great heaven ! what is this? By a miracle alone Dugdale prevents the candlestick from falling with a crash to the floor ; by a miracle, too, he. re presses the exclamation that rises to his lips,. The steady, respectable Ormsby boy, " warranted not to bite," has resolved himself into— ra girl l .And such a lovely girl, too! QJhe little, pretty, soft, dishevelled curls, brown as hazel-nuts, are lying on . a forehead'white as Parian marble. The rounded cheeks are flushed with sleep s fond heat, the . long . dark lashes lying on them, making - - a tender contrast with the crimson ground beneath ; the lips, red as cher ries ripe, are softly, indolently closed. If occurs to him that they might open at any moment, and then — Well, then 1 not the lips but the eyes open. Large, dark eyes, heavy with slumber scarcely broken, and for an instant they gaze straight up at him,- vaguely troubled — softly uncer tain. IJp to this point Dugdale had been rooted to tlie spot. To-say that he is filled with amazement would be but to give » poor explanation of his feelings ; that lie is frightened to death would be far nearer to it. How, seeing those half- conscious eyes on his, he gives way altogether. Hastily extinguishing .the toll-tale candle, he makes a dash for his coat and then for tho door, and rushes blindly down the now dark corridor. Towards the end, seeing a light gleam ing from ono of the apartments, ho makes for it in desperation, and — yes — thank heaven, there are two beds here also, the room is distinctly blue — he must have found his haven at lqst. Sinking into a chair, he presses his hand to his forehead, and listens with all his might. Will she scream? Rouse the house 1 Has she mistaken him for a burglar ? Or — blessed hope I — -has she been so little awakened that his rapid exit may have lpft her under the impression that all slie saw was but the outcome of a dream.- Somewhat relieved by this thought, he prepares, once more for bed. This time, at all events, he has made no mistake, the loud and healthy snores that come from tlie couch in the corner preclude tho smallest possibility of doubt. All then may yet be well. That ono hasty glance of hers could- have told her nothing, and there is no other clue. Placing his fingers in his waistcoat pocket to take out his watch he at once grows rigid, with consternation, Rn'd a' look of horror, overspreads his faco. His watch ! He has left it behind him 1 It is pro bably at this .. moment , ticking away — with quite disgraceful indifference to its owner's agony — upon her table 1 Alas 1 for that. dream theory of his ! Dreams come and go, but leave nothing tangible behind them. » # ' m "I say, whCre's Lilian?" asks Oswald, looking up from' the game- pie he was discussing. " Hot like her to bo late." "Ho, she is generally up to time," says Lady Rattleton, a lively-looking blonde, casting a sharp glance all round the breakfast table, "She didn't like that beating you gave her at billiards lost, night, perhaps, or else for once in her life she is lazy." " Wrong in both surmises,?' says Lady Travel's,' glancing from behind the huge silver urn asthe door opens and a little, slight girl, almost childlike in face and form, comes into the room. Very nervously . she comes forward, changing from white to red, and from red back again to white as she does so. " Well, Lily I come at last, dear?" . Dugdale's heart gives a big jump. That pretty head, with its short, nut- brown curls, harmless as it seems, strikes terror to his soul. He. grows almost vehement in his attentions to his . left-hand neighbor, a gaunt old maid with spectacles. Anything rather than meet the eyes of this little hesi tating new-comer. .... (to be continued.) Art Millinery Tauglit, by tho Parisian Millinery Co., 18. Victoria-arcade. Terms moderate. Mdlle. Le Gresley, Principal." I 