Stenograms. BY ALLEGRO. In an address recently delivered by Dr. Ahearne, in his capacity as President of the North Queensland Medical Society, upon the general hygienic conditions of the Northern portion of the colony, I find quite a new argu ment in favour of separation from the South. The argument is not stated in so many words, but I think it would be difficult to listen to that address without canying away the impression that the Northerners are so very free from disease as to be on that ground alone quite a distinct people, whom it behoves as soon as possible to segregate themselves from their unwholesome Southern kindred. The only disease they honestly own to is "inter tropic anaemia," and even of this it is said that when it docs not exceed a certain limit, it is positively beneficial, "by allowing the organism to accommodate itself to the influence of a tropical climate." I fancy I can even discern in the address symptoms of a desire to asso ciate Northern healthfulness with loyalty to Northern ideas. Such ft tendency is surely visible in the following sentence:—"We Beldom meet [in the North] tropical abscess of the liver; splenic enlargement is rare: we occa sionally find it in patients from Cairns; dysentery is not general; true oholera is un known, dengue but a name, Ac, 4c." Now why, of all towns in the North is Cairns ilone mentioned in the character of " shocking example?" Is it possible to dissociate this from the fact that the loyalty of Cairns to the separation cause is more than doubtful ? "We occasionally find splenio enlargement in patients from Cairns, and what else can you expect?" That is how the argument appears to run. Some time ago a Northern member, addressing a meeting at Cairns, managed to convey to his audience the idea that if they were not loyal to separation it would be the worse for them. It is only now that I see what he meant. As he himself afterwards explained, it was not a threat, however like one. What he meant — though, not befng a medical man, he couldn't explain it—was, that if the Cairnsites didn't go in square for separation their spleens would get larger than ever. I trust that when the colony of Carpentaria is established the Northern iMedioal Society will not lose sight of this point, but will carefully report the effect of separation upon the Cairns spleen. When Thingamy'a social millennium, to which we are all "Looking Forward," is established tn fall operation, it will be the business of the State to provide amusements for the com munity. Theatres will be subsidised—not, of course, with money, as there will bo no such thing; but, I presume, with labour- tickets, Vhioh will represent credit for so muoh flour and potatoes. The citizen will take his seat as a matter of right in the dress circle (it will be all dress circle in those days) and will imbibe State amusement on the same terms as his children imbibe State education. This condi tion of things is so very attractive in prospect that one cannot help asking why we should put it off to the late date which Thingamy chooses to assign to the establishment of his early Paradise. It is really nothing to me that the public of a hundred years hence will " see the show for nothing." By that time I shall have lost all interest in the theatre, exoept perhaps in that peculiar phase of matters theatrical in which " the ghost walks." One would like to know if it isn't feasible to anticipate that port of the social Revolution now, and to substitute the Queensland Government for Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. Now. I am afraid that with an enormous defioit burdening the very air we breathe, it is a bad time to propose that the State should nationalise our amusements as it has nationalised education. But I think I see a way in which it could be done by our municipalities, and that, too, without increas ing the expense of municipal administration except in the matter of gas. It is not a mere idea of my own. I find that it has already been put in practice, and with satisfactory results. If the kind of amusement to which my prescription refers is not precisely a play, but something equally good, I presume the conditions of the problem are none the less fulfilled. Well, the simple reoelpt is that municipal councils should hold their meetings in the evenings, when the general body of rate payers will be able to take advantage of their privilege of being present. Here i 3 how the arrangement worked in Maryborough. (Ton must know that they had it there, then dis continued it, and are now trying to get it back again). I take the words of Alderman Bryant, who strongly opposes the return to night meet ings. " When they had them before," he says, " the ratepayers used to roll up to see a bit of fun, and said that to go to the council meeting was as good as a play." I should just like to know why the public should pay for its amuse ment when, with proper arrangement, ." as good as a play" can be had for nothing. Although the Daily . Northern Argus may almost, on account of its enthusiasm for the cause, be considered the organ of Central Terri torial Separation, none the less is its the hand which has dealt the cause one of the severest blows it has sustained since the agitation began. The stroke is, of course, uninten tional, but, for all that, it may well prove fatal. The Argm ought surely to be aware that the decision of the Colonial Office will depend largely upon the impression there pro duced of the importance of Bookhampton as a city, and as a candidate for metropolitan rank. Subtract Bookhampton from the cause, and it will be the same as if the oause had suffered decapitation. The Argus ought also to be aware that the impression produced at the Colonial Office regarding Bockharapton will depend largely on the local papers, copies of which are undoubtedly examined by Lord Knutsford's secretaries with a view to coaching him up on the Central question. Now, it is from little unintentional paragraphs that these acute secretaries will set themselves to pick up the real state of things, and just fancy what conclusion Lord Knutsford will draw when one of them lays before him a clipping from a recent Argus which announces that there is a band of three Italian musicians performing in East street, and which, after lauding them a3 " the best musical trio that have visited us since June, 1889," makes public the important fact that " they arrived from the South by yester day's boat 1" " Now, by my halidom," he will say (for that, I believe, is how these great lords express themselves), " this aspiring capital is but a fraud. Oramercy, what sort of a place can that be, any way, where the arrival of three street musicians and the exact date thereof are signalised by announcement in the public prints ? By the Ford of Knut, I have been all but had! Bramston, pigeonhole me that petition! No—not that hole. The farthest off one in the topmost row." They say that the sentiment of Revenge is dying out of human nature. Men have found out that, when accomplished, it does not yield anything like the satisfaction it promised. Be sides, Bevenge, the real old-fashioned Revenge, requires long preparation, and patience, and cold-blooded calculation, all which are alien to the spirit of this hurry-scurrying age. But there is still some of it left in us, and I for one would like to expend my last remaining drop of it on some worthy object. For a choice, I should like to spend it on the man, or set of men—but ft always think of them as one concentrated idiot—who cables to us from England such insults to our intelligence as the following, whioh I have just been bespattered with in the course of my necessary trudging through the day's news:— "A marriage is on the tapis between the eldest son of a well-known master of hounds and one of the most distinguished dibutantes of the last season." Now, is there any punish ment, Bhort of putting him to death, that would suffice to convince the brainless ass who sends us these things of the enormity of his folly? I Bhould like to kill him off with just one cablegram of his own sort, but from the colonial point of view. I should like to send him, say, this .one item—a genuine one—l take it from " Eungella Notes " in » Mackay news- paper—" A marriage is on the tapis between a well-known sawyer and an equally well-known domestic in one of our principal hostelries." I think if he just got that between the eyes, and had time before he died to see his folly in all its stupendous nakedness, my revenge would be satisfied. Will anybody pay the charge for the cablegram ? Some ridiculous-people are proposing to cele brate this year the three hundredth anniversary of the invention of the compound microscope by Hans and Zacharias Janssen, of Middlebury. If they carry out their idea, I hope they will observe the day as one of fasting and humilia tion, and deprecation of further evils. I know of no invention which has brought so much unhappiness to civilised mankind as that of the compound microscope. It has destroyed more romance than all other scientific instruments, processes, and methods put together. Before it was invented, mankind lived in a joyous atmosphere that was thronged with guardian angels. Thanks to the com pound microsoope, we now live in an atmosphere so thronged with pestiferous micro-organisms that we hardly dare breathe it except through a mentholized inhaler. Before these horrible Janssens came into being, one could quench one's natural thirst at the crystal spring—blessing the gods for the pore sweet gift. Thanks to the Janssens, we daren't drink water now without mingling with it sufficient poison to de-vitalise the monsters with which it abounds. Why, confound the Janssens, you can hardly even kiss a woman now with any sense of comfort, for the com pound microscope has revealed that in the corners of the mouth, where witchery is sup posed preferentially to lurk, there lurk instead any number of minute comma-shaped anim— Faugh! Phew! Ouch (Guttural ch, please)! And we are to honour the Janssens? • • . The devil take them! 