Evicting a Ghost Almost every town or vitlago has its haunted house, and tho settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception, Hero a number of English cfiicers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respeotivo commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauohamp'd house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in tbo wall of the house — not in one place, but iu several at once, and then he heard a long drawn sigh. This wus the IdBt feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him. vowing tbat tbo plnce was haunted. The notoriety so aheaply earned bccame exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number ot ohildien in tho family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave ao-entcrtainment. Finally, ono of tho men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seat ing himself noar it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and whon twolvo or fifteen inohes above tho basket it began to wave to and fro ae if in obedience to tho measure of the mueio. After tho snake dance— or tbo enako ?' charming,' as Europeans aro wont to call it— tho Indian snake-obarmer walked around the house, and among tho bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives ho said ho would take out a cobra whioh ho thought wau in tho hole. Seating himself before tho hole tbo magician began his mournful plaint. I? or fifteen minutes ho kept up the noise, and then from the opening t-horo appeared tho ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being direotly at tho base of the wall of the bouBe. Tho man examiuod it a few momeutB carefully, then began to play upon tho flute. Hardly had tho group gathered about tho performer before a most remarkable noise ' oamo from the house. First, there waB a ! souud as of escaping steam ; .then a sound of eome great body striking the wall and rub* j bing against the timbers. Dust in cloudB oame from thehole, and the 'obarmer' started baok in terror, overturn* ing the man behind him. Recovering him self, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a oobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depioted on tho nativo's face and horror on those of many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of the tail, and fivo feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage ho shouted in Hindustaneefor the lookers*cn to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon tho tail, be pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inoh by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feot— eighteen, was there no end? — eighteen feet of quivering snake-flesh as large aB a man's thigh. A quiok jerk and the entire monster was clear— at Icaet twenty feot in length— big ^nough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. Tbe native was, however, not in the least dis couraged. He clung to tho tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by -turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, tho spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfeotly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion oould be kept up the man wa« safe, but if the monster could reaoh him he would iu a moment beorushed in the horrible folds ot the reptile. It eoon bocame apparent thot tho charmer knew what he was about. Not far from tho house stood a stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, nnd toward this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When ho was within twenty *flve feet of it, it dawned upon tho few ppectators what ho was about to do. This was to strike tho head of th'e reptile against tho pole. Nearer ho come, whirling faster and faBtcr, until the reptilo stood out like a whip*]aeh, anu then, with a quick step for* ward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crushing Bound. He released his hold, and tho great reptilo doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into tbe air, finally dropping limp 'and lifeless to the ground. Ono thing was evident, tbat there was tho 'ghost.' 