The flypnotio Epidemic (By Dr. S. W. Bichardam in tht Atckpiad.) We are passing at this present moment through a mental epidemic which may be called the hypnotic, or the epidemic of hypnotism. These mental epidemics are very similar, to those that are purely physical. They often take the . spreading orm which constitutes . them epidemical. They start from one particular centre, and follow, special lines of human intercourse. They recur in regular, series, appear, disap pear, or nearly disappear, then reappear in full force, arrest the attention of , the world, and once more subside. They seem to be modified by external conditions, and it might almost be said by season, or, at all events, by cycles or courses of years. In the phenomena by which they are mani fested, the bodily or physical phenomena combine with, the spiritual or mental, both leading to certain aberrations which may most correctly De designated disease, or diseased condition, of body and of mind. The above are striking features of an epidemical outbreak; but there is one other in this hypnotic epidemic, still more striking than all the rest— viz., that the persons iff whom the phenomena of it are most easily manifested are they who, by nervous constitution, are most impression able, persons who, constitutionally, are easily overcome by external vibrations, who feel most keenly the natural shocks that flesh is heir to, and who are led to rely and trust on others more than on themselves.' The people so constituted, ' Hypnotics,' in our own communities, are by no means insignificant in number, and in some . parts of the world they exist in very large numbers in deed. With U3 they are most frequently met with amongst women, but men are not exempt. We may speak correctly of mm oa nprs/nifl nrpHinnfiRmi tn lTnnrffa sional influences, and in some points of view to an enfeebled organisation. I see in Dr. Tnckey's recent and able work on 'Psycho-therapeutics,' that some authors consider them all as of hysterical cast, and it is not to.be denied that many of them are strongly hysterical. They are not: all of this type, and with' regard to them as a class, it is most correct to say that hysteria is .rather to. be accepted in them as a common coincidental affection than as a cause of the impressionability to which they are subject.- I mean' by this that they are hysterically inclined, for the same reason that they are' impressionable, the tendency to both conditions lying be hind both, and being independent of boih. So it happens that some of the impression able are hysterical, whilst others are not, or, at all events, have never shown proof, of the connection by the presentation of decided hysterical phenomena. What the nrimitive peculiarity or failure may be is not easily definable, beyond the bare state ment that, all members of the class. have certain general attributes and qualities which distinguish them, to a considerable extent, as a class. They aie of the nervous, combined with the bilious tem perament. They are always . sympathetic in their tendencies, commonly distrustful of their own power*, ready at any moment to fly to others in the face of danger, and in the defence of their opinions obstinate rauicr iauu reauiuu*. m uioi ucauiipuuus of events with which they have been per sonally connected they ore apt to be con tradictory when closely pressed, and yet stubborn,- after all on some prticular point. :. They are freely, communicative of what they have Jelt, and have seen, and iere is, I believe, invariably a touch of self-romance' about them which makcs.them paint in strong colors events connected jjrith their personal experiences. They perhaps all share in one article of ' belief ; they believe in ghosts, and, as a' rule, they do not conceal their beliefs in this. matter. Hence they listen to, and read with avidity, stories of the ghostly and marvellous kind, and are even pleased et being frightened by what they hear. In .plain words, an inborn love for the mysterious is a true part' of their nature. It seems to me that we need not go far to seek the genesis of the class of man and woman-kind here depicted. We may not be able to describe f be, constitutional - basis of their mental state, but wo may, perhaps, detect without much difficulty, its natural heredity. It is Eastern in its origin, and , in . it lingers tbo old and fabled lore of ghosts, fairies, ekes, wizard*, and witches, that was a prevailing faith, held worthy of Most acceptance np to. days separated from these days hft a very few generations. Go 8Mb in this England, six generations onjy, and there is a generation in which tbo wisest and the best of th« people were firm In ibeir beliefs in all the orto p divination, and oven in tbo an that wonld now bo set down to the divination of . hypnotism. X great .nd wise, ana, wiuit, u more, gooa juuge, on «av tbcw Hole, would have hod np difficulty whatever in accenting nU'tho utatomonts that havo lately won formulated relative to the power of 'suggestion,' and tho power of exceptional individuals in leading or misleading otlwra by the Influence of their* will olono, , Tho picture of witch craft U of a craft of, that character pre 4i«a1y7 nothing mora and nothing Ichv The beliefs in tbeso craft* are transmitted Ifrop^wnt^ child, p*rtWby oonm MHOD -na wbiiuoKi jhuuj vj uie uwiv jnyftfiriousandsunttocfTcctl of proclivity inherited from the womb. I» it strong* that within tbo narrow limits ol i!x gener ation, there should jet remain many per mm in whom the primltto toUeft of ftg «n' «til« taflmtod, m4 ia whom ib% physical iconditions necessary . for -t the develbpement of the impressionable nature Ehonld actively\sarvive ? . So far from this being a wondeft t^ real wonder is that a larger c\mmnnitv of the- same type does not exist in our timj. The fae'that the impressionable community is so small as it is, is a mighty proof of the advance of mental progress towards a true and comprehensive grasp and knowledge of natural law and ordinance. ?- I spoke in last Atclepiad of the tnorituri. jl ex plained the fact of the- existence amongst us of an order of adult human beings, who are at any moment liable to ] death from some very slight shock of either- a mental or physical character. In like manner there are always amongst us a number of neurotics, who are Teady at any moment to be overcome by external impressions, and to give way to commands or instmctione flowing from a superior viU. These are the persons who come tinder tha influence of what was in old days called spell and witchcraft,, in {later days mesmerism, and in these latest days lTpUOufilXla ? ' 