ORIGINAL POETRY. THE CHILDREN'S GHOSTS. Ye come to me, O little ones, From out the shadowland With eyes no longer lit by suns Of any earthly strand. Cold, childish fingers clasp again, Chill lids unclose once more, And faces, free from fear and pain, Look as they looked of yore. No shadow of the future lies Upon each youthful head, An eager glow is in the eyes, That dream not of the dead. Ah! who could think so drear a blight Could in a moment fall, And hide these figures from the light, Beneath so dark a pall. The first I see, a boyish face. His eyes with laughter rife. The brown limbs full of childish grace, impetuous with life. I see the sudden, piteous change, The lips that try to smile, And then the last look, sad and strange, That seals the dying smile. Again ! a dimpled, baby-face Is pressed against my check; Once more a little form I chase In games of hide-and-seek. Ah me! why did she tire of play That fateful summer night— So many glad to go away ; Why take a life so bright? The next, a wan form hovers by With wondering, wistful eyes; Shed tears upon their lashes lie, The pale lips part with sighs. That tiny, crippled frame was worn Too sore for us to stay The Reaper's band that early morn When he passed by the way. And last, a child-girl's breathless sobs Break on my bursting heart, So strong a life within her throbs, It seems too hard to part; And yet, despite the prayed-for years, Death, who had deemed it best, Did bid me cross, thro' blinding tears, The young hands on her breast O childish lives for which I mourned! O breath I held so dear! On you a lovelier light has dawn, Maybe, than any here. Ye lay so tranquil at the last That, looking down the years, A glory on your heads is cast That satisfies my fears. So come to me, O little ones From out the shadowland, The faces be unlit by suns Of any earthly strand. Your gentle ghosts I will not fear, But bless each childish wraith That keeps one space of nature clear For memory and faith. JENNINGS CARMICHAEL 