MUSICAL EVENTS. The performance of Gounod's sacred trilogy, The Redemption, by the Melbourne Philhar monic Society, on Good Friday, is the most important event calling for notice in this column. The work is not new to Melbourne having been given twice previously by tho same society. Anything like a complete or exhaus tive analysis of the oratorio would therefore be out of place. The composer has aimed at setting forth the Saviour's Passion and Death, His life on earth after His Resurrection, and the spreading of Christianity throughout the world by the Apostles. There is also a short prologue upon the Creation, the Fall, and the -promise of a Redeemer. In his Messe Solennelle, and his many sacred songs, Gounod has shown himself to be a man of intense religious feeling, and this aspect of his character is fully sustained by the present trilogy, his treatment of tho sublime truths of tho Christian faith being throughout marked by a spirit of the deepest reverence. And yet it may be doubted whether the composer's judgmeut of his work, to which he has affixed the words Opus Vila: .Vac will bo endorsed by tho general verdict of musicians. Of the extreme beauty and true inspiration of many parts of the Redemption, as of the dovotion that breathes in its every line, there can be no question, but the almost con tinuous monotone of the passages allotted to the two narratois, who unfold the incidents treated of in tho oratorio, has a tendency to bccomo tedious, relieved though it is by cou- j stantly varying accompaniment. The very frco j use, too, ot augmented triads, and otlier euro- 1 matic progressions, becomes, after a time, | almost irksome, and an ordinary common chord ' comes sometimes as a positive relief. The most I impressive parts of tho work are the March to Calvary, in which tho bru tality of the Roman soldiery, and tho insults of tho priests and tho Jewish rabble accompanying the sad procession are interrupted by the solemn strains of tho chorale Vexilla Regis, wherein the holy womon make lamentation, tho march subject boing after wards resumed and worked in conjunction with tho chorale ; the darkness and earthquake after the Crucifixion ; the magnificent chorus which opens part II. of tlic triology proper, whero the trumpet calls from opposite euds of the orchestra arc so important a feature ; and the concluding chorus ot tho second part, both from a musical and a dramatio point of view, is the climax of tho work. Otlier numbers might also bo cited, either for their melodic cliann or for higher qualities, but tho above will suffice. Tho very small amount of contrapuntal writing in tho oratorio, almost tho sole cxamplo being afforded by the chorus, Ho Liko tho Holy Ghost, may bo pointed out ; wliilo tho introduction of tho Saviour, as one of the dramatis persona, is note worthy, no protest having been aroused by what Is to English aiulionces an innovation, an objection to tho impersonation of Christ in cer tain other oratorios having hitherto been suffi cient to prevent their performance in England. The performance of this work by the Phil- hurmonio Society was on tho whole fairly satisfactory, tho points to whioh excoption can be taken being neither numerous nor gonerally of great importance. Tho most noticeablo failure ocourred in tho polyphonio portion of tlio final oliorus. Tho true musician never con siders any point unimportant ; and attention to matters of dotail often makes all the differonco between a good and a mcdiooro performance. Mr. Peako, tho conductor, is deserving of praise for tbe results achieved, whioh would, however, havo been improved by a little mora dis- crimination in tho uso of tbo organ, and by tho adoption .of a loss dragging tompo in several numbers. Tho principal vocalists were : — Mrs. Palmor, Madame Chris iian, Sir. Armcs Beaumont, Mr. A H. Goo and Mr. Gladstone Wright ; of theso Mr. A. H. Gee may be be specially singled out for having given an excellent rendering of the music allotted to tho character of the Saviour, while Sirs. Palmer was most successful In the solo and chorus From Thy Love aB a Father. The society had the assistance of the Victorian Orchestra, Mr. Curtis acting as leader; a word of praise is due that gentleman and those asso ciated with bim as having largely contributed to the generally creditable rendering of the oratorio. The Town Hall was densely, indeed inconveniently crowded, and the Redemption was listened to with close attention, the audience on several, occasions showing a disposition to violate the rule which forbids applause at per- rermances 01 so sucreu a cnaraccer. A sacred concert took place on the same even ing at the Freemasons' Hall under the direction of Messrs. Hamilton Clarke, G. B. Fentum and W. J. Turner. The programme consisted of vocal selections and choruses interspersed with organ solos. Of tho vocalists, Miss Ado Cross- ley and Signer Euzzi met with the most recog nition from the large audience present. Tho Victorian Orchestra gave two so-called "holiday programmes" iu Holy week; not many holiday makcis were attracted however, the attendance being pour 011 the Thursday and worse on tho Satnrdny. On the former uccasion the Lenore Symphony of Raff was the principal " number, and of this the orchestra gave an excellent rendering. The samo may also bo said of the Entr'acte from Can nod's La Colombe, a repetition of which would evidently havo been agreeable to tho majority of the audience. The other numbers were the ballet music from Rubinstein's Feramorz and the overtures to Ricnzi (Wagner), William Tell (Rossini) and Tho Merry Wives (Nicolai); all of these wore well played, though the firstnnmed has been heard to greater advantage at previous concerts of the series. Saturday's concert con tained a light and melodious trifle called Les Gazouillcraents, by Mr. Hamilton Clarke, and the third of Meyerbeer's four Fackc-ltiiuzc, or Torchlight dances. the other numbers being all very familiar. Haydn's "Surprise" was the symphony selected; and no tault.can be found with the treatment it received at the hands of the orchestra. The programme also comprised the fine ballet music from Gounod's Reine do Saba, Weber's overture to Der Frei- schutz and the hackneyed Zampa overture of Hirold. Paul Jones continues to draw very largo audiences at the Opera House, nor is this matter for surprise. Quite apart from the pretty, tuneful music, the pointed dialogue and tho gorgeous mounting, the uniform excellence of the performance is hound to secure the popular favor. Miss Nellie Stewart, under whom tho whole undertaking lias been planned and carried out, makes a most charm ing Yvonne, and acts, sings and dances ns if the cares of management sat lightly upon her. Madame Burton's artistic use of her fine con tralto voice and her admirable impersonation of the hero are qnite to the taste of tho audience, while the singing of Mr. Woodfield and Mr. Gourlay, tbe clever danciDg of the latter, and tho really " ad- mirablo fooling" of Messrs. Snazello and Lcitch, are received with every demonstration of approval. The excellent chorus and efficient nrnlinsfcra sneak volumes for the time and naiiis devoted to those departments by Mr. Alfred Flumpton, the musical conductor, who seoms to havo neglected no point which could contribute to tho success of the opera from a musienl point of view ; and judging from appearances it will be long beforo any change of programme at the Opera House is announced. Tho Melbourne popular concerts, under the direction of Mr. Otto Liuden, will bo resumed next Monday, and from the ability of tho artists engaged, as well as from the list of works to ho performed, the season promises to be an unusually interesting one. Among com- positions new to Melbourne may be cited Dvorak's quintet iu A, Brahms's quartet in G minor, and Rubinstein's trio in B flat ; while the repetition of Schumann's magnificent quin tet in E flat will bo welcome to all musicians. An alteration is to bo made in the lately e3tab- lulled series of organ recitals at the Freemasons' Hall. These will in future take plaoe on Satur day evening instead of Wednesday afternoon, and the programme will bo diversified by vocal selections. Mr. G. B. Allen, the woll known opcratio impresario, conductor, and composer of sacred and secular music, is about to take up his abode in the Queensland capital. His advent will be welcomed by all who take interest in the musical art, for ho has held a leading position ainonast professional men for many years past. BATON. 