(Continued raoto'wfctaisdax's Issub.) l[x«r, EIGHTS ke8erved.] THE PENNYCOMEQU1CKS. 4 . BY S. BARING-GOULD, Author of " Mehalah," " Court Rot At," "John Herring." " The GavSSOCks," etc. CHAPTER XXXV, ft&FV.; When I was a boy I posses^d a pet owl. It was a source of amusement to mo to feed that owl with mite*. When the trap had caught one of these night disturbers, I took it to the solemn owl, who sat blinking ir^.the daylight, half awake and half asleep. Tile owl at once gulped down the h'<i\l5e,and then went fast asleep with 'mouse in her in side, but with end of the tail protruding from faef beak. About an hour later I went the owl, took hold of the end of the mouse's tail and pulled it, whereupon up the throat of the owl came the mouse-, back wards, and the bird of wisdom wis roUsod to wild wonder and Jirofottrtd pizzlement to account for the -s&ddfexl; disgorging of her meal. Mrs. Sidebottom had bolted Uncle Jeremiah and was doing her best to digest him and his fortune, when, unexpectedly, her meal came to life again, and she sat gulping, blinking, bemuzzled in her sitting room waiting for the return of Lambert from the billiard table, to communicate to him the news that had reached her. Anyone who had seen my owl would perceive at once that the case of Mrs. Sidebottom was analogous. The consternation could hardly have been greater on Quilp reappearing when a posse of wives were sitting discussing him, esteemed dead; and yet Jeremiah Was no Quilp. But it is not Quilps alone who would produce dismay were they to return to life-. Imagine the emotions produced in a hdspital which has ■ received a beqlicst of ten thousand pounds, and ha4 spent fifteen guineas on the portrait of the benefactor, should the bene factor descend from the frame, declare him self alive, and require the return of his thousands. Think of the junior partner, who had been waiting till a senior shuffled off his mortal coil to make room for him ; how would he feel were the dead to return to life ? Think of the curate waiting for the living, the next presentation to which is for him, should the old rector, after having laid himself down in his grave, change liii mind and get out and resume his benefice for another fifteen yeais ! Mrs. Sidebottom had but just received news of the reappearance of Uncle Jeremiah, and, like an energetic woman, she wasted aB little time as might be in exclamations of dismay. She was not the - woman to hover in uncertainty, and ask advice how to get out of a difficulty. Like one who has trodden in mire, she pulled her leg out instantaneously to set it on dry and firm rrrnnnd. " I don't know how the law stands, and whether the sentence of the Court of Probate can be reversed," she said, " but of one thing I am very sure—that he who has can hold, and tire out those who try to open his hands, if he has any wit." Then in came Lambert. " Oh, Lamb!" exclaimed his mother, " here is a pretty predicament we are in. My brother Jeremiah has come to life again!" The captain burst out laughing. " This is no laughing matter," said his mother, testily. " How can you be "such a hyrena ? Jeremiah has re-appeared tit Mer gatroyd, and there is—well I can't mince matters—the devil to pay. I presume he will want to reclaim what we have distributed between us. The mill, of course, with the business,he will take back under his control, and cut off the supply thence. That is a serious matter—and then there is the money he left " " Which I suppose he will require you to return." " Which I can't and won't return. Bless me, Lamb, what a state of things ! Our income reduced from half the profits of the business to one-sixth, which he cannot not touch, as that come3 to me under my marriage settlement. We must leave England— we must leave at once. I shall know nothing about Jeremiah's return. I shall keep away till I see in what humour he is, what he intends to do, and in what light lie regards me. There are trifles connected with the administration I don'tcare to meethim about. As for his savings, his securities, and so on, I will return nothing"—she stamped her foot— "no, Lamb ; for, in fact, I can't !" " How do you know that he is back, and that this is not a false alarm 1" "Look here " She tossed a letter to him. " It is laconic. He wrote it with a sneer —I know he did. Jeremiah never liked me. He has disappeared,and has come to life again, out of spite." Captain Ponnycomequick—to be correct, Penycombe-Quick—took tlio letter and read it with a smile. It was short. "Dear Louisa,—I am back, hearty again. I have been to Algiers for my health. I had rheumatic fever, and when I came round I found you had already pronounced me dead, and had divided the spoils—concerning which, a word later. — Your affectionate brother." " Jeremiah P." "Is it his handwriting?" asked Lambert. " Of course it is. Here is a pretty mess for me to be in. I shall have everyone laughing at me,because I swore that the man in the shirt and great coat was Jeremiah. ' Concerning which—the spoils—a word later.' What does he mean by that, but that he proposes calling mo to account for every penny? I will not remain in England. I can not. I will not receive this letter." " Bub you have received it." " I shall make my landlady return it, with a note to say that she took the liberty to open it, so as to be able to write to the sender, and say that I have gone abroad for my health. Where shall I say I have gone to?—To Algiers, whence Jeremiah has just returned." " You cannot do that." "But I will. Self-preservation is the first law. As for the money—I lost some by thatBoaple Yeo; not much, but some. I was so prompt, and had such presence of mind, that I caught the man and made him refund before he had got rid of moBt of it. I have money in securities—railway debentures and foreign loans. I have all the papers by me —I trust no one but myself, since my faith has been been shaken by Smithies. Lamb, we must be off directly. It would be too much a shock to my nerves to see my brother that was dead and is alive again. What are you laughing at, Lamb? You really are silly." " There is some prospect now of my com ing to that hundred and fifty, I hope," said the captain. "Uncle Jeremiah may now nrrite another will." " How selfish you are! You think only of yourself, not how I am afflicted. But, Lamb, I have had you sponging on me all these years, and keeping me in an exhausted financial condition that is intoler able." " We shall reverb to our former condition I suppose, now," said Lambert, uncon cernedly. " That is precisely what I cannot do. Re turn to poverty and milddle-class society, the very crown and climax of which is a Lord *nd Lady Mayoress—when we are on jfclie eve of making the acquaintance of county people! What have you done for yourself? You have been too inert to seize the chances I have put m your way. You must marry money. Jane Mulberry wa3 worth five hundred jjer annum, and you let her slip through your fingers." " She had a moustache." " She had money. Five hundred pounds would gild it. Then there was MiBs Smitli son." " She was insipid." "What of that? The insipid women make the best of wives, they are so non- resistant. In marriage, men should be teetotallers and take weak and washy women. They aro far the best to get on with." " Don't think I've much fancy for such," said the captain, languidly. . " I tremble to think," said his mother, angrily, "what the offspring of a weak woman and such an unenergetic man would be." " Then why recommond such a marriage?" " Becauso we must consider ourselves, not the unborn [possibilities. However, to re turn to the subject that now most occupies me. My condition is desperate. You must marry. I cau support you no longer." "And so you deport me to Algiers?" "My dear boy, we are no); going to Algiers." " Then where to ^ " To Andcmatt. " Andermatt!—Where is that1!" " On. the Saint Gotfchard." "And.pray why to Andermatt on the St-. Gotthard." " Because Mrs. Baylies is therGi'1 " Oh, by all means/' " What tnnkea you say 'by all means?' " asked his Mother sharply. . , " She's a-jolly girl, gddd looking1, inti. tio nonsense about hei-." . "Do you 'tbiftgiViiifclwould take you to her if that welo all ? You know she is a widow. She has her hundred and fifty from what was sunk by Jeremiah when. Bhe lAavrip&but; that is not all;; she ha? Tjeon^ leifc pro vided for ,bjjr heir, iguana, Mr., Albert Baynes. a kri'ow all about it. I ' got every thing out of Salome. I told her how anxious I was about her sister, how pained I was concerning her bereavement, and how I hoped that she was not left; in baxl .circuit stances. Salome very openly told ine that she was very comfo^Wtly provided for, and no stimulation made about marrying again. I know what Salome meant when she lot mo draw that out of her—she meant that you should know; but I thon had my eye on Miss Smithson. However, now that, wo must go abroad we may an well kill two birds with one stone. Besides, as Jeremiah took such a lively interest in Janot, ho may be gratified at your marrying • hor, and not press me with demands which I could not comply .with—which I will not, no, I will not comply with." "But she is in bad health." " Oh, nothing but sentiment at her hus band's death; besides, if she is delicate, all the better." " I don't see that," said the captain, feebly distrusted at his mother's heaftlessiiess. "Fiddle-faddle*" said Mrs. Sidebottom; " it is all part of the bUsiness—it goes with widows' caps. When I lost Bid'ebottoin I Was warnl to a shadow and got a cough; but I begin to recover flesh when I. went into half morning, iita'd l'dst niy cough with my weeds. When your appear on the scene it will be codliver oil to her." " It will be very dull at this . place you speak of.' " Of course it will be dull and hateful, but what will you have ? I sacrifice myself for you. You must get off my hands and shift for yourself; I have had you as a charge too long. I want to Bee you well provided for, and as the Smithsen and Jane Mulberry failed, you must take the Baynes. I can't tell you exactly what she is worth, but I will ascertain from Salome, who is there, before you commit yourself. Remember, Lamb, wo must go. I cannot stay here and face Jeremiah." " Why not 1 It would be the most honour able thing to do,, and might answer the best in the end." "Icannot do' it. Why—how would you feel—how could you feel towards a person who had pronounced you dead, and proceeded towards the surgeon who proceeded to dis sect him before he was dead! No, -Lamb, I will not remain. I can always write to Jeremiah, and express my profound astonish ment to hear of his return, and assume an air of injury that I should have been been left in the dark so long. Indeed, I think that will be the card to play—throwthe blame on him, and if the case comes into court, I can lay stress on this. Wilfully he allowed me to remain in ignorance of his existence. Something had to be done. The factory would not go |on of itself. The factory could not be carried on without money. The business', would go to pieces unless energeti cally prosecuted. Jeremiah may feel grateful, and ought to feel grateful to me, that I acted with sucli readiness in the mat ter and saved the firn^f Pennycomequick from ruin. I can bring in a heavy bill against him for my services. However, I had rather do this from a distance, and by letter. I will take tho injured tone, and make him dance to that tune." to administer t man might Mrs. Sidebottom was a worn,in of resource. She never suffered herself to - be discouraged by adversity ;j and adversity now faced her wearing the mask of her brother returned to life. She had much energy of character and fertility of invention, which, if she had been a woman of principle, instead of unscrupulous self-seeking, might have made her a valuable person in society. She was at present frightened—she had invested some of the money she had drawn - to herself from Jeremiah's savings in a manner that promised well; some she had lost. She neither desired to be called to account for what she had squandered, nor to be forced ta reimburse those happy speculations which were likely to place her in easy circumstances. Until she had had good professional advice, and until she knew what her brother intended, she considered that safety lay in absence. She went about in York, leaving her card ; and when she saw a friend, she told her that she was off to the Continent for a bit of a change. She had not been very well, and the doctors had insisted on variation of scene and air, and she felt herself that life was too short to spend it in one place. Tho world was large and must be seen, and those dear snowy mountains—they possessed for her a fascination she had struggled against, but had been unable further to resist. " My dear Mrs. Jacques, you lcno'w what anxiety and care I had last year about my poor brother's affairs—winding up, you know. I held up through it all, animated by a sense of duty, but it told on me in the end, and now I am going to relax. C shall spend the summer in the Alps, and unless I am much better I shall go to Algiers for the winter. Have you any friends who will bo there next Christmas 1 Oh, my dear I to think of Christmas in Algiers ; a hot sun and no plum pudding!" Mrs. Sidebottom had not the faintest desiro to spend a winter in Algiers ; she thought Mentone, or Florence, or Pau would suit her bettor, according to whore she could get into the best society, and she resolved to leavo the determination to the future ; if she found during the summer people whom it was worth her while hanging on to, and who were wintering anywhere abroad, she would attach herself to them. But with that curious crookedness which prevails in some natures, she went about asking questions about hotels and pensions at Algiers, keeping her ears open at the same time to hear of persons of position who were likely to winter elsewhere. It was possible that, if she made it well-known that she would winter in Algiers, acquaintances would tell her of friends of theirs who wore wintering else where. Nor was she wrong. " Oh, I am so sorry you are not going to Mentone, Sir William. Pickering is going there because of the health of dear Lady Pickering. Such charming people — you would have liked to know them—but as yon are going Algiers, of course I cannot get you acquainted with each other." Mrs. Side bottom knew well enough that if she had said she was going to Mentone this piece of information would not have vouchsafed her. " Oh ! Mrs. Sidebottom—you are visiting Algierc. There is a nice young lady,a niece, going there. She is in a decline. I shall be eternally obliged to you if you would show her kindness; she is badly off, and it would be goodness itself if you would just look,in now and then and ascertain that she is com fortable and not imposed on." "My dear Mrs. Tomson, you coiild not have asked me to do anything that would fiave pleased me more—but unfortunately it is not certain I am going to Algiers. If I make up my mind to go I will write to you for the address of your niece, and you may rely on me, I will do my utmost for her." This was accompanied by an internal mem.: —Have nothing further to do with 'Mrs. Tomson. I'm"" not going abroad to be any body's nurse. Heaven forbid. "Oh, Mrs. Sidebottom ! So you are off to Switzerland and Algiers. Now there could be nothing more opportune. We are going to have a bazaar to raise money for the re ■ lief of the peasants in France, who have suf fered from the war. Would you mind send ing as your contribution a box of charming Swiss carvings and delightful Algerian and Moorish pottery—tho latter will Bell rapidly and at high prices—you are so good and charitable, I know you will." " I will certainly do so. Bely on me. I intended to have had a stall; I will send two cases instead"—with a mental mem:—For get all about the bazaar till it Is over and then write a proper apology. "Oh—Mrs. Sidebottom! I've lost my maid again. As you are going to Switzer land, will you do me the favour of looking out for a really serviceable girl—you know my requirements—and arrange all about trains and so on, so that she may reach me safely. Perhap3 you would not mind ad vancing her journey- money and I will repay it—if she suits, of which I have no doubt. I am determined to have no more English servants." | Mrs. Sidebottom found that her acquain tances were eager to make usa of her, buS ,hon she had sufficient knowledge of the vorld to expect that. " Have .you secured through tickets) Lamb "Yes, mother.'1 Then we ftro bff td-hibWdwi' cSapter XXXYi; v .. t .Deposed'. -,, .. Gone tis a dream !—that brief, period iof hope and happiness pnd, contort, yhiliji had a disquieting tirp^ijoit Apeiilng before liini', as disqi,iifttwg;r.s tn&t; wljich .drove. Mrs'. SiAn'&tl;'bm Iroui England, but different, in kind. Philip was ready enough to account For every penny, and return all the money undiminished which had come to his share. What troubled.him was the fearful look-out uf ft return to furnished letigiiigs. He saw himself ftbcUl lo De cast forth from tho alegancies, tho conveniences of life, and cast down to its vulgarities and discomforts. He saw himself about to be transferred from tho cushioned carriage on the smooth road, to a buggy ou a corderoy way, all jolts and kicks and plunges and breakdowns. He was about to descond from succulent joints and savoury entre-mets to mutton-chops alter nating into beef-steaks, from claret to bitter beer, from a place of authority to one of submission, from progress to stagnation, from a house of his own over which to range *t pleasure to confinement within two rooms, one oneninc out of tile other. Ho mUst jio back to streaky forks, tad spodns that at Jillner i'ec;klled tile dgg df breakfast; td knives With adhesive handles and tuntblerfe frosted .with firiger marks, .Id riiirrtSf fi'arillis 3iicased in fiy-prddf snipped green .pajjer and beaded flower, mats, a horsehair,sofa,. <i cruet stand with old crusted mustard and vener ible Worcester sauce in it; to wax fi;uit under i glass shade, as covered witli dust as a Peruvian island with guano, to folding-doors into the adjacent bed-room, and to curtains tied back with discarded bonnet ribbons. But it would have been bad enough for Philip now accustomed to better things, to have iiad the prospect before him of descending ilone ; but he was no longer alone, he had a wife, who, however, was absent, and about whose return he was uncertain. And ho had with him the encumberance of a baby ; ind the encumberance of a baby drew with it a train of dissatisfied and departing nurses, ane after another, like the procession of kings revealed to Macbeth in Hecate's save. A babe in a lodging-house is as out of place as was the ancestral Stanley found in in eagle's nest on the top of a pine, of which the family crest preserves a reminiscence. Uncle Jeremiah was restored to strength, moral its well as physical. He no longer thought of his heart, he allowed it to manage its pulsations unconsidered. He was heartily glad that lie had beeil sitved com mitting an act Of egrugioUs folly; itrid ho was prepared now to nieet Saiome without a twinge. Corrirrioit-seriso Iiad resiimed the place of upper hand, and tile temporary dis turbance was over for ever. To every man comes at some period after he has begun to decline a great horror of old age, an agoni sing clutjh at the pleasures and follies of youth, a time of intoxication when he is not responsible for his acts, an intoxication pro duced by fear lest life with its roses should have passed and left only thorns behind and decay. Men whose lives have been spent in business, subjected to routine, who have not thought of Iovb and amusement, of laughter and idleness, are suddenly roused to find themselves old and standing out of the rush of merriment and the sunshine of happiness. Then they make a frantic effort to seize what hitherto they have despised, to hug to their hearts what they have formerly cast away. It is the S. Luke's summer, a faint reflex of the departed glory and warmth, a last smile before the arrival of the wintry gales. No moment in life is so fraught with danger as this—at none is there more risk of ship wreck to reputation. Now that Jeremiah had passed through this period, he could survey its risks with a smile and a senso of self-pity and a littlo self-contempt. He who had always es teemed himself strong had discovered that he could be weak, and perhaps, this lesson had made him more lenient with the in firmities of others. He returned to his friend John Dale, look ing older by some years, but also more hale. He had touched the earth but had risen from it stronger than when he fell. On reaching Bridlington, he learned from Dale the state of matters at Mergatroyd. Whilst there, a hasty note arrived for Mr. Dale from Saiome to say that she was leav ing, with her husband's consent, to be'with her sister in Switzerland, and both thought they could read between the lines that there had been a fresh difference with Philip. Thereupon Jeremiah wont to Mergatroyd, and came in unexpectedly and unannounced on Philip. Jeremiah Ponnycomequick had not de cided what course to pursue with regard to his sister and nephew. Ho was conscious that lie had played them a trick, that he had put them to a test which he was not justified in applying to them. He was angry with both—with his half sister for the precipitation with which she had accepted and certified his death, and with Philip for his treatment of Salome. He did nob disguise from himself that his in terference in ouch a delicate matter as a quarrel, or an estrangement, between hus band and wife, might make tho breach worse. When ho arrived at Mergatroyd, he had riot resolved what course to take. He sat up half the night witli Philip. " You will find," said the latter with some pride, "that I havo maintained tho busi ness in a healthy condition r it is not in the condition it was during the continental war which affected linen aa well as other things, but that was of its nature ephemeral. It rests on a sound basis. Go through the books and Batisfy yoursolf. My aunt," there was a tone of bitterness when he added this: " My aunt watched the conduct of the fac tory with a jealous eye, and did not trust my accounts without a scrutiny. As for what was in tho bank, I can give an account of every ponny, and tho securities, such as came to me, are untouched. "I will look into these matters at my lei sure," said Joremiah, "and if I find th-j.t matters are as you say, I will let you down lightly; only, I forewarn you, let down you will be. And now a word about Salome." " My wife," said Philip, shortly. "Your wife—exactly—but " " With regard to my wife, I Vook no in terference," said Philp, haughtily. "The mill is your affair, my domestic relations aro my own." " You cry out before you aro hurt," re torted Jeremiah; "I am not about to interfere. I know that you are greatly dis concertod at the discovery as to the parent age of your wife." Philip held up his head Btiffly and closed his lips tightly. He said nothing. "I am not intermeddling," continued Jeremiah, "but I wish you to understand this :—that I have some claim to speak a word for Salome whom I havo always—that is to say—whom I hive looked upon with fatherly regard. The two little girls grew up in my house,not a day passed but I saw them; I rode them as infanta at my knee, I bought them toys. They ran to meet me—cupboard love, of course—when I came from the mill, because I had oranges or sweet things in my pocket. I took pride in them as they became blooming girls. I saw that they were well taught. After dinner they soothed me with their music, and when I was .dull enlivened me with their «prattle. Have I then no right to speak a word for one or the other? I have been to them more than a father. Their father deserted them as soon as they were born, but I have nurtured and clothed them, and seen to the development of their minds and the disciplining of their characters. It is absurd of you to deny me thp right to speak. To interfere is not my purpose." " Very -well, I will listen." " Then let me toll you this—I know who their father was. When Mrs. Cusworth came into this house she very honestly told me the truth about them, and by my advice she kept her counsel. It could do them only harm—cloud their joys, to know that they had a disreputable father. We knew nothing of the man's subsequent history. He had disappeared, and might be—as we hoped, dead. But, oven if alive,we did not suppose he would care to come in quest of his twin daughters, and we trusted should he do this, that he would not find them. We hoped that he might not conjecture that the children had been adopted by their aunt and that bIio had moved into Yorkshire to Mergatroyd. Neither Salome nor Janet knew who their father was, or rather both supposed him to be that worthy man who perished so lament ably in my service. By what means he made the discovery and, got on their track do nob kriOW) arid i hardly ctire to know, f Itiould tdke iiltd iny hoUse tlie children of uch a man; it hardly becomes yoil——" PKilijJ iritqtrupted his lincle. " That fel dtV SohUfleld never injured yo,U, as lie did iy father; fiq iitit tfiiljr rilliled iiini, btit he lso was the cause of his estrangement from on, or rather, yours ftom hiiri." " Beay thq man what,grudge your will," aid Jeretmali; hastily,," but do riot visit his fsiioas oil the head of his unoffending Id.", , Philip stood up. He was angry, but riot p be moved from his stiffness of man LOrl ■ " I think," said ho, you will be tired. 1 am, mid proljalily bod is fcljd boat place for lofcti. As this is now your hoilsB, itiicl I tun ,n intruder in it, I must ask permission to iccupy my room for to-night." Jeremiah laughed. " And you—a lawyer I Why you , are in egai possession, and till there is a reversal of he sentence of the Probate Court, 11 have 10 more rights than a ghost. No—I am 'our guest." Philip retired to his room. Tho words of reromiah, ehrti'girig him with visitiiig the rffenoes of the itltii'Jr 0tV tJlS tirtofferiding ihild, wore but the repetition of liis QVVfi sclf •eproach, but for that very reason less en lurable. It is the truth of a charge, which Jives it its sting. A man will endure to say ;t> lilmBelf whlifc he will not tolerate to be >aid td him bv aflofchgi1: Me wehfc t<? his rtioiri; biit riot to bed. Me srtfc at the Tyidowj wherte Saioirie had sat; in ;ne jiatiUs SHni^ thinking jntH djirk brow and 1 let ilp'S: In onp. tliifig; Hi3 selNe'sfceeirf ,tfas incouraged. His uncle would see <iiid be 'orced to acknowledge how thoroughly he Kid mastered the technicalities of tlie busi icss and with what order and prudence he iad carried it on. He need not shrink from ;he closest examination into his conduct of ;he factory. Everything was In order, the looks well kept, several contracts in hand. Eis uncle might dismiss him, but he could lot say a word against his integrity and ausiness habits. He had taken to himself nothing but what Mrs. Sidebottom, as ad ministratrix, had passed over to him. And is to his uncle's disappearance, he had done nothing to the' identification of the wrong body ; he had held himself neutral, as in ;apable of forming an opinion from inade quate acquaintance with his uncle. If blame ivas to be cast, it must fall heavily on Mrs. Sidebottom, but none would rest on him. But—how about the future ? Philip now recalled tho discomfiture, the monotonies, ;he irritations of lodging-house life. Gould le go back to that ? If his Uncle offered to retain him in his house, could Hp consent ? His pride counselled him to goj his love of romfort to remain. Uncld Jereiiiiah hrid nob Itivited him to remain; but Philip thought it likely that he might; His pride wiis galled iii ntariy ways, [t would be riiost jjairifiil to hini to continue it the factdi- yjih which he had beeii a master, henceforth in a subordinate position. Should lie return to the solicitor's firm at No'fctingham, in which he had been before? That his services ;herewere valued he was well aware, that liis resignation of a clerkship therein had jaused annoyance he was well aware ; he knew, however, that his place was filled, and that if he returned to the officc, he would be obliged to take a lower desk. He might, and probably would be advanced, but that would require patience, and he must wait till a vacancy occurred. Besides, it would be a humiliation to have to solicit re admissioii) after he had left the office on stilts, as oiie wiici liftd C01U6 into a for tune. Then what was to be done about his wife? He could not maintain her and her child on a junior clerk'3 wage. Moreover, he had sent her away when he occupied a lofty moral platform, because connection .vith her sullied the fair name of Pennycomequick,and might injure the firm ; and now that he no longer belonged to the firm, but was a poor clerk of no consequence in the world, was he to write to her a letter of humble apology, and ask her.to return and share the beggary of a clerk's life in furnished lodgings with him, to unite with him in the long doleful battle against landladies? He had little doubt that Uncle Jeremiah would propose to make Salome an allowance, and that on this allowance together with his salary they might be able to rub along. But to accept such relief' from Uncle Jeremiah, granted through his wife—his wife whom he had snubbed and thrust away—was not pleasant to contemplate. Whatever way Philip considered the meal set before him, he saw only humble pie, and humble pie is the least appetising of dishes. Philip approached it as a sulky child does a morsel which his nurse requires him to eat, without consuming which he must expect no pudding. He walked round it, lie looked at it from nenr, then he drew back and con sidered it at a long range, then he touched it, then smelt it, then turned his back 011 it, then—with a grumble—began to pick a few crumbs off it and put them, between hia lins. He went to bed at last, unresolved, angry with himself, angry with Salome, angry with his uncle, and angry with the baby who was sobbing in the nursery. Philip's experiences had all been made in spiral form, they were ever turning about himsolf, and though each revolution attained a higher level, it was still made about the same centre. There is a family likeness in minds as well as in noses and eyes and hair ; and in this Philip resembled his aunt, but with the difference that ho was governed by a strong sense of rectitude, and that nothing would induco him to deviate from what he believed to bo just, whereas hisaunt's principles were flexible, and governed only by her own interests. In these days in which we live, socialism is in the air, that is to say, it is talked of and professed, but whether by any is practised I am inclined to question. For socialism I take to mean everyone for everyone else,and no one for himself, and this is a condition contrary to the nature of man, for men are all more or less waterspouts, vortices, attract ing to themselves whatever comes within their reach, and to be actuated by a cen trifugal, not a centripetal force is the negative of individuality. We stalk our way over the ocean, drawing up through our skirts every drop of water, every seaweed,and crab fish and mollusc that wo can touch, and whirl them round and round ourselves,and only cast them away and distribute them to others when they are of no more use to ourselves. Every climatic zone through which Philip had passed had served to feed and build up the column of his self-esteem; the rugged weather in furnished lodgings, and the still seas into which he had entered by his uncle's death, and by his marriago. Nothing had broken it down, dissolved its continuity, dis sipated its force. At sea, when a vessel encounters a water spout, it'discharges ordnance, and the vibra tion of the atmosphere caused by the explos ion snaps the column and it goes to pieces. But would the shock caused by tho return of uncle Jeremiah, and tho loss of position and wealth that this entailed, suffice to break the pillar of self-esteem that constituted Philip Pennycomequick ? Hardly; for though touched in many ways, he could hold up his head conscious of his rectitude, he had managed the mill admirably,' kept the accounts accurately, adapted himself to the now requirements perfectly. He could, : when called upon, give up his place, but he r would march forth with all the honours of war. (To be Continued.) 