SPARKS. Hot: Rain. Races. Ducks. ?3 wans. Floods. Minstrels. Who won ? Burnt cork. Who shot the pig? Good boy, Richard. Candidates ate busy. Where is fhat train? AbtgsaleatHallett Suicide through dfinft. Floods in Queensland. The ghost (?) has gone. ' A political compact.' Portugal gives in at last. No water cart this week. The price of tin is lower. Baker's Creek looking up. All the way for one duck. Plenty of people drowned. Fatal floods in Queensland. Plenty of thistles about yet Jacky is to be put in for life. Floods all through Australia. The fun king to-aaorrow night The wrong horse came in first. A friend in need Mr. Plunger. Electioneering has commenced. How many goats have you got? Some terrific storms this month. 1060 in the shade at Broken Hill. Have you seen her in our window ? Wanted — a new railway time-table. Have you seen the ' blue paper ?' Mr. Beddome, S.M., going to resign. The Glenrosa is lost beyond recovery. Burra has missed all those big storms. The colliers are on strike in Germany. The last flood was severe at Mt. Bryan. Near as a ' shaver*' with those wheels. Peter Jackson has arrived in New York. A frightful railway accident in America. The Wesleyan Conference is nearly over. Slavin the slogger has got himself a wife. Some big lakes at Mount Bryan last week. ' Honest or dishonest, that's the question.' Jamestown has a lunatic ; Burra has several. Mr. Henry George is on his way tc Sydney. Great damage by the floods at Mt. Bryan. Thirty thousand trout eggs taken to India. Mr. G. Ash stands for the district of Albert. Red rust bad a big say in our wheat yield. The Burra Town Council meets on Monday next. Don't forget the sale at Hallett on Monday next. Giffen, the cricketer, will not go home this year. The London dock labourers are again un easy. The third furnace at Block 14 is now in blast. Plenty of water coining down the creek again. Where are all those squatter candidates for Burra? The Ballarat (Victoria) weavers strike is settled. . Again we remind you of those income tax returns. Will the Burra Company, V.F., be dis banded ? In Massachusetts liquor cannot be sold on holidays. The heavy weather has reached the old country. West Adelaide has six candidates : Burnt has ? . The 'Jubilee Piunger' to be prosecuted by the Crown. Tinned fish in Melbourne has been poison ing people. A large robbery has been committed in Melbourne. Two new 6in guns have been erected at Largs Fort. Not many contributors to our amusement column yet. Where are those election committees hiding themselves ? The Queen ol England has been ill with rheumatism. First election meeting in Burra on Tuesday evening next. Lots of damage done to the railways through the heavy rains. ' The Marquis of Lome considers a federal army necessary. Thirty lives have been lost by a shipwreck in the North Sea. The January wool sales opened in London on Tuesday last. Our columns are closed against that assess ment discussion. Mr. Patton goes to England and America for a few months. Don't forget the election meeting on Tues day evening next. The New Zealand Exhibition turned out a big affair after all. Mr. J. E. Burns, the Socialist leader, is coming to Australia. ' Ratepayer' and ' Another Ratepayer' must have a rest now. : The Federal Council commences on Thurs day next in Melbourne. Some first-class country covered with the star thistle and useless. That was a good puff to the Baker's Creek mine in the Advertiser. Two men have been killed at Charters Towers by an explosion. The annual meeting of the Burra Company V.F., next Friday night. You may come and visit me, but you will have to pay me is 6d a meal. Handshaking nearly done for Lord Hopetoun at his first reception in Victoria. Fancy a single charge of powder for the I2in gun costs England no less than £8 10s. Who was that kind person who gave away a Christmas present, and then charged for it ? It is reported that the Bank ol England is going to raise the rate of discount to 7 per cent Ail the Burra volunteers are wanted to turn out on Friday evening next to the annual meeting. - Weather Report and Forecast. — Through the kindness of the telegraph authorities we are supplied with the follow ing : — ' Adelaide, Thursday evening. Fine and hot throughout, east to north-east winds. Barometers falling.' 