a FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is r. " free market." In otllflj words, a ' ' fair" means a market at which all and every may purchase or not without JbeinK subjected' fee or tax, and also where all and every can seQ vith" out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England WGT8 great features in the socia and industrial Tifo of the people; hut, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino connnunicatioM which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respecfef, but inevitable under the changed condition of iba national life.; Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not so" Blow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is dbne with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country axe accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century,' Life, too, though longer in its average tb»p oux worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as mnch in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter fo marveu' If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity; and therefore oi expenditure, is a hundred" fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those " good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting— people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Mappers, who wrote:— " Let science, learning, arts and commerce die,- But give us back our own nobility," People nowadays have money to spend, and as edue tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how t#' spend it wisrfy, we find great establishments, snch as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home fe. Here we pause to make a 'correction. We hayo said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We af# wrong. At this present moment, the firm 'we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson,' are. conducting a gigantic Fair, . and te use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight (to do Eore eye8 good.'? Any. theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops durinij the cay must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse— an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their gTeat Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure ta reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of whieh such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will hayo a sweeter temper and more contented spirit thpn age hitherto ruled her. The matron who has -secured one of -those eplendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Cd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home O which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, te which hitherto, during his shiit'ess slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flax of visitors to this show to he insensible to the circumstance that these fails serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcuhv> tions of the originators themselves. We.do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable ea« terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance oi an m-. creased popular contentment. There is another lesson to learn from these fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The roles by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system— result of long experience— and large ' business ex perience, controls ev»ry detail of the busi ness, so tiiat matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, fill"! with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh, "We'd® not be "eve m ghosts, but, as we have Hit Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in lieaven and earth than are dreamt of in out philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. > People— ladies in particular— who want a new gen Ba tion, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy Had Gibson's Fair; and if they, bavin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we can say is that they must be very blas4 and played out. -For snch people there is hut , one resource— patent— medicines.— (Abvt.1 ' " 