IRokltet, THE HAliTED HUSBAND; OK, i Lady Clictwynd's Spcctre. . MBS. HARRIET LEWIS, CHAFTTCR XXVI. , ? -.J; AN IMPORTANT D18C0VEBY, While Lord Ohetwynd, Mr.'Tempest and j 'Bisaet, the detective, were investigating "the ; &tticB; of the great house for sorne vestige of the/recent presence of the "spectral" visitor \ of /Ohetwynd,; Park, Sylvia, and Gilbert/ Monkr were/arriving at a mutual under .standing:. . . ! Miss, Monk had proceeded to her/ own rooms on leaving the drawing-room. She had exchanged her. dinner dress of gold colored silk for her scarlet dressing'gown of , Indian cashmere, embroidered heavily with j gold. Her glittering topazes still swung in her swarthy ears. She was carelcssly knotting ti gold oord with tassels of bullion about her waist, when a knock was' heard ' upon the door of her boudoir. : . , . MIt is Gilbert" said Mis.v Monk. "I know bis knock. Let. him in,R'jgce.'' ' The old Hindoo woman obeyed. Miss. Monk ^followed her -attendant into her boudoir, jost as Gilbert Monk was ad mitted, Rageo locked . the doot behind him. ' ;" '?/' " This is an unexpected pleasure,Gilbert," . said Miss'Mbnk, iroiiicilly./ "You have not been very brotherly of late.' I have fancied, indeedftbat you have avoided: me. Won't, you take a seat ?" v .: -v- v-;* '/,-.(" '? '. .'' Thanks,vv_said Monk, lazily) ".I don't care ''if/'I do,"' and . I19 settled himself luxuriantly in a stuffed lounging chair. " I'noticfid that ypa'wanted to* see me, Be Bidc-8,1 have somethinpr particular to say to you. Where is Rageo?'? V 1 ; Ho looked . around." The East Indian woman had curlcd herself up upon a pile of bhsspeks ia a distant corner, and evidently intended to remain in/the room throughout the interview. She scowled darkly-back at Monk, with a shadow of menr.ee in her steaUhy ey.es, '. ' . . " What I have to say io you, Sylvia," said her brother, ''ia for your ears alone. 'You'd bettor send your woman awny." , 'VYon can say nothing that'I am not will ing myt woman should hear," she replied, fiercely. " IUfiee is fully in my confidence. She will.remain."'; : ^ \ r' Oh/ very well," said Gilbert, sneer insly. . . . - . v " . .' . Miss Monk crcsted her head forward upon her lpiigriepk as,she cried out, jvith greater .fiercencES: : ./.? ' . ' " Where is Bernice Chetwynd ?" . ^ Monk started and changed Color. Ho hid expected ,-tlie. question," yet . when it came he was not: prepared for it. "Is she not in,her coffin ?'r he asked, making a feeble attempt, to recover him self.-./, ? -:"-//: v' 1 " Ahybah ! Do you think to cheat me still ? I know you, Gilbert Monk ! I know that Bernice is alive 1 Where is she, I say'?'' Monk's courage rose equal to the oc-. casion. Ho bad only, a woman to deal with, and tbot woman his own sister. He feared'not to pltice himself in her power, since she was in his. He replied, in an easy tone: . ,'/\ *'/"?" .v v/; ./."/' ' ' / Lady Chetwynd is how in London." A look of relief passed over Miss Monk's face./."- / . . \ " I had fancied her in this/house," she said. In that case the detective would Burely find her. Where is she, in Lon don?" ' Old Ragee pricked up her cars. ,",I dccline to tell you," said. Monk, coolly. " She is safe, and I, intend that she Bhall.remairi safe." '. The Hindoo woman clenched her,dusky hands, while over her withered face flashed a look of hatred that boded ill for the absent young marchioness. " " I suppose you rescued Bernice from ;her tomb sixteen months ago, Gilbert?" 1 said Miss Monk, slowly. * "Yes/'/he assented. >. Was she buried; in a trance ?" inquired Sylvia, with apparent curiosity. It was a case of suspended animation," replied Monk, " produced by un Indian drug dealt out to Bernice by your own treacherous hands, Sylvia, ana given to yon by the hag yonder. Yon see, I know the whole truth. As you' may have suspected since, I was hidden in your dressing-room all the time.whiie you were concocting your diabolical plot against Bemicc. I saw the 'contents of the secret draw.er in your Indian cabinet. I heard your plans, your hopes, your whole infernal scheme with that she-demon yonder. Perhaps you may also have guessed that I took advantage of your momentary absence from the room to change the globules you intended for Bernice. You planned that she should die. I arranged that she should die only in seeming."' " It is as I suspected. Where have you kept her?" " That is my secret." . Misa: Monk's eyes gleamed danger ously from beneath their heavy drooping lids. -; ' _ " What was your object in rcscuifag her ? she asked. " That is also my secret," smiled Monk. " It shall be mine also, if I tear it from your heart 1" cried Sylvia. " You intend to enrich yourself at my expense. You intend to wait until my marriage day, and then proclaim to Chetwynd that Bernice lives, and claim a munificent paMAjul. ' " Yi;u mistaka vay Jc»^ns eatireiy. I Lad no sucb intention as this yon attribute to mo. If 1 can prevent it, Chetwynd shall never know that Bernice lives," replied Gilbert, "You expect to keep her alive as a scourge to me, then? Yon mean to compel me to support you through my terror of her?" . " Not exactly. And yet I expect you to pay me a 'handsome annuity when yon be come Lady Chetwynd." "I will pay you more when she is dead." ; " But I intend that she,shall.live. The truth is, Sylvia," and Monk's swarthy face flushed, "I love Bernice. You have seen into what a superb beauty she has de veloped. ^ I shall marry Bernice-she thinks that she is free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended death and burial. And I shall swear her to secrecy concerning, her past life,_ She is a very Puritan, and regards her words as other people do their oaths-as sacred. When she is actually mine, and yon are likely to return to Eng land, I shall take my bride away to some foreign country and there spend my days. I a.m ^ont^ England, and I should like to live in Austria. Neither Bernice nor I care for society. Give me a good income, an estate near "Vienna, horses, servants', and a few friends, and I care for nothing more." Mies Monk regarded her brother nar rowly and searchingly. She saw that he was speaking the truth, but yet she was not satisfied. " You had no such design as this, Gil bert," she said, "sixteen months ago.' You did not .rescue her from the tomb because you loved her. ^ All this.love and thought of life *»ith her in a foreign land is of later date. Why, then, did you rescue her from death? Why did you seclude her and educate her» Yon must tell me why, Gilbert.". "I have no objections to bo doing," Baid Monk, easily. " The truth will do no harm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby & Newman, the socret history .of Lady Chetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoned by her father, a wealthy gentleman, who took her to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gwellan and his wife, who brought up the waif as their own child. The father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who she is, and the knowledge inspired me to act as I have done." Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless and gray, her manner troubled and annoyed. "You know who Beraice is!" she ejacu lated. " You have known all this while 1 I .never gave you credit for such depth, Gil |bert^ Who is Bernice ?" . - / i' That I cannot'tell yon.; I reserve a few. of my secrets; for mv ^own -especial profit." - f . " Ia_ she an heiress ?" askid Misa ilonk, frowning. " It is highly probable. I am not one to bestir myself for a pauper. By the way, how about your marriage settlements ?" " They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Chetwynd treats me. most magnificently. My yearly,income will be swathing grand, but then Chetwynd can afford it. He's rich to embarrassment, you know." Yes, I know," said Monk, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to her in token of amity. "You can depend on me," he said. "We will both feather our nests handsomely. ? And now, Sylvia, I iriustgo- I fancy I hear stepson the floor above,. .That confounded detective may be prowling abemt, I mean to keep my eye pa him henceforth. If he's spying, I may as. well get to my own room." : . _,Ag»Vn be approached the door. Old. ? ^0°ked a' ^er mistress significantly. Miss Monk nodded, and the Hindoo hastened to open the door. Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind him. v _ Bagee shot home the bolt in the lock, listened to his departing steps, and faced her mistress. . - "What is to be done?" questioned the Hindoo, m a whisper. «' Is it an alliance, I Missy?" ' > ' "No-a war to the death!" said Miss Monk, m her fierce sibilant voice, " I am notsafe whileBernice liveB. Sbewilinever consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Boy Chetwynd. She has plans of her own. She plays the ghost here to frighten me. She means to reveal herself in time to Roy. Mie means to be revi nged on me. I tell you i I m standing upon a sleeping volcano. I am notsafe. The girl must die 1" . "Aye, she must die!" " When the detectivc leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see Bernice.' You must follow him. You must track him to her. .Find, her, and let her not escape you the third time, and Miss Monk's eyes flamed ' with her murderous meaning. "Bo as j secret as death, as. cruel as the grave. Remember, it is my safety you are fighting The Hindoo .nodded \ assent, with an evil smile. And now we will see bow Bernice was faring. Her meeting with Flack seemed op. portune. She resolved to spend the night with Mrs. Crowl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do and somewhere to stay. ' V Mrs. Crowl was in the act of sitting down to her supper, when Flack arrived with Bernice. She sprang np with a gur^line cry of joy. 06 " Sit down here," she said, pushing for ward a chair. "You, look tired, °Miss Gwyn.' Then hastily removing Bernice's bat, she brought a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl took it eagerly and sipped it, feelin«- a pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itself throughout her system. Mrs. Crowl brought her also buttared toast, and littlo was said until young Lady Chetwynd had eaten, and a dash of color had come to her cheeks and the old brave light to her brown eyes. . " There you look better now," said Mrs. Crowl, setting down the empty cup. " Won't you have a bit of WelsTi rabbit or a chop?" Thank you, no,v replied BernicV. " I want nothing more." She put out her hands toward the blaze of fire..Mrs. Crowl saw how thin her'hands were, and how thin also the pale young face. She saw, too, under the girl's pallor and weak. ncs3, the strength o£ the awakened spirit, of grand and noble,courage, of a brave and spirited nature. Bernice had 'suffered ereiitly since Mrs. Crowl had- Inst seen her, but this suffering had been like the fire which tries the gold, nnd she was to-night, despite her weakness and poverty and friend les/ness.a brave, strong-souled, clear-headed wunan. Flack retired to bis garret. Mra. Crowl c! eared away the remains of supper, and a b/.d was improvised upon the dilapidated sofa for her use. The bed in the adjoining loom was re made, and Bernice retired to (.he room with a candle. Mrs. Crowl had carefully refrained from asking questions of the young lady, exhibiting a delicacy for which Bcrnice was grateful. Bernice did not lieawaketo meditate upon her adventures or prospects. She dropped asleep almo3t immediately. And then Mra. Orowl crept into her room and examined her pocket-hook, discovering the solitary three pence that comprised Bernice's shield against starvation. " She has no money to escape on again,"- muttered the woman. Jt will be a long 1 time before her funds are in creased." She toqk - up the light and bent over the sleeper a moment and and then withdrew. Mrs. Crowl was astir early in the morning. Sax Rttspasitedtp hut found herself too weak and tired and footsore. The woman brought her tea and toast, and afterward beef tea, and about noon young! Lady Chstwynd appeared in the outer room, with her hair floating over her shoulders and attired in her travelling dress. Mrs, Crowl brought a tempting luncheon to her guest, and Bern ice-partook of it. When she had finished she said, grate fully : " I thank yon for all your kindness to me, Mrs. Crow], and perhaps some day I may repay it. I do not like to encroach upon your hospitality another night, and yet I am hardly able to go out to-day in search of a lodging or situation as governess." Mrs. Crowl was very attentive to her young guest during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Chetwynd retired early, and slept well. The next morning she arose early, herself once more. She came out to breakfast, and was waited upon with due respect by Mrs. Crowl. .After the meal Bernice went into the bedroom, packed her travelling bag, and put on her bat. She came out ready for departure. ' | "You have been.very kind to me,Mrs. Crowl," she said, extending her hand. " I am strong enough to resume my search for work. I cannot remain here longer. I thank yon again and again, and some day I bopo to reward you." She held out her band, and Mrs. Crowl grasped it with a lingering pressure. Ber nice moved toward the door. Mrs. Crowl, who had' been standing, before it, moved aside with an odd smile. Bernice essayed to open the.door. It was locked. " What does tbis mean ?" she demanded, her eyes flashing. "It means, Miss," retorted the woman, " that you are a prisoner." Bernice Btood amazed, indignant. " Open this door 1" she commanded, her sweet voice ringing. " Open it, or I will alarm the house 1" 1Do-and see what ycn'll get by it. The lodgers, except us, are all men, away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream yell-shout. You'll not alarm so much as a fly. You are a prisoner, Miss, and you may as well understand the fact first as last." 