VICEREGAL VISIT TO MITOHAM. LAYING A FOUNDATION-STONE. The foundation-atone of St. Michael's schoolroom at Mitoham was laid on Thursda; afternoon by the Countess of Kintore. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Ethel Keith- Falconer, and the Private Secretary (Sir. Lempiiere) were present. This was the first ooeasien on which a Governor has visited this hillside township offioially, and au appropriate ceremony was conducted. A crowd of ladies and gentlemen gathered at thesite towitness Her L«dy ship set the stone. Bishop Kennion and the Revs. B. C. Stephenspn. F. W. Samwell, W. H. Mudie, J C. Haynes, and W. Milne attended in their clerical robes. The viceregal party arrived • hortty- before 4 o'clook, and on alighting from her carriage Lady Kintore was presented with a beautiful bunch of fijwers by Mrs. T. Bair Smith's little daughter. Her Bxoellency then accompanied the Governor to the da's in front of the building, and the Bishop conducted the Bervioe according to the Church of England for suoh gatherings. At the conclusion of the creed the stone, which bore the inscription—" To tiie glory of God this stone was laid by tbe Right Honourable the Countess of Kintore, April 10, 1890," was lowered, and Lady Kintore recited that portion of the service which runs—" In the faith oi Jesus Christ we plaoe this foundation- stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son. and God the Holy Ghost." The Rev. F. W. SA.MW£LL, the priest of the parish, then explained that the scheme for the ereotion of the schoolroom was started about a year ago, and that the contributions which had been reoeived and promised from friends and sympathizers amounted to £130, The total coat of the edifice would be between £800 and £900. There was a feeling abroad that debt should not be Incurred in the case of a building like that, but it was thought that there was fall justification for borrowing a little to complete theprojeot, which would supply a great want. During the past year they had had to pay £20 for the rent of premises for day and Sunday-school purposes, and that sum would have to be paid year after year it they had not a building of their own. The room would also be used as an athletlo olub and assembly room, and the young men of the district would be able to use it of an evening. He appealed for the assistance of all present to make the undertaking asuooesa. Bishop KKHNION thanked Lady Kintore for laying the atone, and congratulated Mr. Samwell and those associated with him on the excellent plans they were working on. and also on the good prospeots they had of snooess. Continuing, he said there was no doubt that at the present time the work in whioh they were engaged that day was of peouliar interest. A deal of discussion had taken plaoe of late on the subject of the capitation grant to schools, but he would not enter into the matter beyond pointing out that there had been imported into the discussion a great deal of unnecessary acrimonious feeling. He very muoh regretted the bitterness with which some people thought it neoeseary to express their sentiments In the newspapers. Upon suoh an important question there were no doubt various opinions formed. For his part he held to the opinion which he nad always held in the colony—that it would be greatest possible mistake to introduce any such principle. Correspondents in the papers had credited him .-with holding to opposite prinolplee, and he-had not oared to go to the trouble of oontradicting them. There were many reasons for him holding the opinion he did. He remembered when he began his work in the colony that his greatly valued firend, Bishop Moorhonset whosenamecarried suoh weight in the colonies, gave him Bome good advioe. Bishop Moorh'ouss eaid—"I should strongly advise you never to aooept any thingfromtheGovernment or State, which, if it were removed from you, would plaoe you in a position of difficulty." That was a sound rinoiple, and he did not want to be plaoed St a position of whioh he might afterwards be deprived, and be left in difficulties through having accepted help from the Government. That was one difficulty with regard to the capitation grant. The Bishop then dilated upon tbe advantages of reUgioustralning, and pointed ont how valuable the new schoolroom would be as a place where parents could have their ohildren educated from a religious standpoint. He opnoluded by moving a hearty vote of thanks to Lady Kintore. THB Rev. F. W. SAM WELL seconded, and the vote was heartily carried. His Exoeliency the GOVBBNOB responded briefly on behalf of his lady, and said their Visit to Mitoham afforded them the greatest pleasure. They were satisfied that the sohool wefeld supply a want which had been muoh felt, land they wished to congratulate Mr. Sam well and' the others on the successful start whioh had been made. He believed that: the management of the adboo when it. was opened, as it would be, 1 to-all denominations would be suoh as to give confidence to every one. Education was becoming more and more a necessity every day,' and, of oourse, they looked for the greatest effects of the eduoation whioh children reoeived from them after they left school. In was beoanBe they believed that the teashing at auch schools as that had the power of controlling and moulding the characters of those who ere long would be called upon to guide the destinies of this great oontinent that they had oome to help forcrard an undertaking of whioh they hoped so mnch. "The Church's One Foundation" was then sung and these proceedings ended, but before leaving: the dais Mr. Samwell handed to Lady Kintore the silver trowel with which she set the ADDRESSES atone. OF WELCOME, Mr. A. Murray (Chairman) and Mr. A. J .Batt (Clerk), withother members of the Mitoham District Council, then assended the platform and presented the following address of welcome to His Excellenoy:— " We the members of the District Counou of Mltcham (one of the oldest Councils in South Australia) have the honour to express to your, Exoellensy on behalf of the ratepayers our great pleasure at this your first official visit to our' picturesque suburb. We have notioed with satisfaction that the natural beauties of the neighbourhood have often attracted . you to Mitoham, and we are ' happy in feeling that we are addreuing one, who hss, a sympathetic acquaintance with our lovely surroundings. Our distriot comprises thirty-two square miles. It inoluaes Coromandel Valley, Blaokwood, Bel&ir.; Glen Osmond, and Upper Start, and there is a population' of about 15,000. The City of. Adelaide abounds in monuments of its resouroes, inasmuch as the stone used for many of its noblest buildings has come from quarries in the distriot, and the admirable roadB in and around the city are greatly dependent on the metal obtained therefrom. One other great industry in'our midBt we may also mention—the production of fruit—which has now attained so great proportions that the export trade in some varieties will soon rank amongst the largest in the colonies. In conclusion, we express our deepest loyalty and attachment to Her Graoioas Majesty the Queen, and trust that your Excellency's stay in South Australia will result in the continued happiness of yourself, Her Ladyship, end your family, and the prosperity' of the colony over which you have been called to rule,—ALEX. MCBRIT (Chairman), A, J. BATT (Clerk)." Lord KJNTOBE replied — I receive with satisfaction the address which you have presented to me from the District CounoQ of a locality the beauties of which have often attracted me, and of the future of which I am well assured. To be able to record how mnch the City of Adelaide is dependent on your resources is no small boast; to know that so large a share of the fruitgrowing industry lies within your borders must be at onoea souroe of pride and responsibility to you. I ant confident that the distriot representatives of 15,000 people will do all in their power to foster and protect the industries to which this lovely distriot owes so much. I receive with thankfulness your'assurances of loyalty to Her Most Graoioas Msjesty. I have not failed to inform her of the constant expressions of devotion to her throne and person of which I have been the reoipient. In thanking you, gentlemen, for the kind expressions you mike use of in regard to myself, my wife, and family 1 can only say that the experiences of a twelvemonth completed to-day leads me to look forward to our term of residence' in South Australia as one of the happiest periods of our lives " (Cheers.) Mr. John Gardiner (Secretary of the Mitoham Lodge of Oddfellows) and other Lodge representatives then handed to the Governor ah addreBB on behalf of the Friendly Societies, which read as follows :— "As representing the Lodges of Friendly Societies meeting in Mitcham we desire to nnlte in offering you a very respeotful and hearty welcome on this your first official visit to our neighbourhood, and assure your Excellency that the pleasure we thus feel is greatly enhanced by the fact that Her Ladyship the Countess of Kintore is present with |you. We doubt not that your Excdlenoy is acquainted with the noble objects for which Societies like ours were founded. To Btrive to lessen the pangs of poverty by fostering a spirit of thiift and independence among the people is our great aim, and we need only point to the fact that no less a sum than £62,000 per annum is distributed by the Friendly Societies in relief among their members in this colony alone, and that if it were not for this provision the claims on the-Government for aid to distressed DersoiiB would be increased to a very large extent This will suffice to show at once how widesptead is the adoption of its principles, and how great a means it is for good in our midst. In promoting these glorious aims we in Mitoham are glad to take our humble pirt. Assuring your Excellency of our loyalty to the throne and person of our beloved Queen, and with all good wishes for the future happiness .and welfare of your Excellenoy, Lady Kintore, and the members of your family." His EXCKLLESCY replied as follows: — Gentlemen—It is with a feeling of lively pleasure that I receive the address of welcome which you have been so good as to offer me In the name of the Lodges of the Friendly Societies in Mitcham on the occasion of my first official visit. Both here and in Great Britain I have had many opportunities of informing myself as to the objeots for which your Societies exist, and of the aims which they profess. Heartily do I wish you success in your endeavours to Inouloato a spirit of thrift, and in your wish to help those who help themselves: such principles go far to make a nation. I need hardly add that I am rejoloed to hear how euocesBful your operation are. I gladly accept your assuranoss of devotion to the throne and person of our beloved Qaeen, and I thank you in Lady Klntore's same as In my own for the kind wishes for ourselves and our family with which your address concludes. Cheers having been given for the viceregal visitors the gathering dispersed. 