A Daughter's Beyenge. CHAPTER VIE.— Continued. It -was a little, low building, -with a path, of round flints leading through, a tiny garden of pansies and gilli flowers to the door. Above, a dim legend on a dark, red 'board Bet forth the articles in 'which Martha Cormiek was em powered to deaL In the window, draped with short curtains of deep scarlet, grown fusty with time, stood a jar of liquorice, ' a bottle or so of sweets, and some ginger beer corked with the glass balls that are dear to the thumbs of urchins. One or two dry and faded plants stood -with them. Madge stepped down into the passage, and pressing the latch of the first door to the right, entered her father's quarters. Across the atmosphere, of a fine blue, which smoke of one kind and another had made habitual to the room, she saw the old man sitting 'before a low, red fire. On the table a clean, coarse cloth was spread, showing -very yellow in the dim light of the blocked and dhigy window. A covered dish. was set on it, and a jug of ale, with a couple of worn, black-handled knives and forks, of a strange, pale metal, that had once, perhaps, been plated. Madge crossed, and, after kissing her father from behind his chair, seated her self on the green- cushioned settle close beside him. The old man's pleasure set a play of all his wrinkles moving over his face, an3 he said, as he stirred the fire, ' That's my breakfast, you know, Madge. Martha Cormick's tea is so mysterious, and her coffee such an experience, that I take her beer. But I'm not vicious in drinking it, and I hardly think any one could be so. I waited to begin until you came. Now, shall I ask you to join me ?' Madge shook her head. The old man turned his chair about and faced his break fast. On the dish, when he raised the cover, lie found some rather thick rashers . of broiled bacon and two poached eggs, browned and bubbled in the cooking. As he looked at them, Madge brought a vase from the mantelpiece, and, filling it with water, set her flowers beside him. He took a primrose and put it in his coat. She went to the window, and stood beside the curtains watching him while he showed an appetite that pleased her, keeping steadily on through his eggs and two rashers, and a slice or so of hard bread and-butter. He left the ale untouched. Presently he said, speaking low and in an earnest tone : ' I think I know why you axe come. You want to know what arrange ments can be made £ox. me to leave this place?' * Yes,' she answered, losing her gaiety in seriousness, and looking on the ground ; * I grow nervous sometimes about your presence here. The situation is false, and dangerous as well.' He looked up startled. - You don't think Penterne would ? ?' he began. * My own position, too, is terribly false,' Bhe continued, wishing to divert Ms mind. ' I act a part before everyone, and that, with my uncertainty, amounts to a great strain/ * True,' he said j 'bo I have constantly thought, and I am glad we are pressing ' forward arrangements with all speed, Madge. I communicated with the house yesterday, and have a note ia answer this morning.' He felt in a pocket of his coat, and brought out a letter, which he read over to himself, and then handed to his daughter. ' You see I am told to keep an appoint ment to-day on the sands below the shrub bery. She says she dislikes correspondence, and desires, besides hearing exactly my' requirements, to concert the best way of passing money to me. There seems to be some difficulty about that. I hope no suspicion is abroad.' He shuddered slightly as he took back the note and folded it up. * When can .we start, father ?' she asked, Hooking out from the window. . * In a week, I trust. I judge from the note that she has command of the money now. I shall hear this morning some certain news.' 'All my preparations are made,' said she. He expected to hear something further, but merely gazed on her with devotion and admiration, and asked nothing, but ? she continued: * I met Sir Harold JLelmer yesterday, and ' .tol^- him a great alteration of my life was impending, hut I said little more, It will npt change him.' The old man rose and* took her hand. * You shall see, Madge, how I will treat that man. A friend full of tact I will be to him 5 no soul shall admire your husband as I will/ She kissed him, touched by the light in bis eyes. *It-is time I kept my appointment,' he said. So he took his hat and stick, in evident nervousness, and the two set forth together. . ? Prudence led them to separate before long. Broomielaw. followed the way th4t ;_' wound downwards to his meetmgrplace, : while Madge, skirting along the shrubbery above it, came towards the house, Within a little distance of the dopr, . ' Penterne was pacing Tpund and round a flower-bed. He smiled and roused him self froni thought a§ Madge drew1, near. Of , Iftte there had been a great timidity in her ' manner towards him, bat now he seemed so anxious and full of -misery, as he moved ?- -Qhowly about upon the grass, that she ad Fj^nced offering bpth hands, with all the *cc of her old frankness. ; Penterne drew her arm through, Ms and . ioisted down on her, highly pleased as she walked at his side, *^3*a* « stranger you grow to me,. 'IJ&adge;,' h.e said. * Now, at what shrine do ;--v yon offer your leisure hours f HaB Kelmer J«jBaaaaed«fe my priestess?' « Not altogether, Bp£j' she' answered. * I am growing older, and care begins to lay his bundle on my back.' * The wily rogue summons you to every nook to lay it there in a pleasant tetea tete. But I will outrival him yet. Think, Madge. This poor old Donny of' your eighth year ' — (he let bis earnest meaning pierce through the tone of lightness) — * this bearded story-teller ; this man of ghosts and pixies 5 this secret enemy of scales and fellow-traitor to the French grammar, he has an old claim, has he not ? There is but one year in your life when you can be a maiden, just fourteen, and go dreaming along the hedges with some one old enough to listen and young enough to understand, and the comrade has a right to sit in your heart, hasn't he? He sits there, Madge, almost as a prince, unless ^;he revolution's come.' They were moving towards the shrubbery. Madge stood in front of him and stopped him. As she did so, he glanced at her keenly. ' Let us stroll here among the firs. How say*you, Madge ?' ' Will you not come to the house to hear me play ? 7 used to please you.' He noted well the anxious look and tone she could not hide. The smile left his face, and in his eyes rose a hard ex-' pression of dislike. ' I have business,* he said ; * business about the yards !' And he strode away over the gravel, and disappeared behind an angle of the house. Madge sighed, and mounted to her room. Soon Penterne came back, and moving softly round among the laurel bushes, en tered the shrubbery. At the outer edge he paused. Then, after hesitation he passed beyond, over a ragged space, to the rise of a broken hedge, and, looking down, saw Bis wife keeping her own appointment on the sands. For a moment he stood. Then, in white paleness, with a wild, gesture of his arms and hands above his head, he threw him self upon the earth, and crawling as near as he could come unseen, he watched them narrowly. He could not distinguish the man's form or features, and their voices would not reach him ; but their actions did, and the two actors played to an audience far other than the blue heavens, or the sea chat tering at their feet, careless of them as they of it. CHAPTER VIH. As Broomielaw clambered down on to the sand, he saw a sunshade jutting be yond a group of rocks hard by, and knew that the woman of his bygone choice was waiting for him. He came round the corner and stood be fore her, and she rose and looked at him. An ungovernable smile spread over her features, and his eyes, as in old times, fell away from her and gazed upon the ground. . ' Pardon me,' she Baid, * if I delay pro ceeding to business while I tell you that you are very little changed.' She held out her hand to him, and he shook it. ' I sup pose we both grow more wrinkled, but you have had the quiet of a country life that suits yon, and my existence has been more eventful/ She delighted in the plenitude of her power over that weak and nervous nature, and rejoiced in her strength to make him, in spite of all his rights, in spite of all he eould have claimed to say, assume the footing with her which she chose. He found no words, and waited for her to continue. ' You know,' she went on, * I am anxious for you to quit this district as soon as possible. We sesm agreed that any dis closure would merely result in disaster to every one. Domitic is more jealous, and strict, and eccentric than in old times, and would probably take a vengeance on you far more tragic and final than on me, whom he -would possibly abandon/ Broomielaw, though disturbed by occa sional fears on the point, had convinced himself that Penterne would be only too eager fya let the whole matter, if he should learn of it, rest in silence, lest Ms social reputation should be smirched or touched with ridicule. He thought, therefore, that Lily was bent on frightening him in order to hurry him away with less money, and he determined to be narrowly suspici ous of her. ' Are you still staying at Obrmiok's Inn ?' she asked. 'YesJ ' Well, then, be careful in it, and I will try to make t-hin our last interview. I can assure you it is expedient. Of course,' she pursued, commencing to walk up and down beside 'hjm on the atrepeh of sand, * I do not dispute your right to this legacy though really there is np reason why I should not do so. But since you were npt supposed to be a member of society when it first came tp me, I used, a&d; prepared to use, a great proportion of it, and what is spent is not easily recalled. * Do Jnot lejb us torment onrselves with discussions about the money, Lily,' (the name pounded very strange to him when he used it). ' Ypu knew wha^ you had the power to give me when you wrote tp Brittany. I demanded . nine thousand pounds out of twenty thousand, and you offered to treat abpujj six thousand/ * The discussion frith you is not a tor ment. You are not so disagreeable as that, On the contrary, it rather pleases me. I will be candid, John — but genu inely, candid, I mean, npt candid in the ordinary way. As for ypu, you are far top old and of the bloodless past for me to wish you any evil, or put a finger forth to bring it on you. Therefore,, be sore I shall not dock any offers from prejudice against* you! As concerns myself, and what I tMak would happen to me on. a disclosure, I am at a time of life when the unknown, especially of thajt Mnd^dpes nqt smile to me at all j iharefope, for any own sake, 1 shall do my best to =see you away peace-* &fcjty;, ?hi$3 money is to eeim§ erfent used, but by controlling the storm in Dominic's mind judiciously, I can. earrp- off five thou sand pounds— perhaps .at o≥, perhaps in two pr more instalments. More than t^at I cannot do, and your persistence will #nly lead you to the disclosure which, in solemn truth, is likely to be tragic for you,' He looked %$ her s^picious^r, an4 did not speak. . . \ She moved as though to go from him, ?Jf.yois. axa «taiti^'Ka.irii4»- feast; do nothing! Dominic is- so far near the truth that he is jealous about my de mands for money. To press him farther is to lose my control of him, I must take my chance !' Broomielaw had meant to be strong with her, and to exact the utmost, and he be lieved that she was acting. But he thought of Madge ; that he might be giving up his hope of her j that, after all, Lily might be genuine and truthful. Was he strong enough to be strong r Was it not the strength of weakness to take what it could get and go? He said : * It is very little, but I will take it, Only let xne have it within a week/ She turned, and her eyes were fixed brightly on him. After a moment her face was radiant. ' You are reasonable, John, and amiable ! As you stand there, gazing at the sand, a color comes in your cheek, and, in spite of your white hair, you look like your early youth — like a boy ! I begin to understand again what puzeled me long enough in my own conduct/ She gave him her hand, and he shook it. ' I did(not mean that,' she Baid ; ' kiss it !' fr - He did as he was told. ' Like a boy !' she repeated ; and suddenly laying her hands upon his shoulders, she drew up and kissed him on both cheeks. High above in the clif£ a heavy stone began to leap and bound toward them. She clung to Broomielaw, lest in its flight to the shore it should fall on them and crush them. But it leapt into the sea a hundred yards away. ' That often happens,' she said. - Now there remains but one point for us to de cide. How shall I convey the money to you ? It would be best to send you a little here by letter, and remit the rest to Brit tany/ Heturned pale, again thinking of Madge. This time he would be firm. He was assured that, if he left her, she would send nothing to him. He said, ' My address in Britanny is uncertain.' She understood at once. The color came deeply in her cheeks, and she shrugged her shoulders. ? I am watched now,' she told him, after a pause 5 * when I have the money all my footsteps will be dogged. I cannot bring it you, and dare not trust a messenger !' ' B-i-ing it here,' he suggested, in a low voice. ' No,' she answered. * I am safe -with it only in the house/ Then, with a light in her eyes — ' Come to the house for it, since I exaggerate Dominic's jealousy. Oh, there is no danger ! You see tliat path,' point ing to steps cut among the rocks, and a light iron rail stretching' above them, * fol low it, and it will lead you to a cloister behind the house. Three nights from this come down the cloister at 1 o'clock 1 At the end is a waste corner, where you can hide if need be. The access from my room is easy, and I will meet you with the money. Good-bye ?' She mounted the rocky steps and climbed the cliff. As she passed from among the shadows of the little shrubbery, her hus band's tall form w-alked a hundred yards before her into their home. (TO BE CONTOfTTED.) 