IRovdist. Tne Mystery of the Inn ; OK, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND RE-MORSE. JSy Anna Catharine Green. Author of " The Lcaremcorth Case," " Behind Close J Doors," etc. CHAPTER XXV. mark. felt. Subjected as 1 have been in the last three hours to distress and turmoil, I was delighted to find mademois file asleep, and to behold her peaceful face. Gazing: at it, and noting the liappr smile which unconsciously lingered oil her lips, 1 could not but fed that, despite the hideous revelations which lay before her. her lot was an enviable one, allied as it promised to be with that of one of such high principles as the marquis. Though I am old now, and have had 1113- day. the love of the innocent and pure is sacred to roe, and in this case it certainly lias the charm of a spotless lily blooming in the jaws of hell. As it was late and I was almost ex hausted, I begar. to think of ri-st. But my uneasiness in regard to uiadame would not let me sleep till 1 had made another visit to her room. So, leaving the gentle sleeper wrapped in serenest dreams, I proceeded to descend once more. As I passed the great clock on the stairs I noticed that it was almost midnight, and began to hasten my steps, when I heard a loud knock at the front door. This is not an infrequent sound with us, but it greatly startled me this night. I even remember pausing and looking helplessly up and down the hall, as if it were a question whether I should obey this unwelcoma sutumons. But such knocking as speedily followed could not be long ignored. So, subduing my im patience, I hastened to the door, and un locking it, threw it op -n. A gust of wind and rain greeted me. This was my first surprise, for I had not ev< 11 noticed that the weather was unplea sant- s<> ei voudt'-iclv had I been absorbed by what was going 011 in the house. Mg next was the bearing and appearance of the stranger who demanded my hospi tality. For though botli face and form were unknown to me. there was that in his aspect which stirr. d recollections not out of keeping with the unhappy subject then occupying all my thoughts. Yet I could not speak his name, or put into words the anticip.ii ions that vaguelv agi tated me, and led him through the hall anil into the comfortable sitting-room so lately vacated by the marquis, with no more distinct imprcs-icn in mv mind than that something was about to happen which would complete rather than inter rupt the horrors of this eventful night. And when the light fell full upon him, and 1 could ,-ee his eager eyes, this feel ing inert a-ed. and no sooner had his cloak fallen from his shoulders and his bat left his head, than I recognised the prom iii' "tit jaw and earnest face, and put ting 110 curb 011 my impetuositv, I ex claimed at once, and without a doubt : "Mr. Felt!" The utterance of this name seemed to cause no surprise to my new guest. " The same,' he replied ; "and you are Mrs. Truax, of course. Mr. Tamworth has described you to me, also this in 11 rill 1" feel as if I knew its every stone. I did not wish to visit if, but T could not help myself. An unknown influence has been drawing me here for days, and tliougn I resisted it with all my strength, it finally became so powerful ihat I rose from my bed at nighi, saddled my horse and started ill this direction. I have been twenty hours on tlie road, but part of these 1 have spent in ilm thicket just over against you on il.e opposite side of the road. For the sight of the house awakened in my mind such a disturbance that I feared to show myself at the door- A voice out of the air seemed to cry, ' Not yet ! not yet !' Nevertheless " I could not go back, nor leave the spot, which, once seen, possessed for me a fatal fascination." I was speechless. Good heavens 1 were the old psychological influences at work, and had they acted upon him at forty roih s distance ? " You coin" from Albany I at last slammered forth. " You must have had a wet time of it : it storms heavily. 1 sei-." "Storms!" le repeated, glancing at the cloak he had thrown ofl'. " Great Hea\a 11 ! my chink is saturated, and I did not ev-iii kiimv it raim d. A touch of the old spell." "tie murmured. "Some thing is about tc, luippen to tne ; some- lhiro has drawn no- witii purpose to this li'use " I felt wo-sf rucl:. \Y..uld he guess next aha' thar siui'.-ri-iiii: was? " A' eleven o Mock," he went on, with t lie abstracted airs. of one recalling an ex perience, " I felt a pang shoot through my breast. I had been looking stead fastly at these walls, and somewhere about the building a light S'-enied to go out, for a pail of darkness suddenly settled upon it, simultaneously with tne ces-ation of that imaginary cry which had hitherto detained me. Where was that light, Mrs. Truax, and what has hap pened hear that I should feel myself called upon to cioss iltis threshold to night ?" 1 did not answer at once, for I was trembling. Was I to be subj'Cted to another such an ordeal as 1 had ex perienced earlier in the evening and be forced to prepare, by such means as lay in my power, a much abused man for a most dreadful revelation ? It began to look so. " What has called me here ?" he re peated. "Danger to her or death to him ? They are thousands of miles away, and Tamworth could not have yet reached them, but peril of some deadly nature menaces them, I know. A stroke has gone home to him or her, and it is in this place I am to learn it ; is it not so, Mrs. Truax ?" "Perhaps," I tremblingly assented. " There is a gentleman here from France who may be able to tell you something of the man and the woman you mean. Would it affect you very much to hear disastrous news of them ?"' "I cannot sav." lie answetcd ; "it should not. Mr. Tamworth tells me ihat he lias acquainted you with the story ol uiy life. Do you think I should feel over whelmed at any rel ribmioii following a crime that was committed almost as much against me as against the pure and noble being who was the visible sufferer ? "I shrink from answering," I re turned : " 1 lie human heart is a curious rhing. If he alone were to suffer — " " All, he was the bitter ejaculation. ' Or if she," I proceeded, " were hound by no ties appealing to the sympathies ! But she is a mother — " ' Good heavens !" " 1 had not thought it would affect him so, and stood appalled. " A mother !" he r> peated ; " she ! she ! the tigress, the heaitless oil", with no more soul than the naked dagger I should have plunged into her breast and did not! Great Heaven ! and this child has lived, I suppose ; is grown up and — and — " " Is the sweetest, purest, most un worldly of beautiful women that these eyes have ever rested upon." I thought he would spring upon me, he leaned forward with so much impetu osity. " How do you know?" he asked, and my heart stood still at the question. " Because 1 nave seen her," I presently rejoined. " Because I have had opportu nities for studying her heart. She is called Honora, and she is like Miss Dudleigh, only more beautiful and with more claims to what is called character." He did not seem to take in my words. " You have been to France ?" he de clared. " No," I corrected, " Miss Urquhart has been here." He fell back, then started forward again, opened his lips and stared wildly, half fearfully about the room. ' Here ?" he repeated, evidently over come at the idea. " Why did they send her herd I should as soon have ex pected them to send lier into the murk of the bottomless pit. A girl, an inno cent girl, you say, and sent here " They had reasons ; besides, she did not come alone." This time he understood me. "Oh!" he shrieked, "she is in the house. I micht have known it," he went on more calmly : " I did. only 1 wouid not believe it. Her crime has draw 11 her to the place of its perpetration. She could not resist the magnetic influence which all places of blood have upon Un guilty. She has conic back 1 And he?" I shook my head. "The man had leas courage." I de clared. "Perhaps because he was more guilty; perhaps because he had less love." " Love V 'It nas loeo for the daughter which drew the mother here, not the spoil <»f her e.rime or the accusing spirit of the dead. The woman who wronged you has some heart ; she was willing to risk detection, and with it her reputation and life, to see if by any possibility she could venture to give happiness to the one being whom she really loves." " Explain ; I do not understand. How could she hope to find happiness for her child here ' By settling the question which has evidently tortured her. By determining once for all whether the crime of sixteen years back had ever been discovered, and if she found it had nor, to satisfy at once her own pride and her daughter's heart by giving that daughter to as noble a gentleman as ever carried a sword." ' A c.d they are here now V" " They are here." "'And she lias discovered — " "The futility of all her hopes." He drew hack, and his heavy breath echoed in deep pants through the room. " What an end for Marah Leighton !" he gasped. " What an end 1 And she is here !" he went 011, after a moment of silent emotion — "under this roof! No wonder I fek myself called hiring-. And she knows her crime is detected 1 How came she to know this? Did j'ou re cognise Iter, and tell lier?" " I recognised her and told her. There was 110 other course We met in the secret chamber, whither she had come to make her own terrible investigations ; and the sight of her there, 011 the spot, where she had left the innocent to die, was too much for my sense of justice. 1 accused her to her face, and she crouched before me as under the lash. There was no possibility of denial after that, and she now lies — " " Wait 1" he cried, catching me pain fully by th- arm. "When was this? To-day — to-night " Not two hours ago." Hi- brow took on a look of awe. "You see," he murmured, ' she has power over me yet. When her hope broke, something snapped within me here. T abhor hc-r, but'l feel her grief. She was once -.ill the world to me." 1 recognised his right to emotion, and did not profane it by any words of mine. Tn-tead of that I sought to leave him, but he would not let me go till he had asked another question. "And the daughter?" he urged. "Does she know of the approbrium which must fall upon her head ?" " She sleeps." 1 replied, "with a smile of the shye-t delight upon lier lips. Her lover has followed her to this place, and the last words she heard to-night were those of his devotion. Her suffering must come to-morrow ; yet it will be mitigated, for he will not forsake her, whatever shame may follow his loyalty. I have his word for rhat." '"Then the earth holds two lovers," was Mark Felt's rejoinder. " 1 thought it held but one." And with a sigh he let go my arm and turned to the window, with its back ground of driving rain and pitiless flashes of lightning. 1 took the opportunity to excuse my self for a few minutes, and hurrying attain into the hal', hastened, with ner vous fear and agitation greatly heightened by the unexpected interview I had just been through, to the now oft opened door leading into the oak parlor. I found it closed, but not locked, and pushing it open, listened for a moment, then took a glance wiihin. All was quiet and ghostly. A single caudle guttering 011 the table at one end of the room lent a partial light by which I could discern the funereal bed and the other heavy and desolate-looking articles of furniture with which the room was encumbered. Some flowers of Honora's, withering on the window-seat, spoke of tend<-r hopes not yet vanished from her tender dreams, but elsewhere all was hard, all was dreary, all was inexorably forbidding and cold. I shuddered as I looked, and shuddered still more as I approached the lied and paused firmly before it. " Madame' Lei.-llier "—it was the only name by which I could bring myself to address lier at that instant — " there is one gleam of brightness in your sky. The maniuis knows the story of yonr trji lit, vet consents to marry your daughter." I received no rt-plv. Sbak.-n by fre-li doubts, and moved by an inexplicable terror. I stood still for a moment gathering up my strength, then I repeated my words, this time with sharp emphasis and scarcely concealed importunity. "Madame," said I, "the marquis knows your guilt, yet consents to marry your daughter." But the silence within remained un broken, and not a movement displaced the sombre falling C'lrt 'ins. Agitated beyond endurance, I stretched forth my hand and drew those curtains aside. An unexpected sight met my eyes. There was no niadauie there ; the bed was empty. CHAPTER XXY1. for the last time. My eves turned immediately in the di rection of the secret chamber. Its en trance was closed, but I knew she was hidd'-n there as well as if the door had been open and I had seen her. What should 1 do ? For a moment I hesitated, 1hen I rushed from ihe room and hastened back to Mi. Felt. I found him standing with his face to the door, eagerly awaiting my return. " What has happened ?" he asked, im portunately. " Your face is as pale as death." ' Because death is in the house. Ma dame — " "Ah!" " Lies not in her bed. nor is she to he found in her room. There is another place, however, in which instinct tells me we shall find her. and it we do, we shall find her — <1ea<l 1" "In her daughter's room? At her daughter's bedside ?" "No ; ill the secret chamber." He gazed at me with wild and haggard aspect. " You arc right," he hoarsely assented. " Let u- go ; let us seek her ; it may not be too late." The entrance to this hidden room was closed, as I have said, and as I had never assisted at its opening, I did not know where to find the hidden spring hv means of which the panel was moved. We !iad, therefore, to endure minutes of suspense, while Mr. Felt fumbh d at the wainscot ing. The candle I held shook with my agitation, and though I had heard no thing of the storm before, it seemed now as if every gust which came swnnping down upon the house tore its way through my shrinking consciousness with a force and menace that scattered the last rem nant of self-possession. Not. an instant in (he whole terrible day had been more frightful to me, 110. not the moment when I first heard the sliding of this very panel and tin- sound of her crawling form ap proaching me through the darkness. The vivid flashes of lightning that shot every now and then through the cracks of the closely shuttered window, making a skeleton of its frame-work, added not a list!-- my terror, there being 11.. m her! light in the room save that and tlm flickering, almost dying flame, with which I strove to aid Mr. Felt's endea vors and only succeeded in lighting up his anxious and heavily bedewed fore head. " Oh, oh !" was my moan ; " this is terrible ! Let us quit it or go around to my own room, where there is an open door." But he did not hear me. His eflbrts had become frantic and he tore at the wainscoting as if he would force it open by main strength. " You cannot reach her that way," I declared. " Perhaps my hand may be more skilful. Let me try." But he only increased his eflbrts. " I am com iug, Marah ; I am coming !" he called, and at once, as if guided by some angel's touch, his finger's slipped upon the spring. Immediately it yielded and the opening so eagerly sought for was made. " Go in," he gasped, " go in." And so it was that the fate which had forced me against my will, and in despite of such intense shrinking to pass so fre quently into that hideous spot, where death held its revel and Nemesis awaited its victim, drove me thither once again, and, as I now hope, for the last time. For, there upon the floor, and almost in the same spot where we had found lying the remains of innocent Honora Urqu hart, we saw, as my premonition had told me she should, the outstretched form of the unhappy being who had usurped her place in life, and now, in re tribution for that act, had laid her head down upon the same couch in death. She was pulseless and quite cold. Upn her mouth her left hand lay pressed, as if, with her last breath, she sought to absorb the pure kiss which had been left there by the daughter she so much loved. CHAPTER XXVII. a last wokl>. Did Marah Leighton will the coming of her old lover to my 11111 on that fatal night ? That is the question I asked, when, with the first breaking of the mornirg light, I discovered lj ing on the table under an empty phial, a fitter ad dressed, not to her husband, not to her child, but to liim, Mark Felt. It is a question that will never be an swered, but I know that he comforts himself with the supposition, and allows the trembling hope to pass, at. times, across his troubled spirit, that in the bittern' ss of those last hours some touch of the Divine mercy may have moved her soul and made her fitter for his memory to dwell upon. The letter I afterwards read. It was as follows : To the Max Who Gave All. Bore All, Beared Nothing hut Suffering: I am not worthy to write you, even with the prospect of death before me. But an influence I do not care to combat, drives me to make you, of all men, the confidant of my remorse. I did not perish sixteen years ago in the Hudson River. I Jived to share in and profit by a crime that has left an indelible stain upon my life, and an ineffaceable darkness within my soul. You know, or soon will know, what that crime was, and how we prospered in it. Darin s as it was dreadful, I beard its fearful details planned by his lips, without a shudder, because I was mad in those days, mad for wealth, mad for power, mad for adventure. The only mad ness I did not feel was love. This I say to comfort a pride that must have been sorely wounded in those days, as sorely wounded as your heait. Edwin Crqnliart could make my eyes shine and my blood rim swiftly, but not so swiftly as to make me break my troth with you, had he not sworn to me that through him I should gain what moved me more than any man's love. How he was to ac complish this I could not see in the begin ning. and was so lit tle credulous of his being able to keep his oaths that I let myself be drawn by you almost to the church door. But I got no further There in the crowd he stood with a command in his eyes which forbade any further advance. Though I comprehended nothing then, I obeyed his look and went back, for my heart was not in any marriage, and it was in the hopes to which his looks seemed to point. Later he told me what those hopes were. He had been down to Long Island, and, while there, had chanced to hear in some tavern of the Happy-Go Lucky Inn and its secret cham ber. and he saw, or thought he saw, how he could make me his without losing the bene fit of an alliance with Miss Dudleigh. And I thought I saw also, and entered into his plans, though they comprised crime and en tailed horrors upon me from which women naturally shrink. I was hat d as them; her millstone of which the liiii'.c speaks, and went determinedly on in the path of dissi mulation and crime which had been marked out for me, till we came to this inn. Then, owing, perhaps, to my long imprisonment in the drpadful box, I began to feel qualms of physical fear and such hat rowing mental forebodings, that more than once during that terrible evening I came near shouting for release. But I was held back by apprehensions as great as any from which a premature release frum my place of hiding could have freed me. I dared not face Honora. and I dared not subject Edwin Urquhart to the conse quences of a public recognition of our perfidy, and so I let my opportunity go by, and became the sbarer, as I was already the instigator, of the unheard-of crime by which I became, in the eyes of the world, his wife. What I suffered during its perpetration no word of mine can convey. I cringed to her moans; I shook under the blow that stifled them. And wh<n all was over, and the bolts which confined me were shot back, and 1 found myself once more on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms. I looked about, not for him, but her. and when I did not see her or any token of her death, I was seized by such an agony of revulsion that I uttered a great and irre pressible cry which filled the house, and brought more than one startled inquirer to our -:oor. For retribution and remorse were already busy wiihin me, and in the lurking shadows about the fire place I thought I saw the long and narrow slit made by the half- closed panel standing open between me and the secret place of her entombment. And though it was but an optical delusion, the panel being really closed, it might as well have been the truth, for I have never be"ti able to rid myself of the sight of that chi merical strip of darkness, with its sugges tions of guilt and death. It haunted mv vision; it ruined my life; it destroyed my peace. If I shut my eyes at night it oppne.1 before me. If I arrayed myself in jewels and rich raimant, and paused to take but a passing look at myself in the glass, this horror immediately came between me and my own image, blotting the vision of wealth from my eyes .- so that I went into the homes of the noble or the courts of the king a clouded, miserable thing, seeing nothing but that black and narrow slit closing upon youth and beauty and innocence forever and forever and forever. My child came. Ah ! that I should have to mention her here ! I do it in penance , I do it in despair ; since with her my heart woke, and for her that heart is now broken, never to be healed again. O, if the know ledge of my misery wakens in you thought that is not of revenge cast a pity ing eve upon this darling one, left in a bate- ful country without friends, without lover, without means. For friends and lover and means will all leave her with the revelations wftich the morning will bring, unless Heaven is merciful to her innocence as it has been just to my guilt, she will have no other goal before her than that which bas opened its refnge for me. As for her father, let Heaven deal with him. He gave me this darling child ; so I may not curse him, even if I cannot bless. Maraii. October 23, 1731. I have seen one bright thing to-day, and that was the faint and almost un earthly gleam which shot for a moment from beneath Honora's falling lids, as I told her what love was and how the mar quis only awaited her permission to speak, to assure her of his boundless af fection, and his undying purpose to be true to her even to the point of assuming her griefs and taking upon himself the protection of lier innocence. If it had not been for this, I should have felt that the world was too dark to remain in, and life was too horrible to be endured. November 30. 1701. I thought that when Honora Urquhart left my house to be married to il. De Fontaine in the church below the hill, peace Mould return to us once more. But there is ne peace. . This morning another horrible tragedy defiled my door step. I was sitting in the open porch waiting for the mail coach, for it seemed to me that it was about time I received some word from Mr. Tamworth. It was yet some minutes before the time when the rumble of the coach is usually heard, and I was brooding, as was natural, over the more than terrible occurrences of the last few weeks, when I heard the clatter of horses' hoofs, and looking up and down the road, saw a small party of men ap proaching from the south. As tliey came nearer, I noticed that one of the riders was white- haired and presumably aged, 1 and was interesting myself in him, when he came near enough for me to recognise ' his features, and I perceived it was no other than Mr. Tamworth. Rising in perturbation, I glanced at the men behind and abrest of hint, and saw- that one of these rode with lowered head and an oppressed mien, and was just about to give that person a name in my mind, when the horse he bestrode sud- I denly reared, bolted, and dashed forward to where I sat, flinging his rider at the very threshold of my house, where he lay senseless as the stone upon which his head had fallen. For an instant both his companions and myself paused aghast at a sight so ter rible and bewildering ; tlien, amid cries from the road and one wild shriek from within, I rushed forward, and turning over the head, looked upon the face of the fallen man. It was not a new one to me. Though changed and seamed and white now in death, I recognised it at once. It was that of Edwin Urquhart. This noon I took down the sigu which has swung for twenty years over my front door. " Happy-Go Lucky " is scarcely the name for an inn accursed by so many horrors. February 3, 1792. This week I have fulfilled the threat of years ago. I have had the oak parlor and its hideous adjunct torn from my house. Now, perhaps I can sleep. March 10. News from Honora, The distant rela tive who succeeded to the estates and the title of the Marquis de la Roche-Guvou has fallen a victim to the guillotine. Would 1 his have been the fate of Ho nora's husband had he forsaken her and rei urned home ? There is reason to be lieve it. At nil events, she finds herself greatly comforted by this news for the sacrifice which her husband made to his love, and no longer regrets the exile to which he has been forced to submit for her sake. Wonderful, wonderful Provi dence ! 1 view its workings with renewed awe every day. Sei'tf.mbf.r 5, 1795. I have been from home. I have been 011 a visit to New York. I have tasted of change, of brightness, of free and cheerful living, and I can settle down now in this old and fast decaying inn with something else to think about than ruin and fearful retribution. I have been visiting Madame De Fon taine. She wished me to come, I think, that I might see how amply her married life had fulfilled the promise of her courtship days. Though she and her noble husband live in peaceful retire ment, aud without many of the appurte nances of wealth, they find such re sources of delight in each other's com panionship that it would be hard for the most exacting witness of their mutual felicity to wish ilu-m airy different fate, or to desire for tiiem any wider field of social influence. The marquis — I shall always call him thus — has found a friend in General Washington, and though he is never seen at the President's receptions, or mingles his voice in the councils of his adopted country, there are evidences constantly appearing of the confidence reposed in him by this great mau, which cannot but add to the exile's contentment and satis faction. Honora lias developed into a grand beauty. The melancholy which her un. happy memories have necessarily infused into her countenance have given depth to her expression, which was always sweet and frequently touching. She looks like a queen, but like a queen who has known not only grief, but love. There is nothing of despair in her glance, rather a lofty hope, and when her affec tions are touched, or her enthusiasm roused, she smiles with such a heavenly brightness in her countenance, that I think there is no fairer woman in the world, as I am assured there is none worthier. H'-r husband agrees with me in this opinion, aud is so happy that she said to me one day : ' I sometimes wonder how my heart succeeds in holding the joy which Heaven lias seen fit to grant me. Til it I read the fo-giveness of God for the unutterable sins of my parents ; and although the shadows M-iil come, and do come, when ever I think upon the past, or see a face which, like yours, recalls memories as hitter as ever overwhelmed an innocent girl in her first youth, I find that, with cv ry year of love and peaceful living, the darkle ss grows less, as if, somewhere in the boundless heavens, the mercy of God was making itself fek in the heart- of her who once called herself my mother." And hearing her speak thus, 1 felt my own breast lose something of the oppres sion which had hitherto weighed it down. And. as the days passed, and I ex perienced mure and more of the true peace that conies with perfect love and perfect trust, L found my tears turned to rejoicing, and the story of my regrets into songs of hope. And so I have come back comforted and at rest. If there are yet ghosts haunting the old inn, I do not see them, and though its walls are dismantled, its custom gone, and its renown a thing of the past, I can still sit 011 its grass-grown doorstep and roam through its fast de caying corridors without discovering any blacker shadow following me than that of my own figure, bent now with age, and only held upright by the firmness of the little cane with which 1 strive to give aid to my tottering aud uncertain steps. The grace of God lias fallen at last upon the Happy-Go-Lucky Inn. (the end.) Stdnet Smith has given us the following recipe lor making every day happy : When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one to a fellow- creature. It ie easily done ; a left-ofi gar ment to the man who needs it, a kind word to the sorrowlul, an encouragiDg expression to the striving, trifles in themselves as light as air, will do it, at least for the 2-1 hours ; and if you are young, depend upon it, it will tell when you are old, and if you are old, it will eend you gently and happily down the stream of human time to eternity. By the most simple and arithmetical sum, look at the result : Yon send one person, only one, happily through the day — that is 365 in the course of the year ; and supposing you live only 40 years after commencing that oourse of medicine, you have made 14,600 human beings happy, at all events for a time. -Now, iB not this simple? It is too ehort for a sermon, too homely for ethias, too easily ac complished for you to say : " I would if I could." We should do nothing inconsistent with the spirit and genius of our institutions. We should do nothing for revenge, bnt everything for security ; nothing for the past, everything for the present and the futu 