IS CHIVALRY DEAD, ; ll What, after - all, is chivalry ? Does it mean extreme delicacy and porfeot amenity of sentiment?; it has nothing whatever to' do with , hereditary nobility, suae, although Knighthood ennobled tho: individual, the dignity did not descend to his heirs. - Again, military and religious chivalry, such tin wo find it in the Orders of the T. mplars, the Hospi tallers, .and tho Knights of St John of Jerusalem, .has qnly a'slight commotion with romantic, pliilan- . 'thropic, and especially airiatiye chivalry, of which oriq 'of. the fundamental rules was, thut tho knight 'wis .bound . to-surve and to honour the- whole of tho- female" sex for . tho sake of 0110 particular lady. The oldtohroriiclers tell of the most noblo Lord; Geoffrey de Rudel, Pi inco of Bluyc. Ha becamo enamoured of, the Countess of Tripoli without oyer: haym'g s'eeri hei1, simply because ho had, treated the1 .pilgrim's returning from'Antioch. Alter composing wiajny choice " coinplftintca " in eulogy of his lady, j| :the Seigneur'de Blaye "shipped himself on board i 'of a_ship," like Lord Batcinau in tho ballad; in ; j '"order to, seek the shores of Tripoli. An infectious:! disease broko out .011 board, nnd it was in a half., expiring .condition that Geoll'rey de Rudel was',! landed. on "the' African coast. The Countess of: Tripoli hastened to his dying bed ; in her arms hej gave up the- ghost; she had him honourably, buried in tho. Church of the Templars, and next: day!, she took the' black veil , in memory , .of tho; ? knight1- avlio had loveii lior, so truly and -so in nocently. This'is no troubadour's talo ; it is u: simple excerpt from history; Lot it ho contrasted! ..with;, an ' equally simple' story told in Ligonicr's;1 i 'VAccount of Barbadoes," cited by Sir Bichard!i ' Steele in the 'Spectator.' Mr Thomas Inkle, of; ..London,- embarked in the Downs in: a ship ; called , . tlio Aohilee boiuid for tlie West Indies. , In stress' ; of .food, a boat, from the ship put 'into. -a i creek -ou; J|ihe!.mainland ofiAmerica. The party wore intor-i ,.coptcd, aud most of them slain by the savages ;! but Inkle was.rescued, and hidden away .for; many ;1 months. in a cave by a beautiful Indian . maiden; , called Yarico.. The: couple., were takou off by, a; .! .vessel, bound for Barbadoes, and on his arrival at; . that colony-.". Mr Thomas Inkle began seriously- to j ..rsfloot iUponrhis loss of time, and to weigh- with; a bimself-liOw many day's interest of, his money he! had lost during, his stay with-Yarico. This thought: xmadediim penaivo, and careful what account he! i" should.be -able, to give hisl friends !of 1 his - voyage. ! -:Upon, which .consideration the prudent and frugal: .-.young-uian sold -Y arico as a Blare to ,ri Barbadian! merchant." In the Btories of Inkle, and .Yarico; ,and tho,. Countess of Tripoli and the Lord of Blaye, imost'0f?the;philosophy of chivalry '.wiUV.be found." Therc'has always, ;aqd there has never' been; a real age of chivalry.-; The paradox is easily defensible., In all .ages aud among all clnsses of mankind ! there fhaveffieen, gallant, noble,. and generous souls;" arid; there have been mean, . paltry, despicable churls.) 