That Reminds Me. 'I remember a mass of a things.' — Shakspebe. Mr. George Bignold, so someone has announced, intends to revive the 'Corsiean Brothers' at Her Majesty's Theatre. This reminds me of what is called an unrehearsed effectat a certain perform ance of the 'Corsican Brothers.' The performance ! was in a theatre in Auckland, New Zealand, now, like :theT mqa, extinct. A Mr. Charles O'Brien was -playing the dual part of the brothersr :Mrv! O'Brien's' acting, like that of the 'late- oMry : Crummies, was of the ' bricks and mortar,' or ?'? heaw andtkonderous school.' And superadded to thisr; MriO'Brienhadan Irish accent of such oleagi nou^'inidkness that it might have been cut up with a carving knife, and handed round on plates. ;Mf: ^O'Brien revelled in the part of the Franchi, which was more' than his audience ' did. in his performance of it, for when he strode 'to the' footlights, and rolled out the words, 'I am a Car-r-rsican,' one of that audience replied from the stalls, ' You lie: — you're a Fenian.' But that it was related by a Melbourne paper that story of the whale which raced [an ocean going steamer for nearly 1000 miles; swallowed, casks thrown overboard by the passengers; and scratched itself against the propeller, would be regarded as a work of fiction similar to one of which, it reminds me, and which was pub lished by the Cork Constitution very many years past, when the announcement was made that the ; great sea serpent had been, seen by some of the officers and crew of one of her Majesty's frigrates, The Medusa, I think. There is a cluster of rocks near the lighthouse at the outer entrance, as it may be called, to Cork Harbor.. That cluster«f rocks is named 'The Cow and :Calfi''. ?'... One m«rning the Cobk Constitution contained a -paragraph stating that themen in .the. lighthouse had had an excellent view of the great sea. serpent, which on the previpusday had- been scratching itself for several hours against the Cow and Calf, and had scratched itself to such purpose that many of its scales had been detached, had been washed ashore, and were' retained for exhibition at the lighthouse. An excursion steamer, commanded, I .... be lieve, - by a pleasant little gentleman who afterwards went to Australia and finally settled; in Brisbane, went down to the lighthouse .crowded with passengers, who were much annoyed when they heard that the lighthouse men had seen no sea serpent, and had picked up no scales., I do not tell this story in order to induce . .the Mel bourne papers. to produce a bit of that whale as evidence, for as I expect honest people, to believe all I write I am always prepared to believe any thing I read. In a recent number of .the Town and CdtTNTBT JoTONAi, I read how some clever gentleman had succeeded in making the' ^tair grow ' again on a horse, from which an attack of fever had removed the hair. That gentleman 'was'tdever and 'kind, but, to my mind, foolish. A hairless horse I have long looked upon as second only, to 'a, good' annuity regularly paid. I remember 'the hairless horse,' the horse that came from somewhere up Queensland way, and I shall never forget the admiringly appreciative manner in which he was addressed bya visitor one day. The visitor was a theatrical manager, nearly worried to death by a defective treasury and an importu nate company. And the manager said to the horse, 'You are the kind of com-: pany I want. You don't chuck tip ' a part because you think its net good enough for you. You don't;when you get a good part neglect to study it, and then trust to Winging it until : you are goosed. You don't go for a picnic with a bank manager and keep the orchestra playing an overture five times over. Youdon'iget drunk and compel me to suddenly change the: play consequent upon the unexpected illness of Mr. Blank. -You don't bother about thie ghost walk* ing. All you want is some oats (this was in New ? Zealand), and some hay and some water, with a carrot and some greenstuff now and again. Oh, ; how I wish I had you for a company.' The notices of new books in the papers lately show me that quite a number of ladies and gentle men in Australia are engaged at their own ex pense in writing poetry. This kind of thing in-: variably reminds me of some early experiences with poets. One experience was with a friend at school . who fancied he was a poet, and made what he considered a fair start on an epic poem with the line, ' On a grassy bank I lay fiat along.'. The worst of it was ; that having made so fair a. start he never got any further, but in a poetical sense has been, laying flat along on a grassy bank ever since. -? Another ?xperience was with a schoolmaster in Dunman way, whichi as everybody knows, is in the west of the county of Cork. A friend of mine got married, . and a schoolmaster wrote and forwarded to him what both parties thought at first was a perfectly exquisite epitkalamium. . My friend in Mb early joy sent the poet .£5. The poem, in describing the bride, compared her to a deceased historical personage in the following lines : :.. And, lilre the famed Jane Shore, ??.;??:.;..,? , ... . . Of ancient yore, . . . , . ... . :'.; -: ?-?'??? On the poor 'expended ' ' '' ' ' ' ' '?' All her store To the highest generation. Unfortunately, some months after the honey moon, some miserable pedant caused my friend and his Vife to inquire into the exact character of Jane Shore, as depicted ~by historians, attd as a result ihy friend; who ' could laofeggth®^ back, gave the poet such a thrashing with a blackthorn stick that he resolved never to write verses again. Indeed, as a Cockney servant of a visitor, who saw the poet after the beating, said : 'His owls was like horgans.' ? Although there are great doubts as to the feasibility -of working submarine boats in prac tice, the accounts of the Peral continue favor able. This vessel is of the so-called ' cigar shape,' though a few cigars were ever, shaped like- it, and it. ip fitted .wijlii fourscrewBr two for propelling and two for submersion, purposes. Matters have been so- arranged' that if any accident occurs to the motors' and the submersion screws are stopped, the boat rises, at once to the surface . without- further aid, though, the emptying of the water, com partments hastens the ascension. The automatic, apparatus which regi^t»s the depth c at .which r the boat is to work is designed on a principle somewhat similar to that of the aneroid barometer, A curved tube of elliptical section is placed in . connection with the sea, and its deformations .due to . the alterations of pres Bure actuate a- switch, by which the. strength;, of the current going to the immersion J screw, is varied. A very sensitive automatic electrical device is also employed to keep the. vessel in a horizontal position. The apparatus consists of a pendulum play ing between two contacts/ If the boat is. not perfectly level from steija; to ^fii^e pendulum touches one of the two ^3a^tB,And' the restdt is that the corresponding verti(^V sew iB-actuated, and the boat is righted,:. . . .v :,/'.;:;' 