TIIE TI!.' MP'S lETURN. Baick from the highway the lindens wanve Their stately leaves in the deetening light. ]Behind them rises a moss.grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost in the misty night. No holme-light gleams through tlhe broken pane No house-dog watches the open door : No voiees warble it sweet refrain : - No patter of footsteps across the floor ., Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds lit through the silent rooms, Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and winldow pane? ' Where are tire dear ones who watched with leve Tiostepa that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by olle t?hey were garnercd itl To the fol oft I, tetiler Shepherd's ecareo; Who keeps from danger and free from sifl All who are gathered and waiting there. Until of tise number whothero did dwell, With careless laughter, merry and free ; lBut three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath tile moss-grown roof ansl the linden tree. Fatherandmother aid sotier nwl youngest born Alone were left 'niath the old roof-troo; Alone tiler wept o'er the pulscless forms; For the faces they never again could see. Buttbuaoant youth, with his hosseful heart, Lool:ed forth to the future with longing eye,; And tatierand mother, and homne nd friends Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. Out on the hIighway a ragged form Comes feebly along iby the broken gate. Who aire hilosiriend and where is his home ? 'Where is Ieo going to-nighlt so !ote ? Orll s tIramsp . to be sohunned of men ; ITomoeltes ais finrllless: hunigry mnd poor ; Why does hle pause in thl misty light, Ahid saadly look toward the cottagodoor ? Os!y ,r traip! to be scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, Meoncriess, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homnesick and wehry, heartbroken and poor. Only a tren' ! with a gronan of despair, He troembhliigiyoeasns theblrokei gate ; - Andilrfel through tile saiwful stillness there That he lhas returned, alas! too late! No loving voice welcomes tho tramp's return As feebly hie totters toswards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homelens and lone; Tired antd discouraged : friendless and poor. No one to pity hin; noneuo to forgive ; No one to succour Ilim ; none to caress; No one to cnre for hlti: sick anid alone ; God pity the tramp in his homelessness. \--IELn Ilanro:s DENSaORe., in lhtsral WIorld. 