Police Court. Saturday, March 8th, Before Dr. Ross, J.P. OSBSCENE LANGUAGE Herbert Edward Smallman was charged with making use of obscene language in a public plaoe, and pleaded not guilty. Mr. Kinna for the defence. Constable Spark as deposod : On Friday night' about 9 o'clock I was on duty in Riddle street and walked up as far as the corner of Gidley street, when my attention was called to a fight ; | I then went up Gidley-street, and when the crowd saw me most of them ran away; I spoke to prisoner and said "What's all this about" He said ' What are those ---- running away for ?" I then arrested him on a charge of rio tous behaviour and using obscene language : the accused used this language when- standing about the middle of Gidley-street. To Mr. Kinna : I was not looking for a ghost or playing the ' ghost trick ' on this occasion ; I saw prisoner fall back and heard someone call out "time". It was beyond McGroder's shed that I arrested defendant ; will swear that it was a part of Gidley Street. It was just beyond the lane behind McGroder's, that runs up to Bennett's ; I believe Gidley- street runs past that; Gidley-street runs up to a fence. (On a rough plan being drawn out witness admitted that he had made a mistake). Cross-examina tion continued : There is not much traffic in the locality : when coming down to the lock-up defendant told me his name was Smallman, when I first asked defendant what was the mat ter I did not hear him say "we are only having a jump;' will not swear he did not say it; there were a few others about three, or four yards away ; i only recognised Frank Savers | amongst them ; prisoner used the words quite loud and distinctly, and the others must have heard him ; I know defendant well ; I know Mr. Smaliraan is living in East Molong ; when further asked by Mr. Kinna why he did not take out a summons instead of arresting prisoner, witness made no reply, To Senior-Constable Atkinson : Did not hear any other persons use any bad language. To Mr. Kinna : Did not subpoena Sayers as a witness, because I did not think it necessary. Herbert Edward Smallman (defendant) de posed : I remember Constable Sparkes coming to me last night ; I think it was about 7- o'clock although it may have been later, as far as I could tell ; I was about 50- or 60- yards from McGroder's corner, along side a stockyard ; the constable said to me ' What's all this about'. I said 'Oh we were only jumping". He then arrested me for riotous behaviour ; the others ran away when the constable came, about three or four stayed there ; the Others were about as far from us as from where I am now standing to the gate in front, of the court house; when walking away I said to the con- stable in an ordinary tone of voice, ' What did those--- run away for ?' the others could not hear me;' Sparkes then said he would have me for obscene language ; when near the Church of England I told him my name, and he replied 'Yes, I know you well' he then brought me to the lock up, and when putting me in the cell. said ' it was a shame to lock me up.' The Bench decided that the words had not been used in the sense implied by the Act, and accordingly dismissed the case. RIOTOUS BEHAVIOUR. On a further charge of riotous behaviour the same defendant was remanded until the follow ing Monday, bail allowed, but when the case was called on Monday the police were all away at Ironbark and the case was still further ad journed until the following Friday. 