THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALKS. The match in Melbourne created a considerable amount of interest. The Vic'oi'ians went in first and made a total of 251, the principal scorers being Bruce PI, Barrett 69, Blackbam 63, none of the other players reached 10. Garrett came off in tbe bowling, securing four wickets for 44 runs, Charlton three wickets for 37 runs. Ferris two wickets for 68 runp, Turner one wicket for 54 runs. The New South Wales team in the first innings made only 109, as follows: — Mackenzie 4, Bannerman 12, Mor-es 20, Turner 14, Donnan 6, Bonnor 16, Richardson 3, Ferris 0, Garrett 10, Charlton 3, Wales, not out, 6 ; sundries, 15 ; total 109. Being obliged to follow on, the New South Wales team made a much better stand. Bannermau (run out) 117, Bonnor 5. Mo=ee 27, Mackenzie 8, Tur ner 26, Garrett 24, Rkhardson 6, Iu tbeir second innings the Victorians obtained the necessary 12 [ runs, to enable -hem to win the match, 'with the Joss of two wickets ; Harry and Bruce being disposed of for 17 and 71 respectively, while Trott and Barrett carried out their batB with 29 and 4 up to their credit. A Good Season in Northern Queensland. — Brisbane, Monday. — Mr. E. Palmer, member of the Assembly for Carpentaria, who has been for the last two months amongst his constituents, re turned to Brisbane. He travelled from Norman town to Cloncurry, and describes the country as being 111 a very promising condition. The ex ceptionally dry season last year was beginning to Bhow its effects, for although no stock had been lost cattle were in a very low condition and were turned out of the psddocks. The rain, however, which had recently fallen had been the means of fil ing up the waterholes. At Mitchell there had been 9ia. of rain since November, whilst a cross countiy mailman was stuck up between Norman ton and Gumbala, and had not reached the latter plnce when M'r. Palmer left, being then three or four days behind. Death of a Child from Fright. — A child named O'Gorman, 9 years old, whose parents re side at Albion Park, is leportrd to have died from the effects of a fright produced at a juvenile, game, in which the representation of a ghost ap peared, The shock to the nervous system brought on paralysis. Lord Carriugton will leave for New Zealand on Januaiy in the flagship Orlando. His Excellency will probably proceed first to Dunedin, aud after wards he will visit several of the principal centres of population on the two islands. Mr. M'Millar, the Colonial Treasurer, intends to leave for Dunedin early in the year by one of the Union Steamship Company's steamers. Mr. M'Millan will be accompanied by the Postmaster-General, the Hon. D. O'Connor. The poets are already on the warpath anent the death of poor Searle. Here is a gem from an ode in an urban ' organ ':— No rounds of oheering greet Lim, 110 festal shouts of praise. Not ou his fqreliend niny we fasten triumphal brays j i end in his time of glory, dund 111 his nativo laud, Dead, whilo tho fiieuds he conquered weeping around him stand . ' Triumphal brays ' is, it must be admitted, vry severe on the 'admirers of the deceased scuiler. It is neat, though, and the author must be a ely bad poet. 