JFootlight Flashes. 'BOCCACCIO' TO FOLLOW 'PAUL JONES.' 'Fedora' at the Criterion. 1 MAGGIE MOORE AS 'MEG.' Xho 'Glass of Fashion.' «- MACBETH.' The Ittekarde Season— Tlio AUitimbra— Melbourne Items— News from all Parts. Next Saturday thoro will he changes at all the theatres, and the only difficulty will bo which performance to choose. Variety is charming, but when it comes in tho Bhapo of three now 'bills' thb ques tion naturally arises how is tho dramatic critic to divide himself into three equal parts and sit out tho performance at each ploco. The only individual we aro acquainted with who can satisfactorily perform this feat is l'oolo, who, on sundry occasions, has been an nounced to appear in three pieces. Luckily for the ? genial comedian, however, the three pieces were at tho ono theatre, so that, after all, the main difficulty of an adequate division of the human anatomy was overcome. - . ? ?' .'.?#.',. * ? ? * '' Paul Jones, after a most successful tun, is to. leave tho Eoyal on Friday, ahd'on'Saturday Boccaccio will be produced on a scale of lavish splendor. It will be . like parting with a favorite tooth to loso Bight of Miss ; Nellie Stewart, Madame Burton- and. Miss Aggie Kolton in their respective parts in Paul Jones. They have become quite familiar figures, and the characters they take seem to have -won the popular favor. Messrs. Snazelle and Leiteh will fool no more, and Messrs. Hodson and 'Woodfield, together with- John Gourlay,' will find other characters to. fit them. Paul Jones has been successful, and the powerful company have had much to do in making it so. The opera itself is bright and lively, but hardly up to ' concert pitch,' if such an expression may bo used. On Saturday night Lord and Lady Cai-rington, Sir H. and Lady Hamilton wore present, and there was a full house, tho opera going ex ceedingly well. . Tho following is the cast Df characters for Hoccaccio, in which, the name part will be played alternate nights by Miss Nellie Stewart and Madame ? Burton : — Fiametta, Mis3 Annette. Ivanova; Isabella, Miss Aggie Kelton ; Beatrice, Miss Tilly Salinger ; Peronella, Miss Bessie Boyal; Lamberfcuceio, Mr. G. H. Snazelle ; Pietro, Mr. W. H. Woodfield ; Leonetto, Mr. Knight Aston ; Checco, Mr. Sydney Dean; , Lotteringhi, Mr. John Gourlay j and Scalza, Mr. Henry Hodson. l'he box plan for Boccaccio is now open. ./' ,'? »..?-? # ? . . Fedora has been drawing large houses at the Criterion, and Miss Janet Achurch lias added many moro admirers to her already lengthy list by her admirable perform ance of the heroine of Sardou's great tragic play. ? Miss Achurch's regime at this pretty little bijou theatre has been a triumphant success. Opening ' with A Doll's^ House, a play which requires much careful study, both before and bo hind the' curtain, Miss Achurch at once made a hit, although the Ibson play was not popular until it had been staged at least a week. Then the merits of tho play and the actress were fully realised, and Miss: Achurch became the fashion. She followed £ .-poll's Bouse with Frou, Frou and again scored, and hor Fedora — probably Her best effort— is a fine per formance.' The members of the company have rendered Miss Achurch admirable support throughout tho season. On Satur day .a inatinee performance of A Doll's House was given,, when there was a large attendance of the literary and theatrical professions; the circle was crammed. Miss Achnroh was the recipient of several floral tributes, not the least noticeable of which was a doll's house, made of beautiful flowers, and for which Mr. George Leitoh generally receives credit. . It may be men tioned that MeBsrs. Brough and Boucl cault's Company commence their season on Saturday, when A Fool's Paradise, by Sydney Grundy, will be produced. The box-plan is now open at Nicholson's. Magsjio Moore's Meg in Tlie Castaway has been . tho . attraction at Her Majesty's. There's not muclTin the play,' but there is a great deal in Maggie Moore's Meg. The Castaway is not a powerful play by any means, and the various characters in it seem to'have been inventedfor the express purpose of showing Meg up with additional lustre. On Saturday Mr. WilliamEignold will appear in Now-a-Days, one of the best dramas of its kind we have seen. His im personation of Jack Saxton is : one of, the best pieces of acting ever seen in Sydney. Npw-a-Dayi) will only be revived for a week, and this will probably be all too short for the. crowds of people who will rush to re new their acquaintance with the honest, manly Yorkshireman. ' , ? * .*? ?'?? '?? . * '? .-? ?. ? Macbeth' will be produced at Her Majesty's after Now-a-Days, and we hear Mr. George Eignold is' making elaborate preparations for a grand revival. He will produce Macbeth on Lyceum lines,' and follow closely upon Henry Irving's model. The scenery will be superb. 'Tlio witches scene alone will show some startling and novel effects. Macbeth has been actively rehearsed, and it will be ? interesting to Bee how Miss ''? Janet' 'Achurch' will play Lady. Macbeth, the part EUon Terry made famous at the Lyceum. The cast wili probably bo as follows :— Macbeth, Mi-. Geo. Eignold j Macduff, Mr. Chas. Charrington j Malcolm, Mr. Mein mingj; Duncan, Mr: Jowett; Banquo, Mr. Hazlitt; Boss, Mr. Gi'efen'away'^ Lennox, Mr. Hoyte. .The witches' will bo given' to Messrs. Ayrton,. Tolano ., and. Harcourfc whilst Xady Macbeth is to be rendered by Miss Janet Achurch. ? ?? ' .*, ?''*'? ' * Harry Eickards seems to have fairly caught the public at the School of, Arts, and the hall is packed every night. The now' programme is popular, and tho indi vidual' who can 'sit it but and, go awdy without feeling mirthful must bo a hope less inisanthropo. Sir. Eickards'. now song, 'My Son,' brings down the house. . His make , up is i)erfoct,and it is an' im- personation he may well bo proud of. Mr. ?Davys' and Miss Georgio Devoo in their dance, and Mons. Proyo with his ? con juring, are highly Buccessfiil. The Tud'ors arid tho othor members of this '. popular, company all do well. The season will probably be prolonged, as tho. atten dances show no sign of diminishing. ?...'.'#? * . # ? . The Alhambra has been well patronised it is almost needloss to say. This clever company must draw good houses. Tho Bongs, &c;, in tho first part entrusted to such artists as the Misses Amy Eowe, Tessio Cleveland, and Florence Schulor, and Messrs. W. Downs, W. King, and J. Matlock are, as a matter of courso, well rendered. Charlie Tanning and Johnny Cowan ' as bones, arid Sam Keerian 'and Irving Sayles as tarabos, look well after the funny part of the business, Mr. H. Ban Lug ton ably acts as inteilocutor. ? ? ? Tho inatinee performances on Tuesday and Saturday at Mr. Frank Smith's Hall continue, to draw good houses. ' i v , Tlio Cyclorama is still open, and last Saturday crowds of people stood outside awaiting theit turn to seo the show. ' This speaks for itsolf. # ? ? Meluoukne Items. Dr. Neild has boon prosontcd with a purse of JJ7O1 18s 9d. Ho dosorvoa every cont of it for his f oarloss criticism of porformanoos. ? ? ? . ildlla de Brassier has boon sncooodod.by a now piooo, ontitlod Hero and Leander, at tho Prinboss', by. Mrs. Potter and Mr. Kyrlo Bellow. . ? ? # * #. Tho attraction during the wools at tho Theatre, Eoyal has boon The Lucky Lot, and at , tho Alexandra Theatre- Tha Golden Ladder. Both pioces aro oxoeedingly woll put upon tho stage, and thoy have enjoyed a fair amount of publio patronage. # ? ? ? ? ?? ?? #'-- ? :,- ? Fun on the. Bristol has onoo moro lilt 'om at tlio Opera Houso. . A Melbourno journal says:— 'One of tho loading features of tho show iR tho Sappho ballot, which is nniqno of its kind. I Tlio ladies aro beautifully attired, thoir figuros being displayed to tho utmost advantage without doing violonoo to propriety, and tho movements and musio aro really oxquinito. Anything moro pioturosquo as illufltratino1 the poetry b£ motion has, seldom or noyor before boon introduced on the Aus tralian stago. ? ? ?' ' ? * *. . .-? ? ? The AusTEAiiAsiAN says :— Sydney Grundy 's comedy draimVTfce' Glass of Fashion (whioh will bo played at tho Criterion, Sydnoy, on Saturday), was rovivod.at the Bijou last Saturday t and has drawn appreciative audi ences during tho week, being well put upon tho stago and very capably aoted. The play was not popular with the Labouohores andiatos of the London social world on, its first produc tion, because it is designed as a satire on tho new sooiety journalism. John Macadam, a wealthy brewer (Mr. E. Brough), has boon in duced to become the proprietor of anew society newspaper called The Glass op Fashion, and instead of his dream of having the worlii at his feet being realised, he finds himself threatened with actions for libel almost daily, the editor (Mr. G. L. Gordon') showing a dis position to sacrifice everything in ordortoin eort spioy items of 'news.' Mrs. Trovanion (Mrs. it. Brongh), tho wifo of a colonel in tho army, imprudently allows horsolf to bo in voiglod into a compromising position by an adventurer who passes himself off as a Polish Prince (Mr. D. Bouoicault), his stock-in-trade boing limited to a dress suit and a talent for winning at cards, and his nefarious schemes aro largoly helped by the columns of tho Bocioty journal being opon to him. Tho sliam prince, however, is at last unmasked, and the disastor ho lias sought to bring about, in tho Trovanion family is cleverly averted by the adroitness of Mrs. Trovanion's sister (Miss Pattie Brown). ? ? . Miscellaneous. Mr. J. J. Konnody has resolved to reside in ChriBtchnroh permanently. # * - « ? ' ; . ' ' Tho opora of Paul Jones was recently per formed in London for the 852nd time. :???:?-. ?*'.?'?.;?'*? Tho Baby. Ogdon Company are still travel ling tho country, districts of Canterbury. ?' '????.?? * ' . . ? Janauschek is still trying new plays. 'She has one for next season, By Order of the Giar. :# # *' '. ? Wirth's Cirons is still ' raking in the dollars' in the country districts around Auckland. - * « ?.' ? -. TheSt.Maur season in Diinodin seems to continue very Buccessful. Betsy drew large audiences, and Barnes of New xork has been put on. ' ? ; . ?.-:'? \- * _ ? * Wilson Barrett's now theatre in London is nearly, finished. No name has boon given to it yet. It oobupies the site of the old Olympic, a classic theatre. ' Tho St. James Gazette says that ' alike for beauty o£ voioo and pcrfootion o£-Btylo Madame Molba.is certainly the first artiste of tho present day.' 1 # -^ * # ' Honry Irving was recently appealed to- on behalf of his old colleague, and at once re sponded :—' Toll Mr. Sinclair to draw on mo fora hundred a year during the rest of hii life.' ? * *? . » ?'.':' Mr. Edward Lloyd, the well-known English tenor, completed a tour in - America in June. For four performances; at the Handel and Haydn Festival at Boston he . roceivod the munificent sum of i8800; ?:.... : . _ „,-.. ? ,.. #. .. ,....#: .-. . ?#.-??'? ? -,. An American journal saya E. S. Willard, the English actor, is coming to this oountry to star this season. Mr.'1 Willard is' only a very small star in England yot, but he will probably rise or set hore. .# ? # ? ? # ' A woll-known American advance agent has wagered with another, equally woll known, that he can marry, divorce, and re-marry the same woman before 'August 1. The marriage has been recorded and a divorce suit is now being rushed. . . ??????:. Mr. G. 0. Miln, tho tragedian, on his thirty ninth birthday played Othello in Auokland, under the patronage of the local Savage Club. Mr. Mini has given a couple of lectures in Auckland on ' Candles and Footlights, or the Church and the Stage.' -.-,..,. * ;'. ? ,» - ??# . '???? : , , The time held for Sarah Bornhardt in America in the fall will be filled by tlio Agnes Huntington' Opera Company. It is said that Abbey will take Bornhardt through Germany and Bussia ' instead of bringing her to this country after hor London engagement. '» ? ? # - # Mr. Honry Edwards and Mr. G. P. Carey have purchased for America an Australian drama, illustrative of goldfiolds and bush life, written in Melbourno by Mr. Chas. Bradley. It will be produced in Americanext November by the'abovenamod gentlemen and company. .* ? - * * Miss Stophonson, a protty maiden of 1G summers, who imitates tho American arid Australian song birds, tolls droll ghost stories in nigger dialect, dances ' nearly as well as KateYaughan' and 'sings beautifully;' is all tho.raga just now in. fashionable London circles.' . ? - The last wook of tho Gaiety Company at tho Baldwin Theatre promises a little better than last (says tho 'Fkisco Chbonicle). As tho company will very likely never bo soon hero again there are always 'people who want to see tho last of thomr The sale of seats for the Palmer season opens at the theatre to morrow. Tho demand is already large. ?'.?-? ???#.'* Stephen Fisko says in the MntRois that tho dismission as to whether actors ought to bo managers or whether managers ought to be /actors stopped suddonly when it reached; the interviewing stage. Those two loading aotor managers, Irving and 'WyndlHun, decliiied to express any opinion upon the mtbjeot. Irving regarded the intorviower with his slow, subtle smilo andohanged the conversation. . Wynd ham asked if a practical joko ivas intended. What Messrs. Irvingand Wyndham suggested by their silonce is quito true— there is no such question to discuss. No matter whose name may be at the head of tho playbill the leading aotor and the business manager of a thoatro are always entirely different persons. Thoy may bo partners, they may advise and consult witheaoh other as employer and' agent, but the one could no moro act. on the Btago than the other could settle tho weekly accounts. '' -.'. ? ! '.?' '*.' ..-??? '.??? * ' ? ?- ', Edward Strauss was conducting his world famed band at the Madison Square Gardens, N.Y., when tlio mail loft. There appears to be some confusion, by the way, respecting the identity and relationship or tho. Strausses. The original Johann died in. 1849. He was tho organiser and conductor of the Imperial Court Band. His eldest son, likewise named Johann, is the composer of tho most popular of the Strauss waltzes. His dance-pieces number moro than four hundred, while his four oporettas — Indigo, The Carnival 'of Rome, Die Fledermaus (The Bat) and CagUostro,, all of which wore composed' botwoen Z87X and 1875, mot with considerable1 suooosb. Ho was a Btar in the World's Jubiloo at Boston in 1872, and tho Baine year he gave throe oonoorts in New York. Ho. was not accompanied by his band. Josef,- the second son of old Johann, died in 1870. He Was also a prolific composor of danco musio, and loft nearly three hundred compositions of this order. Eduard, tho third and youngest of tho family, is tho author of about two hundred workfl. Ho has beoomo more celo bratod as a comluotor than a composor, how ovor, his baud onjoying a univorsal reputation. If Johann and Josof had not lived and com posed Eduaul's danco muoic would have been tho most popular m tho norld. United, tho published works of tho Strauss family number eltven hundred, of which about four hundred are waltses. . 