Tales and Sketches. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TRAGIC STORY OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," '. The Three Recruits," "John Needham's Double," &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] PART IV. CHAPTER II.-ONLY A WOMAN. Philip Forsyth'« mad infatuation would have confirmer! him, as Ferrari put it, body and soul a member of the Brotherhood, but for the persistent opposition of the Countess Stravenslty. If Philip dil not take the final oath he was, nevertheless, aooepted ? as an auxiliary of the association. It was only for conscience sake that the Countess resisted this last act of the young artist's wild devotion. As ehe put it to her comrades, ne was sufficiently their ally without completing the treaty of aeorecy and service. Ferrari saw in this act of friendship, not to say love, the first sign of weakness in Anna's character. It did not occur to him that she had achieved the work of vengeance which had stimulated and held together her alliance ' with the brotherhood. Since the Ghost of the Lagoon had oast its lurid shadow upon Russian despotism, the Countess Stravensky bad found little room in ber heart for thoughts and feelings which hitherto bad been engrossed in the one idea of her resuriectinn from death and torment in the Czaronva Hospital. On the eve of that supreme act of vengeance in the Venetian palace, Anna had been strangely moved, ss we have already seen, by the infatuation of Philip Forsyth ; not so much on his account aa for the memories which it revived of her happy girlhood. She had in lonely moments seen'In this boyish love of the English artist something like a spiritual resuscitation of the youthful Babbi LozUski. Her thoughts, whioh for years had only gone back to the village of Czaronva with shuddering remembrances of its tragic 1 overthrow, now found op|M>rtuuities for < contemplating the light and sweetness which preceded the advent of the Governor Petrono vitch. She had permitted her fancy to wander back to the great bouse at the en- trance of the Ghetto, the Jewish celebrations of leaveB and flowers and harvest, of births and deaths, of religions Institutions and oustoms. She saw herself a child, sitting at her mother's knee, and weeping at her mother's grave; noted how quiokly in her infant mind this latter memory had mellowed with time into an engrossing affection foi her father, giving her almost womanly duties in her girlhood, and offering her sympathies to- wards every soul In the Ghetto.. Even on the first day of her arrival to fulfil what to ber was a sacred mistión at Venios, abe had sat for bonn silently in her red gondola dreaming of this happy past, in the one model Jewish village of that great Empire, where the fires of revolt and persecution ara for ever ?mouldering with threatening and awful possibilities. Ferrari, with the instinct of his race and the subtle undentanding of the born con- spirator, felt .that Anna's sympathy for Philip Forsyth boded no good to the osuse. He ventured to say so, bom to Philip and to Anna herself. Anna answered him with reference to th* successful incident of the movement with which she had been associated ; dwelt' upon the tremendous sensation that had been created in the courts of Europe by the vengeanoe of Venios ; and confessed that she could not find it in ber heart to make the one great sscrifice he now demanded of her, to cast off Philip Fonyth. " If I could cut him off from us," she said, " with the assurance that he would return to bia home and duty, you might count upon me. But it is his misfortune to have fallen under some arrange apell whioh we postest." " Whioh you posses;," said Ferrari. " It is all the aune," aw 'said. "My mission, he claims, is his mission. I do not disguise from myself that he is msd ; but I find in hts companionship a strange pleasure." "To confess whioh," said Ferrari, "is to oonfess that you ate no longer true to the brotherhood." " True 1" she exclaimed. " Do yon then impeach mo ? In what respect am I untrue?" " You know," said Ferrari, " that you are the tint woman I have trutted. Yon know that I have always been opposed to confiding our section of the brotherhood to the con- stancy of a woman." "In whioh you are," «aid.the Counteet, " illogical. Waa it not Sophie Provskaya who gave the signal for Rynkovit attack which carried oft the Emperor yon moat hated!" " But which," rejoined Ferrari, "yon moat . condemn." "IT" she exclaimed. " " Bave you not," he said, " ohanged our latest programme t Have you not more than once declared ' we are oouaplratort, but not assassins J' Have you not repudiated the term Nihilist, as it ia' apblied to'the party of revolution and reform InEuropef ' " For a foolish word," «he said, " whioh does not interpret us or our ambition. Do I repudiate the rising we hope fort Do I not rejoice in the coming revolt ot the Army? Do I not glory in the agrarian fire* of the peasant? Do I pause at an aot of vengeanoe -a life for a life ? Aak me to rival Sophie Provskaya, the risk of my own life for the annihilation of a thousand Petronovltohes, one by one or in companies, and I am equal to the oooasion ; but out me tera dynamite plot, involving the Uvea of innocent people, and leading to no political result, out assuredly to be followed by the execution, of ?ome of our own comrade*, and I realst I" "But," said Ferrari, "given the great result, given the algnal for a general upheaval, for the rallying of the great force* of revolution, the overthrow of a vile and bloody tyranny, the etttbllshment of a constitution, in short, for the fulfilment of the great and glorious programme of constitutional liberty and national freedom-what then ¥' " Assure me of this, Ferrari, and I am with you. Assure me that we may hope, in one great sacrifice, to break the Russian chaina, and at the same time to bring our brothen and silten to the promised land, flowing with milk and honey, and I am with you. But you mutt convince me, Ferrari; otherwise, dear friend, I pause with the victory of Venice ; and could I forecast the end of all for me, I would ask no other blessing than to die in my father'e arms away in his Siberian oaptivity. Nay, do not (tart, Ferrari ; I oonld say thia to no other. You remember the good, generous, kindly merchant ; the devoted father, the ataunoh friend, the martyr ?" "Then you have heard." said Ferrari, calmly, " from your father ?" " Not from bim but of him," she «aid, a melancholy smile stealing over her pale' features. "The despatoh you received in Paris?" said Ferrari. " The same. It oame through tha Russian Ambattador," " The one secret you have withheld from me," said Ferrari. " Not withheld," «aid the Count***, " only postponed. The Influence of the Count Stra- vinsky, my dear friend and suooeator, wa* beneficial It gave my father mean* ; it secured communication with Moscow and St. Petersburg. Not at once! Oh, no I It took three yean before relief 'of any kind oame to him ; four yean, five yean, six,-and to-day, Ferrari, be is in hi* awn peaceful room* In au agricultural villa** away beyond tba mountains, tended by a Siberian servant, and resigned, walting for the end. As you *o> long regarded him aa dead to ms, as I have aa long accepted tatt potiUoo, so hs has regarded ut, -dead, Ferrari, dead I - U l should «M Um again It would be a foretute of Paradise for Um, for me perhaps." " It is thia romantic attachment of y ours to Forsyth that lias unnerved you." "Then I thank him for it, on,my knees, Ferrari. If be baa relighted that human lamp within my breast whioh shows me the past In the present, what humanly I was, then thank God, Ferrari, for His inter- position." " 80 it do not oast its betraying light upon the forthcoming enterprise of the brotherhood, I am willing to say 'Amen ' to that. I can find in my own heart, Anna Klosstook, one drop ol patienoe, when I remember that it was I who brought down upon your father's house the hand of persecution and murder; that it was I who made the trail of death, of the sword and fire whioh the Christian friends followed to tbs peaceful streets of the Czaronva settlement." " You have had your revenge, Ferrari, and I mine." " No, no, my sister. I have no love-tokens of the psst, no young English woman to revive it if I had. My vengeance is never complete. No woman can come between me and my oath, between me and my righteous ambition, between me and my esc red duty, es Philip Forsyth comes between me and yours." " I will not have it so, Ferrari ; and I olaim your firm and faithful allegiance to me, an allegiance not of oaths or vows, but of mutual suffering and mutual wrong. If it has pleased our Father Abraham that in this alliance of oars the woman at last shall be weaker than the man, do not blame me. Judge of me in the future as you have known me in the past, but do not ask for the impossible ; do not ask for a destroying angel in a mere woman of the people ; do not ask for the spiritual in the mortal ; do not ask for a miracle-I am only a woman !" CHAPTER III,-DICK CHETWYND SAYS "I WILL." Ferrari's instinot was true. His judgments of Anna Klosstock waa confirmed by results. It needed no traitor in the camp to frustrate the operations which took him and Anna and the rest by the various routes to St Peters- burg. The mainspring of the movement was altered. It wee a question of nerve. Ferrari bad detected it. There had been no secrets between him and Anna until her previous visit to London, when Philip Forsyth crossed her path ; but be had been reassured, touching any fears he might have experienced ia Anna's confession of deep interest in Philip, by her magnificent oampalgn of strategy and ven- geance on the Grand Canal, Her outbreak of emotional memories, however, on the eve of the brotherhood's united action in St. Petersburg, had, as we have seen in the previous chapter, shaken his faith in the mental and physical strength of his Amazonian associate. But there waa no ooaree of check open to him in regard to the Nihilistic ad van oe. All he could do in the way of strengthening the outposts, guards and sentinels of the conspiracy, he carried out with finn exactitude. He hoped to have kept the action clear from any association with what Anna called her auxiliary aid, Pbiiip Forsyth, who travailed in her company to St. Petersburg, the Countess Stravenaky'e private secretary, vke for the time being, Ferrari resigned. Her Italian oomrade paased into Basais through a different port, and in one of his most complete disguises. The Countess and her maid, accompanied hy Philip and a courier, went openly to St. Petersburg, where the yoong artist was duly introdnoed into the highest society by his Illustrious patroneas. Her visit was understood to be simply one of rest and social duty, ea rouie for the scuee of her husband's estates, whither some business of charity oalled her. Within a few daya of her arrival ehe aet out for the interior, or waa understood to have done so ; but what happened waa an enterprise of an entirely different character. The Countess made her adieus, and dis- appeared from society and the world cf St. Petersburg, prior to taking her place io the ranks- of the brotherhood, accompanied by Philip in a disguise whioh ehe had preferred for him; but not before conjuring him to leave her and her associates to return home while he could safe to his family and friends. But Philip had only one negative reply to all her warning, and in aome étrange, un- accountable way, the woman who had been for years the companion of strong men bound together by pstriotlo oaths and emotions of revenge, found the infatuation whioh she exorcised upon the voluntary young exile from London re deo ted back upon herself. She tried to think that fate bad given to her the oomfort of bli companionship aa aome sort of recompense for past sufferings ; that fortune, perhaps, had placed him by her eide as a new human impulse, an added arm in the great work which, Ferrari, assured her, would be the signal for the ooming millenium of their race and tba overthrow of the Colossus of Despotism whioh threatened to bestride the civilised world. Ferrari had of late over and over again ex- pounded to Anna Klosstock (in whom, after all, bia hopes of enemas in the latest enter- prise of bis «arter were centred) the tremen- dous growth of the revolutionary strength in Russia whioh bad taken place under the new Czar, Alexander HL While admitting the numerically small numbers ol the organising and executive forces, Ferrari had shown Anna by docu- mentary and other évidence, the vast ex- tension of the movement towards whioh they occupied the van ; and while receiving in secret oonclave the reports of the advanro whioh was being made right through the military services, they both chiefly rejoiced ia the prospect* of the propaganda among the peasants, who had in many districts and under more or less authoritative encourage- ment, worked there will upon the Jews, but had of late entered into aeoret agrarian alliances with their Semillo fellow-oitizens against the nobles and landed proprietors. Jews throughout the provínoos most in sym- pathy with tbs holy oause had been wel- comed into aeoret societies ; and it was set forth in a remet important work by Tikhomirov that One of the great significant political facts of the moment waa a definite transition of the anti-Semltio into agrarian troubles. The people, finding it difficult to form peasant parties, had organised secret societies, one of whioh, havlog wide and powerful ramifications, had contributed anew brother to the Ferrari organisation. Everything looked well and psomiaiog for the first signal of revolt, which, being made in St. Petersburg, was to sot aa a beacon-fire over a wide and extensive district of outposts, military, civil, and agrarian, isl which many classée, official and otherwise, were engaged. The train was laid. It was the petriotio duty ol Ferrari aod his confederates to light the match whioh should bring about that great popular rising whioh is the hope and purpose of the great popular movement throughout the Rmpire. On the day which was to bring about such great results, St. Petersburg was unusually gay, and to a stranger it might even have seemed as if, for the time being, both military and police had mala some special relaxation In their disoipllne end duties of surveillance. But everything in Bt. Petersburg is more or len mysterious. No man can aocospt for the under-current, whioh ebbs and flows and rashes hither and thither beneath the surface of ita ordinary life. It is a calm sea, that flows insidiously above jutting rocks, moving sande, and dangerous eddles, The police of Russia are as secret aa the Revolutionists^ Both are aa active ; aud on this momentous ocoaaton, the authorities, in- stead ol having -relaxed their watohful garditnshlp over the Imperial power, were especially lynx-eyed, well informed, and alert, aa was only too ooaspletely manifested ts, the little baud of conspirators under the i leadership of Andrea Ferrari. I It ia a rare occarrenaa in open daylight for the polios to disturb the citizen* by an important arrest These operations are generally reserved for the a titln ea* and repose of the night ; bot os thia busy Bonny day a little troop of police and military wara taking very- divinos routée outside tba leading thoroughfare«, quietly surrounded a honae near the Tavrade Qardeha, whioh had been for four and twenty honra under the eye of an aa tu te deteotive force. The result wai one of muoh greater importance to St. Petersburg and the Czar than his officers understood. It prevented the ignition of that train of fire wbioh bad been laid with so much eklll and patience ; and it added to Russia's political prisoners, amony others in whom the readers of this history are interested, Anna Kloastock, Andrea Ferrari, Philip Forsyth, Ivan Eostan zhoglo, and Paul Petuski. Fortunately BO far as their immediate existence was con- cerned, the plot, as it presented itself to the polioe was of a minor oharactcr ; presenting under their investigation none of those grave and serious features which really belonged to it, and, like many another revolutionary enterprise in Russia, it was nipped in the bud without exoitiog any particular attention. It found, however, during several weeks an interesting political subject in the bunds of an English correspondent attached to a great London journal, and it wos through this medium chat Lady Forsyth and Dick Chet- wynd became acquainted with the unhappy position of the Countess Stravinsky's com- panion. The newspaper correspondent informed the English publio that among the prisoners recently tried and condemned to a period of exile in Siberia, was a young Englishman who, having firet given aa assumed name to his captors, had oonfetsed that be waa Philip Forsyth, an artist, of London, a student at the Royal Academy, the son of an eminent engineer, who had lived and died in Russia, leaving behind a son, Philip and bis mother, Lady Forsyth, a widow, of London. The young fellow said the correspondent, had no doubt given these particulare in the hope of some intervention on the part of hit family. The plot with which he wat associated was not regarded at of any very groat importance by the authorities, except that it oompelled them to make an example of the persons con- cerned, one of whom, an Italian Jew, named Ferrari, having strangled hui sister, had succeeded in committing suicide in prison; another, Ivan Kostanzboglo, was sentenced to lifelong imprisonment; a third, Paul Petroski, to a short period of detention ; and a fourth, a remarkably handsome woman, who having, as in the csse of the English artist, given at the outset a false nsme had confessed under pressure that she was Anna Klosstock, and that the object of ber association with Ferrari and the rest of the confederacy, lay chiefly in the hope that she might be sent to Siberia to join her father. It appeared that during the risings against the Jews some len years previously, the woman's father had been sentenced to exile, which had been considerably modified under otSolal influence, that abe had lived a wandering life, thinking he was dead ; but having been in the servioe of the Countess 8travensky two years previontly in Paris, ahe had discovered that her mistress had already interested herself on behalf of her father and had procured him some concessions in regard to punishment. The story was, the correspondent stated, a curious romance in its way, seeing that the Countess had exercised her Influence in favour of the girl's father before Anna Klosstock herself came into her servioe. Amongst the few papers discovered on the occasion of their arrest, was a letter from the Countess Stravensky which bad been found in the prisoner's possession, bearing ont in various details the story of the woman's life. Tne police had made a epeoial effort ta receive endorsement of this from the Countess herself, bat had been unable to find ber. She bad passed through St. Petersburg only.« few days previously, to the neighbourhood ol the Czaronva, in the province of Vilnvitcb, where her husband, the Count, had formerly resided, and no doubt in dne course the polio« would hear from ber ladyship. Ia the meantime, however, the judge tool a lenient view of Anna Klosstock's oase, and he more or less benevolently sentenced ber tc Siberia ; and it is understood that by tht order of the Czar, who has taken som« personal Interest in these arrests, she will tn permitted to join her exiled father. The news of Philip'« arreat and oooviotioi created a profund sensation in.London. Kol a moment was lost in bringing to bear euol influence as Lady Forsyth and ber friends poa Bossed upon the Foreign Office to put thi English Minister in communication with thi Government in 8t. Petersburg, but the moil praotical and important aotion was discusser! and decided upon in family, council at Dorset square. " Yes, oertainly, Dick,'.' said Mrs. Chet wynd, "you are right;, it ia the onlythinj to be done." " 1 know the country," said Dick, " bat i is a serious undertaking." " All great enterprises are serious," eal his wife. " Every possible influence tbst is to be gol of course, I can procure." said Dick, thrustm, his hands deep into his pockets and pacin the little breakfast- room, where the princtpi morning papers had been flung down, aft« perusal; the leading jpurnal, however, stt tn Mrs. Chetwynd's hands. " It will be a great sacrifice to make fe both of ns, Dick. If yen had not reavelle on far more dangerous mittiont I believe would not let you tbink of it." "It will be a ooatly service, too," sal Dick, " not only as. regards time bat moue] I think I know the Foreign Secretary in ts Petersburg, and my decoration at the faani of the late Emperor should serve me. It is geed thing for Philip that I happen to I commissioned to. the Russian instead of tl Turkish head- quarters." Dick walked about and soliloquised, hal responding to his wife's remarks, partly to b own reflections. " Resides, yon are lucky, Diok. I do ni think in all your career you have ever made serious mistake-not even when yon merril me." " My dear," said Dick, taking her geni face between his bands and kissing h heartily, " the only danger of my life was tl possibility of ever missing the good chan that brought us together ; and I havs nev made a mistake except when I have not aoti upon yonr advice." "Diok, my dear," said Mrs. Cbetwyn firmly, "you must go to Russia, and bri that foolish boy home to hie mother." "I will, said Diok. (To be conftnuedj. 