OJIE NOTES ON IRISH SUBJECTS. A DUBLIN STBEET AND ITS REMINISCENCES. What ghosts rise up before us, what hadows from the past, as we walk along h«t wide street of the City of Dublin which Lin part called College Green and in part ^street! Shadows-however the sun may chance to shine overhead it is a street o ( shadows, for it leads at one end to " the Castle"—the Castle of Dublin, with all its evil associations-while at the other end it is fronted by that magnificent edifice which holds the Bank of Ireland, but whioh was designed for quite another and grander service. Assuredly never elsewhere, nor before, were money-changers so regally housed. The decayed Irish capital is famous for the beauty of its publio buildings, built in better days. Of fine proportions, and in pure and admirable architectural taste, are " the Four Courts," the Custom House, the Exchange, and divers more of the metropolitan structures, but they seem trifles when we look at what'was for a period Ireland's Parliament House. As was observed by a great critic, a stranger who visited our country in 1791— „ jt j8 n 0 hyperbole to say that this edifice in the entire is the grandest and most beautiful, most convenient and extensive of the kind in Europe. James Gandon, to whose designs Dublin is indebted for the beauty of the Four Courts and the Custom House, was also the architect of certain additions to the Parliament House in worthy keeping with the original plan. The eastern front or entrance to the House of Lords was his, and the western front in Foster-place. The principal and most beautiful front facing College Green had been executed years before, and, according to the late Dr. Petrie, it is a singular fact that the name of the great architect who originally plannedbo noble a work is not certainly known. Dr. Petrie also expressed wonder that so grand an example of art as this edifice presents did not exercise a more direct and potent influence on the architectural taste of oar country. But the simple fact is that, at the period when those beautiful public buildings were constructed in the Irish metropolis, a new spirit was springing up in Ireland—a spirit which quickened political life into the movement of 1782; and was impelling fresh life and progress every way. Even the privileged class had become tired of being ever the catspaw of Ministries in London. The arrangements made to crush Irish trade and manufactures touched them as well as their countrymen. They came to see thatphe penal laws which they upheld kept the nation feeble by keeping it angrily divided. They began to tire of having their Parliament the mere sham it was intended to be byjthe arrangement made after 1688—a House of Commons chokefull of the nominees of a few powerful individuals —a Parliament, moreover, for which the Executive in Dublin cared little, not depending on it for money supplies, having other sources of revenue with varied means of corruption— bribery with titles, or in the immense array of pensioned posts, or by cash in hand. It was the movement of 1782 to reform, among other reforms, the Irish Legislature which made Pitt conspire to remove that Legislature, and that accomplished, eighteen years afterwards, took away Irish progress every way, progress in art included. ii. Dame-street was so called from the neighbouring gate ;of the ancient oity, whioh obtained its name from the church dedicated to Our Lady—"Nostre Dame"-—in the Norman-French language of the invaders of 1172\. The Saxon settlers from Bristol, to to whom King Henry the Second granted the city, called the open space outside the'city wall Hoggin Green, which name, centuries later, was changed to College Green after Qaeen Elizabeth had Trinity College founded close by. The river was not walled with quays until the middle of the last century, so at high tide the sea used to roll in "pon the flanking space where are now Eustace and Crow streets, eto., and farther down .to the foot of that stretch of ground now ooonpied by Merrion-square and Mountstreet. -As pay Ife' imagined, Hoggin Gxeen toe , sriene :©f /various historic eventB. Afterwards included within the city bounds, j«4with houses built at each side, it Became, tinder the names of Dame-street *? CoUege Green, the Widest and busiest of •Wivic a (thoroughfares. Towards the close 0 1 the last century, before the Parliament ™ ^en itway, ana in the spell of pro- sperity whioh followed the movement of 1782, Dublin was, by all accounts, one of the gayest of capitals. To be absentees was not then the rule with the territorial magnates. They had their town residences as well as their country mansions or castles. All that was carried off, with more important things, by the Aot of Union. The splendid houses then built in the streets of the Irish metropolis by the titled and wealthy were sold off, and turned to other uses—as hotels, publio or private offices, etc. Lord Moira's great mansion on one of the quays was transformed into a poor house—a mendicity asylum—the local need of whioh was promptly felt after the Union was accomplished. m. The great landlords had an authority on their estates which was pretty absolute, and they maintained great state in their equipages. By all accounts it was a gay scene in those days in College Green, before the Parliament House, and especially at the entrance to the House of Lords—carriage after carriage dashing up, drawn by four prancing horses, sometimes with outriders, sometimes with running footmen, in gorgeous liveries. Among those titled and wealthy personages the Beresfords figured as the leaders of the anti-national party. Their ancestor came to Ireland'in the sixteenth century, and his descendants intermarried with the Norman- Irish family of Le Poer, or Power, then adopting the name of Le Poer-Beresford, and acquiring with it an immense estate in the county of Waterford. In old time the Baron of Curraghmore was chief of one of the three septs of the Poers, and the daughter of the last baron was mother of John Beresford, the leader of the faction in Ireland which supported Pitt's project of the Union. By his support of that Minister he exeroised enormous influence in the misgovernment. Mr. Alfred Webb tells us " it was a bitter mortification to him that his son, John C. Beresford, threw up a good Government appointment and voted against the Union," and adds that some years after that measure was passed he himself, in a letter to a friend, dated November, 1804, deplored many of the results of the change he had helped to bring about. The Ponsonbys, also a titled and influential family, then conspicuously figured on the opposite side, and although descended from one of Cromwell's colonels, their liberality in politics showed itself, if I am not mistaken, very soon after their career in Ireland began. In the period we are looking at George Ponsonby, afterwards Lord Chancellor, was a strenuous supporter of Grattan, and his character and services are eulogised in the account of those times by Henry Grattan, jun., grandfather of Sir Thomas Esmonde. As may be supposed, Lord Edward's father and brother, DukeB of Leinster, did their devoirs in the events of that period. The latter was a General of the Volunteers in 1782; and Moore, in his " Life of Lord Edward," quotes from the memorial which his father, a score of. years before, had addressed to King George the Second against the degradation of the Irish Parliament under the nominee system. Complaining of the arbitrary measures thus enacted, he declared that "few cared to represent their country in Parliament where a junta of two or three men disconcert every measure taken for the good of the subject or the cause of common liberty." We are also told that because of his spirited remonstrance to the King over the misappropriation of Irish resources, he was so popular in Ireland that a medal was struck in his honour. IV. About the year 1790, it is related that one day, on the footpath in College Green, two young men walking rapidly in opposite directions knocked against eaoh other, and, though it was quite accidental, both being impetuous in temper as well as movement angry words ensued. One of them, who happened to be a Frenchman, had a stick in his hand, and perhaps the vivacity of his gesticulation threatened its forcible use, for his opponent oanght at and pulled it from him, and then, instead of casting it away> walked off with it. The stranger, hearing from some of the bystanders that bis antagonist was & son of Lord Mornington, thought it a good Jidea to charge him with highway robbery; and much to the amusement of the JDublin publio he was brought into court on that charge. So the story goes.andwho would, supipoae that the cool ahdcalculating veteranwhom men knew as thelron Poke, the Fabius of the Peninsula and Waterloo, began his hostilities with the French in a ludicrous street squabble 1 Speaking of Wellington, in a contribution to the Advocate of 25th January, I quoted the following words from his speech in the House of Lords, delivered to induce that body to acoept the inevitable about Catholic Emancipation :—" It is mainly to the Irish Catholics that we all owe our proud preeminence in our military career, and that I personally am indebted for the laurels with which you have been pleased to decorate my brow, for the honours whioh you have so bountifully lavished on me, and for the fair fame (I prize it above all other rewards) which my country, in its generous kindnesB, has bestowed upon me." I find that a correspondent considers that Wellington could not have made any such acknowledgment, assigning the curious reason that John Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury, had the yaar before, in a book on Catholic Emancipation, used similar words as to what England owed to Irish soldiers. I saw Lord Shrewsbury's remarks referred to before, and there can be no doubt that, on platform or in print, many others spoke or wrote to the same purpose. Ireland was England's great recruiting ground between the commencement of the century and the period of monster famine and emigration, and when Irish soldiers were winning glory for England in the Peninsula and at Waterloo, it would be truly wonderful if then, and during the prolonged Emancipation struggle, the notorious fact of that paramount military service was not often commented on by Irishmen and by Englishmen seeking Catholic Emancipation ; and the fact that the thing was well understood made it the more imperative on Wellington to endorse, not ignore it, when he had a policy of conciliation on hand. Wellington had sternly opposed Catholio Emancipation, and it is said that his suddein change of front came about on hearing that at O'Connell's eleotion, when he passed near the line of the troops, the sergeants stepped forward and gave him the military salute. Such a demonstration from those steady, experienced veterans, the backbone of the army, scared the Iron Duke. He had great difficulty, however, in overcoming the reluctance of the House of Lords, and though he carried tne majority with him, the minority were furious, and were so lively in their aspersions, that he sent a challenge to Lord Winchelsea as the most insulting.. On the 13th April, 1829, a few days after his speech in the Lords, the Royal assent was given to the Emancipation Aot. Very likely, after his acknowledgment of the indebtedness of England to the Irish soldiery had served its purpose, Wellington and the oligarchical Parliament behind him would be glad to obscure those words, but it oould not be done, and because, coming from the military chief, they were contemporaneously quoted over and over again without any attempt at denial. Having at present some twelve hundred miles of sea between me and Melbourne, I did not see the query on this subject in time for my last contribution. Inisfail. 