The Power of a Type. Pick up a type and look at it. How in significant it is ! Simply a bit of cold, fragile metal, so small that it almost eludes the grasp. To the touch it is dull and irresponsive, and its delicate brightness vanishes for ever with a breath. . Yet there is a magical something em bodied in it that clothes it with dignity and power. Its discovery marked an epoch in the world's vast history. Upon that day light . dawm d, intelligence began to be spread, super stitions fled and a new order of things appeared. That small, insignificant type, that one might cast aside as far beneath notice, had wrought a revolution ! From that little, unromantic Ger man city which gave to it birth and mean shelter, it has circled out until its influence has reached every habitable, place upon the globe — touching every home, every mart of trade, and every professional calling. The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh is a very abort, stout, bald-headed East Indian, who, in_ con sideration of the waiver of his rights to rule the Punjaub Province of India, is paid the hand some yearly allowance by the British Govern ment of £30,000. A Russian legend relates that when St. Joseph returned from his flight into Egypt he found his. shoes in great want of repair, and being aware of tbe excellence of leather work in Russia, sent ' them to Kieff to be mended, where they" remained. It is now reported from Kieff that, the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to re-sole the shoes and then 44 expose them to theveneratioh of -the faithful," Router's agent- at Berlin reports : "The ghost : scare which lately arose in a number of Bchools in this city, and has since spread -to the suburbs, - has assum timriharter'of a nervous disease, Iu one school , a panic has ' been created by a young girl who - Was frightened by a window cur tam flapping in the wind, and there havC been similar : occurrences in several schools attended' by children of the upper das 1. Onje of the' features of military drill inthe Russian "army is the training of soldiers to swim in battalions, at the same time using their weapons. At the recent annual military manoeuvres, in the presence of the Czar, a fine exhibition of proficiency was given in this direction. A large force of infantry swam across a lake in full marching orderywith the help of fascineB made of reeds or rushes, or in flated sheepskins. At the same time they kept up a lively fire on the boat of a supposed enemy who were disputing their passage. 