the pad groom'S story. j " It always beats me, Mr. Bloss," ob-, served Skinner, the saddler ia the High street, ono evening, addressing a smart,: dapper looking .personage, who could not nonesuy oe mistaken tor any tiling out what ho was — a swell stud groom. "It always beats mo how tho dickins it is that' yourlady has never married. ."With such' a face and suoh.d figure, not to mention her seat on 'ossbaok and her hands, it cer-j tainly is a marvel that nobody's ; wanted to pop her with double harness'long before1 this. Tho way she had the field the other day in that good thing my lord's 'ounds 'adfrom'Stoppingion woods did my met good to see, that it did. I think , I see' her now a comin' at the Soushan brook, 50 miles an hour, and yet with her, 'oss woll in hand all the timo. It was a< rare treat, that's what it was, und nothing bet it." " It ain't been for want of askin" Mr . Skinner, you may depend," replied thi other. ' "Bless ye,' she's'1 'ad hoffors by the soore before now,' and not one of 'em' with a ghost of "a ' chance if they honly. knew Np, no! Singlo she is, and single' ishes likely to .'remain, you may be sure : . Thero.wn8. never but oho in <the. running ' and ho's been.' underground, "poor- feller ; this ID years.t ,It was, a sad istory, ,very sad, " said Mr; Bloss, shaking Mb head in a melancholy manhor the'whilb h'otooka solemn gidp nthis gin hn'd|watert' ' " Ah ! I thpiight probably there-was, a reason, " replied tho sadlor, " most of us : 'ave a skehnton in' the oupboard I okpoot, , if we only knew.", , . V, , j "P'raps," added ho, looking islyiy! round at the oompony,- "your wouldn't; mind relatin' the circumstance to us, Mr. Bloss, if not of too private a nature." .".Hear, hear," pronounced .the.com- pany, and, very properly put, Mr. Skinner, ' sir," from Droner, the vet. "I'm quite agredablo,' I'm sure, gert- tlemen,'' said the hwell grodih pdlitely, and suiting Ms action, to the word, ho at once plunged into the folio wing, story : — "A WOMAN'S REVENGE." ! It is just 13 years, a'gogerttlemeh, como next July that I took Ispi! vice, with Miss Covcrley or rather I should say, with Squire Coyerley,-; her father ; my duties being to superintend her horses . .-only) and -attend -her in- her' rides rind . pilpt her when ! sho:,'wpiit 'hmtiiffe)' liia ' '.the. Squire, ' owing to .hsi.inpreasihg years iliavingv given i .up ridrag.Vto hounds, .though ho had the reputation ' of 'having been as hard as any Of ''cm in 'hiri'day Pilot her,didlsay rlsllQuld like! to, 'see tho man who could follow her, (let alone pilot her, or como near it if it comcB'to that! he'd he a something out pfhd'eommon-'way, 1 fancy! , I knew it 'xiraB as much' as r,ppuld|(laj, light, weight , as I was (I'm hot any heavier now,' if it' comes to that, Mr. Bloss remarked paren thetically as he cast an endearing glance at his tight trousered logs which wero decidedly of the '.'.broomstiok" order), to live with'hob, and as for piloting her, well I should have been precious1 sorry to try, that's rill. I fancy I can ride a bit too. I did ought to anyhow ; for I boganlife as, a, lad- in: the racing stables at How- market and after that rode second 'oss to Sir Gilbert Horthcote in Leicestershire for five years before I got to be his stud- groom, only leaving him at his doath, when I went to Squire Covorly as I'havo jusktold you. Fairfield Hall, whore the Squire and his daughter lived all by themselves, was situated in ; the heart of one of the best hunting counties in England. Nearly all grasB it was, and the fences as big as the fields, which was saying a good deal, I can tell you. Three packs of hounds were within reach, so that wo had no difficulty in hunting six days a week. Hot that there would have been much difficulty in any case, for sooner than not hunt Misb Covorly would have got up in the middle of the night I verily believe. Distance was' no' objeot with her, I can tell you, nor weather either. Nothing hut the hardest of frosts stopped us, I do assure you. "Well, I really don't think I over was so happy in my life before. I might almost say I lived tho life of a gentleman. Fond of hunting, fonder still of riding ovor a country, mounted on horses with quality enough about 'em for a king to ride, tho best of good living, and lastly a mistress who anyono, I' don't caro who, would have been proud to sorvo ; what more could a man want ? As I have said, I shall havo lived in her service now (and I believe I have given every satisfaction) going on for 13 years, and I wish for nothing better than to ond my days in it. I'm not the only one as says that, either. I don't believe there's a dependent be longing to her, of any sort, who wouldn't die for her willingly to-morrow, that I don't. And tho poor people all round about her own neighbourhood just the same. Though she has lot the hall evor since tho sad event I'm going to tell you about happened, Bhe never forgets the old people. They have the coals and tho blankets and tho beef every Christmas just tho same ns if she was there. If there's any particular enso of distress in tho village, tho parson has only got to write, and it is relieved at once. " Do your ' furriners ' go onliko that ?" ' demanded Mr. Bloss, with a snort of de fiance. "Not they! and if anybody was to tell moos they dill, I shouldn't believe them, so it's all tho samo." "Well, gentlemen, yon all of you know her by sight, so I needn't enlarge about hor looks. Anyhow, I fancy you will all agree that so far as beauty goes, sho is very hard to heat. I only wish you could have seen her 13 years ago, and I think you would have said, a moro lovely young lady you never clapped eyes on. The beauty is thoro still — where I should like to ask would you match those violet eyes of hers, and that chestnut hair ? hut tho happy expression sho used to wear so perpetual is gone — that's whore it is — gone, nover to return, I very much fear. I don't think I over saw in Leicestershire or anywhere else, so many hard riding ladies nsthero wore in our part of tho world, but not one of 'em, bloss yo, could como nigh us, much less, " out us down and 'angus up to dry," ns the saying is. I rather think, indeed, that it was an un derstood thing among tho ludics of the hunt that they recognised our superiority. And she was so sweet with it all, that it was impossible for ono to bo jealous. I think they wero all too fond of lior for that. There was one exception though, and that was Miss Lylo, of Crow- herry Park — a woman of thirty I should say, and a great heiress. I for get how much she came into at hor father's death, but it was a rare sum of money. She wasn't bad looking was Miss Lyle, in fact some people would call her handsome, hut she . always carried a cross, discontented look on her face, and I've seen thoso black eyebrows of hers contract when anything wont wrong out hunting, such as being crossed at a fonco or hor horse perhaps not balancing him self as ho ought, in a manner that boded ill for somebody. Sho was a splendid horsewoman, and as jealous of us, bless you, as possible. I've soon hor grind her teeth and turn white with passion when, as was frequently tho oaso, wo got tho brush given to us. I shall never, if I live to be as old as Mothusalom, forgot a scene at the ond of a run with the Duko of Downshiro's hounds one day soon after I went into those parts. "We had had a very fast thing from Bloss- ington Gorsc — five and forty minutes as hard as over wo could go, wind ing up with a kill in tho open. Wo had gone as usual owducious, and close to our skirts all tho way was Miss Lylo, rid ing as jealous ns blazes. Sho did all sho know to get on terms with us, but sho nevor quito managed it, though she was on her best horse, I beliovo. Wo had to, follow her throughout. You see, whore her fault lay was tho .want of knowledgo of paoo, and laok of judgmont in taking her fences, and those were the vory two points where wo oxcolledso. I often used to say to myself as I watched her in a run, sailing away, apparently in an easy canter, but -in reality going at a thundering paoo that few could keep up with. " What a splendid steeplechase rider you'd have maao, miss, if you'd been bora a man !."; , ; . ; to be continued xo-mokhow. 