OUR BRISBANE LETTER. (from our own correspondent.) Wo havo fairly sottlod down to work again after tho Christmas holidays. The wet weathor we have had has had a most deprossing offeet' upon business; novcrtlio- less, thero havo been nniplo indications of a rovival in trndo, aud tho roports from tlio country districts hnvo boon most encourag ing. Money is scarce, of course, but in a couplo of mouths' timo wo all hopo to seo business brisk. Wo are just on the ovo of tho civic elec tions, and there is every prospeot of a lively contest in all tho wardB of tho oity, with tho oxccption of Fortitude Vnlloy, whoro no ono BQums inclined to enter tho liBtB against Mr. M'Moster, M.L.A. Tho Mayor (Mr. Galloway), of Euroka notorioty, is ono of tho rotiring aldornion who seolcs ro-olcclion. Ho has dispensod lavish hospitality, and is genorally rogarded as a good follow ; but as- Chief Magistrate of tho oity lie lias boon a conspicuous fniluro, and has not maintained tho dignity of his office; indeed, ho has simply been tho mouthpiooo of the officers of tho Council, and whorovor lie hii3 trusted .himself out of thoir leading strings he has blundorod. Tlio sanitary contract, and his dofenoo of Mr. Sub-inspector Sumner, nro matters that aro not likoly to bo forgotten in a hurry ; and I quite expect that instead of re turning to tlio Council lie will havo ample timo to look after the fiuo now hotel ho has erected at Broakfnst Crook. Brisbane, which is rapidly becoming a first-class city, required some othor qualifications in its Mayor than mo'rely that of hospitality, and I think these will bo found in Alderinnu Clark, who is likely to sucoood Mayor Galloway. Tho "Tiavollers' Clause " in tho Licens ing Act is a ' source of sore troublo to the residents of localities which aro just hoyond tho presoribod radius. Nundqh, for instance, is invaded on Sundays by hordes of gontool larrikins, who prooure their "refreshments," and disgust tho inhabitants by thoir conduct. Sand- gate is not quito'solbad, yot it is astonishiu ! to noto how many tipsy passongors thoro arc by the up trains on Sunday evenings. Thoro secniB to bo a mania for hoard management just now, and tho lntoBt oil dil is to tho effect that the principlo is to bo nppliod to the MinoB Dopartmont. A groat deal may be said in favor of placing the mining industry undor skilled and impartial control, hut it must not bo forgotten that tlio multiplication of thoso boards moans a hoavy additional cost to the rutopaycrs. Mr. llmne Black's little attempt to cut up and sell some of tho city l-esorvos has re sulted in tho formation of "Tho Publio JSSSGi-ves, rants, ana vvasto uiuuu jlhsuuiu.- tion," which is receiving strong support, and will bo ablo to watch any future onoroaoh- meuts on tho ratepayers' property pretty closely. Miss Finnoy, who was bitten by it snake at Stradbroko Island, lioar Southport, in tho early part of tho week, lias almost recovered, though sho sustainod a fright whioh tried lior nerves somewhat severely. Your cstoomod townsman, tho Rev. Dr. Hay, has, I soo," been keex>ing aristoerntio company down South. Amongst his fellow- passengers from Molbourno to Lauuocston, in tbo steamer Pntocnn last wcok, was Bhannighji, the Indian Princo, who is making a tour through tho Australian colonios. Governor Norman and suite are still at Southport, whioh is moro crowdod than usual this season. His Exoullemy has promised to Bpond next summer at Voowooniba, aud thero is some talk of his. /nuking a trip to tho Central District in the 'winter monthB. . Tho labor movomont is being pushod steadily ahoad in Brisbano, and tho riiop assistants are organising monster meetings in the oity and suburbs to support tlio appli cation which wijl bo mudo to Parliament next session to pass a Shops and Factories Act. Tlio arrest at Gympio of Mr. William Batk, on a chargo of ombozzling monies from tlio Metropolitan Froohold Land ana Building Company, to whioh ho was secretary, caused somo consternation in business circles. Tho defalcations are variously estimated by somo at hundreds and othors at thousands of poundB. Mrs. William 1'attiBon and family have gono to Tasmania, whoro Mr. Pattison (who is a native of I lohart) is to join thorn shortly. The Hon. Ifenry Jordan is also spending the summer in tho Tasmanian capital. You heard nil about tho lead-stealing caso by wire. The afl'uii- was not without its ninusiug uluiiiont. For instanco tho thievOB waited upon Mr. M. B. Gannon, M.L.A,, (ouo of tho smartest business men iu the city) an i persuaded him that tho roof of his auction mart needed somo repairs. Ho cngagod thoui to do tho work, provided theiu with load, and paid them. After tho arrests had been made, ho found that both tho old and now load had disappeared, and that corrugated iron had boon put in its place. Bland Holt has boon drawing exceptionally largo audioneos at lior Majesty's Opera llouso. whoro ho has produced 'l'ho Union Jack, 'l'ho Golden Ladder, New Babylon, and Muster and Man. 'L'ho company is a good all- round ouo, and the dramas havo been ox- cellontly staged. At tho Gaioty, D'Arcy Stanfiold company havo been running Babes in the Wood, whioh has run them into financial difficulty. Howevor, whon tho llolt company loavos next wook, thoy will havo the field to themselves, aud will, it is to ho hoped, retrieve thoir loss, which has boou pretty considerable. Mi-; A i-f-.hu i- Fni-lies is. i believe, to ioiil the firm of .T. T. O'Brion and Co. in London, whore ho will havo us a colleague Mr. John Woodyat, formerly proprietor of thu Mary borough Chronicle, who was also woll-known in sporting circles in Quoouslaud. Mr. W. C. Liltlo, M.L.A , is duly installed in his pub, and 1ms not quito uiado up liis mind Avhotlior ho will resign his scat iu tho Assembly and devote all bis energies to | boor selling, or combino tlie two avocations in! tlio hopo that, liko Sydney Boborts (of liar lunch renown), he may somo day rouoivo a C.M.G.-ship. The Dunedin exhibition .niul tlio cheap stonmor faros thereto liavo induuod a muubor of our citizens to visit tho city of " The old identities." 'I'lio Governor, I understand, has decided not to go to Now /e-.lind. Of courso ho won't ! Sir Henry Norman's ideas would, bavdly fit ii with those of Lords Carrington, Kiutoro, and Onslow, who come to tho colonies to spend money and not to save it. Some young followB have been playing vory stupid pranks in one of the suburbs re cently by " running " a ghost, which has terrified women nnd children, and boon at tended in ouo or two instances with sorious results. There is somo talk of a chango all round amongst tho detectives doing duty in the country districts, and it is not unlikoly that this branoh of tho polico forco will be re modelled, and its members given n bettor status than at prcsont. Tho rain has boon incessant durmg the wook, but it discontinued this morning and wo nro in hopes that for a while wo have seen tho last of it. Brisbane, January, 19, 1890. 