' My father's name was William Smith,' he said, eagerly. ' Where did you know him; it may be the same. I have heard that I am wonderfully like him.' 'You moight be my dead masther riz up out of his grave now, an' you'd been a matter o' nine or ten years older; but my masther married a Miss Marsden, a daughter o' Marsden's bank here in Lima, and he was murthered in his own house by a cold-blooded villain of a Spaniard, who was an oo!d sweetheart of the mistress! It's nigh on four or five and twenty year ago that that happened, I'm thinkin'.' 'Then it is the same. Where are you living ? What are you doing ? I must see more of you.' 'Och, then, by the holy poker and its little enough there is of me to see. I only got to Callao from 'Frisco this blessed mornin' and that clumsy nigger there is pretendin' to carry me traps to a dacent place that I know of, where I mane to stay, and I'll be afther looking about for something to do before long.' 'Then you had better come to me before you look elsewhere for anything. I daresay you know the house; it is Mr. Marsden's,' and he gave him the address. ' Ledad, it's meself that ought to know it well, though 'tisn't much else I know here about, barrin' the churches and the cathadral, and the river and the moun tains, ivrything else is changed intirely.' ' Then you will come to me to-morrow morning ?' asked Walter. ' Divil a doubt of it, yer hondur, and thank ye for the same. Arrah, it's alucky turnin' it was that this lumberin' nigger took when he came down this sthrate: and begorra, 'twas a rale accident, for it was meself that wanted to go the other way, but sorra a word of English can the poor ignorant hathen understand.' The young men laughed, and Dick said: ,And you don't speak much Spanish yourself, I suppose ?' 'Sure, I wouldn't demane myself wid spakin' their dirty lingo. May the blessed Vargin forgive me lor that I can't help understandin' it a bit sometimes.' ' Well, come to me to-morrow,' laughed Walter, turning away. Then as a sudden thought struck him he paused and asked : 'But what is your name?' 'Sure, an' its Tim, ycr honour-Tim O'Grady. Ye've heard tell o' the O'Gradys, belike, before the day. Me ancesthors were princes in ould Oireland in the good ould limes, an' I'd landed estates left me meself by me father, more be token that another man had possession of 'em at the time, and devil a bit will he listen to rason and hand 'em over to me, the spalpeen. He says that his grand father bought them, and the law, bad cess to it, is on his side, but justice is on mine, and that all the world knows, but there he is livin' like a rale gentleman, and here am I glad to wait on yer honor and to drink yer honour's good health,' with a twinkle of the eye. * Do,' returned Walter, handing him a piece of silver. Then he went on with Dick, leaving the descendant of the O'Gradys to make his way to the low hostelry now mostly frequented by muleteers, but where his guide had assured him he could still get such humble accomodation as he desired, "For ohance doth serve us oft, when our deep plots do pall, And this should teach us there's a Divinity that shapes our ends, Rough how them as wo will mused Walter half aloud, as after parting with the Irishman he sauntered along by his cousin's side. 'What are you muttering to yourself ?' queried Dick; ' no incantation on behalf of the O'Gradys, I hope ?' 'No; I was thinking how wonderfully aiccident, as we call it, fashions our lives, I have constantly been wishing of late to meet someone who knew my father inti mately, and now, by the merest chance, I run against his old servant who has only this very day landed in South America'; but I forgot, there is one of the .motivews that brought me to this city that I have not told you; your father knows it, sog does our grandfather. I suppose .they have not mentioned it to you ?'.: . .' , S' No; they never tell me anythihg,' with, a laugh. 'I believe they both look:upon! me as a child, and a very troublesome one .. sometimes, and by no means capable of taltkig care of myself or managirg any ; business;'the only thing they have allowed me to do has been to travel through tie ' Stat8s, and then they sent Quinto with me 'as a kind of body.guard.' 'Quinto, that is your Indian servant ?', • Y.i'.Ye'es; a fine fellow he is too, rather .visionary perhaps; he imagines himself to be of royal race, a descendant of the old :':Incas, the last of whom Pizzaro robbed anid murdered. He and your new ac qiuaintan`ce, Tim O'Grady, ought to. sym pathise with each other. Quinto is a splendid fellow though for all his eccen tricities; don't you notice that we never give him anything menial to do, and treat him rather as one of ourselves than as a servant ?' 'Yes, it has struck me. You have a reason for it, I suppose ?' 'Yes; his father was an Englishman, and a trusted servant of my father's; he was employed in some capacity at the mines. IHe married a native Peruvian woman who claimed, as I told you, to be decendei from the Incas. From what I have heard I should imagine that her friends were very angry withl her, and I know Martin's acquainitances all thought he was mad. However, they neither 'of them lived long; Quinto was their only child, and my father promised on the death of his parents to take care of the lad. He has been fairly well educated, and he might have had some lucrative situationlin our firm, but hlie has always preferred to attach himself to me; he maLkes himself useful in many ways; but he is ambitious for all that. He will tell you stories about the wealth and glory of his ancestors by the hour together, and he believes in the revival of the ancient power and grandeur of his race; tandeed, between ourselves, I should not be surprised to hear that he is an active spirit in some of the conspiracies that give this precious Republic a fright ,every now and then, just as ithe earthquake *yesterday reminded us that sudden death is ever at our doors, hIowever persistently we may ignore the unpleasant fact.' 'Quinto won't involve you in his plots, I hope,' remarked VWalter uneasily. 'Not he; what could I gain by the des truction of all the Spanish Creoles and the restoration of the ancient Peruvians, the demolition of the churches and the re establishment of the worship of the sun. Besides, it is all a visionary idea never possible of accomplishment, and so I have told Quinto over and over again. WVe cannot deny that the rule of the Incas was beneficial to the people they governed, and that crime and poverty were unknown in their days, bnt that arcadian condition can never exist here again I am convinced, and the greatness and power of the sun worshippers is gone for ever.' ' Well, I don't know enough about the old Peruvians or the visions and aspira tions of their descendants to offer an opinion as to their ultimate failure or success,' returned Walter,' but we are wandering away from the subject we started with. I was going to tell you one bf my motives for coming to Lima. A motive besides the pleasure of seeing your relatives and making your fortune ?' 'Yes.' Then Walter repeated the substance of what he had learnt from his mother and uncle concerning his father's fate. SAh ! Isee,' remarked Dick Marsden, leaning back in his seat and slowly puff ing at hIis cigar, for they had reached the principal square, where seats are provided, and tile shade of trees and the splash of water from the fountains seemed to lull the senses and impart a delicious sensa tion of languor and coolness whichi is one form at least of lazy enjoyment. 'You think I am not likely to succeed ?' asked Walter, vexed to find his usually loquacious cousin so silent if not unsym pathetic, ' I was thinking it over,' was the reply. ' I don't quite know what to say. That Tim O'Grady may be of some use, but it won't amount to much, I fear. I think I will take Quinto into our confidence if you don't object; he is as true as the sun, and he has means of gaining information which no amount of money could obtain. There can be no harm in tallking to him, and at any rate he would warn you of danger.' 'Oh, I don't care for the threats of a bandit, or, as your father euphemistically calls him, a 'revolutionary leader,' laughed Walter contemptuously. 'Don't you; then I should was the grave reply. ' I don't suppose you are ambitious to share your father's fate.' Walter glanced at his companion inquiringly. It takes some time for one who has grown to manhood in England to realize or get accustomed to the idea that his life can be in danger from a secret and powerful foe when he is living in the midst of a tranquil and prosperous city. To Waiter's matter-of-fact mind the threats of Castellaro seemed like the 'bogie stories' that his nurse used to frighten him to sleep with in his childhood, and he was disposed to scout tlem with the impatient incredulity due to such childish absurdities. To find another man, however, as young as himself and no less courageous who had had experiences in life which he could not boast of to find such a one considering the outlaw's threat patiently, and apprehending there might be some danger in it, was apt to make the sceptic pause and wonder if he had learned the alphabet of life rightly, or whether there was some mistake in the arrangement of the letters. 'You call him a bandit and a robber ?' pursued Dick, 'and the names may have suited him well enough before you or I were born, but that is all a thing of the past, and you are no more liklely to meet an armed band of robbers within twenty miles of Lima than you are within the same distance of London. At the same time there are men who do not find it safe or convenieut to live in the city, and who exercise great power, and their influence is all the greater because it is secret. Their spies and creatures are everywhere. The servants in our household may all be in their pay, conversations are listened to and chance words and expressions are treasured up and carried to the man whose business or pleasure it is to know all that is going on in any particular family, and thus, though we have abolished the irquisition, there is a political terror ism abroad which, though not so apparent, is quite as real.' 'Upon my word,' said Walter, im patiently, '.you and.your father seem, both of you, intent upn hfrightening me, Have ypou.ever seen this Castellaro ?' ·' Yds.' ' :\lWat is he like?' ' I can describe him as like no one but himself.' 'He is tall'and powerfully built; Siisb'h sen ",aremaarkably handsome ; he is a,:.pure Spaniard,. with more than even Siabish .pride .anid arroganice, and his hatred to everything English is.inveterate.' ' Whlere does he live ?' ,'?ii':aii canhot iell you.. He comes to thleslty sosmenimes, but liheis scarcely safe herde since the:failure of.his last conspiracy to upset the goverment., I daresay I can fliiddiut howev'er But look there. Do you see that veiled ~oman? It is Inez by all that's blue. She is alone too, and up to some. mischief, I'll sweatr. Keep quiet; she is looking for someone. Ah, she has found him, and by Jove, it's Castellaro himselfl I Do you see? They are going into the cathedral together. Shall we follow them ?' Walter's breath came quick.and fast as looking in the direction indicated by his cousin he saw a lady dressed in black silk, with the manto drawn so tightly over her face as to leave but one eye visible, walking alone in the direction of the church, and a tall, military-looking Spaniard, with iron-grey hair and mous tache, and a proud, commanding bearing, go up to the lady, accost her, and walk by her side into the sacred edifice. - 'Are you sure you are not mistaken ?' he asked,, eagerly. 'The: lady is so muffled up you cannot see her face, and the man- ' ' I am more sure of the woman than of the man, though I don't believe I can be mistaken in him. But come, we will follow them; if she has not recognised us already, we can easily find them and ascertain what is going on without beiug observed.' But in this he was mistaken. When the two Englishmen entered the cathedral they looked about in vain for the man and womnan whom they had seen pass under the doorway. Very anxiously Dick looked round, for knowing the building well, be thought that if they were really there he must see them but he was disap pointed. Nothing was more certain than that the young men had seen the tall Spaniard and the closely veiled lady enter the cathedral a moment before; and now they were nowhere to be seen within the building, and for all Dick Marsden could say to the contrary, the. floor might have opened and swallowed them up. The two men looked anxiously everywlhere, but could discover no trace of whom they sought. SIt's of no use; I am beaten,' said Dick, in a tone of texation, when con vinced that the search was useless?; ' but it was Inez, I am certain. To prove it we will go home and ask for her.' 'But why? It is not the girl, but the man Castellaro that I want to meet,' returned Walter, with some irritation. *Don't talk so loud; it is not a safe name to mention, even in the city, though I almost wonder he ventures here at present. Come, if we trace Inez we shall trace him.' And at a rapid pace he set off home. ward, followed reluctantly by VWalter. On inquiring for Donna Inez, the young lady's half Indian attendant, who herself seemed sleepy and sadly in want of rest, informed Dick Marsden that her mistress was not well and was asleep. ' Wake her,' was the order; 'I want to see her.' The girl hesitated, trembled, she retired to the chamber of her mistress, but did not come out again, and Dick, becoming very impatient, tapped imperiously at the door. No answer was given to his summons, and he turned away angrily, and was going to seek the aid of his sister Mary when he saw the fair Inez pass rapidly under the window in the direction of the door leading from the courtyard round which the house was built direct into her own apartments, followed by her maid, who had evidently been to fetch her. 'So,' muttered Dick, when he saw the couple, ' she has baffled us this time; but I will be a match for her yet. Quinto will be useful in this matter. I must set him to watch my lady.' 'But are you not mistaken ? Is it fair to set a spy upon her actions ?' expostu lated Walter, who felt some natural reluctance to war with a woman. 'Quite fair. Independent of your business, you may be sure there is mischief brewing when Inez de Castellaro goes out to meet her notorious uncle, and there. are affairs of importance in the wind, or he would never venture in .broad day-. light into the city. I remember now that I heard it whispered a fews days ago that the President of this Republic intended to conciliate him by offering him a place in the Ministry, but it seemed too, improbable:to be true.' 'Surely it is impossible !' exclaimed Walter. 'Few things are impossible here,' with: a shrug of the shoulders, 'and Castellaro may think to win by intrigue what he can not obtain by force.' By this time Inez had walked into the entrance-hall and was approaching them. There was a dangerous gleam in her eye, and a more lofty dignity in her step than usual, and Dick shrewdly suspected from these signs that trouble was brewing, and that his step-mother's daughter waS looking forward to a period of triumph. CHAPTER XX. IT is early morning, and a party of men mounted on mules are riding out of Lima; through the suburb of San Lazarotowards some low brown hills which seem .like the first small steps in a vast succession of elevations which stretch away towards the snow-capped summits of the :western cordillera. The party we are about to follow number seven in all--viz., Mr; Marsden, attended by two men servants, his son Dick, with the half-caste Quinto hovering near him, and our hero, who has Tim O'Grady for his henchman.' Certainly theIrishman is the most noisy 'of the party. Ie talks at the rate of nineteenzto the dozen, and aims his jokes at his fellow servants with a persistency that more than once makes Quinto draw himself up "with angry impatience as though aboqt to retort. On each occasion he thinks better of it, however, and with the exception of Tim O'Grady's chatter, the party is silent and thoughtful enough. Mr. Marsden's mind has gone back: to the past, and he thinks of that time, nearly four-and-twenty years ago, when, instead of going to the hotise 'of feasting as he had been bidden, he fouinil his sister's home a house of mourning, while her husband, who bad always bgen his friend,.lay in the pride of his 'inanhood dead, slain by the assassii's' k'iife: ' These memories were sad and absorb ing enough to make him silent and disin clined for conversation, and Walter's thoughts were too much like those of his uncle to allow of his talking much,.whie Dick's were entirely occupied about the strange proceedings of Inez de Castellaro, and wondering what the conspiracy was that she and her uncle were engaged in, for that there was some mischief brewing he bad no doubt. 'Well, we shall all be off to Chorrillos soon for the summer,' he thought at length, with something like a sigh of relief; 'the sea breezes and the occupation.of flirting will surely be sufficient to diveit the girl's thoughts from any political in trigues. I hope to goodness.:she.:will net get herself into difficulties and involve my father in them for having received'her into his house.' * By this time they .had'come.: within sight of their destination; a gaudily painted villa two.stories high, with. a verandah running round three sides of it. The houise stood in its own. grounds, amidst a perfect forest of roses and camielias' aid 'a vast profusion of all kinds .of swe'ebt-smll ing flowers and luscious fiuits, and when properly cared for the gardens of the Villa Rosa must have been almost unrivalled in their beauty. ' Is that the very same house in which my parents lived?' asked Walter, with evident disappointment as he noted; the garish colours of the habitation. 'Oh, dear no; few houses last a quarter of a century when they are builtof bamboo canes plastered with mud,' replied Mr. Marsden. 'The Villa Rosa has been twice rebuilt since your mother and you went to England. It was patched up and repainted only last year when my wife took it into hIer head to come out and live here for a time with her daughters.': 'Then the house and grounds belong to you, sir ?' queried Walter. ' No, I was talking to my father about it yesterday, and I find it belongs to you. We have the title deeds at home, and I will hand them over to you at any time. Your father purchased the freehold of this place, and it is now yours.' 'Mine i' mused the young man, as he walked into the neglected garden ' tbe sensation of teeling that I actually possess a landed estate of my own is strange indeed. I never knew I owned one foot of land till now.' These thoughts were uttered half to himself and hallf aloud, for like a man .in a dream he walked about with Dick Marsden by his side, the latter talking volubly of the great enjoyment to be obtained by having picnics in this neigh bourhood. It was, indeed, a lovely spot. Wild flowers of every hue covered the low lying hills in the distance, and made them at this season of the year look more beautiful than any tongue can tell. Those who wish to realise for themselves the wonderfulluxuriance of tropical vegetation, its marvellous wealth of coloar, and the infinite variety of its beauty, must go and see it with their own eyes, for neither pen nor pencil can help them. The sun shone clearly and brilliantly, and the fair city of Lima, some six iniles to the south-west, glittered brightly in the morning light, while far away to the west lay a hazy, bluish expanse which Walter knevw to be the ocean. Only an old man and woman lived at the Villa Rosato take care of it, so the servants brought food with them from the city lest they should find the house ill-provisioned, and they soon set to work to prepare breakfast for their masters, while the latter, accom panied by Tim O'Giady, walked over aqd inspected the premises. *Och, then, what have the spalpeens done wid the summer-house that stood here--that the masther built for his lady, and what's gone wid the flower-beds and the fountain and the statues that was over there. It's well for the masther, rist his soul, that he can't see the changes that's made in his own place now that he's dead and gone.' No one paying any heed to this, Tim touched our hero on the arm and in quite a dilfferent tone volunteered to show him the rooms that his parents had principally used,.and.their favourite spots in the gar den and grounds. 'For the house is just built on the same lines as the old one, sir; and sure that's the very room where the robbers burst in and' murthered his honor. Won't you come and look at it, sir ?' Walter complied, though he felt very sad and heart-sick. I-le was learning more of the details of his father's death, but he had obtained no clue to his previous history, and Tim O'Grady, whom he.h?diepgaged as a servant and from whom he bad hoped to gain some infor mation, could tell him nothing of his father's life before he came to Lima, since it was in that city that Mr. William Smith had first met and'engaged the man. The room which stood on the same spot and was identical as far as position and size could make it with that in which his father vwas murdered, had a strange fascination for Walter. Unlike the rest of the house, which was fitted up in a gaudy French style, the furniture of this room was heavy, sombre, and old-fash ioned. Less than anything else in the house had it suffered from the lapse of time; twenty years ago it might have been as shabby as it was now; but it was solid, and. showved that for a very long time it had not been usnsed. 'The-girls call this the ghost room,' Dick Marsden volunteered, as they en tered the gloomy apartment; 'they would neither of them come into it after dark for anything you cduld offer, and nobody likes to use the room even in daylight.' • That I can quite uoderstand,' was the reply; 'the memory of an evil deed clings to a place for ever, but I think I shall take up my quarters here for a few days; things may become clear to me then thatare, dark enough now. I suppose you are not inclined to bear me company ?' with a glance t' Diclk's bright, cheerful face.?no, , "Well,no,' with a -uddenchange of countenance, 'I can't say that I, am. I'll stay a few hours if you like, and I'll come aga'in to-morrow,but I am going to the ball to-night. So are you; surely you have not forgotten it.' 'No, I have not forgotten it, but I am in no humour for dancing; so I must get you to" make an excuse to our hostess. You really want to go yourself, I suppose.' L Of course.I do; balls, at least those that one cares to go to. are comparatively rare, and I would advise you not'. to miss this one; you can come out to this place and indulge in . a.fit of the blues either alone or in company at any time.' 'I c6uldn't dance to- night,' with a shake of the. head,: ' and I mean to remain where I am; but you might come over in the morning and bring my dog with you if you will; I am sorry now that I left poor Nell behind.' 'Yes, I will bring her certainly, or Quito shall fetch her, so that you have her this evening if you like. The animal likes him; he feeds her you know.' ' Yes; bit it'isn't necessary for him to bring her over this evening; I know she is safe. Come yourself in the morning a?nd cheer me up a little; I shall want it badly enough, I daresay. I feel so miser able and uneasy already that if I were superstitious I should think that some thing terrible had happened to someone very dear to me, or else that I am on the brink of some great calamity myself.' 'Then come back to town with me. It is'preposterous to think of shutting your self up on the spot where you were born, and where your father died, with only an old man and old woman besides Tim for servants, and with such adft of the blues upon you as you describe. Come back with me now, and I promise to return to-morrow with you, and will stay here as long as you like. Now,. what do you say to the bargain ?' 'No, I shall be glad to see you back again, but I mean to remain here for a time. Take care of my dog-for me, there's agood fellow; I could never go back to England without big Nell.' Dick, looked at his cousin anxiously. It was so unlike Walter to mope and give way to mental depression like this, that for one instant he felt tempted to forego the pleasures of the cominig'ball anid re main with his melancholy kinsman. Tlhe sacrifice was too great, however, to be made for what seemed to be no more than a mere whim on Walter's part, for Dick had been anxiously looking forward to the ball in question for special reasons of his own. Still he could not help feeling that it was rather selfish to leave his cousin .to be miserable alone while he went off to enjoy himself, so he compounded with his conscience by remaining at thie Villa Rosa as long as he could, so that though his father with the servants returned to town soon after breakfast was over, Dick him self stayed wiih Walter until late in the afternoon, leaving himself only just suffi cient time to ride back to town, dress and dine, before escorting his step-mother and her two daughters to the ball. Once, as Dick was riding homewards, hlie drew rein and tirned in his' saddle 'to look b?ck at the house he had left. The setting sun threw a red, fiery glow upon it, and even now, Dick Marsden hesitated and felt that he ought to go back to the morbidly gloomy young man who had elected to keep vigil there, as though he were in duty bound to watch by the grave side of one whom he dearly loved. Dick did not yield to the impulse, bow ever. He remembered that his father's wile and her daughters relied upon him to escort them this evening, and duty as well as inclination urged him to continue his journey towards the city. ' Surely he can take care of himself,' he thought,ashe turned resolutely homewards :There is no chance of his meeting Cistellaro in that place, at any rate, and I am not sure that he would have been as 'sale at the ball. There is some mischief afloat that I can not fathom at present; however, I will come back in the morning; nothing serious can happen between now 'and then.' With which he urged his steed onward, and not very long afterwards he was clattering over the bridge that spans the Rimac. ' Where is Walter ?' asked Mary Mars den, as she met her brother coming into the house alone. 'Not coming back to-night, so there will be one partner less at the ball. I say, don't tell-' He was going to say ' don't tell Inez,' but at that moment Inez de Castellaro made her appearance, and Mary, quite unconscious of any possible mischief, and thinking only of her own disappointment, hastened to aicquaint her half sister with the cause of her vexation.' 'Isn't it provoking; and I am sure be dances beautifully,' she pouted, 'and he asked me to save several dances for him, and now, nobody knows I may not even have one partner.' 'You will have me at any rate,' suggested Dick. 'Dancing with one's brother,' with a pout. Then with a laugh. she added.: 'But you know I don't mean it, Dick. I like to dance with you, but I am vexed about Walter. What a nuisance it is ihat he didn't come here before he was en gaged; don't you think so, Inez?' But Inez was gone. The ball that the Marsdens went to that night was a great success. There were many lovely women there, but not one of them could compare with Inez de Castellaro for rare and sparkling beauty. True, there-was a feverish unrest about her that spoke of a mind tortured with anxiety, and'a heart ill at e:ise, but this only gave greater brilliancy to her bright, tropical richness of colour, and new charms to the rich ripe beauty of her form; and so universally was she sought, after that even her vanity and love of adulation were for once fully satisfied. Morn was breaking with rosylight when the party broke up. Most of the guests were weary with heat and fatigue, but Inez de Castellaro, though she had danced every dance in the long programme, seemed as though nothing could tire her. She sat upright in the carriage, eagerly looking out of the window towards the north-east, and as her startled eyes first caught the red flush of the new day dawn ing in the eastern sky, her heart leaped up wildly, her face became terribly pale, and she sank back in the carriage over come for a moment with a strange dread. A second glance, re-asstired her, how ever, it was the rising sun, not the glow firom a burning homestead that she espied. 'As forDick Marsden, when they reached home he could noto sleep, though he threw himself into his hammock and tried hard. Perhaps big Nell's low whine in the next room contributed not a little to increase his wakefulness. The poor animal had been left alone; her master had deserted her, and she was disconsolate in consequence. Dick Mars den could think of nothing and nobody hut his cousin Walter. True, there was no special reason for being anxious about him, nevertheless he was so; he could not rest,- could not drive the idea out of his head that there was something wrong, and t lasi, in a kind of desperatio", he rose, dressed himself, and went softly to the servants' quarters to wake Quinto. To his surprise the man was already astir and preparing for a journey., In the exchange of a few words, master and man found that the source of ihelir anxlty was identical, and concerned the'same person. and before another half hour elapsed they were cantering away to the north- east inr the direction of Villa Rosa, with big Nell keeping close at their heels. Everything seemed strangely quiet about the house as they approached it, but then the day was yet so young that all the inmates were probably still asleep. But to their astonishment and alarm they found that the gate leading into the grounds was open, and the flowers had been trampled down and destroyed as if a regiment had marched through the gardens. Big Nell sniffed about eagerly, then uttered a deep angry howl, and now, thoroughly alarmed, the two young men made their way into the house. Not a difficult matter this, for all the doors were wide open, but every room was empty, and no response whatever came to their shouts for Walter and Tim. In the back premises, however, they found the two old creatures-husband and wife, who were employed to take care of the place. No wonder, they had not answered the shouts; their mouths were gagged, and they lay on the floor bound hand and foot; in other respects, they were unhurt, but so long had they been in this position, and so exhausted were they by the fright they had undergone, that even after they were; released it was some time before 'either 'of them could speak coherently.;- : . : :. ;. , ', i C: :AAPTER XXI.' F nosri the first moment of hisarrivalhat the place of his birth a strange shuddering sense of depression came over Walter Smith. .Had he... been a ... - supersti tious man' he would have thought'that the house ;was haunted, by the unavenged spirit of his murdered father. AS he did not, however, believe in the power of the dead to revisit the scenes of their mortal life, this fancy could take no hold of his mind, and yet a gloom which he could not drive away fell upon him from the moment he came within sight of the spot where his parents had spent the few brief months of their married life. Beyond and above the depression, however, was another feeling, stronger and more powerful, a kind of fascination that chained him to the place, and made him feel for the time, at least, as though he could not, must not, darenot leave it. . Why or wherefore he would have found it hard to say; he longed for the fellowship of his cousin ; he felt sinigularly and painfully aldne; the companionship even of big Nell would have been un speakably grateful to him, and yet hlb could not rouse himself to seek for any thing to distract his gloomy thoughts. A lassitude that was strange to him seemed to hang heavily on his mind and to paralyse his limbs. And more:than once after Dick had left him to return to the city our hero felt his headswim; several timses he even staggered and would have fallen, to the ground had be not clutched at some piece of furniture. or whatever else was nearest to him for support. Tim O'Grady looked at his young master anxiously and muttered something to himself about 'faver,' and it was mainly through his persuasion that Walter was at last induced to go to bed; that is, he consented to lie down where he was, for he obstinately refused to sleep in any room but the one which had been his father's study and where the furniture and everything in it remained pretty much the same as it had beena four-and-twenty years before. Finding his master was not to be per suaded to occupy a bedroom, Tim began to arrange a bed for himn on a wide leather-covered couch, and as he did so he looked about him nervously from time to tsme, not feeling very certain either that he had dreamed the past or that he was not dreaming at the present moment. For Waiter's face was strangely like that of his dead father, and the lassitude and weariness now depicted on it made him look older than was his wont, and thrlreby still turther increased the resemulance. The bed was soon ready, and the youne man threw himsell upon it, saying wearily : 'I wish Nell was here.' Then be fell into an uneasy feverish slumber, tossing restlessly on his couch, moaning, muttering, but never quite waking up out of the legarthic stupor that was upon him. Tim O'Grady had slept in too many un comfortable places since he left his mother country not to find a large bear skin ttat lay on the floor a very good substitute for a bed, and wrapping himself up in a blankcf he was soon sound asleep. The night was warm and sultry, and the door-like window opening on the veranda was thrown wide open for the sake of giving ingress to the cool night air. Whien preparing for bed Walter had been particularly careful to put his revolver, his purse, and his watch and chain under his pillow within reach of his hand in case danger of any kind should threaten him. Now Tim O'Grady had a very respect ful regard to firearms. He never saw a. pistol in a man's hand but he felt con vinced that the man would shoot him. The deed might be done by accident or ly design, but the result Tim.ruefully thought'would be the same, and therefore it was never without some nervousness on his part that he saw Walter handle his beautiftlly mounted revolver. That his master would not wish to harm him Tim, knew. but then, the Irishman reasoned, the young man was excited and feverish, he might even become delirious, and then, who could say what mischief he might do with firearms so ready to his hand. Thus it happened that with a prudent regard for his own safety, Tim took advan tage of his master's backl being turned for a moment to remove the pistol from where Walter had placed it, and hide it between the cushion and the frame of the sofa. So the two men slept. The one fever ishly and restlessly, dreaming strange dis torted dreams, all haviug the same strain of horror and terror and danger. While the other, rolled up on the floor, snored loudly enough to waken himself, and with a regular persistency that would have been in the highest degree.exasperating to any one compelled to listen to it. Noiselessly and cautiously as a snake makes its way through the grass, a man crawled along the verandah, paused at the open window and listened to the regular breathing of one of the sleepers and the deep snores of his companion. Oh, why was not big Nell here at this time? Why had she been brought so far to be left behind now, when she was most wanted ? There was no light in the apartment, and for a time the intruder listened, but the sleepers did not awake, then the spy crept back to his companions. A few whispered words of consultation followed, then three more men crept back with the first, leaving two others behind with the horses and mules. Stealthily they creep along-thes re on the veranda; now they are in the room, and still the sleepes are unconscious of their presence. They strike no light, they utter no sound, and yet their object is evidently not plunder, for silently and cautiously, guided only by their quick instincts, they pause by the side of the sleeping men. Two swarthy figures bend over Tim O'Grady, and two others, more powerful and more resolute, stand by the side of his master. 