SPOETING MEMS. [By tiiu Demon.] I11 the last issuo I referred lo Ameri can trotters, and I endeavoured to introduce a subject, peculiarly sporting, to my readers. I desire to show that the introduction of a systematic and well conducted breeding . establishment of ..'' trotters,' as taught by our American cousins, would be particularly beneficial to Australia. I am aware that already good men and true — men who have studied breeding generally— have mixed their breeding establishments by the introduction of all classes of blood. But these stud owners have endeavoured to make breeding establishments pay by going iii for the ' double '. or ' treble '~rr .tliat is, they have endeavored to combine raeinjj,' trotting, and draught stock .breeding in 'on'e ' establishment; ' This ..appears to have been the cause' Of failure' ? of more than ' one good mail aiid true, j Tp be a successful breeder a lhaii. must .make 0116 particular class his hpliby. ' In ; brooding race Jiorses' the niaii who follows this class ' will ' always 'fiiid that' lie has something to lefirn, and he: will be forced to. admit that' tlie1 moriiciht lie 1 attempts combination he ' will lie at sea': There are four sources from which , 'the present ; great American trotter .claims his exist-' ence— viz.*, '^The'.'prliffj'' ''Thc Norfblk;'' The; . ' ' IlnmblpifbniansJ'' ' aiid'';' 'The Mambrin'6:Fiinily .' ! Eai;h of these breeds' .cliim distinction, but without going, into, details it may' safely '.be assertcirthat tlie breeds' inentionlid arc resp'ohsible for the, great success attendant on, the American', trotting system of . the 1 present day.' To go into details as, to the successcs of the scions Of these breeds would' .take the , space' devoted to sporting in 'the National. Advocate for almost an indefinite period'. But I will show now how' brecdiiig has im-. proved, as especially liow tithe iii't'rbtting events was gradually lessened.: 'The . extreme speed of the trotter previous to' 1 1820 was 2.50 'to the iiiile :in liarncss;, I11 1834 Edwin Forrest' went' !a!;'mile; under saddle in: 2.81.' ; In 'the ' next decade 'Flora ' Temple trotted, in ^2 .1,9) and ; ; gradually the' tiine was decreas.^d:,' sis' was' evidenced iii l;88 !).' bv the, ; pe'rf orniarices of the . three-year-old , ' stiirs '' Sinol. . by 1 Electioneer, a:M' Axtel],''b}r William L,' the former doing 2.10i and Axtell 2.12. The following is' the average of the fastest five performances for each decade since 1820 : — ^ ... ' AVERAUE EXTREME Sl'EED. , . ? ? 1820 to 1830 ... . ... . 2.42 1830 to 1810 2 35} ? 1840 to 1850 . .2 28| 1850 to 18(i0 ... ... 2.25 ? 18G0 to 1870 ... ... 2.18}-,. 1870 to 1880 2 1J 1880' t'o ISS'J 2 10 J- I trust I have not .weaned: sportsmen with .'these facts / .which, I have . brought under notice.-. Mv^solc desireds to show' '.that ,, the,. breeding of -trottingHstock.is essential to Australian sport, and more tlian that, to the development of a really useful class of horse suitable to, our general and indeed more immediate requirements. .1 trust Ii , have awakened 'some interest in the fact ;that we: reqtiire, ' in' addition to our '.racing' weeds,' tlie breed of a more useful . ; animal. : Let me, quote,5 i n bonclusion, : a few; remarks ,asi ',':To the Good Effects of. the. Trotting Track':— . ' Whatever may be the views of the reader as. to the other influences of the, trotting, track, he must admit that it has been tho chief agency in bringing the Anieriean ? -light-harness horse to that point -of -.excellence : which he has now reached. . The love of the turf is deeply rooted iu Americans well as in England, and I think this devotion to ' the sport, of kings', is greatly due to the know ledgc that the improvement of tlie higher kinds of horses depends mainly upon- turf (tests. !:-;-.It:/.is:eeL:tain,', says ian-okl: English ...writer,!;.'; that Iiorseracing was tlie means of converting the old lumber ing horse of this counlry .into- the ele gant, gracefnl..:;nnd- pre-eminently: fleet,1 animal of ,the. present century.I ' ? 'A streak, of,: luck, lias, befallen our Bathurst contingent in - the. -wins oil' : Saturday . last, at: Randwick, of Charon, in the Hurdle .'Race, and Muriel in the ; Winter Stakes.. A lot has been said j by those who didn't win,. 011 ? either of- these events, but, , after all, what , have - people: to gmmble about. ? ' You paj's your money and .takes your chance ' apply s in; these instances, as to every race that is run,, and, if one. is. not 'in, the swim' arid happens to go down,' he lias only to put up with it and ' wait for the turn of the tide.' : : But, it is very strange how ? metropolitan,! journals get hold of 'anything tliey think funny when horses from the country upsot- Sydney 'pots.' The . clever folks : who travel round the weekly races in and about Sydney, and arid who arc supposed to be particularly knowing, and do surprise the public very, very frequently, are never mentioned by tlfe down- country journals, but, the moment country bumpkins effect a sur . prise, or, in other words, win a decent : stake, the unfortunate haudicappcr comes in for' nbuse. The Star of tho 10th inetant, speaking of the Hurdle Race which Charon won, says : ' The form shown by Clmron in the Hurdle Race ? was in striking contrast to his inglorious display 011 the previous Saturday, when he was never near tho leaders, and finished absolutely last,' -Lot me .toll tho sporting writer of the Star that 'this was Charon's first attempt over the sticks in public, and that although lie, the./SfM-' writer, may not know it, it would have been utterly useless for 'Charon to, have. won simply because 'he ran round a post,' a fact which was known; to many. I don't mean to say that the horse was pulled round the post, but he went there all the same. As to Muriel's win, she was long enough in Sydney and did quite sufficient worly in (he open daylight, to let one seo what she was made of. She ran, no doubt, com fortably, but she didn't suit some of the public, and, possibly, some of those who report races. The much-abused haudi cappcr, however, seems to have lost his head for once when he made a jump from 7st. 41b. to 9st, 011 Muriel and put a load 011 Charon. No wonder Charon and Muriel were scratched for after engage ments, for neither of them had a ghost of a show at Warwick Farm. 'Mr. E. C. Cousins and Mr. J. Burton deserve a win now and then, even if it only be to counteract the chaff thev get for daring to intrude upon Metropolitan courses with up-country 'scrubbers.' I was a witness of the football match between those old rivals, Our Hoys and Bathurst Clubs, 011 Saturday last, and for many reasons was delighted to see a really well played game. The tenuis were well matched, but for the last twenty minutes the Boys had their opponents in decided trouble, and but for the call of time it would have, been for Our Boys a tie or a win. T. can allow for the cxcitement of;, pl&ycrlj;, and could easily forgive a smart remarkior., two so far as the field is concerned,' but the unseemly' 'barracking''- of those 'who on these occasions infest the stand makes the; proceedings:' fgr the afternoon more than unpleasant.-. If these ' barraekers ' would only leave tlie players'* to ' 'theriisolVes ; tlio game would be enjoyable for both contestants aiid spectators,- but when one's, -ears -are assailed with shouts of ' Sit 011 (So and So),' 'Bring him down,' '? Kill him,' and otlici- such endearing commands, .^110 ; wonder ihaj [spectators ; [are [fe.w. j They cope with this class of conduct in Vic toria most effectually, both as regards 'rowdy players a.ndiinsecmly .'.barraekers.' 'They disqualify the fori'ner and prosecute the latter.' :-. TV; quote loin a leading ..'sporting :jburnal,| it ijsaj . — ' Punish' the rowlyf player ?ahd*pr8?fcd'rite* the'' rowdy barraclcer are what the association riiust ;do in justice to its -officers, the. umpires.' We want h. WesternJ Foot ball Association to deal witli this'elass of offenders^ who are'urifbrtuiiately getting numerous in Bathurst, as witness' the conduct of . someioEi. those^-who were on! .'our Cricket Ground , last; Saturday after-.' 110011. Inmy'Mems' last week as to- the Elegance, blood, I omitted.,. two noted examples ' ih'old -Wdolstbne, who' Won two Tattersalls Cups, . besides ..other good races, and Velox, anothpr excellent performer. How I came to Overlook Woolstone I cannot say, for if ever there was a --real Bathurst .favorite - it , , was, ' Woolley,' who carried /many a pound of Bathurst money in his many essays. I more than ever .lament the,- loss j of ,thc old English stud book. , and beheve . it must be.in some .one s care who doesn't, know its value. ' ' . . ? ? There has been a turn 111 tho tide so' far as regards' amateur ? rowi ng between Victoria and New South AVales. ? It has come to the turn of a Sydney University Eight tOj run over ,a Melbourne- crew. Njo onoj thought it^iqssible^ biit'it, never theless, wvas 'so, 'and the 'Sydney crew have accomplished- much,- and it is to be hoped will stir ripJ rowing' men generally to go in and do likewise. There are ups and downs in rowing as in every ! other-sport, — but - 1- fancy -our Aust ralian cricketers at home at present are ex pcriencing-a*' severe dose ofsthe downs.1: J 