HALLUCINATION. You ask me why I am going to marry? I can scarcelydare confess to you the strange and inconceivable reason which urges me to this insane course. I am going to marry in order not to be alone. I do not know how to tell it-how to make myself understood. You will pity me and you will despise me when you know in what a wretched state of mind I am. I do not want tobe alone any more at night. I want to feeol some being near me, close to me, a being that can speak,say something, no matter what. I want to be able to rouse that being from sleep, to be able to ask that being any question sud denly- even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is Inhabltkd so.that I can know that a mind is awake, that a reasoning power is at workC-so that, if I suddenly lhght my can?le, I can see a human face beside me-because-b-'eiuse (how dare I avow my shame ?)--because I am afraid when I am by myself I Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any dlmger. If a man were to come in I would kill him without a shudder. I lmve no fear of ghosts; I do not believe in the supernatural. I am not afraid of the dead; I believe in the total annihilation of every human being that passes away. Then? i'es, thenl Well, I am afraid of myself! I am afraid of being afraid; afraid of the mental spasms that am driving me mad ; afraid of the horrible sense of incom prehensible terror. Laugh if you please I t is hideous; it is incurable. 1 am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar objects which seem to me to become ani mated with a sort of animal life. Above all, I am afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the eonfusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. First I feel a vague disquiet that passes into my mind and makes all my flesh creep. I look around me. Nothingl And I feel a need of something. Of what ? - Somctling incomprehensible. Then I become afraid, simply because I cannot comprehend my fear. I speak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frightened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, orinside the armoire, or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in any of those places. ' I turn around suddenly because I am afraid of what is behind me, although there is nothing behind me, and I know it, I am nervous; I feel the scare growing upon me, and I lock myself Into my room, and bury myself in bed, and hide my head under the bedclothes, and, cowering there, I shut my eyes in desperation, and thus remain for a seemingly iifinite length of time, oppressed by the thought that my candle is still burning on the little table beside the bed, and Clint I should really blow it out. And yet I dare notl Is it net frightful to be in such a con dition ? There was a time when I never felt this way. I used to go home feeling perfectly calm. I went out and came in without anything to trouble the serenity of my mind. If I had then been told what a stupid and terrible disease of fear-of in credible fear-would come upon me in after days I would certainly have laughed. I used to open the doors in the dark with perfect confidence; I used to make my pre parationsfor going to bed quietly, without even bolting myself in, and I never thought of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all the entrances to 'my room were strongly secured. The trouble began last year in a singalir way. It was in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When my housekeeper had taken her departure, after I had dined, I asked myself what I was going to do. For some time I walked up aend down my room. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed, incapable of doing anywork, lacking even the mental force to read. A fine rain was moistening the window panes; I was melan choly, all permeated by one of those cause less attacks of despondency which make you feel inclined to cry-which make amnn want to talk to somebody or anybody in order to shako off the weight of one's own fancies. I -felt lonesome. Never before did my dwelling seem so empty. An infinite and heart-sickening solitnde surrounded me. What was I to do? I sat down. Then a nervousimpatience seemed to pass into my legs I got up and began to walk again. Perhaps Iwas also a little feverish, for my hands, clasped behind my.hnlaeks smedtr burn one auother shen they touched. Thbn a sudden cold shudder ran down my back. I thought that the outside dampness was entering the room, and it occurred to me that it would bewell to light' a fire. I lit it, and I sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of- re maining quiet in any one position forced me to get up again, and I felt that I would have to go-out somewhere, to stir myself, to find a friend. Iwent out. First I visited the houses of three different friends, no one of whom was at home; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to find some aequaintance or other. It was dismal everywhere. The wet side walks were shining. A watery lukewarm ness-one of those lukewarmnesses which nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers -seemed to bear down over the whole streetand to make the gas jets burn nearily and dim. I walked along sluggishly, saying over and over again to myself, "I won't find any body to talk to." Several times I looked into all the caffs between La Madeleine and the FanbourgPoissonnierc. Only miserable looking people, who did not seem to have even vlm enough to finish what they had ordered, weresittin get the tables. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way home. I was quite calm, but very tired. My contieroe, who always goes to bed before eleven o'clock, opened the door for me at once, contrary to his usual habit; andl I thought to myself, "Hello! some othler lodger must have just gone upstairs." Whenever I go out 1 always double look my door. This time I found it simply pulled to, and the fact impressed me. I thought that perhaps some letters might have been brouglht up- stairs during tihe evening. I went in. My fire was still burning, even brighltly enough to light ip the apartment. 1i took thle candle in order to kindleit at thie grate, when, as I looked right before me, I saw some one sitting in my easy-chair, with his back turnedl to me, apparently warming his feet at the fire. 1 was not startled at all-not the least in the world. A very natural supposition occured to me, namely, that one of my fiends haId come to pay me a visit. The concierte, to whom I lhad given instructions when I went out, had naturally told the visitor that I would soon be back, and had lent him his own key. My friend, whose hair alone I could see over the back of the chair, had evidently dropped asleep while waiting for my re turn, and I proceeded to wake him up. I then got a distinct view of him. ills right arm hung don'; his feet were crossed one over thie othler, andi thie way hIis head drooped a little totheleft of the ann-chair, showed plainly enough that he was asleep. I asked myself, " Who is it ?" Tihe light in the room was not strong enouighl to see pcr fectly by. I put out my hand to touch hIis shoulder. My haInd touched only the wood of the chair! Nobody was there! The chair was empty ! Mercel whata shock it gave me. First I leaped' back as if some terrible peril had made itself visible. Then I turnced round, feeling tlhat somebody was Icehlind me; then, almost as lquickly, an ipcpertive dlesire to look at tihat chair again made mc whirl around a second time, andt I stood there panting with fear, so bcwildered as to be Incapable of thinking-on tihe very point of fallisg, lut I am by nature a cool man, and my self-possession soon returned. I thought to myself, "I have just had ac hallucination thl'at is all" And I iammediately biegan to reflect on tihe phCenomenon. In such moments the mind operates rapidly. I bad had an hallueimation-that was an incontcstable fact. Now my miind lasd all the timce resmanied clear, perfqrmini g its functions regularly and l giniclly. Tihere w-as conseiquently nO1 fccti'ni of the brain. The eyes alone had been deludled, and ihad deluded my imnagination. Thie eyes had a vision-one of those visions that muake simple minded folk believe iin miracles. It was simply a niervous accildent to thie optical apparatus--nothing more; perhaps thlere Swas a slight congestion. I lighted mIy canlle. As I henit down over the fire I found myself tremlling, and I drew myself up again with a sudden Sstart, as if some one had touched me from bdllds....'" Certainly niy nerves were out of order, I walked to and fro for a little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few airs. Then I double-locked the door of my room, and began to feel somewhat reassured. At all events, nobody could get in. Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put out my light and went to bed. For a few minutes everything seemed all right. I remained lying quietly on my back. Then I felt an irresistible desire to look at my room, and I turned over on my side. My fire held only two or three red embers, which barelylightetl the legs of the chair; and I thought ' saw the man sit tingthere again. I struck a match quickly; but I had been mistaken-I could see noth ing. Nevertheless, I got up, took the chair and placed it out of sight behind my bed. Then I made everything dark again, and tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than five minutes, when I saw in a dream, and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incident of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking a light, sat up in bed without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithetanding, twice seized upon me for a few moments, in spite of myself. Twice I saw the same thing. I thought I had actually gone mad When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, and took a peaceful sleep until mid day. It had passed-entirely passed. I had had a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort. I had been sick. Nevertheless, I thought myself very much of a fool. That day I was quite jolly. I dined at the cabaret, went to the theatre, and then started for home. But, as I drew near my house, a strange feeling of uneasiness took possession of me. I was afraid of seeing him again- him Not afraid of him exactly - not afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, but afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that *ould come upon me. For more than an hour I walked up and I down-the aid?rnllk.. rmi,..a-n-nla-0I lssidosd that this was absolute folly, and I went in. I I panted so that I could scarcely climb the I stairs. I stood on the landing mn front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly, I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. I plnged my lkey into the lock; I runshed forward with .a lighted candle in my hand; I kicked in the un fastened door of the room, and threw one terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw I nothing. Ahl what a reliefl What a joyl What I adeliverance! I went to and frowitlh a swaggering air. But still I did not feel i perfectly comfortable. I would turn round by fits and starts to look behind me; the i darkness in the corners of the room i frightened me. I slept badly, being incessantly startled I out of my rest by imaginary noises. But 1 never saw linim. No-that was all over. Ever since that day I have been afraid to be alone at night. I can feel it there, close to me-the vision! It did not make c its appearance again-oh, no! And what matter, anyhow, since I don't believe in it, since I know that it is nothing. Still, it annoys me, because I keep a1ll t the time thinking about it. One arm was s hanging down on the right side; his head dropped a little to the left, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to -think any more about it. I And still, what is this feeling of being i haunted? Why does it persist in tis i way? His feet were close to the fire. Ilo lhaunts me; it is madness, but it is t so! Who is he? I know perfectly well l that lie does not exist-that it is nothing I whatever. He only exists in my apprelin sion, in my fear, in my anguish. That's s enough. e Yes, but it's no use for me to reason with myself about it-no use to try to brace up against it; I can't remain alone at home I any more, because he is there I know I t won't see him any more; he won't show himself again. ]But he is there all the same, in my thoughts. Because lie remains invisible, it does not follow that hie is not ( there I He is behind the doors, in the arm chair, and under the bed-in all the dark t corners, in all the shadows. ILI stir the t door ever so gently so that it creaks upon i its hinges, if I open my armoire, if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon the corners, upon the shadows, he is not there, but I feel him a behind me! I turn round, certain all the I while that I am not going to see him, that I shall not see him again. He is behindI still for all that it is stupid and atrocious I j Whatl would~woultyod aro....0 - a iBut if there were two-of us together at i home, I feel perfectly sure he would not be there any more. Hle is there because I 1 am alone. - . 