¶ A GHOST STORY. ¶ By Mary Kyle Dallas. ¶ One morning Arthur Heywood received a strange letter. It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. " Come at once," it said. "I am going to die, and I want to leave you my property, It seems right to see you first," Arthur had novermot his Aunt BIaud,who lived by herself in a handsomne country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, while the boyoe-her brothers-were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's fethecr had been the oldest, and all he had ever said of his sister MIaund was that some. thing she had done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never saw each other, and, for his part, he never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Ifcywood was quite alone in the world, this aunt had written to him. IIe expected to lind a witch-liko old woman lyingin her bed. Instead, when a strange, oul, black servant-woman had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all; sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. ! You are a Heywood," she said. "You resemble your father, but are not so stern. Sclim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his sister. "There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. Mly heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I ray. "Dlon'texrcres regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last." With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell andordtercd supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty. year-old nephew to his room, at nine o'loclk, as though lie had been a school-boy. It was a large roum at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he. paeed the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed atonce. A night lamp stood upon the mantcl.picec; le lit It bfee reti he retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken Ill in the night; buit lie was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernntural. "It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," lie said. "I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, lie ell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much no a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost. seet, lie was awakened with a start, to se nat t!.o foot of his bed a little dart: woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curlious sort of white cap on her hand, and a dress of some grey stulff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemel to be a uaran or a scr vaint of some sort, and it was Arthur's im. preesion that his aunt was ill. " lave you come to call min? " he asked. The woman camre a little nearer. " Yes," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; "that woman is dying." •' My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. *, Your aunt," replied tihe figure. "If some one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her bilun." " This Is a lunatic," thought Arthur. his started to hisfeet, draping himself In a blanket, ready to do what eeemed best under the eircumstances, but the woman was gone. Ile went to the door. It was fastened as he had left It on retiring. The windows were bolted down, There was no posslbility of any one entering the roomn, Hearehing it thoroughly, hu miadle sure tlht no one was hddlen there, resolved that lie had had a bad dream, and comlposed himself to sleop again, wotlurling why ilmnghilatlon should play sullet frenak ont him, Hlowever, this dreamn, If dream It were, was repeated three tines, 1u01 h time the strtllge, dark wolman ii xpIressed iher desireO to Heu Mlaind Ieywood hiung, ani d declaresd that If It were inot skino It woul soon be too Ilis iunt swas not a wolman to whlom to rlepent snh a11 dit nl (, eveln had o heu b he i to I- li st h it l. t e' li't W iti I ni ' ~1s ht i s ts ) I to l lll? In l h r1IL "Ir wIIII*I'l k ll . mllOI wn i hit 1y In( lll I ts lie lilt sitol dlsu lisI,1 Cliit, ,\L A t , his vusvIts i 'Ile 'io 1tis iasiltritso, cit by a ghost, but by It rap on his door, Ilis ant was dying-a servant had cotme for him, When hie reached her room she was in sensible. She nevcrspoke to him again. lie could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Ifeywootl had entertained no one, and visited no one in the neighborhood; and in due course of time the will was read. II left everything to Arthur Haywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selism Lfeywood, and with but one proviso: The garret sould remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar-never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nepllhew will agree to this, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in case that lihe refuses, directing the di- position to be made of the house." BIt Arthur lad no hcsilation in agreeing to this whimi of hi dead aunlt, who, doubt. less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youtl which site did not wish to destloy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret rctmained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; bhut whenever Mrs. Ilcywood made this remark, her lius band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." " Who will ever know l" she would urge. " Who cares 2" " A codicil which I have never seen re mains," Arthurwould reply. " Who knows what might happenla" " . `1 . And so his Fatima didlno more thlan peeli through the keyhole of this ilunebeard'l chamiber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children, and when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no. thing could bhe o delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers haid left near the house, le gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, lhe potped in; but at the moenltnt the laddterslippell. lIe remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, ran to his nssistance. However, though the child had crept tip the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the latoo which forbade the opening of tlhe garret door, one of them bade the child re main where lie was, until hie came, antd rushed up the staircase, followed by all the houschold. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the Bruman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what ? To approach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the work ofn moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur IIcywood was absent from home nt the time. When he returned he found the I 'ng-sc..lcd garret door opened, heard his wife's story amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight black hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, deannding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, tho discovery had been a public one, and so must the explana tion be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possesesion of the estate. This codicil had been enveloped and sealed by biss Maud,who alone know the contents. It contained these words : "Thls paper will only be opened if the garret is opened .lso. In that case my secret will be known to those who ar of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jano Jarvelle disappeared. She was well.known In the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself ant ex hibited to curious folk, the truth might have been suspected at the time. "Jane came to live with me as house. keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I was betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Rlupert lotted him. Ils placed Jane Jnrvelln in my liouse its a spy. lIho interceptcd letters andt worked in such a way that my engan?ment was broken off and my life embittered, MIy lover left me with scorn, believing a false tale, anti married another, One day I aisco.cred Jane Jar. roli's treachery. I went in search of her, I found her in the garret. There we hlad n scene, and there I murdered her. I stnbbed her to tne heart. She lived only long enough to shriek : "'I will haunt the house until you are hung for this I' "Site has Idone it, I have soon her. 1But I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked 'the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, anti gathered new ones about me. I tohl people that Jane had been disrmisscd for tlisltoncbty. I did not lie. "My brother, Rlupert, crosa-questioned me, and mrIal great scarch for Jane Jarvello; the others were never good to me. Ours was tit unkindly rarcc but Sells,, though stern, was a nslut man . To his only son I have left all. ).at him lity nie. " Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of n horrible death on tihe gallows,and assured of futuire punishmennt, what has my life been i Again I say-pity me, and pray for me," 