LEONARD LIXSAY, OH THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. BY ANGUS B. BEACH. • ^fflab a tale of tie hot generation, and, since Wwt^ lie mm, ham their cSaaces, and sometimes achieve undeserved fame, or suffer unmerited di»- astn; ao " Leonard. Ijndsay, tbe Story of a Bammeer," bag fallen into a very uajest forgetfnl tile is one of adventure; it of strongly us one of Hsnyat's:; It dmvs a pictara of a. peridied type of life ainiort a-q vividly us Ssftt himself anil do ; aad it tells its story in an EngHshaapnre anil crisp as tint of Bobert ltniir fiteratton. Our readers will hive a rare litenur trest m this picture of the data wJi«m there iras «ice with Spain beyond tbe line."] CHAPTER L \- OP MT BOTHOOD, A3TD HOW BSCCO CAST .Wit A I AX C1S3XED TO THE SHT iSSLES AtMXSSI XT WILL. It "was in the fair sunlight of a May mora.' •ang, in tie year of Grace 1672, that that great bravo ship, the Golden Grove of Leith, %isted her broad sails, with many fflnttming pendant and streamer libove tiMm, and stood proudly- down the Firth «f Earth, designing to reach the open Wnn, not far from the hiH, well known mariners by the* name of the North ^Berwick -Xmr- On board of the Golden. Grove, I, Imiui Lindsay, than in mj twenty- second year, was, job most know, a sailor, and I Slope a bold one. My father was a fisherman, iiad, as I may 6ay. lug coble was my eradle. •Many a rough rocking In troth it btstoved •apn a^ for it was his am even before I -oould gO Blone^ to oanjr me wifli bim a fish- W,imgpeii^itaar{e,iB«itailaniMD,. •while mymodur. with a ereeljapon herback^ j-oorneyed throngh _ duejand^ towns, and : to fiie'housesof the gentry, to sell the 6poil «f hook and net. We fared hard and worked hard; for no more industrious folk lived in the fisher-tow «f Kirk Jjeslie, a pleasant and goodly spot, ljiog not far from the East of Neuk of Fife, than old Davie Lindsay and Jess, his wile and my mother. Many a weary night and day have come and crone einee I beheld that mah whereon I was born; bat I oan^et •shnt my eyes and see oar cottage and our inat—called the " Royal Thistle^'—rocking at the lee of the long rough pier of unhewn whinsfame, gathered from the wild muirs anoand, which ran into the sea and sheltered the little fisherharbour, formed by the bum >*f Balwearie, where it joins tbe waters of its blaek pools to tbe salt brine. Opposite oar house was a pretty green boarock, as we it, that is to say, a little hlil, mostly of 3R?ght green tnrf, with, bunches of bent and long grass, which rustled with a sharp sad stand when the east wind blew anell, andtneping. oosily into the chimney neuk, we womd listen to. the roaring of the flea. Bnt the bonrock was oftentimes brown «SUi nets or with wet Bails stretched there to dry, and below it there lay, half-buried in tie sand, old boats, "M>" 1 '1f»ring away, and masts and oars all shivered, bleaching like -irig bones in the sun and the rain. I remember old Davie Lindsay my father well. He was a stern, Ing man, with a grisly grey teard, shared bnt onee a month Ko £sher on the coast had a sorer hand for the tiller or a firmer gripe to haul aft the sheet of the lagmil in a fresh breeze and a gathering -Asa. Often when we wero rising and falling -on the easterly swell, half-a-score miles from Kirk .Leslie pier, he loved to tell me oldworld tales and sing old-worid songs of the •at. Then would he reooonthow the Borer «ank the bell which good abbot Ignatius, of AbeiLruthwiek, caused to be placed upon the 'wild Bell Bock; as a guide to poor mariner® ; =aad how the pirate dreed the weird—that is, •woderwent me fate—he had prepared .for himself, and lost with ehip and crew on that very reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop kifi Toice, and when I came close to him, he mxiH speak of great monsters in the sea; of the ocean snake, whose head looked up at the badge of Stirling-, and whotse tail went nine times around tbe Sass; of ""g*"^ mermaids who come npon the yellow sands at night, -and beguile men with their false lays, till Hicf leave house and borne, bong 'bewitched by the glamour of elfin palaces under the feine; and, most terrible of all, of phantom ships with crews of ghosts, which saflora see the pale glimmerings of the - moon, -when it shines through the driving scad, upon a niiA midnight and a roaring sea. Bat, then, if I was frightened and cried, my father would straightway «hange the theme, and burst out with a strong clear voice into some loud fishing-song-, -or, what I loved better still, into some brave, ancient ballad, about the fair kingdom of -Scotland, and its gallant kings and stalwart knights; and of such, my favoixrite was tbe lay of Sir Patrick Spens, for he was both a ifcnight and a sailor. The long ate in Dimfaxgliiie town. Drinking 1 tbe Mode-red wine, O whare will I get a ekeely skipper To nil thvi ship of mine ! Then up and spake an eldon knigbt. Sat at the Uiig^H rirflt knee. Sir tUriA 8pens is tbe besteaCor That erer nled the sea. Oh, I can yet hear my father's strong voice wtom^ over tbe dash of the water and the moan of tbe wind, as he song the brave voyage of Sir Patrick to Korroway, to bring tome the king's daughter; bat his tones would pink and grow hoarse and low, when "3be chanted the storm, and tbe perishing of -.all the fair company on the voyage home. O. forty mile off Aberdeen Tis fiftyfathom deep. And there lies gude 8ir Patriek Specs, Wi' the Soota lords at his foet. My father'slong home was also the bottom «•£ the sea. One wild March day, the coble left Kirk Leslie pier without me". I staid at home mending a dredge-net with my noQier. Hie nvioly bar was on the ooast, that is to say, thick cold mists and a keen wind. As the «m rose high so did the tempest; we could see nought seaward, for the grey fog wa.8 nut npon the -water, but erery -u-ave came white, over and -osyr the pier, froi'i end to end. My mother "wait to and fro, Bin, and praying to herself ; as indeed i many another fisherwife, for they h*<l ^reat cause. The night "was awful. I sat cowering beads my -mother, who was rocking herself on a settle with her apron over her bead; or now anc 'then stole down to the beach, to where men \- stood with lantern« npon masts to show the harbour mouth ^ the poor . folks at sea. jSHiree boats, with <-raws pale and worn, made thesnrf—bat she ^tsliottom upwards; In a month afc>r this, my mother and I \- went to her father-"", a very old man, and a reverend elder of the kirk. He sent me to school toDominie Buchanan, a learned cade, who by his own a "^ount behoved tobe of the race of thegreat G<-irdie Buchanan, of whom they tell merry tales, which surely axe idle and false, forhe was a severe, grave man, and handled the tawso unmercifully, as his Toyal pnpil, gentle King Jamie, could in his time wiJl testify. At school I .was diligent, pleased toasterand friends. AOerwarda, np tomy »xteenth birthday, I •went maA a fishing in the bostitESaimdas ^ Kaoggfefotei, my maternal mode, when deeoring to see more of my coontry than oonld be descried in our furthest voyages between •Kirir Iffltipyernod the deep-sea fisheries at -thebeckofthe Ide of May, I inade|inaay «oastiing hTp8, for the space of near fiveyears, in tbe sbmtlxig Joa uvionfanie, bdoaging "to Erkaldy, during «Udi time I twice Jjrisited the Zfauaes aad the dty of London; fiyingalsooni^eadbiyy wittiagreatcargo Iwningsto Antwerp, inthelioirGonntziee. gMj Btin Ii^aiedto eee the vorid forfiwr fum iums.iud tothis intent prefaned nither to go on boand Golden Grove of Leith as at mmmon lMJlflr than to be mate of the lean to be fast fading from my mip^ Indcoc X must tell yoa that it is to the exertionE of that learned man that this narrative is gether owing 1 , for he, seeing', aa he pleased to say, a more congenial boQ mind for the seeds of his instructions was presented by the other fisher-' took great pains to imbue me with a lo' the humanities, which has not entirely until this day. After much -ing upon my prospects, I tharefore made up my mind to offer myself on b<Krd of tbe Golden Gtora, which I did, and accepted without mora ado. Mr frii would hare me pause and think of dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates robbers of th«? eea ; but I knew Captain J| Goxou, of tha Golden Grove, to- be a and experienced seaman, and one "who iu T readily Crusted with iich freighb—vhiUu to ireebootcr», when I looked npon tbe aiby of eolverias, demi -culverios, asd fakooU ranged upon the decks, and also the show 1 , if carabines and pafcterreroes placed aboot be mists, with many stout fellows to man aid wield them, I felt wa could bid defiance to ty rover who ever railedout of Sallee. [ to make a l«ng story short, |ra completed car cargo, took in pnmatpns aid water, and, as has been said, on a fineMiy morning, I do not remember the exaetj >' ttailed. Thii wind was so fair that byje' fall we Baw St. Abb's Head. And here at the outset of what waa' to me so adventurous a rojage, I would dee scribe my captain and my shipmates, as well as - the stput vessel herself, tu latter being indeed a brare craft, with top-gallant fere. I castle and high poop, Bimnonnted by Uueif great lanterns ; but, aa the reader wifrs^tortiy l perceive, die die Golden Grore and I I fXNm soon jMUt&d; parted company, and I never saw cither her or any of her crew again. We carried the fair north windQwith ns all along the English coast, until passing n through the Straits of Dover, we bade farewell to the white cliffs. Then in two days' time we saw upon the larboard bow great rocks which formthe cape called La Hbgae, in France, and passing to the westward of the island of Guernsey, sighted the little isle of Ushact lying off the port of Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval stores. Hereabouts the wind changed, ; veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that we could well disoern that we were no longer in the narrow seas, but exposed to the great strength and fiercenessof the Atlan^e or Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress. The breeze was not steady, but blew in squalls, making it often neoessary to band topsails, and raising great seething seas around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day of our voyage, we lost sight of Ushant and entered into the great Bay of Biscay. The sea here runs exceedingly high, tumbling into the shore in great ridgesof blue water; but with a stout ship, well manned, the nature of the waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling surges in the North Sea. And now I come to tiieaocident which bo sadly determined my lot formany a day. On the morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weather was squally and unsettled, and the sea irregular and high. About S o'clock, looking forth, towindward, I saw a great blackness in the sky, which I took to be the prdude of a gust of no common strength. At the same moment the mate of the watch ordered the topmon aloft to hand the topsails,we carrying- at the moment no higher canvas. My station waa npon the leeward fore-topsail yardarm, and as I clung by the manropes to tbe great creaking pieces of timber, grasping the flattering canvas of the sail, I thought I had never seen a finer sight than the great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the white foaming seas, which wonlS BOtnetuneB strike her and poor heavy masses of cleargreen water in a flood over the decks. When we were securing the pail, the motion aloft was very great, we being- violently swung- from side to aide in such wise as might wdl pinWy giddy even the grizzled head of gn old mariner. Meantime, the gust to windward was coming fast'; the blackness increased, and a rushing sound, as of the chariot wheels of a hurt, rose above the rude clamour of the* sea. Then, amid jjreat showers of flying brine, which it drove before it, the fierce wind struck the Golden Grove bodily over npon her side. At the same instant X heard a hoarse voice below summoning the men from the- yards down upon deck; . bnt as I was about to obey, the tempest grew terrible. There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below but the white >dies of waves breaking over the strong .works of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not been quite secured, was torn open, as it were, with a loud screech by the wind, and flappedand banged so that I felt tbe very mast shake and quiver violently, while I received rude blows from tbe loose and flying ropes, insomuch as, being half btined by that and the pelting of the brine, I shut my eyes, and bending down my head grasped the yard firtuilyin my arms, t might have remained thus three or four seconds, when Iheaidtheloudhowlof the wind suddenly increasetoasort of eldritch scream. In a moment, the mast gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and immediately a crashing of wood. Then, still clinging to tbe yard, I was hurried with a mighty rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all gurgling over my head, and I knew at the eame time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore-topmast, and I waa overboard in the boiling sea. By instinct, I suppose, I' struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so as to get my head and shoulders above water. Then I saw that I was alone in my misery. I have said that my station was at the outer end of the yard,' and I conceive that my shipmates must have gained the top,and from thence, I hoped, the deck. But as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The eeas rose in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around swiftly, torn, darknees which lay, waa far down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose upon a higher eea than common, X faihtly deemed %t£e dip in a Sfar^fc?upso'asto scud/before the storm! She was already near a league away, and leaving me fast, so that the bitterness of death rose up in my very heart. For a moment I thought I might as well die at once, and letting go my hold of the spars, l ellowod myself to sink backward into the sea. Bnt God has wisely made man to love life with with a dinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim enemy. Therefore, as the water closed above me, and I felt suffocating, I could not heln ""•'""f a struggle, which soon replaced mc on my desiMate seat on (he floatingwreck. I looked at the spars, "and saw that the topmast had broken only «*beot a foot beneadi the place to which the yard had been lowered. Nearly the whole of the foretop and the top-gallant maste of the Golden Grove, with the fragments of the foretopsail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the I clambered in from the end of the yard, took up my podtion where the mast and it croseed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of the munemms ends of broken tuye 'which abounded, and for near an hoursatdismaland almostbrokcn-hearted, untaedfuiof bov tbe varai towed me to and fro, or how they wmfftnai burst over and abnofet stifled me. I. -was somewhat roused by a foelingof warmth, and lool that the clouds bad broken^ and thai, the waa shining brightly on the Tbe '•wind, waa also abated, and the ''waves not will tellyon of the noise: it is as of a great multitudinous hiss, rising universally about you—the bu^t of the fermenting ana yeasty waves. There are no deep, hollow rumblings. Except for that hissing, seething sound, the great billows rise and in silencc; and yoa look over a tumbling waste of bine or green water, all laced and dashed, and variegated with a thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of white glancing froth, which embroider as it were with lace, the dark masses of hearing and fnllt^g- ocean. TT—this eound, and seeing this sight, I tossed until the son got high and warm. I Celt no v< poignant anguish, for my soul was cloth as it were, in a species of lethargy—the livBiy of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. _ heard a sharp little dash in the water, and a soft quackle, as of a sea-fowl. Looking up, I descried beside me two ducks of that species which we, in the Scottish seas, called marrots; they are white on the breast and neck, and brown aboVe, and bav* very bright, glancing, yellow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and use their short wings under water, as other fowls do theirs in flying. By the appearance of these creatures 1 knew that land was, at furthest, within two days' sail. There—tilting gajiy over each sea—they swam for hours, to look at me ; sometimes they would dive, bnt they never went far from the wreck, always up and riding head to wind, with their keen yellow eyes fixed,as t thought, t upon titte poor drowning mariner. They seemed tame and 'fearless—for. indeed, what should-they dread from mer Once, in a sort of melancholy mi^ I laised my arm threateningly, bat they stirred neither wing nor leg to flee,lifting over seas which would make a great man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but whioh these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down bong washed aside from' their white breasts. He sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend the westerly skies, and the afternoon wan fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Soc.-etimes when on the crest of a swell, I looked anxionsly for a sail, but I saw nought save the bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of the waves rose and fell in varying curves and ridges,so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with "my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to myself, many verses of psalms, which, when I was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's knee. Meantime, I began to feel a stiffening and a heavy drowsiner® over all my limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters tnmed into divers colours before my sight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was departing. Howbeit, a holy tranquility came down upon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw—but dimly—-the green bonrock and the sweet, soft swarded links of the Balwearie bum, with the brown herringnets drying on the windy grass. The place seemed holy and etall; the sun was hot, and none were stirring, and presently I knew it was a summer Sabbath day, for trom out the open windows of the grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voices of the congregation, as they sang— In JtuJah'e land God is well ltnawij, His name in Israel's great, In Salem is his tabernacle. In Zion is His seat. After this, there cams on me silence and darkness, X having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rude and pulls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my eyee with effort, I saw surging upon the broken water, close to the spars, a ship's boat with men, one of whom—he who rowed the boat oar—had gianped the collar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he succeeded, ere I could well make out whereabouta I was.. At the same tuneseretalvoioes asked, in tw© different languages, what was my name and country, and hoar I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one bring French and the other Low Dutch, of which I had heard and picked up somewhat in my several voyages up the riverScheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, replied truthfully that my name was Leonard Lindsay—that I was a Scotsman, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, wherefeom I baa fallen overboard, the spar towhich I (dung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempestuous weather. At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafarina: men, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by the sun and the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earixags, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two mere fair and blue-eyed—namely, the men who first addressed me in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brief time beside the spars, and seeming to consult as to whether they were worthy to be made a prize of, they decided in the negative, and dipping their oars into the water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching the run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of the boat, and looking over the bows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from ns, a bark, which appeared to be both small and frail to contend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and strange to me, for she carried two masts, both very stout and short, and above them were two great Bupple yards, upon which was spread a good show of canvas, each sail being of that trinagular form, called by the seamen who use them, lateen. Xn£ne, the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean coast of France, and was of the class named feluccas. It was necessary to approach the vessel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled and surged excessively. We therefore came slowly up, under her lee quarter, and a man. of very dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes I ever saw, jumped np upon the gunwale, and hailed the boat in French, bat talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board. It was made fast to me, and without more.ado, X*was soused into the sea,and on board tbe.feLooca, where I lay panting, on tiie deck, while' tiiecrew—very wild and fierae- lookingsailors—amused themselves with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, the man who had hailed the boat, and who seemed to have great authority on board, came up to me, and putting die rest aside, said more deliberately than before, bat still in French, and with a peculiar accent— " You are not, then, a Spaniard ?" I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that—" I was not, but a Sootsman." Without more ado, he stooped overt me. and searched my pockets. They contained some small Enjrli&h; coins, being groats and silver pennies, and oho a letter, which Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written to me to Leith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he epobe a few words in a kinder tone to those abont him, and presently leaving me, a man dressed in a tarnished lively, like a lackey, brought me a great cap of &otdistiUsd; waters, which I graedily swallowed, and found mywU oomforted and tcbedwd. Bong, however, much exhausted from the length of time which X had passed in the water, I laid me down upon a bean of aails in the forecastle, and being taken but little notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for say deliverance, and began to drop off to sleep. Only beforehand, like s sailor, I observed the oousae the abip. ThAwind beingwesterly, and she being close- hauled, «pd labouring heavily to windward, I deemed, and with, truth, thatber destination must be a c ™» *be Atlantic. But whithenoever she went, with my them feelings, mattered little. .Iwuaavgd&omra; early death, And gra X Cell into i» deep and I it waa dark nigh^ aad nt.-' As the wind, how- _ r steady, and the aea not t regular, the men were mostly : — about the deck, except be lethat steand. Seeing me r p m ^ m M lo n* vSOis lantern in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressed me in English, mUng me from from whence I came, and the particulars of my disaster. Having shortly informed him, I requested that he would tell me what tbe ship was which had rescued me, and what manner of treatment I might expect at the hands of the captain and crew. At first, he made as if be would pot off fariUn of these matters, bat as I was importunate, he asked me in turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principally "Png- ii^hmfTi, Frenchmen, and Hollanders, who carried on a constant warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West Indies, and along the coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land, and d««wnding with fireand sword upon Panama and other towns of die South Sea. To this X replied, that certainly I had heard of thm bat only very partially and nothing distinctly, that they were, X suppose, the adventurers called Flibustiers or Buccaneers, and more anciently the "Brethren of the Coast*" My new friend made answer moodily, that I should most probably have ample means of foot on British ground again—"That is, says he, "after you have either escaped or served your time/' These phrases naturally threw me into great trouble, and I earnestly asked what be signified by them. "Why," he replied, "that you will be sold as an apprentice, or in other words, as a slave, to the fVench West India Company, in the Ids of Toztugaft, on the northern eoast of Bisponlola, whither we are bonnd." At these wordt l grew aick at heart. Better," I said," to haveallowed me drown in that sea than to have rescuedme only to sell me into slavery." '' Not so,'* answered my companion, something' sternly. " Ton are young, and have a thousand hopes before you. The hand that miraculously preserved you this day is ever stretched out in wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to chastise.** I TO BE SONTI.VCEDJ 