Literary Chit-chat. Mr. Edmund Gosse, in a letter to the Times, reminds those who make it their pious duty to place memorial tablets on the dwellings of the illustrious dead that no house in London has a stronger claim on their attention than 19 Warwick-crescent, facing the Paddington Canal, i where it divides around its picturesque wooded islet. Hero Robert Browning lived from the time of his return from Italy, after the death of his wife in 1861, until he removed to 29 De Vere Gardens in the summer of 1887. It was the scene of his creative activity for more than a quarter of a century, and each of the volumes of his second period from " Dramatis Persona)" to " Parleyings with Certain People of Impor tance" was issued thence to the Press. " Let us," Mr. Gosse pleads, " havo on the front of 19 Warwick-crescent one of those graceful and unobtrusive tablets which are so highly appre ciated by strangers in London." Wilkie Collins's library was to be sold on the 17th January. The collection was considered to be interesting rather than valuable, but the books would, of course, have a value of their own as relics of the owner. In " Shakspeariana" Mr. Winter thus sum marises the changes as the result of the restoration of Stratford-on-Avon Churoh:— " Tho old galleries are gone. The old pews are gone. Varions mural tablets are gone. The old stone pulpit is gone. The priests' desks have gone. A commemorative window in the south clerestory is gone. The organ is gone, and the arch between the nave and the chancel is dwarfed by the encumbrance of a new one." Lovers of Tennyson will be glad to iearn-tliat among the new books announced is ." -The Poetry of Tennyson," by the Rev. Henry van Dyke, D.D., with a chronology of the great events in tho poet's lifetime, which have, or may have, influenced his song, and a list of the Biblical quotations of which Tennyson has made use. Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes is contributing to the Atlantic Monthlg a series of reminis cences and reflections, under tho title of " Over the Teacups." Mr. W.Ronald Macdonald, a son of the Rev. Dr. Macdonald, the novelist, has become head master of .the Ashvillo High SohoOl, North Carolina. •• - With regard.to the diary of Sir Walter Scott, which will shortly be published, a portion of-it, says tbe World, was printed by Lockhart in his famous "Life" of his father-in-law. . . When Lookhnrt was writing Sir Walter's bio graphy, only a few years after his death, he had the whole diary privately printed, and three copies were struck off, ono of which was given to Mr. Morritt, of Rokeby, and another to Dean Milman, who, with Lockhart, formed a secret committee for the purpose of deciding how much of the diary might then be published. . . Only a small part was ultimately printed in Lock hart's work, and Dean Milman and Mr. Morritt having returned their copies of the full diary to him he left them among his papers. . . . Tho entire diary may now appear without offending anybody, and very interesting it will be. It is a fact greatly to Lockhart's credit, and one not generally known, that he did not retain a shilling of the large sum which he received for the " Life," but he genevously gave the whole of it to the fund for the payment of Sir Walter'c debts, which were not finally settled until 1847, when there remained £25,500, of which £8500 was secured by a mortgage on the estate of Abbotsford and £10,000 was due to Cadcll, the publisher, who, in return for' the copyrights of Scott's works and of the " Life," paid off the mortgago and gave a receipt in full for his own claim, while Lockhart undertook to extinguish the odd thousand. Mr. Wm. Black, the novelist, tells a good story of the deadly stratagems of the autograph hunter. A friend of his used to write a letter to each of the persons whose autograph he coveted, describing himself as a shipowner, and asking their permission to be allowed to name his next vessel after the particular celebrity he was addressing. It' was a fatal trap. Nearly every one fell into it. Even poor old Carlyle had no suspicion, and in replying to the bogus ship owner expressed the hope that the vessel to be named after him might sail into a happier haven than he had ever reached. Fanny Keats, by marriage Señora Llanos, died at Madrid on 16th December after a short but painful illness—painful owing to the great vitality which she maintained at eighty-six. Her brother's letters to her, spread over five important years in their two lives, are among the brightest, manliest, and most unselfish letters ever addressed by a poet to his sister. . . . Fanny Keats married Señor Valentin Llanos, a Spanish gentleman who distinguished himself both in the diplomatic service of his country and in literature as the author of " Don Esteban" and "Sandoval the Freemason." Living in aflluence for many years at Madrid, Señor Llanos and his wife some years ago suffered pecuniary losses, owing to which Señora Llanos accepted a Civil List pension, gladly awarded to her by the late Lord Beacons field, in recognition of her brother's world-wide renown. Those who knew her and had seen the published portrait of poor young Thomas Keats, who died seventy-one years ago, can well understand the words which the poet wrote of his sister, " She walks about my imagination liko a ghost, she is so like Tom." Jules Verne, according to a Pall Mall inter viewer, writes and rewrites, and leaves little in his finally approved sheets that he first com posed. " I am now at my seventy-fourth novel," he said, "and I hope to write as many moro before I lay down my pen for the last time. I write two novels every year, aad have done bo regularly for the last thirty-seven years. I do so muoh every morning, never missing a day, and get through my yearly task with the greatest ease. I must tell you that I am very severe on myself, and that I correct and correct. The function of whetstone was never more rigorously performed by any author on his works than by me on mine. I often copy six or seven times before sending my copy to the printer, and then when the proofs come in I always find a quantity more corrections to be made. I don't believe in dashing off work, and I don't believe that work that is dashed off is ever worth very much." Jules Verne, it appears, is no longer able to go about the world and study localities for his journeys in fiction. An insane nephew four years ago sent a ball into his leg, and maimed him for life. He reads hard, however, and so gives an air of truth and probability to all his inventions. His habits are very simple, now that he is confined to a sedentary existence in the city of Amiens. In the morning he writes until breakfast—(the usual French meal at 11 or 12 o'clock, we presume)—is announced. Afterwards he visits a club, and in the evening he goes to the theatre with his wife. 