THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) :< fiiooiikssionv oró iuoijts,:-and oto iusaoraioKs. > SANDHURST, TUESDAY, NOV. 4, 1890. THE PUBLIC HEALTH, The people are-beginning slowly to realise that the public health is important,'that it ia subject to law, and 'that with .reference to it everything matters.: These;facti,so patent to.; a scientific man,.are. hard to grasp by -the average individual. But—though hard to grasp, they are not beyorid his rea,ch. Year after'year; aye, day after :day, the news papers are bringing 1 before the '/ ordinary reader, not merely, the experience 'of his town, shire or province, but the experience of the.. whole ■ country and .of distant lands. These things tell. It takes time. It heeds repetition almost to weariness, but they do tell. When Bendigonians hear of diphtheria at Caatlemaine or Heathcote, they know that it may be soon among themselves. Should that fell disease have broken out at Melbourne or Portland, the distance is known not to bo insuporable. Travellers pass everywhere and with them disease. The frequent visitations of typhoid ara teaching the Bame lesson—bidding each man fear that his turn is at hand. The days are gone when every household, hamlet, or glen rested in peace,sure that the diseases,rumors of which came to them from afar would never reach them and disturb the even tenor of their way. The iron rails scattered over' the country have proved a band and bond in more ways than one. Other things, too, have tended in the same direction. If every household had its own cow, and its own dunghill, aud its own well o£ water gurgling pure from the rock, there might be scarcely such a thing as public health or rather public dishealth. Men might lire without headaches or the other ills that flesh is huir to, and die of old age as they are said to do in some mountainous parishes in Scotland. But such a state of affairs is not and cannot be now. Often the young lad who left his rural home for the nearest town returns sick or convalescent, and carries with him seeds of disease to in fect others. And often, too, from the dirty rural dairy and the poisoned stockyard disease is sent to the towns. Thus it comes that no man can say he is secure, that each must look to himself and to his neighbors. The importance of this -subject can scar cely bo overrated. Let each reader of the newspaper look fyr the quarterly returns of deaths by the Registrar- General and observe the number given under zymotic and febrile diseases ; multiply that number by fifteen, and he will get approximately the number of cases of sickness, aud let him aay to him self that that bill is due to his own and every other person's ignorance or careless ness ^nd culpable untidiness. All are fami liar with reports of Melbourne's insanitation and its consequences. There is no need to ring the changes on that. Let us turn else where. Dr. Farr, Sydney, estimating as nearly as he can the deaths and sick nesses from preventive causes in that city, reckons that there is an annual loss there to the community o£ over one hundred thousand pounds. Taking larger cities that sum, large though it is, íb dwarfed. Thus Sir Lyon Playfair reckons that in 1887 Glasgow lost a week's work of over three hundred thousand adults from preventible sickness. Such facts as these, especially the frequent home coming of them, are bearing fruit. Tiiey are making men speak of preventible disease, and by-and-bye they will make men wonder that they were not prevented sooner. They can be pre- vented. That medical men say is the first fact for everyone to lay to heart; and the second, that they can be wholly prevented only by everyone laying it to heart. Care- fully and laboriously medical men have collected statistics and weighed evidence, and with one voice they assert that nations have themselves to thank for their fevers, small-pox, measles and such like. With one voice they assert that pure water, and plenty of it, sound food, fresh air, clean and dry soil are essential conditions for a nation's health. Sir Lyon Playfair gives some very encouraging statistics about con- sumption (phthisis), so long thought to be beyond the reach of medical skill. After the introduction of a proper system of sewerage, deaths from phthisis fell at Salis- bury 49 per cent., at Ely 47 per cent., at Rugby 43 per cent., at Banbury 41 per cent., And he asserts that while thirty years ago the life of the consumptive patient averaged only two years, it now averages eight—a result due not to improved drugs, but to better sanitary conditions—conditions within the reach of every town if it will pay for them. But the word pay opens up a wide field. For the pay means nob only cash, but carefulness, thoughtfulness, and some degree of trouble. In this country wo have not yot got beyond the influence of the j early days. Then men ulept under a gum ' tree and thought littlo about it; they boiled tiioir billy» snd jf thoy had not firat-elasa tea, thoy had healthy (boiled) water, and they had clean dry soil. So they drank their tea, ate their damper and mutton, and troubled not. Over them rested that spirit -which always whispered to them— " It will do; it is well enough, or it will last our timo." And that spirit remains among us still. It is to be met in every street and lane, in every work-5 shop and farmyard, in every gutter and in every cornfield. But that spirit will pass away, it is to be hoped, as the ghosts and fairies have done. For it really will not do to be easy going about what we eat or drink or wear. Still less will it do to.be easy going about what we cast from us. Farmers have an easy process of getting rid of foul seeds by the stripper and winiidwer, but they.are not got rid of, except for a. little time. There is no need to repeat here what has been said so often and what every cleanly and good housewife knows about milk aud butter and cfieese—that such things get tainted by smells even, not to speak of actual contact. No need to repeat, chat sewage is poisonous, though it has filtered through a hundred feet of Band and comes out clear. ■ No need to" speak of the value of fresh air and large well-filled luugs or of uncooked mutton and hydatids and cress in dirty watercourses—no need, because they have been spoken of so often. But there is" one thing .-that Sir Lyon Play fair brings out clearly, and about which evidence is daily accumulating, 'to which evidence Sydney has contributed some weighty items. And that is the importance of clean and dry soil for building and living on. That matter has nut received much at tention in the past, but it is evident that it will receive more, in the future. The proofs about the unhealthiness of swamps and .gar bage-filled holes and badly drained soil are" now overwhelming. It concerns a country man very little; he can choose a dry spot and raise his house far above the soil. But townsmen are in a different and serious position. They know little about the foundations of tho house they rent, and its underground drainage, and therefore this concerns the "city fathers." Dr. Gressweíl in his! report about Melbourne says :—" It cannot be too constantly borne in mind that dwellings which are damp, or ill-veutilated, of "which the interiors are unclean with tho condensed exhalations' of the inmates, of which the sites are damp and polluted, of which 'the. drainage' is such that tho air inside the building is contaminated with drain air, or aroiirid which the soil .js' suf fered to become increasingly''polluted are uuwholesomei" Clean and.. dry soil and fresh; air our predecessors of the "fifties" had and were healthy, and we - mus t seek the same. ' ¡. . ' •' '' - ' • i The. Railway-Traffic.—There was > large: number of passengers leaving Sandhurst for, Melbourne yesterday and in order to keep pace with the increased traffic four special 'trains, in addition to the ordinary;ones, had/to . be despatched. There were 455 passengers and the'receipts amounted to £182 8s 3d. These are very much aliead of last year's figures. ..¡jThe Golden-square Murder.—The woman, Catherine Whitford, , who murdered . her husband1-at , U olden-square a short time ago, jvill be removed to the Kew Lunatic Asylum this morning, in the custody- of Constables O'Farrell and W. Riley. It will be remembered that recently Drs. Hinchcliff and J. M. Eadié examined the accused in the Sand hurst.gaol, and found her to be a raving maniac. They: therefore recommended the .authorities to have her transferred to the Kew Asylum. Yes terday instructions were received to have her sent there forthwith. ; Invitation to the Governor.—The Bendigo Jockey Club have invited His Excellency the Governor-to visit Sandhurst on the occasion of their Spring Meeting,at Epsom on the 2Gtii and 27ch November. The Difficulty in the Tailoring Trade.— The troubles of the Tailoresses' Union have been brought rather prominently before the public during the; past two or three months, but at last it would appear,as if there is somé chance of a satisfactory understanding being arrived at between the tailoresses ¡¡nd their' employers, as negotiations are proceeding for a conference of delegates from the two bodies, to be held at an early date. In • order that our-, readers may rightly understand the position of aflairs it is perhaps necessary to give a short history of the case. When the Tailoresses' Union was first formed MrSmytbe, whowas thon. president, submitted a " log," which brought the masters together. The masters set aside this "log" as unworkable, butát was agreed amongst them'that it was desirablé that a uniform rate should be observed amongst them. Accordingly, they. obtafned a copy of the " log " in vogue in Ballarat,' which was" adopted .with one or two amendments to meet local requirements, the same to' start from the 1st of: September last. Work was carried on under this " log " for several weeks apparently with satisfaction to both sides, but owing to certain proceedings'on the part of Mr;- Scythe it was decided to reform the union under the .auspices of the Trades' and Labor Council. That body communicated with the Master Tailors' Association, and the latter body agreed to- hold over their final decision in reference to the " log" pending the council's decision in the matter. Correspondence passed between the two bodies, the main points in the terms sug gested by the Tailoresses' Union being that no non-unionist should bo employed, that .there should be only one apprentice to three competent workwomen, and that in regard to some hands there should be a slight increase in the wages paid. Since then the master tailors have met, and decided that the last mentioned stipulation was only a secondary matter, but with regard to the other two sucgestions it was decided that the masters could not agreo. A sub-committee was appointed to deal with the matter, and they have decided that a committee of three should be appointed to meet three delegates from the union to discuss the matter, and see if a satis factory arrangement cannot be arrived at. Tub Suppression of Locusts.—This plague, which.is gradually making itself more conspicu ous, especially in tho country districts, has led theEast Loddon ShireCouncil, as will bo noticed by advertisement elsewhere, to request the far mers and residents generally, to assist in the destruction of the locust pests on the 7th and 8th inst., those days having been set apart for such'purpose by the Minister of Agriculture. It is necessary that united action should be taken, the earlier the better, the pest already in various districts having commenced their work of des truction. Amongst other methods suggested are drawing a brush or chain harrow over the in fested parts, beating with branches, burning straw or driving sheep across those places where the locusts are considered to be moit numerous. The Palace Hotel Fires.—There was an important development yesterday in connection with the mysterious fires at the Palace Hotel (wires our Melbourne correspondent), when a plumber, employed in repairs, found in a water tank on the garden roof a bag belonging to Charles Kimber, arrested on the night of the 2nd October, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisoumont for illegal trespass on the premises. At tho time Kimber said he had gone to the hotel aud engaged a room, but as the bag could not be found, and he was under the influence of drmk, his statement was not accepted. To-day, when he learned his' b»f bud been found, Kimber swore an information against the late "boots" of the hotel, Oswald Twist, charging him with perjury. The accused was arrested aud lodged in the city watch houBe, and also charged with embezzliug 2s. Gd. alleged to have been paid by Kimber for a bed', and with wilfuliy setting fire to certain rooms in the hotel. The Late Senior Constable Sheridan.— The mortal remains of the late Senior- constablo Sheridan, of Heathcote, were brought to Sand hurst by train yesterday morning, and interred in the Back Creek cemetery. Amongst thoso who followed the remains to the grave woro Superintendent Ryall, Sergeant Fahey and other members of the police force. There were in addition to the members of the deceased's family a number of friends. The remains were interred in the Roman Catholic portion of the cemetery, and the Rev. Father Hogau officiated at tho grave. The mortuary arrangements were carried out undor tho supervision of Mr. W. H, Oakley, of Bridge-street. By advertise ment in aiiotlior column Messrs. Crabbc, Cohen aud_ Kirby, solicitors, request that any person having possession of, or knowing the where abouts of, tho will supposed to have been made by the deceased are requested to communicato with that firm. Obscene Language.—An old woman, named Emma Clark, otherwise known as "Snuffy," was given in charge by J. Cartwright, a resident of M'lvor-road, yesterday afternoon on a charge of using obsceue language. Constable O'Keefe lodged tho woman in tho lockup, and she will be brought before tho City Bench this morniu". The late Show:—We are requested to a tato that the money awarded at the Spring Show of the Bendigo Agricultural Society can now bo obtained on applying at tho office of Mr. H. M. Marks, the secretary. . The medals will not be available for about two weeks. Warden's Coujix.—There was no Bitting of this court ye?ter The Co- opekati vk Bakery. —A mo vemen t has been on foot for some time past, iu fact, ever since the bakers raised the price of bread from 3d to 6d, to establish a co-operative bakery, and mat ters, we are informed, have so far progressed that the bakery is likely before long to be an accomplished fact. Board of Adyice.—Several day3 ago an advertisement appeared notifying that the triennial elections in connection with the Sandhurst Board of Advice would be held at a future date, and yesterday was fixed as the day of nomination. Since then, however, the returning officer (Mr. Bailes) received a noti fication from the department cancelling tht instructions for the election, consequently no nominations were lodged yesterday. The elec tion to fill the vacancy caused by the removal from the district of Mr. J. Beveridge will be procesded with shortly. Hospital Sunday at In-ck,f.wood. — The annual collections in aid of the hospital {writes our correspondent) were made on Sunday, and proved a great success. Beautiful warm weather favored" the appeal of the committee of management, and the liberal response made by the public must be deemed highly satis factory. At 3 p.m. the Borough Brass Band and members of the local friendly'Societiea assembled at the office of the secretary Tand marched to the hospital grounds, where the usual divine service was conducted by the Rev. R. Hayward. The collection amounted to £'22, some £2 above last year. In addition to this over £10 was obtained at the Roman Catholic Church,;and £4 at the Wesleyan Church. The collections from other churches and the Salvation Army have yet to come in. The, whole.of the.committee were indefatigable in their efforts to obtain the coveted coin, and they are to be congratulated on such pleasing recognition at the hands of those who attended. During the afternoon the following pieces were rendered by Marryat's band and highly appreciated;—"The Captain" (grand march), ".Life's a: Bumper" (glee), " Schevalicrs " (fantasia), " Asyure Lake " (fantasia), " Falka " (selection). Those attend ing the service spoke in most flattering terms of the pretty appearance oi the gardens. The grounds fronting the main building are neatly planted >vith. a variety of shrubs, .flowers, etc.', ; but a visitor has only to inspect the allotment adjoining the superintendent's quar ters to realize what may be easily accomplished by a little judicious care and attention to .flori culture, for which, the district is so strikingly adapted. .The several beds, have been most artistically'laid out,'and amongst innumerable plants may be noticed a rich variety of clematis, roses, petunias and many others, all of which tend 1 to add additional attractions to the beautifying of the gardens. It should be men tioned that in tho centre there is a magnificent orange tree (a seedling) planted about 10 yeara' ¡ago. jit is fully 14 feet in height, and last season bo e 150 lucious oranges, some of which were over lib in weight. Every credit is due to the superintendent and mutroj, Mr. T. J. Bowie and Mrs. Purcell, for the unique display of flowers, which plainly show ,'thfcitf jevery care and attention has been bestowed upon them. Traffic Returns.—The Victorian Railways traffie returns for week ending i 30th October, 1890, show the'following results :—The number of miles open were 2,609, as against 2,177 for the corresponding week in 1889. Total, returns for the week ending 30th October^ '¿57,409 5s; for corresponding period of 1889,L61,868 10s 2d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, 1890, L997.663; for corrcsponding'period -of' 1889, L9S0,240 2d. Weekly average for eighteen .weeks, L55.425 14s 5d; for corresponding period of 1889, L54.457 15s lid. From Kingower.—Another of the "wel come strangers" was unearthed at this place recently (writes our Inglewood correspondent) by Mr. Joseph Jenkins, weighing 130 ozs. The lucky finder appears to be particularly fortunate as this is the third nugget he has found within a few years. The other two weighed 86 and 27 ozs respectively. Visitors to the Museum.—According to tho record of Mr.J. B. Lillie Mackay, the number of persons who visited the Museum during the month of October, was 4,149; the number is collated as follows:—The first 4 days, 613; the three complete weeks, 779; 1,579 and 645 respectivtly, the last five days, 533\. This represents! an average 'of abóút Í43 persons per day. During the month the museum was visited .by Mr. and Mrs. Mac kenzie, of New Zealand, Mr.'J. ;H. Cunningham and Mr. J. VV. Nedwell, of Ballarat, and Mr. J. Brown, of Auckland, New Zealand. Lecture.—The Rev. E. Turner ..delivered a lecture in the United Methodist JVee Church, Calviii-street, last evening, on his recent trip to England. The Rev. Mr. Riding occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The lecturer dealt with his subject in a masterly manner, and his remarks, which were atten tively listened to throughout, were both in teresting and instructive. He will deliver the same 'lecture in the Ironbark Church this evening. Tiié Mallee -Lands.—Nob-thfr least-remark able feature in connection with the successful administration of the Mallee A.ct" (says the "Age") is the extraordinary change that lias taken place in a few years in .the estimate of 1 the t alue of mallee lands for agricultural pur poses. It is ,not; very, long since the mallee territory ,was regarded i as absolutely' 'waste lands. The success that has been' achieved since then in dealing with the land may . be judged from a return prepared in the Lands Office. The area of mallee land under lease is shown tobe no less.than 7,235,¿Í26 acres, out of which, allotment's, ;bhe mile square," and embracing' á total of 2,536,859 acres have lieen granted to individual selectors. A. large area of lanjd has: been selected between the Horsham and tne Wárracknabeal districts, especially on the Yarria'mbiack Creek as far as Lake Coorong. Midway between Lake Coorong and Lake Hind marsh an area of 160 square miles has been selected in allotments a mile square. A similar class of pioneering settle-nent ha» taken place in the Bishop and Tyrell Creek districts, and before long they will all be "adding largely to the wheat producing power of tha colony. The difficulty of the mallee scrub having been over come, it is not surprising that an 'eager desire is shown by settlers to take up land. In the case of a block recently divided into 40 allot ments theré were 850 applications,- but this has been comparatively overshadowed "in the case of three other blocks which have been cut up into 72 allotments, and for which there are 1,132 applicants. - • " . i ■ . Notice of Removal.—Attention' is, directed to Mr.' G. C. Evans' advertisement in another column in which it is notified that he has re moved from his old quarters at Pyke's corner, and will in future carry on business in View Point, adjoining Dr. Jamos Boyd's surgery, and at Loridan's buildings, also at Nos. 8,10 and II .Eastern Arcade, Melbourne. " The Illustrated Sydney Mail" is to hand and it is full of pleasing illustrations -relating to notable persons and places chiefly of Aus tralian subjects. The reading matter is most varied and interesting. "Electricity with experiments" is the subject set down for the Congregational Mutual Improvement! Association this evening, to which visitors are in-, vited. The chair will be taken at 7.30. It was Mr. N. Wimble, of Melbourne, who con ducted the morning anniversary services of the Golden-square Wesleyan Sunday school on Sun day last, not the Rev.. W. Williams, as was stated in yesterday's issue. • ' Th " city baths are open to the public under the lesseeship of C. Wood, hairdresser, of Mitchell street. They will doubtless be well patronised during the summer.month >. The monthly meeting of the Bendigo Mining Managers' Association will be held in the Eagle- hawk Mechanics' Institute to-morrow evening at half-past seven o'clock. Applications are invited from persons willing to undertake the duties of secretary to the forth--, coming sports gathering at. Sandhurst- Full particulars can be had on application to the hon. secretary. . The; annual meeting of the Marong Shire Council is convened for,Tuesday, the 18th iuat., at the Shire Hp.11, L ickwood. The Eiglehawk Quadrille Assembly will close •thrir season with'a grand ' all to-morrow evening in tha Masonic Hall. It is notified in our advertising columns that owing to iUness and declining years Mr. J. W. j Burrows has been compelled to dispose of his old established and well-known Phoenix: printing and ; book-binding works in Williamson-street. The purchasers are Messrs. Bolton Bros., who request | a continuance of the patronage bestowed en thoir predecessor. All accounts due to Mr. Burrows must be paid tu him personally or to tho Messrs. Bolton before the 22nd lost. Attention is directed to an advertisement in another column by Messrs. Henry Jackson and Co., the well-knowu ironmongers and importers, iron and wire merchants, of View Point. Mr. Barker notifies that the new "Quarterly Family Reader" h^s arrived. Mrs. S. Brnhn, View-street, opposite tho Art Gallery, uotifies ahe has ica cream, strawberries aud cream, superior wines and confectionery. Mr. H. Carter, Marouff, announces that he is the agent for the Massey binder, which hai provtd to he so superior a machine in may field trials. A public trial will shortly be given at Marong. Messrs. Power, Rutherford an 1. Ci., auctioneers, notify tlie sale of 500 store bullocks at Echuca on Friday, the "1st inat. i Messrs. R O'Neill and Co , auctioneers, ad- j vevtiso the sale, of 17:~> acres of grazing land at Shelbourne on Saturday next at tho Victoria Hotel. The same firm also u itify that they will submit for sale by public auction at the same time and place 120 acres of freehold land at Goornong, two miles from the raiiway station. Messrs. J. Watson and Co., auctioneers, notify by advortisement that they will, on Saturday, Sth inst.. at Elmore, sell without reserve 1,000 ewes, 2,000 wethers, 500 ■ crossbred ewes and 500 aged merino ewes, 