TRINITY COLLEGE HOSTEL. By Qoeen Bee. The memorial Btone of the "Janet Clarke Buildings," Trinity College Hostel, was laid by the Countess of Hopetoun on Monday afternoon, in the presence of a very large gathering, including Sir William and Lady Clarke, Miss Clarke, Sir Mathew Henry and Lady Davies, the Bishop of Melbourne, Lady and Miss Murphy, Mrs. and Miss Snodgrass, Lady Michie, Dr. Pearson, Professor and Mrs. Leeper, ProteBSor Morris, the Dean of Melbourne, Dr. and Mrs. Madden, Mrs, A. Landale, Mrs. Deane Pitt, Miss Hammill, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. W. Wilmott, the Rev. J. F. Stretch, the Rev. Horace and Mrs. Tucker, Mrs. and Miss Holroyd, Miss Moles worth, Dr. Brownless, Mrs. and Miss Templeton, Mr. and Mrs. Henty, and others.. The attendance was evidently much larger than was expected, for the small platform that had been erected could only accommodate j a fourth of the people who were invited, and the consequence was that very little could be Been or heard of what was going on, and to most people the proceedings were only so much dumb show. This hostel is the outcome of a desire on the part of the authorities of Trinity College to establish a home for women students attending the lectures. In the beginning, a house was rented in the neighbourhood of the college wherein women might ex perience the benefits of life in com mon. The men- students of Trinity, by the performance of a Latin play, raised sufficient funds to defray house-rent and other expenses for a time. Lady Loch was its first visitor, and assisted it all she could in its infancy, and she was helped in the best of all ways by Lady Clarke and Lady Davies, the former donating £5,000 towards the erection of the building and the latter £2,000 as the nucleus of an endowment fund. £1,500 more iB wanted in order to permit of the college starting, quite free of debt either for building or furniture, and the authorities are sanguine that this amount will be speedily forthcoming. Miss Hensley, one of the first students at Newnham, has been chosen the first directress ot the "Victorian Girton," and she is well qualified for the office, as she adds to vatied intellectual attainments a wide educational experience and ardent enthusiasm for woman's culture. The ceremony of laying the memorial stone wag. performed by the Countess, who said—"I name these buildings now in course of erection the Janet Clarke Buildings, and I pray that true religion and useful learning may here and for ever flourish and abound, and I declare this stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Both the Earl^and Countess seemed re markably well, the latter looking elegant in a black lace dress over which was worn a Louis XV. jacket of dark emerald green velvet, possibly in honour of St Patrick's Day, simple black bonnet trimmed with an Alsatian bow of black watered silk ribbon. Much effect was added to the scene by the brilliant gowns of Sir William Clarke, Dr. Madden, the Bishop, the Dean, Dr. Brown-, less, Dr. Leeper, and also by the academic costume of the male and female students. After the ceremony a nice cup of tea was served in the college hall,to which the way was led by Sir William and Lady Clarke, with the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun, aud Sir Mathew Henry and Lady Davies. 