Rosamond. A TALE OP NOKMANDY. CHAETESIV. SetttSxAe-t xarnnrnTeA tbg^mcst— More he would have eaad; bat Mb heart tcb& fall nut liis accents PaJtered^iuadpaTiBed.xHjJiialipa. ^ Few rMek, eegpeeially ytrang men, care to be ' oujrij^ffiEEied *wiiui a 1^'^^^ /*lTir^ ? flnd £&wor; .stul arscgmt theons^Fes-of~f2te JBi^pouKi^nniiieB -eirfcailed. * by soul a chsase as did Plre EmaanueL. By trrmweuij ' and a' 'wirming T»i5»3rnflT peculiarly 1r?g own, lie had seetroed hgr obedience and aiSeefcion from &e;£rst^ and her winsome ^rays made her the pet of -the-iwo hcEaseholda. Aime, the nurse, . declared tT-5d: .between their 'reVBreiiees and the servants she woold be quite spoiled. Whenever TVTnTtgignrw returned frrtTn a journey, a-corner of . itTg caniEte^ 'would be laden- wiflx gimeEaeks for Eoss^^^whose eyes- would sparMe like stamas te stroked her lotrer -chestnut curls, call her his petiie onge, jand do his best to sp»il her. Sut her guaxdjan retained the nrst-place inJifif affectioiiB, as tibe least observant might know. J2m.foTrn,»ri)pmni}iA Ifgnmhar- newwL Uiys, her pet pnssy, iifir-faa«-ritsjgaanes, and, when lie visited his parishioners axound Delmaine,- would be on thewsfcch for his return, with eyes sfaazp as a hawk's; and, no sooner would his black-robed form appear in the valley below, than away she \Btf\Tiiii l3o?uid. with, iier Ion? cotjs pjrp^ft***1**^ iti the- ait, to meet him, aad the clasp of her small asms, pressure of her soft hps, and the joyous chatter and laughter which rippled from her rosebud of -a- month -during the short walk home were enough to dispel duskier clouds x of care i:Tin.Ti TtftpaTorl g.-rnriTiri him, 'I'm sore, Anne,' she would say to her nurse# sdih mneh solemnity, ' I never could have loved my own papa as I love Fere Emanuel !' Herinstruction was under his supervision ; and one of his greatest pleasures was the task of forming hernnnd; and so entirely did she en twine herself around his heart that, deprived of her beaming eyes, caressing lips, and voice as sweefc and fresh as spring flowers, he felt life would now be ^dreary indeed; and tried his best to ignore a certain shadow looming in the dis tance — a separation of three years ! This was in accordance with a' wish of her father's that she should be placed at a certain school in England for a term of three years; an arrangement Rosa mond was yet ignorant of. Bob ward's progress in music was very unsatis factory to P&re; j^manuel ; nor did he spare his iensure.^ 'Ifs no use, Pere Emanuel/' she would retort, 'I shall never play welL Plodding through those tiresome exercises, day, after day, is bo stupid. Besides, what's the use, when I shall always have you to listen to ?' And she wonders at the troubled look and deep sigh which respond to her careless words. The seasons revolve, until Bosamond's fifteenth birthday is reached, and with it the ,mosfc trying ordeal Pere 'Bmnn-nftl has yet experienced. The ever present thought of the void her absence would create was harrowing enough; but added to this he had to contend with rebel lious outpourings, misconstarued motives, and 3tinging' reproaches. ''Why will you insist upon fuxnAing me away Per© Emanuel?' she would sob passionately. 'Am' I not happy enough witiiyou? It is un Modand cruel of you.' ' I hope, indeed, that you have been happy, Rosey,' he rejoins rather huskily, as a quick retrospect flanT^og through T-th mind. ' Tf*™ why make me miserable by sending mo away?' '-' JHy dear child, you know it was your father's wish that ? ** 'But papa would never have wished me to go, if he could have known how the very thought of it breaks my heart !' and wild sobs nearly choked her utterance. 'Boseyl BoBey! why will you not be reason able V he says, drawing her to him, himself deeply agitated by her distress, and. this evidence of pere affection. ' You do not view the matter as you ought to.' 'Oh, I think I begin to understand how it is now/' she says, drying her eyes with her pocket handkerchief. 'You're tired of me, that's it, and you want to be rid of me/' speaking rapidly.. 'Well, you shall have your wish, I will go ; and when your hear that Fm dead you'll be satis fied ; ' then, suddenly throwing her arms around his neck, and with her great eyes full of love and pleading, she coos in a voice scarce above a whisper, 'could you bear to let me go right sway from tou, Pere Emanuel ?' A qmcfc upheaval of the chest and a lnmpm the throat which threatens suffocation, follow this whispered interrogation as Pere Emanuel turns abruptly away to hide the effects of her words upon him, and to wrestle with a wild des perate yearning to yield to her wishes; and so end their mutual misery ; and for some moments only Bosamond's sobs and quivering sighs are heard. But during that time Pere Emanuel' s composure has returned sufficiently to enable him ?with firmness to say — ' My dear Bosamond, you must try to overcome tViTf» weakness. You know it was your father's dying wish that you should go to England; and I always revere such wishes I' And Bosamond, well knowing that f ft-^hftr ramfm^artpg would be useless, turns from him, vainly trying to stifle the sobs which well nigh rend her breast. A. few days later a steamboatalongside the pier at Delmaine gives indications of a start. Bells clang, sailors shout, luggage is being hauled on board; and above all the clamor sounds the shrill whistle of escaping steam. Presently, P&re; Emanuel, Mrs. Leigh, and \- Bosamond. make their way to the pier ; Anne fol lowing with wraps, &c.; Bosamond's face is very tpale; and the eyes whieh glance wistfully up at her guardian are heavy and sad. She fancies he looks unusually stern, as she has seen him look years aco when she had been naughty ; and the recollection brings with it memories whieh add much to her wretchedness, as she turns her misty eyes drearily over the sea — so soon to part them —and feels that for her, happiness is over! \- Mrs. Leigh is in high spirits at the prospect of re-visiting old scenes and friends; and for once Pere- Emanuel eulogises (mentally) the gift of volnbleness which has been lavishly bestowed upon the governess. \- Bosamond lias made several: attempts to say something to her guardian; but her voice does not seem under control. So she is silent; and the steamboat is reached just as the tumult iB at is highest. ? Pere Emanuel gnaws bis lip, and fervently wishes the parting over. Suddenly a bell rings, followed immediately by a voice warning visitors that the vessel is about to start ; and Bosamond summons up what remnant of firmness she can command, to speak the words which must be spoken. ' I suppose it is to hefavetodl, Pere Emanuel ?' she sayB, falteringfy, with the ghost of a smile upon her lips. ' I know I'm not to come back any more. You're sending me away for ever I' and She fairly breaks down. 'Rosey*!' he«ays, brusquely, moved as he was sever moved before. ' Do you think I wooldever - have submitted to this, if I had not felt it a . saered dutjyf Come, come, my pet. You J are ' spoiling your -eyes/' And with lips tremblrng llke-a woman's, he tried his best to soothe her by telling her how quickly the time will glide by an England. ** I quite expect you to write for an extension ©| leave/* he adds, trying to make Hgfrihpf iifop :paxiiog, 'In fact, I shouldn't be 1 cnmxrisBd if you forget yonr lOelmaine frjends, 3Ba4,«fceo*e Esglaj»lf or joax fuinre basae J' «OJv»Sf #)pp mean Uwfc, ¥&e; fjmftnuel, howr JitSe yon Isptow me f she rejoins witii a look yhjffo lirarotgirimjortnanj » day, 'Ton may forget »w ; frat I will never, newer, forget you, pr, dear old Bebnaine/'shB acLdB-vitii fervor. ^ ' T3ie eventfeil -moment .comes at last. 'Two trembling ^aads meet In «|ong warm elasp/; y^rejawaailiei stopjps to press- Jris lips uponti^; brow jot We^eaeuxfihe, is about to lose, when! Eoflambnalttda^ythrows h«re axma aconndhlB : ^eckj^idaB their lips meet in' » humeel kiss,. ?* 'God bless my.Uttle Bose.' ' ? CHAFTEB V. Great Joy be proniis'd to his thongbts, and new Solace in her letuni so long delay'd. Yet oft Mb heart' divine of someuung ill ? Misgave Mm. . . V: During the first year of his ward's absence Pere Emanuel made several journeys to England ? red4etter days to Bosamond. But in the early part of ijie second year Mbnsignor Lorenzo died; - and, as it had long been the old man's wish 'that in the event of his death nis nephew might suc ceed him at St. Magdalen's, he had secured the Trwm.ng to this end before he died. Monsignpr Lorenzo left ih.e whole of his wealth to various charities, except the ancestral home at Como, which, ne bequeathed to Jiis nephew ; and he urged him with his latest breatii to devote himself entirely to the holy cause, in' which he (Monsignor), had, he beKevedii labored so success fully. , ' The duties entailed by this change rendered Pere EmanneFs absence from his diooese imprac ticabls. -fio the war^andjguacdian.did not meet again 'during Bosamond's .stay in England. The change, however, did not affect their correspondence, which was kept up .with the - greatest regularity. Bosamond's letters, were in the form of a diary ; and, no ? matter how tired after a day's pleasure or nighfs amusement, she neverseemedtoo fatigued to add a few lines to the.diaxy. Every letter concluded with a yearning wish for the term of her banish- ? ment — as she called it — to expire, that ehe 1T'g*it . return again to dear Delmaine.' Those|treasured epistles! Were they not read and re-read until he knew them word for word? As he lingered hungrily over some fond rend-*: niscence of their old. days together, some inci dent whieh displayed the depth and stability of her affection, he would ask himself how many in bis position were blest like him ! Strangely enough, he never asks himself whether the intense yearning to find* her un changed owes its origin solely to paternal re gard. Whether the feeling of unalloyed satisfac tion that she has formed no attachment during her absence which might influence her feelings toward him, is quite compatible with his relation as guardian. Strange that it never occurs to him to bringhimself to task for allowing his thoughts to dwell so continuously with her, even to the infraction of important duties ! So supremely, continually, happy is he in the anticipated re union that he is oblivious to all else. Bud and blossom, yellow, leaf and sapless branch, succeed each other as the seasons come and go;, and on a certain sunny day in June, a tall, dark-robed figure faces Hue pier at Delmaine with buoyant steps, and eager expectant eyes — eyes whiGh seem glued to an object which leaves a Jong -Vt1t trail behind it-as it ploughs the crested waves, and glides toward the wharf. The dark-robed form is that of Pere Emanuel. lie is waiting to welcome Bosamond to her home jisrain! Yesj Bosamond's probation is ended; and Pere EmanueFs beatific anticipations are realised as he clasps her queenly form for one moment in his arms ! Delmaine is litile changed. The yellow sands, the blouse-dad forms, the ivy- covered cixurch, pier, red-roo£ed houses, glittering sea — au, all are what they were three years before, and ward, and guardian, too ; are they the same? Ah me ! ... . Long'before wayward, rebellious Bosamond had bidden her sad adieus to Delmaine, her fnT'- and features had^given promise of a grace and beauty dangerous to the peace^of such of mankind as ventured within their precincts. The promise has borne fruit ; and Pere Emanuel is bewildered by the transformation, as he glances furtively, at the shapely form beside him. Mrs. Leigh, looking older and more careworn — is as usual the £ood genius who keeps a spark of life in the con fersatk-n during their walk from the pier to St. Magdalen's. \- Akd now a fortaight has elapsed since Bosa raond''3 ^return, during which the ward and ?Mt*i!-ii«!.n hw. visited all their old haunts : and are returning home by their favorite walk along the beach, when they are made the subject of the remarks of the Englishman seated on the balcony of the ch&let; on the evening on which our story opens. . ,' They stand for a while — Pere.Emanuel and his ward — fa/».mgr the sea; and, as the priest looks down at the face beside ^?'?'iJ an idea which had occurred ix- ^?»t' more than once since her return recurs. Bosamond is not as joyous as of yore ! Of course her manner would naturally be more subdued than in the days of careless, mercurial childhood. But a look of sadness has, somehow, found it way into the peerless eyes ; and his brows knit closer as he Tn^Vag a rough guess at the cause. During her absence she has found other ties then; has lived a life in which he has had no place Of course it, must have come to this some time or other I A day will come when she will leave Viim, to enrich another with what has made life so dear to him ; and an indefinable feeling urges him to ascertain whether the first blow which is to sever their lives has already been dealt. They resume their walk ; and, as it is yet early, they turn into the church for an hour's practice. Bosamond's voice had gained much in depth and expression during those three years, and adds a potent charm to those she already possesses; and as the full rich tones swell out in Chemblin's ' Ave Maria,' and the organ's deep diapason, under Pere EmanneFs -tonch, trembles through the edifice, filling it with sublime har snony, while the mellowing sunlight stealing through the quaint ivy covered windows, lights up the gloomy organ gallery. Pere EmanueFs ravished senses revel in the realms of a bliss unknown before ; and the harassing doubts which had beset himare banished from his mind. Sufficient unto the day is the evil there of, Why torture himself with possibilities which might only .exist in his brain P And, even if ' they should exist, why not drain his cup of happiness to the dregs ? And when the time comes for hi'» to resign his treasure ? ?* The sea is like burnished gold as they leave the chapel ; and they stand for some moments to watch the changing tints as the sun sinks toward the looming headlands. The daily frequenters are slowly dispersing from the sands ; and the Marsellaise comes softly borne upon the breeze from some fishermen gliding toward the pier. After a long silence Pere Emanuel glances at the clear cut profile of his companion, and again observes the dreamy, far-away look. ^Delmaine is a quiet place. Dull too, is it notf' he says, with some abruptness. ,,.. 'Dull!' with a surprised look in the upraised eyes, 'any one with a preference for city life might think it dull, perhaps ; but surely you don't .think so, Pere Emanuel P' . ' I ? No. But are you sure that you don't 9' 'Pere Emanuel!'' with a puzzled, reproachful look, 'there is no place in the whole world as pretty and as dear to me as Dehnaine,' This enthusiastic response sounds passing sweet in the guardian's eats; but not yet satisfied; be ?says^ — ' But how About the people ?' 'The people?' she repeats, with an amused smile. ' What do you mean P' 'I mean,' fi^g a penetrating gaze upon her, ' are the~people of Dehsaineaa dear to you as any in i£e world?' 3jl Jminstant face fmdajeckaxeoreiispread with a crimson glow, rendering farther prpof unneces sary &at; his conjecture is top well grounded, he this&s.; Sbestammerp som^tlimff m rap1''*, *'' ': perforates the ground witii her parasol, and another t-»jtbq occurs. The Marseillaise has ceased; and «sly the splash, splash, of the waves, and the deep-mouthed baying of Madame Seynaud's watchdog, greeting some new visitor, are heard. * ' So you have found someone o5«CDrthere/'poi»t 3ngseawBard,'^ouwereBOBPytoleave-ehP' ?rQh/yes/' with . sudden animation, **T-nare were &s; Spencers— those nice $iz3a I wrote to jnm about*-ia,nd Marion Leslie, and— rT ;. :i ^ *'^o* doubt/' jnterirupSnghejf. 'Toniegrettei}, jlea#og i&wwe;, ^Bot iwJjo-wae $he fosfen^fo he wfa- ; -5«is&alau;^uBh. upp%you3?fatfe just now?' ho ^8i^ jwa». -yttf ^ft^ fenj&v; taflftg^ to jouc ^wBa^fet: Sorely yon need /not be ^thamed to tell your guardian who it is?' '' r ? ' . . ' 'Oh, Pere Emanuel ! Pray don't speak like that. Indeed you are 'mistaken j' and the melting eyes are getting suspiciously bright. ; They walk on ^^ in silence ^until tiiey reach a rock-cut seat beneath some overhanging .trees — a favorite spot in the old days—^and they seat themselyes on the moss-grown stone., The strong breeze blowing in from tne sea scatters a shower of yellow leaves ; and'Per6 Emanuel removes his hat to shake off those which have lodged there, and to cool his massive brow with the soothing element. . : ? The wide rolling main is dull, and leaden-hued enough now ; and the heathlands look shadowy through th&hazy; surf. Very differentthehill oppo site, wherestandsth&cMiei;, which,fromitselevated position, is favored with the sun's parting-salute, whieh gives it the appearance of' an iUnminated fairy palace ; its windows /^n-g^WTig to behold.' 'Villagers and pleasure votaries have sought their homes ; and only one solitary blouse-clad figure, bending beneath the weight of- a lobster pot on one side, and a net on the other, is visible. Pere Emanuel: replaces his hat,' and, turning to hirward, said — 'Bosamond !' — how musically th&name-sounds; ftv»m big lips ; 'during the years we have been' together, this is the first time you have withheld your confidence from me. That you have bestowed your affection, I feel assured ; and in a matter of such moment, it behoves me to exercise the . authority I possess as your guardian, to ascertain whether your choice 'is a felicitous one or not. It therefore rests with yourself whether you satisfy me upon this point ; or I will Apply to TW'tr. Laigh. 'Your strange reticpnog leaves me no alternative but to conclude that the object is unworthy/' - ' Oh no ; too worthy, . much too worthy/* BosamoiuLhastily replied. Thrown off her guard by this unexpected attack, she becomes painfully confused. ' . 'Too worthy? Impossible.' And a sudden craving arises within him to know something of the man who has robbed him of the jewel so highly prized. For some moments both are silent; and ho makes a mental retrospect of ~ her letters in the hope of arriving at some clue. But, fa.iiiTig in this he returns to the charge. 'You admit that I am right about a — a particular friend ov-er there. Why then with hold his name ?' he asks, outwardly calm, but filled with what he thinks is the just Resentment of the guardian at what he conceives to be a clandes tine engagement. ' Pere Emanuel. ? You don't know how you distress me!' and she turns her large eyes, Jtike those of a hunted deer, beseechingly upon him. ? 'It is you who distress me by acting a part altogether foreign to you. Why don't you tell me what I must' know sooner or later, and have done with this nonsense ?' he asks with a vehemence which startles her. A silence only broken by Rosamond's stifled sobs foEows. Suddenly he turns toward her, and with eyes softened until their expression blends harmoniously with his whispered tones, says^ — ' Only tell me who it is, Bosey, and Fll do my best to secure your happiness.' And he takesthe little trembling hand in both -his strong ones. Poor Bosamond turns her flushed face toward him, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, says ' I can only tell you this, Pere Emanuel. The ? the person you are speaking of knows no thing of my ? my love, and never wilL I know this is a most T^iynriiinijTig pnnfosginp ; but TOU compel me to make it. And now pray believe me when I tell you that I desire nothing more than to stay here with ? with you always.' The latter part of the confession hadbeen made with downcast face, and the bent head of Pere Emannel, eager to drink in every word, nearly touched her face ; and as he watched the sensi tive lips and longwet !»»!-?*« which veiled the un fathomable eyes, he marvelled much at the sort of man who could remain insensible to the --ha.Trmp of such a face. Not long, . however, did he indulge in this forbidden reverie. fler earnest assurance that she desired nothing more than a resumption of the old life with him, though far from convincing him that she would be as happy as of yore, was still sufficient to allay his most harassing suspicions, and in some measure tranquilise Viip mind; and, as land and sea grew indistinct in the deepening twilight his voice was heard again. ' : 'Don't think me despotic, Bosey,' it says; 'your happinesss is of the first importance with me, as you must know. And, now that you have assured me that you will be contented with the old life here with me, the subject which has dis tressed us both so mnch shall* do so no more.' And heraisesthe little hand to his lips, wondering the while why he should not yield to the yearning ?.vkLeh prompts him to salute the red lips so temptingly near his own instead. Oh, blind Franciscan ! With all thy ken, thy stady of thy race, its pangs and passions; the most profound, most potent of them all remains unsolved! (to be continued.) 