tRoveliet. {The Secret Gliamber; I THE GIPSY S VENGEANCE. 1 > * 1 ? 1 I CHAPTER XXVIL—(OoHTiirtmD.) | By Elixa A. Dupuy, iAutntr *f"Tht Outlaw's Bridt," " Tht | WTilt* T*rr*r," O-t., Av. J M Ethel's fears began to oommunio&te; fM themselves to those- aroand her, when |f tha bustle of an arrival was heard. In a || few moments, Gerald, glowing with and happiness, entered the room gt? in whiah the family nu gathered, aooom -gpanied by hie frlond, Edmund Bertie, ?vsj who soon found hia way to the aido of ; -;!Alio?, and the blushing reoeption ahe ?; gave him showed that the prepossession ?;;?; on her aide was at least a< itrong aa on ??'/I his* :?? Gerald olaaped hia betrothed to hia ; : -J manly heart, and whispered : rit.!, I, *! more to &?**? n>7 dearest jaatnsu. A few more hours, and you gi will be mine by th? most stored of all fi ties." iS| She raised her eyea to his, in whfoh Si lore and trust wore mirrored, and replied is in the same tone : '1 ? Ye *.' fo ? T " yours—yonrs in heart i$ and soul. Oh I Qorald, nothing oan part sSi us now." r ..j Suddenly Ethel remembered tho strange ,3 colloquy she had held through the win '?s dow, and she drew Gerald usido, and >J-Jt asked : *-3 ** Did yoc moot a mcseonger who ii oiime hither In a mysterious manner to ;| aoe you I I accidentally saw him ?| through the window, and spoke with him. ,, a " That wan a singular proceeding on -?; such a night as this. I have not aoen any one on the road. Did he say he would ~i seek mc ?" \j " Yes. Hβ eaid hia moseage was of tiuoh ? : .l importance that hu muat go on the road ii to meet you." h "The inclemency of the night must, S then, have driven him to Book shelter :| before we came along. His news oould j not have been of much importance, U; or he would not have failed to deliver :; ; it." >'i " Perhaps not j but he seemed very .?> much in earnest." ? Gerald musod a moment and then i eatd : Ji "It must have concerned himnolf, : i then, for I am expecting no news that ...? oan mar the perfoct happiness of this ioy -3 ful reunion. Dear JEtliel, I have labored if, for you, and Hoaven has blueaod my ex ;c3 ortions. I hold in my grasp the fruition || (if long yoars of toil, and all I have now S to do ia to enjoy the supreme linppiness H I have won with a thankful hcurt to tho g Giver of all good. Tho aottlomonts are M completed, and to-morrow we will bo I married. Thus tliu bleaaed Cl.ristmus t sunsnn will bo twice hallowed to mo " I Ethel would luivo putitiomri fora do- I ay of a few dayn, but G.rald remindod I lior that ho lmd already eubmittud to I niony ; that hor tniuasp.-tu was pr. iiarod I and averythiiiK in rcadinuns, and whore- I foro defer thoir uuiun for v a iturli. rlnu ? § Sho finally yielded, .Jh. w Z M K m the groups around the (ire that the p Christmas bells would also ring the peal ig for their marriage. They reoelved the 1 "5 r i? 00 , n 8? tu '?"o?a of thoir friends, ?,;| ?na Qerald went out among the tenants, s>l and eftt* informing them of the ap -;J proMhiug oaremony, requested their pre : ;t iionoe ati the parleh ohuroh on the follow -4 ing morning. :: Boon after they di?pereed to their vj homes, and Gerald returned to the room j1 in whloh the famUy wan oolleoted, where ??? n? found ? ooay snpner served, with the }}. ?ooompattlmeiit? of egg nog and mulled wine. The bowls that oontalned them wero wreathed with mistletoe, and when tho mewy meal was ended, Alieo took the wr*ath fiom one of thorn, and. plac ing II oa Ethol'e hosd, ohanted some old rhymea whioh h*d struck her ' f eaoy: " On OhrLitmaa Hva lb? balls were rang : On Ohriilmas Bye Sho mais was suns ; Thai onlrnight In ail tho year Baw las utolod priest the shalioo roar; Thtdamnel donned her klrllo sheen ; Xh? haU was dressed with holly gteon ; Vona to th* woods did merry men bo, To eatba in the mistletoe; Tbt? opined wide the baron's haU To vassal, Isoanl, serf, and all." "Wo have oarrled out the programme pielty well, Ethel, oonsldorlng that we lire in soea dojonernte times; and now ttati we may oot out our own noaaonco, vita ao stranaere to oriUoUs as, 1 wUh to ? fa?Mey o< ay own," "You may ba sure of an appreciative audionco. Alico wont on with smiling gravity : "The name by which this plant is known in Germany is dr.r mistel, and thu pooplo of Holsteiu call it tho branch of tho epoctres. Thoy boliovo that if a per son has norvo enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoko the spirit of tho dead, hu v ill ueo the one of whom'he thinks arise botoro him. If ho wills to do so, he can speak with thu epeclre." " But, ray diar Alice," said hor father, "this steiiu to mo a Billy tampering with things too Bolomn to bo lightly regarded. Bosidos, it is most unsuitable to thu fes tival wo havu jutt oulobratod. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeod on any other night, lest you might net frightened at your fancies." " Dear father, I havo sot my hoart on trying it now, so do not oppose mo. One would think that you really beliove in ghosts. Ido not, so you may safely let mc verify the German supersti tion."" Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever sho undertook, and, after some hard persuasion, hor father consented that tho trial might bo made. Sho said : " I havo prepared an invocation whioh will undoubtedly I ring the airy phau tome around us, if thero is any truth in tho boliof." The placed horself in tho centre of the floor, grasped a branch of the miatlo toe, and, ausuming a tragic, air, com menced : " Spirits of tho vasty deep, On the wings ot night now sweep; Oome with storm, coma through sir, And answer to my earnest prayer ; It the doad may rise to light, Oome and speak with mo to-night." Thoro was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by tho Bound of tho rising wind sweeping against tho walla of tho house. Aftor a pause of several momenta, Alice threw asido her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tono : " I am not spiritual enough to havo the weird vision revealed to mo ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with bottor sucoes?. Oonio, priestess, you are al ready crowned with the DruidiosJ wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to rbfuso her re quest, Ethel permitted tho branoh of mistletoe to bo thrust in hor hand, and in hor turn she repeated tho invoca tion. Her faoo was turned toward tho door, whioh opened in tho hall, and whilo flho repeated the invocation hor oyos bocarao iastened to it, as she saw it begin slcv.-ly to unoloso. A figure appeared in the op on space that curdled the life-blood ?round her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colorod overcoat, mado white by tho snow that hod fallen on it; hit long, fair hair bonded with tho same fleecy flakes, foil in dis order upon hia shoulders, beneath which who Been a face as pallid an that of any ghost. Ho spoke in a tone of hollow mockery : "You have oaUed mc, and lot I oome." A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and sho ox olaimed : "It is Vornor 1 You havo summoned him from tho realms of tho dead. Drop that branch, that ho may forever vanish." " That is easier said than done," said Vornor, in his natural voico, as ho strode forward and confronted the group. "I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a llesh and blood entity, which I can woll believe you would all bo glad to drive back into tho realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and havo come to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seizod upon it." For a moment Gorald stood frozen in to eilonco by this terrible interruption to their mirth. But ho was aroused from hie immobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and she fell insensible in his out stretched arms. Aβ they folded around her, tho wrotohed conviction camo to him that another person possessed tho right to stand botweon himself and her he had deemed bo entirely hia own. Ho stifiod tho deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and ondeavorod to restore animation to Ethol by sprink ling water from the table over her inani mate foatures. Vernor made a stop toward him, and hoarsely eaid : " Unhand that lady, sir I Let my aunt minister to her, for I do nob chooso my wifo to lio thus in the arms of another man. lam too frozen to touch hor my self or 1 would tear hor from your douling grasp." He had drawn near the firo, the othora shrinking away from him as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over tho blazing lire. Gerald cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly uaid : ' " Thia lady need not become an object of contention between us. Hor own de cision shall govern both of us as to which one she will prefer as her tuturo hus band." "I comprehend that ruee," replied Vernor, with a contemptuous curl ot hie haughty lip. " You think 3'oursolf so oure of gotting it in your favor, but the law gives her to mc, and I defy you or anyone elso to invalidate my claim." " You resigned hor long ago to mo. I thought you dead, or I ahould have plaoed hor fato beyond your con trol." " Bnt you see that I am not dead, and you have failed to aocomplish that neces sary duty. Since you nogloetod it, I shall avail mysolf of every right I still poHsoss over that girl, who offers a protty wel oomo to hor long-abeent husband, by fainting whon ho appoars in her pro "Do not daro to call yourself hor hu? band, for in tho sight of God you are not —you nover have been that I You sacrificed her onco to your desire for tho wealth she iuhorited, and you have now roturnod to lorco her odious bonds upon her because olio again has fortune to bo stow upon you." Mrs. Digby, with trembling hands, had been bathing tho brow of Ethel, who now unclosed her eyes, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried hor face in Gerald's bosom, whilo eho murmured : " It is truo, thou t It wa? no phantom) TbVo sac &v.-y;—hold ac fast—Gursld, (or I will ollna to you oven in donth it ??Hl" Vernor strode toward Lsc, and mock £S3l?e=fcAl "So-o—my lady bride will uot oven look upon hur long-absent one. 1 can well imagine thu vigils you have held— teara you liavu wopt over my supposed fato—my protty Kthel, mid if' they liavo diiumod your beauty I can furgivo it. Lut mc look upon your face, thut 1 may judge if it is much siueu n lasM mot-." Kthel raised her hand as if to deprucato a nearer approach, and turning lur color lees fare toward him, she said : " Li-avu mo furuvor, 1 implore you ! Tiiku my fortiinu, lako everything 1 claim, but have mj free to wall; my path ot lifu without your companionship. You nuver loved mi : you gave m.; up yourself, and ' I cull on you to rudbuui your tilighted word." "On my soul, if it wcro possible to claim your wealth without the encum brance, 1 would tuku yuu vi your witil," hu iiurcely rojuinud. " But so important a personage ua Lady Clifton cannot oo easily renounce hur huroditarv estates in favor of another. Only as your hiiub.md can I hold thum, and as Buch 1 intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man ; cor.io to c!ii:g to him, or my passion may pafis tho bounds of freedom." Kthel rehixud her grip-on Gerald's arm, stood upright, bofor.- liim, and a faint shade of color ?wupt over her pale face as shoapoku with dignity : "1 obey you, since the right to command mo is still unfortunately you'i ; but hc:ir mo in my turn. No euriiily power shall ever compel mo to livo with you as your wife. You may, for a seas <n, Bland between mo aud tho man I love, but I shall find nieiiiu to break th? wicked bonds in whicti yuu bound mo whilo 1 wal yot too young to comprehend how odious thoy might bocomo. You nevrr loved mo ; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now pusses nlinll yet purchase freedom for mi from your cruol power." " It might, perhaps, HI permitted you to ?bo it lor that purpose ; but 1 shall I take caro not to do so. Thu luwb of England givo a man absolute control over hie wife, and 1 iidviso you to submit to tho fate that is inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped nhipwrock in which you thought I had perished. Tho lottern I wroto you wero nevor received, it eouins ; or thoy may have boon suppressed. He who sought to supersede mo in my family inhoritauco, and also in your affections, can doubtlc:: give an account of them." Hu fixed his oyos insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied : " My whole courne in life rofutos such an absurd chargo ; neither do 1 believe that HUoh letters have ever been written. Where have you boon during all those years 1" Vornor darod not name thu place of his late residence, and he said : "I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. Wliuu the news of the revolu tion in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native homo. On landing at Lyno, I learned that you had usurped cay titlo and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a etop to such proceedings und now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I demand the restitution of my wife and ootate." " On tho last you have- no legal claim, for the property of my undo has become mine by purchaes. Tho title haa alto boon bestowed on mo for services rondorod to tho present king ; but I waivo my right to bear it if you choouo to assume a barren distinction unsupported by tho wealth that can only render it respectable As to Ethi'l, she lids declared her resolution not to bo claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do so at any cost." The rest of the group had listened in appalled eilonco to this passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digoy liei'o inU-rpf.sed : " It is useless to recriminate thus. Mra. Digby, remove Ethel to her chamber for she seoma scaroely able to sustain her- Bolf. Go with thoin, Alice, and send a servant to conduct Blr. Bortio to his chumbor. Gerald and myself will talk with Vornor, and ondoavour to bring him to a nioro reasonable frame of mind." Vernor stopped forward and atteinptod to take Ethel's hand in his; but she shrank away, saying : "No—no—nover shall my hand ba olasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract. A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through hie closed teeth : " Wo shall boo who shall be the winner. I play for a great stako, and tho opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not war my game. I give you this night to refleot upou your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fato. Ethel Methurn, 1 claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark mo, i< thall be rendered." Kthel seemod on tho verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. The throe Indies left tho room together, Alicv almost sustaining tho sinking form of her friend, whose atrongth wan exhausted by tlio violent emotions of the last few momonts. When in her own chamber she wept upon tho boaom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vurnor to force her to livo with him as his wife. ?'Calm your agitation, my love," said Mrs. Uigby, soothingly. *? yem'or HBsuincs a high tone, but he must feel the weakness of his cause. . Ho onnnot compel you to return to him. It will take time to obtain a divorce, but no English jury will refuse a vanliot in your favor, when thu fact* of thu case are fairly set before thorn." "But Vomor may attempt to avengo on Gerald the preference I fuel for him. Oh I Hunty, ho looks so savage, so rt'vongnfill, that my heart dies within mo whon I think of him." "My unu can protect himself, Ethel; havo no fe.ir* for him. liad us I am afraid Vernor is, ho will attempt no violence toward hia cousin. Ho has too tender a ouro for hiu own safety, you may bo euro." Thus reasoned, Ethel became more oo:npoHt!d, but for hor aching heart there waa no roposo during tho long hours of that wiotched night. The light of that day, which was to have adored, foil upon her wan and wretohed, fearful of tlie evil inilueuco which ha 4 darkened hor lifo and half-b-.ok.in her henrt. She was too ill and miserable to descend to breakfast, and Alico came in to share the repp.Bt whioh wai aorvod in her own apartment. Shn r>iuloivor?-d to choor tli.i sin* ing Hj.ints of lit-r frioiid, but ahe had .as y?t no favorable news to com- 