'-AíOlix'ÉXTÍÜCT^ Lord and Lady Dufferin, with a party of friends, ' have just made a night ascent of Vesuvius. " The \--weather," writes a correspondent, " was perfect. No electric light was needed at the funicular rail- way, for the moon shone bright as day. The . «entrai crater wag full of incaodesent matter, over which flickered sulphurons flames in all the colours of the rainbow. Frequent eruptions of . fine ashes took place, without much noise. On the ?»ray up the cone the sulphurous fumes from the . fumaroli greatly inconvenienced some of the party, but on the edge of the crater the gentle breeze blew all doleterious gases away from the visi " tors. Sometimes one or another would sit down oarelessly on an incipient fumarole, only quickly to ; jump up from this hot resting place. Many of the party climbed down to the stream of lava which is Btill flowing slowly towards Pompeii. The dawn » and sunrise were peifectly beautiful, tho air calm and cool, and BO transparent that the houses in Naples and all the coast seemed quite close. The party returned to the city at nine in the morning." The Archives de ifídicín« Militaire, the French . army medical organ, publishes on interesting article containing a summary of reseat ches re ? cently made as to the death- rate in the varioms Buropenn armies. This proved that the German army is the healthiest of all, and that the Spanish »*my has the highest death-rate, viz. : 1340 per thousand, then comes Kusaia with 8-88 per thou aand, Italy with 7'74, Austro-Hungary with 6'94, France with 6'06, England with 5-13, Belgium with 4'7, and finally Germany with 8-97 per thousand. The most frequent disease amongst soldiers is ''tuberculosis, and the fatal cases from this cause in the German army amounted to only 083 per ' thousand, in the Belgium army to 1 per thousand, -a»d in the French to 1*11 per thousand. Hiss Amy Horton, one of Australia's popular fcurleeque actresses, is now appearing on the IUUBÍC lia.ll stage ia London. Her imitation of naughty little boys and crying little girls fairly brought ?down the house at the Pavilion on August 29-the flight of her first appearance. A number of horseflesh restaurants have, we hear, just been started at Berlin, and they are doing a t>risk trade. A good meal, including vegetables, ?.<an be obtained for threepence, and is is very diffl . ßult indeed, so says a correspondent, to distinguíala ?the meat from beef, for which, no doubt, it is very ?Often served in this and other countries. The authorities at Somerset House are actively preparing for taking the census next year. About : 8,000,000 schedules are required for England and Wales j 40,000 enumerators will be required. They are appointed by the registrars of births and deatha. The immenso amount of clerical work involved in the census will also necessitate the appointment of a large number of temporary clerks, who will be »elected by public competition. The day fixed for the census is Sunday, April S. The collection of iihe papers will be made on the following day. I A terrific storm raged on the Croisic coast, Loire Inférieure, on Saturday, the 30th Aug., and while the tempest was at its height a gallant rescue of Bind British sailors front the Bteamer Lady Ailsa, which had struck on the Four Rooks, was made. For three hours the crew of a man-of-war's boat struggled raiuly to reach the rocks and bring off the shipwrecked mariners, and at length the yacht Tjemla put out from the harbour of Le Croisic to go to their help. Ia the teeth of the gale the yacht gradually made her woy towards the Lady Ailsa, and after two hours' confliot with the wind and waves, succeeded in getting close to the stranded steamer and taking off the nine sailors on board of her. Several lifeboats had also been launched from different points on the coast ; but they were anticipated by the' Tjemla, and their services were not brought into requisition so far as the saving of life was concerned. At this time (writes a correspondent of Notes and Queries) her Majesty's family circle numbers fifty living descendants, including sons and daughters, grandsons and granddaughters, great-grandsons and great-granddaughters. Besides whom, she lias four sons-in-law, four daughters-in-law, five grandsons-in-law, and one granddaughter-in law. The Queen has lost one son and one daughter, five grandsons, one grand- daughter, one great-grandson, and one son-in-law. If these were living, her family circle would seventy-four. From the September number of the Newbery Sous» Magasine we extract the following letter which Mr. Gladstone has addressed to Miss H. F. Hetherington, one of the authors of " Paul Nugent, Materialist, a Rejoinder to Robert Elsmere" :-10, St. James's-square, July 13,1890.-Dear Madam, I have read with great interest and careful atten- tion the work entitled " Paul Nugent, Materialist," which has been so kindly presented to me. I need hardly say that I sympathise with the purpose of the writers to uphold the oommanding claims of positive belief in God, in the soul, in Christianity, and in the Church, and so expose the fallacies of the hybrid and unreal system set up by " Robert Elsmere !" And it appears to me that the points of the argument, as between belief and negation, are in general very tersely, ably, and justly stated ; ?while being confined within narrow bounds, they do not injuriously load the movement of the narra- tive. If this opinion of mine serves to commend to others a work conceived with so much courage and wisdom, I shall be very glad. I do not think I should be able to improve upon it by a more elaborate review.-I remain, dear madam, with every good wish, your very faithful and obedient, W. E. GLADSTONE. It will always be a moot point, wo suppose (says the Qlohe), whether the Ritualists or the Low Church party have contributed most largely to swell the number of converts to Rome. The late Cardinal Newman undoubtedly began aa an extreme Low Churchman, and he forsook the Anglican Com- munion, while Keble and Pusey, who were High Churchmen, remained faithful. A writer in the Church Times mentions as a fact within his own knowledge that of some half-dozen persons who have seceded within the laBt twenty years from a well known London church, every one came originally from Dissent. ThiB may possibly suggest to some minds that proselytising is a dangerous game to play. That was Dean Hook's opinion, as we all know. Persons whose religious convictions have once been been seriously changed are likely enough not be be truer to their new creed than they were to the old. A forcible illustration of the danger which people incur who attempt to bo their own bankers has just been made known at Hildesheim, in Germany. A peasant, in the course of a long lifetime spent in hard work, amassed a large sum of money. He died recently, and his grandson discovered, hidden in the bolster of his bed, a thick roll of crisp bank notes, which, on closer examination, was found to bear a surface value of several thousand thalers. The notes boro the well-known form of the spring- ing horse of the kingdom of Hanover and the armB of other States of the German Fatherland. The roll consisted of 10-thaler, 5-thaler, and 1 tbaler paper, which some ten years ago ceased to be of any value. The whole treasure, which had lain so carefully beneath the " easy head" of this peasant, is of no greater value than a packet of old newspapers. There is, or rather was, a billy-goat at Findhorn, N.B. It belonged to the Free Kirk minister, the Rev. John Macpherson. There came to the village on a holiday a retired New Zealand merchant, named Louis Walker, and he and the goat got to loggerheads. The goat butted him, and with a freedom from that respect which is due to minis- ters' goats, doubtless attained during his stay in New Zealand wilds, he shot the goat. He was charged with doing it maliciously, but contended before the Sheriff that ho only did so in self- defence. It was, indeed, shown that this billy-goat butted and chased the villagers, sometimes inflicting serious injuries. He had even entered a woman's house and wrecked the furniture, and the universal opinion of the neighbourhood was that they had been rid of a great nuisance. The plea of the ac- cused was accepted, and he was discharged. A gang of mon were engaged in sinking a shaft at the Queen Pit, Haydock, one of the sink«rs being Richard Gill, a middle-aged man. They had pre- pared several shots for blasting, and Gill had given, as ho thought, tho right signal for the hoppet to be drawn up, whon he suddenly remembered that he ought to havo signalled again. The shots were just about to explode ; but, regardless of the danger in whioh ho stood, Gill jumpftd out of the hoppet for the purpose of cutting off the fuses and so preventing the shots from taking effect. As he did BO the hoppet began to aseend, and the other men wanted him to ring for it to be lowered again, and so take them, all up together, but seeing that he could not prevent the explosion taking place, he told them it was better for him to be killed than them all. The hoppet ascended, and before it reached the surface the explosion took place, the brave, but unfortunate man, of course, meeting the death he had known was inevitable. The Bishop of Exeter (says Bawl) cannot be feeling very happy just now. Dr. Bickcrsteth is the editor of a " Hymnal Companion" which in- cludes Newman's "Lead, kindly light," but the editor in his wisdom thought fit to add a verse of his own. Thepoor Bishop hasbesn unmercifully per- I secuted about that unlucky verse. He is reminded j that the Cardinal described it as " the unwarrant- able addendum of another pen;" a prsbendary 1 says the addition shows " amazing hardihood," and another newspaper writer says the verse is " in part tautological, and in part unnecessary." Altogether, his lordship probably now wishes that he had let the hymn alone. Anyhow, he has since eliminated the objectionabla verse. Salónica has been the scene of a terrible fire. The British and other Consulates, the cathedral, several churches and public buildings have been destroyed. Twelve hundred houses have been burned to the ground, and thousands of the in- habitants are without shelter. At a meeting of the Mohill Guardians, on Satur- day, a letter and enclosure signed, " Alex. Agnew, Brown-chambers, Belfast," were laid before the board from the English Local Government Board with reference t» the consignment to England from Ireland of carcases of pigs which were killed while suffering from infectious disease. The writer states that while at Dromod he saw in the village pigs being killed that were infected with cholera and other diseases. They were of a black-blue colour, and were dipped in a kind of manufactured chemical which turned them white, after which they were sent to a meat-dealer at Smithfield. Tho matter will be investigated. The Reporters' Journal says that an amusing blunder oceurred last month in south-east Lan- cashire. The Bishop of Manchester was announced to preach in a manufacturing town in his diocese, and, as is usually the case, the local papers in- structed their representatives to take a full report. The people of the district were greatly astonished the following Saturday, however, to find that " whiUt one of the organs of the locality gave a sermon on Samuel, as emanating from the learned divine, the other gave an entirely different dis- course about Peter." It appears that one of the reporters, by some error, visited the wrong church, and took down the sermon of a curate, under the impression that he was the Bishop of Manchester. A young Frenchman, aged 19, WÛB married the other day at the Parisian suburban church of St. Maude, to an English lady, Mrs. Sarah Harris, aged 52, who has already buried three husbands, the second of whom was his uncle, The Voltaire informs ue that the young man's wife was his sponsor at the baptismal font, and suckled him ; so that it may be said he has married his nurse, his aunt, and his foster mother ! Miss Braddon has discovered how it come to pass that the New York Mercury Bhould bo printing, under her name, a story with the fearsome title of " The Tiger's Head ¡ or, the Ghost of an Aval- anche." Sha writes to the -áf/iencoum :-" Some years ago I produced at the Royal Alexandra Theatre, Liverpool, a melodrama entitled ' The Missing Witness,' which mot with considerable favour from a Liverpool audience, and would have been produced at the Adelphi in London could Mr. Edward Saker and I have accepted the terms which Mr. Chatterton offered to him as actor and to me as author. A few copies of this play were printed, for private circulation only ; and it is doubtless from one of theBe copies, misappropriated by a literary hack, that the groundwork of this * new and original copyright romance by Miss M. E. Braddon' has been stolen." The St. James's Qanctte suggests that there is only one revenge left for Miss Braddon. She must put that piratical editor into a book. And then, if he likes, he can reprint that. Dr. NanBftn's expedition to the North Pole will not fail for lack of sufficient preparation, nor for want of intelligent direction. The Norwegian National Assembly has just voted 200,000 crowns for its expenses, and a specially-constructed boat is to be built, of 170 tons burden. Provision and f nal for five years will be taken, though it is hoped that two years will suffice. Nansen proposes to leave Norway by February, 1892, taking with him only a dozen men. The township of Skiddaw, Cumberland, stands unique as a township of one house, and the solitary male adult inhabitant is deprived of his vote because of the fact that there are no over- seers to make out a voters' list, and no church or public building on which to publish one if made. On several occasions unsuccess- ful claims have been made for an occupier's vote before the revising barrister at Keswick, and this year one of the registration agents served a notice of claim upon the assistant overseer of the adjoining township of UnderBkiddaw 5 but that official declined to recognise it, on the ground that he could not saddle his township with the duty and expenses of another. The tenant of the house is the shepherd of Skiddaw Forest-a forest without a tree. The house and land are rateable to the Cockermouth Union, and the rates aro paid by Lord Leconfield's agent. When Dr. Temple held the headmastership of Bugby a boy ia tue school came np before him for some breach of discipline. Facta seemed rather J against the boy, who was in imminent danger of j being expelled. He had a defence, but, being j neither clear-headed nor fluent in the presence of the headmaster, he could not make it clear. He, therefore, wrote home to his father detailing at length hiB position and his explanation. His father, very wisely, thought the best thing he could do was to send the boy's letter as it stood to Dr. Temple, merely asking him to overlook any familiarity of expression. Apparently (says the London correspondent of the Manchester Courier, who tells the story) the father had not turned over the page and seen his son's postscript, for there Dr. Temple found the following words :-" If I could explain it would bo all right, for though Temple is a beast he is a just beast." The Bishop ÍB ac- customed to say it was the great.st compliment he has ever received in his life. In the German Press at present a good deal of , discussion is going on about the personal relations between the late Emperor William and Prince Bismarck. The following anecdote is said to have been related by Prince Bismarck himself: King William and his Chancellor wera travelling to- gether in a railway carriage, when the train stopped at a station and voices were heard outside. The Germans were occupying a certain place in the neighbourhood at the time, and one of the speakers exclaimed,"Yes,thoBi8märcker(Bismarck'speople) have arrived." The King asked the Prince what the speaker meant. The latter, however, pretended not to have understood. The King, after a pause, then said :-" I Bhould think the people ought to know that the troops are mine, not yours." " Since that time," said the Prince, as he told the story, "whenever there was the least danger of wounding the sensibilities of the Emperor, my wife would warn me in the words, ' Think of the Bismiircker.' " The new industry just introduced into Kent for the curing of hops by a spseial process, with a view to their admixture with tea, haB lately at- tracted a very great amount of attention, and the works at Maidstone have been visited by large numbers of persons interested in the hop and tea industries, including Mr. Alderman C. Whitehead, agricultural adviser to the Privy Council. It ÍB stated that an infusion of dried hops with the Ceyloa and Indian teas would counteract their irritant tendency, while the characteristics of taste, smell, and flavour would remain. In the Sunday Magazine for September, Dr. Mac- leod Symington gives a sketch of Mrs. Harriot Beecher Stowe, and tells the following story on the authority of the Rev. Dr. Parker:-" The dear old lady-for everybody loves her, whether they have seen her or not-is spending her eightieth year ina beautiful home at Hartford, surrounded by every comfort thatcanlesscn the wistful sorrow of lingering on this side the river, and her next door neighbour is Mr. Clemens (Mark Twain), who delights in her freeramblingoverhisgroundsandgreenhouses. Per- haps the only person, black or white, in all the world who does not feel quite kindly towards Mrs. Stowe is John, Mr. Clemens' gardener, for she ' snips off his pet flowers as if they had not cost him a thought.' One day the old lady quietly asked John if he had ever read ' Uncle Tom's Cabin,' and John tnrned upon her in his best undertaker manner, looked down from a great height, and then said, 'Tried to,* and left her." It is not generally known that the Czar's per- sonal bodyguard, or private police, consists of 15 specially-picked Corsicans, mature and tried men, chosen and trained by M. Celertin Pietri, nephew of Napoleon III.'s Minister of Police. These men have to keep watch in the kitchens and private apartments, while some of them act as assistant cooks. It is intended to gradually increase the corps aB suitable men can be found. According to accounts from Prague there has been a terrible destruction of property and loss of life in consequence of the rise of the waters of the Moldau, which runs through the town. A large proportion of the town is under water, and many blocks of houses are surrounded by a rushing torrent, impassable even by boats. The central arch of the famous Carlsbriicke, which spans the Moldau, has collapsed, having been undermined by the current. Three persons are reported to have lost their lives through the collapse, and 19 out of 20 pioneers who were sent on rescue work are reported to have been drowned. From other parts of Austria, and also from Bavaria, reports of serious floods are received. Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes celebrated his 81st birthday quietly at his home at Beverley Farm on A ugust 29. He received a large number of visitors, including many of the children in the neighbour- hood, and was also the recipient of numerous gifts of flowers and fruit. Mrs. Maria Porter took an oiiginal poem, which she read to Dr. Holmes at his request ; Miss Barclay, of Scotland, sent to him a picture of Robert Browning taken at Venice shortly before his death. Among the numerous letters of congratulation received during the day was a charming one from James Russell Lowell. Dr. Holmes met his visitors in the drawing-room, where he shook hands and pleasantly chatted with each caller for a few moments. To one he said ..-" I feel very young. It is only the birthdays that remind one of advancing years." 