THE WANDERER. SHAKSPEARIAH NOTES OF TKAVJ5L. L (CONCLUDED). Apropos ot " Hamlet," I atterwarda wrote Dr. Fornival a note, in which I sugf^ated an emendation than which I have Been many a bolder one. It was for the word "oppos ing" to read "a poison"-and by a poison end them. You see that would reconcile the whole passage. My note was accompanied with a reminder of a little dinner the doctor and Mr. Daniel were to take with me at my hotel on the way to the University College, Gower-street, where the Shakspeare Society hold their meetings. Here is what the doctor wrote in reply " Thanks ; I hadn't for gotten, and will turn up before 6. But I have a vague hope ot finding you hanging on the lamp-post near the hotel, Buicided for that 'a poison' for 'opposing.' One repro bate did once propose a poniard, but, thank heaven, he's long dead." I should mention that not only did the doctor and Mr. Daniel favour me by dining with me, but the latter brought with him quite a load of Shakspearian publications, a gift with which I was im mensely pleased. I was disappointed at the Shakspeare meeting-there were so few pre sent, not 20 all told, but very fit A paper on " Julias Caesar," which did not depart from the conventional lines-Brutus the hero, C&sar;'s character intentionally dwarfed, the idealist and the practical man, principle and expediency-was read by i Dr. Furnival in the absence of the writer. I was invited to speak imme diately on its conclusion, but restricted myself to an expression of the pleasure it gave me to meet fellow Shakspearian?, and a little chaff at the paucity of the attendance, which I counted at 17, bringing down upon me the author of a pamphlet on Hamlet, who assured me there were 19. I had omitted to count the chairman and myself. "To be or not to be " was painfully discussed. Mr. Browning bad written a letter on it holding to the popular reading. I had been at the British Museum, and on reference to the quarto found that the difficult passage waB not in it-a new light to me-but somehow the poison theory did not go down, and opinions were apparently divided as to whether I was under the influence of liquor or labouring under an attack of ill-timed jocularity. AB a sequel to the Hamlet discussion I give you this extract from one of many notes with which the doctor favoured me : "Nicholas ot Damascus (born 64 B C) says the Kelts used to arm and fight the waves till iheff vxre swept away- drowned. His Greek was put into Latin in 1593, and the Latin was reprinted in 1604, so that Shaks peare must have read or beard of it, and must have used his ' by opposing end them' as equivalent to death. 1 did not bit on this Nicholas of Damascus bit till last week." Speaking of kind Shakspearians whom I met in London, Dr. Richard Garnett, of the British Museum, the accomplished author of much excellent critical and biographical work, must not be omitteid. He entertained me hospitably at hiB house, dined with me at the Tavistock (once the hannt of Sheridan and the wits), and endured with imperturbable good temper a difference of opinion upon bis recently published, learned, and interesting essay on "The Tempest," wherein he maintains that Prospero was intended by Shakspeare to typify King James, and argues for a strong resemblance between the character of the "wisest fool in Christendom" and that of Shekspeare's philosophical, poetic, and occa sionally egotistical and irascible controller of the elements, and master of the tricksy Ariel. Be snre I did not fail to attend the Lyceum to see " Macbeth." We had to take seats a week in advance, and then could only get fourth-row dress-circle, 6s. 6d. each. The play was put on in a style of magnificence which was new to me. Irving has a dreadful voice-very nasal, very hollow-and he speaks hiB own peculiar English, sounding hiB o like boh, with a etrance, harsh accent Someot hiB readings were fine, where intel lectual rendering was alone required. But be does not realise the character, or present you with the idea of a man of heroic attributes falling a prey to supernatural Satanic sug gestions, to which the terrible encouragement of bis ambitious wife gives life and form. He plays Macbeth on the model of a weak-kneed Richard IIL-as a man bad from the firet, to destroy whom it would be a work ot sitpererogation to call in the powers of dark ness. Miss Ellen Terry is graceful, elegant, but 1 think too soft and sweet. I noted that she played as if she was the suffering martyr throughout-her sleep-walking scene as if she-had been made an unwilling party to some dreadful crime, with a suggestion of troubled, despairing memories, not of re morse The scene after the murder was very effective, and &B; to the subordinate parts all were good, and the representation so com plete as to sustain interest to the last At the Globe Theatre I saw "Richard III." enacted by Mansfield. Mansfield is remark able for facial expression, and presents a striking resemblance to Richard's portrait at Bethnal Green. A notable thing was the elimination of Colley Cibber, " Off with his faead-so much for Buckingham" not given, nor "The youth who fired the Ephesian dome." Mansfield's portrait is very hideous, very sinister; bis lameness and deformity very i pronounced. He was exceedingly discordant in the dream scene, "Give me another horse," and on the entry of Catesby falls into his arms in a paroxysm of craven fear. His scene with the Lord Mayor and citizens, and his scene with Buckingham, "Begone, thou troubles! me; I'm not in the vein," I liked best > . While in Naples I saw Verdi's latest pro duction, "Otello." The rendering of this work wqs« I think, especially Shakspearian, as pnncb bo, at ail events, as an operatic version can be. Commencing with the landing in "ypnie, the tragedy is followed with unuBual Bitty* recitative prevailing. In this version the handkerchief in Cassia's iflcatory incident, the omission "* ^jACting play I always regret; ^Barbara's willow song sup with & charming, most e entire representation was ioDBe, " San Carlo," a meg tbeatre; the orchestra . an 100; the chorus more lie appropnate And exprea «i)d velvety baritone of role om'Ibro. The erf ally rendered, sderaona's part ejrbeft. Astrik last scene, toescape from; Othello's murderous intentions, springs from the bed and ruuhes to tbe door, followed by Othello, who there seizes her by the waist and forcibly carries her, struggling and shrieking, lwck to her death-bed. The stage directions of the libretto, which are, ap parently, very ample, contain no hint of such a piece of business as this, and I presume the sensation is to be accredited to the in genious artists' desire to accumulate the horrors of the situation. It waa at a performance of a somewhat different naiure that I assisted in June last at the Comedie Fratii^aise, Paris. Durine the preceding week 1 had Been the members of this company of historic fame ploy " Adrienne Lecouvreur," with a beauty of finish, a completeness, transcend ing alt other >stage representations 1 have ever witnessed or can hope to see again. But "Adrienne Lecouvreur' U essentially French, and " Hamlet" is not I think the ghost was the best part of it. He waa admirably managed, shown with a mysterious light, and vanishing in a flesh creeping manner as the light was withdrawn. The Grave Digger of Georges Beor and the Po lonius of Gaunaud had the true Shakespearian flavour, and it was a gratification to note how thoroughly the audience enjoyed nnd (ajsted these parts ; and Mademoiselle lleichemberg rendered Ophelia in a girlish, innocent way, relieving the mad scenes from the tedium which, lfeHr.uMiallyattachestothem. Buttlie King an 1 Queen wete devoid of dignity, and totally forgot the rank of the personages they represented. In the last act the King left hie throne and minded with his court in a wonderfully free and easy style. Tbe great Mounet-Sully, a spare-fisiured, melancholy, intellectual-looking man, was excellent in some scenes, the bedchamber one especially. But he generally rendered the part-in a hysterical, spasmodic, and sobbing manner, which, though highly successful with the audience, I cannot, as an honest witness, say that I admired. As for the trans lation of Messieurs Dumas and Meurice, who have done Shakspeare into French verse, ar.d who profess tuch scrupulous accuracy as to supply the text of the scenes omitted in re presentation. I confess to finding it very amusing in places. They are good enough, for instance, to introduce a love scene between Hamlet and Ophelia in which Hamlet, meeting Ophelia, inquires to what happy accident he owes the rencontrc. Ophelia explains that she is looking for her brother, and Hamlet archly replies, "And not for me." In this scene Hamlet declares his love, and, having requested Ophelia to "gaze upon his pale brow and read this billet," hands her a free translation of " Doubt thou the stars are fire," which Ophelia, being left scute reads and kisses witn rapturous joy. There are many other sweet little im pertinences and French freedoms with the original in this translation which I should like to ask yon to Btnile at if time permitted. I must conclude reminiscences theatrical with a few words on the "Romeo and Juliet" we saw in Berlin-a representation which greatly pleased us-well mounted, nnd all the accessories carefully attended to. The Btreet scenes, where the Capnlet and Mon tague factions fight, the crowds hurrying on to the stage after tbe death of Tybalt, the groups of guests trooping to Capulet's feast, all very spirited and real. In the balcony scene the light was remarkably well managed-the moon not visibly presented, but a light re sembling moonlight thrown on Juliet's face as she stands or sits at the balcony, fading and illnming by turns, as yon may fancy the moon obscured by or emerging from a clond. I was told Fraulien Burska played Juliet on thiB occasion for tbe first time. If BO, it was an exceptionally excellent performance. She is graceful, and her face, it not beautiful, is attractive, and capable of expressing pro found and varied emotions. When she re ceives Romeo's first kiss she seems nearly to faint with wonder and ecstacy. The balcony scene waa very charming, and even vivacious, as if Jnliet were too happy in the knowledge of reciprocated love to give a thought to the unhappy family feud which overshadows her and her Romeo's fate, or perhaps the actress intended to get the fall effect of dramatic contrast between thiB and the subsequent scenes. In all the subsequent scenes nothing better could be asked for. Her declamation in that terrible speech before taking the poison reached tbe height of tragedy while preserving the Shak spearian smoothness. The scene with tbe nurse-" What said he-how looked he ? I would I bad thy pains so I might have thy news," was cut out, for some inscrutable reason. So also the scene where Juliet lies apparently dead on the bed, tbe potion-taking scene being immediately followed by that in Mantua, where Romeo hears of his young wife's death. Neither did Herr Ratkowaky, as Romeo, deliver the speech, " I do remem ber an apothecary," I presume because its calm description was ansuited to tbej hysterical agony with which he renders the part from the moment the fatal news reaches' him ; but surely what Shakspeare meant was the calmness of despair and fixed resolve. Herr Ratkowsky's best scene was in tbe Friar's cell, " Hang philosophy unless philo sophy can make another Jnliet," and taking the measure of an unmade grave. 1 was struck with what was to me a novel feature in the scenes between Romeo and Friar Laurence; tbe affection of Romeo for the Friar, and the more than paternal regard of tbe Friar tor bim, were very happily rendered, and seemed to give more effect to the Friar's character, fcuegeating a personal reason tor bis interest in tbe loves of Romeo. Mercutio, excellently played by Herr JUssler, was toonoisy and demonstrative in the death scene. Per haps Shakspeare ought tohave made Mercutio die like an Italian, but be does not. He dies like an English soldier and gentleman-with sang froid, accepting the fortune of war, and only regretting that fiomeo'ti coming between tbem t-poilt tbe game. Capulet was exceed ingly good-the best representation of this character I have seen, I think Fran Lie bach's Nnrse, which was very successful, slightly over-stepped the bounds of comedy, and trod tbe region of burlesque. The large audience was very attentive-no talking, no applause until the act was finished. The play commenced at 7, and was over by 10. 