Mr Grose wished To know wlmt subscrip tion lists: wore upon the tabic for. He thouglitythat everyone would be willing to pay bis'share of the cost of examining the new. road. 'The chairman said it would be necessary tqjcall for special subscriptions in addition to the ordinary subscriptions to the associa tion, as lie.margin was left for such a work as the present one. The intention was also to call upon the general public. The lists were to save the trouble of collection. \- Mr Petersen said there lied been a little trouble over this road, and the association had been taken lo task by the press for its inactivity. No doubt it had been guilty of inactivity, but the association now had an idea .as .to the practicability of the road. A lot of the people, he was in a position to say, wore not only willing'to go up the road, butto takea load np it. No later than that morning he had been told that a well-known carrier, named Thomas Harris, was willing to take the first load to Omco by Howitt’s track, provided that lie was subsidised to the extent of £10. He (Mr Petersen) had guaranteed that amount, but Harris was now absent from Bairnsdale. He did not think there that was any necessity to wait for parties or surveyors in view of such an offer as this. It was invaluable to obtain a direct trailic to Omeo irrespective of the tin mines ami this offer should be accepted and money subscribed to meet it. The people should be a little generous and collect say £200 in order to subsidise a number of carriers to make the road traflicable. No doubt the passing of a bullock team over the route would be a be ginning for* coach trailic on the new road. Some expenses (.010 10s) had already been incurred in seudingout the preliminary party and the money must be raised by the public, who would surely not be backward in putting their names down on the list. It should be made known that the association was willing to subsidise any drays taking loads over the now road. It was no use putting half-a dozen men in a corncrand telling them they had got to pay for the undertaking. It was of interest to all, and if they could get a shorter road it was doubtless that the Government would recognise that it1 would be the best route for a railway. Mr Dahlscn pointed out that there were many willing to give £5 or £10 towards the preliminary expenses. -MrClarey was in favor of a special call being made upon members. The shire council should not be waited upon. The association having started the matter should keep it in hand, and get the clearing done, which' would be only a matter of £f«0. There was one carrier, whom ho knew, who was quite enthusiastic over the movement, and wild had offered years ago to mark it out for £20, and.would now do it for £10. The Chairman : If he is prepared the money will be forthcoming. Mr Dahlscn: We know that a bullock team will go anywhere, and it may not go the same road as we require. An inspection by an engineer should be made first. The chairman favored waiting for the re port of the engineer. Mr Petersen moved that a subscription list be opeued to create a fund for subsidising any carrier to the extent of £10, who may be willing to at once take a dray load of goods to Omeo from Bairnsdale tin- Howitt’s Hr. Morgan seconded the motion. Another member hoped that when Mr Petersen had considered the matter, as lie had proposed it, he would let Mr. Thomas Harris’s bullock-team engineering alone, for its employment would make a laughingstock of the.i whole emitter. It would end in producing nnotlier “zigzag.” He hoped that the matter would bo left in the hands of the executive committee. All that had non’ be done was to provide funds to meet pre liminary expenses, and an appeal to the ocueral' public would meet with a liberal support. They had next to apply to the council and to the Government, and he was perfectly satisfi- d that they would get money to make a thoroughly good practicable road to Omco by the best route. He hail no doubt v,L;").o oW-ms-of the roiulwoiild costjmpilj or‘£10007an’d tliat'"wdulilbc trifling sum con sidering the benefit they were likely to de rive from it. Mr G rose mentioned that one of the carriers had said to him that it would not do to make the road too easy, as then the farmers would use it to the detriment of the carriers. : ME Petersen withdrew his motion. Mr Dahlscn moved that Messrs Geo. Vogt and-Veatcs be,appointed to canvass the town for subscriptions on Saturday next. This was agreed to. Mr Yeatcs, in order to keep up the excite-, incut in the matter, and, as a stimulus.to get subscriptions, moved, that on the return of .t the party, to be sent out . on . the ,22ml Inst.,' applications Vie 'invited'from ’.bullock' drivers anil others for clearing such portions of the road as may be specified by the shire engineer. A very old resident had assured him that bullock teamsters were the best per sons to clear a .toad. In the meantime the public would sec that the association was taking the matter up in earnest and would probably respond more liberally in subscrip Mr II. Bull said ''that-immediately it was demonstrated that the road was practicable then was the time to ask the shire council to make the road. Therefore he thought it would' be better to wait for the report of the committee before any thing was done in the way of calling for applications. He moved an amendment tliat n'O action be taken In. that respect. Mr C: Petersen suggested- that tire Omeo people should be asked to co-opcmte to the extent of opening the track on the Omco side of Mount Baldlicad to meot tho trade which the Bairnsdale peoplo would open on the Bairnsdale side. Mr H. Bull pointed oiit that according to \hc evidence of. O’Grady and. Evans no ex ploration was necessary on tlid Ouico side of Mount llalbhcad. " ' The chairman said that the party should intcrvicw'Omeo residents ' with the view of securing co-operation.;' ... i i Dr Morgan, from conversations-with one or two Omeo residents, learned that they were unfavorable:to-the uewroad.. : ‘ Mr C. Petersen was in a position to state the contrary was tlie. ease, as a prominent member of the Omco Shire. Council had as sured him very differently.. A member: There, are also one or two at Bruthen who do not approve of it. (Laugh ter.). :.v' Mr Vogt: Would it not be witlun the. pros' viiyee of (lie association .to ask the shire council to appropriate £1000 of the centre riding funds to, be expended on the road witliiii the shire)'subject to the report of the engineer/. ' The Chairman : The council will not hold a meeting until after the party lias returned. Mr Ycates withdrew his motion. Mr Gardiner considered that interest in the road was just as much felt at Omeo as at Bairnsdale,' anil lie thought' that' {lie Omco pimple.should he pressed to take up lhe \yQf.fe il\ order that ft might be carried p[n from both ends.' Jj'r Neville instanced the great rosoui'oes which had boon developed by similar enter prises at Walhalla, and by Campbell’s Track to Wood’s Point being opened up, and urged energetic working in order that this truly national work might be effected.. \- The following were the amounts subscribed at tile meeting to bear the preliminary expenses in connection with the opening of the track :—J. C. Dahlscn, K Neal, J. Tip ping, K. M. Grant, H. A. Bull, C. Petersen. Yates and Baker, W. Seehusen, W. J. Gar diner, J. Ross, Hy. Robinson, O’Byrno Bros., Geo. Vogt, W. Grose, C. Neville, W. C. Arthur, anil Dr Morgan, £1 Is each ; l'\ W. Clarcy, IO3. S. Feilchcnfeld and Co. beg to inform tlic ladies of Bairnsdale and surrounditm tUstrict that their new Millinery and Mantle Show room is.now- oponrforthe transaction of busincsS|: under the able management of Miss Sexton.—[Adyt.1 HENRY HOYT, ESQ. • (Contributed ) Victoria has its aristocracy, an aristocracy none the less clearly de fined because it has no lordly titles before its name. The difference be tween the aristocracy of Victoria and England is that the first has always what the other sometimes lack—worth. We have no Lord Garmoyle, and Lord Clancarthy has not the ghost of a resemblance amongst us, but wo have a band of men, of whom the name that stands at the head of this article is one; men who liavo fought their way through difficulty, and by pluck. sterliug honesty of purpose, and steadfast perseverance have won their way to eminent positions. Such men, I repeat, are an aristocracy of which Victoria may well be proud. Mr Hoyt has now been many years in Australia and New Zealand. As long ago as ’51 he was the proprietor of a line of stage coaches to Ballarat, and at the time of the memorable riots he himself drove the Governor to the scene of riot, nud supplied a strong force of policemen and soldiers with horses. Some of the first’busses and and trams started in Melbourne were promoted by him. Mr Hoyt owns two estates in Gippsland, the Alexlea Estate, at Lindenow, for which he gave £20,000 five years ago, and which is under the able superintendence of Mr Moore, a gentleman known, I may add favorably known, to most stock dealers, and Vellore—an estate of 3000 acres, which Mr Hoyt was fortunate enough to secure at £5 10s an acre—under the able and thorough management of Mr C. C. Kerr. This estate has been much improved, and Mr Hoyt could doubtless get a much larger sum for.it than he gave, were ho disposed to sell. But.our friend, like Napoleon, yearns for fresh fields to conquer. I just hear that he has formed a brilliant resolution, the common sense of which strikes every one at once, , and people are asking why they didn’t think of it, I am not at liberty to givo. tho scheme in detail, but roughly it is this—to place 'a number of refrigerating cars on the railroad, have slaughtering, houses in ;the country; and a grand central depot in Melbourne, to which latter the ;meat shall be carried and kept till a suitable market offers. I have -giveu a hint’of the kind of plan Mr' Hoyt has formed. He hns plnced orders,at at Melbourne for the mrst elaborate .machinery for his refrigerating cars, and for making ice. Probably this summer will see the thing in full swing. I have great pleasure in wish ing Mr Hoyt good luck. May his shadow never grow loss, but may he | go on like his great fellow country man, George. Peabody, increasing and multiplying. I am sure everyone will-be the, better for this man’s pros perity. | 