THE BRIDAL EVE. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH. Through all this the visitor passed up to the third floor, turned to a door on the right, and gave a peculiar rap. "Come in," said a very pleasant, manly voice. The visitor entered a large front room, dark, dingy, and scantily furnished, yet free from the dirt that defiled the lower rooms and passages. "Eh ! what the deuce, Roberts ; that was your voice, but where are you ?" inquired he, looking about him in the semiobscurity of the apartment. "Here," answered the same clear, soft voice, as the owner emerged from some dark corner and opened the window shutters, letting in a sufficiency of light to reveal the room and its meagre furniture—a large four-posted bed, with dark and tattered green curtains, a worm eaten oak table, ricketty chairs, and so forth. The occupant was a well-dressed, hand- some, fair-haired man, with a sweet, happy, and candid expression of coun- tenance. "Welcome, most noble Mac. to the old palace of the lord bishops of Ely. It is many centuries since the followers of a court honoured its halls with their pre- sence," said the inmate of this room, advancing to meet his visitor. "Eh, good heavens, William, what has brought you, the greatest epicurean in town, to this beastly place ?" exclaimed the visitor, in dismay. "Necessity, good Mac ; necessity which knows no law. But I may ask, in my turn, what brings the most assi- duous courtier of the day into this same 'beastly' place ?" "Rcmotely, the same necessity ; proxi- mately your note of this morning." "Ay, my note. I wrote to you by a trusty messenger to send me ten pounds ; I thought you would have sent it." "I chose to bring it. I have been for days in search of you, and considered myself very lucky this morning in re- ceiving your note." "Even though it cost you ten pounds," laughed the fair-haired man. "Even so," said the other, going to the door and securing it. Then, return- ing to the side of William Roberts, he said : "I wish to engage you in an enterprise of some danger, but much profit." "You know, Mac," said the soft- spoken man, "that danger is a decidedly objectionable element in any enterprise in which I am engaged." "Oh, I know, William, that courage is not among your vices, but avarice is certainly one of the noblest virtues ; and this adventure, if it has the least spice of danger, has also tho largest promise of profit." "Explain" "I will, darkly. For instance, a certain nobleman has become desperately enamoured of a certain beautiful girl, without parents or guardians to protect her. He cannot marry the girl on account of our national prejudice in favour of a man having but one wife, and she is not to be won on any other terms. To-morrow afternoon this girl takes a journey to Windsor in a post-chaise, with no attendants but her maid and footman. She must be waylaid and carried off." The fair haired, soft spoken man shook his head, murmuring : "Ugly business ! ugly business ! Is your nobleman privy to this proceeding ?" "Nay, now, William, you do not show your usual perspicacity. My lord will do nothing, and permit nothing to be done, unworthy of a nobleman." "But yet he would avail himself of any circumstance that placed this girl in his power ?" "Nay, I do not even say that ; but what I say is, that I shall place this beauty in his power, and give him the opportunity and the choice of playing the desperate lover or the magnanimous hero." "Perilous ! but what aid do you re- quire from me personally ?" "Such aid only as shall make you 'personally' perfectly safe. You must engage six or eight of your most resolute companions. They must start for Wind- sor to-morrow morning, and go on until they reach Hounslow Heath. There, at some convenient place, they must dis- guise and mask themselves, and be in wait for the post-chaise containing this girl and her servants, stop it, bind the servants, and carry off the girl. This must be effected without bloodshed, and with as little violence as possible." "Difficult, my dear Mac ! very diffi- cult ! But my own part seems to be very easy—only to send down these fellows, and, I suppose, be their pay- master." "Nay, not quite so easy as that, either, William. You and I must go down to Hounslow Heath, a little farther on towards Windsor, say in that piece of wood half a mile from the 'Magpie,' and rescue this young lady from the ruffians." "Rescue her ? I don't understand ! Why in the world should she be carried off if we are to rescue her ?" "Simply for that very purpose—that we may rescue her. This enamoured nobleman of whom I speak is a man of the highest honor. He would never countenance violence. If your ruffians, for instance, after carrying off the beauty, were to carry her to him, she would be sent back in honour to her friends, and they would be transported for their pains. But if you and myself should be so fortunate as to rescue this beauty from the hands of the robbers at a spot, near the country house owned by this nobleman, and carry her to that house as a safe refuge for the night, there is no law of honour to pre- vent my lord from receiving her with the most exigent hospitality, and awarding her gallant deliverers with princely muni- ficence." "With 'princely munificence !' I understand it all now, my dear Mac." "Pray understand no more than is necessary to carry out our plans, which you see have only the least flavour of the spice of danger for our friends, and none at all for yourself. You have only to help me to rescue a young lady from the power of thieves, who will be instruc- ted only to make a show of resistance. You will have all the glory and profit, and none of the danger." "Humph ! And the profit, dear Mac ?" "Five hundred pounds, when the lady is safe at Howlet Close, the country- house of which I spoke." "I am your man, dear Mac. But now, as it is dark enough without for me to emerge from my inner obscurity, I will you go out and beat up the necessary recruits. You can find me in this room again to-morrow morning, dear Mac, for, like ghosts that 'visit the glimpse of the moon,' I have to get back into my grave, this house, as soon as it is light without. Ah, Mac ! times have changed since you and I served together in the 45th. I have gone—down, down, down ! you—up, up, up. I hide in the dark- ness of an old rookery ; you bask in the sunshine of a court." "It is your own fault, William. You have twice the genius that I have, but you are too effeminate, too much afraid of labour, pain, and danger. What you would do must be done in profound secrecy, and is done with so much caution and hesitation as to defeat its purpose. If you had an enemy, William, that you were obliged to get rid of, you would not challenge him and run him through the body, as I should, because you would not like to see his blood flow, and would very much dislike to have your own spilled. No, you would get rid of your enemy by administering to him some slow, sweet poison, that should bring on a gentle decline, and easy painless death. Nay, I could even imagine you sitting by the bed, smoothing the pillows, and soothing the last hours of that enemy whom you had so gently conducted to death—you are so benevolent as well as so effeminate." The fair-haired man smiled softly and brightly, murmuring : "You were always a flatterer, dear Mac ; even before you dreamed of becom- ing a courtier." They shook hands and parted "A desperate crisis when a man feels himself driven to an act ; for which he does not know whether he shall be re- warded or reviled," murmured the per- sonage called Mac, as he descended the stairs. * * * * * * The same evening the Duchess of Beresleigh and her family were due at Lester House, where Lady Lester received her "dear five hundred friends." They went early, intending to return early. And, again, the two young women—the antipodes of the social world—met, to be the rival stars of the assembly— Rosamond, Lady Etheridge of Swinburne, a snow-white, golden-haired, blue-eyed, and rosy-lipped beauty ; and Laura Elmer, the governess, a tall, dark, brilliant brunette and genius—the poet- ess of the day. The humble position of Miss Elmer was not known or suspected beyond the families of Beresleigh and Lester. Lady Lester, as I said, patronised Miss Elmer as the influential friend of the Baroness of Etheridge, and society accepted Miss Elmer at the hands of Lady Lester. That evening, as usual, the Duke of Beresleigh avoided Lady Etheridge, leav- ing her to be attended and followed by a troop of adorers, while he himself divided his attentions impartially among the ladies of his acquaintance present. Rose was principally surrounded by aspiring bachelors and widowers, and their anxious mothers and sisters ; and Laura by old litterateurs, who were, with an odd mixture of curiosity, jealousy, and admiration, welcoming a new-comer into their Olympian sphere, and by others who, without having any literary jealousy or matrimonial designs, simply delighted in the conversation of a brilliant woman, or were proud of a poetical celebrity. Sir Vincent Lester was present, but looking so ill and so pre-occupied, as to draw upon himself the notice and the softly murmured criticisms of many pre- sent ; until at length Lady Lester, observing these things, went and whis- pered to him her advice that he should plead indisposition, and retire. And Sir Vincent, glad to escape, immediately fol- lowed her counsel. Lady Lester, in watching the moodi- ness of Sir Vincent for the last few days, was in serious anxiety for his health and reason ; and could find but one solution for the problem. "He is in love with Miss Elmer. These dark-haired people are very uncer- tain, impulsive, and unreasonable, and difficult to be restrained by Church or State ; I am sure, of the two evils, I would rather the girl should encourage him a little than that he should be look- ing and acting so strangely, as to draw upon himself the animadversions of all our friends," she thought. While Lady Lester was thus seeking and not finding out the true explanation of the baronet's uneasiness, her son Ruth- ven Lester, by patience and perseverance, in watching and availing himself of the first opportunity, had succeeded in de- taching Lady Etheridge from all others, and leading her into the recess of a bay window, where, with the confidence of a young man on admirable terms with himself, he declared his passion, and made a formal offer of his hand. Lady Etheridge, inwardly amused at his self-conceit, thanked him for the honour he intended her ; but begged leave to decline it. And when the young gentleman would have pressed his suit, she terminated the interview by rising and joining tho company. To be Continued. 