. ? ii. ?. 1 V ?' SUA ;- Tbe threatened irapture between Italy and tiie .newfy-feetablishecl 'Republic of Bra'tfl pcrintedly ^irMa 'lattMifiSSIPlo a matterwhi&i; is fast growing- in£? rone of very deaded importaaoe. graAi has respect to the right of sexoilarfbn^ wlilch itla^-ecomlne 'fiie fasKcm tto iiffiume that any State may its will and ' pleasure. The ^ ^epiiljlioan Grovemment oF Brazil have simply fol lowed in th* footsteps if ^aNiniited States Au^trab^ Pnly instead of liefeilSog with^. Btetelj^t^'dwS^ken ui^troai dee^pt^ht^n^i^y,have bAra 0re 0tpenjneht.of a^Kwioiii par ticularly wide-awake to ? Its; growing importance. ^ The otidwer 3|£b .'teen prompt. jEtaSj has no in tendon of permitting her eubjeote to be treated as pariahs b^the -9orercment iofA.prof^s aedly' friendly fitate, . ttzid ; ^he tre&- pasa upon International rights has fed to a thtosteoed Intetroptioa of diplomatic, 'relations ' ^itl| the pxpect of Italian irondads - . put tang in as unwelcome appearance at Rio 'de Janeiro. Bat tholkgh thia may be on tbe cards, it is not At all likely the matter will fee pressed to such extremity. Hie Republican Government have more tha&'e&cttgh; hand at present in the attempt to con trol domestic difficulties, without em broiling themselves in a one-sided foreign war. Tbe strong probability therefore is that the threat already made will have its due effect in causing the re -consideration of the. Brazilian decision, and that her Government will defer action in the contemplated direc tion until they are in a better position to hold their own. Still, though this may settle the difficulty for the time being, it does not in the least dispose of the actual question at issue, tince it may be assumed that Bad any first class Power stood in the Brasiliah place the Italian action might not have been quite vb prompt, or so decisive. The matter for argument is tbe propriety ot the course adopted as it affects the comity of Nations. In discussing the subject, those who 6trongly contend foe the right of ex clusion never fail to immediately employ such phrases as ' tbe dumping of pauper immigrants' and 44 tbe demoralising effects of contact with low caste races.' The objection to both of these is sound and forcible ; but it would seem that only when the nocessity has arisen and proper representations on the subject have failed to check an undue influx of the objectionable element, should reoourse be had to so drastic a measure as exclusion. The dumping of pauper immigrants pre supposes an active agency on the part of the damper. By no stretch of diplomatic oourtesy could this be con strued into anything but an unfriendly act, and persistence in such a course, despite protest, would justify the adoption of protective measures. The argument equally applies to the undue influx of low caste raoes, but it has no force as 'affecting the exclusion of strangers arriving in common course and in ordinary numbers, simply be cause they happen to be of the poorer classes. To shut these out is to offer a gross afi'ront to their National flag, with the certainty that it will be hotly resented in every case where there ia the power to back the will. Further, such a course is not only opposed to the comity of Nations but to the spirit of modern progress. It is a reversion to die old forms which in the past have eo sadly hampered the march of civilisation. If an example be needed, let note be taken of the present condi tion of China, where the inheritors of a civilisation more ancient than our Druidical rites have, as a consequence of their exclusive conservatism, degene rated into a state of setm-barbarism.. Not only has this re-acted most inju riously upon themselves, but it was held to perpetrate a common wrong upon others sufficient to justify active resentment. Therefore, on the flimsiest pretext, war was declared by the Western Nations against the Eastern exclusives, and China was compelled, by tbe opening of the five treaty ports, to retire from tbe position Australia and Brazil are preparing to re-occupy. Again, if the exclusive practise is to obtain, at what point is it to stop ? Is it to be limited to Chinese and Italians, or is it to be made of such all-round general application by a system of reprisals, as shall have the effect of erecting a ring fence round every country of the world, impassable by all but certain privileged classes 3 If this be deemed a carrying of the ' argument to the fid absiirdum point, let it be remembered that in connection with the Chinese Restriction Bill a proposition was actually made in the Victorian House of Assembly to include German laborers, and those of other European Nationalities within the scope of its operations. Further, there is at the present time an agita tion in active progress to secure Wes tern Australia in tbe power, under her new Constitution, to exclude, not foreigners but British subjects from their common right of access to every portion of the Queen's dominions ; and there is no assurance that the extension of the principle would stop short of the rule by which the savage trespassing on the tribal lands of bis neighbors is dealt with as an enemy, and slain on eight. Upon the grounds set forth we therefore contend that the ex clusive principle is one to be deprecated rather than encouraged, as being opposed to the rights which the subjects of friendly States may fairly claim, and detrimental to the best interests of humanity. The recent incident also brings clearly into view tbe fact that exclusion may be attended with no little degree of danger where those affected are strong enough to make themselves heard and felt. Possi bly the Chinese protest against the - Australian course might have been as vigorous as the Italian, if these Colonies only had to be dealt with, ; and that the restriction of protest to , diplomatic representation only is due more to a correct estimate of British : Naval strength than to any respect for j the frothy defiance indulged in by 13 ir Henxy Parkes. How the Government . at Pelrin are still chafing under the ' affront offered to their National dignity appears in the recent assurance of the Chinese Envoy to 8ir Hallidny Macartney, that his Government in tend to insist upon being aooorded an but cnuaHipfflljhi fi pint Jbym *£of ^hs, - ItAiairmellgeljb Brt≪, afid the jnp matio*T 'is one which the few tkneasy gpinrayaamorous for AuBtraiianvfan . depeuaenoB jnay jxmder oyer^ wi£b jHxjfifc. - lt**Iimply opens' up the ques tion of jourpoWier to bade our will, and in giving *Ahe matter-more mature oon gideratiQn,T ^fche fact ?niay pe ^better reaKsed|tbat rbstrfctioiti. is ia pblic^ which very strongly imposes the neces sity to defend its adoption with some thing more forcible than one-sided arguments. ' In another oolumn. appears a letter written by Mr 'W. H. Burgees, Leader of the Opposition, and who held the office °jof 3freafeUrer In the jsrevioiis AAfainistratioiL Mr Burgess deals with the' aiinanoial position of the Colony, showing the condition of the State Treasury, and giving a sketch of the . Colony's financial history during tbe V drift* system adopted by Ministers. We recommend all interested in the Colony's welfare to /carefully study Mr Burgees' statements, and oomparethem with ' the figures adduced by tbe Premier and Treasurer daring the Buckingham campaign. ? Dbaih o? ah OLD-kJLONisr.— TheflagB of the shipping of the port were half-mast yesterday -Mi^reepeot to the :*memory of Captain Charle& Begetat^ ,*who died at the General Hospital on Saturday. He was born at George Town In September, .1828.. Early wishing to follow a scaring lite be was tatight navigation fey tbe late Captain Pullen (B.E.I. Company's service), who at that tim'e *ras maiding at George Town.- He then made his first voyage with the late Captain Gwatfcfn ia - the brig Scout /an African slave vessel captured bv a British cruiser andaold). Working hia way up under Captain John Tregnrtha in the Peri and ; other ? vessels he, after being chief officer for some years with him, obtained command. Daring the stirring tim& at the outbreak of the gold discovery in Victoria he was trading between this port and the other colonies, anl on Messrs. Cummings, Raymond, and Company commencing operations at the Tiiver Don be took command of the brig Mary Grant. With this firm he remained many years, and though the firm has since become tbe Don Trading Company, he Only severed his con neotioa with it a few years since, when age and infirmity compelled him to seek employment nearer bis home. His last vessel was che e-fi- Linda, from which he had to be carried to his death-bed. With the exception of two voyages he was always engaged in the Australian and New Zealand trades, being one ot the first traders to what was then the new port of Wallaroo. He was For many years in Messrs. Moore and Quiggan's employ in various vessels, and many of the present shipmasters in Australia have gone through the mill under the old skipper, amongst those being tbe present harbormaster at Lfiucceston, who , served his apprenticeship under him, and remained TOth him, passing through all grades. Captain Begent was a thorough representative of the old school of sailors, now fast disappearing, and he had a great contempt for the steamship of tbe present day. Though outwardly reserved, and a strict disciplinarian, he was a kind good friend to those under him, and has left a large number of friends in this and tbe othflr colonies, where be has long been re garded as one of the old pioneers of the Australian trade. The deceased was brother to the master of the s.s. Wybia. He has been a great sufferer tbe last few years from asthma and rheumatism, and euc eumbed after a long and painful illness, borne with great patience and resignation. Thefuneral takes place to day, and although the deceased was not officially connected with the Marine Board, we understand the men tn that service will follow the remains. Tub Rkv. Thos Spubgbon.— 1 This gen tleman, who has been enjoying a holiday to recruit his strength for the past two or three months, preached yesterday morning and evening at the Tabernacle. At the morning service he selected his text from the second epistle of Thessalonians, 3 ch., 5 v., and addressed an earnest exhortation to Christians. In the evening he based bis remarks on St Luke's gospel, 11th ch., 31 and 32 verses, and in dealing with Lis sub ject aaid that it was not his intention to preach tbe gospel to them, they had heard that often enough and probably knew it as well as he did. He believed no city in the colonies had greater gospel privileges than Launceston. It was his duty, then, to tell them of tbe effect of rejecting the gospel. They had become bo used to tbe story that they resembled the bird which was aaid to have built its nest on the sleepers of a railway line. He then en tered on a comparison of the claims of Christ and Bolomon, showing bow much greater Christ was than the Jewish king. He then referred to the people of Nineveh, who believed in God on first hearing His message, and had proved the sincerity of their belief by their actions. He said in fancy hi* could picture the judgment day, when those there present who had not accepted Christ should be called up for judgment, and the men of Nineveh would rise up to reproach them, lie besought them, ere it was too late, that very night to accept the offer of God's mercy and heed the gospel message with which they were so familiar. Pu&ijc; Works.— The following tenders have been accepted by the Public Works Department:— Road, Oyster Cove to Three But Point, deviation at Grosse's and Bea dle's, contract 2, J. I. Charlton, £233 15s 2d; road, George's Bay to Lottah, contract 3, W. Essterbrook. £454 18s ; road from Richmond main road through Dulcot, contract 1, W. and J. Keane, £47 15s; Hamilton and Barrington road, contract 1, north end, G. Taroer, £268 iOa 9d ; contract 2, 60uth end, J. Campbell, £200 ; Dowsing'* road, near Peppermint Bay, contract 1, J. W. and A. H. Farnell, £74; branch road to Bedfern's, Appledori't?, Darkow'e, and others, contract 1, II. Fehlberg, £31 10s; road, Moleswortb School, Sorell Creek to Bismarck, contract 1, W. Doran, £130; road, from selections of Raynors and others to Ixbridge road, contract 1. J. Ryan, jun., (£G4 3s; road, Uxbridge up GobbeyV Creek to C. Clarke's selection, contract 1, W. and J. Booth, £267 5s; South-road, Circular Head, contract 7, M. Breheney, £03 17s 6d ; Weetwood Bridge over Meander River road via Westwood, repairs, G. P. Brumby, £187 lis lid, -and for removing and fixing underdeck, 17s 6d per 100ft super, additional ; road, Bemind to Zeehoa, section Comstock to Stiver Queen, contract 1, J. Simpson, £73 2s Od ; roads, vicinity of Forestier's Peninsula, contract 1, W. Dalton, £108 Is, contract 2, J. Corbett, jun., £68 10s 3d ; roade, parish of Anderson, road Brickmakere' Ray to selections, contract 2, A. Ainslie, £106 6a 3d ; parish of Marland, road to Morrison's and other selections, contract 10, W. Flaherty, £135 15s ; Cam and Seabrook, road leading from Mount Hicks' road to PurneH's lot6, contract 22, C. J. Fen ton, £122 36s; jetty at Cairns' Bay, Honre and Flynn Brothers, £240; Railton school, additions, Biggins and Hainsworth, school, £4 6s ; residence, £2311s9d; total, £27 17s Od; Infectious Diseases Hospital tite, Launceston. grad ing, levelling, and asphalting, F. Boland, £256 12s; Bonding Store, H.M. Customs, liobart, repairs, painting, etc, J. J. ttaher, £77 14} tid. The tender of Lyons and Palmer for contract 1, reserved road, Scott6 dale West, leading to Captain Holmes and others, gazetted 22nd April, 18&0, is hereby transferred to Patrick Lyons. Obpbsvs Clqb.— The next musical event of the season takes place this week, just leaving time for the city to recover from the last. The Orpheus Club concerts take place on Thursday and Friday, and, judging from tbe sketch of tbe programme con tained in a circular letter addressed by tbe club to its Launceston friends, there is much that is new and attractive to delight those large and appreciative audiences which are always the portion of the Southern musical society. The Cbbatiqn.— At Christ Church this evening this lively and beautiful work will be put into rehenrsaL This gives a fine opportunity for study of the great masters, the ' Mesnah ' and ' Elij&h; ' having intro duced several young vocalists possessing 1 exceptionally good voices, and should en courage others to go aud do likewise. it is : notified in another column that practice - begins at 7 '30 p.m. i ^Saturday moraimg iiiMi£ara£dJqUrit-8 - theRn&eld; Hotel, Charle^creet/AS Messrs. W. % Bfell and Co.'s sale yards, which are rlpse by, are always largely patronised on Saturdays, the trial was witnessed by s good number «of dairymen, ^farmwvanu others, who seemed much surprised at tbe very efE£otivG and expeditious way tbe machine ~4lid *its -work. - Mr js.-Aj Lister, who introduced this separator to L&un-; ceaton* was present and explained the con-, strucnon ofj±ie machine and'ite mode o& working.- Themost important feat cure cf the Alexandra is' that tne cylinder works on an independent baU spindle; and is not in one piece r 'like ^tW 4-e kLavaL This enables the cylinder to revolve at a much more rap^d paoe than it would otherwise do, whue tne manual labor is extremely easy, fc^Wlll bVgathared from the fact that *rhile the handle of the separator .makes 40 revolutions aihiniite, the cylinder or milk ]well revolves 6500 times. About Ave gaUons of milk was put through tbe machine which Was a small hand-power one, and it did its work temarkably well. . It ^a. claimed that' the AlexSndra Arill separate from SO to 200 gallons per hoar, and 60 gallons en hour can be got through very easily. The trial was a very successful one, and in Tasmania the machines should become very popular. We may add that Messrs, W. Hart and Sons have been appointed the agentsforNorthern j Tasmania, end that an order tor a number i of these macoines has already been sent to j England. Mr B. A. Lister -leaves for tbe ' capital to*day, and 'will give an exhibition of the separator during the week. ' 1 Chabitajilb Concb&t.;— The concert held in the City Park yesterday in aid of the ! sufferers by the recent floods at Bourke, i N.S.W., Was a de&lded; success, as far as numbers were concerned, and the amount : taken shoifld be highly satisfactory. The , music which St. Joseph's Band discoursed i was muoh appreciated during the. after-! noon. TChis band is ever foremost in con- , fcributing towards objects demanding the | monetary sympathy of the community, and is always anxious to lend a helping hand, 1 free of charge, and the members are to be ; congratulated upon this trait. Thb Sphosboscopb.— This entertain- 1 ment continues to draw fairly good houses at the Pavilion, and the ghosts or specttee appear to be milch appreciated by those who crave for things of a mysterious 'nature. The concluding portion of the show, entitled u Kalypso,' is a decidedly clever illusion, * The Spectroscope will be continued to-day. AktI'Srcuwhtsm.— -Mr H, G. Picton, of the .Christian Evidence Society, Sydney, delireted an address to a very Urge audience on tbe Market Green yesterday. The tenor of the address went to show that Secularism was foiling both in the colonies l and 5 in England. -Dnring Mr Pieton's 1 recent visit to England he made enquiries, I and found that the disciples of Secularism I bad failed in maintaining the balls which I they engaged, and even the leaders of the 1 party Could not draw large audiences. The I address was listened to very attentively, ! and at its conclusion one of the local I exponents of Secularism dilated at length on his favorite theme to a diminished and [ amused audience Rainfall in Tasmania. — The Govern ment meteorological observer. Captain J. Shortt, R.N., reports the rainfall for the week ending May 3, 1890, as follows : — Southport, 037in ; Hobart, 0 U1; Apslawn, 009; Avoca, 044 ; Mathiqna, 0 15 ; Swnn Island, 016; Low Head, 0*70 ; Launceston, 0 77 ; Deloraibe,! 08; Emu Bay, 1*31 ; W Bra- tab, 1 62. Sbcond Chop op Apples.— A correspon dent writes: — In walking through Mr J. ! Sayer's garden at the Sandhill recently he showed me a tree of apples which is the second crop this season. The tree blossomed after Christmas (it was loaded with fruit at tbe same time), and now has a fine crop of fruit, some of them measuring 6 in round. Lbctubb at Ross.— We are requested to remind our readers of the Roes and Camp bell Town neighborhoods that Sir Morville Wraxall, Bart., has promised to deliver bis popular lecture, entitled ' Personal Be mininscences of the Indian Mutiny,' in the public schoolroom, Ross, on Friday even ing, May 16. 8lr Morville Wraxall is already well and favorably known to tbe public of both Uobart and Launceston as a successful lecturer, and as his discourse will be illustrated by beautiful dissolving limelight views it should prove very at tractive. A small charge will be made for admission, tbe proceeds being devoted towards the mission carried on by Mr Fred N. Charrington amongst tbe poor of East London. City Policb Co pet.— Mr E. Whitfeld, J.P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday. One person for disturbing the peace on the previous day on the wharf was fined 10a and costs, and a drunkard was fined 5s, with the usual alternative. Evakdalb. — Our correspondent wrote on Saturday: — A leoture on *' Dreams' was delivered in the Presbyterian Sunday school last evening Tbe chair was occu pied by the Rev. J. Russell, who gave an explanation of how the Bev. D. 6. Brunton had been induced to favor tbe people of Evandaie with bis popular lecture on 'Dreams,' after which he briefly intro duced the lecturer. A most enjoyable evening was spent by those present, and the night being bright moonlig&t; was very favorable for those who bad come a long distance and had to return after the meet ing was over.— 1 here have been two public stock sales here this week, one in Fall's yards by Messrs W. T. Bell and Co. on Friday, the other in the yards near tbe Prince of Wales' Hotel by the Tasmanian Woolgrowers' Company on Thursday last. —Now that there is new blood infused into I the road trust it is generally expected that I tbe streets and drains around tbe township will have a little more attention paid to them. I am informed that tbe new mem i ber intends to do his best for all—One of 1 our farmers is so well pleased (?) with tbe result of the last season that he is selling off, and going to retire from farming altn : pother. Hay was eold yesterday by auc 1 tion at £1 10s per ton sheaved. — The codlin moth tax is a 6tiff one this time, but it does not appear to affect the grub. Sanitaby Undkbclothiko.— The im portance of preserving tbe body from sudden chills iB now recognised, bence tbe strong recommendation of the medical : faculty that all parts of the body should be covored by a light, elastic, porous woollen garment. We nre glad to see that Messrs. Pepper and Perrin, tbe well known Bris bane-street drapers, have taken this busi ness up with some 6pirit, and have im ported a stock of ladies', gentlemen's, and children's sanitary underclothing that the most critical doctor would ap prove of. The real beauty of these gar ments is tbat|they fit the form exactly, are quite porous, and made of a fine eoft wool, eo that the most delicate skin would not be irritated. With the usual business astuteness of this firm they have imported them direct from the manufacturers, so that customers may buy at the lowest cash price without the accumulated profits of the middle-men. Those that nelieve that prevention is better than cure will do w^ll to buy their stock before the infiuenra epidemic sets in. Ulvbbbtokb. — Our North West Coast re presentative writes:— It may not be gener ally known that in the parson of Mr Foster Leek, our esteemed watchhouse-keeper, we have a descendant of an nnnsnally long lived family in the Old Country, and oue who, to judge irom fine physique and quiet and regular babita, promises to maintain tbe family longevity in these Southern climtw. Tbe following is a clipping from the Jjteda Aferrury, and records tbe death and aome particulars of an aunt of our fellow towns man :— 'Death of a Yorkshire centenarian. Mrs Ann Leek, of Kilpin, near Howdetu died this week in her IQlat year. She had resided in that village since she was two years old, and -was married in 1609. She had lived in the same bouse 99 years. She had nine children, of whom six are still living, 62 grandchildren, four greatgrand children, and six Rreat^reat-grandchildren. She latterly resided with her son, Mr Thomas Leea. Her eldest son, who is 74 years cf age, lives at Harrogate. Two others, who emigrated to Australia 40 years ago, came over to see the old lady last year. She and her husband were connected with i tbe Wesleyan body, and before a chapei , was built at Kilpin, nervices were held in i their house. She bad been confined to the ' house for six years, but her faculties were | good to the lost. j The programme of business is published ' in our advertising columns for next Fri- j day's meeting of the Launceston Parlia- | mentary Debating Society. J 