Silo Data.. From illustrated bulletin 19 ol The Wis consin Experiment Station, fit Madieon, de voted exclusively to silo-building, filling crops for the purpose, etc., we extract the following notes, indicating ibat there is still room for much further investigation, notwithstanding the great amount of attention devoted to the Eubjeot during the last few years : '• The high temperature developed in the silo under present management means a breaking down and waste of food elements wbich should not be thus destroyed until within the animal body, where they could be utilised. How to prevent any more heating than is essential to make ensilage, if, indeed, any whatever is necessary, is a problem we have hardly attempted to solve, but which is certainly of great importance if further pro gress is to be made. The heat generated by the fermentation is an indication of the losses occurring. We can not expect to take out of the silo a greater or even the same amount of nutritive matter aB is placed in it, but by observing all possible { precautions this loss can be reduced to its lowest point. i " Sweet ensilage is produced neither by wilting the corn nor by allowing a day's fill ing to heat up to a certain temnerature before more is added, but to the fodder corn having reached what may be called a natural state, and being less watery. " There is danger of relying too much on corn ensilage for maintaining the herd. If this practice is kept up we believe that serious results may ensue, for there is no single load in existence which ia entirely satisfactory for sny long period of feeding. " The eilo goes with high-pressure farm ing; those who are satisfied to carry no more cattle than can consume the straw and cornstalks usually produced on the farm, have little need ol a change. The farmer who needs the silo is one who is carrying a large number o! cattle upon a given area and needs more ' roughage' for them. Before adopting the eilo many should change their system of farming." It is a well known fact that the different domestic animals of the farm all pull and eat their grass in different ways. This is partly due to several causes, such as the pre dilection of each kind for particular grasses, and aversion to others, and also the arrange ment of the incisor teeth in the moutb, as well as the size of the muzzle itself. The sheep is one of the closest feeders we have; in fact, with the exception of the rabbit and the kangaroo, it will eat a pasture barer than any other animal. This is, of course, due to the small size of the mouth, together with the predilection for finer grasses. Next to the Bheep comes the horse in this respect, lor, although his mouth is large, yet the fact that he has teeth above and below enables him to bite close. It is very noticeable in 'a pasture where horees are alone, that they eat over the land very unequally. Some of the *• sweeter" epots are nibbled into the very coots, while other spots are not touched, but lef^Tongh. Cattle, on the other band, have nofonly a large muzzle, but also the absence of upper teeth, bo that, of necessity, they cannot bite fine or close, and, therefore, we find with them that their graBS is rougher and less bare in parts than with the others. A person pretending to have eeen a ghost, wao asked what the apparition said to Thim. " How .((herald I know?;" be -replied j a I afei obt sfciififei & the de'&d; JanjfGages." 