GOLD. We extract the following from the Golden Aye of February 7, a paper pub lished at Johannesberg, the town which is the centre of the principal goldfields in the Transvaal:-" A day or two ago, in the course of a conversation with a prominent broker the usual question was propaunded: 'Well, how's tusiness !' 'Don't speak of it,' was the forlorn response. ' I never saw things so blue. To show you how bad they really are, I, and a great number of brokers, have for months past lived on one meal a day, and it is often a matter of dilliculty to pay for that and one's lodgings.' Generally things are sick and sorry, and there are more deaths in Johannesberg than there are sales." Our Beaconsfield correspondent reports on March 19 c-Tasmania.-Water still up, preventing work being done in lowest level ; stone being gat from other parts of the mine. All pumps going, battery crush ing. East Tasmania.-Nothing new to report. West Tasmania.-Getting things ready for opening out from main shaft at 1 100ft. Cleaned up from a crushing of 50 tons. Result not up to expectations. Brandy Creek.-Shaft down about 121ft; still in good country and dry. Cosmo politan.-Driving. Connecting old work ings with drive from new shaft. Little Wonder and Moonlight.-Various works going on in these mines. The latter will be starting to sink another 100ft shortly. Ophir Deep Lead.-Rods being fixed now, attempting to draw. Mining works to be resumed. Will be pumping out shaft to morrow. Phconix.-Not much improve ment in progress. A Strahan correspondent of the Mercury reports that quartz mining on the West Coast "has temporarily been almost sus pended, with the exception of the Madam uloward, under the able management of Mr Peter Irvine, who has, since taking charge, begun work in a permanent manner The sinking of an underlay shaft to the depth of 100ft on the reef has been let to Mr Lorraine, and fair progress is being made. Should the reef live down to this depth,as indications favour, the work will' then be pushed ahead. The Macquarie Company's battery has breen purchased, and will be re-erected on the Madame Howard's ground so soon as the Government have completed the road. The Princess Com pany, I understand, are taking out a crush ing from another part of their reef, and if it prove favourable there is still a hope of future prosperity for this Company. The scarcity of water prevents a crushing taking place of about 100 tons of stone, they have to grass already, but there are only two men working besides the manager. The old King River claim has at last given up the ghost, the enormousamountof money x ponded by this Company in the endeavours to obtain a payable lode has met with undo served failure, and is regretted by all. During the time this Company have been working vast sums of money have been paid for labour, and the class of the com munity who benefit so much by this expen diture will miss the payment regularly made by the Company. It was thought a shaft would be sunk to a depth of 100ft or 150ft, but this to all intents and purposes has been abandoned, and the works hung up, The amalgam from the recent crushing of 69 tons of stone from the Amalgamated West Tasmania has given 67oz of retorted gold, being nearly equal to loz 3dwt per ton. The vicissitudes of mining life were well illustrated in a recent case at Reefton, on the West Coast of New Zealand. A man was sued by his butcher for £9 ls. Defend ant said he had only a few valueless mining shares, which he was quite willing to hand over to his creditor, but which the latter declined. In ten days a discovery in an adjoining claim sent up the value of one parcel of these same shares to £900, the scrip from being worth nothing reaching 3s ad. 