Bathurst Free Press 'Magna est veritas et praevalebit' MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1890. Local and General. AGRICULTURAL CLASS. — An agricultural class will start at the Technical School, under Mr. Ross' supervision, on Friday, 11th April. We understand that twelve intending students have already sent in their names. Young men desirous of joining the class should communicate with Mr. Ross without delay. LEASES APPROVED. — The undermentioned applications tor gold-mining leases have been approved : — W. S. James, Hargraves, 2 acres parish Hargraves ; J. Shepherd and another, Sofala, 2 acres parish Nalbarton ; G. Downe and others, Hill End, 5 acres parish Bruinbin. WESLEYAN. — There was a large congregation at the William-street Wesleyan Church last night to hear Rev. R. Allen preach his farewell sermon, prior to his departure for Mudgee, to which circuit he has been appointed. The rev. gentleman took for his text the Apostolic benediction : — 'The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' And from these words he preached an eminently practical sermon, full of sound Christian teaching and exhortation. Mr. Allen has served his three years in the Bathurst circuit with much acceptance, and the adherents of the Wesleyan Church here will be sorry to lose him. His successor, as previously stated, will be Rev. H. Jones, who comes from Queensland. RESERVE RIFLE COMPANY. — At a committee meeting the Reserve Rifle Company held on Saturday, it was decided to hold the competition for the Hawthorne Cup on Wednesday afternoon, the 2nd April, instead of the competition for Hon. W. H. Suttor's trophy, which will be shot for next Wednesday, the 9th. This was deemed advisable so as to ensure a practice at 500 and 600 yards before the match, which will take place on Saturday between this club and three visiting teams, viz., the Singleton, St. Leonards, and Naval Brigade. All members who can are requested to attend, especially the following, from whom the team will probably be selected :— G. Hulks, J. W. Smith, Burton Smith, Dr. Spencer, W. S. Hodge, J. R. Jones, Harold Kite, A. J. Dowse, F. B. Kenny, H. A Stokes, Harold McIntosh, Norman Suttor and J. T. Slack. A committee meeting will be held on the range after the practice. RIFLE ASSOCIATION.— At a meeting of the Council of the N. S. Wales Rifle Association held in Sydney on Friday the rules were brought under consideration and as the result will probably be of interest to many in the country districts we give an account of the principal alterations made. In No. 13 the wording was amended thus : 'Competitors must be ready to fire when their turn comes, and the score at that range of any competitor may be disallowed by an executive officer if he occupy more than one minute in firing a shot after the target is clear.' The meeting resolved that all ties shall be decided by firing three shots, shot by shot, at the longest or only target on the range; that recoil pads fixed in the heel of rifles will not in future be allowed, and that in the revolver matches on receiving the caution 'all clear,' the competitor will flre his six shots, the last three from the present and without full cocking. In future, also, no competitor will be allowed to join a squad after it has been marched off to the firing point except by permission of an executive officer. Disqualification will also follow in the case of any competitor found using ammunition other than that used by the association. THE SCHOOL CADET CORPS. — The Minister for Public Instruction has approved of the uniforms for the senior cadets, of whom there have been enrolled 150 — 90 in the infantry and 60 in artillery. The uniform fot the infantry is to be buff color, similar to that worn by the mounted infantry. There will be a felt hat and the headgear. The artillery uniform is to consist of a red coat and blue serge trousers. The enrolment in the cadet corps generally still continues to be made freely from all the schools, showing that the movement has been widely taken up. One of the regulations provides for children not attending public school being permitted to join the school corps, and the Minister is gratified at learning that this provision is being availed of, and mainly in the country towns. In one town in the country the whole of the boys in a private grammar school have joined the corps and arrangements are now in progress in other towns for a similar course to be taken. In some cases pupil teachers are forming a senior cadet corps. Several parades of the school corps have been held and drilling is carried out with vigor. It is proposed to have a general parade of the force on Accession Day, June 20, and the Governor will be asked to review the cadets. Very little extra work is, we learn, entailed upon teachers and scholars, the drill being carried on such days and at such times as to cause but little additional inconvenience and trouble. PLOUGH TRIAL. — Owing to the wet, Messrs. E. Webb and Co. have found that it will be impossible to hold the trial of Howard's digging plough on Mr. Cunningham's farm, as originally arranged ; and they have therefore secured Mr. Sinnot's farm, at the rear of Messrs. Oakes and Co.'s saleyards, where the ground is not so soft. The trial will take place to-morrow. DEAD INFANT FOUND. — One day last week the grave diggers found a grave disturbed in the Roman Catholic Cemetery, and upon closer examination discovered that a box had been placed only a little underground. They unearthed the box and then saw that it contained the body of an infant, apparently still-born. Without delay they communicated with the police authorities and the Superintendent had enquiries set on foot, with the result that a magisterial inquiry was held this morning at the hospital before the District Coroner, Mr. W. A. Steele, P.M. MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. — A wire from Windsor on Saturday says : — Some excitement has been caused in town this morning. A domestic servant at the Commercial Bank is missing. She left a note stating that she had gone to drown herself. Footprints supposed to be hers have been found leading to the edge of the river from the bank. The police are now dragging for the body. She is supposed to have left the house about six o'clock this morning, fully dressed, with the exception of her hat. She had lately been unwell, and took a holiday, but went about her work as usual on her return. AMONGST our Specialities for the present season is an elegantly cut Chesterfield (close fit), for walking purposes, made in all shades of light dressed Melton. The style is graceful, and when finished with double stitched edges and silk serge, facings to match color, this garment to say the least, is simply 'recherhe.' Made to order at Webb's.— Advt. 