THE MERCURY.! HOBART FRIDAY, MAY tS, WO. I I i EPITOME OF NEWS; A V " Clean sheet at Clarence Court yesterday, To night is billed as " the city fashionable" at the Rink. . , , .,.., The Premier returns home by express train' to-day, ' ii ; ;-..i:.'.'i... -:..- M-.. M -. Fire Brigade Board do not think a Salvage' Corps necessary in Hobart. ?- :.: -. '.' I ,".- Inquest on child found on sewage, farm: adjourned till Wednesday. .,. - ; . ,,;.;:t, | ; Fisheries Commission rejected petition for extension of net fishing boundaries in Der-! went,-' ,.',';;'? '",',' ''., '57.,' ..":.";.' " ; Man named Johnson thrown from his horse at Ballahoo yesterday. Injuries will incapacitate him for some few weeks. Synod arrested in South America. _ Ringmaster going up in the" Manchester! Cup betting. More Australians mentioned as likely real, expense of Birthday, honours. Peter Jackson knocked out Ed. Smith in five rounds. - ' Artisans Dwellings Bill introduced into the British House of Commons, . .?? ¡ German proposals for a universal telegraph rate rejected by the Conference. I Probable' that President Harrison ' will assent to the Silver Currency Bill. .?--??. A' German statistician estimates a big increase in beet culture in that country. 1 , if Freights to Australia will, probably beret duced next month.. .. ".French'armv exceeds German by 27 that-: stations, at least so says Marshal' Bibenstoin.; Dividend of 5 per cent, declared by Aus-; tralian Wine Importation Co. .???..??: j . Irish company formed with the object of shipping meat to England. I " Particulars of Dacca disaster to hand: Officers and crew behaved splendidly., Mr. John Burt, M.R., elected president of the Miners' Congress in Brussels. ? Plain speaking by the Judge regarding the Sparks bankruptcy in Melbourne. i Major Panitza denies Russian instigation led to the recent conspiracy. . France ' has signed the papers for the Egyptian loan conversion. : Shuter, captains Surrey, in the match against Australia. America declines to abide by the finding in the Behring Straits difficulty. i Broken Hill Proprietary stock £12 17s. 6d on the London market. -'?'.' ?' Parnell says Australia acted nobly towards the Home Rule party., .,., j ' ; 'Conflicting advices respecting the' Arcadia shipment of apples. ?" ; " '.' I The lucky Duke won the Newmarket Stakes with Memoir, Kirkhom fifth. -One life lost- in the Dacca maritime disaster. ..-.?/.:.!,;; ?.-:.';:,-. -, i .???. , : ! . :. Colonel Brownrigg appointed to command of the 3rd Battalion Rifle Brigade in India. I Fears entertained for the safety of David Christie Murray the novelist.: -';'??...'' i Tasmanian apples, per Arcadia, arrived in only medium condition. Averaged 13s. 6d. to 11s.; per case. - j closure rules to be adopted in the Commons in relation to debates on the Irish Land Purchase Bill; '.:--, : ? ,, .. ri A Select Committee. of the Commons, on the financial relations of England, Ireland, and Scotland assented to by the Government. [ Labour riots in Bohemia. e, Rioters fired on by military, and fatalities and casualties i ensued. '; ..-, *,-.. . in - ...-. -in- ..? "?: .',- j Want of confidence motion tabled in the. Victorian House'of-'Assembly: House adjourned till Tuesday, I still j ?,-,; like ; - J ! THE visit of MAYBERRY GEORGE to ; these colonies has had more than one unexpected effect., -The most remarkable one: as, beyond question; the impression: which he has made on the protectionists- of Victoria and- Queens . and,, who used, (to, be fond of quoting the United States as an example of the wonders, which protection can,, accom1 piisKin the way "ofËenéfltiqg before'-' sun-glasses. The; protectionists used; to refuse to listen to; thosè'^h'ërè' wholesale lhem\,,that,.,iabqiir\''yi,tk' not so well off in -Americans: in these 'j-cojoniesyl-as Bèing.'.pèrBohs|who|j were, leagued -Wit^^hç^ictódímppc^rs^hpi supply the people : with > cheap -? goods, ! and, worst of all;! build- big;.b|ue-stoiie warehouses!,;;I They liquid' npt;.hpweyéf,; refuse to listen to Mr. HENRY GEORGE, as! he came credited to them as demo-, crab of the very first water, who has a ' scheme to put the worldtó^ghts' and; to banish poverty^^.evennóreili.'Ifeltolil them that labour was often paid in the United States at the rate of 40 costs or ls SÍáday, and that-Yes at,that0low( rate it was sometimes hard to find em-: ; ployment. After some consideration, the protectionists have, we son, found Than answer,: which is that: the dock-" labourers in London' have to' work; for 4d. an hour, and this, they say, is, what freetrade has done for Great Britain: Why so; 'much . satisfaction" is found in, the, reply.) we are. quite,; unable to discover,: since it does not' touch the fact that protection does' not keep up wages in the United States, whilst it certainly increases the cost of living very considerably., The two facts, for a they are facts taken together, should lead : people, we think,' v to consider whether, stomach is not expected from systems, Sandra - that deal tab much ascribed to them., We might illustrate what we' mean by a very large number of, examples drawn from many countries. which ought, to con vince^eyenithe most obstinate that the conditionofàpeopîe is'pWtérmined by, many: more'!ttuaga¿ltb^\':the racial' policy is a Government. France for it: to ^ju-iUu-jn ha.«irtco!i aTA. Uic" I l ,exjj_nph£iq,as protective in her policy as she well can be, so much so that it is understood that she will not re- new the commercial treaties with foreign Powers - which expire next year, but will shut herself up even more closely than at the present time. Yet, anyone who has read the account of the state of the labouring classes in Paris, which appeared a few years ago in the Revue Des Deux Mondes, can- not but know that there is nothing so bad in London as cannot be found a parallel to in the capital of France. Again, if we take Belgium and Holland, both countries which have pursued a policy which is held to cure all evils, we find a state of affairs even worse than in England. Belgians were ready to flock over in hundreds, or even thousands, to do the work against which the dock labourers struck, and are constantly seeking to get to England, where they think that things are very much better for the workman than in their native country. In Holland, as we have all read of late, unskilled labour is paid at wages which would be held to be ridiculously low in England, whilst the food of the workmen is, generally, such as the English labourer would turn away from with scorn and contempt. Even the small landholders of France, the class which colonial workmen are said to envy, live in a manner which few Englishmen would submit to, and Work such hours as are enough to make the " fell " of hair of Trades Unions " rise and stir as life were in 'it." The mere fact that there is now, under the auspices of an Emperor an endeavour to get a cessation of work on Sundays as a great boon, ought to be sufficient to show that fiscal systems merely do not make or mar the position of the workman. And, further, we may refer to the endless disputes between Victoria and New South Wales on the subject of manufactures and the number of persons employed therein, as illustrative of the waste of time and energy over what are mostly idle differences. Ford if it can be shown that there are more manufactures in Victoria than in New South Wales, it does not, follow that one country is better off than the other. On the contrary, it might be argued with a great deal of force, that the colony which attracts the larger proportion of its population to the capital, is not in so good a way as the one which has its people more equally distributed. At all events, the fact that in Victoria one-half the population is in the towns, and at least one-third in Melbourne, is stated in a, recent article in an English magazine as a proof of the hollowness of the boasted prosperity. We do not think that the proof is worth much, as we know that the people are well off under the existing arrangements, but the fact is hardly one to boast of, as is the custom of Victorians. When too, we learn the wages earned by many by a very large proportion indeed, of the factory workers, we have no particular reason to envy their lot, or to desire to bring a similar state of affairs about by artificial means. These are all matters to be taken into consideration in discussions on fiscal policies, which, unfortunately, are generally conducted on political or private grounds, and the truth is not found, because it is not really sought. Mr. HENRY GEORGE has dispelled some delusions, which used to be most cherished, but we may safely predict that others will take their places. The latest statistics of the state of works and manufactures in the colonies, or rather in four of them, are to be found in the recent work of T. A. COGHLAN, the Government Statistician of New South Wales. Candidly looked at, they show that there is not much to choose between Victoria and New South Wales, so far as development goes, though we know that they have been used to prove the existence of two opposite states of affairs. Accord- ing to these statistics the number of persons engaged works and manufactures in 1888-89 was, in Victoria 54,472, and in New South Wales 45,564. "It is pointed out, however, that variations in the percentages are probably due to differences of clas- sification,' : about which there can 'no,' doubt';. We may expect, however, that the census: next year will remove many doubts as a method suggested, by Mr. JOHNSTON, Government Statistician of !Tasmania/will'be carried out, which will enable a proper classification to be made. In the meanwhile, if we turn to institutions which show the state of the working classes best, we mean the Savings Banks,; we shall find that there is not much to choose between the two' colonies! ' 11 1888' the amount in the Savings Banks' of, Victoria was £4,881;_98, and in those of New South Wales £4,037,67 5:;,:.; When we remember that the population of the parent,; colony; has. only. reached very recently that of her daughters we shall see that the coinparisionris all in favour of: the parent. The number of depositors in Victoria was, however, Very much larger than' in New, South Wales; a fact which seems to show, contrary to j expectation,' that thrift is more widely, spread, in the one' colony than in, the other. In any case, the facts both at Home and abroad are] such as to warrant much more careful statement than is-usually mode by 'brato^àndotheik,"';'';.' ;''';]'' ; THE wonderful faculty which the present. Ministry line for middling is constantly displaying itself, so that even the ways of a serpent on a, 'rock are simplicity itself; compared with its strange and inexplicable doings.' His latest made is in connection with the accounts, although the''' simple "public"' is asked tcT*bcHèvê~ "tháf'Miñis ters are the happy possessors of a positive - inspiration, for- finance, v The trouble which has arisen is due to the fact that Ministers have been pleased to desert their offices. for a considerable time, without making provision: for the transaction of routine business in a legal manner. ThèQueen' keeps herself in''touch'with 'her- Ministers when she is 500 miles or more away from London, whilst English Ministers themselves never leave their departments without arranging for the proper ' transaction of business, so that no. trouble can. arise.. Our own Ministers, are superior, it appears, to this simple' performance of their duty, so they go away in' a' light-hearted fashion, having made ; no arrangement, or else' having, Once J again,- quite, a misunderstood i what the a'rrang'ément'shQuld» be The matter. stands' ,';'ag-$Ü|>jys!:-^Tlíé"l8tli ve tguUtion undermine Audit'ÀcfcBaya: ex-No expense, although duly, provided for' In [thà^totê»,1!« wtoIt^^lu^': -tr^r,--v_,7^ ~. of den ghent without the Minister's j uutliorlty/oitrfcr general or special, and the production of that authority or a reference' thereto, with the account of expenditure, will in all cases be considered essential to enable the Treasurer to liquidate j an account." This regulation appears to I mean that the authority of the Minister in whose department the expense is incurred is necessary for the payment of the account, but in any case it is clear that the authority of a Minister is required. We have no doubt that it is meant that each Minister must certify to the accounts belonging to his department, but we may take the wider interpretation for the present. Now, Ministers have authorised Mr. Fitzgerald to sign in all department] during their absence, to which the Auditor demurs, on the ground that he is not a Minister. Mr. Fitzgerald, it appears, holds that he is a Minister, and is able to comply with the law, but he is thought to be mistaken by the Auditor, and, we may add, by most others who have considered the question. For, if he is a Minister, over what Department does lie preside? The Audit Act requires the authority of the Minister to justify the head of a department in incurring expense, but Mr. Fitzgerald is not the Minister of any Department, and so is quite incap- able of giving any authority. He is, in fact, as he ought to know, merely a member of the Cabinet without office, and can, consequently, not fulfil the duties of a Minister. The trouble might, of course, have been avoided if Ministers had arranged for the vouchers required to be sent to them for their signature, about which there need not have been any difficulty, but as there was a right way and a wrong, naturally Ministers took the wrong, and are inclined to keep in the road which they have chosen. The Auditor, in order to prevent hardships and delays, has consented for the present to pass the accounts, but on the clear' understanding that the whole thing is irregular and illegal, and must not be repeated. A very little care would have prevented the whole of the trouble, but, then so would a very little care and intelligence in regard to many other things of which we have had to complain. i ONE item in Mr. Goschen's budget has given] unfeigned satisfaction to the Indian Press". That is the abolition of the import duty on silver plate, which has hitherto acted as a hindrance to the placing of the Indian manu-! factures on the English market. The grievance has existed for years. Every ounce of silver work exported to the United Kingdom has hitherto had to pay a duty of 1s. 6d., equivalent to an ad valorem duty, in the present price of silver, of 40 per cent. This was a heavy handicap by itself. But there was a further hardship, for, whereas Home manufactures were weighed in an unfit finished state, and in consideration of that fact a rebate of one sixth of the entire duty was allowed, the imported goods had necessarily to be finished and so gained no rebate It is stated that the Commissioners of the inland revenue have themselves been obliged to admit that the rebate was far in excess of the average difference between the finished and unfinished article, and there has naturally, been considerable soreness in India on what was looked upon as unfriendly treatment.' Now, Mr. Goschen has removed this irritating duty altogether, and he has thus wiped out, at the same time, the handicap and the inequality at a sacrifice annually of £68,000, not a very tremendous sum considering the large surplus at the disposal of the Government. It is claimed that the new state of things will give a gratifying impulse and impetus to the trade, while there will be the collateral advantage of the employment of a greater quantity of the metal helping to check the fall in value arising from the present large production. It is also claimed that with the increased introduction, of Indian work into England, an educative influence will be brought to bear on the silversmith's craft in that country of which it stands much in need. So that, altogether. Mr. Goschen has done a very popular thing. THE Home paper are full of accounts of the Easter Volunteer Manoeuvres, and they all, and especially the illustrated journals, bear witness to the manner in which the cyclist is becoming recognised, as an important adjunct to an army in the field. It is 8 well to call attention to this because the condition which in England makes the wheel- man so valuable also prevails In Tasmania. This is the plentiful supply of good roads, which enable the machines and their riders to go rapidly from place to place, and to become, as one writer calls them, the " eyes and ears " of a defending force. It is only four years since they were first used in connection with military work, and it was at first only contemplated using them as orderlies for conveying messages. Now, however, they are employed in scouting and skirmishing, the riders being able toad vance much nearer the enemy than men on foot, relying of course on having time to remount their machines and retire before they are caught, The " senseless machine " is, of course, less liable to caprice, than a fidgety horse:., by does not require tying up, and it won't run away. It has not to be fed, no unimportant matter in regard to a march'; and further, in the event of being charged in square, the cyclists can, by laying their machines down in front of them, form a barricade which would puzzle cavalry very much to got through or over. The points of excellence the cyclist has as a combatant are indeed as numerous as they are novel, and they are even now only being found' out and added to daily. War will be a funny thing before we have quite done with it altogether. , ' AN interesting experiment is being made in connection with the progress of the Congo Free State, The cable vest day, informed us that Mr H M Stanley was in favour of the transportation of American negroes to the Upper Congo, but by the mail to hand this weak we already had information that the exodus had already commenced The proposal for the negroes to be sent back to Africa emanated, it seems,, in the first in stance from the Bishop of Georgia, and Mr George Brown, a coloured minister of St Louis, has been lately completing arrangements for taking seventy families to the Congo State Whether the result will be a success is an as yet unsolved problem The coloured gentleman of the Southern States is a very different person to the unfortunate who was originally kidnapped and taken across the seas to work in the cotton fields, and if history repeats itself, as it probably will, we shall find the black man, either dropping into his original barbarism, or what is more likely, wandering back to the civilisation for which he has acquired affairs Even since, emancipation, such a change for the better has taken place in the condition of the coloured race in America that it is doubtful in the representatives of it would care to make the exchange, however beneficial their retirement might be to the white population, by solving the racial difficulty which has yet to be faced The negro is only a copyist after all, and, deprived of his white model whom he has been used to as slavishly imitate as he was accustomed of old to slavishly serve and obey, lie may lose the taste for the new way and restore the loss troublesome primitiveness of the savage That has been the experience of Hayti, and may be the experience of the Congo The experiment is only to be made on a small scale at first, Mr its uncertain 119 All in his left thigh We to' . ' THE MAILS-The R.M.S. Oroya, with English mails on board, arrived at Cape Otway at 6.5 p.m. on Wednesday a mail for Mauritius via Zanzibar closes at Aden about 6 pm. to-day. POSTAL, Notice-The Hon. the Post master-General has approved of all Post Offices in the colony being closed on Monday next, the 26th inst., with the exception of one hour, as may be most convenient to the public for despatch of business, but no interruption will take place in the receipt and despatch of mails. INTERCOLONIAL HOLIDAY ARRANGEMENTS. -We are advised of the following holiday arrangements by the Postal and > telegraph Department Sydney.- Saturday next (Queen's Birthday) the offices open from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m., and 0 till 8 p.m. Monday, 20th, name hours will be observed. operators on duty head office all day on both occasions. Perth, W.A. Saturday, 24th, being public holiday, telegraph offices throughout colony will be open only from 8 to 10 a.m., and 6 to 7 p.m. < MUNICIPAL -An abstract of the receipts and expenditure of the Municipality of Hobart for the year ending 31st December last is published to-day. The General Account for the year shows a balance due to the banks of £15,656 10s. 0d. The Water Account shows a balance of £378. The De- benture Fund had a balance of £20,065 12s. 21, at the Commercial Bank at the end of the year, and the London Loan Account shows a balance of £3,152 7s. 8d being premium received on sale of debentures. The liabilities of the Corporation are put down at £235,346 17s. 11d., and they are fully met by assets. The accounts, which will afford an interesting study to the ratepayers, are signed by the Mayor and Aldermen, the City Accountant, and the City Auditors. FISHERIES COMMISSION. An adjourned meeting of the Fisheries Commission was held yesterday at the Museum. Mr.' M. Seal presided, and there were present Messrs. W. Tarleton, A. G. Webster, A. Morton, C. E. Beddome, and Geo. Crisp. The business was to continue the revision of the regulations. On regulation 5, Mr. Perkins read a petition, signed by 101 people, asking that the river he opened for net fishing from the north end of Cemetery Point at Cornelian Bay to the south side of Geilston Bay. The petition set forth that the river was swarming with sharks as it had never been before, and that this was owing in a great measure to none being caught in nets. It also averred that there were less fish in the river now than before nothing was prohibited. Mr. Crisp took exception to the latter statement, which he stigmatised as untrue in tho course of a conversational discussion the members present generally expressed themselves averse to altering the boundaries, which had been fixed two years ago as a matter of compromise between the Fisheries Board and the various fishing interests. Messrs. Tarleton and A. O. Webster disbelieved that the increase of sharks was due to the absence of netting, M they had seen them quite as plentiful in former seasons. The motion was put and negatived, the mover being the only one in its favour, The regulation under consideration, was then amended so as to permit shrimp and crayfish nets, to be used in the waters. Regulation 4 was recommitted and amended so as to apply only to grab- all and seine nets. Mr. Perkins called attention to the line of, demarcation at the mouth of Brown's River, and suggested a modification. A map of the locality was produced, but the Commissioners thought it advisable to visit the locality before coming to a decision, and arranged to do so on I Saturday's This finished the business. FIRE BRIGADE BOARD-A ordinary meeting of the Fire Brigade Board was held, yesterday. Present: Mr. C. M. Maxwell (Chairman), Messrs. Solly, Roberts, and' Smith. Invitations from the Secretary of the Fire Brigade Demonstration to the main-! bers of the Board to present at their competition on Monday next, and at the annual dinner at Heathorn's Hotel in the evening were read, and the Secretary stated that the letters had been acknowledged. On a letter, from Mr. Cane suggesting the formation of a Salvage Corps, the Board was of opinion that such a corps was not required, and that the expense would be too great. Accounts amounting to £5 0s 4d. were passed for payment. FIRE BRIGADE DEMONSTRATION.-Thclocal Brigade are indulging in daily practice, preparatory to the competition on Monday. It is understood that the juvenile Brigade attached to the Cascade Training School will bring their reel and hose to town, and give their elders a trial spin. Some misapprehension appears to exist in relation to the dinner which the Brigade, hold in Heathorn's Hotel In the evening, an impress-, upon having; gained currency that the expenses of this were defrayed from the subscribed fund. This is entirely incorrect, as each member is called upon to pay his press I portionate share of the expense of the dinner. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The ordinary weekly meeting of the Benevolent Society was held yesterday. Present Rev. J. W. Simmons (chairman), Messrs. G. S. Seabrook, J. E. Salier, and J. Baily. The Registrar Mr. Wm. Witt, reported :- 34 families, comprising 42 adults and 62 children, relieved last week, with 28 full and 16 half rations ; four cases investigated and relieved Fuel Account - Received with thanks, Messrs. Tolman and Sons, two tons of coal. CHALMERS LITERARY ASSOCIATION-The usual meeting of this flourishing Association took place in Chalmers Hall last night.' There was a large attendance of members and friends. The Chairman of the Association, Mr. James Longmore, presided. The discussion on "Total abstinence versus moderation," was commenced by Mr. James Paton, who spoke forcibly in favour of total abstinence ' His main arguments were, that moderation could not be denied that all drunkards commenced with moderation j that doctors were mostly in favour of total abstinence ; extreme colder extreme heat were borne best by total abstainers that drink caused ruin to many young men and women, and should be avoided. Mr. O. Kalbfell followed in favour of moderation, contending that moderation to a man was the quantity he could take without doing any harm. Tea was very injurious, and that it did more harm to the nervous system than any stimulant if taken in excess, which was done. A consistent teetotaller should avoid tea as it was a narcotic; and knowledge decreased drunkenness. Mr Paton thought moderation could not be defined. Brink was a useless thing as regards food or drink. He thought moderation was only right when the thing was good He quoted the names of many of the world's greatest men who had never drank. Mr. Hyde spoke in favour of moderation, saying that moderate drinkers would compare in appearance and otherwise with total abstainers. Some people suffered from gluttony, but a man should not give up his dinner because of this. He thought a friendly glass brought out the better part of a man's nature. Mr. Meredith believed in temperance, and thought there should he loss drinking among young men. He did not despise those who could take their glass and be done with it, Some constitutions positively required alcohol. Mr. Stanfield pointed out that some of our leading men, notably Sir Henry Parkes, takes their glass, and have lived to a good old age. Mr. Gawne thought we should not buy publicans out as some had suggested. Some men, he thought, should never touch drink because of their disposition and temperament. He thought it should be used in moderation. Mr. Duncan did not think if a man liked a drink he should not have it, and he believed in moderation. The Chairman could not see that moderation was proved to be an advantage. Total abstinence appeared to be the only remedy for drunkenness. Moderation was a system which lead ultimately to drunkenness. Messrs. Kalbfell and Paton replied. Next week Mr.- J. Sheldon will' deliver a lecture on " Phrenology i s i, i i, ""I LKCTOBBS ON SECULARISM. - Mr. H. G. Picton, of Sydney, delivered the third of a series of lectures on Secularism in the Hobart Tabernacle last evening to a large audience.. The subject was " Secularism so called as I saw it in England," and at tbe.'outaethe explained that he used the words' so called in connection with Secularism because in reality there was no such " ism " in existence from the infidel standpoint. Trio word secular meant a system of principles, teaching, or of doctrines pertaining to 'the world," but Secularists could not produce any such thing. The lecture was mainly an exposure of the weakness and the con- temptible condition of Secularism as he had seen it in England in 1867. When he left, Sydney Secularism there WORTH sickly condition, and in England he found it in the same state. While in England he worked under the direction of the Christian Evidence Society, and this gave him ample opportunity to get acquainted with the advocates of Secularism, He gave a racy description of their appearance and haunts, showing that they belonged generally to the seamy side of life. He also exposed their internal quarrels and bickerings, and the lecture was attentively listened to. Mr. Picton will deliver the fourth of the 'series of lectures, in the Wesleyan Church, Melville-street, to-night, 'the subjeotibeing " The Evolution Crane, or »havewecomefiomMoakeyir {' ""'"'j'. ,i.'.AIUL.ri.A'i.TJfwl ''J '" AMOUR times still. I .^-^^C--»_= MAYOR'S COURT-The Mayor and Alderman Arnott presided at this Court yesterday. On charges of allowing chimneys to be on fire William Hope, Frank Moore, and Wm. Perkins were each fined 2s. 6d., costs re- mitted. CITY POLICE COURT. - Before Mr. W Tarleton, P.M., yesterday, William Weldon, for being drunk and disorderly, was fined 5s. ; alternative, seven days. Mary Blong, charged with unlawfully wounding Andrew, Blong on the 21st last., was remanded till' the 29tH. inst. A penalty of 10s. 6d., in default 14 days' imprisonment, was inflicted on Alice Stockes for being drunk and in capable. On a charge of disturbing the peace, John Sullivan was ordered to pay 10s. 6d., or be imprisoned for 14 days. [Mr. J. Sol mine, J.P., here took a seat on the Bench.] Eliza Jones pleaded not guilty to keeping a disorderly house in Market-street on the 17th inst. P.C. Carpenter said he was on duty in that street on the night of the 16th inst., and there was a disturbance in defendant's house from half-past 12 to half-past 1 o'clock, threats being made of stabbing, and bad language being used. With P. C. Henry Smith he entered the premises and found defendant with a carv- ing knife in her hand. There was a man named Jones there, and a prostitute named Smith. P.C. Smith gave corroborative evidence, and said the language used could be heard in Liverpool - street. Defendant called John Jones, a man who had lived with her about nine years as her husband, and he stated he had had "a little row with his wife, but he made use of no bad words. Superintendent Pedder: Do you often disagree ? Witness : Yes. Superintendent Pedder : And you always speak kindly to each other. You never - use disgusting language to her T Witness : I just say I will go my way, and she must go her way. Superintendent Pedder : What made you go to her house that night ? Witness was intoxicated. There was no serious disturbance only a few words, I did not see defendant with a knife, and do not think she had one in her hand. This was all the evidence A fine of £3 and costs was imposed ¡ alternative, three months imprisonment. There were about 20 convictions recorded against defendant. A charge against the same woman for using obscene language was withdrawn. John Jones, the witness in the previous case, was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days, for using obscene language. John Dunlop, John Martin, and David Scanlon were charged with using obscene language in a house in Murray-street on Saturday night last within the hearing of passers by. Dunlop was fined 10s. and costs, and the other two 5s. and costs each. William Webb pleaded not guilty to a similar charge, the offence having been committed in a lodging house kept by a woman named Rooney. This defendant, according to the evidence of Police Constables Carpenter and Hicks, went into the house with a woman of loose character, and disturbance ensued. The constables went to the door and spoke about the note, when Webb swore at them. Webb called the woman Rooney, who said he used no bad language The Police Magistrate said he might as. well have pleaded guilty, and imposed a fine of 10s. and costs. The battery case, Best v. Grace, was adjourned until Wednesday next,' as a principal witness of Sell's was absent. PORT CYGNET POLICE NEWS On Tuesday, at this Court, before Mr. A.' H. Boyd, S.M., and Mr. T. Mills, J.P., Wm.' Steel was charge by the police with stealing one purse, containing a cheque for £3, one half sovereign, three half-crowns, and one two shilling piece at Diamond Valley on the 6th inst., the property of John Ribbon. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and as his police record was a bad one, he was sentenced to three months' hard labour (Franklin gaol). Sarah Allen was charged with stealing one a pair of ladies boots of the value of 10s., on the 13th inst., the property of Ann Gardner., Prisoner pleaded guilty, and, her police i record not being satisfactory, she was sent tenced to three months' hard labour (Hobart gaol. . ' '' ' YOUTHFUL DEPJtAvmr.-Three lads were escorted into the Police Office last night by sergeant and a constable on < charges of stealing a- waistcoat from a shop in the city. They were of about equal ages apparently, is only about 12, and of the street arab type. They gave their names as Hunter, Chafey, and Hunt. Chafey appeared to be the black sheep of the trio,andwasblamed by the others for taking the article, and although he did not deny the allegations, he endeavoured to keep his comrades in trouble on a strict line of truth in i a manner which did him credit. Hunter looked at Chafey, and said, "I told you not to take it." Chafey, eyed Hunter reproachfully and answered, *" Now, Fred, you know you didn't." Hunt wished to keep apart, from the affair, and chimed in, (causing further anxiety to Charley), I didn't see you take it, but I know you did, and you were going to sell it.". Notwithstanding protests their names were taken, and the three were locked up for the night. Hunter has not attended school for some time past, although his parents have done their best to make him do so. His two companions are past the school stage, Chafey being, as he stated, a butcher, and Hunt an apple vendor. THE STABBING CASE. Blong, the man who was stabbed by his wife on Wednesday night, is reported to- be in a fair way to recovery. The weapon used was a carving knife, which Kapara gradually to a point. The woman admits having committed the deed with the weapon, which is now in the possession of the police, INQUEST-An coronial inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of the child, found on the sanitary farm at Glenorchy, on Wednesday last, was commenced at the hospital yesterday, by Mr. F. W. Mitchell (coroner), before the following jury Messrs. William Thorpe (foreman), T. Downie, T. Wilson, W. Bowtell, W. Wilson, S Weir, and C. De Jersey. After the jury had viewed the body, Sub-Inspector Kemp stated the police , had no evidence to bring forward, and applied for an adjourn- ment. The Coroner adjourned the inquiry until Wednesday next at 3 p.m. DERWENT DRAMATIC CLUB To-night this Club, assisted by Mr Frederic Stanmaur and Miss Ella Claiborne, will give what promises to be one of the most interesting performances they have yet attempted. The two plays selected are not only attracts e and amusing, but are eminently qualified to suit the stage accommodation of the Tas j manian Hall, and excellent results are anticipated in the scenic , department. The sterling work already accomplished by the Club, under Mr. J. Bishop Usborno's assiduous utagc-inanagemout, is a reasonable guarantee that the present effort will be well worthy of public support, more especially as the occasion serves as an opportunity for the playgoing public to renew their acquaintance was still two very popular professional of testes) BELLERIVE RACES. - These races take place to morrow, when the following events will be run Hurdle Race, Pony Race, Bellerive Plate, Trot, Flying Handicap, and a Hack Race (post entry). There is promise of some good sport eventuating from the different events, which will be brought off at short intervals after half-past 1 o'clock, the time for starting the first race. , I CcmnhiiLAND RACING CLUB-The programme for the race i meet! in connection with this Club is advertised. It will take place on or about October. 24, and nominations are to be sent inby September 27, There are five races.' ' as- a [ D'ENTRECASTEAUX CHANNEL SURVEY. The Admiralty intend next year (says the D Telegraph) to have a complete survey made of the Tasman Peninsula (Tasmania). The" work will most likely, be taken up by H.M. surveying ship Dart, attached to the Australian station' This vessel returned to Port Jackson yesterday after carrying out some preliminary work in connection with the proposed survey. This consisted of clearing viewing the summits on the western coast of trees, to facilitate surveying operations.' The Dart also spent a day. in a D'Entrecasteaux Channel searching for a shoal) patch' reported to exist in Great Taylor, 'Bay. The supposed danger was not found, however! the soundings taken in the locality by the officers of the Dart showing the least depth of water to be 12, fathoms. The Dart spent over two months' In the Derwent, the officers being engaged Curing their spare. time preparing charts giving the result of their previous surveys off the Northern Queensland coast. She sails in a fortnight hence for the New Hebrides, under orders from the Commander in Chief, Read Admiral Lord Charles Scott, to make a complete survey of that group. < " j ZOLA'S MODE OF tamed. Emile Zola says he is making a great deal of money, but, that he lives up to his income. " As a young man he was poor, and he is not likely to die rich. > Not that M. Zola looks forward to. an old age of poverty, but he declares that the prospect would not distress htnvgifeatly. M. Zola, as his friends know him just now, likes luxury and hard work he takes a pride in his house, in dainty about what he eats and drinks and puts on, and prides himself on the rapidity with which he can, put a novel to paper, J " "*>. ?, -I '<! ¡ '" Catarrli,wlloà^5?i)nic', becomes Wry óltokílvó/ it simpoOftle'tab*'otherwise hJ*altby,'-and,';at the same time, afflicted with' catarrh. -^."dletitssable 'Mast %s^j^\v^&$t^%è»ît*m.^ ,t-T-iiMi ) yum farewell 1 -: aVAJ-J/I.i ALCOHOL late, REV. CHARLES CLARK The lecture chosen by this most popular orator for his re- appearance in Hobart next Monday In the intensely interesting one, on "Thy Ton or of London." the entertainment which is by no manner of means merely historical, but bristles with humorous and dramatic passages, includes the recital of Clarence's dream from Richard III., and ends very appropriately to the day with we the Australasian calls a masterly pettion, "England Under Victoria, or Our Modern Liberties." The box plan opens this morning, and as the price of admission have been fixed at a moderate rate, there will, doubtless, be an eager demand for seats. Mr. Clark delivers his last lecture in Launceston this evening, and leaves for Hobart by to- morrow's express. GHOST ILLUSION Mr. Tyler, the enterprising. manager of the Palace Skating Rink, has arranged with Mr. D'Arcy Read for the production of his popular '* Ghost " exhibition, as also a newly invented spectral illusion entitled " Kalypso." 'fin's exhibition is a Parisian novelty, and sane importation to the colonies has had a highly successful run. It was shown seven months in Melbourne with great success. The exhibition will open Tuesday, May 27. RUN ON A MELBOURNE BANK Respect- ing the inn on the Melbourne Savings Bank, reported on Wednesday and yesterday, we extract the following which, in a degree, explains the cause, from the Daily Telegraph Some stir has been caused by statements that have been made relative to some of the securities which the Savings Bank Com, missioners have accepted for loans ; but on inquiry it turns out that the whole thing has arisen out of the question as to whether the land and buildings of the Federal Coffee Palace are sufficient security for a first mortgage to the Savings Bank Commissioners for £70,000. There can be no two opinions on that point, and it is doubtful if there is a firm in the city that would hesitate about accepting such a security for that amount, The Commissioners of the Savings Bank have a rule that they will not lend more than half the value of the security; and as competent valuers put down the land on which the Federal Coffee Palace is built as of the value of £90,000, and the buildings at a similar figure, it will be seen that the Commissioners have kept well within their limit. They have only lent' a fraction over two-thirds of the value of the land alone, to say nothing of the magnificent pile of buildings that stand upon It, Messrs. David Elder and Alfred Shaw, two of the commissioners, are away from the colony just now, but unless they tendered their resignations,, it would not be becoming in the three remaining Commissioners to ask the Government to nominate others in their stead. The lengths ned absence of Mr. Elder had induced the belief that he might resign at an early date ; but in the meantime the affairs of the bank, are managed strictly in accordance with the state, and the institution has never been, in, a safer or more flourishing condition than it is at present. MEMORIAL, TO ALEXANDER II The assassination' of Alexander the Second of Russia is to be commemorated In Se.Cretes burg by the erection of a magnificent church on the spot where the tragedy took place. A large sum had been - subscribed towards the work, which is being carried on, under the auspices of a committee, of which the Grand Duke Vladimir is president. The confidential functionary who had charge of the funds, in whom this aristocratic committee; i of, course, had' " unbounded confidence, has disappeared, and £501000 have gone with him, the melancholy result being that the Emperor had insisted upon, his brother, the Grand Duke Vladimir, re- placing the deficiency out of his private fortune an order which has caused the relations between them to become decidedly strained. i PARKES'. LUCKY SIXPENCE - Saw an American paper : - "Sir Henry Parkes, founder of English domination in Australasia, is the possessor of a lucky sixpence. It was the first money he earned when he stepped ashore at Sydney half a century ago, a friendless and penniless immigrant. It was his reward for holding a horse outside a public- house. He is very proud of the coin." If Sir Henry is really the " founder of English domination in Austral- asia," he must be a modern Methuselah The honour is usually divided between Governor Philip and Captain Cook. A Bia CLOCK. Philadelphia will not be at a loss to learn the time of day or night after the big clock that is to ornament the tower of the public building is put interposition (says Invention A person can form some idea of its immensity when experienced clockmakers say that it will take a whole calendar year to place the machinery in the Tower after the building shall have been completed. The bell is to weigh between 2000ft. and 25,000 lb, second in weight to the great Montreal Cathedral bell, which weighs 23, 000lb., and it is calculated that its meaning will be heard even to, the most distant part of the city. The famed Westminster chimes will be used, ringing on, the-, quarter, half, three-quarters, and hour, the centre of the dial (25ft. in diameter), will be 35ft. above the street. In order to distinguish time at night the dial will be illuminated by electricity, so that the position of the hands can be located from any point in the city. The minute hand is to be 12ft. and the hour hand 9ft. in length. A steam engine will be placed in the tower to wind up the giant timepiece each day. All in all, it will be an immense affair, and a fitting emblem to the giant building, now in course of erection. FROUBB ON FEDERATION. It is a trite remark that events nowadays move with electric rapidity (observes the, London correspondent of the Scotsman), A very short time ago our Australian colonies formed themselves into a Federal Council for the purpose of speaking with one voice as to the future destiny of the adjacent islands of the South Pacific. It was the intrusion of France into the New Hebrides, under Ger- many into New Guinea, which had to this movement. Australia, however, though perfectly friendly to the United States, is now awaking to the fact that the sudden determination of that Government to create a powerful navy may not be without its effect on the settlement of this South Pacific problem.,, On this subject I have received a most interesting communication from Mr.; Froude, who thus refers to SirHornyParkes' prcsontschume for federating the' colonies and constituting one single powerful Australian dominion. Mr. Froude writes !-" I WISH PaikoB well in his undertaking. The. success of it will not further the Imperial federation of our well intentioned but impracticable Imperial League. But I despair of any large policy on the part of the Home Govcmunenfc-wo must leave it all to sentiment and interest. If a United Australia aspire to be Queen of the Pacific, she will want the help of our fleet, and may be forced into some closer naval alliance. But let her observe that the United States are now to have a great navy also with an eye, I suspect,, to the Pacific on their part." Recent events in Samoa fully support this theory ; but it is remarkable that, while the Australians bitterly resented the appearance of the French and Germans, they seem to heartily welcome the Americans in the South Pacific. > ' A TOUCHING STORY A beautiful and touching story tells how Dean Kirwan's last sermon was preached in Cathedral at Dublin. The discourse was to have been for a charity-for an orphanage and all the little fatherless and motherless, boys and girls in their uniforms satin. rows ' beneath the young preacher, whose pale face, wasted form, and hacking couch, as he moved into the pulpit, told the sad story of the disease that had seized upon him, the youngest and most eloquent of all the Irish Church divines of the day. Often hail the fashionable congregation listened to. his pleading tones in the cause of love and goodwill, and often had they cheerfully responded to his soul stirring appeals. This Sunday he gave out the text, and there was a moment's pause ; but before the well-known silver tongue could speak to them the startled congregation saw the Dean press his white handkerchief, to his mouth as in passing paid. In a moment the dread truth wasTe revealed to them. As he dropped his head the white handkerchief was stained crimson with his life blood, and the end\ld begun. Witho-»g*eat effort he bentovotnh« pul pit, and, as the tears streamed down his pale cheeks, white with the pallor of approaching death, he stretched out his, hands in a last gesture of benediction over the little ones' books, and, as he wept, mur mured faintly the last words, he ever spoke, "? Oil my poor children; my poor children ? Then he fainted. The scene that followed has been described many a time and off by Irish writers. Never was there such a collection in all the annuls of charity sermons. The men throw their purses on the plates, and the ladies not merely gave all they had with them in money, but for the. gold bracelets from their arms, took the jewels from their carE, the costly rings from their fingers, and the mine from their nooks, and heaped them on the salvors, and poured them into the hands of the collectors to place on the holy altar,' while there) was not a dry eye In the sacrcd/Kóuso.'!And'*oit was that before, he died that evening Dean Kirwan knows that the orphanage he loved was, and still, one of the Lobwein at a rise I'VE U . G.ÜOmM fl in +r~T as to ; lupin 