ME. MILN'S HAMLET. On Saturday evening in the Standard Theatre, 'Mr. Miln assumed the ' inky eleak' of ' My Lord Hamlet.' His interpretation of the character has undoubtedly many striking points, and ex hibits an* exceedingly careful and conscientious study of the text. Every line has evidently been ?weighed with an anxious desire to discover its roll significance ; and the actor's personal advan uige&, in looks and. voice, lend much impressiveness ;o his delivery of several passages in the play. Of the great scenes, his interview with the ghost is, perhaps, tho least effective, and the closet scene with the Queen the most so. Where the ghost associates Hamlet's mother with a reference to the murder, tke Prince, as represented by Mr. Miba, is seemingly affected to tears. Surely this is a very serious misconception of the situation. The idea of Hamlet when so awfully confronted with the supernatural finding time to weep, is indeed somewhat absurdly incongruous. The spellbound attention with which he is supposed to listen to the harrowing tale unfolded by his ghostly visitant may well be imagined to have entirely 'locked the tides of softer woe/' just then, at any rate. Mr. Miln introduces some verbal alterations which, if not obviously improvements on the familiar words, are at loast indicative of no little ingenuity on his part. As has already! been hinted, his acting in the closet scene is remark ably good. Her© he follows the precedent first established by John Phillip Kemble, and dis penses with the visible presence of- the ghost. That is to say, it is only visible to Hamlet him self. The sudden expression «f astonishment and awe, occasioned by the apparition by which Hamlet's bitter speech to his mother is inter rupted, was well depicted by Mr. Miln, and the climax which is reached when the apparition vanishes, was very powerfully worked up. The ance ; and at the close of each act the tragedian was called before the curtain. The Ophelia -s?as j Miss Louise Jordan, who apparently adopts a \ theory with regard to the relations of the Prince and the daughter of Polonius, which, if correct, would justify the sinister warn ings addressed to her by her father. But it is a theory which, though advanced by the greatest of the German commentators on Shakespeare, has been discarded by all Eng lish critics who are to be considered as authori ties. The 'King of Mr. Ireland, the Laertes of Mr. H. N. Douglas, the Queen of Miss Kate Douglas, and the Horatio of Mr. J. Montgomery, may be specially mentioned ; and it may be added that Mr. Joe Stark struggled not unsuccess fully with ' the majesty of buried Denmark.' The tragedy will be repeated for five nights more. It is announced as the last in which Mr. Miln will appear in Sydney. 