"CHRISTADELPIAN' IN REPLY. To the Editor of /the Queensland Times. Sir,-May I again crave space to reply to "'Old.Path Christian's" of the 22nd ? There is an old saying, "None so blind as those who will not see, or so deaf as those who will not hear." "Old-Path Christian" is dissatisfied with my quotation from Isaiah xli., as a distinct de. claration of God's own personality. He says the words are lsaiah's, saying to the people that God had said. Now, was not Isaiah, as a prophet to Israel, speaking the words put into is month by Jehovah ? and, therefore, it was Jehovah who spoke; and yet "Old.Path Christian." in the first letter, said that the nearest approach he could find that there is a God was, " The fool hath said in his heart there is no God," preferring a negative to a positive statement. He says, also, that Moses simply stated that God had appeared to him, which, in itself, is a declaration that there is a God, and that he had recorded what He said. The words that Jesus puts into the mouth of Abraham, in Dives and Lazarus, will apply here -" If they believe not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead. In Ilaiah xlv., 5, God alcso speaks through the prophet to Cyrus thus : "I am the Lord, and there is none else. There is no God beside Me." And again, in chapter xlvi., 9 and 10. Paul also tells the Ephesans (iv., 6, there is one God and Father I all, who is above all, and through all, and Sin you all" These statements are surely dog matic enough, and preferable to the nearest ap proach that he gives. We are then treated co nearly half-a.column over the definition of pneuma, and complain that I did not take up his challenge, regarding the difference between that word and pneo. Why waste time in trife over a word ? Pneuma is a noun signify ing breath, and pneo is a verb to breathe or blow, from which pneuma is derived. Spirit from spiro, Latin, having-the same signfica tion, and, if "Old-Path Christian" will look into "Cruden," he will find over twenty meanings attached to the word spirit. He has not replied to my question as to the Queen of Sheba having no more spirit in her. "Old Path Christian," among other quotations, gives 2nd Corinthians, iv., 16-" Yet the inward man is renewed day by day," and the same in Ephesians iii., 16. The inner man referred to a explained in the next verae-" That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith." "Old Path Chrittian" says, "if there are any atate ments in the Bible which are in direct opposi tion to the inference he has drawn, then the Bible mast be held to contradict itself." The Bible does not contradict itself, but is in perfect harmony throughout if it appears to do so, it is an evident proof that there is something wrong in man's interpretation of it. Paul's statement in 1st Cor., xv., 12.18, covers the whole ground of our contention. He shows that, if there be no resurrection of the dead, bis preaching was vain, their faith also vain, and all who had fallen asleep in Chrsit had perished. The whole chapter is one of the most instructive in the New Testament, if people will only accept the instruction, and not give heed to fables. Job says, in the 14th ohapter, waree 10, " But man dieth and waste to away; yes, man giveth up the ghost (or spirit), and where is he". And in the 14th verse he puts the question--" It a man die, shall be live again " I will ask, if this immortal soul, of which we hear so much in these days, were the doctrine of Christ, why did He not say some thing about it when about to raise Lazarus ? Martha said, "Lord, if Thou hadst been here, my brother had not died." Now, what was His reply? Not that usually made in the present day as comfort to the living—namely, that though his body was dead, his soul had gone to heaven; but Jesus said, "Thy brother shall rise again;" to which Martha replies, "Yea, Lord, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day." Jesus said, "I am the resurrection and the life." Now, how could Jesus be the life-giver if man did not -actually die? And if the doctrine of the immor tality of the soul were true, the doctrine of Christ and of Paul is nullified. With regard to angels ; We quite understand that angels are immortal and when we read that God only hath immortality, we understand it to mean 'exactly what "Old-Path Christian" says—that it is underived, and, as Paul says, "The Father hath life in Himself." The immortality of angels has been conferred on them by Deity, for their obedience to Has will, possibly in some other sphere, As to God withdrawing immortality 'from angels at any time, the idea is absurd, for Jesus says "they cannot die any more" (Luke xx., 36). Paul said, " I know that in me (that is, in my flesh) dwelleth no good thing." How could he say that if an im mortal spirit was within him? Life and im mortality were only brought to light through the gospel of Christ's resurrection; and Paul asks (1st Cor. xv., 12), ."How say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead ?" "Old-Path Christian" again quotes Gen., i., 6--"Let us make man in our image, after our likeness." In this God says nothmng with re ference to his life; it was after the image was formed that He breathed into his nostrils the breath of lives, which only consti tuted him a living soul, or being. Then he says that God is Spirit, and man flesh and blood. This is absolutely proving our position. The fact that Deity is Spirit in substance and men flesh and blood explains the difference between.immortality and mortality. When the spinrt, at man's death, returns to the God who gave it, it is no more man's. When it was in his nostrils he lived; but it was God's spirit all the time.. If He (God) were to re. turn unto Himself His spirit and His breath, all flesh would perish together, and man would turn again unto dust. Then, again, he says: *'If Adam had a spiritual nature as well as a physical nature, the whole thing becomes clear; the spirit which God gave him was pure and free, even as His own." This may be very fine philosophy, but very poor doc trine, Now, Adam had not a spiritual nature; he was a living soul, which Paul tells us is a natural body, or, as "'Old-Path Christan" says, a physical body. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of -the spirit is spirit, and, when born of the spirit, is equal to the angels, and cannot die -any more. Old-path Christian" objects to our teach ing that there as no essential difference, apart from the resurrection, between the man and beasts. (This is the teaching of Scripture, and not ours ) Certainly there is not so far as his present nature is concerned. They have all one breath , or spirit (see margin revised version, Eccl. ill.), and men, Solomon says, hath no prominence above a beast, for all is vanity. Any attempt to alter the plain unvarnished statement is simply gratuitous gloss. He then inquires why should Solomon, immedi ately afterwards, make the solemn enquiry (more pertinent than solema) : " Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to -the earth, and thinks that here he has geeood -toothold " But, when read as translated in both Dr. Conqueem's version and the revised, it bears a very different signification: "Who knoweth the spirit of man whether it goeth upward or the spirit of the beast whether it goeth downward to the earth ?' The question is~: " Who knoweth whether the spirit of man takes one direction, or the spirit of the beast -the other?" Philosophy is alike ignorant of both. We accept the fact that man and beast have one spirit, and do not profess to know anything about the direction in may take. "Old-path Christian" asks us to compare the statement "and the dust shall return to the earth as it was, and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it" with the dying words of Jesus and Stephen--"Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit," and "Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." In the case of Jesus is re ferred to the life He was laying down. "There fore doth my Father love me because I lay down my life that I might take it again" (John x., 17-18); and Peter, on the day of Penticost, said, "Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death, because it was not possible that He should be holden of it" (Acts ii.,24. Jesus was sinless, and death could not have dominion over Him. In Stephen's case he looked forward to a renewal of lfe at the recsrrection, His hope was the hope of Israel, the hope of the promise made of God unto the fathers, and that he would be with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the Kingdom of God, and therefore confided it to Him who is the resurrection and the life, till that day, after which " He fell asleep." "Old.Path Christian" wishes to know why the argument Christ had with the Sadducees destroys the theory of the immortality of the soul? In the fist place, the supposed exist ence of the spirit of man after death is purely theoretical, and cannot be proved, and the argu ment with the Sadducees was " touching the dead that they rise," and not to convince them of the existence of disembodied spirits. Now, if Jesus has the power to raise the dead and give life to as many as God has given Him, here is the necessity for this so-called immortal spirit ? To insist that a man has an immortal soul or spirit is to deny the power of Christ to give life, and consequently to deny Christ himself, "Old-Path Christian" ignores John's words: "And this is the record,that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life in in His Son" (1st John v., 11). Take the following testimonies as proof that eternal life is not a presert possession :-" He shall re ceive, in the world to come, eternal life." (Mark x., 30.) *" In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began," (Tit. i., 2.) "Shall inherit everlasting life." (Matt. xix., 29--a heir is not a present possessor.) " In the world to come life everlasting." (Luke xviii., 30.) "Ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life." (Rom. vi., 25) The testi mony of Paul that Christ will give eternal life to all that obey Him is not determined till after the judgment has taken place; then he that has sown to the spirit will reap life everlast ing; then this mortal will put on immortality; this corrnptible will put on incorru~ttcn, and death be swallowed up in victory; delivered from the power of the grave. Solomon says, "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death " I will conclude by thanking you in anticipa tion. Yours, &c.;, CHRISTADELPHIAN. (ThIs correspondence must now cease.--Ed. Q.T.] 