CHAPTEE VII. IN THE ROYAL PROCESSION. 'The Countess Stravensky ? ' said Philip, re- peating Beppo's information. ' Yes, sir, a Russian who looks like a -Vene- tian.' ' Your friend ? ' remarked Jenny, with a curious note of interrogation in her tone and manner. " I presume so," said Philip, as calmly as he could, with his heart beating at double quick time, and all his good virtuous resolves eva- porating. ' An unexpected surprise,' said Walter. : -""You should surely say anunexpected pleasure,' .remarked Dolly, who was instinctively and other ..-wise-jealoùs off-thè Russian beauty. " 'Did you, know she was coming to Venice ?' "a'skeci Jçnny. ' ¡ . ' No,' said Philip. I understood she was going to St;; Petersburg!!.' s 'Did she know we were coming to Venice?' Dolly asked. , * I don't quite remember ; -perhaps my mother may have mentioned it/ said Philip, suddenly finding his voice. ' She is no doubt here for the fêtes.' ' No doubt/ said Jenny. They slackened speed by the Bridge of Sighs, where a barge-load of musicians were entertaining a little cluster of gondolas in which were many merry people, who joined pianissimo in the chorus of ' Funiculi Jhmicula/ The moon shone full lipon the - canal, and the scene had. a soothing and fascinating effect. Philip found himself strangely under its influence. None of the little party spoke for some time. Dolly's hand found its way to Philip's in a timid enquiring fashion. Philip struggled hard to hold it with the sincerity that had a few minutes before actuated all he had said and felt in regard to Dolly and the future of their two lives ; but the red gondola had left behind it a trail of feverish sentimènt, and he was. once more in imagination travelling with a certain passenger by train from London to Dover. How mean and untrue he felt all at once, how unworthy of the con fidenceof the pure-spirited, high-minded, kind-hearted London girl ! 'We will, return now, , Beppo/ said Mrs. Mill- bank^. ' Yes, Madame/ said Beppo. The .two gondoliers bent their backs to their work, and the boat rushed through the moonlit waters; In a few minutes they were at the- hotel. 'It is a. showy boat, that red gondola/ remark- ed Jenny to Beppo, as he gavé her his hand for thc shore;. ; ,V " ; ' Oh, yes/ said Beppo. 'But. we sh all look as smart as that to-morrow, eh, Beppo ?' said Walter. 'Yes, yes/ said Beppo, grinning 5 fyour excel- lency has good taste/ And lie had ; for the next day, when Bejnpo and his comrade took oil' their hats at the steps and offered their broad palms to assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, both Dolly and Jenny express- ed their surprise and de- light.' ' Beautif ul ! ' said Jenny. ' What a change ! Is this the same gondola ? ' asked Dolly. Beppo showed his white teeth, and his tine figure . was complemented by his fine dress, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash. The gondola was elegantly fur- nished with blue silk cush- ions ( and Oriental rugs, and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk Union Jack, the red and blue of which the bluish-green water reflec- ted back again as if in token of amity and admira- tion. It was a glorious day. The sun was far away in a blue sky. There was not a cloud. A pleasant breeze came ¡in a warm genial ripple from the. Adriatic. Tt seemed like an invita- tion to every sentiment of^ love and friendship. ' All* the world is happy/ it might have been saying, . ' And this, is the loveliest spot in . all the world.' Philip tried to think so. On the Other side of the .lagoon the Church of.- . Santa Maria del Giglio was decorated for, illumi- nation at. night. On the left, beating up towards them were a couple of the great boats of the; River Po, .with pointed stern and enormous , rudder, the sun finding out rich tones in the ridges of their furled sails, the red-tasselled caps of the sternsmen presenting grateful points of coloiir on the black and brown of the hull and deck; As Beppo lëaned upon his oar, thè gondola shot away from the shadow of a great P. and O. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiny lanius. The statue of the King was still enveloped in its white covering like a' daylight ghost ; and along the river the glassy trees ready to he lighted at night had an odd, out-of-place appearance. But there was a gay stream, of people, walking, and quite as much bustle on the water with flashing gondolas and gay barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right up into the blue sky, the banners, of St. Mark's flew in front of that dazzling church. On the right, by the Cus- tom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their sails .still more or . less set, brown and yellow, and here and there decorated with strange devices. The Church of Santa Maria della Salute slept on the water, in spite of its framework oí > Vauxhall lamps, which at night were to. mark it3 , beautiful architectural lines against the starry sky. Flags were flying, everywhere. From the windows of the gorgeous palaces hung ri<ih brocades and Oriental draperies, " tapestried stories of ancient days. In the balconies were pretty women, and below were picturesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazed Philip. He had never beheld anything so impressive in its picturesqueness. All his memories of Russia, and his recollections of English out-door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstration, unregulated alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colours of the flying boats, and without a single obtrusive hint Of a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night. Nothing seemed to have . been designed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and colour, and so overwhelming was the beauty of the architectural avenue through which they were making their way, so superb the sunshine, that even the theatrical tokens of the night to come were absorbed; and became unobjectionable. There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Here and there between the palaces ' While Beppo was romancing -.. ?? " ». 'the-English party came out.' a'nd at odd points, are .steps leading to distant water streets, and these were coigns of vantage for the sovereign people, who filled up the open spaces. Among .these democratic assemblies were some of the most beautiful women in the ' world. The poorer,citizens of this city in the sea . have inherited a physical lovliness, the tradition ? of which ' has come down to us from classic ^history, and which lives in the never dying art of Italy, in the pictures by famous masters, and better still in the women of this nineteenth century who still go about the streets of Venice ' bareheaded and with slippered feet. Presently the fleet of gondolas and gorgeous barges came. as it seemed to a .sudden anchor. All the varying and flitting colours of the moment stood still in one spot, as if the .finger of Fate had paused in turning life's kaleidoscope to permit of a restful observation of some specially lovely design that had been developed after many . changes. It was a.happy jumble of artistic form and tone of radiant colour, and subdued hues of brown and blue in the shadows. So beautiful ! was. the picture that it looked as if it might fade \- away at any moment, and leave Leicester-square or the. Strand mockingly, behind. This is how Philip felt, and how he phrased it in his mind in one of those moments when he was not on the look-out for the red gondola. At length the j distant .whistle ' of a; railway . train was .heard. . Then everybody knew that the King and Queen of Italy, the idols of the people, and justly so, were steaming across the marshes. "Next there was a firing of big guns ; then the music of military bands, the air El Rey; anon there is a movement ashore, and in sympathy therewith a movement on the canal ; at last the picturesque chaos-begins to assume something like a pleasant irregularity of order ; the day's pageant has begun. Picture the scene. It is almost impossible to describe it. You. might be "told-the names of every great barge ; the period of the costumes of the rowers; it would be easy to give you a running fire of historic titles and architectural characteristics of the palaces that are ranged on either side of the procession,. each one with : a wonderful history ; but by and by you would begin to skip the record and search for the red gondola. It is therefore best to supply you with material for fancy. You can fill in the details from Ruskin, George Sand, Oúida, Triarte, Howells, Rogers, and the established guide books. Get into your mind-something of the atmosphere of the most romantic period of the world's history. Think of the haughty Doges in their magnificent robes. Try and realise what Venice was. Then remember what she is, a poetic and. pathetic' wreck of her imperial greatness-the stage remaining with its gorgeous properties, its superb sets, its noble architecture, ita glorious sky, the .actors dead and gone ; but to-day moved and radiated with the new life of a better age, with nobler aspirations, with . -out,-it is;true, the inspi- ration of barbaric and cultured art to make the dayshine and glittér ¡ with . gold and precious .stones, . yet exhibiting . artistic links between then and now. . ' Think of these things, arid , then look around . you and note this modern pageant, with its relics of the past, its superb costumes, and .animated with an ambition quite as laudable as that which built St. Mark's and decorated it with beaten gold. Imagine yourself with the Milbanké's and Philip and Dolly Norcott in the midst of this . procession, the most impressive since the govern- ment of the Council of Ten. It is a moving mass of energetic life and brilliant colour. There has ' been nothing so. gorgeous on these classic waters ?since the Carnival pageants of the fonrteènth century. ' Among the guests and visitors are . representatives of the most famous of the ancient Doges. There is a family of Greeks,who claim descent from a famous chief of Venice. They are here in a gondola decorated aftëi* the ancient manner, and with their gondoliers attired as in the olden days. Making its way to a prominent position is a stately barge, rowed by a dozen men who might be servants to the- Capulets in Romeo and Juliet; and, close by, another that might belong to the Lady of Belmont. Here is the small red fez, the long hair, the slashed sleeves that one has seen so often on the stage and in pictures of the time ; in companionship with the men. who are propelling the Greek barge are.a party of rowers befrocked as one sees them in the.illustra- tions to Byron's 'Corsair/ / '. r '/ In competition for place is a- superb gondola that looks like an exaggerated toy of gold taken from the top of some giant bridecake, the rowers in blue sailor costume with yellow sashes. Riding gaily upon the busy waters with swan-like motion in the wake of ' the rest, and making for the King's barge, is à barge of white and gold ; it is followed by another in blue and white-the white being white Venetian lace, which trails with the velvet at the stern of the barge, joining many other draperies, and brocades, silks, and laces, that dabble the water with colour, and add to a reckless generosity of wealth flung h-re and there, ' as one can imagine in Italian displays of the "past. . Foremost among another group of gondolas'is one which is manned by rowers who recall: the glories of English country life in the days; of . Fielding; a second/riot unlike, with servants in ? plush breeches and tall hats;..a third is a gondola of a-barbaric; style, with , a hood of fantastic . shape, and with men fantastically dressed, thé whole effect defiant. Imagine these and"'a hundred other notable boats, gondolas, barges, all making their way to surround the taller vessel bf the King, with its jmagnificent golden .. eagles, at \- the prow and. a typical figureof regenerated Italy. You.take your ;glass, and .you find that around the King's barge are '? othéi* State . vessels, . ' the ;' Biicehtör/ -for -in- stance, with its tradition of the bridal of .the. Adri , atic ; and all, at . once the whole throng of aquatic . vehicles ' begin to daiice and?" make their way - to . 'the Royal Palace, amidst , the discharge of distant . artillery and the clash and ..' bray ' ot" trumpets.*, The \- l^alapes Of thé Granu Canal rise'J; up as* ' if from-the bosom : of the 1 waters. They .are / brave ¿Iwrith oolpurj,,, and:., alive-. rwith excitedpeople. Thé ' sun shines: ; The' sky is Ca pale ultramarine ; the ^ whole thing; a (fairy taíe ; 'ánd -so real that. it anakes- ;;more thah one. pf the Milbâçke party1 i' epB emotional'.'1 ",'' 'Philipps ïosl^for^'-ftie timé being'in this feastf'of for m.; . and I colour.-) -Bojiy '. sits pertyetiy^.stilb.byihis side;.; /jenny:'is-' n.p,<r'and down twenty times 1 to catch . glimpses ?.' bfL' the Queen: - 'Walter.'hands 'his glass ;, ;to. I every one ! j, ky" turns, because,, itis a, very ? powerful"' on.è, arid.../he continually 'thinks lié' lias spotted? the ." b ëst' 'incidents of the .»showLong14 be- fore; . the, .cheers .i-irom ¡the Rialto .haye" been' broken up' with*.other^ demon- stratives sotinds, they 'find them'selves really ' part bf the -royal procession, in- deed/ almost . alongside the royal barge,' and .par- taking/of'a' share ,of- the gracious récognitions' ' bf both ' King and Queen, who smile their acknow ledgments.. of every loyal cheer,, and bow,, to many a passing and accompanyihg boat." Jenny noticed that .the King 'gazed approvingly upon''..'their gondola, because it carried the flag which Italy most .honours among thejnations. .. '.? At the height of the .enjoyment which Mrs.. Milbanke felt in being so near, the royal- barge," the spirits of the party were somewhat dashed (though none of them except Philip/coiild' qiiite explain why they felt the shadow of the'incident fall upon them more than tipon any other ¿boat) by the sudden appearance . qf .j the red gondola. It came shooting forth from. one. of ¡ the little canals right into the niidst 'of the'procession, and attracted universal'attention." ' It stood but from the rest, hot only on account of its positive colour, but for ;,the singular distinction." of^.the . lady .who sat- enthroned at the'bow, in.asiniple silken costume bf white silk and Venetian lace, her gondoliers in red and "black,' "wim:Teivet"cap8 ; and her r secretary, Sig.-'Ferrari, in the ordinary morning dress of the time. ?' ' : "'"J-":',v. . The red gondola took ,up a. position -near ihe . royal and State barges, and alongside^the, ^yellow and black gondola of the Russian .'General,,1 and his wife, the Princess. The'GeneralbbwedVIo the Countess ' with -much' , impresseineht", --'the Princess contented herself witíi the " slightest .recognition that might pass/for courtesy; i The . Countess, Jenny . ? declared, 'fairly. ..ogled ' .the Ganeral; hut Jenny did not like, the - Countess, " an i might have exaggerated the expression of, the Countess's face. Philip ii6ticed\that,the''Countess was also honoured by the gracious smiles of :the King and Queen. He would not. admit to himself that there-was something in the glajice of General Petronóvitch .that he. did not.- "lik£ ; but he had not seen how.' the '. Countess "had appealed to the vanity of ? hei* i distinguished countryman" (if; a- Jewess ' may -be ':sakl "to.' have a country, or a .countryman outside, ;the> pale¡of her co-religipnists), in the,-drop'of. her violet eyes and the play of her ostrich fan. ' ... When'the procession arrived àt'the canal steps of the palaee, the red gondola had vanished ; as rapidly as it 'had-'-previously apjieared, for no < sooner had their -Majesties landed, than Jenny and the rest, looking round for the red .gondola, did not find it. . Beppo, guessing their disappoint- ment,' remarked that Madame the Russian; .who ' looked like a Venetian picture out of its- franie ' for the occasion, had directed her .'men to make for the.Fazzio Palace1 the moment the ,Kingjand . Queen had.left their barge, .and he must owy vtha't thqy were , a couple r of clever gondoliers, : though he had not ' séén either- of them ,on the canal for years ; curious nien«; JëwVhe' thought;.,. . ) (>To beiiContiniied.} .r ¿ « ¡t 