AOTA POP¥LJ, By The Flaneur. 'The Government will preserve law and order at any coefc whatever.' Make no mistake about that. The Government itself has said it, and it's greatly to its credit, even though captious critics assert the country would ba all the better for a great deal leso talk and a little more decided action. Premier Parkes has again deplored the present disastrous state oil affairs in public, and if he had taken the precaution to plant a good hot onion up his sleeve he might have wept bit terly over the ' alleged' fact that it would be impossible for the Government to show its fiscal pslicy hand until the cruel war was over — by which time the Baid Government probably hopes to be able to haul another rad herring out of the cask and drag it across the trail which the Opposi tion is now following up with such provoking pertinacity. Mr. Hurley — who, by the way, has explained very satisfactorily (to hicnaelf) that he did not run away from the House, as Mr. Dibbs uncharitably declared, but was driven away in a cab — Mr. Hurley declared that ' the difficulties of the Government form the opportunity of the Opposition,' but there is no getting away from the honest truth, and that is, the Government party is afraid to face the hustings mu3ic and go before the country just at present. A dissolution just now would ba a deplorable thing cer tainly, but that is not the real cause of the Government's unwillingness to step into the ring for a fight to a finish. So long, as the strike con tinues the freetrade ports of this colony are the bast in Australasia for outside countries to do business with; this suits the 'Calico Jimmy' gang all over, and in spite o£ the liberal lmgo we have heard of late, that gang is still a power in the land. 'The Government will preserve law and order at any cost whatever.' This is deucedly satisfac tory, of course, particularly as Sir Henry has told the House, ' more in sorrow than in anger,' that the Government has been ' compelled to send an armed force to certain p:irts of the country for the purpose of obtaining coal, so that the public business may ba carried on.' All the same, hoTv ever, the coal is not obtained, and unless this is rectified at a very early date I give the Govern ment timely notice now that they will have con siderable difficulty in ' preserving law and order,' so far ag I am personally concerned at least. (Pall particulars of this solemn notifica tion lower down.) The Wat^r Bnard warning has just been made to the effect that unless a good supply of coal is immediately obtained, a great portion of the city and nearly all the suburbs will be absolutely lefb without a drop of water. Under the old regime such a warning wa3 looked for bv tuG IutorvS'(3:Pr3 ? 23- C!lfi Of t.ha 112U2.1 absurd notices of the blow-fly, mosquito, and .'southerly buster' season, and as it hurt no one and Beemed to amu3e the old Water Board authorities the people let it pass. The present Water and Sewerage Board, however, is not given to the firing off of suoh ghastly jokes. It is a conscientious, business -like body, and when it tells us that Egeaon's drought is likely to be anticipated by the policy of masterly inactivity now pursued by the Government we can reBt assared that there is trouble ahead, and it has to be met and checked, even if a second Cromwell has to arise and kick the whole of our political foosteiers into the street. One second's refaction is quite sufficient to make us aware of the awful danger to which ^ve would be exposed if our water supply wag to suddenly ceasa. The presence of a powerful hostile fleet at the Heads would not be one whit more serious. Let a fire get a fair start in this city, with our water supply cut off, and Sydney would be wipod out so effectually that Macauky'o New Zealander of the future wouldn't be able to find it oven on a map. As it is Sydney is not renowned for ita marvellous oleanlineaa ; what 'would it be therefore, if we had to water its streets with gingerbeer, and its citizens, Good Templars and all, were compelled to bathe in Walker's whisky or Toohey's tangle ? jRightj here is where my particular trouble comes in. No matter whether water is supplied or not the merry hearted water-tax collector will prance round with his quarterly bills all the same, for he is a twin brother of the gas account collector, and would cheerfully serve a bill for water supplied on old Nick himself even during the height of summer. He will find me grimy and sooty and the holder of a 40 -fish power thirst that a toper would gladly give £50 an inch for. He will present his bill. That will be the moment for the Government to test what it can do in the way of preserving law and order, forl will book on to that collector, and although I will ' neither kick him nor bate him, I'll break his heart with falls.' And the funeral will take place on the morrow. When certain matters go beyond a certain point of seriousness they border on the; confines of the ridiculous. The strike business appears to be one of those matters, and an excellent bit of fooling has just been fired off by by a New Zealand joker who has beautifully satirized the pompous style of diction assumed by some union magnates in a little sharp and shiny ad., which runs as fol lows :— PTRHE boycott is removed this day from Thomas -ii. Twiton for having eaten an egg laid by a hen that was fed by a child that had read a book that was printed by a non-union compositor, on his promising to kill the hen. (Signed) JACK HOUSE, Acting Secretary, Holus Bolus Affiliated Society. That is really smart, aud a deal of its sting lies in the fact that much of the sarcasm i3 well de' served. It would be a wonder, however, if the rest of the world could produce anything in the humour ous line that could not be topped off by the rollicking, fun-loving boys of Ireland. Hence it is that no one was very much surprised to learn from our veracious cablegram caterer that twenty seven Dublin grave-diggers bad gone out on strike Whether the3e gentlemen who 'hold ap Adam's profession' (vide Hamlet) have struck for shorter houre, or longer pay, or smoke oh time, the cable does not say, neither does it tell us that the corpses have formed an em ployers' union and are driving their own hearses, after the style our wool kings drove their own lorries ; but enough has been told to make even the old Kiatna Ghost sit up on its tomb and exclaim, ' What next — aud next ?' The Ghost has one consolation, however, for even if our own gravediggers are called out the spook's old friends dir Henry, will still ' preserve law and order' in our cemeteries at least. This is not all the strike trouble, however, in fact no earthly eye c^n see where the complica' tions now started are likely to end. In Amerioa the women — both mistresses and servants — have started unions and carry on as absurdly as if they were a lot of silly fool-headed men. The terrible results of this enleavour of the Woman's Eights party to right woman's wrong (that sounds badly mixed) was shown the other diy when the body of an unfortunate man wa3 found hanging by a suspender to a lamp-post in a suburb of New York. On being searched a diary was found in his breast-pocket, and part of its sad contents read thus. 'Monday, 13th October — Got a splended three years' job at £& a week at 9 o'clock this morning. At 11 o'clock it was discovered that the nigger cook's aunt's brother by hi3 mother's side was a blackleg. At 12 o'clock all hands were called out, as our employer was a baa,3tly theorist who be lieved that the nigger was 'a man and a. brother.' Tuesday, 14fch October — 111 strikers served with writs for breach of contract. Paid a lawyer forty dollars for d-iSiiG vering thah our employer hadn't a leg to stand on. Wednesday, loth October — Emp'oy&r; apparently had 50 l«ga ; anyway he gained the case. Men fined 200 dols each. Lawyer said it wasanint'itaous miscarriage of jnstice, and he would neither eat, drink, nor sleep until he had shaken the Republic to its roots it this scandalous verdict was not at once upset. 4 p.m. — Just heard our lawyer had gone on a fishing excursion, and won't be baok for six weeks.' 'Tuesday, 17th October — NurEe girl capsized perambulator with little Joseph. Wife sacked her. Domestic Servants' Association demand her being taken back. Wife refused. All domestic servants strike. Wife belongs to Mistreses' As sociation for domestic defence. My union affi liated with domestic servants ; pickets aud soou's threaten me for going home. Wife rates me for aiding in strike. Her Association compels her to refuse me iny dinner. My Union threatens me with boycott if seen helping my wife, one cf Mistresses' Association. Wife says if -I don't; come home and help she will make it hot for me. Attempt to get inside my house; run off by picketa and badly handled ; getting very hungry 3 awful times.' 'Friday, 18th October— Living in the park now. Taken refuge in the tallest tree ; only descend to rob school children of their luncheons as they pass, position unbearable, resolved to call niyeelf ' out of this world for ever. Can't be buried though, for grave-diggers are on strike, and the stokers at the crematory can't flee up through union refus ing to allow men to load coal. Won't waste money over an expensive sbjle of death, for it's even betting now that I will be called out of the next world, too, or that Charon's boat will be met by some Labour Defence President on the Stygian shore and the skipper ordered to take us all back to where we came from. It is very easy to die, but very hard to live in these day.' Speaking of the 'cablecramtner,' that enterpris ing party has now hit on the ingenious plan of send ing his news items along and contradicting them 111\. the same message. In the fulness of time he will probably improve on this by sending the contra dictions first and the news afterward?, a plan which will give quite as much satisfaction as the present one. Amongst the latest ' startlers' we are told that Sir Saul Samuel proposes to re sign his position as Agent-Geaeral and the billet has been offered to Mr. Bruce Smith. The same 'cable' unblushingly declares that there is no truth whatever in the statement. The ' cable crammer ' must, therefore, have sent it along 'just for the fun of the thing,' or to pass the time away. He adds, however, that ' the natives of N. S. Wales in London hope that when the vacancy does take plice Sir Henry Parkes will accept the Agent-Generalship.' Now, in the name of heaven who are the 'natives' referred to ? What are their name?, ages, and weights and colour?, and why can't we be supplied with full length portraits of them to ornament the walls of our lunatic asylums ? Perhaps Sammy Jones is the author of this report, and it was the arrang ing1 of the busines* with Sir Saul that caused him to miss his steamer, and almost meet the fate of M'Ginty at the bottom of the sea. Prom time to time, however, we have seen signs that our venerable political dove desires to come in out or the wet, and was anxiously looking round for a dry sunny spot on which his tired feet might rest, The Agenb-Generalship job would fit this 'long- felt want' of his to a nicety, and in all pro bability the above ' cable ' was flashed along by way of a careful sounder of the public feeling here. Nothing has been created in vain. Even the cable fool has his brief spells of usefulness at times. 