1 toveltst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, Lady Chelrwysd's Spectre. ""', B s. a-BY . HARRIET Lwsos. -44- C tIHAPE~tT SVIf.-(CoxTINUDo) 4 ¼:"?.i' No'-said B3ernice, "I cannot acknow -'ledge that l am Lady Ctetwynd." .'i4 it isn't necessary. I know you. Who '¾ n ;ecel you from youreoein e Was it Gil Siwt' wRook? What wee the matter with -ije un your iIntces How came he to rescue jest? ' " " l. y .do you ask me all these questions ?" . aked -Bernice. ." I cannot answer Ihem. Letttt go." Let me go, I say." c2--",",By no means. ' haven's bkgon nto speak . toosbyt. We are likely to ie ieterrup:ed rsaid Ragee. "Come with me. Do not ?;-4h Sac"Lk, Ishall not hurt you." ?:' -{ eraped Bernice'arm yet more tightly heer forward with swift im :catience. Theyplunged into portions of the tpadk*hleb Bernice bad never visited. And L7tjha'-kbey eame out upon the border of a i.ioglyllttle .ake, formerly much used in y.iltt1ster-theet hetwynds and their guests kMaling pond. %g&'?heSlke walower than the surface of 4 ba k·adwassenclosed by high banks, . shwerecovered with btately trees. The Er: deof tl; le lake were in shadow, but its , esh lay in the full sheen of the moon. andlooked like some great pellucid j r was upon one bank of the lake a stovethanging chalet ol the Swiss order eatltcture, which bas been built for the A fskaters In winiter. Its lower story ..:diselly from the lake, and was S aln time of uase by a little German iever . It, npper story, reabched tha Jadwanl sdde by a flight of n, :proviled with a great wide tj y eroes its entire front, where lead been wont to sitand view the Sb*I'hupeKr room of the ehalet was com \- rl'lnsrnhed, and was usually kept .le-e Old Ragee had lately supplied her rilfith thekeys of the building, with a ilebl o herp resent use of it. ' She halt led, half dragged her victim I-' m the long, airy flight of outside stairs rib? i k.te upper balcony of the chalet. The '-ofl'wsse -aide and iojeclins, and the' hbal ao y lay in deep shadow. The Hindoo hur. S?ledBernice along ie the gloom to the door "ti tsa?-gve upon the upper room, and there balted. There were rustic chaise and oes in profusion upon the wide balcony. '- Rgsi-a -eatedber ca?ptive upon a sofa and Ssat lsbwnbealde her, keeping a close hold 4 ' uponber. t ,?'hey were upon the water side of the 's.bl eIding, and the entire structure concealed thear view from the direction whense t ey l.ia come: The lake lay before them, and was under their very balcony, and be -.r Wrdee the dsrk and wooded shabores also \- ' il~geing to the park. Ragee shot a keen tjla e intothose distant shadows, and then, Sj-oplnced that in the deep shade of the , asnrrbanging room she oould not be seen even r-' m ir e lake, abe turned again to her young , ce.ptles S W:'Ae are alone." she said, in a veleathat thrilled Bernice with a strange -t??fal" Mosne, my lady I Do you compre. N . .Ye' faltered Bernice. "We are alone:' 04ffl'oo afraid 7" . No .,. Why should I be I But it is all o·.Ptrange. Let me go. Rlagee. Oh, let me \- 'There you hsve confessed in the utter an-tee of my name, that you are Lady Chet Swynd. Now I ask you again,and I ask it for I h. e last time, what was the matter with you ?1 'in yourillness I" She struck a taper. which she drew from a: boer in her pocket, and held the light to ti- hegiril'e face. The face was very palelrom :emotlon and weariness, but there was a -.brave and dauntless light upon it, that Seminated from a blare aw! dauntless soul. SAnd though Bernice. ns Itcfore, refused to '- niwer the question, the old Hindoo woman a?eached her features in vain for any kncwledge of the wicked attempts supon her ladyshlp'e life. It was evident that Monk had not betrayed to her his sister's g. : lt. S 41" If you were to ask me these questions all-ight," anid Bernice, " Istill could not \- answer you. You are wasting time on Se':. omething of the truthil began to draw on :.themind oftlhees.lute Eust Inldi wonan. She began to plrceive thalt BIernice was S lettered by some promise given to Gilbert Monk. Evidently he was keeping the girl secluded for a perpoaEe. Did he mean t reachery to his sister ? "Isuppose," R?gee said roeghly, " that you are bound by some oath, my lady. 'What are you doing at Chetwysd Park playCing ghost ? Tou ane changed, grown j beautiful, too, I-os'qpose ; btll what will your beauty avail you ? i'erhnps you think to win back you former hoslbnd I You might as well try to win back your lost " babyhood." The light of the tnoper flickered and went .:..out and the two were again in tile sladlouw. ,.The Hindoo woman coilsd nit see how her 'w.ordsi affected her bearer, and went on :!-";i,:9ub:. ... .? Oo si5:rd'Qhetwynd is greatly annoyed at -'-e hppernoe of your supposed apparition. e to leart tbh Park if he is . And it is natural that it continund the old Hindoo t fi*ree intonation. ' When tes should say dead. The 9R94', .~7 ?-an, the umurners 1il the deal oane's place with a new lure,oand tine return of thl dead to life would prove ustn awkwardl and embarrass illg. I'm sorry for you, my lady, but for the sake cf others I must tell you thr truth. Lord Chetwynd don't want you back. He isl sppy with hIis first love, and she adores him. You will come back to the home where you have long siuce ceased to be missed, and where you are not wanted. Your return to lilo and home will crelate more misery than your supposed death." Every word of this speech pierced to Bernice's very soul, yet she did not cry nor moan. The words were but a repetition of those with whicil Gilbert Monk had so oruelly stabbed her. It was as he had said her place was filled, and she was forgotten. The girl arose --Ragee loosening her grip upon her--and walked unsteadily up the low railing of the balcony and leaned upon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her some mo menls with a singular gleam in lher eyes, and a look of hatred so intense that it was odd the girl could not feel it. Thouen lagee rose silently and crept across the balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some three or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of a wild beast, and an inarticu late cry on her lips, she hurled herself for ward upon the slender girl, caught her up in her arms, and flung her over the balcony into the waters of the lake. Bernice's scream and her splash in the cold water were simultaneous. Old hagee leaned upon the balcony, and looked over In the darkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her eyes. Ilernie was striking out with one arm feebly, hbut with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's instinct warned her to avoid the banks adjacent to the chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her land ing. The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. "She can swim like a filsh," she muttered. " I had forgotten that she was tlaught to row and swim and sail a boat at St. Kilda. She stikhsout for the deeper water. she seems to land at that jsngle-like point yonder. What courage l What coolnessl She'll outwit me yet. Ah, she bheins to fiar. lshe uses but one arm in saismming, W'hy is lthatsl? She muet have strutck tlhe other on thlat pile of stanes just under the surface of thewater. P'erhls her arm is broken. She sbps. She is hust, or chilled, or has a cramp I Slhe was right. ernice had ceased to ex ert Iserself. Sule floated on the water as if hIelplevs, and then threw up one arm wildly. The next moment, with a wild scream,se she ank slowly in the dark waters, whlichl closed above her. SSheis drowned l" muttered the Hindoo Woman, with a jubilant laugh. "I'll come tno look for her body in the morning, asud every dlay until I find it. No one must ever now sthat she came back to life, I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I have frus' tirated your schemes. The ghost of Ohet twyndt Park is laid, and my Missy will be Lady Chetwynd, with no one to molest her. We'll see how my lady will raise from her grave the ewuond time." With a horrihl'e laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Itindoo Woman flitted down the steps of the balcony and plunged into the shadows of thle park, taking a bome ward direction, and leaving iernice to her fatel CHAPTER XVIIT. DEPARTUORE NCIESSARY. We will now return to Lord Chetwynd, whom we left flying through COletwynd Park in pursuit of the supposed spectre of his lust young bride. When Bernice had turned aside into a yet more obscire path, the young marquis dashed on in the wider avenue, unconscious that she had changed her course, and soon left her far behind, as we have narrated. His progress was toward the great house; and when at length he slackened his speed, with the conviction that the apparition had indeed vanished, he was in the edge of the ark, upon the very border of the wooded lan. He halted a moment in indecision and be wilderment. And just then Gilbert Monk came across the lawn with a swift stride, and approached him. Lord Chetwynd, in his excitement and agitation shrank back into the shadow, net caring to be seen; but Monk had caught a glmpso of the outlines of his dark figure, and called to him softly, and in a suppressed voice: "Hallo, therel Is it you, Flack? I've tracked my game into the park. We must look lively- Ah I--the devil I Is it you, my lord ?" His swift stride had brought him close to the marquis. He recoiled in horror as hbe recognised his lordship, and grew deadly pale lest he bad betrayed himself. Butthe marquis bad searcelyheard Monk's singular address, and had certainly given no heed to it. He was absorbed in his own be. wildering experience, and ehad no thought save for that. "Have you seen anrthing-anybody coming this way, Monk?" asked his lordship. "Not a soul, my lonrd," answered Mornk, eagerly. "Are you locking for some one 7" "Yes--no. It must have been my imagi nation-no, I swear it was not that. I can not explain or understand it, but Isaw her again but now, Gilbert, i the park I" "Her- Bernice f impossible, my lord. You must have seen one of the house-maids comlng from a tryst-" " What I Do i not know every feature of the face that haslaim Eo often in my b'som i -the face that is graven onr. my very soul I tell you I saw her, Monk. She flitted on before me and vanished into the shadows." ' Wheredid you see the fancied sceptre l" "In the Little Beech Walk, just out of the Beech Avenue." " III take a run in that direction joust to satisfy you, Chetwynd, that the appearance was that of a house-maid, or else a hallueoi nation. You should get into the house im mediately and sit by the fire, Chetwynd. Let Sgylvia dose you a little. I am persuaded that you are not well." Without waiting for a response, Gilbert lMonk turned away abruptly and hurried to the Little Beech Walk and to its junction with the Beech Avenue-two well-known Ipoints in the extensive and well-kept park. lie fullowed the Walk to its junction with the narrower and obscure path into which Bernice lad turned. He paused here, with a conviction that Bernice had plunged into this path. to strong was his conviction that he struck a fusee and by its light ex amined narrowly the shadowed path into which but few beams of moonlight pene tiated. His keen eyes sepeedily discovered traces of the sLruggle between the old Hindoo woman and Bernice. "I see,' he muttered. "She has been here--and so has someone else. There are malkse of a istruggle. Flock must have seen and c:,ptured her. That's it. She is in Finckhohondo. BUt where has he taken her ? He wnnuld eeturally carry her to the most secluded plot within a reasonable distance. lie hae probably taken her to the skaters' chalet by the Wide Waters. He has keys to the chalet, which I procured for him. Yes, he ihas gone there." Without an instant's further delay be flunghis burned out fusee upon the ground, and struck out through the park by a habort cut toward the skaters' chalet. As he neared Isis destination, a wild scream-that uttered by Berniae as she fell into the lake from the balcony of the chalet, when hurled over the parapet by the old Hindoo woman-emote his bearing. He quickened his speed Into a run, mut1 todangl "Ctuse that dolt! Why does I:eh let her yell like tha:t? ) a hlie mean to let her arouse thle courty ? CIetwyind may be be bind me, for aught 1 know. Why duesu't lFlack cg the girl 1" lie alnlost flea along the lutl in lhis canrr iers to reach the scene, his suns strained I catch the soundl of voices or a repetition r the scream. Hle saw nothing in his pathwa. -heard nothiug. hut suddenly--so suddenly as to deprive him of his breath-hbe came in abrupt and forcible contact with a person running in the opposite direction. T'is person was old liuge. The collision was equally uneax pIcctd to her, and hurled her to the ground half senseless. Monk caughlt Iris breath and put his hand to his cheat, against which the old Hindue woman's Ihead had bounded as if projected from a catapult. He believed that the par. tianily stunned creature at his feet was Ber nice, who had escaped from Flacr. He hent over the prostrate tigure, and the old woman made an effort to arise. " Blernice," said Monkt, in a gasping voice, "are you burt? Good HIeaven I A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull red turban and dusky risage of the old Bindoo ayab, revealing her identity most unmiatakably. I1eetood as if paralysed, as she slowly rose to her feet moaning feebly. " What are you doing here, and at this hour " demanded Monk. "Whbat are you after, Rogee 7" The old woman unclosed her lips to make response, but at that instant came again the shrill, frightened scream of a woman in mor tal peril. Ileonk waited to ask no questions. He comprehended tiat Pernice was inl danger. IIe swept the cowering old Hindoo woman from his path with one powerful arm, and bounded on toward the borders of the lake. He gained the bank. lie directed one keen, sweeping glance at the chalet, and then scanned the luke, upon whose surface, save at the shaouwed borders under the trees, lay the broad sheen of the lpale moon' light. Ahl I whalut was lthant ? A lusky Ies-I in the bright skimmer of the mouonbeams? A human head bobbing like a cork upon the watersl It rose-it fell I And now a low, shuddering cry came frIm it. And now it began to sink slowly uler the shlimmering waters I MHk did not wait to reason, or to think how Bernice came to be in the lake, and so far out. HIe saw that she was there, and pulled oflf his boots and coat and iluuged into the lake, striking out and making to ward her with the skill and swiftness of a strong and powerful swimmer. He was son at her side. IHer eyes were staring, She looked like one dead. He drew her to him with one arm and struck out for the little submergcd pier undei the chalet. le gained the pier and climbed upon it, still holding his burden tightly. He waded along the pier to the lower door of the chalet, in the shadow of the wide projecting balcony overhead. He lproduced keys from his pocket and ulnocked the door, and en tered the lower room of the chalet. Hie staugered across the room with his burden and laid her down upon the sofa in the darkness. Then he secured the door and struck a fusee. By its light he obtained from a corner closet a lantern, which he lighted. Ife turned the light of this lantern full upon the face of the half-drowned girl. " She looks like dead," he muttered. " If sbe is dead, my gamne is upl My fortunes bangon herlife I" In a great ipanic he felt her pulse, and laid Lis hand above her heart. He could just dlistinguish the feeble pulsations, and he knew that she lived. Setting down th lantern, he hurried again to the closet. Here was kept various stores for the use of the skaters, and variousn reme dies in case of accident. Monk found them all. He poured a draught of brandy into a tumbler, and forced it between the girl's white lips. He bchafed her bands, even while he abivered with cold and excitement. And presently her staring eyes relaxed their stony, unmeaning gaze, and her form qivered, and a great throb at her heart sent the blood bounding through all her veins and arteries, quickening the pulses at her wrist and reddening the death.pale cheeks and lips. Monk redoubled his exertions, chafing her delicate hands and pouring yet more brandy down her throat. She choked a little, coughed, and uttered a low moanu. ' Bernice I" cried Monk, softly-" Barnice, speak to me." The young marchioness turned her eyes upon him in a glance of recognition, and feebly uttered his name. "Yes, it is I-Gilbert," he said. "Why doyonlook around you in sudden fear ? No one can harm you, Bernice. I found you drowning. I saved your life to-night for the second time. There, don't speak, Ber nice. I'll have a fire directly, and get the better of the chill that is on us both." In addition to thc German porcelain stove, there was a grate in the lower room of the chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few bundles of fagots in the closet, and soon had a fire blazing on the hearth. The resinous odor of pine filled the room withfragrance. The subtle heat penetrated to every corner. "Now, Bernice," said Monk, approaching her, " let me lead you a few turns about the room. You are weak, I know, but those wet garments will give you your death. Come I" He lifted her gently from the sofa, and aupporting her carefully, led her to and fro the room. She leaned on him heavily. Her white silk robe, saturated with water ,clung to her figure, and lay upon the floor in dis cuolored folds. Her wet hair hung over her shoultders, drippingat every movement. Her bare arms gleamed like wet marble. After a few turns about the room, Bernice sat down again upon the sofa, white with pain. "I hurt my arm falling from the bal cony," she saId. "It pains me. eIs it bronken I" It was her left arm. Monk examined it with solicitude. No bone was broken, but the wrist ws sprained, and the arm was badly bruised. "I can do nothing forit," he said. " Yea must not use the arm, Bernice. It is a simple sprain but requires a soothing lini meat. It will be all right in a week, if it is well caPn:d for, and it shall be my business. to see that it is properly tended. D)o you know where you are, Bernice 1" "Yes; in the chalet," answered Bernice, looking around her with the first token of interest in her surroundinge which she had yet displayed. Andl then she told him of her neounter with Itagee, and the old ayab's attempt to kill her by tossing her into the lake. Monk started. He had forgotten until this moment, in the greater excitement of the rescue and reeesuscitation of Bernice, of his meeting and collision with the old East In dian woman. Bernice noticed how bis face whitened. Monk took a solitary turn or two about the room. The conviction that old Ragee had pitted hecself against him was by no means pleasant. A portion of his secret was laid hare to the naah and his sister, and be began to fear that they would contrive to cheat him out of the prize for which he was striving. He knew the old Hindoo woman to be more subtle than a serpent, and he hardly dared hopn that he might outwit her. He was afraid of her. "Bernice," he said, abruptly, "who is your best friend ?" "You are, the young marchioness an' mwered, simply, with a childlike trust In him that ought to have appealed to his better nature. "Yes, I am your best friend, Bernice. I rescued yon from your very grave. I fouend a anaetnd pleasant home for. yoa. Itbase proved apy true frliendeship for yen.' Will. yoe treat in to Sin ttiogm , ornlwJ1 Ut,~ Will yeou heed my wishns, end let me Ia!, yu back to Mawr (Caslle'" The girl's face grew paler, but she rlelhd iravely: " ' uwe you eecrytlii n,as you nay. Gilbert. end if you wish, I will go back to Waa?s- .il-anwl leane loy and the dear home I aLre loved--and-- and all-" •"And the murderous old Hindoo syah, iho will not rest until she destroys your ie I" interposed Gilbert Monk;" that is,if you remain here. I must get you out of her reach. The old creature is devoted to Sylvia, and she knows that Sylvia is be. terothed to Chetwynd, and abs fears that you mean to prevent their marriage. Their marriage would be legal, of course-you be ing dead in law alter you have been buried as dead-- but your reappearance would cause a scandal. Besides, Sylvia has too much generosity to marry Boy If abshe knew you to be living. And so this misguided old creature, having discovered that you live, and desiring to secure Chetwynd's and Sylvia's happiness, made up her mind to re. more you. She won't rest until she has ac. complished her intention, unless I hide you from her." "Then take me back to Wales. Take me away, Gilbertthis very night." " Mrs. Growl ;s over at Eathourne in lodgings, and Flack is somewhere about the grounds. I will send him to Chetwynd by Sea, for a fly, and you shall be driven over to Eastbourne to lire. Crowl's lodgings. You can remain in her rooms ntil to.mor row evening, and then proceed to London, veiled or disguised, by the exprees. Mrs. Crowl and Flack will take you hack to the castle." " My clothes are wet," said Bernice. " I am very uncomfortable, and I should not like to appear at Eastbourne as I am now. My cloak was carried off by old Ragee. I have a travelling-bag filled with a change of garments in the little garret over the tower attic, Gilbert, and my travelling dress and hat are there also. -Can you get them to me?" " I will go for them, and change my own garments at once, while Flack goes for a carriage. You will remain here, Bernice? You will not give me the slip as once before, I trust." "No. I will be here when you return. Oh, Gilbert, do you think old Ragese will come back to see if I am drowned I" "She may be lurking about the place now. Keep the doors locked in amy absence. I will give you my revolver to defend yourself in ease of neeod. Tilhe old woman cannot peuetrate into the chalet, Bernice. Keep upthe fire, and your courage as will. I well be back in half an hour." A few more words were spoken, and Gilbert Monk then left the chalet. He waited outside until Bernice had locked the door, and be then went around the house, examining all the fastenings with singular nervousness. "It's all right," he said to himself. "She is safe in there. Ragee has no keys to the chalet, of coarse. Bernice is brave, toco, and can defend herself if need arises. And yet I'm uneasy, I would rather the asyah hadi not made the discovery that Bernice lives. She won't rest until she destroys her, unless I hide the girl beyond her reach. I have Rot a serpent to deal with, and must be subtle as she." Bernice had been alone but a few moments in the little Swiss chalet when she heard a peculiar scratching at the dinr by which ,onk had departed. She waslyingdown at the moment upon the sofa in front of the delicious fire, the heat penetrating thlrough her wet garments to hier very vitals, but when the low sound reached her hearing she half raised herself, cresting her small, noble head, and waited in a pale expectancy for further demonstrationsa. 1She knew that the sound had been pro. dueed by old Ragee. she knew that the murderous old Hindoo woman had observed Monk's departure, and was now prowling about the chalet, like an Infriated tigress, seeking some place of entranee. "I can defend myself against her,' thought the young marchioness. "Gilbert will soon be back, and until then I can stand a siege." She grew paler in the very moment of making thin assurance to herself as she recognized the clinking sonund produced by the contact of metal with metal. It flashed upon her likes revelation that the old Hindoo woman possessed keys to the chalet. In that case it would seem that she was at Ragee's mercy. B She knew, instinctiv rely, after hearing the sound of clashing metal, that Ragee was en. deavoring to fit a key into the lock and to push out thekey already in. With new-borne strength, she sprang up from her sofa and flew to the door. She had hardly gained it when the key on the inner side dropped from the lock. As quick as a flash Bernice thrust the key back into its socket and turned it, holding it with all her strength. A low growling sound withont attisted that Ragee knew her presence and designs discovered. Bernice cast a quick glance toward the hearth. Bundles of fagots and sticks were strewn there, and she singled out one which she thought might be used to strengthen her defence, and thrust it through the loop handle of the her, resting the point of the stick onthe floor. Then she inclined her ear, listenigeagerly. She heard a low suppressed breathing outside and knew that old Ragee was crouching there and waiting. A few minutes passed, and then the enu ning old East Indian woman softly attempted to turn the girl's key in the lock. In vain. Bernice's ready wit had proved moretban equal to the emergency. The key could not be turned, and consequently could not be pushed out of the lock. There was a smothered smound as it impre cations in the Hindoo tongue, and then Ber nice heard the old woman creep stealthily away. "She is climbing the outside stair," thought the girl, following in her mind every step taken by her enemy. "She creeps along the balcony. She uelocks the door of the upper room. Ah I now Ihear her steps aboreme. She seems todeesend the inner stairs, unlock the door at the foot yonder, and burst in upon me." The girl flew across the room to the far corner, in which the light inner spiral staircase was inclosed, in a space corres ponding to the three corner closet. The door was closed but the key was not in the lock. The girl, it seemed, was thus at the old Hindoo woman's mercy. But Bernice did not lose her high courage. She wheeled the sofa against the door and piled on top of the sofa the easy chairs. There was an extra chair when the im promptu barricade had been made, and Bernice sat down upon this,just out or range of the stair door, and prepared to defend the only point in the room about whose strength to resist assault she retained mis gllnge. The old woman's movements were ex ceedingly stealthy. She crept down the stair and tried the door at its foot. It was iccked. Presently Bernice heard a key fit gratingly into the key-hole, and the bolt was shot back into the lock. A low, snarling laugh, like the subdued growl of a wild beast, came from the ayah. A moment of sunspense, and then the door was pushed open an inch or two against the barricade, which Bernlee saw that a vigor ous assault by theold woman would sweep asidb like so manytoys. "Stop where you mre l" cried the young narchioness, levelling herplitol, and speak ing in a tone so cool and commandingas to wamn aed obahstncs fro m the taouching turen t a sitale. ' im nut detelrodleba, 3as.-: .oka~hseoptn and I know how to use it. Stop where you re:!" not brr yting rV oice sa?ng sLtenl.y thrlolgh thile little cHalet. A silenc of snuce minutes followed this rpee~hl, but afler a little the door pressed with renewed force against the barricade, whichl yielded slightly. Bernice stood up, white and resolute, and setting her teeth together, fired. The ball whizzed past the aperture of the partially opened door, and buried itself it the wall. The asyah lhad been in the act of trying to peer into the room, and the ball had passed within three inches of her head. 6he gave a stilled howl of baltled rage, and buried herself against the door with vehe ment fury. Tle barricade yiclded now eseoieently to form an aperture large enough for the admission of the old woman's head. Bhe thrust out that extremity of her supple body with a peculiar darting move. ment. As she did anso, a bullet whistled past her so dangerous by that she drew back with another howl- this time a bowl of terror. "Are yenou yet convinced that I am in earnest 1" asked the young marchioness. " I have five shots left, and if yoen do not re treat you must stand the consequences." The old ftindou began to realise that she had not a child to deal with, nor a timid girl, but a woman aroused to battle for her life, who would defend herself at any and all cost, and be weakened by n terrors. Iagen sat down on the slender, spiral stair in dismay. She did not wish to go away and leave Bernice conqueror ot the field. Gathering all her forces, she projected herself against the door, and it yielded several inches. There was now space enough to admit her slender figure, and she cautiously prepared to avail herself of it. Crouching she covered her person with the barricade, and crept steathily into the room on her hands and kne s. To her aso tonishment, Bernice did not fire upopn her. She gathered belself up like a ball, aond raised her turbared head slowly above the back of the sofa. Sbe thought tllat Bernice had faintedin excess of tesror, and believed herself on the point of victory. With a sudden yell of intimidation she leaped up, and bounded into the centre of the iloom. To her infinite amazenment, young Lady Chetwynd was not in the apartment. The door stood wide open, and outside, in plain view, DBernice was slanding, supported hy the aran of Gilbert, Mont.--To te contis?er, .) 