LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 23, 1890. What with the Eccles election, the G.O.M.'s Midlothran campaign, and Mr. Morley's reply to Mr. BaIfour at New- castle this has been a week of extra- ordinary political activity. Mr. Morley made a decided hit at Newcastle, catching the usually accurate Chief Secretary out in two or three glaring errors. We are, however, all heartily tired of the so-called Tipperary riots and should be glad if they could be consigned to the limbo of forgotten follies. With the autumn session just upon us there is, alas, little hope of that, though the absence of Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon may mitigate the stream of eloquence on the subject. The progress of the Grand Old Galivan- teri from Liverpool to Edinburgh on Mon- day was of the usual triumphal charac- ter—crowds at the stopping stations, en- thusiastic cheers, and unavailing demands for the speech which Mr. Gladstone de- clared he must keep for "my constituents." The veteran statesman looked extremely well and seemed intellectualty as vigorous as when 11 years ago he commenced his first and most famous Midlothian cam- paign. By the way, the Pall Mall Gazette has produced an apropos Gladstone extra, which colonists who desire to refresh their memories on the subject of that exciting period will do well to look out for. The priica i only a few pence. As an oratorical effort it is generally conceded that Mr. Gladstone's great speech on the Irish question last Monday evening was very fine, but even the Daily News admits that the G.O.M. broke no new ground. He merely said in Scotland what Mr. Morley and. Sir William Har- court have said many times in England. Moreover the astute veteran was silent on a point which greatly exercises a large number of his followers. Whilst Mr. Parnell seemed likely to be the first Premier of Ireland the bulk of Gladstonians were willing to grant the distressful country Home Rule as an ex- periment, and therefore voted with the Liberal leader. Now, however, the situa- tion is entirely changed. Mr. Parnell has practically retired into private life. Since the rising of Parliament he has not appeared in public or taken any part in Irish affairs. The chances are, as Mr. Gladstone knows, that he will never to any extent do so again. Now, the con- dition of Ireland under the present regime may be bad, but can Mr. Glad- stone or any other enthusiastic Separatist honestly say he believes a Home Rule Ministry with Healey, O'Brien, and Tim Harrington as leaders would improve matters much? This is a question which is greatly exercising the National Liberal Club. Personal association with the leaders of the Irish party has done more to shake many Gladstonians' belief in Home Rule than a cartload of Tory speeches. The late Professor Thorold Rogers was at once the terror and the delight of the members' smoking room at the National Liberal Club. He had a bitter caustic humor, a coarse unscrupulous tongue, and very little respect for anything either. In the heavers above or the earth beneath. Some flaneur once remarked that there were only forty good stories in the world and thirty-nine of them couldn't be told before ladies. The venerable professor knew every one of those thirty-nine narra- tives, and the more likely they were to horrify his audience the more broadly he told them. To be just, the spice of wit in his case was always indubitable, and we none of us ever could help laugh- ing. When conversation turned on politics the professor laid down the law to us, and woe betide the luckless wight who differed from him. For club etiquette he cared not a dump, in fact. I once heard him call a Conservative visitor a "d———d fool" after five minutes' conversation. Anybody else would have been forced to apologise on the spot and reported to the committee subse- quently, but no one dreamt of even re- monstrating with Thorold Rogers. Of the serious work of the old man's life we knew little. I Imagine he put it off like his overcoat when he entered the club. The reception of General Booth's book by the press must have deeply gratified the woe-worn old man. From the hypercritical Times downwards the papers express generous admiration for his great scheme and earnest though doubtful hopes that it may be found workable. The book reads, says the Daily News, "like the daydream of a poet and philanthropist revised by a practical man. It is not new in its parts, but new as a whole." "Waste land to waste labor is General Booth's watchword," observes the Telegraph. "It all reads like More's Utopia, but the general's firm faith in the possibility of his scheme carries the reader away. It is better at all events to dream a social panacea than to acquiesce in things as they are." The Pall Mall Gazette says:—"The novelty of the scheme lies not in its component parts, but in the ingenuity with which they are fitted together. Shelters, refuges, Sisters of Nazareth brigades, industrial villages, colonial farms, emigration; to these and all the other panaceas there are fatal objections so long as any one of them is regarded by itself. The beauty of General Booth's scheme is that he relates each to the other and each to all. The 'city colony' leads up to the 'farm colony,' and the 'farm colony' to the 'colony over sea.' The other good works which General Booth sketches out must similarly be taken in connection with the great constructive work of threefold rescue, which is simultaneously to be going on. This completeness and solidarity of the scheme is, as we say, its great merit. But it is involved thereby in the greater risk. A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. If there ia a weak place anywhere in General Booth's gigantic pile, then the whole of it will topple over. This is why we place in the forefront of our remarks the question, Will General Booth kick his cabhorse in the belly? We ask this question in a spirit not of carping criticism but of candid enquiry. General Booth proposes to do for the 'submerged tenth' of our slums what is done for the London cab- horse. There are two points, he says, in the 'Cabhorse Charter'—namely, first, that when the horse falls down 'every- thing is done to help him up;' and, secondly, 'that every cabhorse in London has three things—a shelter for the night, food for its stomach, and work allotted to it by which it can earn its corn.' But under each of these two heads General Booth omits a very important point. The horse has work allotted to it certainly, but that is not all. It is forced to do the work at the point of the whip. Similarly when a horse is down. 'The load is taken off,' says General Booth, 'the harness is unbuckled; We are sur- prised that so acute an observer should have omitted what, alas! may be seen every day in the streets of London in such a case. The harness may be cut, but the advice once tendered in sarcasm by Mr. Punch is first carried out in practice— 'One of you sits on his head and the other kicks him in the belly.' It is a cruel method, and in nine cases out of ten entirely unnecessary. Still, if a horse is down which can get up and won't some application of force majeure becomes neces- sary. In other words, what sanction will General Booth's scheme have behind it?" Mr. Rider Haggard is going to winter in Mexico, and talks of laying the scene of his next romance in the region of the silver mines. "The World's Desire" will be published in one volume complete next week. I consider the main idea of the story a stale conception indifferently carried out, and shall be greatly surprised if it en- hances either Mr. Lang or Mr. Haggard's reputation. I am glad to notice that Mr. and Mrs. Ward's "Come Forth" does not appeal to the English palate, and that our soundest critics recoil angrily from its nauseating mixture of gushing sentimen- talism and grotesque irrevorences. Clearly the so-called "religious- novel" won't do at this side of the "herring-pond." More- over I sincerely hope neither Mr. Rider Haggard nor any other English writer will be tempted by Yankee dollars into embroidering on the Bible. Messrs. Blackwood have re-issued at 3s. 6d. several of the favorite novels which originally appeared in "Maga," and have till now been priced at 6s. Such are Mr. Lockhart's "Fair to See" (a delightful story), and "Doubles and Quits," Laurence Oliphant's "Altiora Peto," and Besant's "Revoltof Man." Ward and Downey announce a volume of poems by Christie Murray, entitled "A Bunch of Wild Flowers," "A Colonial Tramp," by Hume Nisbet, "Music Hall Land," by Percy Fitzgerald, and "Miss Wentworth's Idea," by W. E. Norris. Boys, and men too, who bought the first volume of Cassell's "World of Adventure" last year will not require to be urged to lay hands on the second, which is now complete, and an equally first-rate selection of exciting narratives. Both as regards letterpress and illustra- tions Messrs. Cassells have produced nothing better than this series. Talking of completed series reminds me that the third series of the admirable "Tales from Blackwood" can now be obtained handsomely bound in six volumes for 15s. As a Christmas present for a mixed house- hold up country I can imagine these "Tales" would be highly acceptable. They are of course most carefully picked, and are one and all by authors of the highest standlng. There are, I find, some very serious omissions in the new shilling "Selections from Browning." It seems incredible the compilers should have deliberately left out the oft-quoted "Oh! to be in England now that April's there" and "James Lee's Wife." An advance review of Sir Walter Scott's journal appears in the current Quarterly, and shows that this will be one of the most interesting books of the season. It was suppressed at the time of the novelist's death because of the too piquant references to many living persons. Bliss Broughton's "Alas!" is, in my opinion, a vast improvement on "Belinda" and "Dr. Cupid," and not im- probably her chef d'œuvre. The lady's style is bright and incisive as ever, but has lost the hardness and excessive flip- pancy which marred the cleverness of much of her earlier work, and become far more delicately sympathetic. Miss Broughton always relies on characterisa- tion rather than plot to interest the reader, and "Alas!" is no exception to this rule. Lily-like Elizabeth Le Merchant has "done something" (what, we only learn in the last pages) which banishes her from home, and necessitates her avoiding all society and travelling about the Continent alone with her mother. Two men meet and fall in love with the girl. One of them, young Byng, is a commonplace, kindly- hearted, handsome lad of 20, the other a staid and satirical 'Varsity don of 30, who tells the story and jibes at himself and his weaknesses continually. Mr. Burgoyne—or Jim as he is generally called —has been engaged for seven years to Amelia, the real heroine of "Alas!" Amelia wears out her waning youth nursing a selfish, hypochondriacal sister, and carrying on her slight shoulders all the heavy cares of her poor and feckless family. She loves Jim pastsionately, but is too clear-sighted not to see that (try and conceal it how he may) the man is tired of her. Seldom has Miss Broughton drawn a truer scene than the one in which loving and patient Amelia with (as Jim can't help noticing) a draggled appearance and an unbe- coming cold in the head, tries to give him back his liberty, and Jim (touched to the heart by her sad eyes) endeavors loyally to reassure her. For a time he succeeds, and Amelia experiences a sort of twilight happiness. Then the poor girl's cold gets worse, and before her startled relatives have ceased groaning over Amelia's inconsiderate conduct in lying in bed, the prop of the family is dead. Byng's frantic love for Elizabeth is, likewise, well-described, and so is the stunning blow which attends the discovery that she is not the angel he imagined. Whether Miss Broughton does right in making him, as a matter of course, give up all idea of marrying the poor girl, Jim Burgoyne eventually resolves to face the ordeal and dare Mrs. Grundy, and the curtain drops leaving the reader curious as to the future. It is impossible to run an expensively mounted comic opera after modern methods unless it draws fair houses, and this is just what "Captain Therese" hasn't done so far. Violet Cameron replaces Attalie Claire in the title rôle this week. Should business not improve the piece will be taken off, and Lady Dunlo and the "Venus" burlesque substituted. "The Masher of Ravenswood," by C. Burnand, with music by little Solomon, follows "Sweet Nancy" at the Royalty shortly. Miss Wallis (Mrs. Lancaster) is cer- tainly unlucky. Her husband, in redemp- tion of a pre-matrimonial pledge, built the fair actress a theatre—the Shaftesbury— which she has twice tried to manage, on each occasion with disastrous re- sults. The critics damned Buchanan's "Sixth Commandment" with a cor- dial unanimity when produced ten days ago. It Is, in fact, a wretchedly weak dramatic version of Dostoreffsky's "Crime and Punishment." which not even the superb acting of Herbert Waring as a vil- lainous Russian prince could make toler- able. Mrs. Lancaster, however, believes in "The Sixth Commandment" and dis- believes the critics, so on Saturday even- ing last it was announced that she would ask the audience a question after the fall of the curtain. This was of course, "Did the public like the play, and should she and her husband in despite of bad houses continue to try and run it?" Civility costs nothing, and voices from the pit responded "Yuss." The stalls and circle however, remained ominously silent. Still, Miss Wallis—I mean Mrs. Lancaster— expressed herself satisfied. We shall see if this trick has any effect in bolstering up business. Great preparations are being made at the Princess's Theatre for Mrs. Langtry's grand spectacular revival of "Antony and Cleopatra." Mr. Chas. Coghlan returns to England specially to play Antony, and the minor characters will all be in thoroughly capable hands. The Jersey Lily's old ally, Lewis Wingfield, is, with Chas. Harris, responsible for the mount- ing, dresses, and processions, and classic correctness will be ensured by the super- vision of Laurence Alma Tadema, R.A. The last important revival of "Antony and Cleopatra" was in September, 1873, at Drury-lane, when Miss Wallis, then a lovely girl, played the great queen, and the scenes representing the arrival of Cleopatra's barge, the meeting with An- tony, and the sea fight were the talk of town. Nevertheless the run lasted barely four months—September to Boxing Night —and Chatterton lost money over it in- stead of making a pile, as he had done out of "Formosa." A second look in at "La Cigale" con- firms my first impression that the opera is the blithest, best put together, and most successfully staged piece of the sort since "Dorothy." Note especially when look- ing through the score (now published at 6s.) Franz's madrigal, "Better for her and me," Marton's catchy river song, with its "Eh! eh! Eh! eh!" chorus (thrice en- cored nightly), the first act finale, "Ah ! let's drink to La Gloria," and Marton's gavotte, "Mother, dear, the violin I hear." By the easy victory of M. Ephrussi's Alicante (3 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb.) in the Cam- bridgeshire on Wednesday the French, who have always been very lucky in this race, more than recover their Cesarawitch losses and take a big stake out of Eng- land. The ring are not, however, so hard hit as they would have been had the daughter of Hermit and Madeira scored in the longer handicap. Tostig, Victorious, and Morlon were all three backed for tons of money for Wednesday's race, and finished well-nigh equal favorites with Alicante. In the Cesarewltch the filly was a 2 to 1 chance at the last, whereas at the start for the Cambridgeshire 9 to 2, and n places 5 to 1, could without difficulty be obtained. Fred Barrett had as easy ride, as Tostig and Victorious, who made the running, were done with at the distance, and coming down the hill he had only the outsider Belmont, to reckon with. It was never even necessary to shake up his mount, and Alicante won very comfort- ably by a couple of lengths from Captain Machell's three-year-old, with. the' stop ping Tostig a bad third, jaBfc In frinb of Victorious. Belmont's name never appeared in the betting till Tuesday even- ing, when a few 1,000s to 5 were taken. Subsequently, however, it transpired that in the final two hours before the race a large commission had been quietly worked all over the country both to win and for a place, and that the stable actually landed £10,000 place money, and would have landed £80,000 had Belmont been first instead of second, Sam Loates was promised £1,000 if he won on Tostig, whom the Abington crowd had tried very highly. Unfortunately the brute failed to stay. Morion also disappointed his backers, and Martagon (Ryan's great tip) finished absolutely last. The field of 29 runners was the largest since 1882, when Hackness (after the historic day's post ponement inconsequence of awful weather) won for Robert Peck. M. Blanc started Gouverneur for the Criterion Stakes in preference to the Dew- hurst Plate, in which Reverend did daty for the stable. Neither this colt nor Siphonia, nor the non-staying Miml had, however, the ghost of a chance wish Lord Koiebery's oddly-named Corstorphlue, by FoxHall-Chopette, which won In a canter by two lehgths. On Thursday, in the Free Handicap Sweepstakes for three-year-olds, across the flat, St. Serf (8 st. 8 lb.) just beat Mairtagon (7 st. 8 lb.), Blue Green (8 st. 8 lb.), Surefoot (9 st. 5 lb.), and Sainfoin (9st. 5 lb.), who finished in the order named. Betting—2 to 1 St. Serf, 100 to 30 Blue Green, 5 to 1 Surefoot, 100 to 15 Sainfoin and Martagon. 