THE members of the Curlew rClub met at the local Town Hall on the 18th inst. for their customaiy'~onthly smoke. A very large'number attended and the evening passed ofi; most successfully. " The most successful we have ?aa " was the unanimously admitted opinion, but as this is the conclusion usually arrived at after the holding of each one, the highest praise that can be given was that it was well worthy of all nreceeding it. The' absence of the Hon. Secretary, Mr. T. P. Dight, who had fallen a victim to the prevailing epidemic-evoked general sympathy, and telegraphic ex pression of it was sent to the sufferer, who would doubtless be greatly, cheered by the attention, and 'able' to en'eet his enemy the influenza on mere equal terins. A capital musical programme was disposed of to the infinite satisfac tion of all concerned, and nothing that could add to the pleasure of members was left undone. The overture by the Curlew Orchestra,the " March Preciosa" 'ind "Curlew Midnight Revels" met o'thbe full as . The' orchestra continue to e sustain their musical repute and opularity.. nstrumental selections were neither few nor far between,'ind all exceptionally good. The favourite violinist Mr. N. La Fenillade, contribu ted "Original Dance Music" to the evening's entertainment, and'needless to say, did it well, and Mr. Langdale, of the Victorian National Orchestra, gave a Basson solo " Lucy Long " in. his in imitable style, to the great enjoyment of the audience. The encore was undeniable and "For he's a jolly good- fellow" was given in response. The dclub is to be congratulated on securing contributions to its programme from members of the premier orchestral combinaotioit in the colonies, and it is to be hoped that not only Mr. Langdale baut other' members of the orchestra will be-frequently heard from the same platform. Herr Jacobi's contribution was a pianoforte solo " Spring Song," which was'excellently well rendered, and an instrumental quartette, "Selection from Faust," by Messrs. Kraetzer, H. Lewis,'G. Lewis, and Mason, very warmly applauded. In vocal items "The Wolf" by Mr. P. Josephs stood out and secured a thro oughly deserved encore. " The :Storm Fiend," by Mr. White and "Touch the Harp Gently," by Mr. Williams were well given. The comic element: found able representatives in Mr. Will Elder and Mr. Will Watkins, both'of' whom contrived to tax the risible - facilties of their audience to the utniost. Mr. Elder's contribution, was .the comic version of Mark Antony's oration, which was received with the laughter this gentleman's ever-varying and varied style evokes, and*" Binn's Ghost," from Mr. Will Watkins, provoked the usual encore. Mr. Duggan recited "Clarence's dreani" with his ciustomaryi dramatic success and was loudly ap applauded. . Mr. Stacl gave "The Air drawn Dagger" with the power that makes such visionary weapons real for the nonce. The programme was com pleted by part songs from the Curlew Quartette party, " Hark above us" and " Come Away," "Otto's Dance" and "Latzow's Wild Hunt." It is needless to add that the rendering, was all that could be desired. Durinng the interval the Chairman called attention to the approaching Shakspearian :ball, and trusted that a generous support :would be accorded to the Roscian Club in their endeavours to fitly honor the. natal day of the glorious bard. The hour of part ing was hailed with regret, and a most enjoyable evening brought to a con clusion. Mr. F. Ireland acted through out as accompanyist. In the supplement to be issued with next week's "City Press" will be found the commencement of a new tale, " The Court ing of Dinah Shadd," which promises to be one of unusual intelest. The scene is laid in India, that land which exercises so wondrous a fascination over the Anglo Saxon race. A fascination which has been transmitted to us in such intensity that India, its tropic beauties, . its wondrous wealth, and the British blood and treasure poured out in days goad by. for the- rescue of the thousanda subjected to the'fiendish cruelties and persecutions of its svhilom rulers, must ever be a theme of absaorbing interest and mystery to all descendants of the British race. In the opening chapters of "Dinah Shadd" there is enough interest to make the reader impatient for the con tinuation; they are written in a style which produces the impression of the men whose fortunes are being followed, being men who have' lived, joyel and suffered. -In the military fervour also, which is just now pearating the lenOth and breadih of our land, the doings ft the soldier bandso who are the first of the dramatis persola to mat their appcara?ee on the stago =h The eighth progirss report isuedl by the Royal Commission on Vegetable prodnucts is Co hand, and contains, as did all preceding it, a mass of valuable information, anil preaches the same doctrine- that of small holdings enforced by incontroversible facts. Curiously enough, whilst the report was in hand, a lady in the Exhibition Gardens, commenting on the like and yet unlike characteristies of Australian and American, said "Australians distribute.their energies over too wide an area." And almost the same thing did Mr. Francis.Melton say in his evidence before the Commission: "In France small holdings were the' richness of the country, but our government has given the farmers too much ground ; they do not know what to dowith it." The insect pesat is comprehensively dealt with, and some very practical suggeitions made in re check ;foit ravafgen. A sew field for cbhildren's cnergies is opened up, in the auggeation of their being employei in hand - picking the insects from the trees. IMr. E. Anderson mentioned having offered children a penny a dozen for some particular moth he himself was unable to find, and in the coarse 'of two or three days he had more broughtto him tlan he kehs what to do with. Mr."Ander saon thinks were a 'very little inducement offered, the children would find them easily, and an enormous numberbe destroyed. The scggestion isa good one in these dalltmes, for many of ihe numberless idle juveniles aboat would .be glad, teoears a few peace Odeaaionnally. .StOcka-brehding fruitegrowlng and preservieg, seine iatereetingepaeiiularas. about the Charfey 'sdttleinent,-and a' plan of the portioh of Mhildura now being dealt with, makes the report one of miore that uauaol 