10OW THE I'LAN W\ORKIED. L Your white ro?es are just coming into bud, Lally,' said Aldrich Cu ne, as ho cline ie from tile garden. Blorosom fledge is at its prettiest now. The coffee exhaled a fragrant odour, the fresh-baked bisrcuits were of the most delicate brown, and the chickens broiled to Ia turn, but .Mrs. Cone's fIace wore a maonst tragtic ex prrssion, as hie sat with tau open letter in her' hand. ' Aldrich,' said she, hystorically. ' what rm I to do? Iere's your .\lllnt Etlrltlhao conling heroe next weeek, with her six ehill rlou anid tlthe nurie! They've had the measles, it seerms, and the doctor htins prescribedl euntry air, so they've deciidd to irnlict a four weeks' eistitatior upon Ina !' t ih,' said Aldrich, guiltily, ' I forgot to tell you. ltaidee Clair wants to coles here thiis sullller. Sh require perfect qruiet to finish her now novel, and i ars she ros trils such a d . lightful imrpresiron of Blossom HOedge from her last Snuulaer's vis::.' 'OOh, does she, indeedt?' said lMrs. Cone, drshing tit cream iand .iug rlr reklessly int, the 1 sea- green chinla lculit. i And we mist remembner that your cotsitn Falkl:tnd hain kindly volni teered to saind Andro:iuedl: hete for the strinier, 1 so that sie inay frget that love afillir of hers with Jack Jreetlyn.' ' I'm afraid we havel:l 't roon for 'el alrl,' said Mr. Coae, reolectiveiv. Oh. yes, you have,' saild Lally, with tears and laughIter ntrugglinlg in her voice. ' They'll sleep on the rhall hat-ruck, on tile garret floor, or the collar shelves, sooner thar forego tile opportunitv of getting good coulitry tboard for nothing . Andu I shal tio ilas did anst ,ear- get alonlg without a new wintter sut, it, d do I liry OnIrL winter iltruste erI-k. llrbeausRe tire holse- t keeping bills were ro heavy during thie slunari er. All our rolations ai, very artieular. vou knsow, about their eating and drinuking, anrrd e had to get new hair mattre.sses for the Jo!thnenll Stumvthes, and re-larpet IIaidee's rootm becaueise she " perfectly atllorred' i the ohl pa:ttern.' 'It's outragl:onrs said Cone:, carving the i chickens. IlBut I dt'or't know hot wer iv'.r to helpl oltrselves without being dreadfully rude.' 'Tell tllewll lthanly-l ttler they ranlmot collme.' Our r?eltratoras. Lilly ,' re:nnnstrateic Cone. SIt's an im tpositicn.' said Ladly. ' It's only for a littlO while, ny love. Let'eml conie.' 'It will ibe for all summeor, Aldrich.' 'No, it won't. I'll see to that.' what do you ell etlll I've got a planirt riy head, my love.' A pltanti?' 'Yes. You'll ro ee. Only don't ask any ques. tions.' ' Uut, Aldrich,' plneaded tile young house. keeper, with every hlostiritatle iiptlso rising up ill hier leart, you ous'lrt trat 'eml rltdely.' I'll be as pleasant as Puirchi to 'em, my love, see if I'm riot.' Aldrich, what are you goilug to do?' D)on'tI toll you, Lily, tt it's U profound secret ?' ' But you'll tell me ?' ' I'll tell nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cone steadfastly nlld hiored, in spito of Lally's protestations and eon. treaties. Tile authoress arrived, with neveral hugo trunks, ia typtwriter andt a haIniock. Miss Andromeda Ftalklrtd casne lry this texet trairl, ' like Niobo, all tears,' arnd itrs. Effllu. hatu, her nurse aind her six rnies. troublenome e young convalescents brought rip tirhe rear. iTeir peottle!' Sutid l \s. Croiie to tihat trust worthy rlnd eliable eolfidetlt, her.-otf. tOh dear! oh, doer! I night its well haveo taken ai situatior for generat housework in ar summer hoaritrrg- b.tree.' iI tdon't e?u,' atil tMrs. Peppoer. tihe minisiter's r?ife, ' llat that yeuirg Conu is tltinl:ii,. of to itlluw is wife to ie so Ioverrihltene with re. lations. Tile rwethiler is very lhot, and slhe is far frol strong. And I elr totl they eleetl them selves on r sofa bedstead i tihe pair!our, to make room for that swarm of parasites.' ' MIy dear,' raid the gootd parson, 'are you not sexpreasing yoarself rathter srongly:-' 'I'ln only sperakuig the truth,' said MIrs. P1Otper. Peut it sooeen transpired tlhat Mrs. Cone'oks visitors, like IBarrumns happy family, could not agree. Miss Ilaideo Claire couhl not write without 1 tire aecomipauintent of perfo:t sienrce. 'Tho little Eftillghatu could nrot divert themselves 1 without tire hoots and shrieks tieuliar to their tender years, nund both 3tiss Claireo iand Mrs. Effingham took exception to the rouriful banjo notes on which Andromedia Falkland wras woint of an evering to eowait her blighted love. a They are quarrottiu : ilko cats and dogs,' sighed Lally to laar uideusban ' Let 'em quarelr,' said Aldrich. W''hat lPxr?s, mat' said Erskino Efltnglmm one afternoon, as he returned from a successful raid upon.the hens' nests in the barn. t We've I got to tikou our hlmmnocks and crolurt out of t the luplo lot.' ' W alut for?' petllantly rldnoired his mother. ' Cousin Aldrteh has sold it,' 'Sold it? How very inconsiderato of him!' Ssaidl Ire. Ettlin?haun. 'Sold it to whom?' I To tile cemetery people.' 'What!' ' The ccm-o-te-ry people,' enunciated Master SErskine. 'The raiilroad's a.goiu' right through tithe olt graverirnl, and they've got to havu Ir niow tphlce. I h eard coultin Aldrich toll the carpenter to bring that load of fence posts right oft, nod Iteard hlinl any, too, that it didn't uIttlcr so omuch, benuitse there had already been two or three inrterments there.' SInterments !' gaBped Mrs. Eflfngham. 'under our very windows? Goodness mu! I never heardnof such ia thing !' 'If ye ploac., mua'ant,' said Delia, the nurse, 'that accounts for it.' ' Accounts for what?' 'lThe ghost, man, alol hi white!' tittered Delia, with chattering teeth. 'Io soea it last night, mutt, as the church clock struck twelve: ma' I seed it the night boebre. Aln' I doll't wonder, ma'am, the lpor doead bodies bein' lug up and scattcred arouud tlis way. And if you phase, nLtantt you'll suit yoturself at ontcO, for ntot nother week will Delii O'llmirke live next door to i churchyard.' t Ma, ma,' whispered Florence Ellinghanlm, who had eagerly devoul'd evrlry word of the discussion, 'I'll nfratih of glirtse. Delia says ghosts cotue after little girls it theyv iou't-' ' Will you husi?' said Mrs. Ellintghnma, clasping her hands in despair.- ' Aldrieh, what is thins? Have you sold the Mlaple lot ?' ' Sold it! Wthy shouldn't I?' said Mr. Cone, why just tle camoitn witl it string of spolkled brook trout. 'They offered mte a capital pirice, anii I'ml ntot ia rich mail,.' 'IBut to a comoteryl' ' I don't know is quieter neighbour than a ctmutery,' said Aldrich. c And I'm told,'isaid l rs. Ellughamt, with a bhudder, 'that some interments have already taken place 1' I didn't euppodi you'dt mind it, Aunt Efllng lham,' said the young host. ' ' Mind it! Whly it's a semi-barbarous pro ceeding!' cried the lady, 'Do we live its a civilised country or do we not ?' 'Mla!' screeched RLudolph EJlinlghmuo, the e:cond soi, jerkinig at the maternal skirts, ' here's a loal of luilober it the tIars, is real bigi load. Do you suppose that's to make the cowllns oat of?' Just thou Miss Clare stalked, Ins Lady Matcbeth, oil the scene. 'I attach no importance to vulgar supersti. tion,' said she. glaring ait Mrs. E?lliigltan, with wihomn ilte wVatin loiger cii peo)okilg terms. ' Of the idel I entcrtat ino fear. tHat the living are quites ilifferentthinig. And I cer tainly sawt a-tn-lil, Coiusin Alrich, prowlinllg abolut these plremises last night, with It dark lantrra.' 'TIh ghost!' uaiteakedi Delia. ' I have seen hin, too! I did, with these eyes, the bleassed saints tietulntlme land lll harm ! h lIt ! O l oh! oh i! 1'Peace, foolisah wolnailI' i :Lid tItileC. 'lThis was no shdiilo ! It was it Ia irly thief, intent lno dloublt onil isclhief. I naw himi try to openi the back parlour shutter, andi thetn NoIighbliour Flsley's waggon drlove Iby, and ie disallpeared is if by mnagie. Anld I Wnllt you to unildr. stanl, Lally,' to Mrs. Cone, 'that I canl't sltaid the liervoiln shock of this sort of thinlg. ily tirilfecsioull re?irra that I shoulll lhe sur rounllded biy placefuil calm. I leave here to. 'A' I'll go witl yez,' said Delia. ' I can't sleelp nightso iit at pl:ace where burglars is cliutitt' up the trollis work, anid poor ghots COlme stalk it' iroundll when the church clock strikes ilid tlight, Iand I whole waonaggotln-lol lnmore celuin' to morrr or lrit day, fren, the eilnetury ! Oeh, haute ! the like of it niver was heard iufore !' fa. cma! i :'t wei go too? We're afraid to stay lit Il.essorn ltedgillanuy longer !' pleaded the little litiinglhims in chorts. Andl so lthere waas at geniral exodus. 'Aldlrich. is this true ?' said Mirs. Cone. whllel ths l :tt exllres load of trunklIs had dis Iappearedl roia dill th' ciurve of the roadl. Is what trull ? YoIIu're not itfraitl of ghosts, are yout, Lallt ?' ' N?o: hut- ' Donl't frot, tnv dear.' said Conet, cor.l posellyh'. ' lThie ceIetllery hiias Iurchlia.dll lot, but it h'ippeas to be ?taiple Htill, fouir miles to the east of u?. I'In inot to hl:lalue, iln I, for Eral:ille lli?inghiian's blundiir :' i3But the lad lof llumber i 'I've sollll thlti place to Dr. Ilassett. andll hi's going to build i gei of ait Quen? Anio cottage. I eiin't imngine any pltasatlater neighbourse tiarill the Ilassetts will h u: can you ?' '.-y'es,' nsid Iewildered Lally : ' hot the intermnenta that had already taken place there S You sail oourself----' ' My dtlirest girl, don't you reomebller that we lburied iiutila. your pot statlitl, undller the sweothrinr hash there, antd the two aunaries last fall?' Ot1, ALirichi, ilren't you ashamed of your self?' lf'Who--i? Not in tholCast.' Sllt the ghostis, A?hrieh ? the lburglarsn ' I-lere clestio A tillrolnednail,' said 1ir. Con?e, " with ii su dden assumption of more than jdic:i ii gravilc. ' Coiia hero. vout false damsel, atdI own, utip at oncie what 'vno already beeni sharpll euoulug to iliso.v'ler fir for yself.' ' Oh, CiOusiin Aldrich,' etutnuatered lpooer Ani droudltat, lllshinrlcti'n.iLstial ros'y rutd it. trvl vailyp to liile hier innce behind the bhhiriblo nedl baunit int her hihand. SI atn neither Delia O'llourlo, nor the E'ling. ham childrenc, iiir yet tlaitleo Cllare,' lierci. hssly We.n tetc Aldricuh. ' And I shrewdly Sis-H pec t'hat the ghtst wias Jack Jocelyn inll whille telllissuit, hiuntinig the gIreen field bIllneatth hiis norluthlonrt'a wiitdow, and thile bIurlal:r lno other th:ln TlLack JaOcelyt ill bllack, climllliig lup the trellis ifter a letler whichle he well knetw where to lihi. Alldrollieul blullshedl redder than ever. 'NuN:, i'll have nio ilnore of this,a' ahil Al drich. with nolck sterlnness. ' Coifoess, young womlal. nt i ntie, talit you llild your love ii?ttir ire att he Ilottli oif all this Inloytillction. JalCk Jocelyat has uiiel teidp.' i ' Oti, Alutrilhe ' saluted Andromeida. Alnd will yn,, tea, turnt agahilst tile'" 'ot : bit of it.' noil Ahlrich Cone. cheeour. fully. ' l)ou't fret, little onet, Jack lhas just tohl tie that hle has beeiin applllloited to : thou ndiiiidollar hertha in the general post-ofilce, IanId I've written to your lotiher that things ire tll right. II's a jolly good fellow, indil it isnl't nectuue.ary for himt to play ghost out itn the cold aii i'oner.' A?.lrouiclda threw huerself, weeping with joy, into I;Lly COII"?'s armls, iand the two women re- I joieel toigl.tiaur.' Ahlrihh aeilled. M' "lila:n li:anit't workd eno badly,' sald hue. 