THE HUMORIST. MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. IB? Mbs. Bowbsb.1 I suppose Mr. Bowser ii just like all other husbands in regard to money matter*, and I hope no one will get the idea that I am speak ing in a complaining tone. It is the daty of a wife to put np with whatever queer things her husband's nature may develop, and no wife must wonder over a husband's inconsis tencies and incomprehensible actions. A few weeks before we were married he himself brought up the subjeot of money matters to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he said— " There is one thing wnioh shall never hap pen in my house. Yon will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would oollectors come for an outlawed acoonnt. They pinoh them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Snoh husbands as those deserve the oontempt of every deoent man." " Yes," 1 replied, not knowing what else to say. "When we are married," he continued, "half my inoome Is yours. Why not? We are the same, or will be the same, as partners In business. Although I may carry the money abont for mntual convenience and safety, yon have the same right to it as I have. When you want any, jnat go to the pocket book and help yourself." We had been married several weeks when I wanted a couple of dollars. J. happened to think of It aa Mr. Bowser lay asleep on the lounge one evening, and I therefore took oat bis pocketbook, removed a .$2 MIL and re placed the rest as Ifonnd it. As I did ao he famped np, end yelled ont "Well, if that isn't obeek then I don't know what the 'artlole ia! Married only six weeks, and yon are robbing your hus band 1" "Ton tbld me to help myself." "Never 1 I'd look pretty telling yon to rob me, wouldn't 11" " But yon eaid half yonr 'inoome belonged to me, and that I never need ask for money." "Tonmust be orazyi What on earth could you do with money t Why, if you had $15 or $20 per week you'd run us to rain in three months) I don't want to pinoh you down ub some wives are pinohed, but don't you ever have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again 1 When yon want ohange I'll give it to yon." In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar, it was at the breakfast table, «nd the way he suddenly looked up almost -caused me to ohoke onamoutbtul of potato." " A dollar 1" he exolaimed, " Yes, yoa said I should ask you when I wanted any money." " Humph I Here is forty oents, and I hope you will exercise good judgmentin expending it." Two davs later he enquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said— "Mr. Bowser, we have been married eight weeks. Your inoome, as you have informed me, is $40per week." " W-what's that to do with this oase?" "A great deal, sir, You have had $280 eome in since we were married. How have Sou spent it! Please get out your aooount ook. " Are you talking to me 1" "Certainly. I am the same as a busi ness partner. How has that money gone t" He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put on his hat and walked around the block to oool offi When he returned he had oalmed down sufficiently to say—" Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house." " Yes." " That head must see to money matttrs," "Yes." " I don't want to plnoh you down, as I said before, for 1 despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money to a certain extent, it—It—" "It is not my money to another oertain extent!" " Well, the proper way for you is to oonfer with me as to what you need." " If yon want a oigar or a drink of beer or a etreet-oar ticket do yon confer with me 2" " Bnt that's different." *' Oh 1 it is! Very well—let ne oonfer. Get out your pencil and pot down—1 atrap for 1 pettlooat, 2 oents; 1 darning needle, 1 oent; 6 agate bnttons, S oents; 1 corset lace " "Stop!" he interrupted. "As I said before, I don't want to pinoh you down, bnt I hope yon will exercise good judgment in making your purohaaes. Here's a halt, and yon needn't enow me any bill of items." We had not been married three months when I observed some very peouliar notions on the part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. On two oooasiona I found hie wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I oame down first. Again, it was under the lounge in the eitting-room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer pro ceeding* he replied that it was to guard against burglars. One night, when he thought I was asleep, he got up and took his wallet from under tne bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its oontents, about forty dollars. This money I placed in his pants pooket and went to Bleep prepared for a surprise party. One oame. I was down stairs when he got up, and presently I heard him dancing about and shonting— " By the great horn spoon I but we've been robbed, Mrs. Bowser 1" " Well 2" "We had burglars tin the house last night!" "No!" "Yes, we had." " How do you know 2" " Because my money is gone)" " Where was it 2" " It was ." He checked himself there and mumbled something I could not hear, but when he oame down he was white as a ghost, and his voiced trembled ae he said :— " Mrs. Bowser, do you think the oook is honest 2" " Why, of course. How could she oome In our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat 2" " Strangest thing I ever saw. They took the money, but left the wallet." At this moment he began searohing his pookets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. 8inoe then I have found his wallet in the washstend, in the bed, behind the bureau, wider different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the olock. Onoe he left his ooat to have a button Bewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had been gone an hour or more, when I looked out and saw him coming up the street on the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house was on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into a ohair. He jumped against the front door with a great bang, fussed around to unlook it, and finally rushed in to yellont— "Where is my coat 2" " Is—1b the house afire 2" I asked. "Thunder, no! Where's my ooat!" " Why, hanging on the hall-tree." " Ana you've been into my wallet 2" "No, I haven't. I haven't even touched the ooat." He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found the wallet safe, and, as I afterwards ascertained, it eontained exaotly $7 and no more. 