AQUATICS. A Hurry Scurry Race in connection with tho Sydney Amateur Sailing Club was sailed on Saturday afternoon between tho following boats: — Irox, 22ft., scratch ; varuna, 22ft., Ellio, 22ft., each 2inin.; Aeolus, 24ft., Elsie, 2bft., - each 3min.; Vacunu, ,22ft., 4iniu.; Seabreeze, 24ft., Qiiiiu. ; Curlew, 22ft., Gniin.; Netta, 20ft., Lesbia, 23ft,, each 8mii),; Pomona, 20ft., 84111111.; Sophia, 10ft., 12min. The Cur lew held a slight lead to tho light ship, when the Varuna and Aeolus gradually roduced tho gap, and eventually Went to the front. Ircx, having a lurge mainsail on, fell astern, whilo the Eilie lost portion of her sail oil Point Piper. A good raco ensued home between tho Varuna und Aeolus, both passing the flagboat together. Nutta inado good progress during the boat from Shark Island, and by time allowance secures the first prize of £5, Aeolus, ulso by time allowance,, taking second prize, and Varuna third. The Port Jackson Sailing Club held a handicap race on Saturday afternoon over the usual Lightship Course, tho starters being : — Mantura, Isadoro, Craigaloo, Ghost, Our 'Loin, Scylla, and Wild Wavo. Only tho Mantura and Isadora cotuplotcd tho course und by timo allowance the latter takes the first prize, A boat named tho White Cloud capsised during the race, and the steamer following wont to render as sistance. One of tho crew was unahlo to swiin, and the commodore of ths club, Mr. G. Hellings, pluckily jumped overboard and ussisccd the uufortuuuto fellow on to tho steamer. . Tho sweepstakes race of £25 per boat between the yachts Volunteer (W. P. Sinairl), Miranda (J. H. Want), aiidTholma (J. 1'. Huare) took place on Saturday froin l'qrt Macquario, round the steamer Leveret oil Bird island, and back to Fort acquaiio. Shortly before the start tile Volunteer lonled the Hielma's triizzeu and carried away tho bumpkin. Volunteer assumed command shortly after the start, and increasing hor lead throughout won by 24min. .'Usee, from the Thqhmt. A protest has been entered by the skipper of the Thelma against the Volunteer for fouling prior to tho start. There was a very strong westerly blowing most of tho day, and towards dusk it voerea a trifle to tho soutli'ard, which put the Thelmnrmid Miranda further in tho rear. 