THEHAUNTEDGHA-MBERl OF CRA WBI1 RNr PRIORY. AIS ABERDEENSHIRE TALE. Bx IiYEl.ii Erskine, in the Weekly Times. ! In Central Aberdeenshire there Biands an old mansion, Crawburn Priory, the owner of which died not so long ago, and left it to an elder son. Both had one remarkable peculiarity attaching to them. While surround ing lairds took up the most part cf their time by living in Loudon during the Bummer, deerstalking, grouse Bhooting, and angling in their respec tive season, and by giving and accept ing invitations to balls during the "winter, Lord Crawburn and his son devoted the most of their leisure to scientific studies. His Lordship liad called into use one of the wings of the Priory as an observatory, from which, by the aid of a- powerful telescope, he could sweep the hea/ens on a clear, starlit night; and another wing he utilised as a laboratory, in which were collected all the latest inventions in the sciences of chemistry and of mechanics. Lord Crawburn was far in advance of the ' popular books on this and kindred subjects, and in close touch with the 1 first experts and savants in London, Paris, and Berlin. Much has of late been said as to the encouragement of original research, but long before that became a popular cry in philosophical ! Magazines, Lord Crawburn had spent j large sums in helping struggling men of science, working far from the madding crowd, and forcing from Mature her valuable secrets. But it is not my intention to give any details of the scientific side of the life of the Laird, of Crawburn and his son, but merely to relate a tale attach ing to Crawburn Priory, which has a close connection with the scientific pursuits of the laird and his heir apparent. The story, while partaking of some of the elements of a "fairy tale of science," is not wanting in the characteristics of a story of the Middle Ages. The only season of the year at j ■which Lord Crawburn allowed himself and his famiiv to indulge in what he sometimes called the frivolities of fashion was " the merry Tule time." At the date of our story (Christmas, 18—) the Earl had consented, at the instigation of his wife and daughters, to invite some guests to spend Christ mas at the Priory. Among those who accepted the laird's invitation were two young guests from the metropolis of Scotland, neither of whom was much addicted to the pursuits which gave zest to the life of the Lord of Crawburn Priory. Indeed, it is quite probable that had they been so they would never have been invited to that ancient and noble seat. For, as we have hinted, Lady Crawburn and her daughters, who were little given io studying the stars, Unless for love auguries, or tracing the route of electrical currents beyond xvhat might be supposed to pass be tween lovers when they shook hands or kissed each other, were responsible for the presence of Sir Ivan Dingwall, a distant relative of Sir William Ding wall of that Ilk, and the Hon. Medwyn Harwood, resident in Edinburgh, though a native of England, Ivan being in the army. The Christmas of our story was a specially stormy one, with high winds and drifting snow. The journey from Edinburgh to the Priory was a very unpleasant one, and the iwo young guests required the warm and cordial welcome of the mistress of the Priory and her daughters to thaw them on their arrival. But the greeting was cordial, and the ministrations of the ladies of the mansion soon made the guests forget the hardships which they had encountered 011 their way morth. Hosts and guests were soon seated round the hospitable table of Lord Crawburn, where " quips and cranks aud wanton wiles" were indulged in to heart's content both at and after supper. The Laird unbent for oncc, and so did his two sons, for the younger, a surgeon in the army, was also present on furlough. The elder Crawburn told his best ghost stories, and made his wife aud daughters once more shudder..at the legends attach ing to his ancestors and their mansion bouse. By mutual compact between the male and female members of the family there was to be no talking 011 the one side of the latest electric motor or the stai of the one-thou sandth magnitude lately discovered, Hor any gossip on the female side over the dresses seen at the Tarland ball or the newest addition to the peer age. The Earl, when he did relax over a bottle of sparkling Burgundy, was matchless in the country-side as a Btory-teller, and that night he gave bis two young guests the benefit o? bis store. Though he regarded the ordinary pursuits of his brother county magnates as frivolous an ! even as exasperating to the work'nc^ classe?, whom be never forgot wore the back bone of his country, yet his philosophy of life did not forbid him indulging in j a grim bumour which sometimes took ! the form of testing his hearer's views of the supernatural. .Prom the Earl's intimate acquaint ance with the laws of nature no man was less prone to superstition than he. and no one abler to trace ont and elucidate a so-called ghost storv. Had he chosen he could have set up in this country as a professor of magic, or the divining rod, or excelled in the Land of the Pharaohs in drawing on tranced crowds around him as a pro fessional story-teller, A nd that night Lord Crawburn gave rein to his humour. He io'd of the brownies who had come to his great-great grandfather and Threshed them corn And hied him awaj erethebreakof mora. He told of the water kelpie, who had come up from the river and struck the door three times with it rod in por tent of a past Lord Crawburn1 s early and sudden death. He related the story of the exorcising of the evil 1 spirit, who took the form ot a magpie, and cliattercd over the curtains of the bed in the haunted chamber, and would not go away until the dreamer beneath went to the moss, and found the body of the murdered traveller, Even the legend of the loathsome vampire, who came to the bedside to tell of his feats of blood-sucking in the grave which he liad desecrated was solemnly unfolded and duly em phasised. What could be the only result of this telling gruesome tales but the creation of an eerie feeling in the breasts af the two young guests aud the natural vaunt that they believed in none of these things, or, at least, were not afraid to meet auy one of them ? The young Baronet, more especially, protested his scepticism of the tales which had just been told, and, looking at the lion. Ida Crawburn, who sat by his side, declared that he never knew of the haunted chamber which had a terror for him, not even the haunted room of Crawburn Priory, separated from the present laboratory of the Priory by folding doors. Ivan vowed he would quite prefer to pass a night in the dreaded chamber, even though Lady Crawburn and her daughters urged him against the reck less resolve. But he would not be put oft" his determination, though he was warned that more than one guest lived to rue their temerity in sleeping in the chamber. As for the Laird himself, he was not averse to see what nerves his guest, so brave in words, possessed. He did not think that anything from i^e other world was likely to disturb Dingwall's rest, but could not be assured that the substantial supper, the good wine, and I the weird stories, together with some of the gruesome appurtenances of the laboratory, might not so work on the imagination of the Baronet as to cause him to ring the bell for the valet in case of urgency. If the truth must be told, he would not object to hear ing the inmates of the Priory aroused at the dead of night by tlie bragging young Baronet. It had been said by a certain moral philosopher that, no matter how strong a man's reasoning powers may be, lie will in certain circumstances place himself entirely in the power of his imagination, which, if at all strong, will play the most extraordinary can trips with his intelligence. Sir fvan was conducted to the room in which he was to pass the night, but before seeking his couch of re pose he sauntered round the room, auu took a look at what was in it. High above the table, on which were the apparatus of the laboratory, there stood a human skeleton, used for scientific purposes. There were several ancient pictures in the room, representative of the family for three or four centuries back. Behind a curtain at that time half drawn, there stood a marble statue of one of these ancestors, con cerning whom there might often have been heard mysterious whisperings in the servant's hall, an ancestor whose doings and end were not " canny." There were also rows of arms hung on the wall, ancient pistols, and crossed swords, all of which had been used on the field of battle, or in one or other of the many family feuds in which the house of Crawburn had at one time or other of its history been engaged. The whole apartment had an air of mystery about it, that sug gested more than could be seen. Be fore lying down the guest drew a curtain which had excited his curiosity. He had no sooner done so than he stepped hastily back. Before the curious and prying stranger there stood—it seemed to step forward to seize him—the figure of a cavalier, in full armour. He thought he saw upon the coat of mail the blood stains re ceived on the field of battle on which ihe warrior had been slain, and which the guest had heard, could not be rubbed out. At last, weary with his day's journey, and feeling eerie at all he had seen since he entered ihe haunted room, he threw himself on his bed, and tried to sleep. With eyes half closed, and himself half unconscious, he began to fancy the shapes about him were beginning to move about. Once or twice he wakened with a start, for he was sure he saw the mailed cavalier's bead peep from behind the curtain. He was sure he was wrong. He bad only to gaze steadly for a moment at the curtain to be convinced of this. And yet that faded portrait on the wall seemed to stare him steadily in the face as the moonlight fell upon it. He arose and walked around the room. The eyes of the portrait fol lowed him, as if the owner were bent on not letting him out of sight. Again he tried to sleep, but could not. He lay and watched the shadows of the large yew tree creep round the wall with the progress of the moon. There had been no attempt to screen the windows, aud the branches of the trees outside as they swayed in the wind cast their blia&ows; on the wall. Hark' That was a sound which was not the sighing of the wind among the tree branches. " It was the striking of branches on the window pane," Ivan thought. Another unaccountable sound! " Pshaw, it was but a cluster of red leaves lifted in a whirl against the glass," muttered the bold guest, as his teeth began to chatter a little. The moonlight, which, on Ivan's entry into the apartment, had flooded the walls, on which some of the pictures hung, and made bright many of the scientific appliances of the laboratory, including the skeleton, had almost gone. Outside the wind moan ed still more piteously than ever. It was a leaf rustling night—a night on which Bunger's dead horseman might well have come and claimed his bride and ridden off with her— Ho, Ho! T'te dead ride fast at night! Ivan could not sleep; he thought of the phantom horseman, and yet he was very weary. He could not choose but look upon the very objects which j were driving sleep from him. At this moment his attention was at- j tracted by a peculiar, light, a streak of j pa'e bluish, greenish light. As the j room grew darker by the sinking of the j moon there appeared a strange light, from which there seemed to arise sparks or scintillations. Could it be ! It must be so—on the place where there .stood the harmless skeleton of scientific use there now stood a gruesome skeleton figure, each of death's ribs a bar of bluish light! When Ivan was younger he would have covered his head with the blankets at a less gruesome sight than this. The death's head stood grinning before him, as if mocking his vaunted boldness! Ivan slightly trembled. He could have faced a regiment of his country's foes, but he could not away with this unearthly sight. He arose and seized an ancient spear which leant against the wail. What he would have done had his hand not been arrested would have deprived the Earl of Crawburn of his skeleton for evermore. .lust as Ivan had raised his arm to strike the phantom, a gleam of moon light fell upon the spectre, and lo! there stood the harmless frame of human bones. Ivan tried to laugh the matter ofl*. Account for it he could not. Laying down the rusty spear he made once more for his bed, which—tell it not in his regiment—lie did all the more quickly that he saw the curtian con cealing the ancient cavalier distinctly move. He was sure he saw half a mailed boot move out from beneath the eurtain! He did not go to learn the truth. At an earlier part of the night he would have done so. He once more lay down on his "un easy pallet," but not to sleep. He closed his eyes, but he could not have kept them closed to save his life. Turning his glance once more in the direction of the skeleton, he saw nothing but the prepared bones of the scientist. He closed his eyes but when he opened them the moonlight had gone, and there stood before grinning before him the shape of death outlined in blue light. Unable to bear this any longer, for his imagination conjured up a moving hand and a finger which pointed to the breast, as if to show a wound. " Enough, horrid phantom !" ex claimed Ivan, as he jumped once more from his bed and seized an old blunder buss from the wall. Pointing the ancient firearm at the grisly spectre, the lock snapped, but there was no explosion. There still stood Tvan's tormentor and it was now moving towards him!, Crash! bang! " There, lake that, and that!" slionted the excited guest, as he laid about him lustilv with the butt-end of the blunderbuss. In a few momeuts, and certainly in less time than it takes to describe them, the valuable skeleton of the Danish King, whose remains were found in a stone coffin on the Craw burn estate, lay in fragments on the floor. But not only so, for, once the attack had begun, Ivan in his ex citement laid round him right and left. ^ He not only laid the menacing Danish King's remains low on the floor, but with three or four sweeps of the formidable weapon, he cleared the table of a vast portion of the ! laboratory apparatus to the ground, j was that all, for he became so I beside himself that he drew the curtain i hiding the mailed ancestor of Lord Crawburn, against which he was full tilt with his lethal weapon, like Don Quixote at the windmill. At this crisis the door of the chamber opened, and in rushed the butler, seizing hold of the destroyer. The sight of the butler in his* breeches brought the iconoclast so far to his senses, and to complete his confusion the earl and his two sons entered, al! half clad. Explanations ensued. The earl j laughed heartily at the expense of his recently vaunting but now crestfallen guest. Ivan agreed that one of the sons of the house, the Hon. Farquhar Crawburn, should share the guest's bed in the haunted chamber for the rest of the night. At the breakfast table next morning the bold guest was duly rallied on his freedom from superstition and his superiority to the supernatural. But Ivan was a bit of a poet, " of j imagination all compact," and he good liumouredly allowed that he had not judged rightly the strength of his im- J agination. Besides this he was not even yet convinced that there was not something supernatural about the roonj. Or why the luminous skeleton ? Tliat mystery has still to be unfolded. A solution of tlie mystery was very j soon forthcoming. The two sons of j the earl, the scientist and the surgeon, j agreed to play a trick on the boasting : guest. They resolved to cover certain ; portions of theskeleton with phosphoric ; or luminous paint, tlie ribs of death and the grinning skull being thus shown in all their ghastly naked ness. The two rogues knew that when the moonlight fell on the . skeleton the phantom light would not be seen, and that when the moon was hidden and comparative ; darkness ensued the unearthly flame would light up the frame of bones, and give it the appearance of moving aud making overtures to cmbraee the { excited watcher. j The explanation being made, the | history of that strange niglvt became the matter of the ensuing evening's mirth. All that the reader need be further told is that the guest's adventure in the haunted chamber, in which there was such a curious mingling of modern science with mediaeval mystery and superstition, did not in any way inter fere with the main ertd of Sir Ivan Dingwall's visit to Crawburn Priory. In the estimation of the of the Hon. Ida Crawburn the young Baronet had not fallen in the least, and by the time the voice of the cuckoo was agiin heard in the land the ancient Priory was gay with marriage festivities, and the old grey pile had one guest fewer, for Sir Ivan's lordly castle in the south soon sheltered the daughter of " a hundred earls." 