Evicting: a Ghost: ? Almost every town or village haa its haunted ho'uee; and the settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number o! English officers and their families live, during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He "was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a straggling, writhing noiBe in the wall of the house-not in one place, but in several at oncc, and then he heard a long drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, voVing chat the place was haunted. The notoriety so aheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglerB reached the haunted house.' As there were & number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seat ing himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a fewmomentB up through the hole in the basket came the head of the aobra, and when twelve or fifteen inohes above the basket it' began to wave to and fro aB if in obedience to the measure of the music. , After, the snake dance-or the snake " charming," as Europeans are wont to call it-the Indian snake-oharmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole whioh might have been made by a rabbit'. - ? To one3 of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole the magician began hiB mournful plaint. ; For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments oarefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a moBt remarkable noiBe came from the house. First, there was a Bound as of esoaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rub bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came from the hole, and the " charmer " started baok in terror, overturn ing the man behind him. Recovering him self, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those oil many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of tbe tail, and Ave feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustaneefor the lookers-cn to stand baok, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inoh by inch, Ave, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet-eighteen, wns there no end? eighteen feet of quivering enake-flesh as large aB a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear-at least twenty feet in length-big nough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native waB, however, not in the least dis couraged. He clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the 6pokeB of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, but if the monster could reach him he would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon beaame apparent that the charmer knew what he was about, Not far from the house stood ft stout flag- staff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and tpward"thiB he was gradually moving, whirling tbe snake faster and faster. When be was within : twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he come, whirling faster ,and faster, until the Teptile stood out like a whip-lash, and then, with a quick step for ward, he brought the head of the animal . against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his bold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of duBtihto the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing.was^evident, that there was the,'' ghost." 