A n Q e e a n T r a g e d y . By W. CLAJRK BUSSELL. CHAPTER 'XX.X1I.—{continued.) CONCLUSION- • At last, one morning we found ourselves in the English; Channel, bowling over the greeii ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind,. and Within fifty, hours; of. making the Lizard Light; the brave little barque Star. of Pence was being warped to her berth in the East India Docks. Down to thatverymoment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Mom-oil had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of ivhat she. intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed : '' Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort ou to a hotel." " Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta?" . 'Bister asked. "No, I choose tobe independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedy when she arrived m London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura; I have not yet decidod on any stepB. In all probability I shall return to Melbourne, but. not »t present." She extendod her hand coldly to her lister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, Liufc her pride was, stung; disgust and amazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Slonson. •ras as she passed along the quay towards '.he dockyard gates.: As -she paced forward, stately, slow, her carriage queenly Mid ensv as though, sumptuously oiot-hed, ••nd in the full pride of her beauty: she •.rod the floor of a hall-room, the scores of riulors, labourers, loafers who thronged i.lie decks turned to a man to stare after lor. A strange and stoking. figure indeed 6he made, habited m the dress which sho wore when the Shark foundered, Hid which, as you may' suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree qualified the oiitlaiidiSh appearance of the Bailor's grass hat upon her head. " So ! " said I as she "disappeared, " and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We bade a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and bis mates, and to Finn and Outbill, both of whom promised to. call upon me. I had . the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that nest day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we ltad put the.ship; to. i further took the addresses of the captani and his mates that -I might, send them some token of liiy gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. .-..•.-;-" A few hours later I had comfortably , lodged : Laura in a snug private . hotel within, an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took possession of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited mrae by fche familiar rooms, and by the feeling that I was onoe more m London; with: no more runaway wives- to chase, no more Dutchmen -to .fire mto, 110 more duels to assist m, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep.in,..that I felt like .a man :just" awakened from some wild and; vivid, dream whose impressions : continue so ':•; acute thattho:fainiliar:objeets his, eyes C open upon, seem as phaiitasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a mUliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her -..immediatercquiranents j.my iiextto address a letter toWllfricVssohc)tor£,,nnvliich.Iaequamted them with the,loss.of the Bride and-.the death of my cousm. - Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know- I asked after his jinfant, :Hand requested thom to tell me if the child was. still with the ladj- with whom my cousin' . had placed it hefoi'eileavMg England. i je^dedifchat^shSuld'Sbo^lfffflfed'toiBOBl^ine of the partners and relate the full -story-of; the -voyage, tliexibject of which I could not. doubt Wilfridliad informed theniof before (ailing. I spent tlio evening with Laura. All 1 , our .talk-was about -Avhat ;she avns ?to' do.' until she; had Jieard- fi'om her father, :to wdiom she told me -she Jiai WTitten a longf. .lettermtlun:anfhour-after her arrival, at - : theliotel;' so asto lose no time;:.Gharles. " S 1 " 1 1- "d'— ii- E-g'aiid -ca— an icqu imtance for the matter of th t with hom as ho to bve then 1 E\ en h d Lad^ Monaon ettleddowpa m a house Bhe as not-a per on \ ith whom I could hai e de red tl e lrl It as afhanced to to be long and int mately soc ated The notion, of Jierreti nun" to Au faalia lone v s not to be enteitained Alieic seemed notion"? then for at but foi jiie to overhaul the li t of mj connections torn he experi ments in. the direction of relations -and ende ^ out to find homeJtorlier -with one or nother of them until there'" Tiould some d j irm, mail •from Ail tralia givmgjne Je \ e to t ko her to my tLcavt Well it was nextfinormn<rtliat"l h d finishedjbre kfastMid 'w'^'ittuigjKiusing over'ajfire -jvith^a|n^si»pe Mj mud % "full offtho ]asf j « member looking &raun;|l hne^lmost»in f lulouslj. w ^ ~ posture as he sank his head upon the table : battling,'with^hissobbingbreath. ''•;', I was disturbed by a- smart knook on tlie door. ' "Come in." The.landlord entered: a thin, iioii-grey, soft-voiced mail; who had for inaiiy yoais been butier in an earl's family, and who had retired, and started a lodging-house on discovers ing that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. ;•'There's a pei-son below named Muffin would like to see you, sir.'" • I.stared at linn-as if he were mad. ; ''MufSn;!'' I whisiiered.; "That was the iiiime ho gave, sir," he exclaimed, astonished by my amazement.! " Muflin ! " I repeated, scarcc crediting my hearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork^" " A clean, yellow-faood man, sir,, hair, of a coal-blacknoBS, looks down . when ho: speaks, sir,."seems, a bit shaky in the. ankles ; a gentleman's servant, 1 should •say, sir." .. 1 ' Show him- up, l\lr. 1 Cork ! " I ex-. claimed, doubting the description as I. had the name, so impossible did it seem that this .person could be Wilfrid's valet. In' a.few; moments the .door was opened;., and in stepped Muffin /—the • Muflbi . of the Bride. Muflin the veniriloquist, Muffin the whipped and- ducked, and, as I could have solemnly sworn,. Muffin the droimcd / • He stood before me with the.' old familiar crook. of .tlie left knee, holding his hat with both hands .against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted; into their familiar grin of obsequious 1 apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrous as the • baolc of a rook ; lie wore large loose black kid-gloves, and ..he was attirod in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing 111 the way of shocks severer for the moment that, tells moire startingly^ .up.on ; : .the whole nervous system than tlie meeting-with'-a man whom one has for months and months believed dead. 1 was unable to spealc for a few'moments. shranlc back in my chair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him Whilst , he stood looking downwards,, smiling and suggesting 111 his attitude respectful : regret for taking the liberty of intruding. " Well," said I; fetching a deep breath, ''and so . you are Muffin indeed, eh 1 Well, well. Why, mail, I could have :sworn we .left you ^a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." " So I suppose, sir I " he exclaimed, "but I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." 1 motioned him to sit; he put his hat under the chair," crossed Ills legs, and- .clasped his' haiids oyer' his vkneei- A sudden reaction of ~ feeling,: supplemented by his strange appearance, produoed a fit of laughter m ine. The image of his radisli-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen^ with Out-: bill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. ..'' You. seem resolved that I shall beliove in ghosts, Muflin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn: thatl was saved from the wreck, that ] lwd returned to England, was hole in • these lodgings in short,_ where I only arrived yesterday ? " " Sir Wilfrid received a lotter from his solicitors tlriG niornitig, sir, enclosing yourletter to them.'' • ^ - V "Sir Ayilfrid!" I shouted, is he alive?" "Oh yes; sir, and very much better both in borly and mind, I'm 'appy to say,. sir. He would have called upon you himself, siz,.'b.vib:;lib'jB .Jau' abtsvck-- of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bod for two days."•...-•":"; \- I jumped from, iny chair and fell to ; pac'iiigjtlie tO.oiii; to;:^plfcbff : -by.:lSd6inpti^ something of tlie amazement that threatenod.to addle my brains. " Wilfrid alive 1" I muttered. "AVhat will Laui-a say to all this ? Muffin," 1 -cried, rounding upon him, "what you are tolling me. is a inii'acle 1 a. thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the j'acht go : to pieces ! nearly .the whole mass of her iti fragments'came or five dead bodies.; How .-in: heaven's 1 name did Sir Wilfrid escape ? " • He . responded •-.by rtelhng. i.-me . the:: stoiy . .-Joluisoii^.tlie.inanvwliohaddiQd-upon^he island-, was perfectly right .in saying .that, -hoibelievedtainuinber !of--men hadirushod to ontf of the boats shtfrtly' after tlie^ yachfi; h ad=istzMjckj . iv^ettiember;. being.feUed'by a gang of peoplevflyni^iaft in the blackness. : Muflin was one of tlieni. The white water over tho side,;en-.v allied tlieni to see what tliey .wore about;- Tliehoat,a:3ioble,Etructure;ofalifebGat.s quahty . of i-ibuoyancy, : .: : was •-succssBfullyloweied, seven men got into her, one of whom was Miifim. The yacht was then faBt breakuig iup. .. .i.The- men,: r to - escape: beirg p-ui ''cd to r oce by the battei-ing r ms of the wieclcnge liuiled ou every cuil of e lieaded out from the lsl nd str miii» tliLji heaits t the o rs but they weie ga n and, gain beaten back. There weiehutfhe o rs andMnffin nd one of tlie seamen 1 \n g notlung to Ho 1 t erouclmig 111 the stern 1 eets Sud . donlj figure showed clo 0 alongside; ctixng loudl lor aielp MuSm grasped? him by the an of his head the 1 other fellow 1 ic 1 ^ li nd but \ cen he 11 tl m di pCtd the j 1 111 11 i a 11 [st^fflfpffistoMefeflbnc^^hi „ ei w when the dawn broke"ll eyweieamle /.out of,sight,ofethe-TOck:- -A Jday^and^ayughti old d ci 11 1 lloi cl tl L\ 1 ulh c out iood"% m^tei ^ nd "then outlook-w 4 101 ible~tbi t at 5 ! unrise on. -fihetthird davl 1 1 Jt -l IS Jlufllllj ngland^He jiddea^fiiiMn if r- entirely lost the craze that- had possessed, ihim concenimg his bulk and stature. The yacht on gomg to pieces had liberated hill), and with his sudden and; startling enlargement his mad faiicy entirely passed away. So that jioor old Jacob: Camp came very near the truth when he had suggested to lue that :my : cousin's senses: nuglit be recovered by a groat fright. l v' Muffin asked me the names of the ; others wlio -lvere saved. I told him who. ,; they were. " And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir?"' said lie - " 3>To,^ I iejilaod . : ,33ut.'.the rogue-gave me a- look that' 1 clearly signified he was. very sorry indeed.: An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing . Cross:: 1 - I will- Bay nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The. tears were 111 my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rafional, had a more sensible look in his face than I liad ever witnessed 111 it; and his memory was as clear as my own. It seemed to ine that, the shook of sliipwreck had worked wonders in him, though; to be suro, strong-; traces of congenital weakness: wore still visible in the, qmvoimg eyelids, the occasional irrelevant .loud laugh, the boyish oagemeas of : mtmner, with: now and again tlie passing shadow of a : darkeiimg humour. For a.; long time wo seemed able to talk of nothmg but the meek of the'Si-ijfe and of our several experiences. I very delicately and vaguely referred to the delusion that had imprisoned him m his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised 111c that he had no reoolleetion whatever of his" cra/e, and it was like a warning to me to. iristantly quit the subject, v - He told : 1110 that Mufhn had behaved with a touch-, ing devotion to hini whilst they were , in the . boat, pillowing his head :.' when he slept, cooling-his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind hiln with Ins jacket outstretched to the nature of a little .awning. H-e asked tenderly after Laura, and made: many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn; should he visit me, to call npon liim: that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost ^ by the foundering of the yacht " You : do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said 1, a little nervously. "Oh, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly; then, after a pause; lie added, " Where is she ?" ." She refused :to accompany lier-sister," said I; "she loves mdependence. Slie has gone alone to such and Buch a hoteij where, I presume; slie is still to befoimd." His faoe flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered- He bent his eyes, downwards; and said, as H:tohiinEelf;;''Yes,; slieisof^those'who return to tlieir bonnet." . : \- " Wlint are your plans ? " said I. • " As -regards -Lady Monson,. doijou. "mean"!" ~ r ~ " Well, she is still your wife, and ivhat concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." "1 shall not meddle with her," said he makmg a horrible grimace to an rnvolun-; tary tn ilcli of lus gouty foot; " she can do what she pleases." -•••• " She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her g»," said he. - \- And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her I Had I10 but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would- have grown, strong in' him. He would have been guiltless of slieddmg tlie blood of a fellow-creature—he would have preserved- his; noble yach t-^-bu t th en', to be sure, I should .probably never havemet Laura! -,... His eye was upon me while l mused a little in silence. " ."--.':';. "My solicitors adviBe proceedings 111 the Divorce Couit," said lie, " but I say. no. I certauily should never try my hand at niarriage again, and therefore a divorce, would serve 110 end of my own. But it might answer her. purpose very well indeed ; it would free her, and I do not' intend that she shall 1 have her liberty." ) 1 " You will have to maintain her." " Oh, my solicitors will see -to. that," he answered -\vitli :a curious smile. : . "Wilf," said I, " she may fall very; low.,, and : then, when nobody :else will have anything more to. dowith. her, :she> Will .return to you. as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your pesce^aud good name " " 1 aan not going to free her," said I10 snappishly. ^•:i'-.;'• y.K^ifir "Do you mean to make any skiy in London ?" said T. - ; -.. " .;. "I aui waitmg till tilie gout leaves me," he <inswered, ^Vand: shall thenT go abroad; ^ . I haveybeen: recommended to-do so; It is pietty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope- Kennedy's friends that I shot, linn 111 a duel. • He.was 'a widower , aiid child- 7 less, hut he lias a sister, a Lady Guthrie, wlio:adoredtheground : ho:trodon;-and thoughthimthe:-noblest;-:creature;-m'ithe. unn'erse::'.My:sGhoitors:advi6e-men :-\vait:^mtilIam.charged-vraththe- fellow-'s ! death, and so l am gomg abroad;"- :•A1 " Humph," said I; " and how am I to f be dealt with, as an -accessory ?" w "Pooh'" he_exclaimed, "one never hearsof seconds "being charged-" , ;-: '' You will take baby with you, I u piesume ?" , .Heanswered.no.DuringhisabsencQ: a cousm of his had lost her husband. a colonel in, India. She liad arrived in Eng]and:-rathtwo;groivii- up:daugliterSj and was so poor that she had asked 1 Wilfiid to "help hei He had arranged tlmtshe;and-the'igMs:-should;oecupyf'his ohild "Ills 111 fact £ad been settled, anol] Mi Conway and her d vghters were jiqw : inst lied at jahorburne-Abbey On hear); ing this it instantly Buggestedjit elf to ine* that Mis Conway would,provide Laura' w th the TeiyJiWe tliat^he jneededlmtil; aoyed^tfuff agister "Fahdfhislittleto^ ^ 'Avould be^dcfubl jftT'ided^M handwTitmg to be Iiady Monson's. .I forjvarded it to Laura, who returned it to me;, It was a cold intimatnon-of' her 1 ladyship's nitention :to -sail m such and such a vessel to Melbowme 011 the Monday following, so that when I road the missive slie had been four. days on her way. Jor my part'I: was heartily. ;glad-:toiknowithat'; she was out of England Soon, after my-:amval;I- .sent a description of the: volcanicisland and the palleon 011 top' of it to a naval publication of the period. „It waswidoly repnnted^ajid ex:-^ cited much .attention aiid - broughfc mo: many letteis But for that -article I hslied m a West Indian journal, I tlunk it was about five montlis after ; my return to this country that 1 received a letter from, the master of a vessel dated at the Havnnnas and addressed'to me: at. 1 the: ofiice of the -journal inwhich my:narrative:had::been .published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock : about three weeks after we had got away .from it in the Star of Peace, hauled 111 close to have a good look at an unohartorod spot; that was full of the deadliest menace to: vessels, and observed signals ibemg madeto him from what he was afterwards mi formed was. the hull of a fosBilised ship. Ho sent a boat and brought off two men, ivho, it.is aeedlfias to. say; were Bowling and Head. -Thoy very fran]4y related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of tlie scliooneryacht Bride, aud how tliey had declined to leave the island because of their expectation o^ meetmg with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and'shells. Day after day they had toiled in-her, but to nopurpose. Tliey broke-nito the piles of -shelis,'.^ but found.npthing savb rbttemM within, remains of wlmt, might have been : cai-go, but of- a .character-utterly iiidistiuguishahle.- There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They wore received on hoard and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the :Havannas.-' There can be' little doubt that shortly aft& this the volcanic rock subsided and. vamshed:off the Burfaee of- the sea, after: the usual manner pf theBe-desperate crffations. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed.the part of tlie ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful coin-' parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly: after Dowlmg and Head- had been taken ofl it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha Bobmson showed that three days later she ;had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea.. ;;•'•. .: : My tune of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove: so long as i had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I :recerved a letter from my -darhng from the Abbey, nor father had arrived 011 ^.lje^r-eeedanis believe her ears when a servant came to tell lier that Mr. Jennings had oalled and was waiting to see her. Of . course lie had not received.her lotter. He had taken it into his head to visit England; both lusdaughters: being . there; mamly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned; • He was almost broken-' hearted; so Laura wrote, when she told linn about Lady Monson. However, he was m England, and after waiting a few: days so as -to give hun tmie to recover the dreadful shock . caused him Jby the : news of -liis daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to tlie. old gentleman, and found him a bluffy hearty, plamrspokon man. - He told-me he. could settle twenty, thousand pounds upon his ohild; and seemed • very well satisfied to hear, that I was not without a: pretty littlehncome of my own. He approached the subiecfc of insanity withi'abluutness that somewhat, disconcerted-me.- I assured him that: so: far. as I could possibly imagine I was 'not 1 mad, that my: cousin's. crazmess' came 'from - a soui-ce: which did not concern me m -tlie -least. degreei - - He was pleased afterwards to tell. Laurav that he vcould see fby my eye r tliat my mtellect was as sound : as asbell j an observation upon winch I thought ! had some right to jcomplimeiit. myself;: for to be suspected of bemg " wanting " is often' to mvoluntarily and; unconsciously: look so, and 1 must say that whilst Mr. Jjennmgsivand v l talked about jWilfi-KVs-: cniamess and where rit canie from; he. reT: giii-ded me witli a keermess tliats was at times not a little embarrassing. •• j^ . Laura and 1 had bean married two years whon wo lieaid of Lady Monson Mr ; Jennnigs • had leturned to Austeaha, ~but. fi:oni:Jiim;hofnever .mentioned.Henrietta's; name Then came a missive m deep mouming. .-3aady-rMonaon was dead. .. Slie had:beenrecei.ved : !into:the : Boman-.Gatholic Ghurch;:;sovvrotethe.father-inaletter whose.ev.ery-Gentence-seemedasthough: ihewiofcomfch. a >pen-^ She had,-:apparently:,.givenup:.allthoughtS' of tins world andL devoted her days aud nights to ministering: to the poor. One .day she retumed-toiher: home:io6:kmg.ali ; ;<i tivoniights.luter ;she-was- dehrious.:':She^ iianAmarehedwith^Btatelyistepjismgingi-^ liei nch oontralto VQtce as she went to afi upperrchambari.-thatehad^ bedvoom;,where; ,plantmg^hei«elfrbofore,ft mm-or-sliefall-tobruiniing-hera'Ioh-and. .beautiful-hair;-:smgmg?aUithS. while.tiU.-on:- a sudden die iell -with" a shriek to the groundj.was.icariiediback'to.hersbedjahd' two hours'-later lay a corpse. Till, LhD, &M; IN .STAFFED' MUPFItv 