A MARCH IN THE RANKS. TALL BIGHTS BKSJiUVKII.l CIIAPTEB XLVIXl.— fcontinwhua BY JESSIE FOTIIEB.GILL, Author of " Tho First Violin," " IToalcy," 4 Kith nud Kin," 4t From Moor Isles," Ac., fcc. One thing wan clear to her. The instant that Peregrine awoke from his state of acquiescence in her urranKcmc" uud seriously disputed her right to manage for him, her authority col lapsed. Ill or well, had or good, moral or im- moral, he was ins own master and the master of his fortune and estate. He was in his sane mind, and unless she could influence him by Mtperior moral force or shear aiiengtli of will she could not influence him at sill. It Bccnied he had east oil' her moral influence, and his will wan as strong as her?. .She might as well give up the attempt to guide him. 44 1 am nothing," she said to herself, Inter in the afternoon, when she had eaten her solitary lunch and was alone again. She knew not what Peregrine did with himself during the rest of the day. She herself spent some bitter hours, not knowing where to turn or what to do or what was going to happen. She could only be sileut aud wait, which suited her spirit not at all. She had yesterday had her interview with Nelly, but had not extracted much from tier. It was, however, true, as Godfrey had prognos-' ticated it would be, that Nelly, ou finding rdm was herself lo be consulted as to tho dis position of her own affairs, had brightened up wonderfully and had spok«su with more reason, more dignity lena triviality and scllishitcJH than Aluoti had ever known her to display, They had come to no dofinue conclusion, except that Nelly was to think things over and let Ali/.on know the result of her deliberations, hdio had looked quite pleased at the prospect and was evidently not in any hurry, but gratilied to feel that there was something in her power in the arrangement of her own life. This happier frame of mind had b'jen brought about, though, as Ali/.on reflected, not. by her own wine de vices but by thu advice o: a comparative stranger, who had looked at the situation with sympathy and insight and ,Und seen the natural and not the artificial way of dealing with it. film felt that her friends were dwindling. Giles would soon cease to he more than a kindly, genial nuicno-.r. Lett?, she knew-, mistrusted and disliked her. '-'he had herself that morning said words to Hilda which would Bundar them for ever. What woman with tho faintest trace of pride or self-esteem, not to speak of one so very proud as Hilda, would bear, after forcing l»oi>elr to the agony of such a confession Ufa she had made, to be told that her conduct had bceu despicable aud would then forgive ? 44 Forgive 1" Almon exclaimed to herself. "The idea! What have I to do with a false hearted woman who has betrayed tuc ?" At llioflamo lime, she had a lurking knowledge that had she not been, as Peregrine bad said, "Bicel" in her dealings with Hilda they might have been more united now than before, instead of divided for ever. "Bali ! as if I wished to have any union with her," nhc muttered. And Godfrey I He was true, at any rate. Not for ono moment did she think of him ay other than perfectly innocent iu this matter. Aud shu had got lo look upon him as very much her friend indeed. But though he was true nud though he was forbearing and generous, as she knew, he would certainly not be human if be did not take lii.s sister's side now. Things could never bu tho same between them again. 4' Weil, they will have to be different. 1 can do without even hiin," shu said, doggedly. ,l I suppose when ono elects to light iics and treachery cue must expect to be left a good deal alone since they sceui to be so prevalent amougst tho best kind of people !" At night she went upstairs early because sb« could not bear to remain any longer alone in the empty, desolate rooms thinking of Peregrine and Hilda and Godfrey. It was hot nnd sultry and when she got. lo her own room she partially undressed, put on a loose wrapper, and having rcl her window wide open she lighted her lamp, put it on a little table near (lie window, aud taking two or three of her favorite books sat down, saying to herself, 14 Now, I will read ; I don't feel Hlucpy," But tho books, which she had studied so ofleu —divers as tiiey were — her Marcus Aurelius, her Imitation of Christ, her Yauvenargues, aud others — now brought accusation instead of com fort, She fought against it, but it was there. Theso wonderful thoughts of wonderful men merely echoed the words which her scapegrace brother had brought against her — they also, as well as he, said, " What is the use of loviug truth and justice, honor, honesty and rightdoiug : in the abstract— nay, oven of practising thera in your own life, if you will never allow less than perfection in others— will never under stand that what to yon mlty be merely incen tives to right-doing, to them may bo stumbling blocks almost impossible to surmount. "Tho greatest of these is lore." That also stared her iu the face, and she had always been under the impression that she understood it aud bad had a dim idea that people who did things they excessively disliked,- for tho sako of others aud not for themselves, practised the mcauing of it. "And I do know the meaning of it," she reiterated obstinately to herself. "Forgivoncss iB very well, but not always. There is a point beyond which it may degenerate into weak, drivelling sentimeutality. That is not my way. If I had not cared for bcr co much and been so I completely confident of her truth aud honor, I Bhoulu never have felt ouo of these doubts. One cannot wrench out all one's preconceived notions iu a moment. I know I am right." She shut up the book ana resolved not to listen to these feeble suggestions of weakness and then wished nlic diu not feel bo wretched. She sat idly m her chair, with the lamp behind her, aud looked out into the darkness of the night ; and listcued to the stilluess which was almost ! audible. A long time pnased in this kind of vigil,. Sho felt very wakeful — her brain very active, rest or repose far from her. 'To her splendid health und unshakable nerves the loss of a night's Eleep made vory little difference. Sho had no thought of going to bod aud had not even begun to wonder if it were vory late, when sho was surprised by a knock at her door and stud, Cumo in 1" It was Fercgrine'3 valet. When she saw him Bhe started up, lior whole being one wild alarm; everything that had happened iu the last forty- eight hours swept for the time being out of her consciousness in tbo duuger — for danger it was, as she knew. "Air. Bluudeil is very ill, ma'am. I have tried ah the usual yemodieB, but they have no effect. I have uover soon him so bud." CHAPTER XLIX.— I Wim. BR DIRECTED. 'Before ho had finished speaking she had darted no in the room, along the corridor, down tho stairs to whore Peregrine's rooms were, Bhe was by his bedside, facing the sito that had moro horror for her than any other iu the world. At a siugle glance she saw that ho was. as Wilson had sad, vory ill indeed; more ill than lie had been even on that night when Godfrey had been first summoned to him. 41 If he should die, audi could not tell him Unit I atu sorry— or beforo ho could say, "I forgive you!"' This wus the wild fear that knocked importunately at her heart aud filled tier consciousness, while with outward nulf- pofaje.-ofion, and without au itutant's loss of time, she turned to thu man, saying I' Go this moment to Little Uudermoor and briug Dr. Noble here. Don't lose a second. I will stay here. Them's nothing to be done till the doctor come?." it seemed au eternity before Wilson returned, accompanied by Godfrey. It had been a Rule tome than 10 minutes. Godfrey knew there must have been Home thing very wrong between her and Porogriuo when she, not heeding the pruueiieo of thu servant, sprang to his wide, seized his arm us if in a vieu ami whispered (uot forgetting, even now, to prevent Peregrine from knowing all her ! alarm) — "Get him out of it quickly, lie inunt not j the this lime; not yell I ;wu, sure you can do ir." 44 Let us sou what can he done," said Godfrey, putting her gently aside, and going up to his patient. It was a hand- to-band atrngglo with death in which iha.v wore now engaged, for tho spasm was a terrible one, ami al tirwf. no remedies took any elV«et, tin application could warm the dealh-liko coldness which hud him iu iu icy grasp. Each shuddering, agonised hreatii seemed an if it would be the last; so that; Alizon herself felt as if her last hour hail come, iu the inurnsity of hor lunging to wrench some of that .suffering away from its victim, and her passionate feeling that she could hear it so much better Lhau he could. Suspense and fear had conquered even her. She beckoned thu servant to take her place, cast herself iuto an easy chair where Peregrine could not see her and covering her face with her bauds, waited. 44 Tell iou when ihuro is anything different," Rlie said briefly to Godfrey and he knew the unspoken meaning that lay behind her words. At last she heard his voice. 44 You can comonow, Alisa Blundell. lie will come out of this." in a second she wau al his side again and though at thu lu.it glance he looked just the i«aim», yet. directly she raw that Godfrey was right. A ehunpu was creeping 0vi?r his face, tho color of life was gradually returning to ids lips, and at last he gave them a look which hud in iL something that was not Merely agony and nothing e'ns. 4i Peregrine I " she said, haroly able to articu late the word, ami bending over him. He looked at her without speaking for a moment; then, turning to Godfrey, and said, 44 That was a bad one, wasn't it ' " tk Fruity wt-il," nnid Godfrey, nodding. 41 You are butter now." His eyes hud never Ic-Jtsight ol Alizon, though 1m was speaking lo Peregrine nnd apparently looking at him. 44 Here !" lm laid to the rurvanl suddenly, hut without haste. 14 You may here u minute. I'm nome more of this stuff on to the handkerchief and give it. to him. 44 1 '11 come back," kc added lo Peregrine, and then, taking Alizon by the arm hu led her into the nuxl room, Peregrine's smok- I ins room, filled with his things, smelling 'of tobacco and Russia leather. The blind was up. The chill morning light was in the room, gray and ungeniai. Outside, tbo trees stood motion less in a soft white mist. 4 Oh," she gasped, 44 1 though he would never conic hack here any more." Who sank down upon the divan against tho wall, and for the lirnt and last time iu her life lost consciousness and fainted away. It was, however, only for a moment or two. When she awoke again with a sign, Godlrcy was still standing by her. 44 Now you arc better. Drink this water and come to his room again as soon at you feel fit, not before. He will be very weak after this, and hu must he kept clear of anything iu tho least agitating." 11 Yc<," said sho, and Godfrey wont back, leaving her alone. When, after a very short time, she rejoined them in the. bedroom, he was surprised, wull though he know her strength, to see how completely sho had recovered her cora- pofaure. Peregrine was now free from pain, though lie looked more dead than alite. AYbcn ho saw her cuine in ho did not speak and she merely Haul, gently, 44 You are hotter now ?" 44 Ye?, thank you. Pre given a lot of trou ble." lie turned lo Godfrey. Tiiu latter, as soon :m possible, scut Ali/.on away, and leaving full direotiouH with the man, and with a promise to come again during the forenoon he went away himself. Ali/.on, on getting to her own room again, found it was lulfq».ist five nnd that she had what Bbe had scarcely ever before suspected she possessed — nerves, nud that they were un strung. She adopted her own plan of dealing with this contingency ; plunged iuto a cold bath, drc-sed, and, putting on her hat, let t the house and garden, ami struck out over the moor, in a lou'fi.r, little-frequented diieetion. Here, alone in thu profound stillness and cri«p frchncse of the autunni morning, she climbed quickly upwards, Feeing the warmth of day gradually appear, and despite the soft mists which had hung over everything when phn set out. When she had gone as far and as high as she wished to, she came to a pause, and looked about her. Brown heather and yellow bracken waved in a .sea of beamy over the tint table-land ou which she stood and rose about, her feet. Below, the valley lay spread like a map : the white roads, the uay river, thu fiehu green und brown, the wooua with their autumn nosegays of color. Th»iiu was her bugbear, Moomdo, on the hill side. There wan ihe thick wood which sur rounded her own home and the small house belonging to ii. tine could see the chimneys and part of tho bulk of both and she looked down at them long nnd« sorrowlully. Could she, perhaps, from this physical distance get any clearer view of the moral situation ? Be that as it might, she made a vow and swore an oath in her heart, as she shu stood there, and ufl'-r turning her f.Yefa southwards iu the direction into which JLikla had yesterday journeyed, her gaze ouce more turned to the two Undcrmoors. 4k I will take what conies. I will do nothing, sav nothing, .suggest nothing. It is outside my province. 1 will be directed." CHAPTER L. — Trrn DECISION. For days after his terrible attack of illuess, Peregrine remained weak aud ill iu tho cx- tieme. Gouirey, who visited htm every dav? absolutely forbade his getting up, nor iridoeu was he able to do so, but spent most of his time lying on his back, afraid to try even a change of position lest the terrible thing should seize hold of him again. Dining that first day Ali/.on did not see him at all until until evening. Godfrey had come again about 11 o'clock, aud had onjoiued silence, quiet ar.d almost aoHuide ; ho ordered tii.it t iio invalid should r-cc no cue but his ser vant, who was u- skilful nurse. Alizon was forced to endure this as best shu cculd. She did not see Godfrey either. She knew he was iu the house, and the unprecedented occurrcuco took place that she felt herself wanting in the courage to intercept", liiiu ou his way out, cither to ask him about Peregrine's Ft ate or to hold any conversation with him ou her own account. lie did uot ask to ceo her, she found. fthe received Wilson's report of his visit and bis orders, aud made uo comment upon it, but this little incident — Godfrey' taking his departure from the house without scekiug any interview with her — Rank deep into her heart, and showed hor perhaps more titan anythiug e'Ke could have done the depth of the gulf which she bad made between herself and him and his. Her mood of the morning was still upon hor. Her solemn promise to herself, "I will be directed," had been wrung from her by the deepest feeling, the strongest convictions she could experience, bhe was quite clear iu her own mind what she meant by this promise ; it would be the hardest ouc to keep that she could possibly, have made and littlo time elapsed before she was put to tho test. It came ac oucc in this painful experience of Godfrey's aloofness and the banishment from her brother's room, which, though it might bo desirable onough, would uot, slie felt sure, have been ordered by God frey if he had not guessed or been told tnat her prescnco would vex aud agitate Pcregriue. The day passed drearily enough. She kuew thut Godfrey .paid a second visit to Jna patient during tho day, aud ngnin sho did not sec him. Late in the oveiiing Wilson caino to her with a message from Peregrine, that if sho had time he would be glad to see her for a few uiuutes. Sho went upstairs, feeliug most sad, mosi uncertain and low spirited. It was with a kind of terror that she re-entered tho room in which had passed all the suffering and struggle of the early morning, boftly she entered aud as softly went up to his bedside and looked at hiui, placing hor hand timidly upou ouo of his which lay motionless on the quilt. Ho looked as white as a., sheeted ghost; tho slightly arched lino of his Hub black eye brows,' the cloud of silky dark hair, and tho exhausted dark' eyes1 formed a marked contrast to this pallor. His faca despite. its. hollow look, was, so far as liue and coutour went, a beautiful face and always would bu. Alizon at this womeut felt it to tho depths of her heurt, as sho lttokod earnestly ut him aud, in hor new-born compunction and self- distrust, realised thoroughly that to other woineu, who were not his sisters, monitors and oppressive guardians, its beauty and tho charm which ho could exorcise when bo so pleased might be dangerous in their fasciuatiou. Dimly aud suddenly it was borue in upon her what influence ho iuight wield over au emotional, susceptible, highly-strung nature. ,4Liko Hilda's "—forced itself into her miud. Had ho not always,' )vben he had chosen to charm and persuade eveu lier, with her eyes open to all his faults aud all his follies, succeeded iu beguiling her into iudulgeuco of his crotchots, counivnuco at many a proceeding of which abo disapproved. And was it likely to be loss so with others, who saw ull tho charm and less of tho hard reality behind It than sha did? u You wanted to sue me, Peregrine," sho said, very softly. He mado uo return of tho touch of her hand— always before, after ono of theso terrible iUuossos, ho had readily tukcu her hand and held it for a time, if no other sign of feeling had passed betuccu tbeiu. But there was uo rcsponso now, and, fearing to nunoy him, she removed her owu from his aud looked at him. ' 44 1 uent for you," ho replied, in such a weak, extinguished voice as sho had never yet heard from him ; but from the expression which sud- dculy crossed his face and camo iuto his eyes she knew ho had no kindly words to say to her. She dared uol speak first, but waited bo hear what hu had to say. 4 i t wasn't that I particularly wanted to aco you," ho conliuucd, "Servants are always jabbcriug. You liavo always been with me before and I thought they might think it queer if I didn't see you now. So I asked you to conic.; that was all. Noble says I mayn't get up for over so many days, but thut I shall get over this." "Yes, IamBurehowili toll you only what is right." 44 It's late, isn't it ? liavo you hud dinner ?" "Yes. It is noarly 10." 44 Nobis is coming to seo mo again to-morrow, lie told sue to see uo ono to-day, so I suppose I had better bo quiet now. I'm awfully tired when it conies to trying to talk." 44 "Very wull. I'm euro you had best bo quite still and say nothing. I won't stay; X am ghut I have seen you. Good night." 44 Good night," said Peregrine, with a Blight, almost imperceptible' smile. Ouco moro she touched his hand with hers. Ouco more no rcfapousive movement came from his, Shu turned nud went away, sent Wilson back to him and went into her own room, whore, after standing still for u moment, sho burst iuto u passion of tears— wild, terrible, uncontrollable tears and weeping. Shu was a woman who might bo said to 44 never cry," and tho storm left hor feeliug physical!)' as well as tnontaliy prostrate. Sho had never felt so ill in her life lior so desolate aud solitary. She saw nothing for it bat to submit, until at any rata Pcregrino should be much butter and ublu to givo his views on dif ierunt subjects. A. week or taorn passed thus, during which time Peregrine, though ho got up, was not allowed lo leuvo his own rooms. As hu pot a littlo butter ho sunt for her two -or three times; shu pasncd , in ami out of hiu rooms, bringing him flowers from thu greenhouse, books and newspapers, us shu It. id Ijuuu iu the habit of doing. Not tlio faimuA allusion to what had happened passed between thuin. Outwardly things looked much us they always hud done, only — tbero wus the chasm between them, which seemed to crow iK opur and liuupur as thu days weut ou. There was I tie continued cessation of any iulor- cniirao between Godfrey una herself. Ouco ehts mui him coming uut of Peregrine's room as shu was about to go into it. Who hud uot known lie wus there, having como straight upstairs from tho gaiden, where she hud boon. Alizon must have been brought very Jow by that lime, for she paused, looked at hiui, and wished him good morning. ,Sho dared uot holdout her hum! kul hu tdnuud rcl'miu it. To ho Goutiuucd. 