' ' TEMPLES. .. ' There are three templeB emphasised in . Scripture. ;.: '- 1\. The temple of stone at Jerusalem, including Solomon's and Zar ubbabel's as - one and the same, so far as regards the system of worship. 2\. The temple of our Lord's body. 3\. The temple ofthe Holy Ghost, that is tne wnoie Doay oi uae Deueymg people of God, collectively and distributively, or the spiritual temple. . . These temples form three dispensations, and are so represented in the Bible. Between the first and third temples there are many and important . points of dissimilarity. The temples are not more diverse than the services performed in them. For obvious reasons the com parison instituted between these temples, as regards services, is confined mainly to the Jewish and the Christian temples. The intermediate one, — the Emmanuel, -r- being eternally connected with the Chris tian Church, forms its foundation and corner-stone. To the temple of God manifest in the flesh, there was, strictly ; speaking, no special service, except that preparatory one by. which He was gradually training His disciples for the then coming dispensation. It is in this way that we muBfc explain the answer .of oar Lord to one who inquired about the best method of fulfilling the old service, ' This is the work of God, that ye believe on Him whom He hath sent.' That. is to . say, the only present Bervice is to believe . bn-:me. Faith was, and still is, the very essence of the Christian servicer The . Jewish believers in those days were pass-, ing through the crisis of a great spiritual , revolution. ' They had more of the dark- J nesB than the light. Like a dissolving view, the old picture was fading away, ana the new one was only dimly presenting itself here and there in hazy outline. It was an interval of expectation.' Tra ditional observances had not yet been discarded. . The popular Jewish mind was , Jin a state of preparatory discipline for the,,., reception of a new service and a new law i— of lover— which were about to be erected upon the' ruins of the old dispensation. . The prejudices of the Jews, aud the ten acity with which they clung to their pre scriptive usages, were being gradually broken down, from the first day of the public ministry of the Redeemer until the -significant and suggestive vision of St. Peter. It was strange news even to the chosen apostle, to hear, for the first time, the true doctrine of the holy Catholic Church throughout the world. "We can almost fancy that it was with reluctant and struggling lips that lie felt himself " compelled to Btammer out, that 'Of a truth he perceived that God was no respecter of persons, and that hence- \- forth, in every nation, he who feared God and worked righteousness would be ; accepted of Him.' This preparatory dis cipline was one of the main features of _ the public ministry of Christ. It was the period of transition. The old ritual with its complicated services waB passing away, . - and a new and simpler system of service j was being introduced in its stead. ; Jesus left no model of any public \- service. He taught His disciples the use ? and efficacy of prayer, and left on record .the model for our own. ' But there iB a significant analogy . between the first ttmple, or the ' levitical period, and the third temple or the dispensation of the Holy GhoRt in which we now live. The brazen serpent, for example, or the scape-goat, ' or the high priest in the Holy of Holies on the day of atonement. There ; is not a single type, however apparently trifling, that doeB not convey some truth, by a picture, aa it were, of the more plainly . revealed doctrineB of salvation under the Gospel dispensation. These old paintings, the Divine masterpieces of the Mosaic school, are of considerable value to us. Dor although the mere rites and cere monies, the sprinklings, the washings, . "and . the feasts, have paBBed away, the Divine truths inculcated by these sym- . bolic teachings remain ever the same. \- .There are times when one may he in doubt as to the exact meaning of a par- 'ticular expression of evangelical doctrine in the writings of the new Testament, hut by reference to the Old Testament, in which the same truth is taught under the ; form of a picture or emblem, the difficulty ; often vanishes; . : Let ub select one instance out of many. We are told in the New Testament that there remaineth no more expiatory sacri fice. Jesus by His one offering of Him self on Calvary has put an end to all such ' sacrifices. Having offered up one sacrifice for sin for ever (once for all), He has, by . a new and living way, entered into the . iolieBt of all by His own blood. The ques- \- tion arises. Does this one sacrifice of Jesus exclude all atoning sacrifice on the part of His officiating ministers now ? Some .say, Yes. The idea of any sacrifice of that kind, in these days, involves the denial of the efficacy of Christ's sacrifice ' once for all.' OtherB say, No. HiB priests are still on earth, whose commission is to offer sacrifice and to celebrate masses as well for the living as for the dead.' It iB very significant that while the high-priest was in the holy of holies, it was strictly commanded that ' there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the con gregation when the high-priest goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until Tie come out.' In simple language it is here stated as clearly as possible, that while the high-priest was presenting the blood before the mercy-seat there was no sacrifice whatever going on in the taber nacle. All sacrificial offerings had wholly . ceased while the high-priest was in the holy place. Not only so, but not even one individual was allowed to remain in the tabernacle. They were all put out. How dees thiB correspond with the Gospel ? Has not. our High PrieBt entered into the holy place, not with blood of bulls and goatB, but by His own blood? Is He not before the mercy-seat ? Certainly that 1b so. Well, then, to carry on the analogy which the type so beautifully teaches, it must be evident to the intelligence of a child in a Sunday school, that until Me return to His waiting people there can be no sin- offering going on outride, that is, on earth. Just as the Jewish congregation were in an expectant attitude, waiting for the return of their high-priest from the holy place, bo the ApoBtle says that 'to < them who look for Him shall He appear " the. second time,' not as a piacular victim , to expiate sin, for that He did on Calvary, fully_ and finally, but to bestow eternal felicity on His faithful worshippers. If the Ritualists and the Romanists were correct in their view of sacrifice under the Gospel — according to the pat tern from which they both claim to copy — while the so-called Mass is being offered up, there ought not to be any person present except the priest. The Mosaic type is plainly against the idea of any sacrifice going on while the high- priest is in the holy place. In the same way we maintain, by parity of reasoning, that while JeBus our High Priest, is in heaven, all sacrifice for sin has ceased on . earth. One very remarkable fact relative to the Jewish service is, that it was histrionic, that is to say, a service consisting of acting rather than of speaking — theatrical in fact. And is not this the chief feature in the services in Ritualistic churches? The very - words that nine out of ten persons, who witness one of those services for the first time, employ to describe what they see is, 'Why, it is not in the least like the Church of England service ; it is just as if you were in a theatre.' A histrionic service was fitted for the mental poverty of the Jewish people. The use of language would not have been appreciated by the great majority of them. It was necessary to stimulate their out- ward senses in order to call forth an exercise of the understanding. A nother prevailing feature of the Jewish Ritual was it's symbolical character. Certain ceremonies and vestments were used as symbols of religious teaching. And is not this also one of the main features of modern Ritualism ? What iB it that gives such undue prominence to the question of black gown or surplice ? Is it not the fact that this garment is Baid to be symbolical of the sacerdotal character of the officiating minister? No man of common sense cares one iota about the color or the texture of the robe of office, merely as such. The question, however, assumes a more serious aspect when such fastidiousness is regarded as the badge or symbol of certain doctrines beld and taught by those who have adopted that vestment as a symbol of religious teach ing. The difference between the Jewish and the Christian temple service is just this. The former was prophecy in type; the latter is prophecy fulfilled in history, rendering the type no longer necessary. Then, again, the service of the third temple was framed in reference to a real scene already exhibited, not a represen tation of that scene existing only in promise. The cumbrous and complicated Bystem of symbol was, therefore, useless, except in the very simple form of bread and wine, for a perpetual memory of the sacrifice and the death of Christ; and water, as an emblem of regeneration by the Holy Spirit. With these limited ex ceptions the Christian Church has no symbols expressive of religious teaching. . Another difference in the service was, that the Christian form of worship was made verbal. Prayer by word of mouth formed no part of the regular Temple service. The Jews, doubtless, prayed in dividually by word of mouth in their synagogues, but it was not so in the ritual of the Jewish temple. There the high- priest sacrificed for himself and for the people. With us it is quite different. The Church's public service is common to minister and people. The minister prays notybr, but with the people. It is prayer common alike to both. The absence, theD, of types, and of minute, multiplied, and unchangeable rules, appears to constitute the principal peculiarity of the Christian, as contrasted with the Jewish service. There is in the New Testament no Book of Leviticus, no Christian Liturgy, nor any directions for forming one ! Christians are fully informed of the object of their worship and the spiritual nature of the service required of them. Thus instructed, they are permitted to conform at discre tion to any service, according to the circumstances of the individual, and the exigencies of the Church. The old system of unvarying uniformity has been com pletely abolished, and in its stead we are called to personal liberty, whereby every one may may worship God as he pleases, and when, and where, and how he pleases, provided it be 'in spirit and in truth.' We are invited to serve God, not in the oldness of the letter, but in the newness of the spirit. Let ns stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again with a yoke of bondage. The system of modern Ritualism may be defined as a hybrid produced from the mixture of the heterogeneous elements of Judaism, Paganism, and Christianity. Its symbolic worship, itB sacerdotal preten sions, its extravagant ceremonial, and its. typical service, have neither warrant nor counterpart under the New Testament. It is a retrograde movement — a. new departure — in fact, a Judaising Christ ianity. The Dispute with Portugal. — Portugal gave in, despite all her previous bluett r, when England sent her ultimatum, consented to withdraw her troops from the disputed territory ar d to submit the question to arbitration. If Bhe had not, it is probable Bhe would have lost all her African annexa tions. It was rather impudent as well as ungrateful, of the little papal country, who owes her very existence to England, to endeavour to seize territory explored by Englishmen, and . opened np at British oost ; and then to try and bluster it out. Fortunately however, Mr. Gladstone was not in effice or she wonld have got what she chose to bluBter for, like the Transvaal state, and British prestige in Africa would have received an irretrievable blow, to the great loss of the ratives themselves ; who would have fared ill under the iron hand of the slave trad ing Portuguese. Probably behind Portuguese impudence,', encouraging it, was France, or Borne otter European country, jealous of Great Britain, and not unwilling to embroil her in troubles and difficulties. As for Portugal, by herself, she could cause the British Empire no anxiety. The British fleet would only find it a pleasurable pastime to blockade her coast, and the vast commerce of the Empire would go on unchecked, and not endangered. The Portugur se African pop- BessionB conld have been seized without a blow, and when Portugal was tired of being oloBfly blockaded she wonld have had to sue for peace. By yielding however, before severe measures were enforced, she has gained the readily granted concession that the ques tion in dispute shall be submitted to arbitration ; and that is fair and hononrable enough to both net'ons. The foolish excitement and riots of the mobs at Lisbon and Oporto cannot have any importance attached to them. ' Their Government aid the best thing for the ignorant populace, who wreaked their impotent rage on the British Consulate. If their Government had not yielded, the mob might have had the extremely unpleasant experi ence of British shot and shell whittling about their ears ; but they would ignorantly force their Government to bring' upon them a sniff ring they do not realize, and that without having any mears of retaliation. It is necessary that the natives of Africa, who have given in adherence to British rule, should understand that Britain has ah arm long and powerful enough to reach and protect them, even at that distance, from any who may choose to attack them. Dr. Barry's Plan of Cam paign.— Perhaps the Christmas and New Year's holidays delayed the response of many to Dr. Barry's appeal for aid in the roofing of his church. If so, then we beg of our friends to give their kind thoughts to the matter now. For the few responses which have reached us we are heartily thankful, and we delay their acknowledgment in these columns only in the hope of making a little better ehow. We will however delay no longer than next issue. We trust that before that we shall have a goodly shower of offerings. £80,000 to defend Ulster.— The Belfast Weekly News reportB that on Wed- needay nigtt, 27th of November, 1889 : — Col. SaundersoD, M.P., paid a visit to Coat bridge, and addressed a large gathering under the auspices of the local Junior Conservative Association. Previous to the meeting he was waited upon by a deputation of the' district OrsngemeD, and presented with an addrees, in reply to which Colonel Saunderson remarked that two Scottish merchants bad each offered him forty thousand pounds to pnt Ulster in a state of defence against a possible repetition, by the Soman Catholic Home Rulers, of the confliot of two hundred years ago. The evening meeting was presided over by Mr. Alex. Whitelaw. Colonel Sannd- erson, at the outset, said he believed the present criers Ireland was passing through was the most dangerous tkey had experienced since 1688. He taunted Lord Boseuery with dwelling, at Glasgow, not on Irish but on Scotch Home Bale, and asked who wanted Home Bule in Scotland. He also ridiooled Lord Boseberry's federation scheme, and con demned it on the ground that it wonld lead to the British Constitution being put into the melting pot for the purpose of moulding it to any shape that their fancy might design. The usual votes of thanks followed. 