The Science of Breeding. On the science of breeding the following letter appears ia the Australasian of Jan uary 35, which will doubtless be of interest to those of our readers engaged in the sub jest dealt with by the writer : — Sir, — Again last week, when two wily poachers were dividing a basket of bream and 'ipwitg their net upon my grave, was I awakened from my uueasv sleep bv hearine 'Lowe upon the science ot breeding.' ' Who is] Lowe,', said one, ' did he ever breed a win ner ?' ' Darned if I know,' said the other, ' but he's a rum'un to write/' and then I heardthe gist of his last two letters. Why did he not erplnin away the saturation (nice word) of Cocoanut.who had three foals to King o' Sots? Why he never even mention ed it. But what riles my old bones is to hear that anything good I sired was owiagto the excessive excellence of my old loves Marohiones8, Gildermirg, Juliet, Rose de Florence, Seagoll (he meant Omen), Night light, &c.; Well, Sir, as you know, they were not bad sorts, but to state facts Marchi oness left three fillies in England, one by Daniel O'Bourk and two by StoekwelL and yet I fail to find their names in any win ning tabulated pedigrees. Juliet, sweat Juliet, did as well with me as with Stock well, for there is little to choose between Chrysolite and Sylvia as brood mares, and that good judge, Mr. Jas. White (whom Mr. Lowe eulogises,) is quite content to have Sylvia's son, M«n™ Henry (got, as some faddists' say by the son of a roarer,) among his best mares at Kirkhai ; while another kind friend of Mr. Lowe's who helped him to work out the red-and-blue theory has been actually breeding from a horse— a direct descendant on the sire's side from Sheet Anchor — out of s daughter of mine. Then GHdermire's filly by West Australian, that was left in England, was inferior cither as a racehorse or a brood mare to Sour Gropes. Boarding school Miss was a most prolific breeder, having filling to Buch sires as Touchstone, West Australian, Orlando, Newnunster, Flying Dutchman, and Sing of Trumps, let, 1 doubt if any of them produced any thing within yards of Rose de Florence's eons — Maribynong and ferryman. Omen produced progeny to six different sires, but by far the best was Ladj Heron, bothasa racehorse and a broodmare. Nigbtiightfs family is hardly known in England now. I think it will take a god deal to make my old friend, James Wilson, think she ever threw a better one than My Dream. Now as to my pedigree— which Mr. Lowe does not care for— old Esther Heron was a horse who never bad mich of a show either as a race-horse or sire. 'Castor' (an ac cepted authority) wrote in tile ' Sporting Magazine' ''that he was a very useful country racehorse, aUkough perhaps hardly ever done quite justic* to. As it was he won no less than 17 times, including the Liverpool Cup and other good stakes.' Heron was by Bustard, 4 son of 'Castrel (whom Mr. Lowe says is one of tbe most potent influences in the ' Stud Book.') Bustard, my f rienis will cote, was the sire of Kite, who was the dam of Lady Moore, Carew, and the grand-dam of Orlando, Men dicant and Juliet. Now Orlando won the Derby and got Teddington, winner of the Derby, and is to be found in many cele brated pedigrees. Mendicant won the Oaks herself, threw Beadsman, winner of the Derby, who in his turn got Rosicrucian, Blue Gown, and Pero Gomez. Juliet, as we all know, is the most celebrated mare that ever came to Australia. Heron's mother was a daughter of Orville, who got Etnilius. from whom were* descended Priam, Pleni potentiary, and Muley, the latter being the sire of Marpessa, dam of Pocahontas. My dam was by Sheet Anchor, whom Mr. Lowe says is unknown except by bis one eon Weatherbit— (what about Toxopholite's one son ?). Surely Mr. Lowe's knowledge of pedigrees must be very limited, or he would have known that Sheet Anchor was also the sire ot Collingwood, one of the best Cup horses in England, and that at eleven years of age Sheet An chor was sold to eo to Brunswick. Taff r&iLthe; granddam of the great French horse Gladiateur, was also by him, while Omen, one of the crack mares that Mr. Lowe says made my name, was out of a daughter of Sheet Anchor- Weatherbit wai quite enough to make any horse's name. Well do I recollect in Sir Josegfa Hawley's year what a run there was on his stontold blood— and how well his son Kei pieikept up his name in these colenias— they cannot extinguish his grandson Fire wo^kB, for he got racehorses from anything thai was put to him. My granddam vas by Bay Middlefon, whose history is well known, and who was the sire of Flying Dutchman. Now I maintain my blood can not be beaten. The same gentleman who gave such a lot of money for such mares as Juliet, Marchio ness, Omen, Nightiight, Hose de Florence, and' GUdermire, gave 3,000 guineas for me, and I think that Mr. Lowe wfll allow that if mares have improved as much in value as be says they have, my price in England bow would be 10,000 guineas. Will he kindly say in his next discourse why I never would have been, heard of in Euelaad, and if be thinks that Kingston (Sydney), Traducer, Panic, Ace of Clubs, St. Albans,orSnowden would never have been heard of there? How many men on the .score, of breeding f^Duldpick before they were raced Galqpin OT Hermit as fit for crack eires f None. - Having done with Mr; -Lowe I shall be glad to refer 'Old Hand' to -what I have said about the mares imported with ore. They have never done better than with me and,' Old Hand' may put this in his pipe and smoke it, that for the number of col onial mares or manure outside the ones im ported with me, I got as good if not better average of winners than any other sire. 'Old Hand' says 'that Che progeny of Cocpannt by Fisherman horses has a ten dency to show that Robinson Crusoe suc c#ed«dwilhCocoanutinsptteofhis Fisher man blood.' Wul he also say that the great goodness of Musket and Fireworks overcame the Fisherman taint, and pro duced Nordenfeldt and Sardonyx out of Robinson Crusoe's sister. Give a dog a bod name and hang him ; but this I know, that long after the fads of faddists are for gotten, and ''Old Hand' has gone to his roost, my name will be found in the pages of the *' Stud Book' honourably associated with many great winners. And I am glad to see all the principal breeders are of my way of thinking. FISHERMAN'S GHOST. 