T HE G/ULEKX&QY; Say, .Jack, if that Yank. Gunter gives an affiflavit that when 'e concocted that there "Two Nights in Rome" 'e 'ad never seen played, or read the newspaper plot of " Forget-me-Not," I'll make him ai present of my go-to- Sunday-meetin' kicksies. . They re just about as like as the get-up of any pair of "larrikin tarts .as are alius together ' a-doin' the Boiirke pushin on Sunday night. Mind you, Jack, not only is this the case in what you might call the general idea of plot, hut there is a similarity in the characterisation and in some of the incidents. But that. needn't trouble you, Jack. -That old cove us 'ad the 'ead swelled with straight tips, .backed is fancy that there wasn't any think new under the sun. So as long as you get an old thing with a new face, and it's a good-lookin' and an allu rin' face, you needn't kick. And that there drama they are a-rnniiin1 at the Princess' 'as real strikin' points about' it, and there's some likeable material of a dramatic kind chucked all over it.. But it doesn't 'old a candle to the Genevieve Ward play, and its fault is very jerky innatural transitions. They all of 'em knowin' coves say as 'ow sudden transitions are what you require to make an effective play, but you must have 'em just a trifle worked up to, and not jerked off" like a careless switchback rider. There ain't a doubt that the drama is seen pretty much at its best 'ere just now, altho' there are likely , lots of the points and business of the author and those 'as 'ave been a-playin' of it considerable in the States which we don't 'ave put in. Father was a-sayin' as 'ow there are three disappointed people who came out recently to the firm — Janet Achurch, 'er 'ubby Char- rington, and Bucklaw. Charrington, you've noticed, Jack, 'asn't figured in a bill for a long time. 'E was simply chucked at us aiid tliey kept it up a bit until the critic boys- kept up protestin' 'ammer and tongs that 'e was not only a- killin' 'is wife's chances of success but marrin' a chance any performance 'ad in which 'e appeared. Now they've shelved 'im, and. 'is 'andsome figure and lovely get-up are only visible about a theatre when the ghost walks on a Monday. The Achurch girl, av1io evidently loves 'er lord, took my fancy a bit at first Avlien she appeared in that peculiar piece of the German co vie, "A Doll's House." But she ain't done anyt.hink since. There's too much mannerism and too-little music in the voice about 'er. Sec 'er once and you sees 'er alius. I will say this, that she does fairly well in this new piece, and brings out the features and characteristics of the adventuress with some artistic force. I don't suppose we'll see 'er for long 011 the stage. Bucklaw is Bucklaw with all 'is crudeness, mono tony, and languidness. The frost which "The Silver King" was, queered 'im. 'E 'ad played it through some of the 'ome provincial towns and wanted to paralyse us. But Titheradge was afore 'im, and George father 'olds, plays it better than Wilson Barrett, who ' 'e remembers in Scotland play in' Hamlet and harlequin on the same night. Sass doesn't draw 'isself "much out of 'is solid, firm, if slightly sing-song style as the Italian, but 'e gets 'is effects and 'is favor. Don't think Teddy Royce felt as on a bed of roses in tacklin' the Yankee who 'as a turn for a lot of things inoludin' humour. Clyndes 'avin' been indisposed, Wilson Forbes 'as 'ad to take 'is part, and 'e does real well under the circumstances. Weeps, Availing and Avretcliedness are Clara Cowper's doomin', and she has to stick to the game in this drama, and she's right far up in favor.- Gerald Moore, to'o's, very nice. There ain't much to attract in the others. As to the stagin', it's jolly fine, my Avord. That boudoir settin', in Avhich the last tAA'o acts take place, is very , nicely conceiA'ed and laid out. " The Tavo Nights in Rome " runs for another Aveek, then the BroAvn-BelleAV fake crops up. They've begun rehearsin' " Camille " at the Princess', but I don't think that this Yankee society Avoman'll catch on worth: much. She ain't our style, and they say as ow as she's fallen off in looks recently. The masher Bellew, Avho may 'ave an 'ot time of it out 'ere, looks younger than 'e did half-a-dozen years ago ; there s feAver grey 'airs about 'im than then. They put. up at Menzies,' Hotel; but they ve left that. . _ The neAv Boston Ideal Companj' at the Victoria Hall gives a A'ery fair variety sliow. Nothin which knocks you out first round in it, but there are several catchin turns. And speakin of turns they're too long alto-: gether. They ought to be decreased in length and increased in number, so as ;you could aAre a look at inore'n one if you chances to drop in for a Avhile of an. evenin'. . At best I never Avas. struck on female impersonators, and Ellwood certainly doesn't make me alter my opinion, Jack. He's too big for one thing, and ain't no style about 'im, and doesn't -flicker about as a woman would do. He's a good voice though ; but I hardly think 'e'll be a big go. I couldn't fall down and worship the alleged baritone girl, Yoho. Guess she'd be better in kicksies, singing masher songs, and kickin' up 'er 'eels in a bit of a step dance. Them Irish coves, Burns and Donnelly, knock about Avith a:' vastness of vigor which is. vanquishin'.; .the Tudors' are just so-so,, and when Franks and Marion get into proper Avorkin' order tliey ought to give an effective, cleA'er turn. The only: Frank bobs up. as serenely as ever, and holds his own in a new and lively budget. Conduit's at the. head of the orchestra, so that's all right, and the liall looks tidy and comfortable. Father says that a new arrangement in connection Avith the firm will take place early next month; The theatres will be under different interests. Williamson sailed away safely to 'Frisco . on Wed- liosday in the " Alameda." Thep've. been Join' remarkably fine biz. at the Opera House Avith the revival of "The Beggar Student." The tuneful, humorous opera goes with all its former bang, and Bracy, Aston, Forde, Tree, Thompson, and: Graupner are as chummie in their parts and as prime favorites as ever. " The Sultan of Mocha" goes on to-night, and then "Nemesis" next Aveelc, and after that a new opera is to be produced. " Wanted the ugliest dog in Melbourne !" That's the ad. Avhich Dampier's a-ruiniin' just now afore ,'e produces "Robbery Under Arms." 1 In course' it's wanted for old Masterton's tyke, and any girls as 'as poodles better run 'em in. Just as a stop gap they're playin' "The World Against Her," in which Lily Dampier chips in again to Avarni the cockles of a fel lows 'eaft. They're intendin' to go in big licks in " Robbery Under Arms." ' Slade Murray's as big a favorite at St. George's as eArer 'e Avas, and the boys are in the sAvim Avith 'im. "Muddles" runs bustlingly, and the rest is acceptable. The cotnic opera crowd who go to New Zealand began a-rehearsin' "The Mikado" at the Princess' yes terday. They start on Tuesday, and haA'e three months of it. Father says letters from George Darrell speak - of doin' immense biz. 'E was to produce " The Lucky Lot," his neAv pkiy, at Dunedin ; and sails for this 25th inst. Bland Holt Avill.be at the Royal shortly. Georgic Lee is now Warner's representative, Petie. Hughes 'avin'. to go to New Zealand with- the opera company. George's one of the. smartest .-..and- gentle- manliest boys agoin!, and 'e'll figure yet. You bet. Did- — no, you didn't,, neither did I. Sold ! So long. 