ABERDEEN-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. "Last evening fca and public meetings were held in - celebration of the anniversary of the above-named church. There was the customary large attendance at the tea. which was served in the Sunday-school, and catered for by Mr Collyer. The ladies in attendance at the table were Mesdaines "Webb, Matthews, Richardson, H. P. Richardson, Clement, Pittock, Denmcad, Mark Gbughu.D." M'Korie, Gowty, Watson, and Seeley, and Misses Bartlett, Hart, Sutherland, Dawes, Hoather, Wheatland and M4Rorie. The public meeting" in the church was presided over by the Rev. Allan Webb,and "with him on the platform were the Revs. Dr Porter (Bal larat), J. G. Davies, J. S. H: Royce, A. R. Edgar. W. J". Eddy, W. C* Running and the secretary, Mr "David Harvey. The annual report referred to the appointment of the incumbent, the Rev. Allan Webb, to fill a vacancy which had existed in the church for 19 months, and mention w:is made successively of the work done in connection with the church by various organisations for young and old. The concluding jmmgraph of the report was as follows :—44 Our membership as regards numbers is about the same as it was 12 months ago. But the power of usefulness and blessing is greater. While we have received several recently, others have removed from the town and some have been called to the church triumphant. Mrs G filings, wife of the Rev. W. Gilliugs, has entered into the heavenly rest, and also our aster, Mrs Thomas Eewis rejoicing in God's faithfulness. We regret that our brother deacon and treasurer, Mr W illiam Hitchins, has been laid aside for a season by sickness. He has served the church well by a long and efficient help. We desire to place on record our hearty expressions of thank fulness to Silas Harding, Esq.. for his generous promise to discharge the balance of the debt m connection with the new infant room now being erected at a cost of £2S0. We have cause to rejoice because of the material progress of the church and Sunday school, but we raise a higher note of gratitude for the gift of God's love iu Jesus Christ and the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. We are glad of the full orbed Gospel preached by the pastor. The contract for £1230 to erect a two story brick building for a manse in Aberdeen street was accepted yesterday evening. Tenders will be called shortly to build a new Sunday school at Belmont, and we are hopeful of mak ing a commencement with a branch Sunday school in East Geeloug, on the ate at the inter section of M4Iullop and Garden-streets, early in the new year. To us, it would be a matter of unbounded gratitude, if the reproach, 4 that Geeloug, the town of churches, lias so many without the privileges and blessings of union with Jesus Christ in His mystical body the church,' were removed by purity of life and humble obediencetotell of theRedeemerslove." The Rev. Allan Webb gave a short address, iu which he expressed -pleasure that they had been able to present such a report as they had just heard. He believed that they were, by God's mercy, advancing in the direction of a higher spiritual life, and he trusted that as the church grew in vigor they would see the mani festation of the I/ord's grace in the salvation of men's souls. He was glad that the Baptist Church was extending its hand in the assistance of those people who were less favored in lack ing opportunities of hearing the gospel preached. He spoke in impressive terms of the necessity of sympathy and assistance being given to the ministers in their work. Mr Puruell, the church treasurer, then made a verbal statement of the finances, mentioning that there was a debit balance of £33, and £20 outstanding. The other speakers during the evening were the Revs. Dr. Porter, A. R. Edgar, W. J. Eddy, and W. C- Running. 