CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACE TO FACE. . -A- messenger was sent to Eirke, inform ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and-disorderly entrance' tilled the whole building with clamor, and their commander, with angry and inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with furious haste. He gained the chapel, and a gleam of ferocious joy' lighted -up his features as* he saw the prisoner standing before him bound and help less. " Well, young cock o* the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarse laugh. " You've led me a.pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where ishe? I'll make him feel that it is not Bafe to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as lie has done with me to-day." . - Vernor-disdainfully regarded hiih. ; " My father, thank Heaven ! is beyond the reach of your malice. You nor anyone else null annoy him more.'1 Why, what does the galliard mean ? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him before me, -tliat I may signify my pleasure to him in this conjuncture of affairs ? I'll take .the old-sinner where he'll find cause torepent of his evil deeds." " You're spared that trouble, sir," said Jones.; "The old gentleman's goner a longer journey than you can take him. When 1 jumped in on the hfdm' place o* the young'un, he jest fell back and gave up the ghost." Dead!" said Kirke. " Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broke \^hen he learned that his young scape grace 'was in the toils ?: Bless - my soul! I had no idea'he had' so much sensibility." '. He's dead, sure; Bir. 'Mebbe-you'll come up and see where the youngster was stowed away, aft' you see for yourself that . Sir Heigh '11 never breathe "again in this world." .? .? ? Giving ordors for the prisoner to bo re-! moved to. the hall and securely guarded, Kirke strode after his satellite and mounted to tlieganot. He carefully sur veyied'his roiitej and said: "Cleverly contrived, faith; and the panel is so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I was certain that- the ' young man had taken refuge here, and lintended to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed." ' ' When they gained the opening into the dressing-room, he-forced' his burly form .through, it/arid stepping out, stood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneel ing before the couch on which the body of Sir Hugh lay. Mis. Methurn extri cated herself from Ethel's, clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the poor "girl turned her pallid face to ward him and pointed appealingly to the lifeless form of the baronet. Mrs. Metliurn said: , . . > " . 1 '. - ' '*1 trust that Colonel Kirke will treat these remains with the respect tliat is due to them." Tlie rude soldier lifted his hat in the .presence of death, and replied : . " He's, done his last wrong ma'am, and gone where Jeffreys can't reach him, which I can't say I'm sorry for. Sir Hugh was a liberal man, and I'll see him put decently in the family vault before we go. But I am sorry to Bay that you and this young lady must go with me to Taun ton as soon as the job's completed." V ^an wo n°t be permitted v to re main hero till our presence is necessarv there ?" . . ' " I had agreed to that, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conceal that young fellow, thus making matters worsefor yourselves than they would have been. "Luckily; we caught him, and now he's safe with my lambs." ' "How long may we remain beneath this roof, sir?" " Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we have had timelo knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. Ho was fond of his glass, and I hope there will be good wine to be drunk at his funeral banquet. I rely on your respect for the deceased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are U3ed' to the best the country affords." ' " They shall have the best we have," replied the lady; " but you must be aware of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient food for a whole troop of horsemen at so short' a notice. Our family is not large, and it will take time to send to the vil lage." " Zounds ! madam kill the fatted calf ; kill his mother, if necessary; for I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken of its hospitality. The Methurns were not wont to be niggards ; and if their fortunes have fallen, there' is still enough left to feed his, majesty's soldiers." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech; she merely bent her head and left the room. . Messengers were dispatched to the vil lage, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might be sent up to the Priory; but the day was rapidly waning away before the banquet was ready for the impatient and often clamorous Boldiers; for Kirke allowed his men the wildest liberty when not engaged in actual service. - A rough coffin was procured for Sir 1 Hugh, and with little ceremony he was plnced in it' and conveyed to the family vault, which was situated in the rear of the chapel. Vernor and the two Indies were permitted te be present, and, with fear and trembling, the curate of the parish came to read the burial service over the body. When he , asked leave to do so, Kirke replied: "It isn't much good they'll do such an old reprobate now, Sir. Parson ; but as it is customary, I won't refuse. I'm called a brute, and sometimes I act like one, but the devil, you know, i.-n't so black as lie's painted. The women would feel horrified if the old fellow was put away like a dog, and somehow that little girl inteiests me. The poor thing hails been made a victim by Sir Hugh and that .scamp of a son; they have ruined her, I know, and this affair will swallow up the last fragment of her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for those the fortune of war throws in my hands." "Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady," replied the curate. " 1 taught her Latin and the mysteries of calculation, and she was always a docile, pupil. I do hope you will'try and befriend her in the evilatraits into which she has fallen." » 41 Ab to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the. authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys \ViIl then be the arbiter of her destiny." The dominie shuddered. .' Oh, air, he is a merciless man, and this is such a young ghl 1 I-I'm told, sir, that those he cannot hang he will condemn to be sold as slaves in the West Indies. Think of it, sir! such a delicate young lady as this to be sent away as a Blave to that wild'and unhealthy country," Kirke laughed bitterly and said : " It's good enough for the most of those who will be sent there," The poor douiinie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had been his patrons, and from him the young people had received the "greater portion of their education. For Vernor he had less affection than Gerald, but he could not think of the fate that .threatened him without the bitterest re gret./ , ?" ^ While performing the last services for the deceased baronet, his voice faltered arid his eyes filled with tears many times; and in a; parting interview with Mrs. Methurn he promised to look in fre quently at the Priory, and see how things went on during her enforced absence. She made an effort to look hopeful, as she said: ? - "I trust that' we shall be permitted to return before long. If wo do riot,1 hopej , Mr.Panton,'tiiat you' will remember the ;poor people I'have been in- the habit of looking after." ... \ ; He promised to do so, arid asked: " Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'am ? He's a lawyer, and he will know the rights of the>; case. It seems hard that you and Miss' Ethel should be taken away from your, home for such a trifle." "Thave;written to G'-rald, and I shall send my letter from Taunton." " Will' they really? put you in prison, ma'am ? It's a dreadful place; for I've been there to visit a friend. That' was ^several years ago; butthe place is no better now-najv it'is. worse', for a malignant fever, is raging among the people confined there." Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed i ' ' My poor Ethel! it will be terrible to take her into the midst of infection. I must make every effort to escape, tliat danger. Kirke is rough arid brutal, but he lias the reputation of being also v< ry venal., I have a hundred pounds by me, which I have saved since Gerald wept into Mr. Clyde's office. Perhaps that will purchase permission for .us to remain under Mr. Digby's roof. It would be too cruel to throw us in the midst of infec tion. " ''Kirke'seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and'I think the half .of the money will bribe him to let you both remain with i your friends. But no sum will keep Mr, Vernor out of prison. They are too much afraid that he will escape. He hau shown such spirit and determination that they will not consent to lose Bight of him for an hour." Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. -"I am aware of that, and I have no hope of keeping him with us. To save Ethel from contact with sudh misery and degradation, is the utmost I expect to ac complish. You advise me then to make the trial with Kirke ?" "I think yon may venture to do so, ma'am. He can only refuse, and you will be no worse off than you are now." Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke, who at first utterly refused to listen to such a proposal. He declared that the two ladies must go to prison, as many others-of as high station had done before; .that he had no power to change their des tination, but when he found that the widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity, he softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres' to find out how much she was- able to give, fce finally consented- to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and her protectress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion Vernor, his face darkened, and he abruptly said: "You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you is, to let him bear the burden of the calamity he ha» brought upon you all." Mrs. Methurn turned away with a sad heart; Bhe would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of his late acts, had she possessed the power to do so; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor was Btrictly guarded in one of the lower rooriis, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood be side the bier when the funeral services were being performed. He had then briefly said: " Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It*B all up with me, and I must bear my fate like a man. I have brought evil euough upon without hanging as a mill atone upon you now. Leave me to my own deserts.'' The house for many hours after was a scene of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Methurn was glad to take refuge in the seclusion of her own apartments. The late dinner was served, for Conway sent up a waggon load of provisions, [ and the people of the village, arixio.us | to prove their royalty, furnished every I thing they thought the troopers wouia need. The wine collar was searched, and a sufficient store of both wine and ale were found to intoxicate the whole party. Few would have believed that the shadow of death rfstcd upon that house, which rani? with bacchanalian songs and royster ing laughter. The fonst was turned into a wild revel, and it was late in the night before the troopers staggered from the table. Under these circumstances Kirke post poned their departure till the following morning, for among his troops but one sober man was to be found. This was Simpson, to whom the custody of Vernor was delegated, with the assurance that if he permitted him to escape his own life should be the forfeitl Minchcn and her son were still in the house ; and Melohoir watched for an op portunity to come into the presence of his brother, that he might gratify his deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpless before him. The drunlcea troopers had sunk down upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the house was at last quiet, when the young gipsy came stealthily toward the door be side which Simpson held his watch. He offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered: " " Let me , pass ; let me . see my foe in the toils, and I will be your friend for life." "Gad! you're the fellow that set the men on the right scent; you helped to nab him, and I don't suppose you'd care to help him off." "I'd throttle him first," wa3 the fierce response. " I wish to witness his humili ation-to gloat on his sufferings. He diegraded me once by cowardly blows, but now I think we are quite. " Let me pass, .good fellow, and it shall not be' the worst for you. When I get my Bhare of the reward for taking him, I'll remember you." U This ale is good ; this money is genu ine, and Idon't see any objection to graut in' what you ask. Go in and speak your mind to the sullen youngster, who wouldn't answer a civil remark I made to him a while ago." To be Continued. 