SOME CUHIOUS INVENTIONS. ! A contributor to tbe Art? York World has been amusing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Office at Washington. Many of tlicin arc amusing, and some decidedly crazy. A PRACTICABLE BABY AND A REALISTIC COW. There are, perhaps (the writer tells ua) two thousand tors in one division of the Patent Office, and one of tbe latest aud craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented by a German, aud it consists of a doll baby sitting ou a pan, with a bottle fined with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with tho glas? pipe which runs into the bottle, and, going iuto the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into tbe pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through the doll's head, machinery is set to work by which the doll begins to suck, aud the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much tbe | same order is the toy cow, which can be j milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside if. The inventor states that tho actiou of milking is exactly the samo as that of the real cow. and he has in addi- tion an iron wire which connects with tbe jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews hor cud while being milked. patknt cats. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884. Jt is a cat of paste-board or tin for the purpose of frightening rat or mice, ii is to lie made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so thtvt it shines in tbe dark like a cat of fire. Auother Mil, cijUilu lUUIJt, JB U plU.'UL uuil'l'iruu animal, which is worked by clockwork aud lias a bellows iusido it which swells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly sec it will emit a noise equal to tbe wildest of midnight catcrwauJers, aud it has in addition steel vlaws nnd teeth. \ ou wind it up, piace it ou your roof, aud set it howling. All tbe cuts in tlie neighbourhood jump for it. and its poiuoued claws kill every one it strikes. FORCING HEN's TO lav eg3s. There D a patent machine hero for forcing hens to lay eggy. and there are uumerou- others for iiravpnt.iiiiv thpm iMitiiur tlmi- eggs or breaking them. Manv of the patent liens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innoeeul lien drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down iuto a box beneath, whereupon the ir.ip springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as tlut of oow-tai! holders. There are patents lor horses' tail- a< well as cow's tails. The most curious among them, however, is the pateut of s 1 ankee who ha-i invented an ndjubtable false lull for horses. adjustable ruLvrrs, The lover's gate oomdsts of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the able pulpit, which will fit all kind's of preachers. The pulpit runs up aud down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing u button the preacher can raise it to Ids heightor lower it to suit. BEAUTIFUL NOSES. The patents to make women b©:iutifui are numerous. The nose-improver j» one of rJio most curious of these patents. Jr hug made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which arc connected by a binge. The shape of its inside is that oi iiperfe.-tiiore, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it docs ail its work ut night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this tlie im prover is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep mail morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the roft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form nf tbf. ctiann/it the improver. At the end of eight weeks you have n brand-new nose, which remains with, you until you got tired of it, when you buy a dirforeut style of improver aud come out iu a new noe quife different from your last oue, but still beautiful. ARTUICIAL GHOSTS. Lumiuou.' harness lias been patented, so that- a horse being driven at night look- like n >hivi ot' lightning. Thc-iv ":uv lmniuous roau-li-boxt-s, and luminous ghosts to scare awav gravo- robl>ers. After every great gravc-r«ibl«erv metallic '-otfins come in by the .-cove, aud I looked at ouo ooffiu surrouuded bv bars i f wrought iron, binding tho casket aud extending out from it at such a distance that wlau «'v«c in the earth it would b? impos sible to move it except bv a derrick. 