BROADBRIMS NEW YORK LETTER. A week of sweltering heat with the sorrow ful record of a long death list a C0I> sequence, one of the most pathetic being thai, of a young Catholic priest on his way to ad minister the last rites of the church to .1 ^yi^o patient. lie fell in the street, over come by the terrible heat, and died before they could convey him to the hospital. No one can imagine the horror of some of our tenement houses at such a time as this. It is ií'ó uritíünimdn tiling fpr a .hundred. and fifty or two hundred people to live in á single house. Russians, Poles, and Hungarians frequently live, a whole family, in a single room—eat, drink, work and sleep thore. One CMi scarcely imagine the low animal con dition and horror of such a life. Last weék a Russian pedlar was arrested for setting fire to a house which might have proved a holocaust to a hundred people. The place was actually fired by his wife for the purpose of getting the insurance on his furniture of a thousand dollars, the entire lot being worth less than twenty. Still fire is the only ele ment that can ever purify some of these tenement houses, for they uto generally strangers to water, as they do not use it for bathing and seldom for drinking purposes. The sudden and overpowering heat has acted like a charge of dynamite in driving people out of town, ind many whose business was so important that they thought they could not possibly get away, hive been recom mended by their physicians to try a change of air, and they are acting on the doctor's advice. The thermometer recorded 100 degrees, at least it looked that way for my .glasses were rather misty. It felt íike 1,000 degrees,' and I did not know but the mer cury would crawl out of the hole on the top. I stepped into the Produce Exchange whew u-u-ew, wasn't it hot; corn had jumped four cents and wheat was rising. In order to bo grammatically correct, I asked my friend Sparks, the janitor, "How is things ?" " Shings is jest a bilin,' General." He al ways calls me General to distinguish me from the other newspaper scrubs who come snooping around fer news. " Things is jest a bilin'," and they were. The thermometer did not appear to mako the slightest dif ference in the wheat pit or the corn pit. The hotter it got the better those fellows ap peared to like it. Coats camo off, vests were discarded,[hats were flung on one side,, cuffs wilted, neckties and collars wont the way of all flesh, and then they hustled and roared and struggled through that blazing afternoon, hundreds of them with nothing on but. sliirt and pinte, and I believe they would have taken thorn off if it had not been for the presence of a policeman, and sold wheat as our grandfather Adam did just before he went down to the land of Nod to raise Cain. In point of fact the Exchanges have been the liveliest places in town. Stocks took a flip up, cotton went with a whizz, coffee was sim mering quite livoly, and as I said before coin went up like » sky rocket. Thore was thun der in the air ever since last week and the bears got badly squeezed, at which there was much bull rejoicing. The news is appalling to the lovers of corn cakes and corn juice ; perhaps they may find consolation in tho rye crop. Let us hope so. There is balm in Gilead. I wonder how things are flourishing down in the Blue Grass region. The health authorities of Brooklyn last week seized two tons of horse bologna. It was all packed and pickled and ready to ship to Belgium, where, it is said, they aro fond of that sort of thing. The horse is % noble animal. I love the horse, but I do not hanker after him in bologna. I do not want to make a stable of myselif, though this- par ticular species of bologna is said to be a staple articlo of food in Belgium. On in vestigation it was found that this German had been supplying all-the lager beer saloons in New York and Brooklyn with first-class bologDa for, their free lunches for several years past. I have not felt comfortable ever Binco I hoard the news. I have toyed -with bologna and pretzels, and wondered how the fellow could sell them for seven cents a pound. It is several months since I in dulged, but it Beems to rae I can taste them even now. I told Jones who was with mo that thoy had a peculiar sort of flavour. He said yes; it reminded him of a dinner he had down in Siam when they served,up a dish of baked elephant's hoof. They took the ten barrels of pickled horse bologna up to tho City Hall. They were going to pass it over to the coroner, for the policeman who seized it said it smelled bad onougli for an inquost. As soon as the coroner got a sniff of it he and the police Judge escaped out of a back window, and the policeman who made the seizure was carried away in an ambulance. Street care stopped, and people fled from the City Hall as dogs do from butchers in China. Somebody said a gas-house had burst. ^ There was general con sternation, which was heightened by the fact that the horse which drew the bologna to the City Hall fainted dead away as soon as he learned that some of his relations were in the barrels. After scurrying all over the city, a number of tho Belgians were secured, and they draw the cart down to the offal dock, and when it wis emptied 011 the scow it nearly poisoned about 40 Italians who were working on tho dump. The Belgians in tho meantime were wondering whas in thunder all the fuss was about. The boss of the men declared tli.it- lie smelt nothing disagreeable, but what lio did smell was like tho Rose of Sharon and tho Liiy of tho O.illey. Only ?. short time ago, a little mite of a j follow was fouad by a policeman standing iu the street, vtití <íi<! not ¡appear to know much about himself, except th'ni b'o: cam o in a ship from England V.'itli ft womaii aiid. nh'ó had left him in the street. It WaJ a curious;Ca*& He was a bright little chap; a regular Little Lord Fauntleroy, but he did not have any Dearest, and he was short of an Earl, of both of which he was very much in need. He was well dressed and evidently had been well tatlght and woll cared for, but tlifife he stood a - homeless - waif in this great cityf threo thousand miles from home. The police wetifc to' ffoji ort the tíase and discovered the ship the boy carnie over on, and secured a description of tlitf woman; who brought him here. It. was not long fill they had her in the toils, and it was then dis covered thather business was to bring children from_the other side whom their parents or guardians wanted to get rid of, and l«se them here, where they never would trouble their relations again. They have traced four that she has brought to the United States in this mannsr, siift the question now arises, may she not have dispó'sé'd of some of them on the voyage, and added murder to. her other crimes. Meanwhile Little Lord FntfrftWoy has been as happy as pigs in clover. Abbot fifty ladies have come forward and offered to adopt him. His room at the City Matron's is filled with all sorts of toys, while big papers of French bon bons have to bo hid away to keep him from getting sick. It is a big thing for the boy, and he don't care a brass button about going back to Albion. America is good enough for him; for while he never can bo President, he may get to be a NewYoik Alderman, a mtích better thing, one which has all the emoluments of tho Presidency, i imrl Tinmi nf its responsibilities. I Come back, Dicky Croker, come back ! Ar rali Dickey darlin, fy did ye go away 1 Only two weeks ago Richard Croker, the Tam ilian}' Boss and liis family sailed wnr, or rather, steamed away, for Germany, minus hia baggage, but what of that ? If he had only partaken of a moiety of the good things that loving friends provided he would not have felt tile necessity of a clean collar ora fresh pair of socks, till the steamer struck . Bremen. As he steamed away he was in a blessed state of beatitude,for he had knocked the Fassett Committee cold and left sweet peace smiling behind him on a united de mocracy. Judge Power had been heard from, Judge Murray had promised to fisht within the lines, Mike McCarty said lie wouldn't kick if they made it all right- with Slattery and Walsh. But in the general settlement Rielly was overlooked. Ilieliy had always been 'a Tammany man. Through thick and through thin, in the summer's heat and iu the winter's cold, in victory or defeat you always knew just where to find Rielly. The 8th Assembly District is not a healthy one for n Democrat to livo in. For fifteen years Johnny O'Brien held it straight in the Republican line, but now that Johnny lies peacefully beneath the daisies, it h, to say the least, debatable ground, and Rielly, who has been making an up-hill fight for twenty years,has suddenly come to the front. Why then should TIennisy and Magee be given places on the Board of Public Work s, and Rielly be left outin thecold? That'swljat Rielly wants to know and what ho proposes to find out. So Rielly is kicking; but Rielly is not alone, there are lots of others in Tam many Hall who have not realised the sacred story of the loaves and fishes. Loaves there are none and fish is high and scarce, and the angel of Peace hath unfolded her wings and flown away. To como down from my high horse, there is the worst kind of a row brewing. Two brief weeks ago, and they all said, "bury the tomahawk," and now they are walking about with razors in their boots, :lnd war P:"nt ovor 'cm. Its aw ful. This miu~n'n". heard a County De mocracy crowd comln* home fr°m a meeting where they had been dovimii^ a P""1 to ='ve Tammany rats. They hud . ^nto Kreutzmer's saloon on the corner iind u^^ lubricated till they grew musical. Tho rain was pouring its they stepped into tho street, but they felt it noíj for Rielly who led the band .struck up. " Wait Ml do clouds roll by, Jinny, wait till de clouds', rolíá Jry, Jinny, mo own tro'o lo've jiiin'y, wait till do clouds roll bj'." It don't loóle niAv as if tíie clouds would roll by; so we rrill hrivc to wait till the November Ides. It's just áwfuí, so it is, and it's all on account of Rielly. Oh Dickey, darlint, come back, come back. Do I believe in women's rights ? Of course I do. So does Miss Kuenkle, and she proved it. Miss Kuenkle is irorn Germany, in fact, from Bavaria, tho place where they make good beer. She had only been in the country two years, but she has grown fast, and in point of sharpness and general in telligence would equal a New England "school marm,' and this is saying a good"deal. No chuckle headed Dutchman has any license to come fooling around her. Herr Koeppen met Miss Kuenkle ■ when she landed at Castle Garden two years ago, and forthwith installed her as his housekeeper, and gave her general chargo of his saloon. Things went on swimmingly, Miss Kuenkle was satisfied., and Herr Koeppen was more than pleased. About three months ago Herr Koeppen told Miss Kuenkle that he would have to go Germany to get n fine legacy that was left him by his grandfather. Miss Kuenkle was quite willing,as she saw visions of future wealth, which would swell thoir mutual bank account,.for the wicked Koep pen had been making love to her and had promised to make her his Frau when he got back. After Herr Koeppen got off on the Weiser, Mtes Kuenkle received a letter from his wife in Germany,begging for money and requesting him to come home. Did Miss Kuenkle faint 1 Oh no, not a bit of it. She did up her back hair, rolled up her sleeves find waited. She engagaged a law yer with the proceeds of the saloon and entered suit for breach of promise, claiming damages at fifty thousand dollars. When the North German Lloyd steamer arrived at its dock in Jersey City with Herr Koep pen, Miss Kuenkla was waiting with a detective to receive him,but it was necessary to get him to Brooklyn within the jurisdic tion of the Court. Miss Kuenkle rushed up the gang plank and threw her arms about Herr Koeppen's neck and fairly pulled him ashore. When they .got to Brooklyn Miss Kuenkle pretended to faint ,and they car ried her into a saloon, thinking some beer or schnapps would revive her. This was what she had pre-arranged with the officer who slipped a pair of ninpers oil 'the as tonished Keoppen and lugged Mm off to jail, while Miss Kuenkle jumped up and went back to the saloon. That's the kind of woman to have, ono that attends . strictly to business, and no scollops. Herr Koep jen is now in jail and is sorry he came back. Miss Kuenkle is in full possession of the saloon and is glad that he is here. O'Donovan Rossa, the Irish fire-eater,who would like a raw Englishman every morning for breakfast, has become a drummer ' for grocer Thurber, and is now peddling cigars Ghost of Vinegar Hill,does all his bfood=and thunder end in smoke Í Truly yours BROADBRIM. 