LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 23, 1890. What with the Eccies election, the G.O. M. Midlothian campaign, and Mr. Morley's reply to Mr. Baifour at New-<*> castle this has been a week of extra- ordinary political activity. Mr. Morley made a decided hit at Newcastle, catching the usually accurate Chief Secretary out in two or three glaring errors. We are, however, all heartily tired of the so-called Tippersry riots and should be glad if they could be consigned to the limbo of forgotten follies. With tbe autumn session just upon us there Is, alas, little hope of tbat, tbongh the absence of Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon may mitigate the stream of eloquence on the subject. Tbe progress of the Grand OldGallran ter from Liverpool to Edinburgh on Mon day was of the usual triumphal charac ter —crowds at the stopping' stations, en thusiastic cheers, and anavatltng demands for the speech which Mr Gladstone de clared he must keep for " my constituents." The veteran statesman looked extremely well asd seemed intellectually as vigorous a< when 11 years ago he commenced his first and most famous Midlothian cam paign. By the way, the PaJl Mall GasdU has produced an apropos Gladstone extra, which colonists wbo desire to refresh their memories on the subject of that exciting period will do well to look out for. The price Is only a few pence. As an oratorical effort It Is generally conceded that Mr. Gladstone's great t peech on the Irish question lact Mouday evening was very fine, but even the Daily Nttcs admits that the G O.M broke no new ground. He merely said in Scotland what Mr Morley and Sir William H*r ronrt have said many times in England. Moreover the astute veteran was silent on a point which greatly exercises a l?r?e cumber of his followers. Whilst Mr. Painell seemed likely to be the first Premier of Ireland tbe bulk of Gladstonlans were willing to grant the distressful country Home Rnle as an ex periment, and therefore voted with the Liberal leader. Now, however, the situa tion is entirely changed. Mr. Parnell has practically retired into private life. Since the rising of Parliament he has not appeared in public or taken any part in Irish affairs. The chances are, as Mr. Gladstone knows, that he will never to any tite&t; do so again. How, the on citlon of Ireland under the present regime may be bad, but can He. Glad stone or any other enthusiastic Separatist hoteetly say he believes a Home Role Ministry with Healey, O'Brien, and Tim UsrriDgton as leaders would improve runt ttr _is greatly exercising the National Liberal Club. Personal association with the leaders of the Irish party has done more to shake many Gladstonlans' belief In Home Role than a cartload of Tory speeches. The late Professor Thorold Rogers was at once the terror and the delight of the members' smoking room at the National liberal Ciub. He had a bitter caustic humor, a coarse unscrupulous tongue, and veiy little recpeot for anything either in the heavers above or the earth beneath. Some flaneur once remarked that there were only forty good stories In the world and thirty-bine of them couldn't be told before ladles. The venerable professor knew everyone of those thirty-nine narra tives, arid the more likely they were' to horrify his audience the more broadly he told them. To be just, the spice of wit la his case was always Indubitable, and we nose of us ever could help laugh* irg. When conversation turned on politics the professor laid down the law to tv, and woe betide the luckless night who differed from him. For dab fcUtjcette he cared not a dump, In fact, I ctce heard him call a Conaezvaiive visitor a "c d iool" aft** five minutes' C'jm eie&tioa.; Anybody else would have been foictd. to apolcgtee on the spot etd ff-putud to the committee eubae uoLfetiii'fDg with Thorold Rjgen. Of Uie serious work of tbe old man's life we lifcew little. I imagine he pat it off like his overcoat when be entered the club Tht< lectplion of G.-nersl Sooth's book by tbe precis must have deeply gratifiid the woe-worn old man. From this hypercritical Times downwards the papers express generous admiration for hie great scheme and earnest though coubifol hopes tbat it may be found workable. The book reads, says the Daily A'eics, "like the daydream of a poat and pbllanthropUt revised by a practical man. It is not new In Its parts, bus new ssa whole." " Waste land to waste labor ie Gtneral Buolh's watchword," observes the Tehnraplt "It all reads like More'a Utopia, bnt the generaVa firm faith in the possibility of hia scheme carries tha Ttscer an fry. It la better at all events to dream a social panacea than to acquiesce in things as th The fad iSall Gazette says :—"The novelty of the scheme lies not In its con.pt.nect parts, but in the iogenulty with which, tfiey are fitted together. Shelters, tefuget, Sis tew of N«z troth brigades, industrial villages, colonial faicrce, emigration ; to these and all the other pstiaceas there are fatal objections co Jong as any one of them is regarded by it?elf. The faeanty of General Booth's echeme ia that he relates each to the other and each to all. The ' city colony' leads up to tbe 'farm colony,' and the ' furm colony' to the ' colony over sea.' The other good works which Geueral Booth sketcbts out must similarly be taken in connection with the great constructive work of threefold rescue, which la simultaneously to be going on.. This completeness and solidarity of the ecbeme la, as we cay, Its great merit. Bat it Is involved thereby ia the greater ilsk. A chatn is no stronger than its weakest link. If there is a weak place an} where in General Booth's gigantic pile, then the whole of it will topple over. This is why *c place in the foxefrcnt of our remarks the question, Will Ueneral Booth kick his cabhone in the belly? We aifc this qneatlon in a spirit cot of carping criticism bat of candid enquiry. General Booth proposes to do for the * submerged tenth' of our slums what 1b done for the London cab horee. There are two points, he says, in the 'Cabhorse Charter'—namely, first, that when tbe horse falls down 'every thing is done to help him np;' and, secondly, * that every cabhorse in London has three things—a shelter for the night, food for its stomach, and work allotted to It by which it can earn Its coca.' But ocder each of these two heads General Booth omits a very important point. The horse has work allotted to It certainly, but that is not all. It is forced to do the work at the point of the whip. Similarly when a bone is down. ' The load is taken off,' says General Booth,' •the harnet? le unbuckled. 1 We are sur prised that so acute an observer should have omitted what, alas! miy be seen evety day in the streets of London in each a case. The harness may be cat, bat the advice occe tendered In eaTcuni by Mr. I'vuch Is first carried out in praclce— ' One cf you sits on his head asd the other kicks him la the belly.' It Is a cruel method, and in nine cases out of ten entirety unnecessary. Still, if a horse la down which can get up and won't some application of lore: majenre becomes neces sary. In other words, what sanction will General Booth's echeme have behind It?" Mr. Elder Hsggard ia going to winter In Mexico, and' talks of laying the scene uf his nt-xt romance in the region cf the nil vt r mines. •' The World's Desire" will be published In one volume complete next wet k. I consider the main idea of the story a stale conception Indifferently carried ont, and eball be greatly surprised If ft en bsi cts either Mr. Lang or Mr, Haggard's reputation. 1 am glad to notice that Mr. and Mrs. | Waid's "Come Forth" does not appeal 1 to the KcglisU palate, and that oar soundest critics secofl angrily from fa nauseating mixture of gashing nfm^mpw. talism and grotesque Irreverence, Clearly the ao called "religions novel" won't do at this aide of the " herring-pond." More over I sincerely hope neither Mr. Rider Bsggard nor any other English writer will be tempted by Yankee dollan Into embroidering on the Bible. Messrs. Black wood havere-kaned at 3s. Gd. aeveral of the favorite nove's which originally appeared In " Maga," and have | till now been priced at 6a. Saeh am Mr. Lockfcart'a ''Fair to See"(a dellgutfal story), and "Donblei and Qoita," Laurence Oliphant's " Altiora Peto," and Betans'a "Revoltof Man." Ward and Downey announce a volume of poems by Christie Murray, entitled *'A Bonch of Wild Flowers," "A Colonial Tramp," by Home Nlabst, " Woelo Hall Land," by Percy Fitzgerald, and " Mlaa Wentirorth'a Idea," by W« E. Korris. Boys, and men too, wbo bought the first volame of Cassell'e "Worid of Adventure" last year will not require to be urged to lay hands on the second, which is now complete, and an equally first- rate selection of exciting'narratives. Both as regards letterpress and illustra tions Messrs. Oassells hare produced nothing better than this eerles. TalkUig of completed series reminds me that the third series of the admirable "Tales from Blwkwood" can now >c obtained handsomely bound In six volumes for 15i. As a Christmas present for a mixed home hold up country I can im^g*"* these '■Tales" wonld be highly acceptable. They are of course most carefully picked, and are one and all by authors of the highest standing. There are, 1 find, some very aeriana omissions In the new shilling "Selections, from Browning." It seems Incredible the compilers should have deliberately left cut the oft quoted "Oh I to be In England now that April's there" aad "James Lee's Wife." Ao advance review of Sir Walter Soott's journal appears in the current Quarterly, and shows that this will be one of the most Interesting books of the season. It was suppressed at the time of the novelist's death because of the too piquant teferenoes to many living persons. libs Broughton'a "Alas!" is, in my opinion, a vast Improvement on *'Belinda" and "Or. Cupid," and nottm probably her dtef dVruere. Tba lady's style la bright and Incisive as ever, bat hss lost the hardness and excessive flip pancy which marred the cleverness of much of her earlier work, and besoms far more delicately sympathetic. Miss Bronghton always relies on characterisa tion rather than plot to interest the reader, and "Alas!" is no exception to this rule. LUy-Ilke Elizabeth Le Marchaos has. "done something" (what, we only learn in the but pages) which baulfhes her ftom home, and necessitates her avoiding all society and travelling about the Continent alone with her mother. Two men meet and fall 1a love with the girl. One of them, youcg Bjng, la a commonplace, kindly hearted, handsome lad of 20, the other a staid and satirical "Varsity don of 30, who tells the story and jibes at himself and his weaknesses continually. Mr. Bnrgoyne—or Jim as he is generally called —has been engaged for seven years to Amelia, the seal heroine of "Alas!" Amelia wears out her waning youth nutslxg a selfish, hypochondriacs! slater, asd carzylng on her alight shoulders all the heavy cares of her poor end feckless family. She lovea Jim passionately, bnt is too dear sighted not to see that (try and conceal It hoar hs msy) tiie man Is tired of her. Seldom baa Miss Brot%hton drawn a truer acena then the one In which loving and patient Amelia with (sb Jim can't help noticing) a cnggled appearance and aa nnbe comlDg cold In the bead, tries to give him back his liberty, and Jim (touched to the heart by her tad eyes) endeavora loyally to reassure her. For a time he succeeds, and Amelia experiences a sort of twilight happiness. Then the pwt girl's cold gets worse, and before her startled relatives have ceased groining over Amelia's Inconsiderate conduct In lyicg in bed, the prop of the family Is otad. Byng'e frantic lova for Blizrteth is, likewlce. well described, and ao is tha stunslrg blow which attends the discovery that she ia not the angel he imagined. Whether Miss Bronghton does tight In mailing him, as a matter of course, glva np all Idea of marrying the poor girl, Jim Bnrgr jce eventually resolves to face the ordeal and dare Mrs. Grnndy, and the certain drops leaving the reader carious aa to the future. It is Impossible to run an expenalvely mounted comic opera after modern methods unless it drawe fair houses, and this is> joist what" Captain Theresa" hasn't done so far Violet Cameron replaces Attalle Clftlxe in the title role this week. Should business not Improve the piece will be taken off, and Lady Dunlo and the •' VenU?" burlesque enbstituted. " The Masher of Ravenswood," by V. G. BnrnsnS, with nmticby little Solomon, fellows "Street Nancy" at the Royalty shortly. Miss Wallts (Mrs. Lancaster) la cer taliJy nclccky. Her husband, la redemp tion of a pre-matrimonial pledge, built the fair actress a theatre —the Shafteabnry— which she has twic.s tiled to manage, on each occasion with disastrous re* suits The crltlos damned Buchanan's "Sixth Commandment" with a cor dial DBSDlmity when produced ten daya ego. It is, in fact a wretchedly weak drsmatic version of Dpstoreffi?ky'a " Crime and Punishment," which not even the tupetb acting of Herbert Waring as a vil- Iblucce Russian prince could make toler able. Mrs lAocaeter, however, believes In " The Sixth Commandment" and dis believes the critics, so on Saturday even leg last it was announced that she would 86k the audience a question after the fall of the cmtaln. This was of course, *' Did the public like the play, and should she and her husband in despite of bad houses continue to try and ran It?" Civility costs nothing, and voices from the pit responded " Yuss." The stalls and circle however, remained ominously silent. StUL. Miss Wallle—l mean Mrs. Lancaster— expressed herself satisfied. We shall aea if tbls trick has any effect In bolstering up butinese. Great preparations are being made at the Princess's Theatre for Mrs. Laogtry'a grand spectacular revival of " Antony and Cleopatra." Mr. Chas. Cjgblan returns to England specially to play Antony, and the minor characters. will all be In thoroughly capable hands. The Jersey LHj'b old ally, Lewis Wlngfield, is, wlca Chas. Harris, responsible for the mount correctness will be ensured by the super vision of Laurence Alma Tadems, R.&. The last Important revival of " Antony and Cleopatra" was In September, 1873, at Drury-lane, when Miss WaUis, then a loveiy girl, played the great queen, and the ecencs representing the arrival of Cltopatia'e barge, the meeting An tor>y, ard the sea fight were the talk of town Nevertheless the run lasted barely four months —September to Boxiog Night — and Cbatterton loat money over it In ?tead of making a pile, as he had done out of ** Formosa " A second look In at "La Cigale" con fiims my first impression that the opera Is the fclitntet, best put together, and most rvcctesfully staged piece of the sort since "Dorothy." Note especially when look ing thiooeh the score (now published at Oaf) F>arz'a madrigal, *'Better for bat ard mp," Marton's catoby river son*, with iis ;Et! eh! Kh! eh!" chorus (thrice en coieo clebtlj), the first act finale, "Ah V Ut'e dtlik to La Gloria," and Martop.'a I gavotte, "Mother, dear, the violin. I hear " By tbe easy victory of M BphrassVa Alicante (3 $re,, 7 et 12 lb.) In the Cam* ! bildgethlie on Wedaeadsy tb^ French, "who have always been very laoky ia this imee, tacze than recover their Ceaare witch loaiM and take a big atakeonk of Bng land. The ring are not, however, ao bud hit as they would have been had ihe daughter of Hermit and Madeira sooted In t£e longer handicap Toattg, Victorious, and Motion were all three backed for tons of nosey for Wednesday's race, and finished well-nigh equal favorites with Alicante. In the Oesarewitch the filly ■was a 2 to 1 chance ab the last, whereas at the atatb for the Cambridgeshire 9 to 2, and In places 5 to 1, could without difficulty be obtained. Fred Barrett had an easy tide, aa Toetlg snd "Victorious, who made the running, were done with at the distance, and coming down the hill he had only tha outsider Belmont to reckon with It was never evsn necessary to shake up his mount, and Alicante won very comfort ably by a couple of lengths from Capbaln MacheU'a three-year-old, with the stop ping Toatfg a bad third, jnat In front of Victorious, Belmont'a name never appeared In the betting till Taeaday even* ing, when a few I,oooa to 5 were taken. Subsequently, however, Ib transpired that ii the final two hours before the race a 1 irge commission had been quietly worked all over the country both to win and for a place, and that the stable actually landed £10,000 place money, and would have landed £80,000 had Belmont baen first instead of second. Sam Loates was promised £1,000 If he won on Toatig, whom the Ablcgton crowd had tried very highly. Unfortunately the brute failed to stay. Morion also disappointed his backers, snd Martagon (Ryan's great tip) finished absolutely last. The field of 29 rcE?ere waa the largest since ISB2, when Hacknetfl (after the historic day's post ponement inconsequenceof awfal weather) won for Robert Peck. H. Blanc started Gouveruear for the Criterion Stakes in preference to the Dear hcrsb Plate, In which Reverend did duty for the stable. Neither this colt nor Slphonla, nor the non-staying Hunt had, however, the ghost of a chanca with Lord Sosebeiy'a oddly-named Corstorphlne, by Foxhali—Chopette, which won in a canter by two lengths. On Thursday, In the Free Handicap Sweepstakes for three-year-olds across the fiat, St. Serf (8 at 8 lb.) jost beat Maitagon (7 st 8 lb.). Blue Green (8 at. 8 ib.), Suefoot (9 at. 5 lb.), and Sainfoin (Oct. 5 lb), who finished in the order named. Betting—2 to 1 St. Serf, 100 to SO Bice Green, 5 to 1 Surefoot, 100 to 15 Sainfoin and MarUgon. 