THE INGLETHOEPE MY8 TEEYo CHAPTEE XX. THE BED AND THE TILLOW, Tbue to my promise, I went the next day to (he villa. Mrs. Boon brought her keys, I unlocked the doors, and together we sntered the lopg vacant place. There is always something im pressive, 'one might say, ' ghoatly,' about a deserted dwelling. When you enter into it, yon fool the influence of those within it, eg if some portion of tbem lingered in the old locality. I confess that I felt an almost superstitious owe and dread, as I stopped over the threshold which I had last crossed vsith him. ' How joy ln\, how full of life he had then been, his face lit up as a man's face lights up when ho is with the woman he loves and whom he aspects 3oon to mnke hia own ! He was leading Beatrice to the carriage ; they had been talking about the im° provementa they were going to make in the house. How every look ond fcono came back to me .' With a silent shudder I stepped into the hall, which had that mouldy smell of confined air belonging to a closed dwelling. I hastened to throw open the shatters. When 1 unclosed a door I flung it wide open, stepping in and opening the window shutterg ao ao to let the sunlight into the room before looking much about. I had to do it all, for my companion kept close to me, neves stirring from my elbow. I went into every room on every floor, from the kitchen fco the garret. Into the lattor I only glanced, as Mrs. Boon said there was nothing up there which she wc.nted or which required atten tion. It was a loft, floored, and o£ a comfort able height, with a window at one end. The roof ran up sharply in the centre, the house being built in thegothic style. There was such a collection of rubbish in it ao is usually found in such placeo— broken-down furniture, worn-out trunks, a pile of mattresses in a corner, over which a blanket had been thrown to koop them from the duat, some clothing hanging from a line, and three or four barrels. Mrs. Boon was standing at the foot 0? the stairs, which led up into the attic from a small landing on which were closet* used for storing purposes. I bew that she was uneasy at having me even so far from her, and after a brief survey of the garret, I assured her thera was no ghost thore, and descended. ?Help yourself to Gome of them apples,' said the woman, pointing to some bosea and barrels on the landing where we now stood. ' They're hoard apples. Boon'a going to oond them into Liverpool to the family in a week or tv?o. We've permission to keep them here becauseit's dry and cool, snd, the landing being in thomiddle of the house, it's warmer there in the winter than cnywhero elpo. It's a good place for fruit. Hark ! What wag that ?' 'It wes a cat,' snid I, as I put a couple of the epplea in my ovorcoat. 'It sonnded like r cat-— in the garret. If we shut it np thoro it'll starve.' I went np the BtBirs again, looking carefully about the attic, and calling coaxingly to the animal, but no oat showed ltjolf, and I camo down, paying that it muni have been in one of j the lower rooms, aud had probably run In since we opened tho doors* ' It certainly sounded over-head,' persisted my companion, looking nervous, and keeping closer to mo than ever* I had hoard the noise, but could not have undertaken to nay whether ifc enmo horn above or below. 'If that is the material she makes ghoots of, I'm not trarprissd she haa a full supply/ I thonglit. In going out the woman was careful to clcss the door, and I could sea her looking fearfully into every cornel' as we passed on, as if she ex pected every moment to bo confronted by some unwelcome apparition, oven in the broad light of day. There were no traces of any intruders having made free witk tho house. The linen and China closets were undisturbed, and no thing appeared to have been meddled with. ' This was Me. William's room. Ho lsked it becauae it had the best view of the river,' 3sid Mrs. Boon as wo paused before a chambei1 en the firofc floor. VVd both hesitated. Has.' apron was at her eyes, and my own throat swelled suddenly. Reverently I opened tho door and stepped within, followed by the house-keeper. As I raised the window and flung back the shnttor, she gave a ocream. I vrjis really startled, TurniDg quickly, I now her with her hfjous thrown up— an expression of terror upon her face. ' I told you the house was haouted,' she mur murod, retreating backward towards the door. 'What do you see P' I asked glanciag about for the cause of her alarm. 1 This room,' she gasped ; ' it was his, and he comes here still. I know it !' 'What makes you think so? Has it been disturbed F If it hos, rest ostmred ifc has been done by the living not by the dead,' 'I wish I thought so,' sbe slid, solemnly. 'It cannot be. No other port of the house is in the least disturbed. No one has had admission to it. It is impossible. Not a crack, not a cranny, by which anything but a sperrit could have got in, Mr. William's been here, Mr. Harlows ; you can't persuade mo to the contrary.' 'And if he has,' I oaid, calmly, for I saw that she was much agitated, ' are you any more afraid of him now thrm you were when ho was in tho body P You loved him then ; think you he will harm you now ? llather you oughf/to bo glad, since you believe in ghosts, that it is a good spirit which haunts those promises— tho innocent spirit of the murdered, not tho guilty one of the murderer. 'I know it,' she said. 'I'm not afraid. I don't think I could be really afraid of Mr. Wil liam's ghost, even if I should see it ; but it's so — awfal, isn't it P' 4 Not to me, at all, If such things were per. mifcted, I should like to meet this spiritual visi tant, and ask him the one question ; if, indeed, he could answer it. I should like to have him point out the guilty. If his hand could reach out from tho spirit world, and strotch an accus ing finger towards the murderer, it would be owfnl to the accursed one, but it would be wel come to me. But what makes you think that William Staunton has been hero P' She pointed to tho bed. There wag a pres sure upon it, aa if some light shape had lain there — juat the faintest indentation of 0 head on one of the pillows. From thence sho pointed to a little writing-table botween the^windowo, on which a book lay open, and where thore wore some papers and engravings ; then to n pah' of alippora standing on the carpet at the head of the bad. Tho room was a delightful one, fur nished with blue and white ; Willism'K favourite colours. Two or throe exquisite little pictures hung on the wails, and cot tho slightest toy 00. eupiod a niche in any place but spoko or. tho tasto and refinement which had chosen it, From the two windows tha view of tho rivor i] owing amidst the bills, and the lovely country spread ing far away, was suoh as would satisfy fho eye of a pool, turned from tho page before him on tho little writing-table, to rosfc on the fairer page o£ nature. ' I come into this room the day or the funeral,' aaid Mro. Boon, with n trembling voice, ' and I put it all to rights, ao if the master was coming back the nest day. But I little thought he would really come ! I spread that bed as smooth as paper ; I put fresh casea on the pillows ; nnd set 'em up without a dent or a wrinkle in 'am, I put hi'j slippers with their toes to the wall, nnd now they're standin' as he always loft 'em when ho took 'era off. Them papers has been Rtirred, and he's boon readiu' in that book. She givo him that, and it was a favourite with him ; I've often noon him with ifc in hie hand. You may shako your head, Mr. Sarlowe, but I know Mr. William's boon back horo in his room,' ' If anything in this room hag been disturbed, rest assured thero'a been sorue living intruder hero. A spirit would have no need of slippers, and would have made no impression on your smooth bed.' 1 You oan talk your big words, for you aro an odio&ted; man, Mr, Horlowo, but you can't con vince me against my own persuasion. ItV boon no human being that had boen on that bed. Why, it's hardly wrinkled ; you can just oeo it's been lain on, and thafc'o all. Besides, how did they got in P Can yon tell me that ? Through tho keyhole, perhaps, anil wont out tho same way !' Hgl1 voice was growing sharp aad a little saf-» castic. I op.w that ii; wao in vain to try to dig abuse hej.1 mind of ita impression while oho waa in her present oxcifcod state ; and, indeed, 2 had no worthy argument to offer. To all appearance, the k'osfc of the hou3e had been undisfcarbod ; there was not a broken fastening, a displaced bar of any kind, and nothing missing. Ifc would seom as if something hastily heavier than a shadow had stirred the pillow, end moved abowfe the room, Although I could not tell what ifc wa?, I could not positively csserfc \7hat it was not. I sat by tho open window whilst she smoothed! the pillow, and pieced every article of the furni ture with an exactness which would inevitably betray the slightest disturbance. s You chall aeo fos.1 yourself, sirs tho aost time Aa I waited, I took a litfclo book which lay, with other?, on the table before me. It waa a volume of poems by Elizabeth jBorrstt Brown ing, and ifc oponed afc a page where a book-mark had been loft. Once I had soon Beatrice em broidering that vory mark, I wca sure. The first lines which sntjftht my oyss wsx'© these : — 'Ifc trembled on the grass With a low, shadowy laughter ; Tho sounding1 river, which rolled for ever. Stood dumb and stagnant after.' Just then a cloud owopfc over the noonday sun 5 a chill ctrnok through the open window. The wiad which blew in, fluttering the page, could not have been mors dreary had it blown across a church-yard. Shivering, I continued to read ?? — ' It trembled on the grass With a low, shadowy laughter; And the wind did toll, as a passing soul Were sped by church-bell after. And shadows, 'stead of light, Fell from the stars above, In flakes of darkness, on her face Still bright with trusting love. : Margret ! Margret ! ' He loved but only thee ! ? : :'.???? That love is transient, too ; The wild hawk's bill doth dabble still In the mouth that vowed thee true. Will he open his dull eyes, When toars fall on hia brow ? Behold, the death-worm in his heart Is a nearer thing than, Thou, Margret ! Margret !' I know not if the housekeeper spoke to me. The clouds thickened about the sun ; a dampness enme in from tho air. I held the book, staring at ifc like one in p, trance, and pondering over the strange coincidence. Evidently William Staunton had read these verses when he laBfc opened tho book. Perhaps the loverB had read them together, with a soft sigh for the fate o£ Margret, ond a smile in each other's face to think how aafe their happiness wp.fi— how far removed from this dolcfnl 'romaunt,' Now would ho 'opon his dull oyou' for Boatrico'a tears ? I seamed fco hoar the low laugh of tho mocking fiend ; a more than wiufry eoroneaa settled upon tho landscapo— ' It trembled on tho floor !' Yes ! I was fast getting into tho mood, for bolioving anything which Mrs. Boon might assort about tho occupant of thia chamber. Emotions which I had never before- experienced chilled my heart ; shapes began to gather in every obscure corner ; and when the rising wind suddenly caused 0 door to ohut with a noiae like the report of a cannon in tho hall beneath, I started to my feet, 'We're going to havo a stormy OhristmaB,' said my companion. 'It'll auifc our foolioga better than a sunny one, I'm euro. Hark ! there's my Johnny crying, I do believe ! I should think hia father could havo kept him quiet a bit, till I get the house shup up bgain.' 'It waa that cat, I thought.' 'Novcr miud. I'vo just done, ii: you please en1. Take a look afc thia room, aad fix ifc on your mind, it you will ; and the next time you are hero we'll open it togother.' We roclosed and barred tho shutters through out tho house, carefully fftsionod tho doors, once more Jasving it to its desolation. We had sooa no ghost a ; I do not suppose the woman expec ted to see any. but I felt certain that her fears worn m no manner dispelled. ' You 6so ihe place is all right,' I ssid, when handod her tho keys. ' Thore ia nothing in tho world to snake you uneasy. 1 would as soon sleep alone in the villa as in my owu room. I will do it Booa, if you r.!fo not sBliufied. All I ask, of you ig not to write to Me. Stimnton until I hftvo aeon you again. I shall come oufc before many days have pasaod to see iiow you are getting on.' 'We shall wait until you eomo again, sir, before wo say anything, i feel better uow things are attended to. There's Johnny crying again ! Well, Mr, Hei'lowo, good-bye ; it'll snow before you get homo.' I had a wild walk back to the town—full of lonely magnificence and gloom, which suited ray temper. 'Jrrey miats hung over tho river and swept about tho bases of the hills ; groy clouds whirled around their summits : groy stow came down in blinding drifts : a savage wind Doomed to be blowiDg tho umvorne about my ears. (To bo continued.) 