A FREE MAKKET. The literal meanins of the vrml 'Fair,' in its c'lDimerelil seus^, is a ' free maiiet.' In other \ror-!s, a ?? fair' mcttus^ uuikcl^t which all End cvery may purrhsse or not 'without Ve:n3~ subjected t» fee or tax, an! aUo where all and orery can sell Trith out any suiji disabilities as attach' to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the social anl industrial life «f the poaple: but. since the establishment irhica lias resultoa, these fairs have pretty \reHdied «Tit..'ima;t.-r perhaps for regret, in snme respects, but inevitable under the changed conditions of the national life. Here n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed very little of tiie old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a- head colonies? Inf e is not so slow ana lethargie as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, «veu ui 1-U13 nay, lew pnnuicui suu. iu tiie old GOtmirr are a **^t,gf atwpJ Tnis, howcTer. is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies aacl inrcXUgenoe of the last half centorr. life, too. tliougli longer in its average tliaa our -worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too sliort for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sousut in all directions to do as much in an hcur ss ICO rt-ars ara was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we lire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The ^rerage «*»*-niT,;» capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those 'good old fiays' iriiich sentimentalists are continually regretting — people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners irho wrdte : — ' I** seTenee, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility.' People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higflier intelligence have taught Wi**m how to spend it wisely, ire find great establishments, ench as Fay and Gibson's, of Smith etreet, Collingirood, springing into pxifih-nw, whose purpose it is to ?apply to a well-to-do population, tbe comforts, Hue necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. TTe hive said tiat fnira are nnknoira in Australia. 'We are wrcuig. At t2iis Ttresont moment, the Pttt, ^pg hare mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conduc^in^ a fngantic ITfllr, and to uss a graphic, though perhaps somerrhat vulgar, expression, .*' it is a sigrlit 'to do sore eyes good.' Any theatrical manager irho may happen past Alcssrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a -sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse— an eager dasire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and G-ibssa to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind, it must gdre pleasure to reflect that at least 00 per cent, of dose crotrds are rendered happier by --Tij»it- nttpnAKmv at this Fair. The young -wife who has become possessed of one of tl'.ose elegant mantles, of which such numbers of enrpassins beauty and srace are exhibited, wHlhuvc a crarecter temper and more contented apirit than ha*, hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of tiiose splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 61. per yard will feel a greater iiriae-tban ever in Tiffr home. Ji nt» connizy f**-wflcw,nw \gho has pur~ rdintuWl hit RnH-A-« nf fsrntfnrw far tiiA linme to which be shall presently' conduct hia bride, is filled vdtb a sens£ of importance' and responsibility, to which hitherto, dexmg his Bhiitless&lovenly; bachelor days, he fins beca'an utter etzanger. ,3nawordfit ia] impossible for a tyflrrtang observer- to. look on at the ' ceAsele3S ? -iriffny ani out ?- flw^ of visitors t» this show to he insensible (o tbe circumstance that -these fairs Benre a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. \Fe do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing iho esfAbnslimcnt of these fairs, toolc into zee Uonicg the piflonliropie aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral pood f ollofrs upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. For and Gibson when they reckon tlieir profits, msy, if they please, add to them tix important, though intangible balance a in creased popular contentment. There is another lesson tolesrn fromthese fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however- intricate or cornnUcatod, are beyond the influence of method. Tdr rules by vhich this great establishment is governed, arc evenas tiielavBof the Medes and Persians. A fixed system— resolt off long experience— Hnd large business ex perience, controls every detail .of (he bnai DeaSp co that matters go - on like machinery, - and h- oar mind, with much of tbe throb and pulse of the steam oogine. Some ideamay be formed by tiiose vlui bave nervr visited Foy and Gibson's premises ot their size irhen vre »*?f''' tbsm tiiat tlw frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there Is a depth to littto Oxford street of S0»ft Tlie gnu ahow roonu, Ca'I'Vaii thafc»BUlesf of fominln. raiment are enormous apartmnds. We wmder tf ghuts of dejartrt belles auemhle hereo1 night, and. amidst dainty aHlcs end velvets, and ]aoes, and other betriUermgnuHers, taste again some slight flavour of the dellghta which once mored ttem fa the flesh. We io oat fcs&eve; in ghosts, bnt, es we have Sir. Shakespeare' authority that there are more things' in beams and earth than an dreamt of in our philosophy, K may be on tbe cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones «« revisit these scenes of first 