WoveUst* THE HAUNTED HUSBAND OB, Lady Clietwynd's Spectre. BY UBS. HAEEIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XXIV.-(CONTINUED.) >rapidly sketched his visit to St. ; £ij.da' h,B. falh°B >n love with Bern ice. :. their marriage, her death, and her repeated ? -- appearance to him since her barial. At the ? -conclusion of the narrative. Chetwynd breathed heavily, his face ghastly pale, his wUtf°'TeS Wlld nnd strange in their eager ?v .r* and yeArning. ? " A strange illusion," said Bisset placidly. ' n a ^ once wbo ^ncied himself a tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de. ' 7 "g, pia1ed uP°n a hot stove. And you, my lord, believe yourself to be haunted? The delusion is not unprece . . dented, A thousand men have deemed themselves haunted. By the by, the Miss ,; >pi5"ohlwSi!S5SK4mMh" "It is desirable, then, tl'at you should d /°"r mind °tE, tbis singular delusion qiiieUy! 08 possible»" "marked Bisset, ^ " You have not heard all. You think me , < a monomaniac, I see j but listen. When mv wife last appeared to me-the night before a } pursued her. I bounded after her down the long aisles of the con / Bleeve-" ' grn9Ped ot her; I caught her " Ah J" breathed Bisset, . " 4j?.d^ ^cr® 'rom It thi# bit of lnce, a real tangible proof that the garments at least ? wore not spectral. Look I" ""?wWyi°d,tflck. from I,is Pocket a tiny packet, which, being undone, was found to ; consist of a yellow, wrinkled, and torn scrap . of old point lace. * "i?iisset'and Ten)pest examined the laee with eager curiosity. ; . P,uts,n,new view uP°n the matter, my lord, said the detective, speaking 110 longer 111 a drawl, but in a quick, business voice. lour spectre was a living womun. How was el e dressed ?" " her burial robes-a long, white silk gown, cut square at the ncck, with frills of ? «« H hiding her fair bosom, and . with sleeves cut off at the elbows and edged with lace. Sho ha# always appeared to me . in the same dress." Hum 1' said Mr. Bissot. " Has anyone else seen this white-robed angel beiides .yourself, my lord?" " Miss Monk saw her, and believed her a ghost. No one else saw her. She comes and goes like a shadow. I believe her to be f hving woman. But who is she? But that I Ituow Bernice to be dead- What is this mystery, Mr. Bisset? I have sent for you to probe it." '.1 should say, at first glance," said the officer, " that some young woman waa trade lag upon her resemblance to the late Lady Chetwynd. Tnere is no doubt, of course, . that Lady Ohetwynd is dead?" ^ " She died in my arms, and lay for six days in my house unburied, and I then con ' s!!gn«d ber to t,m Chetwynd family vault in the Chetwynd parish church," deolared his : lordship, solemnly. » And yet, Mr. Bisset, Z can swear that that scrap of lace came from my wife's burial robe. The pattern is peculiar," you will observe." "Had lady Ohetwynd much of this laee among her effects I" asked Bisset. " None of that pattern except upon the dress in which Bhe was buried. The gown . waa made for her in London." ''We'll look into the matter of this laco, . ay lord. " Whoever is counterfeiting the dead Lady Ohetwynd is doing so skilfully, without regard to trouble or expense, and consequently with an object. What that object is we must determine. Do you know of anybody who is averse to your marriage -tsiih-Miss-Mosk "Ido not. My marriage with her is re garded as a matter of course," replied Lord Ohetwynd. "I was engaged to marry her years ago, but she broke the engagement . went just before I went away on the cruise that resulted in my marriage to Bernice. My wife, in dying, urged me to marry again ; and since my return.although I have not ceased in my love and fidelity to the dead, I have renewed my former encase ment with Miss Monk." 0 Hum 1" said Mr. Bisaet; and somehow he uttered the simple ejaculation in a manner that made it pregnant with mean ing. "You must not deom mo over carious, my lord, but as yon have desired me to assist in the eolution of the mystery of Lady Chetwynd's spectre, I must ask you to be perfectly frank with me, and to give me considerable information that will seem, perhaps, to have no bearing upon the matter in question. I must know every member of your household, servants and all. To begin with tbe chiof personage next to your self, my lord; who is Miss Monk 1" Tbe marquis fancied that tbe offlcer'o questions were growing intrusive, and he replied, coldly: " Sho is my step-sister and promised wife. She is the daughter of my mother's second husband, Colonel Monk," " Born in Indin, my lord 1" The marquis bowed with a suspicion of haughtiness. .* And her brother is here, also, my lord?" " Ho is, at present. He ia reading law with Scotsby & Newman, of Chancery Lane." '. Hum 1 I know Scotsby & Newman," said Mr. Bisaet, coolly. "Excellent firm. So Mr, Gilbert Monk is reading law with them? Thanks, toy lord. And Mr. Monk, I suppose, was also born in lndin. I have, a partiality for India and India people. I was born in India, my father being an officer of the EaBt India Company.- I was out there during my'firat ten years, and I've been back since attaining my man hood. I suppose I know as mucti of India and the natives as any mva of my age living. The cariiage rolled on through the vil lage and up the hill beyond, entering the ?hadows of the park, and soon reached the house. The young marquis conducted his guest, Mr. Tempest, and the detective, Mr, Bisset, to the library. Qere his lordship, at Bisset's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Ghetwynd's spectre and the facts connected with its repeated appearances, submitting to be cross-examined even to the minutest de tails. The dandy-like officer dropped his little_ affectations of eye-glass and drawl, and^ listened with a keen interest, and ex hibited a cool, calm judgment, a clear per ception, and an acuteness and shrewdness that caused Lord Chetwynd to revoke his earlier opinion of him, and to respect and have faith in him. 111 am to pass as your guest, my lord, equally with your actual guest. Mr. Tem pest," said the officer, when Chetwynd had given all tho information iii his power. KHow many people in your house, my lord, know me in my true character?" " Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tem Eest, and myself," was the response. " The ousekceper, butler and under servants, of course, arc in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. They have been told that I expect a gueBt." "Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr. Monk knew me only as your guest," said the officer. " Men of my profession like to work in secret. Most ladies have a maid or confidential attendant to whou they impart a good share of their secrets, and these maids are sieves, for the most part. But to return to business. Will you take me to your conservatory, drawing room, and music-room, and point out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will call your visitor a spectre for the present, my lord-appeared to your lordship ?" Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if he would accompany them. " If you please," said the great explorer. He leu Tempest and the officer to the drawing and music rooms, and pointed out the spots where Bernice had firBt and last appeared-how she had escaped the pursuit, running down the aisle of the conservatory, and out at the open door. Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then said : " My lord, I will undertake the solution of this mystery, but I desire you to leave the whole matter in my hands. Permit mo to come and go about the bouse at will, to question your servants, and havo a night key to one of your outer doors, and to com port myself in all respccts as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family." " Your may mnke your own terras, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. " I resign the management of the matter into yo-ui bande." His lordship showed his guests their looms, and a little Inter luncheon was annsunced. Miss Monk did not appear at table, but Gilbert came in, boyish of aspect, with a jovial smile on his swarthy face, and a great affectation of light headedness in his manner. Chetwynd introduced his step-brother to his distinguished guest, and to the de tective officer; Monk greeted them cour teously. Mr. Bisset had resumed his drawl and the use of his eye-glass. He appeared to Monk a mere dandy, whose skill in bis profession was a matter of doubt, and Monk conceived a great contempt for him. " Of course, Mr. Bitset," said Monk, at an early pause in the conversation, speaking with a slight tinge of superiority in his manner, as to a social inferior-, " you have heard all about Lady Chetwynd's spectre ? You are tho gentleman from Scotland Yard, I take it, as Mr. Tempest is well known to everybody, by name at least, as the great traveller and explorer. Chetwynd Park, although one of tlie grandist residences in England, lias hitherto lacked that crowning charm-an authentic ghost. The deficiency appears to be supplied at l«st, and the Park may fairly be said to be haunted ? ' The flippancy of this address, and the off hand illusion to Lady Clietwynd, whose name the ma»quis could not yet l.ear with out pain, surprised and disgusted Monk's listeners. He had meant to seem boyish and thoughtless, but he had in reality appeared coarBe and heartless. " Perhaps you can give me some informa tion, Mr. Monk," said the detective, quietiy. " Lord Chetwynd tellB me that you were standing in tho doorway of the conservatory looking out upon the carden upon the fust night of the spectre's appearance, Mr, Monk, and yet you say you saw nothing of her." "Nothing whatever." Just then the butler opened the door, and came in with a yellow envelope upon the salver, which he presented to Mr. Monk, saying, apologetically: »' A telegram, Bir, which a mounted mes senger has just brought over from East bourne, and says is to be delivered, imme diate, air." Monk took up tho envelope and tore it open. It was dated at London that very morn ing, and had been delivered with commend i able promptness. It was brief, containing these words: " The runaway client has turned tap. No harm has been done. All is well. The client will be held until you come. You can . take your own time. The client not being well, cannot be removed uurter a week, and in the meantime you can feel assured, that all is safe. " SCOTSBY & NEWMAN." Monk read the message twice. It was from Flack, his trusted confederate, as he well knew. The form of the message he had hiraacif dictated beforehand" in viewof thlB emergency. He comprehended its meaning, Bernice was safe in tne bands of Flack and Mrs. Crowl. Au evil jjy and exultation flamed up into his swarthy face, and an evil gleam lighted up his small, black eyes. Safol Safe! He could defy old Ragee and her hatred of Lady Chetwynd now. He could dofy Bisset and all Scotland Yard. Bernice and his secret were safo 1 Calming himself by an effort, he said to tho butler: "There's no answer. Here s a half sovereign for tho messenger." Send him to the Chetwynd inn to bait his horse, and tell him to have the bill charged to me. That's all." Ho gave the butler a gold piece, and that functionary depnrtcd. Then for the third time Monk read his letter exultantly. Ho looked up at last with a sense of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carelessly toward '""Have you good news, Gilbert I" asked Lord Chetwynd. " Excellent news, my lord. It s a tele gram from Scotsby ifc Newman, and on business, too. It announces simply that a little speculation I entered into n while since has turned out a success. And of course I'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as I am can afford to laugh even at small suc cesses." , ,, Monk crumpled up his telegram, thrust it in his pocket, and then gave himself up to a few minutes' meditation. He did not deem it wise to proceed im mediately to London. lie desired to watch the movements of the detective ofllcer, and to divert him, if possible, from any approach to the tiuth. He feared that his departure on the very day of Bisset's arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon him self. : As Bernice was safe in the hands of his -allies, and not wp.ll enough to be removed to Mawr Castle, he could afford to wait a week before going on to Bee ber. He felt it necessary to communicate with Flack and Mrs. Crowl immediately, andaa secretly as possible. Accordingly, directly after luncheon, ho went to his own room to write a letter to ' his confederates. Bisset excused himsi/tf, and wandered away by bimBelf. Lord Chetwynd ordered out a pilr of thoroughbreds, and with Tempest went out for a swift gallop through the park and over the estate. Some two hours afterward Chetwynd and Tempest rode slowly through the village of Cbetwynd-by-Sea, and ascended the hill that led to the park. In advance of them s slender, gentlemanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in one gloved band a small cpno, or walking-slick, and smoking a cigar. " It ib My. Bisset," said Tempest. " He's been down to the village." " What can he hope to discover by a visit at the village inn?" said Chetwynd. " He knows his own business, I suppose, how ever. 1 fancy that foppishness of his is a mask he likes to wear because his real nature, which he hides beneath it, is so different." At this moment Bisset, who was still in advance oJ! tbe riders, paused at the omall lower gate of the park, and looked in. Gil bert Monk was in tho very act of opeiiing the gate, having a letter in bis band, which he was conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to tho butler and the post bag. Bisset stepped back, raising his bat to Monk, who thrust his letter in his pocket and came out, securing the gate behind him. At this juncture Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest came up, and reined in their horses. "I see that you have been over to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. " I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystery of the spectre is known to but a very few, and no one outside tho Park, ex cepting Doctor Hartrigbt, of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailiif. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village." J' I beg leave to differ with your lord ship," said Bisset, respectfully. "I have obtained light upon the mystery oven in. the village." The three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. '. I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to be imposed upon, sir," said Monk, with a sneer. " You would do better to concentrate your attentions upon the house maids." Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. He raised bis bat, and moving aside out- of Monk's path, passed on. MoDk went big way toward tbe village, and Chetwynd and Tempest cantered on toward the Park. There was a strange smile on tho Dun dreary face of the detective officer as be daintily picked his way, and proceeded slowly in the direction the marquis and tho explorer had gone. .' How Mr. Monk does despise me, to be sure," he said to himself. " Ho thinks' me a fop cf the first water, a regular swell, you know. But about this mystery-my in terest in it grows upon mo. I have not lost time since I came j of that I'm certain. And I think I've gained something like a clue that will lead me to succcss. Tom Bisset isn't in his dotnge yet." Whistling softly to himself, he passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered slowly up the avenue toward tho mansion. Miss Monk was walking to and fro on tho marble terrace, as was her daily cuBtora. Bisset suspected her identity at once, and stepping back into a deeper shadow caused by the tree she stopped to regard her. 