Safe* mû 9fcette. [NOW FIRST PUDLIBIIED.] A MINT OF MONEY, OR NORMAN GARTRAM'S HEIR. BY GEO. MANVILLE FENN. Author of "Tho Master of thc Ceremonies, ' " Block Blood, or, thc Lass that Loved a Soldier," " Hard to Win, &c.;, &c.;, [ALL BKS1IT8 DESERVED.] AB Claude rose to cross thc room BIIC caught sight of Glyddyr looking back at the windows on leaving thc house, und heard the study bell ring furiously. "Quick, Mary !" she cried, os she rushed through thc door, being under thc impression that her father had hau uuother seizure. Tile relief was so great as she entered the study and found him standing ill the middle of tlic room, that she threw herself in his " I thought you wore taken, ill again," BIIC gasped, as she clung to him, trembling. He was evidently in a fury, but his child's words were like oil upon the tempestuous waves. " You, you thought that?" he said, holding her to his breast and patting her elieeks tenderly. "You thought that, ch? And they say in Danmouth that everybody hates me-that there isn't u soul here who wouldn't like to dance upon my grave." " Papa, dear, don't talk Uko that. " " Why not ! tho ungrateful wretches ! I've maile Danmouth a prosperous place. I spend thousands a year in wages, and the dogs all tum upon mc and arc ready to rend thc hand that feeds them. If they arc not satisticd with their wages they wait till I have some important contract on tho way and then they strike. I haven't patience with them. " " Father !" cried Claude, firmly, " Doctor Asher said you were not to excite yourself in ony way or you would be ill." " And a good thing, too. Better be ill, and die, and get out of the way. Hated-cursed by cvcryliving soul. " Claude clung more tightly to him, laid her head upon his breast, and placed lier liaud across his lips as if to keep hun from speaking. A smile came across thc grim face, but there was no smile in his words as he went on fiercely, after removing thc hand and seeming about to kiss it, but Keeping it in his liana without. " Everything seems to go against mc," he cried. "Mr. Glyddyr-just going-I was seeing him to the door, when, like a block ghost, up starts that woman Sarah Woodham. What does she want?" "I'll tell you, dear, if you will sit down and be calm." " How tho devil can I bc calm ?" he raved, " when I am regularly persecuted by folk like this." But he let Claude press him back into an easy chair, while, feeling that she was better away, Mary Dillon crept softly out of thc room. " Well, then," he said, as if his child's touch was talismanic, and he lay back and closed his eyes. " I'll be calm. Bnt you don't know Claude, you can't tell how I'm persecuted. I'm robbed right and loft." " Papa ! My dear father, you are as rich as ever you can bc, so what docs it matter ?" " Who says I'm rich ? Nonsense ! Absurd ! And then look at thc worries I hove. All the troublo and inquest over that man's death, and through his sheer cross obstinacy." " Why bring that up again, father dear." " Don't say father. Call mc papa. When- ever you begin fathering mc, it means that you are going to preach at mc and bully mc, and have your way." "Then, papa, dear, why bring that up again ?" "I didn't. It's brought up and thrust under my very nose. Why is that woman here ?" " Papa-" ' "Now it's of no usc Claude, that man regularly committed suicide out of opposition to mc. He destroyed a BIOUC worth at least a hundred pounds by using that tearing dynamite which smashes everything to pieces, and then forsooth he charges me with his dying breath with murdering him, and thc wretched pack under him take up tho cry and bark as he did. Could anything bc more unreasonable ?" " No, dcor, of course not. But the poor fellow was mad with agony and despair. It was so bombie for him, a hale strong man, to be cut down in a moment." "He cut himself down. It would not have happened if he had done os I ordered." ' ' You must forgive nil that now. Ho knew no better ; and as for thc workmen, yon know how easily they are influenced ono way or the other." "Oh, yes, I know them; and now this woman's herc begging." " No, papa, dear." " I say she is. I could soc it in her servile shivering way, as soon as she caught iny eye ; now look here, Claude, I shan't give her a shilling." Claude clung a little more closely to her father, nestling as it were in his breast. " Well," he said, testily, " why don't you go ?" " My father is the leading man in this neighbourhood," said Claude, hi a soft, dreamy tone, "and the people don't know tho good- ness of his heart as 1 do." "Now, Claudie, I won't have it. You arc beginning to preach at mc, and give mc a dose of morals. My heart hos grown os hard as granite." "No, it hos not," said Claude, kissing his veined hand. "It is as soft and good as ever, only you try to make it hard, and you say things you do not mean." " Ah, now?" he shouted, "yon are going to talk about that Lisle, and I will not have his cursed name mentioned in the-" " I was not going to talk about Christopher Lisle," said Claude in the same gentle, murmuring voice, whoso tones seemed to soothe and quiet him down, " I was going on to say that I want the people-thc weak, ignorant, easily-led people-about herc to love and venerate my dear father's name." "And they will not, do what you will. Thc more you do for them, thc less self- help- ful they are, and the more they revilo and curse. Why, if I was ruined to-morrow, after they've eaten my bread for years, I believe they'd light a bon-hrc and have a dance." "No, no, no, no," murmured Claude. " You have done too much good for them.-' " I haven't. You did it all, you hussy, and pretended it was, I" he said grimly, as hu played with her glossy hair. " I did it with your money, dear, mid I nm your child. I acted as I knew you would act if you thoroughly knew the circumstances, but you had no time. What is the usc of having so much money if no good is done ?" "For ungrateful people." " Wc are taught to do good for evil, dear." "What! for a race of thieves who arc always cursing and reviling us ? There, I'm busy and tired, Claudie. I've listened to your moral lesson very patiently, and now I want to lie at rest. But I forbid you to help that wretched woman. She and her husband always hated me. Confound 'cm, they were always insulting nie. How dare they actually publicly insult mc-in that miserable little chapel." " Insulted you ? What do you mean ?" " Why, they prayed for me, hang 'cm !" " Oh, father dear !" " There you go again. Papa-papa-papa. Don't forget that wc do belong to thc aristocracy ofter all. Now go and send that dreadful woman away." " I cannot, dear." " Cannot ?" "No, papa. She has como to stay." " Sarah Woodham ? To stay? Here?" " Yes, dear. Poor thing : BIIC is left penniless almost, for Woodburn did not save." " No, of course, not They nono of them do." : "He spent ail ho hod to sparc," continued Claude in tho same gentle murmuring tone, os she pressed her father's hand to her cheek. " Everything he could scrape together he gave to tho poorer church people." " Yes, I know, iu his bigoted way to teach mo what to do. And don t keep on rubbing your chook against my hand. Anyone who saw you would think you were a cat." "So, papa dear, as we want a good, trust- worthy woman in tho house, ami Sarah was with us so long, and knew our ways so well, I arranged for lier to come back to her old post.' "Claude!" " Yes, dear, and these years of her married life and tho sad end will be to her like a mournful dream." Norman Gartram mnde an angry gesturo, but Claude's arin stole round his neck, her Hps pressed his as she half lay upon his breast, and with the tears gently falling and hanging like pearls in his grisly beard, she said in a low, swcot volco : "And some day, father dear, ut thc lost, as she thinks of what an asylum this has boen to her, she will go down to her grave praisbig your name for all thc good that you have doue, und this will make mc very happy, dear, and so it will you." There was a long silence in the room, ami Norman GartramV face seemed to grow less ragged, and it was as if there was something of llic same look as that in his child's when, with a tender kiss upon his hand, she felt his arms and half-playfully said : " Am I to go and and Bend Sarah Woodburn away ?" . ,"No," he said, hastily, RS his old look returned. " You arc as bad us you'ro poor, dear mother, every bit. No," bc cried, with an angry Hush, " I won't do that though. Not a farthing of my money shall go towards paying for that man's fuueiul." " Father dear-" "Papa." "Then, papa dear," said Claude quietly, " I have paid everything connected with poor Woodhain'e funeral ?" " You liave." "Yes, you arc very generous to me willi money, and I had plcuty to do that. " " \ es, and stinted yourself in clothes. You don't dress half well enough. Well, there, it's done now, and we can't alter it. I sup- pose these people will think it was my doing." " Yes, dear. "Of course. Well as to this woman, keep her and nurse and pamper her, and pay her thc largest wages you can, and mark my words, my pet, she ll turn round and worry us for what wc have done." " I have no fear, dear. I know Sarah Woodham too well, and I can do anything I like with her." "Yes, as you can with mo, you hussy," he cried. " Puke-King-why I'm like water with you, Claude. But," he cried shaking a finger at her, "there ure tilings though in which I mean to have my way." Claude flushed up, aud a hard look come into her eyes. Hut no more was Baid then. CHAPTER XH.-MADAME DENISE. " What the deuce brought you here ?" " Train my boy. Saw in the shipping news that the Fair Star was lying in Danmouth. Felt a bit seedy, and knew that you would give mc a berth aboard, aud herc I am." "So I see." "Well don't be so horribly chid, dear boy. Dou't go out of your mind and embrace mc ! I hate to bc kissed by a mon ; it's so horribly French." "Don't be a fool." "Certainly not, but you seemed to be in such raptures to meet mc that I was obliged to protest." " Now, look herc, Gellow, it's not of thc slightest usc for you to hunt mc about thc country. I have no money, and I can't pay." " I never said a single word about money, dear boy." "No, but you look money, and think money, and smell of money. Good heavens, mun, why don't you dress like a gentleman, mid not come down to the seaside like the window of a pawnbroker's shop. " " Dress like a gentleman, su1 ? Why I am dressed like a gentleman. These arc real diamond studs, sir. First water. Rings, chain, watch, everything of thc very best. Never catch mc wearing sham. Look at those cufi'studB. As fine emeralds as you'd see." " Rab ! Why dou't you wear a diamond collar and a crown. I believe you'd like to hang yourself in chains." "My dear Glyddyr, how confoundedly nasty you can be to thc best friend you've got in tho world." " Best enemy ; you arc always hunting me for money." " Yes, and goiug back poorer. You arc such a one to wheedle a fresh loan." " Yes, at a hundred per cent." " Tchou ! Nonsense ! But I say, nothing wrong about thc lady, is there !" "Hold your tongue, and mind your own business, sir." "Well, that is my business, you reckless young dog. If you don't make a rich match where shall I bc ?" " Herc, what are you doing?" .' Ringing thc bell, dear boy." "What for?" " Well, that's cool. I have come all this way from town, had no end of trouble to run you down at your hotel, and then you think I don't want any breakfast." " Yes, sir." " Mr. Glyddyr wants breakfast in directly. Herc, what have got ? No, never mind what you've got. I'll have broiled chicken and a sole. A fresh chicken cut up, mind ; none of your week old cooked stales, mind. Coffee and brandy. Mr. Glyddyr's order, you know." Tile waiter glanced at Glyddyr where he sat pretending to read the paper, and receiving a short nod lie loft thc room. " Now, once more, why have you come down? " First and foremost I have picked up three or four good tips for Newmarket. Chances for you to moke a pile. " " You are very generous," sneered Glyddyr. " Your tips have not turned out so very rosy so far." " Well, of course it's speculation. Have a cigar ?" Glyddyr made an impatient gesture. " Then I will. Give mc an appetite for the dejoonay." He lit a strong cigar that had an East Loudon aroma, and went on chatting as he lolled back in his chair, and played with his enormously thick watchchain. " A smoke always gives me an appetite ; spoils some people's. Well, you won t take the tills ?" "No ; I've no money for betting." "Happy to oblige you, dear boy. Eh? Nol All right. Glad you are so independent. * It's going on bloomingly then ?" " What do you mean ?" " The miller's lovely daughter," sang thc visitor, laughingly. "I mean the stone- mason's. " Glyddyr muttered an oath between hU teeth. " Hush ! Don't swear, dear boy-the waiter." For at that moment thc man brought in thc breakfast, busied himself for a few minutes till all M'as ready, and left thc room. " That's your sort," said Glyddyr's visitor, settling himself at thc table. "Won't join mc, I suppose ? Won't have au echo ?" " What do you mean ?" "Second breakfast. Eh? No? All right. Hali 1 Very appetising after a long journey -confoundedly long journey. You do put up in such out of thc May spots. Quite hard to find." "Then stop away." " No, thanks. Now look herc, Glyddyr, dear boy, what's thc usc of your cutting up rusty when wc arc obliged to l ow so much iu the same boat ?" " Curse you ! I'd like to throw you over- board," Bnarled Glyddyr. "Of course, you would, my dear fellow, but yot see you oau't. Rather an awkward remark though that, when I'm coming for a cruise with you in the yacht;-my yacht." Glyddyr crushed up the newspaper into a ball, and cast it into thc cornor of the room." " What's thc matter, old man ? I say, what a delicious sole ! Ever catch any on tho yacht J" Thc sound of Glyddyr's teeth grating could be plainly heard. " Bc no good to throw me overboard to feed tito fishes, my dear boy. I'm thoroughly well insured lroth as to money-and protection," be added, meaningly. " Hope this fiBh was not fed in that peculiar way. Theil I Capital coffee ! Now then talk. I can eat and listen. How is it going on with the girl ?" " Reuben Geltow, your insolence is insuffer- able." " My dear Hollow, I muBt have a thou to- morrow !" said thc visitor, mockingly. " Your words, dear hoy, when you want inoucy ; thc other when you don't want money. What a contrast ! Well, I don't care. Capital butter this ! It shows mc that everything is progressing well with the pretty heiress, and that Parry Glyddyr, Esquire, will pay his debts liku a gentleman. Come, old fellow, dou't twist about in your chair like a skinucd cel. " " Curse you, who skinucd me V" "Not I, dear boy. Half a dozen had had a tum at you, and that lovely cpi-what- you niay-call-it of yours was hanging upon you in rags. 1 only stripped the rest oír, so ns to give you a chance to grow a new one, and I'm helping you to do it as fast us you can. Come, don't cut up rough. Bc civil, and I'll keep you going in style so that yon can mam* her all right, and have two children and live happy ever after. " " Look here," said Glyddyr, getting up and pacing thc room furiously, while his visitor cahny discussed his breakfast. " You have something under all this, so open it out." " No, dear boy, only the natural desire to see how you arc getting on. You owe me " Curso what I owe you !" "No, no, don't do that. Pay it." " You know I cannot." " Till you've made a good marriage, and you cannot live in style and make a good marriage without my help, my dear Glyddyr." " You and your cursed fraternity hold plenty of security, so leave me in peace." " I will, dear boy ; but I want my trifle of money, and you arc not getting on os fast as 1 could wish, so I've come to help you." "Come to rum inc, you mean." " Wroug. I have my cheque book in my pocket, and if you want a few hundred to carry on the war, herc they are." " At the old rato," sneered Glyddyr. " No, my dear fellow. I must have a little more. The risk is big." "Yes. Might fail; and blow out my brains." " Ex-actly ! How I do like this country cream !" Glyddyr threw himself into his seat with a crash. "That was all a metaphor," he said, bitterly. " What way, dear boy ?" " About the Devil and Dr. Faustus." " Of course it was. Why?" " Faustus was some poor devil hard up, and the other was not a devil at all, but some confounded money-lender. It was a bill Faustus accepted, not a contract." " I daresay you are right, Glyddyr. Have a drop of brandy ? Eh? No? Well, there's nothing like a chame, with a good' breakfast, and this is really prime." " Well, I'll grin and bear it till I'm free," said Glyddyr. " You want to know how I am getting on. You need not Btay." "But I want a change ; and I can help you, perhaps." " You'll quash the whole affair if you stay herc. Once it is so much as suspected that I am not as well off as I waB-" " That you are au utter beggar-I mean a rum beggar." " Do you want me to wring your neck ?" " The neck of thc goose that lays the golden eggs ? No ; they don't kill geese that way." " Tho whole adair will be off." " Old man's a rum one isn't he?" " How do you know ?" "How do 1 know?" said Gellow, with a quiet chuclSc. "That's my business. I know everything about yon, my dear boy. I have a great personal interest in your pro- ceedings, and every move is reported to me." " And to make matters worse, you have yourself come down to play the spy." "Not a bit of it, my dear Glyddyr; but you have cursed and bullied mc at such a tremendous rate, that as I have you on tho hook, I can't help plaguing you a little." " Oh !" snarled Glyddyr, furiously. " But, all the same, I am thc best friend you have in the world." " It's a lie !" "Is it? Well, wc shall see. I want yon to marry King Gartram's daughter, and I'll let you have all you want to carry it out. And, by-thc-way, herc arc three letters for you." He took the letters out of his pocket-book, and handed them to Glyddyr. "There you are: Parry Glyddyr, Esq., care of Reuben Gellow, Esq., 2Ü9, Cccil strcet, Strand." , " Why, they've been opened !" " Yes, all three-and read." " You scoundrel !" roared Glyddyr. " Do Î'ou dare to sit there and tell me that you lave had the effrontery to open my letters and read them ?" "I didn't tell you so." " But you have read them !" " Every linc." " Look here, sir," cried Glyddyr, rising fiercely, " I found it necessary to have my letters sent to an agent." " Reuben Gellow." " To be forwarded to mc where I might be yachting." "So os to throw your creditors of tho scent." "And you, acting as my agent, have read them." " In your interest, dear boy." "Curse you ! I don't care what happens now. All is at an end between us, you miserable !" " Go it, old follow, if it does you good ; but I didn't open the letters." " Then, curse you, who did ?" " Denise." {To bc Continued.) 