Story Mtmn, The Torn Fan. Concluded mom Yemkodav's Issue 'Tho three miles were quiokly traversed," eontiuued Hark Oleyion. "The baronet oh' reaching Wolthome was acknowledged on all sides. He was, I found a good friend to tho people in thiB quaint old village, and the meeting on the green was more a matter of form than anything. He made a homely vigorous speooh, painting oat that his own political party was the only one from -which the electors oonld expest any benefit. There were enthusiastic cheers for SirPoroy, a resolution of confidence in him was passed without a dissentient, and after the baronet had, according to his onstom, passed round the loving oup to his friouds and supporters, at the Tiger's Head, tho obief inn, that swung his family orest on its sign, we were soon on oar way to the manor. " It was a grand old plaoe, this grey stone, ivy. olad mansion. It stood on the erost of a hill, end faotd westward. When I oaoght the first glimpBO of it I could not avoid an exolsma- tion ot enrprisi at its boauty. "'Pretty plaoe, isn't it ?' said tho baronet, proud of his home. ' I would stick to it if I hadn't a penny.' " It was a pretty plaoe. the prettiest plaoe I had ever seen. Its windows were dazzling with the ruby and golden hues of sunset, its stonework was so mellowed by time and weather-heatrn that it reminded me of Sohiller's Baying, ' What is grey with age becomes re ligious.' The facade of the mansion was relieved with many sonlptnred dovioes, abont some of whioh the ivy crept;-, but what arrested my attention the most after we had driven throngh the big park, and walked along the wide garden path to the manor entranoe, was the family orest over the doorway — three tigers' heads, so marvellously chiselled by the eonlp- tor's skill that instead of being mero stone they looked alive— tetribly savage, and jnst as if abont to spring on their prey. " I don't know whether yon have ever had a fresentiment of coming peril, bnt I certainly ad when I saw those tigers' heads. "It's a grand orest,' said Sir Percy, noticing that I was looking at the portioo. 'Those ligershave frightened many a vagrant — made him back out without ever ringing the hell or asking sIiub.' "No donbt,' I said, shuddering, 'it's lucky for us they're not alive.' " Onoe across the threshold of the mansion iny strange fear died ont. My host was kindly, considerate, and had the good taste not to bore me with politics. ' Make yourself at horn?,' said Bir Poroy, and I did. The 7 o'clook dinner, served in the wainscoted and tapestried dining- room, was a tempting one, and I did justice to it after my fast. No ono was present exoept the baronet, his danghter Margaret, and my self. "The baronet, like a fine old English gentle man, drank port, and became so drowsy after dinner that be apologised for nodding over his wine — quitted the table, and was soon asleep in hieessv ehair. " Sir Peroy's daughter was not at all em barrassed. 'Never mind papa, Mr. Clayton,' she said, a smile lighting up her dark, hand some face. ' He always goeB to sleep after dinner, and often says if everybody could have an afternoon nap, there would not be half so much politioal turmoil in the oounlry.' « He is a shrewd judge of his fellow-men,' I replied. ' There is a good deal of philosophy, ns well as truth, in what he says.' " 'Yes,' she added, 'Papa is clever; he says the most beautiful things sometimos, but he has very strange fads. Ho will never put on a new suit of clothes until tho butler has danced upon them, as he says, to take the new ness off. He is so fond of insesta that if he oame across a rare one he puts it in his waistcoat pocket, and his sister Dorothy, who was stay ing with ns last autumn, went into hysterias one day on seeing a beetle leisurely orawliug across bis white vest. Buckland, the naturalist, was only a tyro oompared to him. You will eee to-morrow what curious things Sir Percy keeps cagad up on the south side of the mansion — he bos turned the basement story of the manor on that aide into a hind of menagerie, so that his pets may get plenty of Bunlight.' "I b.'gsn to think Sir Peroy was some what erratic, even for an English baronet of tho old school ; still, his whims troubled me little. I discovero! that I was thinking a good deal more about Sir Percy's daughter than abont Sir Percy. I felt that Madame de.Stael's saying with regard to love wsb untrue— that with this girl love would not bo merely on episode in my life, but my life'B history. I don't know how old she was — perhaps 2U,. perhaps 30. If 30, time had tonohed her gently, and she was a proof of the saying that a good woman never grows old. It was, of oonrse, ridiculous, a gross negleot of duty — to go falling in love with the graceful figure and handsome faoe of the baroaet's daughter, instead of pumpiug the baronet for faots abont the politioal situation ; still it was very pleasant, and I was sorry — aad— when the girl, so cultured and yet so comely, bade me Rood night,' and retired with a smile on her faoe, and jnst the least snspioion of heightened oolonr on her oheehs. It was with ns (any 'student of hnman nature would have said so) a case of suddenly awakened mutual love. f'Tho baronet did not believe in sadden awakening. He snorad on, now he gave a great sigh ; then I heard him mntter 'That fool has . no ohanoe,' referring, no donbt, to his politioal opponent. The expression relieved .him'. He Blept more peaoefnUy— too soundly to' snore. Bnt I did not find the sleeping baronet very entertaining; and feeling rather ooneoience-strioken about my work, went to my room, determined to write a little, at any rate, of Sir Peroy'e speech iu readiness for the printers, and come down again lator, if the baronet inquired for his guost. My room was on the seoend story— a oosy room, with quaint furniture aud draperies. The large old-fashioned bedstead, with its faded canopy of crimson velvet, must have rested some weary king in the past— it looked jnst like a state bed. Perhaps King Charles slept.in it, I thought, not long before he felt the touoh of -the grim headsman's axe— " What .was that ? " I listened, tcrror-strioken. It was ooming along the dark corridor. Something was ooming. I knew not what ; but I knew my heart had been oheohed by terror in its vigorous heating — that the icy ohdl of fear bad swept through me. When I first heard the scund I was standing at the foot of tho state bsd, getting my notebook out of my travelling bag, with the intention of sitting down to write. I had not moved sinoa. I was staring with affright (if you will) at the . opeu doorway. "Nearer and nearer oame the mysterious sound. "It was the gentlest foot fall I had ever heard. It reminded me of a little ohiid walk ing along the oorridor with stookinged feat ; hat how different was tho form I was to bohold. "It was abreast tho doorway now — not a ghost — no ; bnt a huge Afrioan lion, with its fierce eyes glaring with rage and its mane swaying to and fro with the angry motion of its long, powerful body. It was ono of Sir Peroy's pets that had lashed itBelf to f nry in its struggles to get free, and was now prowling hungrily about tbo mansion. "How near death seemed to me at that moment yon may imagine ; yet the lion, dazzled perhaps by the fight oast by the wax tapors in my room, passod on — did not offer to nttaok me, possibly never saw mo. \- " Along the oorridor went the savage boast. X followed, and Baw the king of the forest (hideously ont of plaoe here) ehoulder its way through tho half-opon door into the library. '. " A terrible soream rang through tho manor. > "1 rushed into the room. Oh God ! what a sight. On the oarpot on all fours was the liou, c ouehiug, preparing to spring on the girl I loved more than life. I was too late to save her. Sho had half risen from tho oouoh. In her left baud was a volume of Tennyson. Her right hand was wildly grasping a lovely fan— a black fan bright with golden stars— that fan . " The girl, with livid faoe, watobed tho lion. Suddenly there was n horriblo, quick, relent less movement, aud tho baronot'B daughter was on the ground, tho maddened beast tearing at her breast with its claws. " Tliero were many foul doedB douo in oideu times in tho name of ohivalty ; but I prayed far the soul of tho knight whoso sbiuiug armour stood in silent dignity in that library. Madl/t 4 sprang towards it— snatohed the 'sword from" the 'olumsy gauntlot, seized the lion by the mane, and plunged the crusader's steel through its heart. Then I fell senseless with the last blow from tho dying lion's paw. "Of the panio, dread, and grief, In tho old manor I knew nothing. For days 1 lay de lirious in the state bod. wrestling withirhosts. attacking lions, and hanntod by tho livid faoe of the terror-striokon girl jnst as I had soon it in reality on that terrible night, and sometimes in my delirium I oonld fool the lion's hot breath on my oheeks ; sometimes seo its blood-atiiued olaws tearing at a girl's fair bosom. "It was long— many weeks— before I re gained my reason to find — what do you think ?" ' , he asked with trembling voice. "Oh; thoharonot's daughter anxious tabs your wife," I Baid as lightly as I oould. " No," he went on, great sobs shaking his frame, " she was dead. She lingered only a few hours after the savage beast's attiok, and lies in the little yew-shaded ohurohyard near the manor, with the orusader's sword by her side, and tho lion's skin for a shroud." " A dreadful ending to yonr love story," I. Baid sadly. " Yob, he added sobbing. " Here is her first and last message to me : Tell Mark I loved him dearly. He's as bravo as a lion. May God prosper htm. Give him tho torn fan with my love ' " Sir Peroy — who made short work of his wild beast pets — shut up the manor, wont away grief- strioken, broken- hearted, on foreign travel ; and yesterday, the anniversary of my beloved one's orael death, I receivod from his hankers the torn fan, and out of its tattered folds a paper fell — a oheqne for a larger amount than ever occurred to me in my wildest dreams of wealth ; hut, though it sonnds like arrant folly, I oannot touoh it — it seems like tho price of her blocd !— Sheffield Weekly Independent. 