A LEGEND OP 'HATJNTED' GULLY. (By 'William Sylvester Walkek.) AUNTED Gully was M h a u n t e d 110 longer. Tho two original prospectors who had named the plucfe hud been absorbed, and almost forgotten in tho concourse of diggers, whose new log huts, claims, -? and constantly agitated windlasses be spoke tlie eviction of tlio genus loci, ' tofn'nK ttmo r\nr\n1or1 u C1ir\r\r»onrl fn Ki'nflfl ',UV' 'IW vw over the buried gold of tiiis deep and densely-wooded ravine. l-Yench Billy had explained tlie early existing error attached to the locality, and I confess that the hitherto secluded spot was rifled of its charms as lie did so. 'You see,' said he, with much excite ment,, ' those two- fellows work like niggers, two-tree-week, when they go to the township and 'drink cognac, plenty — too much — then come hack in the night, fall down, roll down tlie gully, lose their swags — then they say the place is hanted — ghosts take away their things. Sacri ! they get drunk, that's all. Considering thnt Billy, on his first pilotage of myself to the Gully, had pointed out a swag reposing against a tree, half way down one of tlie sides of the great rift, where it had apparently been brought to a sudden stop in its downward career, and reflecting also that we discovered that same afternoon ' a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a pick-handle, at various points, and that when after infinite pains we had carricd these articles aud our own tools to tho prospector's hut, half way up the other side of tlie ravine, wa ha'd been received with smiles and unlimited otters of battle-axe, I came to the conclusion that Billy was right. As to the pros pectors, they didn't care. They were on good gold, and had probably spread the ? report of ghostly thieves to scare away intruders. But sticking so constantly to the same place was against them. Thoy wore watched aud the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of five had run up a substantial log hut, and were living in clover, retiring to rest ill. our bunks at night literally tired out, and — oil, delightful life — dreaming of unearthing the largest nngget ever heard of. With tha exception of never knowing fjwhat Jemmy, our new chum partner, ijwould be up to next, our lines had indeed chancel upon pleasant places, Valid when tlie pudding machine was ^finished wo considered that we should |be able to make plenty of tribute money, Seven if our own claim turned out to be a duffer. It w.is 110 sinecure, this looking after . Jemmy, You couldn't - trust him to work for more than Ion minutes at a timo' without flinging ? down his shovel and rushing oil' like a maniac to wash a prospect. lie had already set fire to tiie hut, and bad demolished a valuable 'possum rug in his eflorts to put it oat again. Lie had boiled all the Itoi-n handles oil' our knives and forks, and had got bushed nine times, when all hands had fio turn out with lidttlelan turns to find him. Our Sundays were generally quiet, sometimes varied by a long prospecting walk with some experienced digger, who would read gold-sign in tlio rain runlets like a book, and beguile tho way with divers stories of digging life, and tlie evening generally saw our party, seated in conclave, sometimes reading, some times singing, but always ready to rush ?into the all-absorbiii' topic — eold-tind- ing, at the slightest hint from any one. ; It was on thftse occasions that our sanctum would bo invaded by diggers, with specimens — nuggets, crystallised quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I remember seeing two sapphires that had been picked out of tlie tailings from the cradles, but we did not then know the value, or even the identity of many of the atones — all hands would gather round, and minutely examine them, and .yarns would be spun of old days — B011- digo and Walhalla old days, until we felt refreshed and satisfied. At othor times our Sundays would be uneventful until 'Sauerkraut' dropped in to en liven them. Of course, Sauerkivut was not his real name. No one ever owned up to a real name 011 the diggings — ' Bill tho Painter,' 'Jack tho Butcher,' or ' Swanliill Jem,' were good enough for US. We always answered to them. I daresay some of us forgot occasionally both christian and surname, or only surmised, in a sort of half-doubting won derment that wii had onco owned such a title, together 'with a silk hat. and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far-oil' existence, as it were. Hans Ilaupuiann was tho name given by his godfather and godmother to tho indi vidual in c(uestiou, but French Billy had rechristened him, under th« in fluence of Martell's brandy, and tho cognomen had adhered like sticking plaster. With all his quaint, foreign ways, Sauerkraut was beloved in Haunted Gully. No one could look upon his friendly, honest Teutonic face, beaming upon everyone, without feeling ti thrill of interest in the man himself. He had \- only one fault, lie was a victim to deep sinking — not gold-mining tlibugh he had experienceda plethora of that also — : but lie \vus given to sudden spasmodic outbursts of hard drinking. 'It tout matter boys,' lie would say, when remonstrated with by his friends, who had pulled him through a sharp alcoholic attack. 'It dont matter, I lmf none left in de vorldt to care for me, and mein leotle fraulein sho is ted, and the grass grow greon above her grave in de Liebonwalde, I see mine fault as well as you, but it tont matter.' Sauerkraut had worked his claim with varying success, always hutting, or in othor words, living alone.. Good luck invariably ended in a carouse, and he would emerge from a bout as one who had come back from the dead. He had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from tho former ho could evoke such sweet and solemn strains, that his solitudo was solitude no longer, and many a digger, passing his rude ,hut on the hillside after nightfall would pause aud listen, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated : breath, that ' Sauerkraut was on tho picolo again,' stroll on in meditative mood. Tho other friend was a rough but sympathetic dog, named Schneider. As we turned away one night and de scended the zigzag track down the gully the strains of the resuscitated man's flute stole gently on our ears and senses, tho air, that sweet, pathetic, American melody, — ' Way down upon de Swan nee riber, ?Happy was I. seeming to incorporate itself with the rustling of the leaves and the chirp of the tree crickets and to harmonise with the twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening until it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled . and reckless license of an Australian digging camp. ' Apprehending 110 evil consequences we had left a bottle oE three star Hen nessy for him to taper on, for Sauerkraut was not a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered he would not touch the fatal beverage for months to gether. When able to shoulder pick and shovel lie always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sun days, his eye bright and his skin clear. Even Schneider was a different dog ou these occasions, and dictated and wrote out volumes of canine affection on the door with, his tail. The only apprehen sion which seem to exist in Schneider's mind — for there is no doubt he pos sessed one — was brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Then ho shrank apparently into his shaggy skin, and be came more like a door-mat than a dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a dram, after the first hospitable oiler we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us, and by desire would produce bis flute and while away the time delightfully.' From time to time as tiie months and weeks rolled 011 he would drop 111 casually, leaving some times a present of wild honey fresh in the comb, at others, a w;il)aby or a brace of wild duck. About three months after the occa sion to which 1 have alluded Sauerkraut disappeared, and it was conjectured that his wandering habits had prevailed , upon him to leave the camp and prospect in some remote, locality. Conjecture gave place to certainty after a visit to his hut, where it was discovered that he had taken his gun, pick, shovel, and s'wug, leaving a note tacked to the door containing the following information in his well-known Gerumn characters : — 1; s, — 1 have g ine to prospect tho Cleve land tlanges ami don't reckon to be back for a fortnight. The only way to these ranges ? lay through almost impenetrable ' ti-treo scrub, so thick that a track must be cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one even room to crawl 011 all-fours through it. But as wo knew the traveller would , not have to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey from Haunted Gully, so we felt anxious 110 longer, and soon grew accustomed to . the absence of our friend.' One evening, as we were sitting in cheery confabula tion, however, we were startled by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never before or since has there been such a dog. Ho was footsore, half blind, draggled, torn, and bleeding. Finding that SauerkriHut did not turn up with him, as we expected, we became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appeared strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, moaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. We-fed him, and lie devoured tho food raven ously. Then ' I10 drank eagerly, but every now and thori rushed to tlie door, ?and finally, conductod himself in such an outrageous fashion that wo concluded that some accident had happened to his master; so getting our bottle lanterns we let him out, late as it was, and followed him. From our log cabin lie went to his master's abode. Once there, with moio than canine sagacity, lie 'howled and rushed forward on the track leading away from it. Then dashing back and barking, he plainly showed us that wo were to follow. We emerged from tlie gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the long dark hours 011 to a small pISin. Before us, kissed by the sun, lay the Cleveland Ranges some ten miles oil'. -At tho end of tho plaiu, ti-tree scrub rose like a solid wall, stretching away side ways and ahead, as far as tho eye could reach. The inist was rolling away in phantom columns, and we knew that the work before usj was no child's play. Schneider went straight to tho ti tree. For the next six miles we struggled through a track freshly cut in tho scrub, in some places having to crawl for long distances ; but at length getting through, stiff, cramped, bruised, and utt rly exhausted, we came to tlio watershed ®f a lovely creek, fringed with flowering eucalypti, ablaze with gorgeous parrots. The dog took us to a rude bark gunyah, Inside lay Sauerkraut dead — a shot wound in his breast. In the stiffened fingers of his left, hand was his pocket-book open whoro these linos were pencilled : — ' I. have accident mit my gun. I fall — she shoot me. In the creek look. T.t is ruby .tin — there is thousands.' Here the writ ing broke of!'. Death had olaiaed his victim. And within twenty yards of the corpse, tho gleaming laughing ?. waters wantoned over the very richest ?. stream tin yet discovered under this Southern Cross.' What Sauerkraut had . found, , and perished in finding, provod to be a mine of wealth to hundreds of diggers and speculators, and 011 the spot, where he died, a granite column, surrounded by an iron railing, bears tho incription , HANS HAUPTMANN, PlJEIllEIt PlONEEn A -40 PoUNDEU OF CLEVELAND TOWNSHIP. It is needless to say that we( took care of Schneider, but a settled melon.-.' choly pervaded his being, and he became a changed dog, and end morning, on going out of the hut, I found him 'pulseless, cold, and stiff in the cauly sun rays. Ha had been faithful unto death. \ 