SOME CURIOUS INVEINTONS. Acontributor to tie New L;1k 1lorld has been amusing himself by runinamging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Otlice at Washington. Many of bhem are amusing, and some decidedly crazy. .IA 'nxCTIC:-lE BAtY AND A eIA.ISTIC COW. There are, perhaps (the writer tells ui) two thousand toy? in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities.is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented by a German, and it consists' of a' d(ll babvy sittin on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which rnuns into the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pan. By means of a hsphon, which comes out through the doll's head, machinery is set to work by which the doll begins to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much the I name order is the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. The inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the satme as that of the real cow, and he has in addi tion an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while being milked. PATENT CATS. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 18i4. It is a cat of paste-board or tin for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be ma#e in a sitting posture, and it is painted ovr with phosphorus, so that it shines in tli dark like a cat of fire. Another eat, equalle funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and has a bellows inside it which swells up its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight catervwaulcrs, and it has in addition steel claws and teeth. Yon wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and its noisoned claws kill every one it strikes. sOBCITiO ITENS TO ItLY EGGS. There is a patent machine here for foreilg liens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens' nests have five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails: The most curious among them, however, it the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjastable falso tail forluores. ADrYsTArLE PtULPITS. Thelover'a gate consists of a gate which will awine both ways, and which can bw lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same urinciple is the adjust able pulpit, which ivill fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit rms lip and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacrher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. \- EtATIFUL cSNEs. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose-improver is one of the most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which arc connected by a hinge. The shapo of itsinside is that of a perfectnose, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as. you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warni water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the imn prover is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, tha operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the. improver. At the end of eight weeks you have a- jrd-nc. w noso,.which remnins. 'itl: foni- aniil?ou get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. ACeTIFICtI. ,mIIOwSS. Luminous harness tas been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away girave-robbers. After every peat grave-robbery metallic collins come in by the score, and I looked at one coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos sible to move it except by a derrick. 