Crumbs. Go. Quit. Bain. Retribution. • "Princes3Ida-" .- Political humbugs. - Hope 1 ecs confusion. Marvellous muddle. TTrfaithful servants. Poll day for Yatala. Burgoj ne's bundling. Garner's on Sa!.(irday. OrotavaoS to London. *' Lead, kindly. Li^ht." Depart to the le't hand. Who deceived the House? Clear out the pigeon hoi's. First Hall£ concert to-n : <rht. Cardinal Newman has departed. Barometer at noon to-day. 29*62. Lively meeting at the Port to-night. Mr. Howe is in political quarantine. A tout should not set up as a lawyar. An intellectual giant has passed away. , Divorce cases art now the order of the -day. Sir T. Elder's bust wDl arrive by the Oroyp. Winter is like t*ie Ministry—objaots to go out. Trains with business men should ran punctually. The Cockbara Surprise Party's last appearance. Civ .1 Servants won't play with strong Ministers." The .Governor had; a birthday party last' night. - What has Mr. Todd to say to all this wet 1 weather? Ignorance is a crime to those paid to find out knowledge. Dr. Cockborn is familiar with the terms of the motion. Theo. thought he had made a hit, but was clean bowled. Po^ltiy, Canary, Cat and Dog Show entries * cVtie to-niiht. Entries for the Dojgiea' and Chuckles' Show close to-night. The Budget w ill have to give place to the no-oonfiden^e. An incendiary IB baunt'ng the Melbourne Gaiety Theatre. Lord Hopetoun'a sisters will step over-and see their b .-other. It is not the Silver Age with the Ministiy, but the Dark Age. There is to t 3 a doll show next month. Truth started the idea. HouLeboTders wi'l not feel inclined to -pay 25B. extra for their ooaL - Not evei t v at much-paraded word, ** Democrat," should cave them. The Matrimonial Xfern editor Tis :pt proof against bre. oh of promise. The Chief Secretary opened with satisfaction * that no agreement existed. No Govemrreut at e'l would ba batter than.•*• this go-as-you-plea .e team. Those Barrier agreements stand bp Iikiv •ghosts be'ore the Ministry. Sir Charles Hall6 is pleased with Australia's . appreciation of good music. Mr. Stock iB as irritating in his interrogations as a cunning mosquito. ' The Opposition has the cream of the abilityand experience of Parliament. Mr. Grainger was too late in the : day with :his Select Committee business. > XHmng the last few years musical culture " has advanced with rap'd strides. The Trades and Labour Council will find no better friend than Honest Tom. The Treasurer was to full of th&iBudgek.; that he said not a word y- sterday. . ' Sun rose at 6*44 a.m.; sets at 6.25 p.m-. Moon rose at 5.13 a.m.; sets at S.5 p.m. Both North-terrace and Union ParBp-hents have no-confidence mol'-ons before them. The visit of Sir Charles and Lady Hall6 imarks ah epoch in our musical history. The Admiralty watchincr the progreas of the •exper'.nr its vt Ith Mr. Murphy's toipedo. \- It is hoped that the undelivered'"Budget, -speech wi'l not make the Treasurer bilious. A good many of the Commercial Bank creditors have good hearts and oommon sense. What's the use of a Premier who cannot get beyond pretjy premiers and aptg^»a£es ? The death of Cardinal Newman "-iemoves from our midst one of the foremoBt pien of the day. How long will the Premier Building Society prosecutions be discussed in the Melbourne-- Police Court? Even the Ministerial friend agrees, that the Opposition has chosen the right t'^ie -to turn the Minis youi. Even Mr. McDonald, so lonj under the Premier's magnetic eye, had to condemn the., wretched muddlers.' • ,. . Another railway accident thronghil^ke Engine - colliding with a runaway bullock—TO New South Wales this time. Hie Ministeilal orgai finds more satisfaction- • in talking about the Opposition cutenees thm the Governm at bungling. Before the Opp usitioi pronoun' ed the dooji,. they gave the Ministry a chance to clear themselves of the Barrier bundle. The Coir-nissioner of Pub'ic Works was satisfied that if one -existed the Govcirnenbhad been in blissful ignorance. ' It was worth a penny to see Dr. Cockbnus ^ solitary smile when he thought Mr. Kingston had been touched on a sore point. Cardinal Newman's allegiance to the Church. of his adoption was never allowed to interfere with his allegiance to bis coiintry. \- Honest Tom was emphatic that the'Government had deceived the Hoose or should beprepared to sa ik the Commissioners. A parly by the name of Jones will return to •: Melbourne after a trip to the old country. He will be accompanied by a man in blue. The Attorney-General was quite sure the Railway Commissioners coald make agreements^ and snap -their figures at the Government. He—"I don't see why there should be no* marriage or giving in marriage in Heaven." She—" Probably because there won't be any men there." ' ' By means of the Electrophonoscope peopletalking thraqgh the telephone will ba able to see each other's faoe. That would not alwaysv be desirable. Bishop of St. Asaph referred to his "younger and rasher days," but the local papers reported him as having deplored his "younger and masher days." Lord HercoheTl recently remarked that he was afraid to think of his and his wife% entry into America in connection with the,Customs* and-the refined law of cocipiraey. The South train, full of business men withimportant engagements, was - etuok up th'V morning at Mount Laf^y for nearly teaminutes to a' -oimodaie a go: 5s tr^in, which should have bren detained at Belair. Memorabilia.—It was on August 13, "1520,; that Hernando, or Thernan, or Ferdinand' Corlesor Cortez, the famous Spanish adventurer, defeated the Mexiciais at the great Battle of Olumba. After having ordered some of the Mexican officers to be burnt alive and committed incredible atrocities, he established himself as the conqueror of the country. You know " One murder makes a villain, fa thousand makes a heroj"—Melhemed, Pacha of Egypt, presented to George IV. a full-grown camelopard, or giraffe, which arrived at Windsor safe and sound August 13, 1827. It was caught in the desert of Sennaar with another, which the Pa&a; presented to the French Court. That nature'ist CP''S the giraffe " the tallest, the most gentle, and most useless oE all known quadrupeds." Obituaries.—Tiberias II,, Emperor of the East, died at Constantinople, August 13,582. Now this is just expetly how one of his biographers srmmarizrs his character:—"He was • conspicuous for humanity, justice, temperance, and fortitude; was affable in his palace, pious in the Church, impartial OK the seat of justice, and victorious in the field. He measured his bounty, not so much by the expectations of his subject^ as by his own dignity; yet at the same time abhorred, as of the basest alloy, the gold that was'extracted from the people's tears." U. C. even the dark ages occasionally produced noble characters.—Francis Peck . was an eminent English mtiquaiy, who paid the debt of nature, August 13, 1743. He wrote many learned works, including" "The Life oE Milton," "Memoirs of Cromwell," and "Desiderata Curiosa." Peck was a man of peace, and worth a bushel of men of war, you bet. 