THE STRANGE SIDE OF IOEMWBIE' JOS1S. , \- " ' ' - By Rudyakd Kipling. There is, as the conjurors fay, no deception about this tale. Jukes by accident stumbled upon a village that Is well-known to exist, though he is the only. Englishman who has I been there. A somewhat similar institution | used to nourish on the outskirts of Calcutta, land there is a story that if you go into the I heart of Bikanir, which is in the heart of the | Great Indian Desert, yon shall come acros3 not 1 a village, hut a town, where the dead who did I not die but may not live have established their I headquarters. . And, since it is pefectly true tfyat in the same | desert is a wonderful city where all the rich 1 money lenders retreat after they have made their I fortunes (fortunes so . vast that the owners I cannot trust even the strong hand of the gov> I ernment to protect them, but take refuge in the waterless sands), and drive sumptuous C-spring barouches, and buy beautiful girls and decorate their palaces with gold and ivory and Minton tiles and mother-o' -pearl, I do not see why Xukes's tale should not be true. He iB a civil engineer, with' a head for plans and distances and things of that kind, and he certainly would not take the trouble to invent imaginary traps. Ho could earn more by dorng his legitimate work. He never varies the tele in the telling, and grows very hot and indignant when he thinks of the disrespectful treatment, he received. - He. wrote this quite straightforwardly at first, but he has singe touched it up in places and introduced Moral Reflections, thus :— - \ MB. JUKES BEGINS In the beginning it all arose from a slight | attack of fever. - . My- work; necessitated my being in camp some months between Pakpattan and Mubarakpur, a desolate, sandy stretch of country, as every one who has had the misfor tune to go there may kuow. My coolies were neither more nor less exasperating than other gangs, and my work demanded sufficient atten tion to keep me from moping had I been I inclined to so unmanly a weakness. I On tile 23rd December, 1884, I felt a little I feverish. There was a full moon at the time, I and, in consequence, every dog near my tent I was baying it. The brutes assembled in twos | and threes and drove me frantic. A few days | previously I had shot one loud-mouthed singer I and suspended his carcase in terrofem about fifty yams from my teut door. But his friends 1 fell upon, fought for, and ultimately devoured 1 the body, and, as it seemed to me, sang their hymns of thanksgiving afterward with renewed energy. The lightheadedness which accompanies fever acts differently upon different men. My irrita tion gave way after a short time to a fixed determination to slaughter one huge black and white beast who had been foremost in song and first in fight throughout the evening. Thanks to a shaking and a giddy head I had already missed him twice with both barrels of my shot gun, when it occurred to me that the best plan would be to ride him down in the open and finish him off with a hog spear. This, of course, was merely the semi-deliriouB notiob of a fever patient, but I remember that it struck me at the time as being eminently practical and feasible. 1 the start. I therefore ordered my groom to saddle Por- nic and bring him round quietly to the rear of my tent. When the pony was ready, I stood at his head prepared to mount and dash out as soon as the dog should agaiu lift up his voice. Pornic, by the way, had not been out of his pickets for a couple of days ; the night air was crisp and chilly, and I was armed with a spe cially long and sharp pair of persuaders with which I had been rousing a sluggish cob that afternoon. You will easily believe, then, that I when he was let go he went quickly, 1 In one moment, for the brute bolted as I straight as a die, the tent was left far behind, . and we were flying over the smooth, sandy soil at racing speed. . In another we had passed the I wretched dog, and 1 had almost forgotten why -it was that I taken horse and hog spear. I The delirium of fever and the excitement of rapid motion through the' air must have taken away the remnant of my senses. I have a I -faint. rppnllfidtiVm flf Kfandincr imn'alit in mr stirrups and of brandishing my hog spear at the great white moon that looked down so calmly on my mad gallop, and of shouting challenges to the camel thorn bushes as they whizzed past. Once or twice, I believe, 1 swayed forward on Pornic' s neck, and literally bung on by my spurs, as the marks next morn ing showed. The wretched beast went forward like a thing possessed over what seemed to be a limitless ex panse of moonlit sand. Next, I remember, the ground rose suddenly in front of ns, and as we topped the ascent I saw the waters of the Sutlej shining like a silver bar below. Then Pornic blundered heavily on his nose, and we rolled | together down some unseen slope. I must have lost consciousness, for when Ire- covered I was lying on my stomach in a heap of soft white sand, and the dawn was beginning to break dimly over the edge of the slope down which I had fallen. As the light grew stronger I saw that I was at the bottom of a horseshoe shaped crater of sand, opening on one side directly to the shoals of the Sutlej. My fever had altogether left me, and, with the exception of a slight dizziness in the head, I felt no bad effects from the fall over night. in the crater. Pornic, who was standing a few yards away, was naturally a good deal exhaused, but had not hurt himself in the least. His saddle, a favourite polo one, was much knocked about, and had been twisted under his belly. It took me some time to put him to rights, and in the meantime I had ample opportunities of observ ing the spot into which I Had so foolishly dropped. At the risk of being considered tedious I must I describe it at length, inasmuch as an accurate I mental picture of its peculiarities will be of I material assistance in enabling the reader to understand what follows. Imagine, then, as I have said before, a horse- I shoe shaped crater of sand with steeply graded ! sand walls about 35ft. high. (The slope, I j fancy, must have , been about fiadeg.) This_ 1 crater enclosed a level piece of ground about fifty j yards long by thirty at its broadestpart, with a rude well in the centre. Round the bottom of the crater, about three feet from the level of the ground proper, ran a series of eighty- three semicircular, ovoid, square, and multilateral holes, all about three I feet at the mouth. Each hole on inspection I showed that it was carefully shored internally I with driftwood and bamboos, and over the mouth a wooden drip- board projected, like the peak of a jockey's cap, for two feet. No sign of life was visible in these tunnels, but a most sickening stench pervaded the entire amphitheatre — a stench fouler than any -which my wanderings in Indian villages have intro duced me to. Having remounted Pornic, who was as anxious as I to set hack to camp, I rode round the base of the horseshoe to find some place whence ah exit would be practicable. The in habitants,- whoever they might be, had not i thought fit toput ihran appearance, bo I was left torny o vn devices. , My first attempt to " rush" Pornio - up the- steep sandbanks showed . me that I had fallen into a trap exactly on the same model as that which the ant lion Bets for its prey. At each step the shifting sand poured down from above in tons, and rattled' on the drip boards of the holes like small shot. A couple of ineffectual charges 'sent us both rolling down to the bottom half choked with the torrents of sand, and I was constrained to turn my attention to the river bank. caught in A tbap. _ Here every thing seemed easy enough. The saud hills ran down to the river edge, it is true, but there were plenty of shallows across which I could gallop Pornic and find my way back to terra firma by turning sharply to the right or the left. As I led Pomic over the sands I was startled by the faint pop of a rifle across the river, ana at the same moment a bullet dropped with a sharp " whit" close to Pornic's head. \- tiii _ r\ m o tnMl fnA WiW HU lUlSUJJLiliM UiP UQfVuav va missile — a regulation Martini- Hcniy " picket.' About five hundred yards away a country boat was anchored in midstream, and a jet of smoke drifting away from its bows in the still morning air showed xne whence the delicate attention had come. Was ever a respectable gentleman in such an impasse ? The treacherous sand slope allowed no escape from a spot whieh I visited most involuntarily, and a promenade on the river frontage was the signal tor a bombard ment from some insane native in a boat. I'm afraid that I lost niy temper very much indeed. Another bullet -reminded me that I had better save my breath to cool my porridge ; and I retreated hastily up -the sands and back to the horseshoe, where I saw" that toe. noise of the rifle had drawn sixty-five human "beings from" the badger holes' which I-had up till that point supposed to be untenanted. I found myself in the midst of a crowd of spectators--abOut forty men, twenty women, ana one child, who could not have "been more than five years old ! They were all scantily clothed in that salmon coloured cloth which one associates With Hindu mendicants, and at first sight gave, me the im pression of a band -of loathsome fakirs. The filth and repulsiveness of the assembly were beyond all description, aud I shuddered to think what their life in the badger holes must be. abuse reception. Even in these days, when local self-govern ment has destroyed the greater part of a native's respect for a Sahib, I have been ac customed to a certain amount of civility from my inferiors, and on approaching the crowd naturally expected that there would be some recognition of my presence. As a matter of fact there was, but it was by no means what I had looked for. The ragged crew actually laughed at me. Such laughter I hope I may never hear again. They cackled, yelled, whistled and howled as I walked into their midst, some of them literally throwing themselves down on the ground in convulsions of unholy mirth. In a moment I had let go Pcrnic's head and, irritated beyond expression at the morning's adventure, com menced cuffing those nearest to me with all the force I could. The wretches dropped under my blows like ninepins aud toe laughter gave place to wails for mercy, while those yet untouched clasped me around toe knees, imploring me in all sorts of uncouth tongues to spare them. In toe tumult, and just when I was feeling very much ashamed of myself for having thus easily given way to my temper, a thin, high voice murmured in English from behind my shoulder : " Sahib ! Sahib ! Do you not know me? Sahib, it is Gunga Dass, toe telegraph master," I span round quickly and faced the speaker. Gunga Dass (I have, of course, no hesitation in mentioning toe man's real name) I had known four years before as a Decanee Brahmin lent by the Punjab Government to one of the Khalgia States. He was in charge of a branch telegraph office there, and when I had last met him,, was a jovial, full stomached, "portly Government servant with a marvellous capacity for making had puns in English —a peculiarity which made me remember mm long after I had forgotten his services to " me in. his official capacity. It is seldom that a Hindu makes EngUsh puns. GUNGA T>AKS WAS CTTAVOHm. Now, however, the man was changed beyond all recognition. Caste mark, stomach, slate coloured continuations and unctuous speech were all gone. I looked at a withered skeleton, turbanless aud almost naked, with long matted hair and deep -set codfish eyes. But for a crescent-shaped scar on toe left cheek — the result of an accident for which I was responsible — I should never have known him. But it was indubitably Gunga Dass, and — for this I was thankful — an English-speaking native who might at least tell me the meaning of all that I had gone through that day. The crowd retreated to some distance as I turned toward the miserable figure aud ordered him to show me some method of escaping from the crater. H i held a freshly plucked crow in his baud, and in reply to my question climbed slowly on a platform of sand which ran in front of the holes, and commenced lighting a fire there in silence. Dried bents, sand poppies and driftwood burn quickly, and I derived much consolation from the fact that be lit them with an ordinary sulphur match. When they were in a bright glow, and the crow was neatly spitted in front thereof, Gunga Dass began without a word of preamble : — \- " There are only two kinds of men, SaT. The alive and the dead. When you are dead you are dead, but when you are alive you live." (Here toe crow demanded his attention for an instant as it twirled before the fire in danger of being burned to a cinder.) " If you die at home and do not die when you come to the ghat to be burned, you come here." The nature of the reeking village was made plain now, and all that I had known or read of the grotesque and the horrible paled before the fact just communicated by the ex-Brahmin. Sixteen years ago, when I first landed in Bom bay, I had been told by a wandering Armenian of toe existence somewhere in India of. a place to which such Hindus as had the misfortune .to recover from trance or catalepsy were con-, veyed and . kept, aiid I recollect laughing: heartily .at what I was then pleased to consider a traveller's tale. fitting at the bottom of the sand trap . toe memory of Watson's Hotel, with its swinging punkahs, white robed attendants and the sallow faced Armenian rose .up in my mind as vividly as a photograph, and I burst into a loud fit of laughter. The contrast was too absurd ! gunga dass's story. Gunga Dass, as he bent over the unclean bird, watched me curiously. Hindus seldom laugh, and hi6 surroundings were notbuch as to move Gunga Dass to any undue excess of hilarity. He removed the crow solemnly from the wooden spit and as solemnly devoured it. Then he continued his story, which I give in his own words: — "In epidemios of the cholera you are carried to be burnt almost before vou are dead. When you come to the riverside the mikes you alive, and if you are only toenlittle alive1 mud is put on your nose and mouth and alivei more mud is put ; but if J0? 100 . lively they let you go and take you away- , tooUvSy, and with anger against the indignities that they endeavoured to press upon me. J? I was Brahmin and proud man. Now I am dead mau and eat"-here he y ed the weil gnawed breast -bone with the first sign of Imotion that I had seen in him smoe we mek- " crows and other things. They took me from my sheets when they saw that I was too lively and cave me medicines for one week, ana I survived successfully. Then they sent me by rail from my place to Okara Station, with a man to take care of me, and at Okara Station we met two other men and they conducted we three on camels, in toe night, mrai Dkara Station to this place, aud they propelled me from the top to toe bottom, and the other two succeeded, and I have been here efler since— two and a half years. Once I was Brahmin and proud man, and now I eat crows." " There is no way of getting out r _ _ 44 None of what kind at all. When I first came I made experiments frequently, and all the others also, but we have always suc cumbed to the sand which is precipitated upon our heads." 44 But surely," I broke mat this point, 44 toe river front is open, aud it is worth while dodging toe bullets, while at night " vaxw him laugh. I had a' ready matured a . rough plan of es cape which a nature 1 instinct of selfishness for bade me Sharing with Gunga Dass. He, how- ever, divined my unspoken thought almost as ; soon as it was formed, aud to my intense as tonishment gave vent to a long, low chuckle of derision: — top, laughter, be it understood, of a superior j orat least of an equal. . . ">4 You will not "—he had dropped the sir completely after his opening sentence— " make any escape that way. But you can try. I have tried. Once only.", _ The sensation of nameless terror and abject fear which I had in vain attempted to strive against overmastered me completely. My long fast — it was now close upon ten o'clock, and I had eaten nothing since tiffin on the previous day — combined with the violent aud unnatural agitation of the ride, had exhausted me, and I verily believe that for a few minutes I acted as one mad. I hurled myself againEt the pitiless sand slope. I ran round the base of the crater, blaspheming and praying by turns. I crawled out among the sedges of the river front, only to be driven back each time in an agony of j nervous dread by the rifle bullets which cut up the saud round me— for I dared not face the q mo/I ninitnilfi MVlWfl UVUlVU VI <2\. AUMU. w — and finally fell, spent and raving, at the curb of the well. No one had taken the slightest notice of an exhibition whieh makes me blush hotly even when I think of it now. Two or three men trod on my panting body as they drew water, but they were evidently used to this sort of thing, and had no tune to waste upon me. The situation was humiliat ing. Gunga Dass, indeed, when he had-banked toe embers of his fire with eand, was at some pains to throw half a cupful of fetid water over my head, an attention for which I could have fallen on my knees and thanked him, but he was laughing all the while in the same mirthless, wheezy key that greeted me on my first attempt to force the shoals. And so, in a semi-comatose condition, I lay till noon. a wretched meal. Then, being only a man after all, I felt hungry, and intimated as much to Gunga . Dass, whom I had begun to regard as my natural protector. Following theimpulse of the outer world when dealing with natives I put my hand into my pocket and drew out four annas. The absurdity of the gift struck me at once and I was about to replace toe money. Gunga Dass, however, was of a different opinion. " Give me the money," said he ; 44 all you have, or I will get help and we will kill you !" Ail this as if it were the most natural thing in -the world - A Briton's first; impulse, I believe, is to guard the contents of his pockets ; but a moment's re flection convinced me of the futility of differing with the que man who had it in his power to make me comfortable, and with whose help it wps possible that I might eventually escape from fhe crater. I save him all the monev in mv possession, Rs. 9-8-5 — nine rupees, eight annas and five pie — for I always keep small change as bakshish when I am in camp. Gunga Dass clutched" the coins and hid them at once in his ragged loin cloth, his expression changing to something diabolical as he looked round to assure himself that no one had observed us. 44 Now I will give you something to eat," said he. . What pleasure the possession of my money could have afforded him I am unable to say; but inasmuch as it did give him evident delight I was not sorry that I parted with it so readily, for I had no doubt that he would have had me killed if I had refused. One does not protest against against the vagaries of a den of wild beasts ; and my companions were lower than any beasts. While I devoured what Gunga Dass had pro vided, a coarse chappaiti and a cupful of toe foul well water, the people showed not the faintest sign of curiosity — teat curiosity which is so rampant, as a rale, in an Indian village. I could even fancy that they despised me. At all events they treated me with the most chilling indifference, and Gunga Dass was nearly as bad. I piled him with questions about the terrible village, and received extremely factory answers. So far as I could gather, it had been in existence from time immemorial r Whence I concluded that it was at least & cen tury old — and during that time no one bad ever beeii known to escape from it. (I had to con trol myself here with both hands, lest the blind terror sh iuld lay hold of me a second time aud drive me raving round toe crater.) Gunga Dass took "a malicious pleasure in ftmphngfefag thi foint and in watching me wince. Nothing that could do would induce him to tell me who the mysterious 44 They" were. 44 It is" bo ordered," he would reply, 44 and I do not yet know any one who has disobeyed the orders." . J ; ' Only wait till my servants .find that I am. missing, I retorted, 44 and X promise you that tfos place shall be cleared off the face of the earth, andTU give you a lesson in civility, too, mv friend." . j> """> '".Your servants would bo torn in pieces before tJ»y came near thu plane ; and, besides, you are dead; my dear friend. It is mot Torn Ind bnri' th 'eSS yU aM At irregular intervals supplies of food, I waa told, were topped down from toe landaide into too amphitheatre and toe inhabitants fought for toem like wild beasts. When a man felt h£ rot w" n the »" ted to The phrase 44 thown on the sand" camrhf attention, and I asked Gunga Dass whetS«r S rertof thing was not ltoTrT 44 That," said he, wiih another of hi wheezy chuckles, 44 you may see for vourS subsequently. You will have much time t make observations" 10 NO estate. Whereat, to ffis great, delight, I winced onca more and hastily continued the conversation . 44 And how do you live here from day to davs What do yon do ?" The question elicit, exactly toe same answer as before— coupled with toe information that 44 this place is hfeu your European heaven ; there is neither mam ing nor giving in marriage." Gunga Dass had been educated at a mission school, and, as he himself admitted, had he only changed his religion 44 like a wise man," might have avoided toe living grave which wsb novv his portion. But as long as I was with him I fancy he was happy. Here was a Sahib, a represents tire of t-Uc dominant race, helpless as a child and com pletely at the mercy of his native neighbours. In a deliberate, lazy way he set himself to t0r. ture me as a schoolboy would devote a rap. turous half hour to watching the agonies of au impaled beetle, or as a ferret in a blind burrow might glue himself comfortably to the neck of a rabbit. The burden of his conversation was that there waa no escape " of no kind whatever," and that I should Btay here till I died and was 41 thrown upon toe sand." If it were possible to forejudge the conversation of the Damued on the advent of a new soul in their abode I should say that they would speak as Guilga Dass did to me throughout that long afternoon. I was powerless to protest or answer ; all my energies being devoted to a struggle against the inexplicable terror that threatened to over, whelm me again and again. I can compare toe feeling to nothing except the struggles of a man against toe overpowering nausea of the Channel passage — only my agony was of the spirit una infinitely more terrible. As the day wore on the inhabitants began to appear in full strength to catch rays of the afternoon sun, which were now slopiug in at the mouth of the crater. They assembled in little knots, and talked among themselves with- out even tlmwing a glance in my direction. About four o clock, as far as I could judge, Gunga Dass dived into his lair for a moment, emerging with a live crow in his hands. The wretched bird was in a moBt draggled and de plorable condition, but seemed to be in no way afraid of its master. Advancing cautiously to the river front, Gunga Dass stepped from tussock to tussock until he had reached a smooth patch of sand directly in the line of the boat's fire. The occupants of the boat took no notice. Here he stopped, and with a couple of dexterous terns of toe wrist pegged the bird on its back with outstretched wings. As was only natural, toe crow began to shriek at once and beat the air with its claws, in a few seconds the clamor had attracted the at tention of a bevy of wild crows ou a sh <al a few hundred yards away, where they were dis cussing something that looked like a corpse. Hidf-a-dozen crows flew over at once to see what was going on, and also, as it proved, to attack the pinioned bird. the chape. Gunga Dass, who had laiu down on a tussock, motioned me to be quiet, though I fancy this was a needless precaution. In a moment, and before I could see how it happened .a wild crow, who had grappled with the shrieking and helpless bird, was entauglsd in th9 latter's claws, swiftly disengaged by Gunga Dass, and pegged down beside its companion in adversity. Curiosity, as it seemed, overpowered the rest of the flock, and almost before Gunga Dass and I had time to withdraw to the tussock, two more captives were struggling in the upturned claws of the decoys. So the chase — if I can give it so dignified a name — continued until Gunga Bass had captured seven crows. Five of ths:a he throttled at once, reserving two for further operations another day. I was a good deal im pressed by this, to me, novel method of secur- . ing food, and complimented Gungi Dass on his skill. 44 It is nothing to do," said he. To morrow you must do it for me. You are stronger than I am." This calm assumption of superiority upset me not a little, and I answered peremptorily:— 14 Indeed, you oldruffiin ! What do you iHuk I have given you money for ?" " Very well," was the unmoved reply. "Per haps not to morrow, nor the day after, nor sub- sequently, but in the end, and for many years, you will catch ci ows and eat crows, and you will thank your European God that vou have crows to catch and eat." I could have cheerfully strangled li'.ra for this, but judged it best under thu cireum stances to smother my resentment. An hour later I was eating one of the crows, and, as Gunga Dass had said, thanking my God that I had a crow to eat. Never as lougas I live shall I forjet that evening meal. The whole populatien were squatting on toe hard platform opposite their dens, hudd ed over tiuy fires of refuse ana dried rushes. Death, having once laul his hand upon these men and forborne to s'nbe, seemed" to stand aloof from them now ; for most of our company were old men, bint aud worn and twisted with years, and vvdimi aged to all appearance as the Fates themselves. They sat together in knots and talked— God only knows what they found to discuss— in low equable tone, curiously in contrast to the strident babble with whieh natives av accustomed to make day hideous. Now and then an excess of that sudden fui which had possessed me in the moruiug wcul lay hold on a man or weman, and wiih yoll and imprecations toe sufferer would attack ths steep slope until, baffled and bleeding, be feL back on the platform incapable of moving a limb. The others wou'd icvar even rais® their eyes when this haj peued, as men too well aware of the futility of tin ir : ell iws' attempt: and wearied with their useless repetition. I saw four such outbursts in the course of thai evening. Gunga Dass took an eminently business-uP view or my situation, and while we wore dining — I can afford to laugh at toe recollection now but it was painful enough at the time — pro pounded the terms on which he would consent to 44 do" for me. My nine rupees eight annas, he argued, at toe rate of three annas a day would provide me with food fq¥ fifty- one davs. or about seven weeks — toat-is to say. he woolu be willing to care lor mq for that length of At toe end of it I was to look after myself. .For a further co u aicieration — r tJeti boots— he would he willing to allow me «... occupy the den next to. his own, and wom supply me with as much dried grass for beao as he could spare. . „ . 44 Very well, Gunga Dass," I replied ; l. the first terms I cheerfully agree, but as !her« nothing on earth to prevent my killing yo® you sit here and taking everything that JF nave— (I thought of the two invaluable cr0 at the- time) — I flatly refuse to give you boots and «h.il take whichever den I please. . The stroke was a bold one, and I was g» when I Baw it had succeeded. Gunga , changed bis tone immediately and disav all intention of asking for my boots. , . At the time it did not strike me, as at a strange that I, a civil engineer, a m- u.;>-tran vearfc standing in the service, and I Liuit an average Englishman, should thai Mlrnlv threaten murder and . violence .against «, man who had,<or eonsWeratron ft is true, emunderhfowiiig. Ihadtetttoeriorid, jTned, for oratories. I was as -certain then 1\. 1 am now of my own existence that in the looereed settlement there was no laweave that strongest ; that the living dead men had JLownbehind them every oanouof the world had cast them out and that X had to jhmead for my own life on my strength and fffgaace alone. The crew of the ill-teted sjTanonette are the only men who woiildundee- etmd my frame of mind. tf At present/' I argued to myself, " I am ; strong nod a match for sixof thesewrptchea. ' fVmeratiydy necessary that I should, lor; own sake, keep both health and strength the hour of my release comes— if it -ever j 3 Fortified with these resolutions! ate anddrank j «s much as Z could, and made Gunga. Baas ! understand that I intended to be his master, and j feat the least sign of insubordination <m his part ; would be visited with the only punishment I had j it in my power to inflict— sudden and violent death. Shortly after this I went to bed. That is to say, Gunga Bass gave me a double armful of dried bents, which 2 thrust down the mouth of the lair to toe right of his and followed myself, feet foremost, the hole running about 9fl into the sand with a slight downward inclination, and being neatly shored with timbere. From my den, which faced toe river front, 1 was able to watch the waters of toe Sude flowing, past under the light of a young moon and compose myself to sleep as best I plight The horrors of that night I shall never forget. Hf den was nearly as narrow as, a coffin, and tba«deB had been worn smooth- and greasy by j the contact of innumerable naked bodies, added to which it sinelt abominably. Sleep was alfco«etiier out of the question to one in my excited frame of mind. As the night woreou it seemed that the entire amphitheatre was filled ; ndifi legions of uncleau devils that, trooping up from the shoals below, mocked the unfortunates in their lairo. the ouicksaixd. - . . Personally I am not of an imaginative tempera ment — very few engineers are— but on that occasion I was as completely prostrated with nervous terror as any women. After half an hour or so, however, 1 was able once more to calmly review my chances of escape. Any exit by the steep sand walls was, of course,- im practicable. I had been thoroughly convinced of this some time before. It was possible, just possible, that I might, in the uncertain moonlight, safely run the gauntlet of the rifle shots. The place was so full of terror for uie that I was prepared to undergo any risk in leariug it. Imagine my delight, then, when after creeping stealthily "to the river front I found that the infernal boat was not there. My freedom lay before me in the next few steps \ By walking out to the first shallow pool that lay at the foot of the projecting left horn of the horseshoe, I could wade across, turn the flank of the crater and make my way inland. With out a moment's hesitation ! marched briskly past the tussocks whore Guuga Bass had snared the crows and out in the direction of the smooth white sand beyond. My first step from the tufts of dried grass showed me how utterly iuhle was any hope of escape, for, ae I put my foot down, I feifc an indescribable drawing, sucking motion of the sand below. Another moment and my leg was swallowed up nearly to the knee. In the moonlight the whole sur face of the sand seemed to be shaken with devilish delight at my disappointment. I strug gled dear, sweating with terror and exertion, back to the tussocks behind me and fell on my face. . My only means of escape from the semi circle was protected with a quicksand ! How long I lay I have not the faintest idea ; but I was roused at last by the malevolent chuckle of Guuga Bass at my ear., " I would advise you. Protector of the Poor" (the ruffian was speaking English), " to return to your house. It is unhealthy to lie down here. More over, when the boat returns, you will most cer tainly i>0 rifled at." He stood me in the dim light of the dawn, chuckling and laughing to himself. Suppressing my first impulse to catch the man by the neck and throw Mm oil to the quicksand, I rose sullenly and followed him to the plat form below the burrows. . Suddenly, and futilely as I thought while I Spoke, I asked: — "Guuga Bass, what is the good of the boat if I can't get out, anyhow ?" I recollect that even my deepest trouble I had been speculating vaguely on the waste of am munition in guarding an already well protected foreshore. Gunga Dass laughed again and made answer : — ' They have the boat only in daytime. It is for the reason that there is a way. I hope we S-iall have the pleasure of your company for much longer time. It is a pleasant spot when you have been here some years and eaten roast crow long enough." " | I staggered, numbed and helpless, toward the fetid burrow allotted to me, and fell asleep. Au hour or so later I was awakened by a piercing scream— the shrill, high-pitched scream of a horse in pain. Those who have once heard that will never forget the sound. I found some ht«e difficulty in scrambling out of the burrow, u vas m the open I saw Pornic, my poor o.dPomic, lying dead on toe sandy soil. How they killed him I cannot guess. Gunga Bass explained that horse was better than crow, and "greatest good of greatest number is political maxim. We are now republic, Mister Jakes, and you are entitled to a fair share of the If you like we will pass a vote of thanks. ohaL I propose ?' ' Yes, we were a republic indeed ! A republic or wild beasts penned at the bottom of a pit, to and fight and sleep till we died. I attempted no protest of any kind, but eat down a&d; stared at the hideous sight in front of me. to less time almost than it takes me to write his Pornic's body was divided, in some unclean way or other ; the men and women had dragged the fragments on to the platform and were pre paring their morning meal. Gunga Bass cooked mine. — THE OTHER SAHIB. I ue almost irresistible impulse to fly at toe Bhnd walls until I was wearied laid hold of me afresh, and I had to struggle against it with all "h'-ght. Gunga Bass was offensively jocular I told him that if he addressed another re- of any kind whatever to me I should wrangle him where he sat. This silenced him Rutil silence became insupportable, and I bade fom say something. '' You will live here till you die like the other hennghi," he said coolly, watching me over the «?«eut of gtte that he was gnawing. "hat other Sahib, you swine ? Speak at and don't stop to tell me a lie." . He is over there," answered Gunga Baas, pointing to a burrow mouth about four doors to go left of my own. " You can see for yourself, hie died in the burrow as you will die and I will !e> and as all these men and the one child will also die." ' For pity's sake, tell me all you know about V,' ho was he? When did become and did lift ditt This appeal traj a weakstep on my pari, wuifflts only leered and replied. " I wfll I WManfl otruck sn®5. between the eyes, partially stunning to«h. He stopped down from the ptatfornLat fawning and weeping «nd attempting to embrace faj feet, ted me xoundto the burrow which he had indioated.. I know nothing whatever about the gentie- Your God be my witness that I do not. He Was as anxious -to escape as you were and ® toot from toe boat, though we nil did wflnimto prevent him. He was shot here;1 Gunga Dan laid his hand on his lean stomach nd bowed to toe earth. "Weti, and what then? Go on." "And then — and then, your Honour, we canted him into his house and gave him water ! and putwet cloths on the wound, and he laid down in his house and gave up the ghost." " In how long P In how long?" About half an hoar after he received his . wound. I caM Yishn to witness," yelled the wretchedman," that I did everything for him. Everything which was possible, that I did/ He threw himself down on the ground and clasped my ankles. But I had my doubts ; about Gunga Bass's benevolence, and kicked ! trim off as he lay protesting. ' I believe you robbed him of everything he ; had. But I can find out in a minute or two. How long was the Sahib here?" " Nearly a year and a half. I think he must ' have gone mad. Bat hear me swear, Protector of the Poor ! Won't your Honour hear me j swear that I never touched an article that be- j longed to him? What is your Worship going to ' do?" I had taken Gunga Dass by the waist and j bad hauled him upon the platform, opposite the I deserted barrow. As I did so I thought of my wrat toed fellow prisoner's unspeakable misery ; among all these horrors for eighteen months ; and the final agony of dying like a rat in a hole, with a bullet wound in toe stomach. GUnga Bam fancied I was going to kill him and he howled pitifully. The rest of the -popula tion, in the plethora that follows a full flesh meal, watched us without stirring. " Go inside, Gunga Bass," said I, " and fetch it out." I was feeling sick and faint with horror now. Gunga Bass nearly rolled oft the platform and howled aloud. " But £ am Brahmin, Sahib— a high- cabte Brahmin. By your soul, by your father's soul, do not make me do this thing I" " Brahmin' or no Brahruin, by my' soul and my father's soul, in you go !" I said, and seizing him by the shoulders I crammed bis head into the mouth of the burrow, kicked the rest of him in, and sitting, covered my face with my hands. . At the end of a few minutes I heard a rustle and a creak, and then Gunga Bass, in a sobbing, choking whisper speaking to himself ; then a soft thud— and I uncovered my eyes. the MXTSratEFIED corpse. The dry sand had turned the corpse intrusted to its keeping into a yellow brown mummy. I told Gunga Bass to stand off while I examined it. The body — dad in an olive-green hunting suit much stained and worn, with leather pads on the shoulders — was that of a man between thirty and forty, above middle height, with light, sandy hair, long moustache, and a rough, unkempt beard. The left canine of the upper jaw was missing, and a portion of toe lobe of the right ear was gone. On toe second finger of toe left hand was a ring — a shield-shaped bloodstone set in gold, with a monogram that might have been either " B.K/' or "B.L." On toe third finger of the right hand was a silver ring in the shape of a coiled cobra, much worn and tarnished. Gunga Bass deposited a handful of trifles he luid picked out of the burrow at my feet, and, covering the face of the body with my handker chief , I turned to examine these. I give the full list in the hope that it may lead to the identification of the unfortunate man : — 1\. Bowl of a hriarwood pipe, serrated at the edge ; much worn and blackened ; bound with String at theiscrew. 2\. Two patent lever keys ; wards of both broken. 3\. Tortoise- shell Handled penknife, silver or nickel name plate, marked with monogram " B.K." 4\. Envelope, postmark undecipherable, bearing a Victorian stamp, addressed to " Miss Mon " resfc illegible) — " ham" — " nt." 6\. Imitation crocodile-skin note-book, with pencil. First forty-five pages blank ; four and a half illegible ; fifteen others filled with private memoranda relating toiefly to three persons— a Mrs. L. Singleton, abbreviated several times to " Lot. Single," Mrs. S. May," and Garmison," referred to in places as " Jerry" or " Jack." 6\. Handle of snail-sized hunting knife. Blade snapped short. Buck's horn, diamond cut, with swivel and ring on toe butt ; fragment of cotton cord attached. It must not be supposed that I inventoried all these things on the spot as fully as I have here written them down. The note-book first at tracted my attention, and I put it in my pocket with a view to studying it later on. The rest of the articles I conveyed to my burrow for safety's sake, and there, being a metho- dicalman, I inventoried them. I then returned to the corpse and ordered Gunga Bass to help me carry it out to the river front. While we were engaged in this the exploded toell of an old brown cartridge dropped out of one of the pockets and rolled at my feet. Gunga Dass had not seen it ; and I fell to thinking that a man docs not carry exploded cartridge cases, especially "browns/ which will not bear leading twice, about with him when shooting. In other words that cartridge case had beeu fired inside the crater. Conse quently there must be a gun somewhere, I was on the verge of asking Gunga Dass, but checked myself, knowing that he would lie. We laid the body down on the edge of the quicksand by the tussocks. It was my inten tion to Trash it out and let it be swallowed up — the only possible mode of burial that I could think of, I ordered Gunga Bass to go away. Then I gingerly put the corpse out on the quicksand. In doing so— it was lying face downward — I tore the frail and rotten khaki shooting coat open, disclosing a Mdeous cavity in the back. I have already told yon that the . dry sand had, as it were, mummified the body. A moment's glance showed the gaping hole had been caused by a gunshot wound ; the gun must have been fired with the muzzle almost touching the back. The shooting coat, being intact, bad been drawn over toe body after death, which must have been instantaneous. 2 The secret of the poor wretch's death was plain to me in a flash; Some one in the crater presumably Gunga Dass, must have shot him with his own gun — the gun that fitted the brown cartridges. He had never attempted to escape in the.face of the rifle fixe from the boat. . THE MYSTERIOUS PATER. I pushed toe corpse out hastily and saw it sink from sight literally in a few seconds. I shuddered as I watched. In a dazed, half- conscious way I turned to peiuse the notebook. A stained and discoloured slip of paper had been inserted between the binding and the back, and dropped out as I opened the pages. This is what it contained : — " Four out from crc-iv clump ; three left , nine pttt; two right ; two Xeft ; fourteen out ; two ieflX seven out; one ufo; nine hack; two I rtaM six back ; four right; seven back." : Thepaper hafl peeaomed and dharred at - the edges. What it meant I could not urider- I sat dpwn on the dried bents turning it over and over between my fiiigero, .unlil I was aware of Guuga Bass standing imme- diately behind me with glowing eyes and out- : strdtmed hands. . "Have you got it?" he panted. tr Will you not Jet me look at it also? £ swear that Ilwill ' return it/' „ , Got what?. Beturn what ?" tasked. . £ That whiqh you have in your hands. It wifl. help us both." He stretched out his long, bird-like talons, trembling with eager- ness. . T could never find it/' he continued. "He had secreted it shout his person. Therefore I shot him, but nevertheless l was unable to obtain It." Gunga Bass had quite forgotten, his little fiction about the rifle bullet. I received the information perfectly calmly. Morality is blunted by consorting with the dead who axe alive. " "What on earth are you raying aboiit? What is it you want me to give you ?'? "The piece of paper in toe note-book. It will help us both. Oh, you fool!" you fool! Canyon not see what it will do for us? We shall escape." His voice rose almost to a scream, and he danced with excitement before me. X own I was moved at the chance of getting away, " Don't skip ! Explain yourself. . Bp you mean to say that this slip of piper will help us ? What does it mean ? . v "Bead it aloud I Bead it aloud! I beg and; pray tpyou to read it aloud." I did so. Gunga Bass listened delightedly, and, drew an irregular line in the sand with Ms fingers. ' See now ! It was toe length of his gun barrels without the stock. I have those barrels, jftgurgun barrels out&omtodplacewhereleaught; crows. Straight out; do you folio w.me ? Then left—Ah ! how well I remember when that man worked it out night after night. Then nine out, and so on. Out is always straight, before you across the quicksand. He told me so before I killed him." " But if you knew all this why didn't you get out before ?" : " J did not know it. Hp told nie that he was working it out a year and a half ago and how he was working.it out niaht after night when the boat had gone away and he could get put near the quicksand safely. Then he said that we would get away together. But I was afraid that he would leave me behind one night when he had worked it all out, and so I shot him. Besides, it is not advisable that the men who once get in here should escape. Only I, and lama Brahmin." The prospect of escape had brought Gunga Bass' caste back to him. He stood up, walked about and gesticulated violently. Eventually I managed to make him talk soberly, and he told me how this Englishman had spent six months night after night in ex ploring, inch by inch, the passage across the quicksand; how he had declared it to be simplicity itself up to within about twenty yards of the river bank after turning the flank of the left horn of the horseshoe. This much he had evidently not completed when Gunga Baas toot him. with his own gun. In my frenzy of delight at the possibilities of escape I recollect shaking hands effusively with Gunga Bass after we had decided that we were to make an attempt to get away that very night. It was weary work waiting throughout the afternoon. THE ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE. About ten o'clock, as far as I could judge, when the moon had just risen above the Hp of the crater, Gunga Dass made a move for Ms burrow to bring out the gun barrels whereby to measure our pato. All the other wretched" in habitants had retired to their lairs long ago. The guardian boat drifted down, stream some hours before, and we were utterly alone by toe crow-clump. Gunga Dass, while carrying the gun barrels, let slip the piece of paper wMch was to be our guide. I stooped down hastily to recover it, and as I did bo I was aware that the diabolical Brahmin was aiming a violent blow at the back of my head with the gun barrels. It was too late to turn round. I must have received the blow somewhere on the nape of my neck. A hundred thousand fiery stars danced before my eyes and I- fell forward senseless at the edge of the quick sand. "When I recovered consciousness the moon was going down, and I was sensible of intolerable pain in the back of my head. Gunga Dass had disappeared and my mouth was full of blood. I lay down again and prayed that I might die without more ado. Then toe unreasoning fury which I have before mentioned laid hold upon me, and I staggered inland toward the walls of toe crater. It seemed that some one was calling to me in a whisper, " Sahib! Sahib! SaMb!" exactly as my bearer used to call me in the mornings. I fancied that I was delirious until a handful of sand fell at my feet. Then I looked up and saw a head peering down into toe amphitheatre — the head of Dunnoo, my dog boy, who attended to my collies. As soon as he had attracted my attention he held up his hand and showed a rope. I moticned, staggering to and fro the while, that he should throw it down. safety at east. It was a couple of leather punkah ropes knotted together, with a loop at one end. I slipped the loop over my head and under my arms ; heard Dunnoo urge something forward ; was conscious that I was being dragged face downward, up the steep sand slope, and the next instant found myself choked and half feinting on the sand bills overlooking the crater. Dunnoo, with his face ashy gray in toe moonlight, implored me not to stay but to get back to my tent at once. It seems that he had tracked Pornic's foot prints fourteen miles across toe sands to the crater ; had returned and told my servants, who flatly refused to meddle with any one, white or black, once fallen into the hideous Village of the Bead ; whereupon - Dunnoo had -taken one of my ponies n.'nfl a couple of punkah ropes, returned to the crater and hauled me out as I have described. To cut a long story short, Dunnoo is now my personal servant on a gold mohnra month — a sum which I still think far too little for toe services he has rendered. Nothing on earth will induce me to go near that devilish spot again or to reveal its whereabouts more dearly than I have done. Of Gunga Bass I have never forand a trace, nor do I wish to. My sole motive in giving this to he published is toe hope that Borne one may positively identify,- from the details and toe inventory which I have given above, the corpse of the man in the olive green hunting suit.- —2/eto York SCraM. 