JOTTINGS. snonr, poixtkh axd ftff/r.ira xr. Local. KATonunx Tiur.8 Challenge 0 up on 11 proximo ; Given by Mr. G. )\\\ Spring, Former propricloraud edilor ol this journal. Tin# week wc are troubled wilti Die ghost, mid Acctoonu arc numerous. There was n fire also; but this tlruciit Weill- worth Full. ' Rtrebla " crushed out this week. The bachelors #1111 keep up the ringing, and The Mount Victoria hairdresser sings " Iiokcy Pokey, penny a lump." The song take wonderfully, and the passing talent shot rocks at the mansion. IvHtooialwi Municipal Council considering the cremating vvstem. Only one tender sent in for making alterations to Council ChumlxTs. — Mr. Williams £fifi. In less than three weeks the Katoomba alder men will be in the new premises. The K a too tuba miners are calling tenders for a racdirsri man. Advertisement in nnothercnlumn. A von serious gun necident bofel Mr. H. Scope, of Kofoomba last Tuu&lpy; morning. Vrivatc rainier, a lirely soldier on Raturdny night. The " discipline " was too much for George. Jt is to be hoped that the Katoomba riflemen will pull more together in the future; if they don t, they tvill be &ullr; behind in the scoring. Tcudcrs for the new railway tuition at Kuloomba close on 27th October. Another cheap ad. Wc have received a copy of Cook's Australian Traveller's Gay.ctte, which is a very useful book to the travelling public. The price is twopence per copy. J-anrl Bivanl mcrling at Tenrith on IBlh No vember at 11 a.m. at the Court House. % cry wunu weather on the Mountain# on Rundav. Ladies wearing white dresses, it must have been scorching in Sydney. dubbing work has been pour ing in at this office lately, nud wc have seven more standing ad#. than when wc started nix weeks ago. This in not trade puff, but plain faels; as u glance at the paper will prove. llLiekhcnth hud a concert last Monday night in aid of i>oor Joe KoeTy. The Amateur Mmstrula' fn>t benefit concert. The hlicflield handicap at Wallcmvnnp po#t|>oncd till Boxing Day. Mr. I\ J. Ugun, promoter; F. Field, lion. Secretary. Another plumber in the field.— Mr. .1. Keir, of 1'Ark-tircct, Katoomba, Another diiuic for the directory. Carnival and select dance at Rluckhcath on 10th November. Still gning ahead. — Tenders being called for the erection of three shop# for Mr. Joe. Marsden in front of thi# office. Air. W. 11. Hanhvick is the architect. A UaLhurst paper says Ifino dogs hare been registered at tho Mrithuot J'oliee Oflice this 3 i«r. Boor Hut lnirl, Kufoomlia is bod enough in this respect ; but a Us. registration lee would have a wonderful effect. Rev. Mr. Mnthieson loft Kutooniha on Friday for the city. He is a very able preacher ami worker, and he will be greatly niisiied. A cnrjKinter toll us fhut be did not know that the Katoomba Municipal Council were calling Tender for alterations to luiurel Coltnge, Why? Our hundreds of road era know well enough. The Kutooniha South "Ghost" thinks It does uot pay to provide amusement for residents ; lie U»t 2s. Id. by his adventure, and narrowly e&CApcri; the saltpetre. 44 Jumbuck," ull the way from Sydney, In another column. Mr. Kilch, of the Eclipse Studio, has shown us some very pretty views of Jersey Fulls ; they arc cxc.llcntly Laken both in Photographic and Stereo views. Heavy thunderstorm on Monday night. TooIh of water iu Uafu- ntroct, Kntoomlm ; budly drained. The Harriei Xliucr liium ; — Though lost to sight to memory dear, cry out certain tradesmen when they fini! out debtor liave cleared to Peak Hill, The above looks bad for the well- treated miners of tljeduKtyohl Barrier. Mr. A. M'Nnugbt, principal teacher, Superior I'll Id ic School, Knkb&nk;, lias been apjiointixl a eaptuiu in the l'ublic Beliuol Cadet Force of the colony. Government la.ii I sale at Lithgow on HUliprox. Court of Petty Scions proclaimed fur Katoontbu a long time ugj, bul the furniture on wheels can't climb the little Zig-zag; the Notices Before Pro ceeding forms are selling, and the nevur-puy-uph will get there just the same In th'cswceL by-utid-byo. Don't let the rnys of the hot uu full directly on your bchivc. Provide sonic soil of a shade. The Czar has itiiual an edict forbidding applause iu Russian theatres. Boor old chap, Tlrcrc uub no mutiny in the Ciitup of Kntnomlm 44 bold sojer boy " at ull, so the public can reft con tented. Says nn exchange — You occasionally meet a man who says tliuf the greatest happiness is found in poverty ; ami vou occ&bioually; remember that all men arc linis, too. Enrl Jersey is bringing his own sen-ants and carriage? to Australia. Wcluivc received from the Government JVinter a oopy.of report of conference pf fruit growers recently held in Sydney. The deputation of the Mayor and Aldermen favorably reodved on TJiuradny. Mr. .'McFodcrici lost a valuable horse at Black- heath tills week. A rifle ruatch will be fired to-day between ' Wcnt- worth Fulls R.R.C. and tlio Ilathurst Nsva! Artillery Volunteers. A great oontCbt expected. New atiindiug ads. this week. — Dr. Perry, fiyilncy, and Mr. J. Kier, KAtoomba. New rifle range at Blackhcath cl oared. 