? THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. i TALE OF THE IRISH REBELLION 4 OF 1641. PART II. CHAPTER XIX.—(Continued.) BT MBS. J. Sajhzkb, Author of" Zightt " BUket and nmsani," " WiUy Burke," " Bed Sand of Hitter, etc." In a few seconds, the two stood together safe and sound on the outside, where Lorcan and the faithful Smithson awaited them in the disguise of oystermen. The ladder was hastily removed, and stowed away under Smithson's great iscket, then, without pausing to ask or answer questions, the four marched off, two by two, in the direction of Druryl≠, where Smithson's domicile was 'Maguire,' said his friend as they trudged along, «how do you feel P' 'Like one in a dream,' Connor replied; 'I cannot get convinced, do as I will, that I am once more at large; and I hare dreamed that so often that I know not but this, too, may turn out a delusion.' 'Let me wake you up, then,' said the mercurial Tanist, and drawing his fist he gave him a smart box on the side of the head. ' Is that a delusion, think youP' Before Maguire could answer a watchman from behind grasped M'Mahon by the shoulder. 'What meaneth this, my masters— brawling on the street at an untimeous hour? Who be yeP' Startled by this apparition and the abrupt inquiry which it behoved them not to answer, the friends exchanged looks of alarm, and began to meditate flight, but a low, cautious laugh from old Lorcan made them cast their eyes on the supposed guardian of the night, and the next moment Maguire had clasped a small white hand that came suddenly out from beneath the loose sleeve of the watchman's coat. ' Thank God I' murmured a soft voice from under the Charley's clumsy cap, ' thank God! you are so far safe—but much caution is yet requisite. Hasten your steps.' 'But whither have you beenP' said Maguire, anxiously, as the two fell a pace or so behind; 'my escape seemed but half certain when I looked for you in vain.' 'Shall I tell the whole truth?' said the soft voice, and it slightly trembled. ' I was on my knees under a projecting arch, within sight of the tower but seeing it not, for I dared not raise mine eyes—oh, Connor! what I felt during those moments!—and I prayed, aye, even to Mary the Virgin Mother, for the first time in my life. I begged of her who had herself known human agony, to look with pity on mine, and bring you safe through that awful moment—nay, do not laugh.' ' Laugh, Emmeline! not for ten thousand worlds!' said the chief with thrilling earnestness. ' Sour words are as balm to my sorrow-worn heart—aye, precious as the honey-dew of eastern story. But where are you lodged P' 'At the house of this good man,' meaning Smithson, ' your uncle and I have been well accommodated, but now methinks it were well for us to go elsewhere—I, at least—until such time as you are all enabled to embark for Ireland, the which may not be for some weeks to come.' ' But whither—whither would you go P' Maguire anxiously inquired. 'Nay, fear not for me; there be relatives of my mother here in town to whom I will go in my own proper semblance, There, your uncle is looking hack, fearing, perchance, that some supernatural agency—whereof I know not hut he suspecteth me the possessor— May spirit you away beyond his ken! Being a watchman, I must fall fir behind, moreover, lest some prying eye might detect our companionship ! Pare you well!' ) Be that your spiritual counsellor P' said M'Mahon, finding his friend again alongside. * An' it be, I begin to inclue to your uncle's notions concerning th« guardian Bpirits of your race. I have not yet heard from you who or what this benefactor is, but, feeling that we owe our lives to him, her, or it, I desire to tender my share of the thanks due, at the next appearance of the gracious vision. I pray you bear that in mind, Unnor, lucky fellow as you needs must Whilstthese things were going on in we English metropolis, the belligerent PVtaeg in Ireland were pushing on the JW with increasing vigour and activity, yranond, with, the comparatively small at bw command, w$s rapidly over- running Jieinster, while Preston's levies were being raised and prepared for effective service. Lord Inchiuuin and Lord Broghill, with Coote, Vavasour, and other generals of note, were keeping their ground, and more than that, in Munster, notwithstanding that the Confederates were masters of the greater portion of that province. Muskerry and Mountgarret had gathered some laurels, and Colonel Butler had taken many a castle since the day he so chivalrously sent Lady Ormond in safety from Carrick's walls. O'Byrne had distinguished himself in many a skirmish with the enemy amongst his native mountains, and Sir John Netterville, with Richard Butler, a younger brother of Ormond, had also gained some advantages for the Confederates. The former had defended Netterville Castle during a protracted siege until relieved by a brigade under the command of Lord Dunboyne, another brave and efficient officer. Sir James Dillon and Sir Morgan Cavanagh had proved their prowess in various engagements with Ormond's forces on the fertile plains of Leinster. One and all they had gone forth from the Council Chamber in Kilkenny, where the Supreme Council still sat, filled with new ardour 1 and a more intense devotion to the sacred cause they had espoused. When Owen Roe and the other Ulster chiefs turned their steps homeward from Kilkenny, they found, on approaching their own borders that some new impetus had been given to the motions of the clans, especially those of Tyrone and Armagh. The whole country was in motion, and everwhere groups of men were seen with lowering brows and moody looks discussing some subject that seemed strangely to excite them. Weapons, too, were being whetted, and bows were newly strung, and the long javelins of tough mountain ash used with such tremendous effect by the Irish spearmen were everywhere seen in a forward state of preparation. The strangest thing of ail was that there was no information to be got as to the cause of this sudden commotion. In the border countries, on the outskirts of Ulster, the people seemed not to know. They had heard of a great rising to take place when Owen Roe got back from Kilkenny; nearer home there was word of some strange event that had come like a thunderbolt on tbe halfawakened clans and roused them to sudden fury. What had taken place no one could exactly tell, but it was something very terrible, as everyone said, and at last it assumed the vague though palpable form of' another black deed of the Sassums or Albinachs.' * 'But what—what is it P* 'Oh! the sorra one of me knows. Aren't they always at some devilment or another. But they say this was past the common, and the men are all on for a great battle as soon as the general comes home. Lord send him safe to us! I don't know what they're about up the country, but we want him badly here.' Owen Roe smiled at those who were with him on hearing this from an ancient dame but a few miles from Charlemont, ' Methinks,' said he, ' they are all bent on keeping us in the dark. But, hark! is not that the distant sound of wailing P Aye, is it—loud and many-voiced. Ride on, my men, for my heart tells me that some evil thing hath befallen our poor people.' The same excitement was visible all through the country, as the travellers dashed along at full speed; but Owen Roe asked no further questions till, reaching the banks of the Blaekwater, a short distance from the castle, where he intended to cross, he encountered a party of the Rapparees, with Florry Muldoon at their head, marching on foot in the direction of old Benburb. A hearty cheer of welcome burst from the brave fellows as they recognised the general ' Now, at least, we shall hear all,' said Owen, and accosting Florry, he demanded what it was that had set the country all in a blaze. ' The old story, general,' said the old apparee, with a kindling eye. 'The cotch devils, finding you and Sir helim and most of the chiefs away, roke in on us and carrjed off the cattle, nd—and -' 'And what elseP Did they kill anyne P' ' Well, and to be sure they did—tbe urdering villains, to-be sure they did. When did they ever come and go among uvwithout shedding blood P Och wirra! wirra! wirra!' '"Sut did they do much harm this timer asked Owen, with some strange presentment knocking at his heart. •It'B &>-,well for you ask no more questions, g.a era l dear,' said the wellknown voice Donogh; ' you'll know it all before la.„ am} BOrrow is time enough when it co\, g Away with you, Florry, and get ^em pikes from • TJie Gaelio «mw for Bootqi^ O'Flanagan if he has them ready. We'll be wanting them now, please God, when once the general's home again. Don't come back without them, and tell him I said so.' Revenge! revenge 1 .' shouted taie woodsmen; ' blood for blood!' I tell you it's at hand now,* said their young leader. ' Be off and do as I bid you, and you'll have it all the sooner.' In God's name, what is the meaning of all thisP' said O'Neill, as the Rapparrees marched away obedient to the asfc stern command. ' Here I find the country all astir. I am told darkly of cruel murders and robbery and what not, yet no man seemeth willing to give me much knowledge anent the mishap, whatever it be.' Why, the short and the long of it is, general,' said the young man, in a perturbed voice, ' Stewart came in at one side on us and Cole at the other, about ten days agone, and, thinking they'd have it all their own way, they killed and destroyed whatever came under their hands; and although we poor wood-kern peppered them well at times when we got tnem in detachments here or there, or wherever their numbers weire of no use to them, still the devils made, good their point, and fleeefcd the country right and left. Aye, and took some precious lives, too. But they did one depd fet last that brought vengeance on them swift and- sure, and drove them back to their lair again.' And what was that P' Come with me to Benburb, an* you be not over tired, and you will know all/ 'Tired!' said Owen. 'Why, an' I were hardly able to sit my horse I would go to have this mystery solved.^ What say you, friends and comrades P Most of those with him were followers or adherents, and all declared themselves willing to go, so turning their horses' heads, on they dashed in the wake of Donogh, who had jumped on a horse that was grazing by the river side, and, without saddle or bridle, kept his place in the van of the flying cavalcade. The wintry day was drawing to a close when they reached Benburb, and the deepening gloom of evening was settling cold and cheerless around the old castle, butaB Owen glanced upwards at its frowning walls, a light suddenly appeared through one of the narrow loop-holes, and the chieftain rubbed his eyes and looked again, for, to his knowledge, no living thing was within the ruined fortress. •Donogh!' said he, 'do mine eyes deceive me, or is that a light in the castle up yonder.' ' Indeed, then, it is, general, and look if there be not a green flag on the top. Well! myself didn't see that before— they got some of the boys to put it up, expecting the general's return,' he musingly said, partly to himself; ' but, come in, General O'Neill, and you'll find one to read your riddle!' The old stone staircase leading upwards from the hall was still, if not perfect, at least passable; and a stream of faint, flickering light from above made its rugged steps dimly visible through the yawning darkness of the hall beneath. A stillness like that of death brooded over the dreary spot, and many a stout heart would have feared To tempt the dangerous gloom, but Owen Roe, undeterred by the utter wildness and desolation of the scene, was only the more anxious to penetrate the mystery so suddenly connected with the old castle of his ancestors. ' Whither now P' said he in a whisper to Donogh, but the whisper, low as it was, awoke the echoes of the longdeserted hall. •Up—up, general! Only yourself, though, and me to show you the way/ 'By my father's grave, Captain Donogh,' said a fiery young follower of the chief, 'you do take us coolly—think you we came so far from our road to see or hear nothing, and stand shivering, moreover, in the cold, frosty air, among ghosts and goblins, and all such things, till mayhap it's enchanted we'd be ourselves P' j 'Never mind, Shane, my boy,'whispered the Rapparee in a soothing tone, for he heard most of the others grumbling in like manner, though not so loudly, ' we'll give you the front rank some of these days, and that will be more pledsing to you than what you'd see up yonder, for, God He knoweth, it is a pitiful sight!' Meanwhile Owen had made his way up the rough, moBS-grown staircase, his long sword clattering as he went, and the plume on his hat dancing with every step. Reaching the top, he stood still, transfixed, as it were, with wonder, we may not say affright. A scene was before him which he never forgot, never could forget, till his dying day. At the farther end of the. large square chamber on a oouch made of straw and mountain heather pilefl ft soap freight, lay heeted corpse, stiff, and wan, and ghastly n the light of three small tapers placed at the head. Close by knelt a female figure wrapped in a dark-coloured mantle, the folds of which could not conceal the xquisite symmetry and graceful outline of the form within. There was beauty, oo, and grace in the bowed head and he clasped hands and the statue-like epose of the whole figure. Around, like so many enchanted'beings, were a dozen r so of women of all ages, some kneelng, some squatted on the flagged floor, but all rocking to and fro after the manner of Irish mourners, and each tellng her beads devoutly. At the foot of the death-couch stood Angus Dhu, his arms folded and his tearful eyes fixed on the corpse. No sound from below had disturbed the mourners, and Owen's exclamation of wonder was the first intimation they got of other presence than their own. ' Mary, Mother!' cried the chieftain, Who have we hereP' and his voice trembled with a nameless fear. ' The general!' said Angus, joyfully. The women clapped their hands, and all but shouted for joy. The kneeling figure stood up and turned towards O'Neill—it was Judith O'Cahan ! (To be continued.) 