^^S^^HNfff3 poor t*g&*f v? 7®ars W Sib boursand canceYtheir own humble/ Tbeginfiwgenr ! ' 3&ffi;«liersCtfeB!dtng©ga)3 .'^J^ qj£' The poor idiots! Do they Wink anyone could look at that ;aEaneana^n6t1snowiihehanda^rere mv ' ''I ^taftj^ ? . i jNpi, would I were a bird I' i»j»e 3sang. And tbe yoang roan leaned lilf head wearily|upon his hand a^id inurmured : ? Would you . were, and the window ^ras open. ' (; ^; y - * There must be a fire somewhere' mi Jinkfc ' Why I didnt hear the beUs,' *«aid Snicks. 'Nor I,' replied jinks, -;|but.I just Baw a messenger boy running. ' ' I hear your coachman -ran ;ofi with £100 of your money. Are you going to try to recover^?' ' No, the poor fellow, will need it; my daughter went with him.1' Census Taker (to middle aged fe male) : ' How old«re you, madam ? , Female, ' I have ahem, seen nine teen summers' 'Have you al ways lived in the tropics ?' Do great calamities move in cycles asked Brown. ' They frequently do in bicycles, ' said Smithers, who had recently left three layers of hi» usual cuticle on a macadamised road. Fogg : ' I went to hear Gusher leigh° preach last Sunday.' j. 'Brown: 'Why I thought yon hated to hear him ?' ''? So I do ; but it vaas his farewell sermon. I went out of pure gratitude. ' Yes Agustus, we believe it is bet ter to have loved and lost than never to have loved. It is better for the jeweller, and the florist, and the messenger boy — and sometimes for the lawyers. 'A penny for your thoughts,' exclaimed Miss Gertie to young M'Goosley. 'Oh, aw — I don't want to wob you like that, doncher know, replied M'Goosley, and then he couldnt see why everybody laughed so uproariously. He (at midnight) : ' Funny cus tom the Chinese have. The hostess is ^xpected to notifiy the caller when it is time to go. ' She (with a sigh) : ' But we are in Australia \ ou know. ' ' Miss Lovelorn : ' Isn't it a pretty valentine Mr. De Garry sent me ?' Miss. Caustique : ' It's the very one he sent me last year. I returned it with all his letters when our en gagement was broken oft. ' Teacher : ' Willie, how would you feel if you should ask somebody for bread and be given a stone ?' Willie (a jeweller's son) : ' If it was, 1 not better than the one on your shirt front I'd feel awful.' ' I have this evening been preach- j( ing to a congregation of idiots, ' said a conceited young parson. ' Then that was the reason you al ways call them ' beloved brethren ? said a strong minded young woman. .- Ghost (at a seance) : ' Do you recognise me ?' Mrs. Topper (con fidentially) : ' Yes you are my late husband, John Topper. ' Ghost (surprised): 'How did you know me ?' Mrs. Topper (firmly) : ' I smelfc your breath, John. ' ' No, ' remarked Jonesby enthu siastically, ' there's nothing like the hot water .cure. It will brace a man up when all other remedies fail — er — Mrs. Slimdiet, just let me ' have a cup of tea, if you please ?' 