Diary of a Pilgrimage. By Jerome K. Jerome, Author of ' Three Men in a Boat,' &c.; (Continued. Half of Saturday, 24th, and some of Sunday, 25th, continued. — Nothing irritates a man more than being rapped over tbe toes, especially if he feels that he has done nothing to deserve it. He Bays, ' Oh, ? ! ' this time, and spasmodicaliy doubles up his legs, thus giving his knees a violent blow against the board at the side of the bed. ]The German bedstead,' be it re membered, is built in the form of a shallow open box, and the victim is thus completely surrounded by solid pieces of wood with sharp edges. I do not know what species' of wood it is that is employed. It is extremely hard, and gives forth a curious * musical sound when struck sharply with a bone.] After this he lies perfectly still for a while, wonder ing where he is going to be hit next. Finding that nothing happen?, he begins to regain confidence, and ventures to trendy feel around with his left leg and take stock of his position. For clothes, he has only a very thin blanket and sheet, and bent at h these be feels decidedly chilly. The bed is warm enough, so lar as it goes, but there is not enough of it. He draws it up around his chin, and then his feet begin to freeze. He pushes it down over his feet, and then all the top part of him shivers. He tries to roll up into a ball, so as to get the whole of himself underneath it, but does not succeed ; there is always some of him left outside in the cold. He reflects that a ' boneless wonder ' or a 'man serpent ' would be comfortable enough in this bed, and wishes that be had been brought up as a contortionist. If he could only tie his legs around his neck, and tuck his head in under his arm, all would yet be well. Never having been taught -o do any really useful tricks, such as theee, however, he has 'been, content to remain spread out, warming b bit of himself at a time. It is, perhaps, foolish of him, amid so many real troubles, to allow a mere a-sthetical consideration to worry him, bur, as he lies there on his back, looking down Ht himself, ibe sight that he presents to himself considerably nnnoyE him. Tbe pufted-up bed, resting on the middle of him, gires him tbe appearance of a man suffering from some, uionstrous swelling, or else of some except iunally weil-developfd frog that has bten turned up the wrong way and does not know how to get on to its legs again. Abother vexation that he has to contend with is thai, over? time -m move* a limb or breathes extra hard, tbe bed (which is only of down) tumbles off o:- to the floor. You cannot lean out of a German bed to pick up any thing off the floor owing to the boxlike formation, so be has to soramble out after it, and, of course, every time he does this he barks both his shins twice against the sides of the bed. When he has performed this feat for about the tenth time be concludes that it was madness for him, a mere raw amateur at the business, to think that he could manage a complicated tricky bed of this sort, that must take even an experienced man all he knows to sleep in it ; and gets out and camps on tbe Boor. At least, that is what 1 did. B ? is accustomed to German beds, and doubled himself up and went off to sleep without the slightest difficulty. We slept for two hours, and then got up and. went back to the railway station, where we dined. The rail way refreshment room in German towns appear to be as much patronised by the inhabitants of the town as by tbe travellers passing through. It is regarded as an ordinary restaurant, and used as such by tbe citizens. We found the dining room at Cologne station crowded with Cologneists. (If I am not mistaken, Cologne— originally ?? Colonja'— owes its name to the fact that it was founded by colonists from Rome and other places, so I suppose I am ethnologically correct in still calling tbe modern inhabitants of the place Cologneists —not that it matters to mo if I am not.) All classes of citizens were there, but especially soldierE. There were all sorts of soldiers— soldiers of rank, and soldiers of rank and file ; attached soldiers (very much attached, apparently) and soldiers un attached ; stout soldiers, thin soldiers ; old soldiers, young soldiers. Four very young soldiers sat opposite us, drinking beer. I never saw such young soldiers out by themselves before. They each looked about 12 years old, but may have been 13 ; and thej each looked, also, ready and willing to storm a battery, if the order were given them to do it. There they sat, raising and lower ing their huge mugs of beer, discussing military matters, and rising every now and again to gravely salute some officer as he passed, and as gravely receive his grave salute in return. There seemed to be a deal of saluting to be gone through. Officers kept entering and passing through the room in an almost continual stream ; and every time one came in sight all the military drinkers and eaten rose and saluted, and remained at the salute until the officer had passed. One young soldier, who was trying to eat a plate of soup near us, I felt quite aorry for. Every time he got the spoon near his mouth an officer invariably hove in view, and down would have to go the spoon, soup and all, and up he would have to rise. It never seemed to occur ti- the silly fellow to get under the table and finish his dinner there. We had half-an-hour to spare between dinner and the starting of our train, and £ ? suggested that we should go into the cathedral. That is B ? 's one weak ness—churches. I have the greatest difficulty in getting him past a church door. We are walking along a street, arm in arm, talking as rationally and even as virtuously as need be, when all at once I find that B— — ? has become silent and abstracted. I know what it is ; he has caught sight of a church. I pretend not to notice any change in him, and endea vour t o hurry him on. Be lags more and more behind, hbwever, and at last stops altogether. ' Come, come,' 1 say to him, encouragingly, ?' pull yourself together, and be a man! Don't think about it. Put it behind you and determine that you won't be conquered. Come, we shall be round the corner in another minute, where you won't be able to Bee it. Take my hand, and let's run.' He makes a few feeble steps forward with me, and then stops again. II It's no good, old man,' he Bays, with a sickly smile, so full of pathoB that it is impossible to find it in one's heart to feel anything but pity for him. ** 1 can't help it. I have given way to this sort of thing too long. It is too late to reform now. You go on and get a drink somewhere ; I'll join you again iu a few minutes. Don't worry about me, it's no good.' And back he goes with tottering steps, while I sadly pass on into the nearest cafe, and, over a class of absinthe or cognac, thank Providence that I learnt to control my craving for churches in early youth, and bo am not now like this poor B ? . Iu a little while he comes in, and sits down beside me. There is a wild, unhealthy excitement in his eye, and, under a defiant air of unnatural gaiety, he attempts to bide his consciousness of guilt. ' It was a lovely altar cloth,' he whispers to me, with an enthusiasm that only makes one sorrow for him the mote, so utterly impossible does it cause all hope of cure to seem. '* And they've eot a coffin in the north crypt thai is simply a poem. 1 never enjoyed a sarcophagus more in all my life.' I do not say much at the time ; it would be useless. But. after the day is done, and we are standing beside our little beds, and all around is as silent as one can expect it to be in an hotel where people seem to be arriving all night long with heavy luggage, and to be nil more or less in trouble, I argue with him, and gently reprove him. To avoid the appearance of sermonising as much as possible, I put it on mere grounds of expediency. ' How are we to find time,' I say, 'to go to all the places that we really ought to go to— to all the cafes, and theatres, and music- haUs, and beer-gardens, and dancing saloons that we want to visit, if you waste half the precious day loafing about churches and cathedrals.' He is deeply moved, and promises to swear off. He vows, with tears in his voice, that he will never enter a church door again. But next morning, when the temptation comes, all bis good resolutions are swept away, and again he yields. It is no good being angry with* him, because he evidently does really try, but there is something about the mere odour of a church that he simply cannot withstand. Not knowing then that this weakness of his for churches was so strong, I made no objection to the proposed visit to Cologne Cathedral ; and, accordingly, towards it we wended our way. B ? has seen it be fore and knows all about it He tells me it was begun about the middle of the 19th century, and was only completed ten years ago. It seems to me that there most have been gross delay on the part of die builder. Why, a plumber would be ashamed to take as long as that over a job ! ? B ? also asserts that the two towers are the highest church towers in the world. I dispute this, and depre- . cate the towers generally. B ? warmly defends'them. He eaye they are higher than any building in Europe, except the Eiffel Tower. ' Oh dear, no.' I say; ' there are many buildings, higher than they in Europe— to say nothing of Asia and. America.' I have no authority for making this assertion. As a matter of fact, I know nothing whatever about the matter. I merely say it to irritate B ? . He appears to take a sort of personal interest in the building, and he enlarges upon its beauties and advantages with as much fervour as if he were an auctioneer trying to sell the place. He retorts that the towers are 512 feet high. I say, ' Nonsense ; somebody has imposed upon you because they see you are a foreigner.' He becomes quite angry at this, and says he can show me the figures in the guide book. ' The guide book ! ' I reply, scornfully ; 'you'll believe a newspaper next.' B ? asks me indignantly what height 1 should say they are, then. I examine them critically for a few minutes, and then give it as my opinion that they do not exceed 510 feet at the very outside. B ? seems annoyed with me, and we enter the church iu silence. There is little to be said about a cathedral. Except to the professional sightseer, one is very much like another. Their beauty to me lies not in die paintings and sculpture they give houseroom to, nor in the bones and bric-a-brac piled up in their cellars, but in them selves — their echoing vastness. their deep silence. Above the little homes of men, above the noisy teeming streets, they rise like some soft strain of perfect music, cleaving its way amid tbe jangle of discordant notes. Here, where the voices of the world sound faint ; here, where the city's clamour comes not in, it is good to rest for a while— if only the pestering guides would leave oce alone - and think. There is much help in silence. From its touch we gain renewed life. Silence is to the s6nl what his mother earth was to Briareus. From contact with it we rise healed of our hurts and strengthened for the fight. Amid the babel of the schools we stand bewildered and affrighted. Silence gives us peace and hope. Silence teaches us no creed, only that God's arms are around the universe. How small and unimporlant seem all our fretful troubles and ambitions when we stand with them in our hand before tbe great calm face of Silence. We smile at them ourselves, and are ashamed. . Silence teaches us how little we are -how great we are. In the world's market-places we are tinkers, tailors, apothecaries, thieves— respectable or otherwise, as tbe case may be— mere atoms of a mighty machine — mere insects in a vast hive. It is only in silence that it comes home to us that we are something much greater than this— that we are MEN, with all the universe and all eternity before us. It is in silence we hear the voice of Truth. The temples and the marts of man echo all night and day to the clamour of lies and shams and quackeries. But in silence, falsehood cannot live. You cannot float a lie on silence. A lie has to be puffed aloft and kept from falling by men's breath. .Leave a He on the bosom of silence, and it sinks. A truth floats there fair and stately, like some stout ship upon a deep ocean. Silence buoys her np lovingly for all men to see. Kot until she has grown worn out and rotten, and is no longer a troth, will the waters of silence close over her. Silence is the only real thing we can lay hold of in this world of passing dreams. Time is a shadow thht will vanish with the twilight of humanity. But silence is a part of the eternal. Ail things that are true and lasting have been taught to men's hearts by silence. Among all nations there should be vast temples raised where the people might worship Silence and listen to it, for it is the voice of God. These fair churches and cathedrals that men have reared around them throughout the world have been built as homes for mere creeds— this one for Protestant ism, that one for Romanism, another for Mahomedan iem. But God's Silence dwells in all alike, only driven forth at times by the tinkling of their bells and the mumbling of their prayers, and, in thm, it is good to sit awhile aud have communion with hen We strolled round before we came out. Just by the entrance to the choir an official stopped me and asked me if I wanted to go and see a lot of fal-lal things he had got on show — relics aud bones, and old masters, and such like Wardour-street rubbish. I told him no, and attempted to pass on ; but he said, *c No, no. You don't pay, you don't go in there,' and shut the gate. He said this sentence in English, and the precision and fluency with which he delivered it rather suggested the idea that it was a phrase much in request, and one that he had had a good deal of practice in. It is very prevalent throughout Germany, this custom of not allowing you to go in to see & thing unless you pay. We returned to the sta'ion just in time to get com fortable seats, and at 5.10 steamed out upon our fifteen hours' run to Munich. From Bonn to Maj'ence the line keeps by the side of the Rhine nearly the whole of the way, and we had a splendid view of the river, with the old world towns and villages that cluster round its bank, the misty mountains that make early twilight upon its swiftly-rotting waves, the castled crags and precipices that rue up sheer and majestic from its margin, the wooded rocks that hang with threatening frown above its sombre depths, the ruined towers and turrets that cap each point along its shores, the pleasant isles that stud like gems its broad expanse of waters. Few things in this world come up to expectation, especially those things of which one has been ltd to expect much, and about which one has heard a good deal. With this philosophy running in my head, I was prepared to find the Rhine a much over-rated river. I was pleasantly disappointed. The panorama whit h unfolded itself before our eyes, as we sped along through the quiet twilight that was deepening into starry night, was wonderfully beautiful, entrancing, and impressive. I do not intend to describe it to yon. To do justice : to the theme, I should hare to be even a more brilliant and powerful writer than I am. To attempt the sub ject without doing it justice, would be a waste of your time, sweet reaier, and ot mine — a still more important matter. I confess that it was not my original intention to let you off so easily. I started with the idea of giving you a rapid but glowing and eloquent word picture of 'the valley of the Rhine from Cologne to Mayence. For background, I thought I would sketch in the historical and legendary events connected with tbe district, and, against this, for a' foreground, I would draw, in vivid colours, the modern aspects of the scene, with remarks and observations thereon. Here are my rough notes, made for the purpose : — Mems. for Chapter on Rhine. — *? Constantine the Great used to come here— so did Agrippa. (N.B. — Try and find out something about Agrippa.) Caesar had a good deal to do with the Rhine— also Nero's mother.' (To the reader. — The brevity of these memoranda renders their import, at times, confusing. For instance, this means that Caesar and Nero's mother both had a good deal to do with the Rhine ; not that Cassar had a good deal to do with Nero's mother. I explain this because I should be sorry to convey any false impression concerning either the lady or Cajsar. Scandal is a thing abhorrent to my nature.) Notes continued. — ' The Ubii did something on the right bank of the Rhine at an early period, and after wards were found on the other side. (Expect the Ubii were a tribe, but make sure of this, as they might be something1 in the fossil lice.) Cologne was the cradle of German art. Talk about art and the old masters. Treat them in a kindly and gentle spirit. They are dead now. Saint Ursula was murdered at Cologne, with eleven thoasaud virgin attendants. There must have been quite a party of them. Draw powerful and pathetic iuiatiuary picture of the slaughter. (N.B. — Find out who muidered them all.) Say something about the Emperor Maximilian. Call him the ' Mighty Maximilian.' Mention Charlemagne (a good deal snnuld be made out of Charlemagne) and the Franks. (Find out all about tbe Franks, and where they lived, and what has become of them.) Sketch tbe various contest* between the Romans and the Goths. (Read up ' Gibbon ' for thie, unless you can get enough out of * Mangaall's Questions.') Give picturesque accounts, with comments, of the battles between tbe citizens of Cologne and their haughty archbishops. (N.B.— Let them fight on a bridge over the Rhine, unless it is distinctly said somewhere that they didn't). Bring in the Minne-singers, especially Waiter von Vogleweid; make him sing under a castle wall somewhere, and let the girl die. Talk about Albert Diirer. Criticise his style. Say it's fiat. (If possible, find out if it is flat.) 'The rat tower on the Rhine,' near Bingen. Describe the place and tell the whole story. Don't spin it out too long, because every body knows it. 'The Brothers of Bornhofen,' story connected with the twin castles of rfterrenberg and Liebenhtein. Conrad and Heinrich— brothers— both love Hildegarde. She was very beautiful. Heinrich generously rol'uees to marry the beautiful Hildegarde, and goei' away to tbe Crusades, leaving her to his brothtr Conrad. Conrad considers over the matter for a year or two, and then he decides that he won't marry her either, but will leave her for his brother Heinrich. and he goes off to the Crusades, from whence he returns,' a few yeard later on, with a Grecian bride. The beautiful H., muddled up between the pair of them, and the victim of too much generosity, gets sulky (don't blame her), and shuts herself up in a lonely part of the cattle, and won't see anybody for years. Chivalrous .Heinrich returns, and is wild that his brother C. has not married the beautiful H. It does not occur to him to marry the girl himself even then. The feverish yearning displayed by each of these two brothers, that the other one should marry the beloved Hildegarde is very touching. Heinrich draws his sword, and throws himself upon his brother C. to kill him. The beautiful Hildegarde, however, throws her self between them and reconciliateu them, and then, convinced that neither of them means business, and naturally disgusted with the whole affair, retires into a nunnery. Conrad's Grecian bride subsequently throws herself away on another man, upon which Conrad throws himself on his brother H.'s breast, and they swear eternal friendship. (Make it pathetic Pretend you have sat amid the tuins in the moonlight, and give the scene — with ghosts.) ' Rolandseck,' near Bonn. Tell the story of Roland and Hildeunde (see * Baedecker,* p. 66). Don't make it too long, because it is so much like the other. Describe the funeral ? The ' Watch Tower on the Rbine ' below Audernach. Query, isn't there a song about this 'i If so, put it in. Coblentz and Ehrenbreitstein. Great fortresses. Call them 'the Frowning Sentinels of the State.' Make reflections on tbe German army, also on war generally. Chat about Frederick the Great. (Read Carlyle's history of him, and pick out the interesting bits.) 'The Drachen'fels. Quote Byron. Moralise about ruined castles, generally, and describe tbe middle ages, with your views and opinions on same.' There is much more of it, but that is sufficient to let you see the. scheme I had in my head. I have not carried out my scheme, because, when I came to reflect upon the matter, it seemed to me that the idea would work out into something that would be more after the nature of a history of Europe than a chapter in a tourist's diary, and I determined not to waste my time upon it until there arose a greater public demand for a new history of Europe than there appears to exist at present. ' Besides,' I argued to myself, ' such a work would be just the verj? thing with which to beguile tae tedium of a long imprisonment At some future time I may be glad of a labour oi this magnitude to occupy a period of involuntary inaction.' ' This is the sort of tiling,' I said to myself, ?' to save up for Hollowayor Pentonville.' It would have beeu a very enjoyable ride altogether that evening's spin alonsr Ihe banks of tbe Rhine if I had not been haunted ail th9 time by the idea that I should have to write an account of it next day in my diary. As it was, 1 enjoyed it as a man enjoys a dinner when he has got to make a speech after it, or as a critic enjoys a play. We passed tuch odd little villages every here and there. Little places so crowded up between the railway and the river that there was no room in them for anv streets. All the houses were jumbled up together just anyhow, and how any man who lived iu the middle could get home without climbing over half the other houses in the place I could not make ont. They were tbe sort of villages where a man's mother-in- law, coming to pay him a visit, might wander around all day, hearing him, and even now and then seeing him, and never being able to get at him in consequence of not knowing the way in. A drunken man, living in one of these villages, could never hope to get home. He would have to sit down outside, acd wait till his head was clear. {To be continued.) AN AUSTRALIAN NYCTOPHILUS. THE SMOOTH-BARKED APPLE-TREE— ANGOPHORA LANCEOLATA. [See Page 931.J [See Agricultural Columns.] 