IHoveUoU THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ? OR, Lady Clietwynd's Spcctrc. By MBS. UAEEIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XXIV.- (CONTINUED.) . Ho then .rapidly sketched his .visit to St, Kilda; bis falling in love with Berriice, their marriage, her death, and-hcr repeated appearance to him since her burial. At the. conclusion of the narrative. Chetwynd breathed heavily, bis face ghastly pale, bis blue eyes wild and strange in their eager wistfulness and yearning. "A strange illusion," said Bissetplacidly. " I heard of a man once who fancied himself \- a tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de lusion by being placed upon a hot stove. And you, my lord, believe yourself to be baunted? Tbs delusion is not unprece dented, A thousand men have deemed": themselves baunted. By the by, the Miss Monk you mention i» your lordship's be trothed tfife, is she not V Yes. We are to be married next month," replied Chetwynd, gloomily. , " It is; desirable, then, "that yon should rid your mind o£ this singular: delusion as early as possible," remarked Bisset, quietly. . . Vr; " Yon have not heard all. . You Ihink me \>a'monomaniac, I see; but listen. . When' my i A9ife,last appeared to mo-the, night before | last-I ?'.??.?pursued-, her, I bounded after i her' down the Ion® aisles, of the con servatory; ; I :grasped at her; I caught her . sleeve " ."v '??V;-.- : ? . . ^? ?? ' " Ah 1" breathed Bisset. ' " And I tcfe from it this bit of lace, a real i tangible proof that the fjarments at least -'. we're not spectral. Look 1" ' ; = vChetwynd ..torli from his pocket a tiny 1 packetj which, being undone, ?was; found to I consist of a yellow, wrinkled, nnd torn scraps of old point lace. ' Bisset and Tempest examined the lace '.'with eager curiosity. .. "This puta a new.view upon the matter, Iviny lord,"vsaid the detcctiv'p, speakinj? no longer in a drawl, but* in; a q«ijck, business ' Voice. ? Your speetre^was a living woman. How was el c dressed ?" J, " . ^ -".In her butini robes-a long, white milt .c-sV gown;- cut Equate at thc-nock< with frills of lace'iiko Hhat<. hiding' her; fair bosom, and xi with sleeves cut oil at the elbows and °d?cd ' with lace. She haa always appeared to me . in the same drers." > ' Hurii T'said Mr.-Biss'Jh ? " lias anyone ; ;else'Been this white-robed - angel besides yourself,"my lord?" . . "Miss Monk saw her, and believed her a ghost. No oho else saw her. She conies and goes liko r. shadow. I believe her to be 0 living vomau. But who is she? But ;? that I lsnow Bernicetobc drad- What is v.this mystery, Mr.'Bisset? I have sent for. rjyou; to probe it.'V . ?! 1 should say, at first glanca," said the officer," that some young woman was trade ' i og'" upon her resemblance to the late Lady Ghetwynd; :Ti:ere is i\o doubt, of course, " that Lady Chetwynd is dead?" : " She died in my: arms, and" lav for six . . days in ray house unburied, arid I then con- J .;??' signed her to the Chetwynd family vault iu j ! the Chetwynd parish, church," declared his I !. lordship, solemnly. " And yet, Sir. Bisset, . ] I can swear that that scrap of lace came I from my wife's burial robe. The pattern is * peculiar," you will observe." . ' " Had lady Chetwynd much of this lace among her effects ?" aslccd Bisset. " None of that pattern except upon the \dress in which she was buried. The gown . wns made for her in London." A* We'll look into; the matter of this lace, my lord. "Whoever is counterf eitinsc the dead Lady Chetwynd is. doing so skilfully, ! without regard to trouble or expense, and consequently with an object/ What that object is we must determine. Do you know of anybody who is averse to your marriage , with Miss Motik V "Ido not. My marriage with her is re garded "as a matter oE course," replied Lord Chetwynd. "I was engaged to marry her years ago', but she broke the engagement 1 ment just before I went away on the cruise i that resulted in my marrioge to Bernice. ! My wife, in dying, urged me to marry again; and since my return,although I have ' not ceased in my love arid fidelity to the dead, I have renewed my former engage ment with Miss Monk." - " Hum I" said-Mr. Bisset j and somehow he uttered the simple ejaculation in a ~ manner that made it pregnant with mean ing You must not ;deem me ovcr ? - curious, -my lord, but -as- you have desired me to assist in the solution of the mystery of Lady Chetwynd's spectre, I must ask you to be perfectly'frank with me, and to give I ??,??- me considerable information that will seem, . perhaps, to have no bearing upon the matter I in question. I must know every member of V your household, servants and all. To \ begin with the chief personage next to your j self, my lord; who is Miss Monk V' The marquis fancied that the officer's questions were growing intrusive, and he ... replied, coldly:'?"??' ' "She is my step-sister and promised wife. She is the daughter of my mother's second " - liusband, Colonel Monk." i " Born in lndin, my lord ?" ? The marquis bowed with a suspicion of haughtiness.' .'And-her-brother is here, also, my lord?" . . , "He is, at present. He is Teadmg law with Seotsby & Newman, of "Chancery lane." '' Hum. 1- I know Seotsby <fc Newman,' .said Mr: Bisset, coolly. " Excellent firm, :go' Mr. Gilbert Monk is reading law with Micro ? Thank?, my lortl. Ami Mr. Monk, I suppose, was also bora in India. . I have a partiality for India and India people. I %'r.a born in India, my father being an officer of the East India Company. I was out there during my first ten years, and I've been back since attaining my man hood. I suppose I know as mucii of India and the natives as any crca'of my age living. , ' , . The carriage foiled on through the 'vil lage and up the hill beyond, entering the shadows of the park, and soon reached the house. ' I The young marquis conducted his truest, Mr. Tempest, and the detective, Mr. Bisect, to the library. Here his lordship, at Bisset's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Cbctwj'nd's spectre and the facts connected with its repeated appcarnncc3, submitting to bo cross examined even to the minutest de tails. The damiy-like oilicsr dropped bia little ailcctali«n3 of oyc-^lass ?.ivl drawl, and listened with a keen interest, and ex hibited a cool, calm judgment, a clear per ception, ar.d an aculenes3 and shrewdness that cat-scd Lord'Ciictwynd to revoke his "earlier opinion of and to ce3pcct and have faith in him. " I am to pass as your guest, my lord, equally wiib your actual guest. Llr, Tem pest," said Ihesllicer, when Chetwynd had given all the information in his power. : *- .How many people in your house, my lord, know me in my true character ?" 14 Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tem pest, and mys°H," was the response. The housekeeper, butler and under servants, of course, are in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. They have been told that I expect a guest." 1 "Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr. Monk know me only as your guest," said the officer. . '-Men of my profession like to work in secret. Most ladies have a ! maid or confidential attendant to whot^ they impart a good share of their secrets, and these maids are sieves, for ths most part. But to return to business. Will you tako mc to your conservatory, drawing room, and music-room, and point' out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will call your visitor a spectre for the present, 1 my lord- appeared to your lordship ?" - Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if be would accompany them. j «' If you please," said the great explorer. He lea Tempest and the ofiiecr to the drawiug and music rooms, and pointed out the spots where Bernice had first and last appeared-bow she bad cscapcd the pursuit, running down the aisle of the conservatory, aud out at the open dcor. Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then said : "My lord,I will undertake the solution of this mystery, but I desire you to leave the whole matter in my hands. Permit me to come and go about the bouse at will, to question your servants, and have a night key to one of your outer doors, and to com port mj-self in all respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family." . 5 " Your may make your own terms, Mr. Bisset," said the ! marquis. " I resign the manng.ment of the matter into youi bande." His, lordship - showed ?'his . guests . their,, rooms^ and a ^littlo later ', luncheon- was anc3unccdv Mis's~ Monk - did* 'not appear at table,', but/Gilbert came in:' boyish/ of aspcct, wl,fch a ]oviat 8 mi1 e bn - iiis awafthy ;facc, and- a great iiffcctalion' of ." light: heaTtedncss infbis manner. :-»?' ~ .Chetwynd . introduced bis ; sfep-brothcr to his distinguished guest, and to the de tective officer; Monk greeted them cour teously. ' Mr. Biiset bad resumed his drawl and'the use of his .eye-glass. He appeared to Monk a mere dandy,-whose skill in lii3 profession was a matter,of doubt, and Monk conceived a great contempt for him. : : " Of course,, Mr. Biescfc," said Monk, at an cayly pause in the conversation, speaking with a* flight tinge of superiority in his manner, as to a social inferior, " you have heard all about Lady Chetwynd's spectre? You are the gentleman from Scotland Yard, I take it-, as Mr. Tempest is well known to everybody, by name at least, as the great traveller and explorer. Ghetwjnd, Park, altbongb one of the grandest residences in England, has hitherto lacked that crowning chai-m-au authentic.'ghost. The deficiency appears to/be - supplied at last, ?* and the Park may fairly be said to be baunted ?' . , Tlie Hipp *ncy of this address, and the oil band illusion;,to Lady Chetwyrd, whoso name the marquis could not yet bear with out pain", surprised and disgusted Monk's listeners. '. He bad meant to seem boyish and thoughlles3, but he had in reality appeared coarse and heartless. - <l Porhnps you can gi ve me some informa tion, Mr. Monk," said the dctcctive, quiet'y. "Lird Chetwynd tells mo that you were sfanding in the doorway of the conservatory looking out upon the enrderi upon the fi'st ni"bt oE the spectre's appearance, Mr. Monk, and jet you say you saw nothing .of her." . '' Nothing whatever." ; Just then the butler opened the door, and came in with a yellow envelope upon the salver, which l;c presented to Mr. Monk, saying, apologetically: " A telegram, sir, which a mounted, mes senger has juet brought over from East bourne, and says is to be delivered, imme diate, sir." Monk took up the envelope and tore it open. It wa9 dated at London that very morn ing, and had been delivered with commend able promptness. It was brief, containing theae words: " The runaway client has turned op. No barm has. been done. All is well. The client will be held until you come. You can take your own time, The client not being well, cannot be removed under a week, and in the meantime you can feel assured that all is safe. . S'cotscy.& Newjian." ? Monk read tho message twice. It was from Flack, his trusted confederate, ns he well knew. The form of the message be had himself dictated beforehand, in view of this emergency. He comprehended its meaning, Bernice .was safe in the hands of Flack and Mrs. Crowl. An evil py and exultation flamed up into his swarthy face, and an evil gleam lighted" up his "small, black eyes. Safe 1 Safe! lie could defy old Kagee and her haired of Lady Chetwynd now. lie could defy Bisset and all Scotland Yard. Bernice and hi3 secret were safe 1 .Calming himself by an effort, he said to the butler: "There's no answer. Here's a h&lf; sovereign for the messenger. Send him to the Chetwynd inn to bait bis horse, and tell him to have the bill1 charged to me. That's all." lie gave the butler a gold piece, and that functionary departed. Then for the third time Monk read his letter exultantly.;; He looked up at last with a sense of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carelessly toward him. "Have you good news, Gilbert 2" asked Lord Chetwynd. " Excellent news, my lord. It's a tele gram, from Scotsby & Newman, and on business, too. It announces, simply that a little speculation I entered into a while since ha3 turned out a success. And of course I'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as X am can afiord to laugh even at small suc cesses." Monk crumpled up bis telegram, thrust it in his pocket, and then gave himself up to a few minutes' meditation. He did not deem it wise to proceed im mediately to London. lie desired to watch the movements of the detective officer, and to divert him, if possible, from any approach to the tiutb. lie feared that his departure oa the . very day of Bisset's arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon him- | self. As Bernice was safe in the hands'of his allies, and not well enough to be Temoved to Mawr Castle, he could afford to wait a week before going on to see her. He felt it necessary to communicate with Flack and Mrs. Growl immediately, and as sccrclly as possible. Accordingly, directly after lunrbeon, he went to bis own room to write a letter to hi:, confederates. Bisset excused bima^If, and wandered away by himself. V Lord Chetwynd ordered oat a pair of thoroughbreds, and with Tempest went out for a 3'.vift gallop through the park and over the estate. Some two hours afterward Chetwynd and Tempest rode slowly through the village, cf Chetwynd-by-Sea, ani ascended the hill that lid to the park. In advance of them a | slender, ^antiemanly figure wa3 walking j slowly, twirling in or.e gloved band a small cane, or vvalhing-siick, ana smoking .1 i cigar.. \- " It is Mr. Bisset," said Tempest. " He's been dovn to the village." ~ " What can he hope to discover by a visit at the village inn ?" said Chetwynd. " He kuows liis own business, I suppose, how ever. 1 fancy that foppishness of his is a n>.ask he likea to wear because his real nature, which ho hides beneath it, is bo different." " At this moment Bisset, who was slill in aclvancp of the riders, paused nt the small lower pate of the park, and looked in. Gil bert Monk was in the very act of opening the gate, having a' letter in his hand, whisli ho was conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to the butler aud the post ba<r. . Bisset stepped back, raising his hat to Monk, who thrust his letter in his pockct and-came out, securing the gate behind him. ; At this juncture Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest came up, and reined in their horsed ~ "I see that you have been over to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. " I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystery of the spectre is known to but a very few, and no one outside the Park, ex cepting Doctor Hartright, of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailiil. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village." - "I beg leave to differ with your lord ship," said Bisset, rcspcctfully. ,. V I have obtained light upon the mystery even in. the village." The three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. " "I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to be imposed "upon, sir," said Monk, with a sneer. " You would do better to concentrata your attentions upon the house maids." '' Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. He raised bis hat, and moving aside*out or Monk's path, passed on. Monk went his way toward the village, and Chetwynd and Tempest cantercd oa toward the Parir. ? . .. There was a strange smile on the Dun dreary face of the detective officer as he daintily-picked his way,, and proceeded slowly in the direction the marquis and the explorer had gone. 'IIow Mr.. Monk .does despise me,,to be sxirCjV.bs said to himself.; ?' He- thinks me :ft fop cf the first water, a regular swell; you know.*. But about this;mystery-my;-in-;;; ten st iu it grows upon aibi X^have not lost time since I came; of that I'm certain. And I think I've gained something like a clue that will lead mc to success. -Tom Bisset* isn't in his dotage yet." Wljistling softly to himself, lie passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered slowly up the avenue toward the mansion. Mis3 Monk was walking to find fro on the marble terrace, as wa3 her daily custom. Bisset suspected her identity at once, and stepping back into a deeper, shadow caused by the tree she stopped to regard her. . 