CECKMIATED. - Br CAPTAIN L'EsrA.sN?E?. The world had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West.end clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle--the only living relative I had, excepting a half-cousin from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, and. as the phrase goes, had "great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add to mny chagrin at finding myself comparatively with out means, 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the " cold shoulder" from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myseolf decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expeon sive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year-the rentritof a small lauded property bequeathed to me b my my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them : but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve mouths' income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief be tween us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. Hiowever, although parting in anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that Irealised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; butsome fhow, although so near of an age. as well as bhing relatives and frequenutlymeeting, we had never taken kindly to each othcu-. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and sme had been wrought by Master Jack Msortimer, and deter. that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of g.nubling-of having lost upwnards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting -which was utterly false; for whatever my failings. the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amolongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's mantor, with no luggiage beyond a small travel ling bag andt a rug. T'he little market town where I alighted was bit five miles from the Itall. and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to warlk the distance, leaving my encumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, theuupleasaat feeltsg was strong upon me thst my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered eople, his passion was soon over; and yet, when disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved on many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old servants-a strange experience to me than to have to send in my name-that " the squire " would come to mein the library at once. Whatever feeling of hope might have been in my heart as to a reconcillation between us suddenly leftit asmy uncle entered. His hand some and asually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes ds they met mine which I had never seen before "Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," le said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behind him, "that you have the effrontery to come to this hosse ?-you, who have disgraced the name you bear- dis graced the memos of your gallant father, who died for his country-and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me ?" " I fail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. "If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try" "Pshaw !" he interrupted. "Honest men have gambled; and in time I might have for given it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had piassed. But you you, a Mortimer-to stoop to forgery." " It is false," I cried-" false as the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth t" "Gerald Mlortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire; "for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And, as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast of his shooting-jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a -smaller piece of paper. "Examine that, sir," he added, "and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your own signature?" I could scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was i dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uncle. "Well, sir," asked he, impatiently, "what have you to say '" " That I have never seen this document be fore to-day." I answered. " What!" he thundered. " Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as Ido my own ?" "I do deny it I" I added, passionately. " The signature is so good all imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might de ceive even myself: but I swear to you, Ssir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life.," I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again witha puzzled look, for, as willpresently appear, there was some contirm atorv evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added: "Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance t" " Yoe," he replied, " that is only fair. ' As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers. who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledoge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learnedthat it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should le taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be insti tuted: and the person in whose hands it was a West-end money-ledsser-asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further,that youwere known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to him. " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. "I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions wath him-in fact, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald MIortimer ?" asked my une, after a pause. "I do, sir," I added, "aad I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money. lender." "You will stay here until to-morrow,"' said my uncle, looking at his watch. "I want time to think, and to talk the matter overquietly." "If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter minedlvr. "The answering of an infamous charge'like this admits of no delay." "l But you have beenI travelling all night, I expect," added the squire, "and require some rest, surely?" The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to the raihvay station, beiag just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'clock found me at the office of the money. lender who had held the forged acceptance. and who had asserted that he had received it from muuch to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at busi ness till the morrow. There was but osao soli tary clerk in tlhec ofifice, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, aud, as it occurred to me, as though I was not usnknown to him: and nmoreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After lenviog the money-lender's office I strolled along P'icendilly to the park. Being just thln in tile height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Row was pretty full of equestrians, many of cwhom were known to me. Ihad been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a caxnage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable label and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affection gave me a little bow and a half-frightened smile; but, to my disgust and anger, tie gentleman vouch safed not the slightest ackmnowleddgment to my a-tutation. Considonng that, if not actually a accepted suitor of his daughter, my pretenlcusions had not been ignored, anid that for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to sany the lest or it, offensive. Ifoweveor, I was only heing taught the differeuce between an heir- presumptive to much wealth and a young man witch two hundred hounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd ex;aerionce of life, but of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparal. leled impatidence and audaelty that surely man ever encountered. About the samue hour as on the previous morning once more called at the office of the moneyloender, bill discounter, or whateverhe mighth style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, uaunoiincect as to name. He was young, well.dre?sed, and not bad looking, and received me' with' a very cool nod. no When I tell you tlt I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," I said, "you will guess the object of my visit." "There is 'no occasion to give me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to remember it and you. It beats mbe,Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you haves the assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bill." "You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow ihat I have had transactions with you. "Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. "No," Iadded, " Ihave nothing more to say to you. The policeare the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you aid your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have for'ed or counived at the forgery of both my uinco's signature and mine, andyou shall suffer for it." The sconudrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room-u scoffing, mocking laugh that 1 could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the ihands of thie police authorities; andI actually went some distance towards Charing Cross with that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. He was a man myseniorby onlya year or two-for we had been school fellows-blut one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On reaching his chambers in the Albany he re ceived mekiindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said: " . rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I I question if your first idea of going direct to SSctlatid Yard would not have been the best thing youcould have done. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Mine with me to night, go with me to the opera, arnd then you shall have imy decision before we part." " Agreed!" I answered; and having 'gone r home to dress I joined my friend Inter on. Over dinner he told me that lie had already [come to the conclusion that I must see the Spolice, and it was arranged that he should Sccomupany moto Scotland Yard on the follow tug ornming. It was ratherlate when we got a to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed f out the ballet. On getting down into the lobby a there was a bit of a crush,for there had been a svery full house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, a somebody pushed against me-rudely, as it r seemed- and I turned to see who was the aggressor. , To my astonishment I- discovered a that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, wans t the rascally money-lender with whom Ihad had 1the interview that niorning. He *as evidently s only waiting to see the people depart, for he , was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, Sthere was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his I face. r Possibly the push which the fellow gave mu t might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, and without a 1 thought of where I was-that ladies were 3 almost touching me on the other side-I struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the moutlh and he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people Scame between us. my friend seized me by the Sarm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, s being being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about ?" said my companioR when he had got 1 me into the cab. "In the names of peace and a order, my dear fellow, what had the man done s to you that you should knock him down like that?" "Done to me!" I answered, hotly. "Itwas the fellow we were speakring of to.day-the Srascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill." "Oh, oh!" ejaculated my friend, laughing a softly; "I understanditrllnow. Nevertheless, t you ould have been a wiser man if you had I kept your hands off him." 'I could not help it," I rejoined. "He a oushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as I did if you \- ad been in my place.'' "Perhaps," was the admission, " but anyhow r we must be before him in the morning, or we I may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves." a The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the, two clubs of } which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend e and I were shortly to be witnesses by going a there. In the smokie-room, on our arrival we r found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform o who had been on duty, and looked in on his y way to his chambers. We hadnot been many minutes in the club n when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke. a room-a pale and affrighted look on his face I, with the startling announcement that one of n the members was lying, either dead or dying, d on a couch in the card room. Springing to our y feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene .t which a moment or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and o almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo v plexy some of the mensaiditwas, butpoisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors e had examined the body, and the inquest had t been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a lotter a from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit o pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he a further stated, was to have the proceeds for s conniving at thiscriminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for a ruiningme. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and be arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, a but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a . monor-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was Sfound at the office, but professed to know i nothing, and his master,so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after Snoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favour and to my old position as to "expectations," it"i iscarcely necessar for me to relate; but it ma be interestingifI add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one oftthe most happy of mortals.--' iWed:vl B]udgert. 