Tale. DIARY OF A SUC CESSFUL MAN. Ootobor 1, 18S— . Hotel da Lys, Bruges.— After all, few places appeal to my imagina tion moro strongly than' this autumnal old city — tho most medieval town in Europe. I on\ glad that I haTO como baok hero at last. It ia molanqholy indeed, but then, atmy ago, oao's pleaauroa'aro ohiofly melancholy. Ono ia essentially of tho autumn, and it ia always autumn at Brusca. I thought I had been given baok my youth when I woke thia morn ing and heard the carillon chiming out, aa it \- haa done, no doubt, intermittently ainco I heard it laat twenty years ago. Yes for a mo ment I thought I was young again, but only for a moment; wten I wont out into tho streets and rosumed acquaintance with all my old haunts, tho allusion had gone. I dtrollod into St. Sauvour's, wandored a while through its dim, dusky aialc8, and thon eat heaviest with otalo ineonso, and indulged in down noar the high altar where the air was rotrospeot. I was tliero for more than an hour, and I doubt whether this- was wine. At my timo of lifo'. onp had best kocpout of oathe drals; they .; are vault-like places, pregnant with rheumatism; at tho bcat;thoy are full of ghosts, and a good many visited mo at tho hour of meditation. Afterward I paid a visit to the Memlings in the hospital. Nothing haa altered very much, ci en tha women, with their placid, ugly Flemish faces, aitting etor nally in their doorways with tho.oternal laee pillow, might bo the same w.omen. In tho afternoon i wont to the Beguinagc, anil sat thero long ia tho shadow of a .tree which must have grown up since my timo, I think. I ent thoro too long, I fear, until the dusk and tho chill drove mo homo to dinner. On tho wholo, perhaps, It was a mistako to como bivok. The sameness of this torribly constant old city seems to intonsify tho change that haa como to one's solf . Perhaps if I had como . back with Lorimer I should have noticed it lorn. For, attor all, tho years havo been kind to mo, onthflwholo; thoyhuvo giveu mo;niost things whioh I act my heart upon, and if they had not broken a moat porfoot friendship I would forgivo them tho rest. . I sometimes ' foar, howovcr, that oho sacrifice too much to ? onb's success. To slavo twenty yo^rs at tho Indian bar has its drawbacks, oven when it -.- docs loavo ou'o- at fifty prosperous a mourir. Ycb, I mus1'. admit that I am prosperous, dis gustingly prosperous, and — my wifo ia dead, and Lorimer— Lorimor hay altogether passed out of my lifo. * * * Ah, it is a mistake to koop a journal — a mistako! Octobor lid.— I vowed y;storday that I ? would pack my portmanteau aud move on to Brussels, but to- day finds mo still at Bruges. The charm of tho old Flemish oity grows on mo. I havo carried my porgrinaiions f urthor afiold, wandered about the quays, and stood on the old bridgo, whoro ono gets such a porfootjirlimpso, through a trolliat. of ohest nuts,of tho rod roof audfipiroaofNotroDams. But tho purlicul&r; looality matters - nothing ; ovory nook and oornor of Brugos teoms with rominiscencea. And ? how fresh they aro i At Bombay I had not time to remember or rogrot : but to-duy tho wholo dead and for gotten atory rises up like a ghost to haunt mo. At timos, moreover, I havo a curious, fantastic fooling tliat como day or other, in somo mildewing churoh, I shnllgcomo faco to face with Lorimer. ' Ho was pldorthanl ; ho must bo greatly altered— but I should know hiui. It is strange how intennoly I desire to meot him. I Btippoto it is ehiclly curiosity ; I should like to foci buto of him, to explain his silenco. TIo ow;yi lc ile/id ; I am told thathohsd piutures in this lost Acadomy — iiuil j-oi never to havu wrilton— novor onco, through nil those! yearn. I suppose there aro few friinclHhips which oun fctiuid tho test of oovrospomloneu ; (still it is inexplicable — it is not like Lorimor. Ho could not havo har-. bored a grudgu against i-o — for what? A boyish infatuation for a woman who adored him aud whom ho ndoved; Tlio idoa is i-ro- poalerous : thoyimiMtliavo laughed over my ?.folly, often of winter evoniiigs by thoir fire side. WasilaHBiicocHnful us miuo, thougli ? . ? ? perhaps a littlo lens commonphioe ? It ia etrango, though, .that I novor hoard of it, that ho uovoi' wroto to mo onco— not through . ? ?' all thoso years. , /. Ootobor -lth. — Inoxplieablo ! Inoxplieablo Did thoy marry after all P Could there havo ?? ?' boon eomo gigantic misunderstanding ? I ?':. piidapil[rrimngo this morning which hith erto I bad deferred, I know not prooiauly why. I went to tho old houeo in tho Rue dlAlva, whore sho lived, our countofls. And tho (fight of its grim historic front nmdo twenty years 'Kcom as yesterday. . I meant. . to contont mysolf with a bare glimpso of tho bulled windows, but tho impulse seized we to riugtho bell which I usod to- ring bo ofton — a foolish fantastic irapnlso — but I oboyed it. I found it was oooupiod bo an Eiijlishmau, i Mr. Voaablo — thoro scoi/iod to bo moro English horo than in my time — and T eeht in my card and asked if I might ceo tho famous dininjr-room. Thero was no ob jection rai:cd, nnd liy my ho«t Was most cour-' tcous ; my numo, ho «ud, waa familiar to !dm. JIo ia ovidsutly proud of hia dilapi dated' old pahicn and hns had tho graco to snvo it from tho attentions of tho npholstoror. No ; twenty yours havo produced very littlo chango in tho room whero wo had so many pleasant sittings. Tho auoient stamped loathor on tho walla is porhapa a triflo raggodor and tho old oak pauola.not blaokor — that wcro impo3siblo — but a triflo moro worm-oaten. It is tho samo room. I must havo Bocmcd a boor to my polite cicerone aa I. stood, hat in hand, and silontly. took ' in all tho old familiar details. Tho samo smoll of mildewed antiquity— I could almost boliovo tho samo f urnituro. And indeed my host tells mo that ho took over tho houso as it waa and that somo of tho chairs and tables aro scarcely moro youthful than tho walls. Yos thero by tho fireplace was tho samo quaintly carved chair whero she alwayB sat. Ah, thoso dclioious evonings when ono was five aud-twonty for tho.momout I should not huvo beon surprised if slio had suddonly takon shapo beforo my oyos — in tho old scat ?—tho slim, girlish woman, in hor whito drees, her hands folded in hor lap, hor quiet oyes gazing droamily into tho rod firo — a Bubtlo air : of distiuotion in her wholo posture. Sho would bo old now, I, suppoao. Would she ? Ah no, sho was not ono of the women who grow old. * * * I caught up tho thread of my host's dis courijo just as ho was pointing it with a sharp rap upon ono of tho most time-stained panolo. 'Bohind there,' ho remarked, with pardon able prido, ' is the seoret passago whore the Duo d'Alva was assassinated.' I smilod apologetically. 'Yes,' I Baid, ' I know it. I should ox plain, porhaps— my oxcuao for troubling you was not raorely historical oiuiqsity: . I havo ?moro personal associations with this room. I firtflnf. Rnnin nlljirmlnn1 limira in if n. nrnnf. many year ago' — and, for tho moment,' I had forgotten tlut I was nenrly fifty. 'Ah,' ho raid, with iutorest, 'you know tho lato peonlo, tho Fontanos f ' 'No,' I said, 'I am afraid I havo noror heard of them. I'nin very iihoiont. In my timo it belonged to tho S&varesso; family.' 'So I havo hoard,' ho said, 'but that waa long ago. I havo only had it a fow years. Poatane, ray landlord, bought it from thorn Did you know M. lo Comto ?' 'No,' I answored. 'Madame la Com tosso. She was left a widow vory shortly after her marriago. I never know M. lo Comto.' My host shrugged his Bhouldors. 'From all accounts,' ho said, 'you did not loso vory muoh.' 'It was an unhappy marriage,' I remarked vagnoly, 'most unhappy. Hor second mar riago promised greater felicity.' Mr. Venables looked at mo onriously. 'I understood ' — ho began, but ho .'broke off' abruptly. 'I did not know Mmo. de Savaresse married again !' His tone had suddenly changed : it had grown less cordial, and wo parted shortly aftorwirds with a certain constraint, and as I walked home pensively curious, his in terruptod Bentenco puzzled mo. Dogs ho look upon mo as an impostor, a vulgar gos Bip-monger ? What h&s; ho heard, what does ho know of her ? Does ho know anything ? I cannot help bolioving so. I almost wish I hud asked him definitely, but ho would havo misundorfitood my motivea. Yet, oven so I wish I had asked him. Ootobor Gth. — I am still living constantly in tho past, and tho fantastio feeling whon evorl onter a church or turn the corner, that I shall meot Lorimor u^ain, has grown into sottlod oonviotion. Yos ; I shall meet him, and in Brugos. It is strange how an episode whioh ono has thrust away out of sight and forgotten for joars will bo started baok into renewod Jife by tho merest trifle. And for tho last week it has all been as vivid as if it had happoned yosterday. To-night I havo boon putting quostions to myself— so far with no very satisfactory aim or. AVas it a boyish infatuation after all f Han it passed away as utterly as I believed ? I can soo horfaeo now as I sit by tho firo with tho finest pre cision of dotail. I can hear her voice, that soft, low vobo which was'nono the less swoot for' its modulation of sadness; I think thero are no womon liko hor nowadays — none, none! Did sho murry Lorimer? And if not ? 1 1t Beerus strange now that wo should havo both been so attracted — and yot not strango when ono considers it. At lonst wo wore never jealous of ono another. How tho dotails rush back upon ono! I. think wo must havo fallen in lovo with her at tho samo momont — for wo wero together whon wo saw hor for tho first timo; wo woro togothor whou wo wont first to call on her- in tho Ruo d' Alva — I doubt if wo ovor saw her except together. It was soon af tor wo hogan to got intimate that she woro whito again, telling1 us that wo had given hor baok hor youth. Sho joined our sketching ex peditious with the most supromooontompt for les coiivenanees. 'Whou she was not fluttering round, passing from Lorimor's oanvaa to mino with hor sweotly inconsequent eritioism, she sat in the long grass and read to us — ' Andre Chenier and Lamartino. In tho oven ing wo wont to eoo hor. She denied horsolf to tho rest of tho world and wo sat for hours in that anoient room in tho delicious twilight, whilo she sang to us— sho sang divinoly — littlo Frouch chamom, gay and sad, and snatches of operetta. How wo adored her! I think sbo 'know from tho first how it would bo and postponed it as long us sho could. But at last sho saw it was inevitable. * * * I romembor tho last oveuiug that wo wore thero — roinembor. ! Shull I over forget it? Wo had staid bo yond our usual hour, and, when wo roso to go, wo all of us saw that thoso pleasant, ir responsibo ovonings had to end. And both Lorimor and I stood for a moment on tho threshold bofpro wo Mid good night, fooling I suppose, that one of us was thoro for tho last time. And how graceful, how prsoioua aho was as sho hold out ono little whito hand tc Lor imor nnd ouoto mo. 'Rood : ight, dear frionds,' sho said. 'I lil-.' you both so rauoh— so much. Boliovo ' mo, I urn grateful 1 1 you both — for having givon mo back my faith in life— in friond ship— beliovo that, will you not, mes amis V Thon for ono delirious momont her ayes mot mino and it scorned to mo— ah, woll after nil, it was Lcrimer she loved. Oulobor 7th. -It iwomed ii Quixotic picco of folly now— our proposal. Wo would neither talto an advantage of tho other, but «-o both of us must Hpcuk. Wo wroto to her at the Biiine time, and, may bo, in tho mmo wordw ; wo printed our letters by tlio name post. To day I had tlio curiosity to lako out her an swer to mo frommydosk, and I read it quito oalmly and dispassionately— tho p -or yollow letter with tho faded ink, whioh -wroto Finis to my youth and maclo a man of mo. Vuiivrf flier nm!,' nho wroto ti ? ilio, and when I read that, for tho first time in my life, and for tho only timo. Lorimor's supo riority was bitter to mo.. Tho rest I dooiph ored through scolding tears : 'I'auvrc chcr nmi, I am vory sorry for you, and yot I think you ohouM havo gupsso'd and liavosparod yourself this pain, and mo, too, a.littlo. _ No, my friond, that whioh you ask of mo is impossible. You aro my dear friond, but it i? your brother whom I lovo— your brother, for tiro you not aa biolherd 1 and 1 cannot broak yolir beautiful friendship.' No, that must not bo. Soo, I ask duo favour of you— I havo written also to him, only ouo littlo word,. Vims— but will you not go to him and toll him for mo? Ab, my brother, my hoart hlcodw for you. I, too, hnvo sufl'orud in my timo. You will go uway now ; yos, that is best, but you will return whon thlB fanoy of yours has passed. Ah, forgivo mo. Lot us bo fri-nds. Adieu ! An rovoir, ! . . . Tut Sistbi;, DE&rniNE.;' . It may havo been an hour later when I sought out Lorimcr with my letter. I told him, nsltold myself,. that it was thofortuno of r,ir ; that nho had oiioaen tho bettor roim, but I could not boar to atay aud ceo thoir huppiueso— I was in London by tho evening. I wanted work, hard grinding work : I was tired of being a briellcss banister ; and, as it happened, an oponing in Iudia offered it self at tho ..very moment whon I had doeided that Enropo had booomo ioipos«blo to mo. I acooptcd it, and so those two happy ones passed out of my lifo. Twenty years ago ! And .in epito of his promito ho has nover written from that day to this — not so muoh aa a lino to toll mo of his marriage. I mado a vow thon that I would got ovor my folly and it scorned that my vow was kopt. And yot horo to-duj, in Bruges, lam asking my colf whother after allit us been suoha great sueoess, whothor Boonor or later ono doesoa't havo to pay for having beon hard and strong; for refusing to suffer. ? * ? Iraustleavo thia plaoo;' it is too full of Mme. do Savaresso. * * * Is it- curiosity which is torturing mo ? I must find Lorimer. If ho married her, why has ho boon so persistently silent ? If ho did not marry her, what in heavon's namo doea it mean ? These aro vexing ques tions. ' Octobor 10th.— In the.Churoh of Les Dames Rouges I mot my old friond Sobastian Lori mor: 'Strange- strange-; ! Ho was.groitly altored, I wondered almost thdt I reoognized him. I lad strolled into tho church for bond diction for tho first -timo sinco I havo boon back horo, audTwheutho service was ovur and I swung back tho heavy door, with tho exqiusito music of tho 0 ! Sahtlark sung by tho buried woroon behind tho' acrocn still ' cohoiug inmy heart, I pausod a momont to lot a man pass by me. It wa3 Lorimer ; ho looked wild and worn ! it waa no moro;thnn the ghost of my old friend. I was shocked and and startled by hismanner. ;,Wo shook hands quito impassively, as if wo had parted yoa torday. Ho tnlkcd in a rambling way as wo walked towards my hotel of tho singing of tho nuns, of tho numerous religious pro cessions, of tho doctrino of tho inter cession of auints. Tho old, molodioua voioo '.was unchanged, but it was, pitched. in tho' singularly low key which, I havo noticed, some foreign priests acquire who Hvo much in ohurches. I gathor that ho has becomo a Catb,olio..- Idon!t know what intangible in stinot, or it may bo fear, prevented mo from putting to him tho vital question which has so pcrploxed mo. It is astonishing how his faoo was changed, what an extraordinary reat lossneaa his aposoh aud cys haTO acquired. It nevor waa so of old. My firat impression was that ho was suffering from somo 'acuto form of nervous disordor, but bofofd;I lef t him amoro unpleasant suapioionwas gradually forced upon mo. I cannot help thinking that there is moro than a touoh of insaaity in my old friend. I tried from. timo to timo to bring him down to porsonal topics, but ho eluded thom dexterously, and it wa3 oaly for a momont or so that I could keop him away from tho all-absorbing subject of tho Oatholio church, which Eoem3 in somo of its moro uom bro aspects to cxerciso an' extraordinary fas cination. ovor him. I asked him if ho ofton visited Bruges. Ho looked up at mo with a curious expres sion of surprise. ' I livo hoco,' ho said, ' almost always. I havo dono so for years.'. Presently he added, hurriedly, ' You havo oome baok — I thought you would como baok — but you havo been gono along timo— oh, a ?long timo ! It «eems years sinco -wo ? met. Do you remomber ?' — ho- ohooked himjelf, thon ho added in a low whispsr : ' Wo all co.no .'bacic, wo all come back. Ho uttered a quaint, short laugh. 'Ono can bo' near, very noar; oven if ono can never bo quite ' cIobc' . ? Ho tolls mo that ho ati'rl paints, and that tho acadomy,. to which ho sonds a picture yearly, has recently oleoted him an associate. But hi« art doo.i not scorn to absorb him &a; it did of old, and' ho epeaksof his sucoass dryly and as amnttorof vory secondary importance. Ho refused to dino with mo alloging an en gagomont, but that so hcsitutmgly and with suoh vagueness that I could poroeivo it was tbo merest protoxt. His manner was so straago aud remote that I did not venture to . preaa him. I think ho is unhappily con scious of his own frequent incohorencios, and at moments thoro aro quito painful pauses when ho ia obviously struggling with dumb piteousness to bo lucid, to colleot himself and pick up certain lost throuda in his memory, lit is coming to s&o; mo thisovoning athis own suggestion , and I am waiting for him now with a strange terror oppressing mo, oauuot help thinking that he possesses tho koy to all that has so puzzled mo, and that to-night ho will endeavour to speak. Ootoborilth. — Poor Lorimor 1 1 havo hard ly yot got over tho shook which his visit la?t night caused mo and tho amnzoment with which 1 heard and road botween tho linos of his otrangocqnfcssion. ' Hia diice ploar roaroh is, I fear, hopelessly obscured, and how much of hid story is hallucination I oaunot niy. His notions of timo and placo aro quito eon fused, and out of his' rambling' statomont T can only bo suro o£ oiio . -fact. It t-ooms that ho has dono mo a great wrong, an irroparablo wrong which ho has sinco bitterly ropontod. In tho light of thia poor wrotoh'a story; a great misunderstanding is rollod away, aud^I am loft with tho conviotion that tho last twenty yoars have boon, affor all, a hugo blundor,nn irrevocable and misorablo mistake. Through my own rash precipitanoy and Lori mor's woak tronohory,-nd trivial mischanco that a singloword would have rectified had boon prolonged boyond hope of rodroa3. It sooms that af tor aU it was not Lorimor whom sho chosa. Mmo. do Suvareseo writing to us both', 'twenty yoara ago, mado u vital nnd yot not inoxplicablo mistake. 'ShooonfuBsd t!-.o envelopes, and tho letter that I rocoivod was i.ovor meant for mo, although it was oouohod in such ambiguous torms that until to -day tho ponsibility of tho orror novnr dawned on mi . And inj lottor, the ono little word of whioh she npoko, waa aent to Lorimer. Poor wrotoh ! ho did mo a vital injury — yes, I oan say that now — a vital injury, but on tho wholo I pity him. To havo been suddenly dashed down from thepinnaoloof happiness— it must havo boon a ornol blow. Ho tolls that whon ho saw hor that afternoon and found out his mis tako, ho had no thought except to recall mo. Ho ootunlly camo to London for that purposo, having vowed to hor solemnly that ho would briny mo brick. It was only in England that, to uso his own distraught pbraso, the . devil entered. into possession of hiin. Him half.-iu-. sauo ranibliiijjH gavo mo a very vivid'id'ca of that fortnight. during -wJiiotl ho lay hid in London, trembling liko a (?nfltR tiling, fear ful at ovory ini.inuiit Unit li.bmtglit.ruii uorosH mo, mid yut lmlf longing for tho mco'iug. with tho irriMiilulcucHi --f tho weak naturo whioh oan ronupivo and to a certain extent execute u Im/iett', yet whi'h would always yield to circumstances, nnd let.chanoe or fato . decido tho issuo. And to tho vory'lust.Lori inbr waa wavoriug ; ho hiid almost Bought mo ought and thrown hirriBolf on my moroy, whou tho nowsciimo that Iliad siiilcd. '' Dualiny, who has no woak soruploa, ha/1 stopped in and eoaled Dolphiiio's;inistnko fur. all timo, aftor hor grim fashion. Whon ho wont daek to Bruges, nud saw Madamo do Savaresso, I think aho must havo , partly, gucsscdhis basonoss. Lorimer was not-stroilg- enough to ho a ? sujoossf ul hypoorito, and that meotin'7, I gather, was nlso their final parting. ' Sho must havo said things to him in her bcau'iuil, quiot voico which ho has ''.novor forgotlon. llo went away, 'ami each' day -ho was going to write to mo, and each' day ho deferrod it— aud then ho took up tho Times one mormnjr aud road tlio aunouco niont of my iuarrinj;o. After that it hocmod to liim that ho'couM oiily bo silont. Did stti know of it, too? Did sho milter,, or did sho undoi-sUmd? Poyr woman! poor woman! I wonder if sho consoled herself — us I did, and if so, how sho looked back on her success ? I wondor whether ' sho is Happy — whothor aho is dead? I flupposo.thoso aro quostiono which will remain unanswered. : And -yot if hen liorinicr loft mo at a lato hour last night, it peomed to mo that tho air wbb full cf uu epoken -wordii. Does ho know anything of her now P 1 havo a right tor ask him.thcso tilings. Aud to-morrow I am to meet him— he mr.do tbo request most strangoly— at tho same place whero wo fell in with each other to- day. Until to-morrow, thon ! Octobor 12. — I havo just loft Sebastian jorimor at tho Church of the Dames Rouges. I hopo I was' not bruol, but thoro aro somo things which' ono can neither forgot nor for givo, and it Gcemod to mo when I know tho full moasuro of tho ruin ho had wrought, my pity for him withered awar. ' I hopo, Lori mer,' I Said, ' that wo.may novor moot agf in.' And honestly I carin'ot forgivo him. If sho had been happy, if shd' Bad' let' timo deal gently with her— ah— yos, ovoh/if ehe woro. doad— it. might bq.oasior, But that.this. liv- ing entombment, this hopoloss, death in lifo should befall lier--sho so mngnlflcoritly fitted for lifo's finor offfoes— ahV tho pity of it, the pity of it-! * * ..*? But. lot mo sot down tho wholo sad 6tqry_agitdawned,uponmothiB afternoon jn that ?un.oarthjy ohu'Mh. . I was later than tho hour' appointed V vespers were ovor, and a server; tapir in- li'and, was gra dually transforming tho'- gloom .6f tho high altar into a blazo »f light.. !W;ith o strango. sensp of complotipnrl took my, placo noxt to tho chair by whioh Lorimer with.bpwed'hcad wasJmceling, his'oyes fixed with -a Btra'nge' intontnoss on tho screen which separated tho outer worshippers from' thorchapol of gallory which was sot -apart'' for tho nuns. : His lips moved from timo to'limo' spasmodically, in prayer or ejaculation; thonj-au-tho jubilant organ burst out and tho offiouiting prieBt in his ohasublo and birotta' passod from tho Baoristy and bowed to tho altar, ho seemed .to bo listening in a very passion of attention. But as tho incenso began to fill1 tho air, and tho Litany of tho Loreto smoto on my ear to Somo Borrowful, undulating Gregorian,. I lost thought of tho wrotchedmnnbeside mrilfbrgot tho miserablo mistake that he hud perpotu atcd, and I was onco more baok in tho past — with Delphino, kneeling by horsido. Strophe by stropho that porfeot litiiny roso and was lost in a cloud of iuconso, jn tho mazy arches of tho roof. ??? '.????.. . Janua Cdoli', Stella Matiitina,' .'??'? Salus infirmoruml Ora prenobis!:,. , In stropho and an tistropno— tho melan oholy nasal intonation of the priest died.away .and tho exquieito women's voices in tho gallory took it up with , oxultation, and yet with something liko a sob— a sob of limita- ' tion. . ? ?-.? *,???*?:. ' ?.' ? '? ' Rofugiutn.poocatorum, ' ?' :- Oonsolatrix afllictorum,- ? Auxilium Ohristihriorum, Ora pro nobis 1 -And b-- on through all tho exqiiieitb ohangcB of tho hymn;'until the music ohanged,*and tho priest intoDed tho olosing lino :??-?? ' Ora pro nobis, Sancta Dei genetrix- 11 ? and tho voices in tho gallery answered : ' Ut digrii offioiamur promissionibua Chriati 1' Thoro waa ono voieb whibH rbso above all tho othora, a vbioo of marvellous swootneBS and powor, whioh from tho first moment had caused mo -a ouriois thrill. '? Arid presently Lorimer bent down and whispered to mo. ' So near,' ho ii.urmurod,' ' and ? yot so far away— so near and -yet nover quito close !' But beforo I had spoken I had r-ad in his rigid fncQ, in his oyo's fixod 'wifli'Buoh a pas sion of regret on the' Bcrbeh^Tvhy wo- wcro thoro, and to whoBO voico wo had listened. I roso nnd went out of tho ohuroh quietly . yet hastily ; I felt that to stay thoro orio: moro momont longer would bo' suffocation. ? .* Poor woman ! so this is tow she sought con Bo'.atioa-^ in religion. J- Well; theranro differ ent ways for differont porsono— and forme— what is thero loft for mef,,,0h., many things no doubt; many things-; ,«tiU 7or''onoo and tho la«t timo, lot me sot 'mysolf down 88 a dreary impostor.' I never forgot her — not for ono hour or day , not ovon whon it soemod to mo that I had forgotten her' most — not oven when I married. No woman over re priseutodto mo. tho samp idoa .as. Mmo. do Sotvarcfso. No .woman'8 ,.vbioo' was. ovor swcot to. rho after hbra ; tho touoh of no woman's hand over made my heartbeat ono moment quioker for ploasurb' or for p'aln,' sinco I pressed .hors for 'tho last timo on that fate ful ovcriing twonty years ago. Even ao ? 1-!' ?:?: -'.; . -' Whon tho sorvico was ovor and ilio peoplo had streamed out and dispersed, I wont baok for tho last timo into the quiet ohurch. A' white-robed sorvor was extinguishing tho lnat candle on tho altar ; only tho red light, that had bnrnt through : tho yeais, . boforo tho sanolu*ry, mado moro visible tho' deop shadows ovorywhoro. Lorimer was still kneeling with bowed head in. this plaoo, Pro S3»tly he foao and camo towards mo. ' 'Sho was thvre — Dolphino— you heard hor. Ah, Dion, eho loves you. She always loves you— you aro avenged.' I gathered that for years ho has. spent hours duly in this ohuroh,' to bp near, hor and hear hor voico— tho magnificent voico rising above all the other voices :in the chants of herroligion. But ho' will.', riovor soo . hor, for is sho not of tho Dames Rouges? .And I ro lnombor now all tho stories of her ordor, of its strictness, its austerity, ita' perfoot isola tion. And ohiefiy I remember how they, say that only twice after one of theso nuns has taken hor vows is shq.seon of any ono except thoso of her community; 'oneo, when she outerstboordorthedoorofthoeonvehtis thrown baok, and she is seen for a siqglp mpmoxt in tho scarlet habit of tho ordor, by tho. world, by all who oaro to gazp; and onco more, at tho last, wlien, clad in the &amo;, eoarse.red garb, they bear her out quietly, in her coffin, iuto tho ohuroh. ??'??' ? And of this last mooting Lorimor, I gather,' is alwiya restlessly expeotant, his wholo life concentrated, os it wore, in a vory passion of waitins for a momont whioh/_wiir surely cpmo. His thoory, I confea e'soapes mo, nor ennj guess how, for a cortairi torotish re morso, nn expiation maybo Bot as a guiding spring in his unhingod minoV'ana acbount at least in .'part for . \tho IJTantasUb attl tudo whijih ho must havo adopted for many; years. . .If- Jj^c^nof fctgiyo nun, at loast I bear him no malico, and, for tho rest, our. pathi will hardly ofb'sa again Ono takes lip ono'slifb -atSd' oitpiatosita orrors ouch niter ouo'a BovroiilfashipnT-and my wuy is-nbt LbTimor'a. Aud now that it is all so clear there in nothing to kcop mo-hero' nny Iniigar, nothing to b.ring mo baok again.- For it-ocuincdtomo to-day, strangely enough, as tliouirh a certain candlo of hopo, of ? pronuBO,' of pleasant poBsibilities.whiou' hadlliokcred with more or loss light for 60 many years had suddenly gouo out and lot t mo alono in uttor darkness, as tho kuowledgo was borno in upon mo tlut henoefo.rtb Mmo.' do. SavaresBo had passod altogylhor rind finally out of my And so to-morrow— BruBBola-!— il/°rtmn7- lim's MiHjaziiic. ?? .',- ? » .- Johnnio— i' You' vo got a cold in your head, have you?' ' Cnolly (culling on Jdhnnio's eis ter)— ,Ycs, n very bad oold.' Johnnio — 'Then sister' wan- wrong.' Cholly — 'Wrong in what ?' Jonnio — 'Sho said you hadn't anything in yoar head at all.' Ono of tho hardest things to lc.arn 18 that tho worl 1 is seldom watching ua whon wo ara do ing good. . . . ? Tho man who'leada a faat life in this world may fmd-tho (lino hunt; heavy on his hands in tlio next. ? ?' ' - 