THIETR YEARS OF COLONIAL GOVERNMENT. Thirty Tears of Colonial Government. A Selection from the Despatches and Letters of the Right Honourable Sir George Ferguson Bowen, G.C.M.G. Edited by Stanley Lane-Poole! (Longman, Green, and Go. 82B.) THSBB are few books that GIVE a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than die selection from Sir George Bo wen's letters and despatches Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited under the title of "Thirty Tears of Colonial Jovernment" During that period Sir Seorge Bowen administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain valuable rccdrd of his work in each of these colonies, aiid of the problems with which lie had to deal. The principle on which he uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local concern. It was in 1659 that he was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment in tbe Ionian' Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's "Handbook" for that interesting country. Modem Greeks, he once explained to Lord Palmerston, pronounce the "words meaning "we," and "you" in precisely the same manner. Ah, they confound * we' and 'you' do they?" said Palmers ton. "I fear that is not the only way in which modern Greeks confound *meum' and' tuum.'" The following extract contains an interesting description of QUEENSLAND IN 1659. I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at night in tbe houses of the principal "squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patriarchial style among their immense flocks and herds, amiicin^ themselves with hunting, shooting, fishing, and tile exercise of a plentiful hospitality. I have often thought '—eeially in reading Thackeray's novel, e Virginians') that the Queensland u bleman-squatteis bear a similar relation bo the other Australians that the Virginian ilanters of a hundred years back bore to he other Americans. " But there is a perfectly distinct class of leoplE In the townB. Brisbane, my present apltal, must resemble what Boston and the ihet Puritan towns of New England were at the close of the last century. In a population of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteeh public-houses, twelve policemen. The , leading inhabitants of Brisbane arc & hatd4iWded set of English and Scotch merchants and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." 5jie Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir George BoWen tells an ^"inning story about one of the principal squatters. A SECOND JOB. A successful Qiieenslander, who became a member of the House <bf Commons, where he supported Lord Paimerston, was invited to one of the political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information about her guests J and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have greeted him with, 'Oh, Mr. , I am very glad to see you. I hear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the Patriarchs—that, in short, you are a second Job. Her guest replied: ' i hope, Lady Walderrare, you do not mean to compare me to Job, \riio, as we learn from -tlie Bible, hud only t.OOO sheep, whereas I have 600,000. Job was a mere stringy-barlce?? It shoul be explained that young 6ettlers, ion beginning sheep-farming in the interior, with only from 6,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally afford to build fet first houses of wood or stone; and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comforttable huts marie from the bark of the socalled " stringy-bark " eucalyptus. So they were often known to the great squatters by the sobriquet of' stringy-takers." In those days they played whist in the wilds for sheep points and a bullock on tie rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to New Zealand, then in" the throefj of tie Maori troubles, which he largely succeeded in assuaging during his government. Like most of these who have come in contact with them, feir Geokge was full of appreciation ftir the fine qualities of Hie Maori race. The following story is here given at first hand:— A STRANGE CONVERSION. "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet Hie Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers of the Treaty of Waitangi in l&iO;^ aijd who had ever since been a fittn friend of the English. One of the " jlican Bishops afterwards said to Hie Governor,' Do you know, sir, the antecedfihts of that old heathen ?' ' No, my dear top,' was the reply, 'but I do know that fie brought five hundred of his clansmen into the field to fight for the Queen, so i invited him to meet the " Queen's son."' ' Well,* continued the Bishop,' when I first arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to jne and said that he wished to be baptised. J knew that be had two wives, so 1 told him that he must firstpersuade one of them to retutn to lier family. He said he feared that would be difficult, but that he-would see what could be done, and come hpick to me In two months. When he returned, he exclaimed, 'Now missionary, you ma; baptise me, for I have only one wife. » asked, * flTiftthave you dose-with our dear sister, spur first wife?' He replied, smacking his lips, '1 have eaten her!' In 1873 Sir George was promoted to Victoria, where he remained uiitil J.879, wfeen fifeterm expired, and he was assigned tlie government i>f Mauritius, the onhr v»cfl|& at the pipe. ComMred wifii ^j^t^Qa, there was quite an air of anbqt)l(y about the old French colony in which F$M1 tod Virginia had lived and loved. LABOUBDOKKAIS' GHOST. "The Australasian Colonies are too young for ghosts, but here we have a haunted chamber, where tbe great Labourdonnais, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by tbe French Creoles to walk nightly. We put a high civil functionary there, but he declared that he heard strange noises, and nothing would induca him to occupy the room again. However, next week the English admiral of the station arrived with his squadron, and when we asked him if- he would have the haunted chamber, the best spare room in the house, he said, I am afraid of no Frenchman, dead or alive ; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month lie spentwith uE.lt is true that he was supported by his Flag Captain in the room on bis right, and by his Flag lieutenant in tiie roomon his left, mien, too a strange nbise is often heard at night at the time of fjill moon, as of a carnage driving"by tlie chateau; and some Creoles declared they had seen Labourdonnais passinc bv in his coach and six horses, with his escort and lacqueys—all skeletons m tbe uniform of the age of Louis XV. Bather suspecting some trick, «»e aides-de-camp of aformerGovemor »p with then: swords and a botde of iced champagne on the table ; and when they heard tiie B^ange noise_ app™ad.^they_tiW^atnt^ guard with loaded r t 2nd all sallied forth—to see a grand herd of •wild stags from tie neighbouring moon- Sns tossing their antlers m the bright ^ - K o ^ ^ e 1-t of our depend deSoverVhicl! Sir George Bowen was ^ ^ upon to preside During t h W he spew there" he' took occasion to visit both China and Jspan. The AT*? !° f Son- « There are some grand Buddhist temples at rStbul the most inferesf— there is the famous ' Altar of « Heaven,' -where, for at least tore Emperors of China, nu of tie human race, haveonce sjr^--™ « burnt sacrifice to the One God «£ HeavS—with riteslike those observed by Abrah&fii; a, the wilderness. This is the Holy of Holies of Chfca, and fadmiaeion to it is a rare honour. "The last permission given, before my visit, Was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city Occupied by b walled park ss large as Hydepark, and vrith .groves of immemorial trees, beneath "-winch roam the sacred cattle reserved for -the Imperial sacrifices; anfl. in th& middle of this park » collosal structure of white, marble, rising on terraces with brood flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on wliich fhfe Emperor of China, annually, at tie winter solstice—as the sun risesover the eastward amphitheatre of snowcapped pioutitaiiiB— Offers far himself aiid his peoplehis boleihh worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It (snot generally known in Eunopfe that the Court religion— the only' established' religion (so to speak) in China—is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous Cults. A Chinaman may be a Confucian br a Buddhist, just as an Englishman may "be a Wesleyan or a. Romanist. But, as I liave said, these are not' established' religionB inthe English sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see a good deal of Italy, where, he tells US, Mr. Gladstone is reftalian nationality, and with almost the arded as the chief foreign founder of same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which the Americans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make him an ardent supporter of v Imperial Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane- ap Poole has very adequately performed his task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest.— Literary World. 