ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING- BOOM. [BY A SCRIBBLES. 1 We have mucli to be thankful for. The Smokiug-Room traditions speak in awe of a serious man who was not only patriotic, and therefore valuable as a curiosity, but who watched the manoeuvrings of politicians in a certain Australian Assembly during five sessions, and still did not become cynical <>: sceptical, or try to steal his firewood on the sly. Bub when he had endured part of the sixth session that man gave up at the same time the unequal struggle and the ghost. The alternative to death seemed in his fancy to be contempt for, distrust of, and disbelief in almost everybody. Before he finally departed lie saw continually in his troubled dreams long files of public men with axes to grind, and an endless procession of people in the peculiar shapes of the grindstones for those axes. That spectacle -affected his head. He became too wcaklriinded even-to "mingle with politicians. A meek man may endure a prolonged' .serenade upon an asthmatic street organ,, and' still continue to be a consistent though sorely tempted Christian; a strong' Ai£n may. sustain. the . dire tribulation; of tweuty minutes-' consecutive conversation by telephone, and come out of the ordeal with some shreds of self-respect aud sanity, even though the atmosphere should, ho sulphurous and the hoar-frost of worry should -have prematurely whitened his hair ; but it is harder for a loafer to pass "a past without leaning against it, or for a boy to watch a football match without yelling, or for a woman to sit in Church without criticising her neighbours' bonnets, than for a man who is proprietor of the average stock of human nature to closely study things political, and still possess the capacity to look out artlessly upon the world with an unsuspicious eye, and not try to trick anybody or even be mistrustful of the motives of most of his fellows. In these remarks, of course, South Australia is excepted. How thankful we ought to be, said—how proud ! In the judgment of a cynic the most amusing trick in all the Parliamentary prestidigitation exhibited throughout the colonies save South Australia is the ordinary No- Confidence Illusion. Accepting as a postulate the statement that—given personal truthfulness and reasonable decision of character—one Ministry is about as good as another, and that luck and opportunity count for a great deal, you may take as a corollary of that the assurance that any session in which much business has been done is a session in which the Opposition has neither by bold direct assault—which is plucky—nor by worrying attack through the medium of misguided insignificant members put. up to ask perky questions! -—winch is mean—prevented anything from being done. This is the rule, with the ordinary proportion of exceptions. Informed upon those points, you would be able—if you were in the other colonies, and not in quiet South Australia—to watch the funny performance with an increased interest. You would eee the man whom Opposition caucuses had chosen to be the executioner of a Ministry begin to attend the House with less irregularity. You would notice him gradually assert himself more and more, until by much private practice he had become at last able to announce, without a blush and as if he really meant it, that in attacking the opposite party he was doing what the interests of the country suggested to him; and that if he studied his own-convenience and his own monetary concerns he would not dp it at all. That is part of the. stage "gag." When a gentleman reaches that point he is a thorough expert in presenting peculiar Parliamentary phantasmagorias. Such an' actor has generally developed also an impressive suavity of manner and a mechanical smile—whose sweetness surpasses the sweetness of honey—acquired whilst, coaxing novices to help him as lay figures in that allow by which the public, who pay to see the performance, are beguiled. That smile becomes so habitual that it sticks to its owner, all sweet things being sticky, as steadfastly as the limping gait remains with a man who has followed the plough and kept one foot in the furrow in his early years. Besides these lay figures, most Parliamentary leaders have, like the Cheap Jacks in another branch of the profession, a " Sprightly"—a sycophant who hopes to be a Cheap Jack himself some day, and meantime does the more unpleasant work for his principal. In politics liis duty is to beg of members, to pray of members, to grovel to members, to flatter members, to threaten members, to do anything and everything to and for members, so that they may be induced to join in the sport of following his leader. If he is an old member, he is untiring in his offers of assistance to and in his cajolery of the new menand whilst thus engaged he bears a singular resemblance to the fabled fox that applied with tears in its eyes for the position of night nurse to a brood of succulent young goslings. His pay is usually in the shape—if the takings" are gOod; if the game succeeds — of a subordinate place in the Cabinet; or a coveted seat upon a Commission; or the support of the new Government in some special hobby; or consideration towards Mend or relation or useful constituent when a Justicc of the Peace has to be inflicted upon a township, and when certain other appointments have to be made ; or a promise to supply a particular local want for his district. Whatever the reward may be it is earned by downright hard work, for the drudgery which has to be done before the victorious party, with mudstained uniforms, are able to announce the capture of the last reluctant supporter who represented the majority of the other side, is more fatiguing than the toils of a book agent undertaking the task of selling all the latest fashionable waltzes to a woodeu-legged family, or popular songs to a mute, or a musical-box to a dumb man. Oh ! it is a peculiarly petty game this petty game of politics — Yes, in the other colonies; I wrote that before. Still, in the face of all opponents, I will maintain that it is more manly, even at its worst, than the exoiting fun of pelting stones at a blind dog. When we reflect that such things as these are true of other parts of the Queen's dominions we are able the better to appreciate the blessed privileges which we enjoy in our exemption from so great misfortunes in South Australia. Even here, however, some people speak of party wrangles, and characterize as child's play the actions which accompany them, but those people are people only incompletely informed. There is no play about a political crisis. A costermonger's donkey does not work harder than an ambitious man who in the unsullied Parliament of South Australia undertakes to persuade the House that it is in the high interests of the country that he should take £1,000 a year from some other man who at present receives it. And, supposing there is child's play, why should child's play be condemnable in politics'( It would be far more engaging than the game called tactics ; much more appropriate than donkey-play. The public men of to-day were the children of awhile ago, though we often forget that fact. Sir. Toinkinson very likely played marbles—always "keeps;" you may depend upon that; carried around a Guy Fawkes on each eventful Fifth of November, and sang "Guy Fawkes Guy" for ha'pence, the while objecting because the half-' pence were not whole-pence. Premier Playford doubtless was danced upon his elder's knees in that sportsmanlike old British pastime of " Riae-a-cock-horse to liaulmry Cross," President Ayers stiffened his muscles at leap-frog; Speaker Coles caressed an indiarubber doll; Knight Downer bestrode wooden steeds in the nursery before he ever dreamt of riding the high horse in Parliament ; and Dr. Cockburn gave an earnest of those political peculiarities which were to make him famous by flying gaudy-coloured kites, with many divers tails, which caused the birds of the air to marvel, and the sun's eye to blink. A young reporter once laid down the Tnavim that a written description should always approximate - in bulk to the object described—that if you wrote a column about an oil-painting which is small you should write a page about a haystack which is big. Guided by that principle the work of our Assembly during the last two years could be portrayed in two lines, whilst the talk when placed upon paper in small type weighs about seven pounds and a half avoirdupois. That is the only scale upon which the weight of .most of this debating can bfe estimated; There has been no luck about the. House since that miserable day in' June when the. last Piayford Government were defeated.... If it had not been for Mr. Scherk even more would have been said and even less would have been done since then. Mr. Scherk, who-is no party man greedily ambitious, and who never allows himself to be used as a tool by political malcontents, has saved many hours of useless badgering and of inconsequential chatter by patiently awaiting his" opportunity and then moving—" That the Committee do now divide." He must have proposed that quite a hundred times this session, and if he should do it a hundred times more the grateful public might well arise and call him blessed. This is not the place in which schemes of politics should be discussed; but whilst hearing talk about single-member districts one cannot hclp calculating what a remarkable change we might see if every representative had not a colleague. Very few colleagues are there in the House who are entirely trustful of each other, and who do not watch keenly, so tliat no advantage may be taken which the constituents may note. Did you ever, for example, remember Mr. Solomon to speak or ask a question about the Northern Territory without beingquickly folio wed by Mr. Parsons, or vice versa f This emulation surely conduces to the benefit of the country. It is the same jealous scrutiny of each others' acts which makes Mr. Handyside and Mr. Ash such exceedingly serviceable members for Albert. Both are excellent representatives indifferent ways. The latter was only recently spoken of herein as praiseworthy; and Mr. Handyside—why '' Prince Bismarck" is one of the most useful men in the House. He might well sit to a painter as a model for "A Practical Man" with a head hard and long and level 7 with utilitarian opinions which compel him to eschew honsense and to condemn poetry as prose spoilt by being cut up into irregular lengths for some inscrutable reason ; and with a business-like commonsenae which will not allow him to waste time by speaking needlessly or merely. to exercise his tongue. When Mr. Handyside rises to talk he knows what he is talking about; and when he has said his say, without the slightest surplusage or attempt at oratory, he sits down, not caring so little as the value of a fig or the average political promise whether or not you agree with him. The electorates might be as well represented 2 they were converted into one-man districts, but—they might not be. The country might be as prosperous if the Parliament were abolished, and—it might not. I don't know, and neither of the Smoking-rooms will tell me. 