ART SOCIETY'S, EXHIBITION. SEC0ND NOTICE. During the week, there has been n large attendance at the Art Society's exhibition of paintings, and something bas been done to improve the appearance of tbe gallery. Arm- chairs nnd settees in crimson velvet, together with the darker tint of the now carpeted room, give warmth and comfort to tbe scene, draperies of the same hue are carried along the sky-line of pictures, and shrubs nnd plants add their wealth of vivid green to the whole effect. The tickets for the art nhion are going off well, thanks to the tact and energy of Mr. Daplyn, so that the drawings to-day will be an event of wide spread interest. Just now, however, the drawings we have most occasion to refer to are the water-color drawings. There are 111 such, many of them of no great consideration, bnt moro of genuine merit and real interest. A few passing words may be said of those that most attracted our attention. Amongst the first four catalogued occurs tha unmo of Percy F. S. Spence. Mr. Spence has painted Mrs. Potter in the fantastic, high- wasted dress with the broad hat, which the divine beauty, wears in the firet act of " La Tosca." However, the painter has transferred - mere prettiness to the paper, and besides this gives a greater- idea of height than the lady can claim. The artist is at his best in No. 16, " Looking for Cattle." The two stockmen on their horses aro drawn with much spirit. Mr. H. S. Hopwood is well represented by " On Hunter's Beach" (No. 12),Bhowing clear snnligbt effects over tbo tiny bay, with its foreground of sand and a breadth of tnrquoise bine where tbe Bca makes for North Head and tho ocean beyond. The same artist sends some pretty bite of Welsh scenery. Mr. W. B. Spong's view of Hobart (No. 11) Bbows a picturesque wharf as foreground, backed by tbe mountain rising bluely to tho dark rolling masses of rain-cloud that touch its summit... The treatment ia soft and turial; .whilst in the Lisbon street scene (No. 26) we admire tho same delicacy of style which called for praise in tbo work by the same hand lately added to onr National Gallery. Mr. W. Lister Lister in hie "Beneath the Cliffs at South Coast," presents tho dead blue-grey tints of the rock, here and there lighted into lifo by rays of the snn that show as the richer hues of the lichen and moss. All Lhis is pourtrayed with skill, and the clearness of the water left by the receding tide has an air of nature. In tbe coast sceao at Clifton (No. 31) the merit of the work lies chiefly in tho foreground of sand, the exact color of which, turned from yellow almost to white by tho blinding glare, bas been deftly caught. Mr. Neville Cayley is characteristically represented by "Jack's Courtship, Kookaburras," showing jackasses sitting amiably together on a branch. The plumage, notably the breast fethers, shows .delicacy and careful eye for color, and a certain humor pervades the whole and gives it added interest. Signor Steffani is perhaps at his best in " Powell's Creek, Parramatta River," where the trutbfnl and delicate treatment of the rough grasseB and the airy effect of the waving foliage of the young trees is excellent. We should like No. 36 belter if the color of the rocks in tho foreground wore a little more con vincing. Mr. Edward Bevan pnints "Btock- yard-hill," showing the South Coast-road as, after winding round a little bay, it rises above tbe beacb skirting the hedge- topped bank. This is a charming scene and ie effectively rendered. One of tho most attractive of the water- color paintings is Mr. Julian R. Ashlon's beautiful work, "A Gleam of the Setting Sun." The distance Bhows hills in purple shadow, save where the dying light revives the vernal glories of their fresh green vestnre. At the foot of the elope a line of low bushes crosses the sight, forming n somewhat melancholy margin to the great expanse of water which form3 the foreground. It is the treatment of this, as it reflects pale green and saffron hues, that gives the work at onco its charm and artistic value. Tbe treatment ie singularly clear and luminous, reminding us of the same artist's "The Morn in Russet Mantle Clad," which was the theme of admiration in the exhibition of 1887. Mr. Asbton has caught the tranquil spirit »f the scene bo paints in No. 84, "The Wharf at Gosford," and be has other drawings ' of varying merit. Mr. Frank P. Mahony'e " Evening " ia clever, though perhaps a trifle sketchy. Mr. E. b. Bolton sends a fine work in No. 60, "Gibraltar, from the Spanish Side remarkable for the airy and majestic grace imported to the huge rock as it rises almost eheerly from the sea. One side of the cliff is in shadow, whilBt light falls npon the shelving face disclosing the scanty yellow grase that coverB it. Mr. J. Mather's " Mossman's Bay" has been purchased by the trustees of the Art Gallery. The details oi the foreground and tho distribution of ligbt that falls npon the white canvas used as a tarpaulin and upon the boat laid np on the sand are admirable and tbe wholo subject is pleasing. There ie just a suggestion ot mechanical effort in the painting of the dancing blue water of the bay. " Wavoworn Coogee," a sketch of sullen loam-topped Bea beyond the fore ground ef great - brown boulders, is rendered with freedom and spirit, and many will return with pleasure to "Now fades the glimmering landscape on the sight." This discloses a secluded, lily-bearing pool that reflects ' a hundred colorB from a pink nnd snffron sky, against which the foliage of tbe trees behind looms darkly, yet in feathery detail. Mr. R. Atkinson sends "The Chief's Daughter," a high-sounding, title which in no way oppresses tbe chubby Jittle blnck-a-moor to whom it ia addressed. The subject shows a happy little child, of tho age when the difficulty of differentiating the sex obliges the cautious stranger to refer to Buch a one as "it," wearing the royal purple, a trifle washed out, in tbe shape of a frock that dis plays fat brown legs and arms. The child sltB in a native hut and tho painting is technically good. Let us hopo tho " Cbiei " will place tho portrait in hie ancestral galleries — no one else can possibly feel any interest iu such a subject. Mr. B. E. Minna aends a good work iu " Itobbory with Violeuco " (No. til), wherein astnTdy busUman aits on a fallen log iu tho clearing, a leathern ranil bag in one hand, n letter in tbe other, while his companion in crime is on his icnees rilling the other bags. A fire, tbe blue smoke of which curia up in tbe still air, gives hint of the destination of many precious letters, whilst on tho outskirts of the wood the mailman, bound to a troe, helplosoly watches the buahrangers as they methodically complete their . work. The attitudes and expressiona of tbe figures are Buggestive, tho gloom of tho wood is well shown, and the foreground is rendored with delicacy. . Mr. A. Henry Fnllwood in No. 70, "The Station Kitchen," has invested a homely sub ject with intareet by the truth and care with which he has rendered it. The drawing nnd per spective of this difficult interior arc oxcellont, and the idea of space is well conveyed. Mr. Arthur Collingridge furnishes a picturesque bit of continental life in "A Street in Melun, France." There . ia a feeling of brisk wind and motion in tho otherwise still scene. Mr. Edward Coombes, C.M.G., in No. 81 shows as "A Suffolk Marsh at evening." We hare doubts about the streaky aunset of gold and crimson, but it is neverthe less eminently effective from a spectacular standpoint. Against this glorious light nn old mill raises its armta darkly and ghost-like whilst the declining traye warm heather, sedge, and watery marsh, giving a peculiar beauty to the grove of graceful trees hard by. The tranquil charm of the scene has been reproduced with artistic sympathy for nature in her gentler moods. Mme. Roth's holiday iu Tasmania has apparently not been thrown away. This lad- has painted a charming little rustic scene in No.- 88, " On tbe Huon-raad." Mr. A. J. Daplyn shows both humor and in sight into animal nature in " Expectation " (No. 97 ). The unforced comic spirit which pervades, both man and dog, as the former tempts his companion with a pieco of meat held hopelessly out of reach, is admirable, and canine lovers will net fail to appreciate the " doggy" attitude of the confidently expectant auiinal. There ie freedom in the drawing, too, and after this auccess amateurs will expect Mr. Daplyn to try his hand again npon snbjects of the same kind. Mr. W. H. Howes gives a view of " Bondi, Looking South, on a Rough Day" (No. 43) worthy ot tbe praise for the idea of turbulout motion it conveys, with its veil of white spray between the rocks in the fore ground and the headland beyond. Mr. H. A. Barraclough's "Gardening" (No. 361 is remar- kublo for tbe success with which tbe back ground of the delicate green foliage hue been treated, whilst the whole subject is pretty. 