FINALE. Mildred felt rather disappointed. She had expected a story full of the incidents of the rebellion, and instead he had given her a love episode with a tragic finale. < You look disappointed, fair Mildred,' said the Jar, 4 but bear in mind 'twas a page out of real life I have given, you, and everything does not always end happily, whatever may happen in novels.' Perhaps, after all, the gray Jamaica Jar was right, ' Everything does not always end happily,' thought Mildred, though, rightly or wrongly, she pitied Bab keenly, and she fell into a train of thought, from which she was aroused by a slight move- ment from the Tureen. Looking up, she found that the fire had burnt very low, and in lieu of the dancing flame light, a dull red glow pervaded the room. In a few moments more, midnight would chime out, and the friendly voices that had so cheered her lonely evening would be pilent for one long year. SD. she turned first to the Jamaica Jar. * I thank you for your charming story. Nay ; do not think I am disappointed because it ended sadly. I think poor Bab was to be pitied, do you not ?' with a smile which made the Jar's crown of maiden- hair tremble with gratified pride. 4 And so, dear friends,' continued Mildred, addressing the rest of the China, 41 thank you all deeply for the entertain- ment you have afforded me to-ri ight. If I do not make a good speech, you will at least know that my words are heart-felt, will you not? You, my brave Tureen, deserve my thanks for the efficient manner in which you have officiated as Master of the Ceremonies,'-a gentle murmur of assent from the China-4 and the rest, Decanter, Willow Pattern, Sevres Cup, and Pot-pourri Jar, and all, again 1 give my especial thanks ; and now, dear friends, it wants but a few minutes to midnight, so goodnight, and good-bye, until next Martimas Eve.' 4 Good-bye, fair Mistress Mildred, good- bye, good-bye,' came in mingled tones, like a strain of old-time music, from the bric a-brac, and just then the great clock in the hall, struck twelve. And as the hour chimed slowly out, a flame leapt suddenly up amongst the glowing embers and Mildred saw every piece of china distinctly. The old Decanter had a ruddy tint, as though it held the ghost of by-gone wine} from the Pot-pourri Jar was wafted the fragrance of dead and gone rose«'; and surely that Dresden Shepherdess near yon- der Punch Bowl was kissing her dainty hand to her. And then the Hame died down and the room was suffused by a rosy glow as before. But Mildred heard music, such music as was never heard by mortal ears before. Long drawn and ^ad', with passionate love and sorrow throbbing in every chord, till it swelled into a psalm of unearthly joy and triumph, then died away and was lost among the dim echoes of time. For it was no other than the melody oP the memories of the past-strangest, sad- dest music that ever echoes in man's heart -music that no composer has rendered on any'earthly instrument, and yet familiar to all who care to listen for it in the bilerït watches of the night or by the lonely, restless sea-anywhere out of the toil and turmoil of the present. The firelight glimmers with steady, ruddy glow on the figure of the girl asleep in the old high-backed chair. It nestles iii the ripples of her bright hair, 'that half shades the proud, clear-cut features; it glances on the silver buckles of her shoes. And thus her father found her a little later, and bending down he parted the clustering curls from her smooth white brow, and woke her with a kiss. [THU J« ND.] 