EARLY AUSTRALIAN HISTORY A Series of Historical Sketches, bearing upon Australian Colonization and Convict Life in New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land. [COPYRIGHT.] By " The Chatterer." PART III. The Story of the Blacks. THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XVIII.—THEIR PHYSI- CAL CHARACTERISTICS, HABITS AND CUSTOMS. THEIR SUPERSTITIONS AND TRADITIONS. (Continued.) Concerning the moon, some of the tribes in Northern Queensland believed that it was a human being, who came down to earth periodically. They said one tribe threw it up and it gradually rises higher and higher, when it came down again and another tribe would catch it to save it from hurting itself, and then threw it up again. They believed they had control over all the heavenly bodies, and during an eclipse of the sun would chew grass, looking fixedly at the phenomenon and mumbling as they watched, until it had passed. The rainbow they considered to be the clouds in the act of spewing fish into the lagoons, or edible roots on the hills, where the terminal points rested. As in South Australia, so in some parts of Queensland, the natives believed the milky way to be a sort of celestial place after death. They said it was the smoke proceeding from celestial grass, which had been set on fire by their departed women, the signal being intended to guide the ghosts of the deceased to the eternal camp-fires of the tribe. The natives of the Hamilton and Georgiana Rivers called the star Venus mimungoona, or big-eye, and believed that it was a fertile country, covered with bappa, a sort of grass the seeds of which were converted into flour, and that it was inhabited by blacks. There was no water in the star, however, but there were ropes hanging from its surface to the earth, by means of which the earth could be visited from time to time and thirst assuaged. An old chief of great power was said to exer- cise authority in mimungoona. The belief in sorcery and witchcraft may be said to have been universal amongst the race, and in all the tribes, and the principal object to which it was applied was the destruction of enemies. The "doctors" of the tribes, small and great, were supposed to possess the power of charming away the lives of individuals to whom they or their friends were opposed, and this was done by obtaining some object belonging, or which once belonged, to the individual whose death was sought, and chanting over it certain songs and manipulating it in different ways. If the doctors could obtain a portion of the hair of the intended victim, or some refuse of his food, or a portion of anything he had worn, he was supposed to have full power to work the death spell. The object of the spell was invariably a male, females not coming under the ban, yet the latter were quite as fearful of its operation as any of the male members of the tribe. The doctors of one tribe were supposed to possess the power of nullifying the witchcraft of the doctors of another by counter incantations, and the magicians themselves were sometimes made to suffer when evil came upon distinguished indi- viduals, as it was considered that they had been neglectful of their counteracting duties. Death resulting from any other cause than old age or actual warfare was always attributable to sorcery, the idea being that the illness preceding death was caused by the melting of the kidney fat, upon which the spell directly acted. It is worthy of remark, however, that although they were each firm believers in the powers of sorcery to work evil, the blacks did not act as fatalists, but adopted every precaution to guard themselves against it, and avenge themselves of the enemies whom they supposed had put it motion. Amongst the tribes of more importance many of the elaborate customs and mystic ceremonies to which they adhered favoured the assumption that they had descended from a more civilized state of society, particularly the one ceremony of offering sacrifice which obtained in the Narrinyeri, the largest and most important of the South Australian tribes. When going upon a great kangaroo hunt the first wallaby to fall before the stroke of a boomerang or waddy was made an offering a fire being kindled and the wallaby placed upon it. As the smoke ascended the hunter would chant a song as they stamped upon the ground and lifted up their weapons towards heaven. This was done to secure success for the expedition. Among the Darling tribes there was a tradition concerning their origin which might lead one to suppose that they had heard the story of Adam and Eve. It was to the effect that long back in the past a solitary blackfellow and his two wives arrived on the banks of the Darling, which then knew no inhabitants of the human species. The two wives were named respectively Keelpara and Mook- wara, and these bore their Adam children. In the course of time the daughters of Keelpara were taken to wife by the sons of Mookwara, and the daughters of Mookwarra were wedded to the sons of Keelpara, the children of each bearing the male class-name. Eventually the two classes were divided, the Keelparas into emus and ducks, and the Mookwaras into kangaroos and opossums ; and thence- forth no male of the emu class could marry any female descended from Mook- wara, but only such as belonged to the proper sub-class. And thus the law of association and division regulated itself long after the original settler had disappeared. 