Current Events. -' Christie Gohsst-intine, who keeps an oyster ehopinWickham street, has been fined £30 • and £2 -7s. ooste for sly grog-Belling. ';Cantoin Michael, who was censured for the iwroolr.of, the steamer Polly in Johnstono Rivar ' some* weeks ago, has had the censure romoved by the Marine Board. • z- Messrs. Mylne and O'Malley, Oivll Service ' Commissioners, concluded their inspection of the razlous brsnohes of the Government depart ments in .'Beenleigh last week, and returned'to town. • They investigate the working affairs of / the City Pofioe Court this week. \- The copseeration and constitution of a new Hssonio lodge at the East Brisbane Masonic Hall, Fiyewaye, Woolloongabba, took place on Monday, in the presenco of a very large number : of brethren. The new lodgo was named the Fen wlok Lodge, working under the United Grand Lodge of England. As the Tumua was rounding Kangaroo Point on Sunday, at about half-past 12 midday, on her way down to the Bay, a fireman named Reynolds was Been to fall overboard. The engines were at once stopped, a lif ebnoy thrown over, and a boat lowered, but the man was never seen to riso to the surfaco. After delaying abontr20 minutes the Jumna proceeded down theriver. After a prolonged course of study and praotice in various London and provincial hospitals, Dr. Robert Thompson, a Sydney Grammar School boy, has returned to Australia to practice his profession. He has rosol red to put up his tent in Brisbane. Dr. R. Thompson has, daring the last 3} years, devoted himself more especially to the stndy of diseaeca of the eve, and amongst numerous appointments in this department he held that of ophthalmic assistant to Guy's Hospital, London, an honour which haB been conferred an no other student. Dr. R. Thompson's annoanocment appears on another psge. " Wo have received from the .publisher, Mr. Keith, Niwi office, Maryborough, a copy of Mr. F. A. O. Byrne's "Tables of Log Heasure . ment," with a list of the indigenous timbers of Queensland. In his prefaco the anther says that /full dependence) may be placed on these tables as great care has been beatowed on their aocnraoy; that lumberers and others can now determine in a few minutes by theBo tables tho superficial contents to an inoh of either a raft or a pant losd of timber. This book should be in great demand amongst timhergetters and timberworhera. The Brisbane Literary Circle held one of their quarterly outings on Saturday. The plaoe ap pointed for meeting was the river bank near Gorinds station, and a contingent of the Ipswloh Literary Circle joined the Brisbane literary Circle there. Altogether abont 10 members mustered, and passed a very agree able afternoon. The first item on the pro gramme was a paper by Mr. R. H. Roe en the Greek drama. The address was listened to with keen attention. The reading of the pley |" Antigone " was then proceeded with and well reoeivea. Dr. Lyons gave a very interesting address on Huxley, quoting at length some of the scientist's opinions on the suhjeots of the day—the woman question and education. A paper on Sir Walter Scott by Mr. W. Graham, and a recitation by Mr. O'lieary, with the ad dition of a couple of Bongs, oomploted the pro gramme. The Tarings Divisional Committee met on Monday evening at the board hall, Mr. W. H. Kent in the chair. Soros routine business having been disposed of, the committee pro ceeded to settle tho boundaries of the new division, over whioh most of those present had gone, and as a result it was decided to adhere to the boundaries proposed at the recert public meeting, subject to the new division being sub divided into three snbdivisions. The boundaries are as follow:—Commenoing at tho junction * of the Toowong Creek with the Brisbane River, thence bearing weit along the boundary of tho Toowong Shire to tho Oneiree Hill reserve, thence by a road bearing south and sonth-west to its junction with the Mogglll road, thenoo eastward by the southern boundary of the Witt.n Eitato to the river, and thenoo along the rivorbank to tho point of commencement. The boundaries of the sub* divisions were also arranged and subcom mittees appointed to canvass for signatures to the petition. One of the committee having reported the ourrenov of a rnmOur that it was intended to form a shire, tho gentlemen who are to canvaas for signatures undertook to make it quite olear that tho object in view was a division j and notaBhire. A very satisfactory exhibition of the smart ness of the ciew of Mossrs Wm. Howard Smith end 8ons' steamer Derwent, in lowering their hosts, n given on Tuesday in tho prosonoo of Mr. Fison, inspector of shipping. Without any previous warning the men were summoned to boat stations, and all the boats were pulling away from tho ship within 3-J minntoa from the time' of tho alarm, tho first- boat getting away in 10 sooonds. Clarke's patent detaching apparatus was usod on this ocousion. It consists of two large balls ^which' tiro fittod one at onch ond of tho. boat, and are hold in "loir * places by a trigger worked by » shaft' running for -and aft inside the bottom of the boat, with a lover at the midship thwart. When the boat is close to the Water the shaft is half turned, the largo balls' are released, and the boat drops into tho water. Each seaman has his particular share of tho Work of lowering a boat allotted to him, and' prooeedsat once to work on tho alarm being given. It is understood that Captain Andrews, the commander of tho Derwent, oxeroi oshis crew at boat praotice over)- Saturday afternoon when at Maryborough, and occasionally has the boats pulled away from the ship. This probably accounts for tho extraordinary smart ness of the mon. Tho practice of Captain Andrews is one whioh ought to be adopted by au Comman tors of our coun ting steamers. Tho present occasion comprised the .half-yearly wspootlou by tho shipping inspeotor. ' The subscriptions up to date to the Southern Queensland Flood HoKef Fund amount to £4,740 10a. 8d. The generous offer of the uao of the Opera Houao and all its appurtenances for an enter tainment in aid of the Bourke flood sufferers did not meet with the response it merited. The attendance was meagre. Itia probable that LadyandMisaNorman will leave for 8ydney &n; mutt to Europe on May 29. His Excellency the Governor will accompany them as far as Sydney, returning to Brisbane about a week later. A telegram was received by Sab-Inspector Graham, of IpBwioh, on Sanday night, from Senior-Constable Butler, of HeUdon, stating that the latter had telegraphed to Brisbane for a black tracker to endeavour to find a child which had bsen lost iu the bush there since Saturday. The tracker was sent, hut th<* child was found by Senior-constable King, of Gat ton, after being 63 hours in the scrub. As many as possible of the members of the Defence Force and volunteers will go into camp atLyttonon Fridiy night, May 23, and all are expected to be there on the morning on Queen's Birthday. In honour of the day a review wlU bo held by the commandant and a feu de joie fired. On Monday, 26th instant, biB Excellency the Governor will hold a review at 11 o'clock, and in honour of the occasion it is understood that a public holiday will be proclaimed. 'William and Kathleen M*Fadden made their fiual appearance before the bench at the City Police Court on Monday afternoon. No further evidence was taken, Mr. Lukin who appeared for the defendants Btatiog thai they had decided not to call any witness for the defence in that court. Both the defendants were then fully committed to take their trial at the next sitting of the Supreme Court to bo hfld on Monday. May. 26 instant. Bail allowed to each de fendant, self in £80 and two Bnreties of £40 each. The third annual meeting of the Federal Building, Land, and Investment Society was held in the Brisbane Stock Exohange aa May 9, when there was a large attendance of shareholders. The report was adopted. A dividend of 10 per cent was declared. There being no opposition, the chairman declared Messrs. V. B. Gannon, M L A.. J. Gebbie. B. Berkley, andG. EL Blocksidge, Mr. "Woolnougb having withdrawn, duly elected as direotors. Meeflrs. G. S. Murphy and W- Bulcock were re-elected auditors at the same fee as before. The Treasurer (Hon. John Donaldson) re turned to Brisbane in the Arawatta on Thursday week, and was in attendance at his office on Friday. Mr. Donaldson speaks in the high est terms of the receptions accorded to the Govstnor and Ministers, at the various places Charters Towers of course surpassed all others until the Townsville banquet, which was a very *' big affair." Mr. Donaldson speaks in particularly high terms of the rioh lands in the Mackay district. He has returned to Brisbane fully oonvinoed that something must be done to promote the full and profitable utilisation of those lands. Tbo usual monthly readings at the Indooroo prHy Hall were held oh the l'2th instant. A capital programme was provided and plenty of it. Miaa Scott led off with a well played over-" ture. Mr. Bakey sang. "The Ghost" in characte*, and anothor song iu good'style. Messrs. Thompson and Carrey created rears of laughter in their nigger songs and eccentricities. , Mr. B. H. Scott aanga 11 masher"song,and Mr. : Basher followed with " The Bridge," and both I wero well received. Little Olive Scott gavea j humorous recitatiou. The second part com menced with a double Irish jig by Messrs F. I Looks and H. ft'aad. The j*g was danced in $ood style— It was followed by a nigger farce by Messrs. Thompson,and Curry. There were several. changes * of pcenery, end' tho stage arrangements were very good. A conplo of hours dancing closed a very pleasant evening. / At the ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Brisbane Hospital Committee bald on Tut*eday the deaths of patients were reported as fol low: Jeremiah M'Cool, aged 34, admitted January 1, and died April 20 ; South Sea Islauder, Tommy, aged 16, admitted March 11 and died April 26 ; .Cocueiia* Kirby, aged 42, admitted April 17 and died April 23; South Pea Islander, Carrie, aged 28, admitted. April 9 and died . April 24; Oeorgo Atkinson*, aged 44, admited April 22acd died April 23 ;John Graoey, aged 22, admitted April 2 and died April 29; Barbara Authonr, aged 64, admitted March 7 and died .May 1; HughCLvaoagh, aged 56, admitted Ap-il *24 ;nnd died May 2; James Tidley, aged 23, udmitfced January 16 and died May 3; Robtrt Hodgson, aged .24,. admitted May 2 and died s*'uoday; Minnie! Nelson, aged 34, admitted March 20 and died May 6; John Diokson, aged 27, admitted May 6 and died May 8 ; John WoUb, aged, 23,"ad-, mittod April 23 and died same day. ( , , . ' , The second, annual meeting of subscribers to, and thoso interests in, day' nurseries, was held | intho leotureroom'of theSohoolof Arts on Mon day afternoon, when Lady Norman; p.itroness of the society, was present with abiut 20 other ladies. The Rev. E. Griffith oa}Upied the chair, andMes*ri»; JS." Griffith and • 9. Brooks, auditors, were also present. The reportof: tbo committee for the past year presented and read by Mis* Louglands, the hon. 'secretary of - the sociotv, showed that the three nurseries, namGy, Red Hill, Fortitude Vallov, and South Brisbane, wore continued until Soptember last, when it was deemed advisablo to oloso the Red Hill establishment as, owing to the small number of rosidents availing themselves of its benefits, it was not considered to be a felt want in tho dis trict Tho South Brisbane establishment had been removed to more ooatral and suitable promises in Dock street. During tho year the children accommodated at tho various nurseries numbered 1,689, which number was 735 lew than that of tbo previous year. The finance report showed ft credit balance of £18 8s. 9d The ftdvieftblcucss of continuing tho two establishments—namely, Soti'h Brisbane and Fortitude Valley, was oousidered, and it was finally decided that one nursery be kept open for the present, the selection bring left with the committee, A branch of the Government Savings Bank ie to be eatablithed at Albion. The proceedings of the Presbyterian General Assembly will bo concluded in cur next i'gue. ■ In the Supreme Court civil jurisdiction on Tuesday, hie Honour Sir Charles Lilley. O. J., gave a word of warning to parties who come to court with much cry and little wor-1. 111 have made up my mind for the future," the learned judge said, u if nnneces*ary issues are tried, the party who Beeba that luxury paya for it." A meeting of the Brisbane Butchers' Em ployfea took place at the Belfast Hotel on Cue?day. There was a very full attendance of members pre?ent. The delegates reported the successful issue of the negotiations that had taken pl«-e with regard to the balf-holiday, the Graziers' Company havirg now intimated their intention of giving the conco*-ion desired. The matter of the annual pijnio was then taken up, and it was decided to hold it on June 17. The refrigerating cars known aa Howlina'a patent Reliable refrigerating car and the Ipswich car respectively, were submitted to a final comparative test on Thursday laat. The cara were taken on the Cleveland line to Mooraree, and there leaded with a quantity of chilled meat, and will then be despatched to Charlevilie They will return on Saturday (to- day) it about noon, and after the meat in both cara has been thoroughly examined and compared it will bo sold. Information baa been received by the Hydraulic Engineer's Department, th»t water has been struck atLaidley, at a depth of 2,475 feet or within 25 feet of. the contract depth. The bore was onTue&day; down to 2,480 feet and the water was level with the f urface, after the tools had bten removed. News baa also been reoeived that the bore at 68-mile peg, on the road to St. George, had struck water at a depth of 1,340 feet. The water there also waa at a level with the surface when the tools were removed. - A telegram waa received on Tuesday by the secretary to the Marine B?ard, from the har bourmaster at Cooktown, stating that the ketch, Jennie Scott, had been wrecked on a rock off W reef, near Channel Rock, on the 8 th instant. She was bound fromNormsnton for Townsville in ballast. The Marine Board at Townsville have received instructions to hold an inquiry into the circumstances of the wreck, and also into the circumstance? attending the stranding ot the schooner, Flying Scud, at the entrance to Rosa Island. The Brisbane Milling Company are now in' fnll working order at the mill in Tribune a'rest, and on Wednesday afternoon, at the invitation of the directors some 60 or 70 gentlemen assembled at the company's premises to formally open thein. Among those present were Hons. A. J. Thynne (Minister for Justice), and J. Donald son (Colonial Treasurer), the directors of the company (Messrs. A. F- Luya, M.L.A. (chairman), James Hipwood, ; J. H. Wheatley, J. Ainsworth, and A. Hidson), and the Mayors of Brisbane and South Bris bane. The following is a specimen of what is some times received by the occupant of the majorat chair of Brisbane :— Brisbane, May 14, 1890. Ta his Worship te Mnizor oi'Nort Brisbane.. Sir, i to untcr singet Hat pair of Brownstr, New farm has given N otis of nuseas from Drainag on mey Properte from te filling up of te street with was quite dry before I haf been infonnt aa Properte r air as 1 linf in Brownstr tis 14 yah. entitelct to some comisiteraton. I am reppeet fully. The employees of Carew, Gardner, and Billington, Limited, were entertained" by ths directors of the company cn Monday at the Victoria Luncheon Rooms, in honour of the departure of Mr. Riohard Billington, on a badness tour t> England and the European continent. Tho number present reached about 105, and among the specially invited guests were Mr. W. G. Billington and Mr. H. Gardner (of Melbourne). Mr. M. 1£. Smith, one of the senior employees of the company, presented to Mr. R. Billiogton a really handsome travelling -bag, fitted with silver-mounted dressing case appurtemnres. A silver plate affixed to the fittings was suitably inscribed. Mr. Smith, in making tha' presentation,' referred to Mr. B.Uingfc-m's popularity nnd read a: brief Address signed by thehe*d» of the respective *?epart-~ mcnta. ^Ttus^addresa referred to Mr. Billing ton's nhiform :kindnew and 'courtesy,', and wished hira and his family a'pleasant journey, and a safe return to "sonny Queenshnd." Mr:- Billington, in r responding, said the gift; was "entirely unexpected, and- he found it impossible to properly express his feelings He thanked them very heartily for such a useful gift, and as he would be using it very fre quently he would be coastautly reminded of tbeirkindicss &ud; of the associations connected | therewith. He looked hopefully to tbe future, i and expressed his opinion'that Queensland was I on the ove of better times. Some more speeches, ' Singing, and dancing folloired." Our disappointments nre God's appointments. It would puzzle most persona to fiud a printer's error iu a moderu mpyof the Bible ; hut in a recent issue from the Cambridge Press it will be found that in the 13th versa of the 43cd chapter of Ieaiah tha letteru t," for the letter *' f," has beea u.-ed to commence j the word 11 foundation." The Queen's printer, aud the Oxford and Cambridge Prases, who alono print tho Bible, undertake, as is not generally known, to give a uuiuea for every mi«tako diaoovertd. In this iustance the e*rcr was det-ctot by Master Alfred Adlor, tho young sou of the Ohi^f Rabbi. Dr. Adler drew tho attention of Dr. Wright, tin librsrtau of the British and Foreign Bible Society, to it, and tho latter obtamfd the guinea from the Cambridge Pre?s for Master Adler. With very graoefaUyexpre8^fdgenero?ity, tho lad returned tho guinea to Dr. Wright, and a-ked him to credit dt to the fond-now being raised bj the ] society to purchase the famous Fry collection j of Bibles, 1 