ON A MOUNTAIN TRAIL. [By H, P, Robinson, in St. Nicholas ] We had no yarning. It waB as if they had deliberately lain in ambush for us at the turn in the trail. They seemed suddenly and silently to rise on all Bides of the Bleigh at once. i£Z3 It is not often that the gray timber wolves, or "black wolves," as the mountaineers oall them, are seen hunting in paoks, though the animal iB plentiful enough among the foot-hills of the Rookies. Ab a general rule they are met with singly or in pairs. At the end of a long and severe winter, however, they sometimes come together in bandB of fifteen or twenty; and every old mountaineer has a tale to tell— perhaps of .hiB own narrow escape from one of their fierce packs, perhaps of some friend of hiB who Btarted one day in winter to travel alone from camp to camp, and whose clean pioked bones were found beside the trail long afterward. It was February, and we, Gates and myself, were driving from Livingston, Montana, to; Gulch Oity, fifty miles away, with a load of camp supplies—a barrel of flour and some bacon, coffee, and beans, a blanket or two, and Bcme dynamite (or "giant powder," as the minerB call it) for blasting, a few pioks and Bhovels, and other odds and ends. We had Btarted at daybreak, By 5 o'clock in the even ing, with some ten miles more to travel, the worst of the trail was passed, There had besn little Enow that winter, so that even in the gulches and on the bottoms the exposed ground waB barely covered ; while on the steep Blopes snow had almoBt entirely disappeared, leaving only ragged patches of white under overhang ing boughs, and a thin coating of ice in the inequalities of the hard, frost-bound trail, making a treacherous footing for the horses' hoofs. The first 40 mileB of the road had lain en tirely over hills—zigzagging np one side of a mountain only to zigzag down the other—with the dense growth oi pine and tamarack and cedar on both sides, wreathed here and there ia mist, Bat at last we were clear of the foot bills and reached the level. The tail forest treeB gave place to a wilderness of thiols under* brush lying black in the evening air, and th'J horses swung contentedly from the steep grade into the level trail, where at last they conid let their lega move freely in a trot. Hardly had they settled into their stride, however, when both animalB ahied violently to the left side of the trail. A moment later they plunged back to the right side so Buddenly aa almost to throw me o£E into the brush. Then out of the earth and the shadows of the bushes the grim dark forma seemed to riBe on all sides of ub. There was not a aound—not a snap nor a snarl—but in the gathering twilight of the February evening we sa w them moving noiselessly over the thin coat of sno^v which covered the ground. Iu the uncertain light and moving as rapidly aB we did it was impossible 10 guess how many they were. An animal which waB one moment in plain sight, running abreast ot the horses, would the next moment be lost in the shadow of the bushes, -.'i- two more dark silent formB would edge tip t-< uke its place. So on both sides of ub they Siept appearing and disappearing. In the rear half a dozen joatled one another to push up i.sarer to the flying sleigh—a black mass that filled the whole width of the trail. Behind those again others less claarly visible crossed and recroased the roadway from side to Bide. They might be twenty in all, or thirty, or forty. It was impossible to tell. For a minute I did not think of danger. The individual wolf is the moat skulking and cowardly of animals, and only by some such experience as we had that night does a hunter learn that wolveB oan be dangerous. Bat soon the sloiieB of the old mountaineers oame crowd ing into my mind, as the horses, terrified and snorting, plunged wildly along the narrow trail, while the ghost-like forms glided patiently alongside—appearing, disappearing, and re appearing. The silent pertinacity with which, apparently making no effort, they kept pace beside the flying horses was horrible. Even a howl or a yelp or a growl would have been a relief. But not so much as the sound of their footfalls on the snow was to be heard, At the first sight of the wolves I had drawn my revolver from the leather ca86 in which it bung suspended from nay bolt. Gates, hand ling the reinB, was entirely ooonpied with the boreeB ; but I knew, without n^ed of words, that he saw our pursuera and understood the the peril aB well as I. " Have you your gun ?" I shouted in his ear, A negative shake of the head _waB all the answer. So we muBt trust to the six cartridges in my revolver. " How many wolves.are there, do you sup pose ?"' again I called. ... Again he Bhook hi3 head, as if to say that he could not guess. So the minutes passed and we swept on, riBing and falling and swaying with the in equalities in the trail. The dark forms, growing more indistinct each minute, were hanging doggedly to the sleigh. Suddenly I became aware that a wolf was almost at my elbow; its head was on a level with my waist as I Bat in the low sleigh. In the darknesB I could plainly see the white teeth and the dim circle of the eyes. I hardly had to lean over at all to place the muzzle of the revolver within a foot of the great round head before I fired* X saw the black form roll over and over in the snow aa we went by. Simultaneously, two other Bhadowy Bhapes that had been running abreast of the horseB in advance of the animal that was Bhot dropped back; and looking over my shoulder I could see them throw themselves upon their wounded fellow, As the sea-gulls, following in the wake of a vessel in mid-ocean, swoop from all directions npon some_ floating scrap that ha3 been thrown overboard, bo from both sides of the trail the dark figures rushed together into one struggling mass behind tnejBleigh; and for the firBt time we heard them snapping and Bnarling at one another as they tore their comrade to pieces, The horses appeared to know that in soma way a gleam of hope had come. They ceased plunging and Beemed to throw all their energies into putting aa wide a spaoe as possible between them and the yelping pack behind. How long would the respite be? Seconds passed until half a minute had gone. Then a minute. Could it be that they had left us— that the horrible race was over ? But even as the hope was forming itsalf_ in my mind I became aware of a dim, gray thing moving beside me. A moment later another appeared close by the horses' heads, and be hind us the trail was again full of the jostling pack. It was terrible beyond expression, the utter DoieeleesnesB with which they resumed their places—apparently tireless; keeping pace with the racing horses without a sign of effort.; patient as fate itself. Have you ever been on a fast BteamBhip—say a " 3?. & O." boat in Indian waterB-where the sea is transparent— and, leaning-over the stem, watched a shark following the vessel ? If so, you remember how, hour after hour and day after day, the dark, vaguely outlined body, not more dis tinct than the shadow of a cloud upon the waves, stayed, motionless to all appearance, just so many feet aft in the ship's wake, up matter how fast she moved. To me, and I think to every one whs has Been it,t that silent, per sistent, hauntiDg presence is the very em bodiment of ruthlessness and untiring oruelcy. There, in the twilight and Bbadow, was the same silence; the same indiatinotneas, the same awing impression of motionless speed, the same horror of the inevitable, in that pursuit by the wolveB, But Boon their tactics changed. Either they had grown bolder, or the wolf they had eaten among them had put a keener edge upon their appetites. There were now four or five of the ghostlike forms moving abreast of thehoraes on my Bide of the sleigh alone. On the other side more were visible. They were now closing in upon ub with determination. Suddenly I saw one make a spring at the throat of the off horse and, missing his aim, fall back. The horses had been terrified before; from that moment they lost all control of themselves, Neither the driver's voice nor his hands upon the reins had any influence upon them as they tore wildly down the narrow path between' the bushes, snorting, throwing their heads from Bide to Bide/and breaking now and again into short, shrill neighs of terror. The breath from their noBtrils and the steam from their bodies made a white cloud in the wintry night air almost enveloping them and us, and at times blotting out or sight the wolveB beneath. But the pack waB again closing in, In front of all I could see one running under the very notes of the horses, keeping just bsyond the reaoh of their hoofs, and evidently waiting for the right moment to make a final leap at their throats, Leaning forward, and steadying my aim as well as I could in the rocking sleigh, I fired full at the whole dark mass in front. Apparently the ball passed harmlessly through them, but iu an iCEtant all had vanished—behind and into the buthes—aB a swarm of flies vanish at the waving of a handkerchief. Only for a second, however, and one alter another they were back again, , . . A Becond shot, fired again at random into the mass, was more successful, and once more | we Baw them drop baok and crowd together in th6 trail behind us, while the snapping and | Bnarling grew fainter as the horseB plunged ODi Half o! the last ten miles had now been travelled, and five miles more would bring us to Gulch City and security. The excitement of that race was unspeakable; the narrow lane of the trail lyiDg white ahead of ns and behind ub between the dark borders of the brush, seen fitfully through tho steam from the maddened horses. But the respite this time was shorter than before. Once more our relentless foes gathered round ub silently one by one, The wolves seemed to know as well as we that time was: Bhort and escape lay not far away; for hardly had the pack settled in their places round ns: before I saw one animal throw himself reoklessly at the horses' throats. There was a sudden mad rearing up of both the horses, a wild, despairing neigh, a Bhort yelp from the wolf's throat, and the dark form that had Beemed to hang for a moment, leech-like, to the chest of one of our brave beasts was beaten, down under the hoofs. The others did not wait even for the sleigh to pass, but leaped upon the struggling form even as the runners were npon it. In my ex citement I did a fooliBh thing. Leaning over, and thrusting my revolver almost against the skins of the fierce brntes, I fired two shots in quick succession, They had their effect, I know, for I saw one of the dark figures thraw itself convulsively out of the mass into the brush, where others sprang upon it, and a death-cry went up in the night air, But we could ill spare the ammunition. ThiB idea evidently oocuired to Gates. Lean ing suddenly toward me, but with his eyes fixed on the horses and the road ahead, he called— " How many ehots have you left ? " Only one." "Not even one apiec8 for ns ?" And I knew that he was in earnest. I knew also that he was right; that it would be better to die so than to he torn to pieces by that snarling hungry crew, But it waB too late now. Five shots out of the six were spent, and twenty minutes yet must pass before we could reaoh the camp. And even while these few word3 were being said the pack was close npon ub again, Fiercer now, and more determined than ever to make an end-of it, they crowded around. One even flung himself at the low side of the sleigh to BDap at me, and bis teeth caught for a moment in t he Bleeve of my ooat as I struck him on the head with the clenched hand holding the piBtol. On both sides, too, they jostled eaoh other to reach the flying horses, and I knew that in a few seconds more I muBt sacrifice the last cartridge in my revolver. As a forlorn hope I snatched the buffalo robe which lay on Gates's knees and threw it to their. But they hardly stopped to tear it to pieces. There was more satisfying food in the sleigh. And they closed aroaud the borses again. For the first time Gates turned to look at Jsck!" ho called exoitedly, "the giant powder!" For a moment I did not grasp his meaning. Seeing my indecision ho ahoated again— " The giant powder, Jack !" Then it came to me. Thrusting the pistol into its case I scrambled over into the rear part of the sleigh, and as I did so the wolvea that were following behind fell back a few feet. Hastily fumbling among the various supplies, .1 found the old Back in which the stioka of dynamite were wrapped, and with them the email paokage of caps and fuse. Taking three of the sticks I tied them tightly together with my bankerchief, and quickly fitting the end of an inch of fuBe—for in this case the shorter the" piece the better—into a cap, I thrust the latter into (he centre of the three stioka, I was still at work when a sudden Bwing of the Bleigh and a cry from GateB warned me that something was the matter. The horses, were plunging vio lently, and as the near horse reared I saw that a wolf had leaped upon its withers and wa3 clinging, with its teeth apparently m the Bide of the horee's neck. In their terror the horses bad stopped, and were actually backiug us into the bruEh, Something had to be done", and with some vagne hope 1 fired the last shot from the revolver into the dark circle which already Burrounded the pluoging horses. The shot bad its effect, for one of the brutes leaped into the air with a yelp and fell backward into the bushes. The horse, too, apraog sud denly forward, and the wolf that was clinging to it fell to the ground and was trampled under the hoofs. In an inBtant those of the paak' that had not already flung themselves upon the wounded animal in the bushes, rushed upon this one that was lying lifeless or Btucned from the horses' feet; and once more, for a few seconds, we had breathing space, and the sleigh sped along through the keen air, our enemies Bnarling and quarrelliug behind ub. But the last shot wbb spent 1 Turning my attention again to th8 giant pow der I fixed the cap and fuse more firmly in their place, and taking off my belt wound that tightly round the whole. Bound that again I wrapped one of the old sacks, and tearing off my coat made an extra covering of that, knot ting the sleeves tightly on the outside, that the ravenouB teeth might be delayed in tearing the bundle apart. Crouohing down in the sleigh I lighted a match, and, as I did so, I Haw that the wolveB were upon us again, apparently as numerous and as tireless as ever. The match went out; and a second. Oronching lower still, I made a barricade against the wind with any thing I could lay my handB on in the sleigh, and at last a dull red spark caught the end of the fuse. The paok was already crowding round the terrified horees, which, it Beemed to me, were almost worn out and moved more heavily than heretofore, And how Blowly the fuse burned ! Nursing it carefully with my hands, I blew upon the spark and kept it glowing as it ate its way slowly into the cotton. Why had I not made it shorter? Every moment I expected to feel the sudden jolt whioh told that the wolves had pnlled down one of the horses and that the end had come. At laBt the dull red glow had almost reached the end of the cap. A. few seconds more and it would explode. Thrusting the bundle bsstily into another sack, forgetting even the wolvea in my terror leBt it Bhould explode in my bands, I threw it with all my force into the midBt of the moving forms abreast of the horses. The beasts flung themselves upon it, and as we swept by, the whole pack was again, col lected into a struggling, snarling heap beside the trail. We were bweeping round a curve in the road, and before tho horses had taken a dozen strides the brush shut out the path behind us and the wolves. A moment later and the air and the earth Bhook around us. I was still half- standing, clutching the low side of the Bleigh, and the concussion threw me upon my face. .There port was not the crash of a cannon nor the sharp noise of gunpowder, but a dull heavy roar like an instantaneous clap of distant thunder, The BtillnEEB that followed was intense, but I thought that I heard from the direotion where the wolveB had been one broken muffled howl, What had been the effeot of it? Both GateB and myself leaned forward and with voice and band urged the horses on, When would those grim, gray, ruthless forms reappear? The seconds passed; minute followed minute, and the horses, breathing painfully, labored on over the level trail. With every yard travelled hope grew stronger, until leaning over again I said to Gates— "I don't belive they're coming, Charlie." But his only reply was a shake of the reiu3 and another word to the horses, Then Euddenly there came a twinkle of light in the distance. The brush fell away from the trail and the white expanse of the clearing of Gulch City was before us, * * -> * •» For a distance of fifty yards at a point about a mile and a half north of Gulcb City the old Livingston trail had to be abandoned. It would have been more labor to repair it than to clear a new pathway through the brush, Aud when I left that part of the country two years after ward the pack6rB would still turn out of their way for a minute to look at " Giant Hole" and to kick up out of the weeds and brush that had grown aronnd it the shall or part of the skele ton of a wolf, 