CAN A MOTHER FORGET? A TRUE GHOST STORY OF TO DAY, Our London correspondant draws atten-<*> tion to a remarkable ghost story la the July number of Blackwod, which is vouched for as true by a well-known Boman Catholic priest. It fa very beauti fully told, and has attracted widespread notice. The subjoined merely folio va the outline: — In one of the poorest and most over crowded parts of poor and overcrowded London one bitter night early In February there sat In a barely famished sitting-room a young priest with an elder priest, who looked weary beyond words. As thVy sat the door-bell rang and the door waa gently opened by a tall lady drecsed in black. She was exceedingly fair to see, beantlfol In feature and carriage beyond most women; bat then was an Inexpressible charm far beyond even that—a dignity of manner and appearance such as Father Warren had never seen before. Advancing towards him, she said In a low, dear, and most melodious voice, " Forgive me, dear father, for disturbing yon so late, and on such a night; bat no other could fulfil so well the mission which luk yon to undertake. Will you ootne with me to bring comfort and hap* plnees to a departing and erring sonl i and will you bring the Holy Sacrament with yon, that, having confessed and been absolved, he may go hence In peace ?" "Den lady," answered Father War ren, *' I have not eaten since the morning. My clothes are wee through, and I am very weary. Another priest of God more worthy than I shall go with you." "Say," she raid, looking wistfully at him, " I pray yon go with me yomsetf, for to you was I sent, and the time la very short. I beseech yon to come with me, and nuke no delay. By the love of the Blessed Mother fox her Son, by the love of that Son for all His erring children, 1 Implore you come with me, and come quickly." She pleaded so earnestly and tenderly that lie hastily pot on a cloak and left the house with her. At last the stopped, and, knocking firmly and decidedly at the door of a house, she turned round to the priest and said—" I have shown you the place and told you of the-sore need of one who lives there. 1 can do no more and mast go now. May the blessing of God the Father, the love of God the Son, and the help of God the Spirit go with you now." She tamed rapidly away and was quickly ought of sight. The door was opened by a stout, comfortable, respect able servant, who Beamed rather astonished at his appearance. " I have been summoned to a dying bed," he said ; " pray take me at once to the room." The woman looked perplexed, and answered—"There ain't no dying beds here, nor hasn't been this long time. Bat you had better come In and explain It to the young master." So saying, she led the priest Into .a most comfortable room, where was seated alone a young man evidently waiting for his dinner, prepara lons for which were on the table before him. The father could sot withstand the genial greeting, and sitting down, told the young man how be came there. His host was grieved and concerned at the useless fatigue and exposure he had gone through, and said, " I feac you have In your ready self sacrifice, given way too easily to some Mi^l^SV lady, more zealous than judicious, who In her desire to do mucb, has to-night at least, done too much, and made a mistake In an address which we can neither of us now rectify. " But I shall not let you go out again till you are thoroughly warm and fed," said the yong man. Soon they were together as though they weie old friends. They seemed drawn towards each other In some mysterious way, and their hearts were opened, and they spoke as neither had done for yean. *' I once belonged to your church," said the lad, In rather Bad, regretful tones; " but I belong to noxhurch now. Since my dear mother died nothing seems of teal interest, and I feel that If she were Indeed living in any state, the would find some way to communicate with me, for herven itself - could bring no joy to her If I were shut outside. I want happiness, I want my mother, I want my old fall life back again. It cannot be true that sue is living anywhere, in any abate, and has forgotten her only child, her boy, her companion, and her friend. My fa&e;* died suddenly of heart disease before I was born, and mother and I were all In afl to each other; we had not a thought apart. Wo ! she fa dead Indeed 1 gone forever I" " Come back, come back," said the priest, " to the falfch and the church which made your mother what she was—what ■he fa." I know not what further words he used, nor dare I venture to describe the feelings of the youth as he listened ; but after a while his better nature conquered entirely, and kneeling before the priest he cried, 41 Becetve me back again, I pray you, and bless me, even me also, O, my Father!" To this Father Warren assented, and passed into the adjoining room, leaving the young man alone. In the library he saw the picture of the lady who had brought Mm there. While he waa still standing looking his new fdend entered, and Bald qalckly, " Tou are looking at the portrait of my mother. It fa very like her. Is she not beautiful ? Can you not feel now how I must miss her sweet company every hour of the day ? Is It not strange that I feel nearer her to-night than I have ever done since she died and left me alone ? lodeed, I feel now as if she were not really dead—as If we must meet again. Will you receive my confession now, Father, and give me absolution before I sleep, and then I think Ithall feel-as If the black wall between us bad been broken down for ever." " Willingly, my eon," answered the good priest. Into that solemn interview and subse quent conversation tt b not for us to Intrude, but It was very late before they parted for the night, and It was arranged that they should meet again at the 7 o'clock service in the Mission-room chapel the following morning. Imagine then the disappointment of Father Warren when the service began and ended, and his young friend did nob appear. He was very sad. He went to the house. The door was quickly opened by the same servant as the evening before. But, oh ! how changed In her appearance. In a voice broken by sobs she said, " He fa dead. He fa gone. Passed away In the night In his sleep ; no sound ; no cry. Ihe best master that ever lived. He told ny husband to call him very eatly, and when he went to do co, he found him Ijlrg calm and quiet, and like a marble ironge." Father Warren passed by her silently Into the room ; and ther.e, Indeed, he fcutd him lying ca'tn and quiet, and very peacefal, bat with such a look of bright lispplners on his beautiful young fece, as snowed plainly that he had felt neither solitude nor fear when the angel of df-sth came to fetch him away. " Who can doubt that It was his mother who. came for me last night 3" said the prieet to himself; " for can a mother ever forget, even In heaven, the child of her love on earth '(" 