CHAPTER XIII. , y 5 Ida: {Leigh stood .in ;;thV suihmer-house alone, with eyes averted, and hands elaBped over her ears", as. though.; to .impede,, the ; sound/ of ; Harvey~ Doylels .' voice; ;It !was some seconds before she. became aware of his departure! She iWas'for'the moment stunned, confounded; to such an extent had Harvey Doyle's language overpowered her ? senses, .that if she'had been 'asked to repeat it, she could have given only a very vague his speech. She knew he had given utter ? ance to horribly irreligious sentiments, in- i termingled with declarationa .of love for her Belf, and vile threats"of vengeance' on some unnamed person. . She had a vague in definite comprehension'of- the-general drift of his address, and that was all; -This was the first _ time Ida had participated in a " scene," and hers was; a position in which the most resolute of his sex might have felt disconcerted; still it must be confessed that she was more than necessarily overcome. No sooner did she discover the absence of Harvey Doyle than she sprang along the garden path as though flying from a pur- | auer, and entering the drawing-room threw herself upon the ottoman beside her mother-. , , " Good gracious, Ida ! what on earth is the matter ?" exclaimed Mrs. Leigh, start-: ing to a sitting posture. "Was it a snake, or have you been imagining another ghost? Speak, child." "Oh, mamma, that hateful man; he said such horrid things." " What man, my dear ; who was it ?" . ' ? '.' Why, Mr. Doyle," said Ida, recovering to some extent her natural composure ; for aa she came the situation more calmly, she saw that there was really no cause for the tragical excitement in which she was thrown. Please don't allow- him to come here any more, mamma ; I-can never speak to him again," " . - . 'i " Oh, Mr. Doyle was it? . Now, Ida, tell me everything he said?, and if he has Baid anything unworthy of a gcntlemau, he shall be denied this house for ever." " I don't know exactly what he did say, mamma. His gestures and. looks frightened me beyond the power of all his wordsl First of all, he wanted me to promise to be his wife, and whenrl'said 'No,' he flew into a passion, and said such dreadful things. He said .that lie did not believe in God; that.be did not care if he died ; and that he .would cause me hours of sorrow; but be said a lot of things I did not hear, I was so terrified.'' ' \ , Such Was the succinct and compendious account rendered by Ida of the scene in the summer-house. If Ida had been terrified by Harvey Doyle's conduct, Mr. Leigh when made conversant with the details, was thoroughly enraged. No one had ever be fore seen the master of Bundura at the dis advantage of disturbed serenity ; and when Kate, the housemaid, informed her kitchen friends that " The governor's back was up and he was going to play ' Old Arry'; with somebody," her audience's lower jaws went down and they gazed at her open-mouthed. Anger was an entirely new sensation to 'Mr. Leigh,and it is just possible that he hardly knew what had come over him, On the following morning he saddled his horse and rode toward Gumbardna. What he in tended to do when he got there it would be hard to conceive^ and the chances are that he was not fully decided on that point him self. He knew that his daughter had re ceived an insult, and that he would have an explanation. The sequel would be an after consideration, though if the days of chivalry were not of the past, it is likely that pistols at 12 paces would have been the remedy suggested to his mind. On arriving at Gumbardna, Mr. Leigh was rather aston ished at the lively aspect of the place. On all previous visits, the dull and sleepy appear ance of the homestead had struck his mind for cibly. Hehadbeeen accustomed to find things in a state of. what printers call;" pi," a handful of loutish fellows lounging about the outbuildings, scarcely making a pretence of occupation ; and a prick of unchained sheep dogs that surrounded every stray visitor, es corting him with a superabundance, of bark ing honors, to. the house door. But how diff erent everything was to-day ! Several new bauds were at work, actively engaged with repairs and .erections, some with nails and hammer diligently restoring the proverbial " nine stioiies," whilst others, by fire des troying unsightly edifices, set about replac ing them with new ones. ; a. . , At the yard gate Mr. Leigh was met by a short keen-eyed man, who had evidently been busy with the rest, for .his shirt sleeves were rolled up to the elbow. This person introduced himself as Mr. Gill, who had been sent up to take charge of Gumbardna, in the interests of banking company. He was most happy to make Mr. Leigh's ac quaintance ; would he dismount and take re freshment ? Mr. Leigh accepted the hos pitality thus offered, and after inspecting the improvements in course of completion, and eulogising the general rectification of affairs, he learned from his new acquain-: tance the following facts concerning Harvey Doyle. , . ,i ,..; . , ' Harvey..Doyle, he "was told, had retur ned to Gumbardna on .the previous evening in a very unsocial; humour. '.' Something must hsve put him in a very sour temper," said Mr. Gill," for he was positively unciv il, and refused to; converse with any one. He had gone straight to his own room, and having packed up his personal effects, label led his trunk 'Sydney.'' Without even taking a cup of tea, he had remounted his horse, and said; '(jood-bye; I shall be in Sydney this time next week; be good enough to forward my trunk to the address I shall send you." After that he rode away ; and Mr. Glil could give no further information on the subject.' ' '' ! " ; gome weeks have' elapsed .since Mr. Leighte visit to, Gumbardna. I HarveylDoyle having freed the district . of his presence, has been consigned with gratuitous good-will? to oblivion, as far as concerned the Leigh family. The months of April?'May and June are exceptionally busy ones in store, stock mar kets. The parching summer, is ._ over ; the pastoral uncertainty that prevails during that season is at an end, and squatters and others engaged in grazing pursuits are then able to guage with a degree of certainity the capabilities of their holdings, during the winter months. Those; who- are short of grass sell stock,, and those who/have a more, than sufficient supply of thalt commodity buy. Wagga, Wagga, the beautiful, the muddy now becomes the great centre of attraction, I Buyers and sellers from every point of the compass assemble in the .town^ .and "amongst'the former carne^Mr^ ;Tieigh >aud Percy Loyd. The drought had hot" .y^t broken, and stock was ruinously cheap. .; But Mr.< Leigh I having conserved his grass during the sum mer months, was now in a position to enter the market, and buy largely. It was to in spect certain lots of sheep, under offer to him, that he came with Percy to. Wagga Wagga. They put up at the Pastoral Hotel, and it was in thefmornihg of the third'd ay after their arrival that Mr. Leigh addressed his companion in the parlour of that house. " I have some business at the bank, which will take me about half an hour to complete. If you meet me then at the post office we will get our letters and look up the ' Long Firm' about the wethers." " Very well, Mr. Leigh ; I shall he at the po9t-office in half-an-hour." After Mr. Leigh's departure, Percy en gaged himself for some minutes in the per usal of a local paper, and was in the midst of struggling through a line of misprints when he was interrupted by the entrance , of a tallisli gentleman, who first rushed in to the room, and then, seeing it occupied, proceeded to rush out again. ? Looking back he happened to recognised Percy, and rush ed foward once more. . o « Ah, Mr. lioyd, when did you arrive I How is my friend, Mr. Xeigh?" " Mr. Leigh is well, Mr. Oollison ; he only left this room ten minutes since." " Oh, in town, too, is he? Then I shall be sore to see him. You'll excuse -me; I must hurry up to the Lands Office. There s a fellow going to select on my run. . Iknow his patch exactly, and I've ridden 80 = miles in less than two hours in order to steal a march on him. I'll block the beggar, this time. . You don't happen to be. going, the : office way, do you ?" , - ; t ... ^ ' "Yes,'VI have an appointment! with, Mli. Lei^h up the town, and it,s about time for to sfcart," said Percy, looking at his -vvatch ; and they Stepped into the street. . . " How are you going to stop that man , from selecting ?" asked Percy, as they^wallc ed»aLook here," replied the other, shpwing a roll of paper " these are what we call Y.L.Q.'s, volunteer land orders, you know.; We buy them in Sydney, and keep a supply in hand. If we think any portion of land is in danger of being selected we pop one of these orders on it, and when the would-be selector arrives at the Lands Office he is in formed that his patch is already taken. That's how I'm going to block the.-,fellow, l SP^How do, sir," he said, nodding to a passer, and when the recognised one had got beyond ear range, Mr. Oollison nudged Percy with his elbow. " Do you know who that is?" .'.His'name is Perquisite, ex-Government official; made good use of a short brilet, and retires to squatterdom. Ha, ha, gooa day, Loyd;" and . with one ^foot on the Lands Office doorstep Mr. Oollison nodded his adieux to bis companion. v '' - A mailcoach had just arrived, ana a crowd of people were hurrying to and'from the Post-office as Percy bent his steps m that direction. According to the dictates ol Percy's watch, he had forestalled his appoint ment by some minutes, and when he glan ced upwards at the conspicuous town clock, with the .intention, of rectifying' his own chronometer thereby, a puzzled expression grew upon his face. The small hand point ed directly to half-past 10; the big hand m dicated a quarter past, whilst with, 9Tv~ bearing, audacity the internal tolling o.t¥aT1 loudly declared the hour to he 1. And then that clock ticked on with the utmost com ,PlNowCttiis sort of thing if highly perplex ing to a i:3W chum.' That clock evidently rp q uiredto be understood bofore being consulted. One migh'tattempttoaxcuse thetinconsistency. of the indicators on the score that gazmgso long on the sanctity'of its surroundings its clockship had become scriptural, that it let not its right hand know what its left ? hand did: but then, that lying tongue upsets the Argument. For its emblematic virtues tlie clock is well placed, aud there is^ recognis able in its direction to Wagga Wagga the. hand of an all-wise providence. It was not long before Mr. Leigh :made his appearance, and the result of an inquiry at the delivery-window was one telegram. Opening this, Mr. Leigh read it at once, and his face immediately assumed a very grave expression. -' , T i " Nothing wrong at Bundura, I hope ? asked Percy, for he saw by the anxious., ex pression of his companion that the contents of the telegram were not satisfactory. .; " No, everything is right at Bundura^ but nevertheless, we shall have to get back at once. - Head that." ., Percy took the telegram, his mind being filled with numerous and puzzling surmises. What could possibly occur apart from .Bun dura to cause Mr. Leigh so much anxiety. He read the telegram, and the best way- of ex plaining the contents to, the reader will be to insert a copy. ? . ' " Gundai 18- . " Mr. Leigh, Wagga Wagga. . ; -i~ "Bushrangers stuck up Bunyeep at 1 o'clock this morning. ; No violence. Come *uiokly- ' ' o. Loigii." Here was truly cause for dismay. It would have been, there verse'of pleasant- at any time and .under any . circumstances to knoW that bushrangers were in the vicinity; of his home, aiid Mr. Leigh felt doubly .an xious now that he and Percy were both abr sent. Mrs. Leigh would be sure to- have, the place well guarded by the menservants," and the police would be gathered m the neighbourhood with.all speed, but though 1 these facts assured hiB mind, to ,a degree* Mr. Leigh felt' very uneasy, and proposed an .immediate start. It was . out of the question to wait for the coach, which did-; not start till the following morning, and a buggy and pair were procurred for the jour ney. They arrived at Bundura on the fol lowing day, finding everything all right, the bushrangers having kept themselves dark. after the robbery of Bunyeep. ; And now commenced a: period of painful suspense and constant apprehension; which all isolated families within a , radius of 100 mileB of Bundura, justly regarded as a reign of terror. The outrage at Bunyeep, which: consisted in the bailing up of the Ohisholm family and the,robbery under arms of all money and valuables Which the place con tained' proved but the firBt of a series of depredations in all parts of the surrounding country. It was no uncommon thing for two places distant from each other 10 miles to be stuck up and ransaked within ^the space of 24 hours. Notwithstanding that the district was literally alive with police, the movements of the bushrangers . were conducted with a secrecy, and ^ their tactics displayed a keen perception winch rendered futile every attempt to catch them. Sum cient information had been gleaned from various individuals who had come in con tact with the marauders to establish the fact that the| gang was identical with the one which some time previous had infested the country under the leadership of " Eed Gap." During a skirmish with a party of police, Eed Cap and one of his followers had been shot dead ; and since that time though large rewards had been offered, no informa tion respecting the survivors had been ob tained. It was generally . supposed that they had disbanded, and had either contri ved to leave the colonies or had retreated into far back interior. Their actual refuge I as the reader has doubtless concluded, was discovered by Harvey Doyle, on the night when he descended " Devil's Hole." . Yes, for two years this band of desper adoes had concealed themselves amongst, the gullies of the Hardens. It seems almost incredible that a band of five men should find hills and gullies sufficient protection against a force of police some hundred strong ; but unity is strength,,- and five men with a fixed and unanimous purpose are better adapted to achieve success than one thousand badly organised and under loose discipline. ,If thft captains of an army are at variance with their general,, .taking no pains to hide their feelings from their sub ordinates, making no . effortQto, .'dexterously execute that general's manoeuvres^ of what military achievements is that army capable? None. A divided house must fall. If then the baneful influence of 'dissension is so fatal to good results upon a field of battle where men, spurred on by the heroism of the moment, will ofttimes fight for- valour's sake alone, how doubly hurtful must this in fluence be when it permeates the raulcs of the police in their humdrum guerilla war fare. They have no such discipline as " death to deserters" to force them onward; they have no well-trained bands stirring their souls with warlike music to deeds of daring heroism'; none of the glamour of chivalry which makes cowards brave amidst the roar of cannon ; tlieir sense of duty, and that alone, must be their incitement. . It is the legal obligations of a policeman to risk his life in the prosecution of his duty; but the instinct of self-preservation is strong in us all, whilst but few can boast of duteous exactitude. In these two Words, " union and disunion," we have a clue to one of the chief causes of the success of the bushrangers, and the complete, almost rid iculous, failure of the police.' As before intimated, the bushrangers had commenced their career of crime some 18 montlis previous to the opening "of our story, and at the outset of what might be called the campaign large bodies of police had been despatched under suitable officers to surround the outlaws in : the Harden mountains. With commendable zeal and a unity of purpose, a continuance of which would have been fatal to the outlaws! . this movement was accomplished. ;Unfortunat ely the next step, was on a false track. A misinformed official conceived a plan of at tack upon a very strong position where he j3upposed..the bushrangers to be ensconsced. .Certain bodies of police were concentrated, upon this almost impregnable positiorj., .'i'lie assaultwas'made"* with unerring judg ment, and no resistance being' offeredf the .rocky fortress was taken. Alas ! what a mournful victory. With what .solemnity and silent awe ; with'what'becoming modes ty did that gallant band survey the spectacle of ruin which their arms had wrought; They turned away, none speaking ; arid as they, descended the hard won hillside the bullet-riddled pines and shattered: oak limbs, laughed with grim, sarcasm; they had stormed an untenanted: stockade. 1 The whole country injudiciously laughed, and, "as a natural . consequence, the I force feltsinall; but:,iristead o'f setting to work with a will to retrieve their tarriished laurels, the under officers ifreely canvassed the action of their superiors, openly blaming them; and' stigmatising "them as totally unfit for, <iom-' mand. . The dissatisfaction- thus ,'displayed by the inferior officersspreadamong.the ranks. .Utter carelessness soon followed. Whilst petulant altercaitions and bickerings were indulged in . by,, the. officers, those under them gave themselves up. .to (.such -selfish ease as their nomadic life afforded, and the upshot was that the bushrangers preserved themselves and their freedom intact up, to., the time of which I now write, when, unde'r: a-new leader, they once . more commenced their depredations. Touching the identity ; of. .this new, leader nothing certain had as -yet been learned, but the descriptions given of his figure- by the Ohisolms (he wore a black , mask and his face could not be seen) were such as to give rise to the belief that his name was " Bold " a notorious ruffian^ who had lately been re leased from Pentridge. Bold had served a long sentence at the just-named criminal de pot, during which time he liad never failed .an opportunity to make himself obnoxious to .his keepers ; and his last words on leaving, the scene of what.he termed his martyrdom had been of a character to create the belief that-his; career as a- criminal:, .was not -ypt ended. ..." - , !: " ;'?? " ! -r Such Was the state of affairs some three weeks after the return of . Mr. Leigh and Percy to Bundura; and the four suc ceeding months were marked by very- few. changes in the situation. A series of out rages, on the part of the bushrangers, and a series of failures on the part of the police, were the only events of interest: occurring, during that time; and as Bundura was 'not' molested by the gang, it may, not be neces sary to apologise to the reader if those four months are passed over in silence. 