THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, OCT. 28, 1890 "ALL'S FOR THE GOOD OF TRADE" THERE are sayings current in every country characteristic in some degree of the people. Thus it is said that ' la gloire' may be taken as indicating the feelings of a French soldier, and that "duty" indicates those of an English soldier. There are other sayings that short the point of view of the artisan and the professional man and the general public with reference to current events. A common saying among artizans about the spending of money is, "All is for the good of trade." How the saying has acquired its hold is hard to say. Possibly it has arisen from abhorrence of miserly conduct. It is doubtful, however, if the miser de- serves his severe condemnation. The money which he accumulates he no longer keeps in a chest, but lends wherever he can. He is really nothing more than the director of the channels in which it is to flow. And the day will soon come when he shall cease even to direct the flow and others will have the management of that which he has carefully gathered. At the most and the worst he is simply a provider for posterity. It is more than doubtful if as much can be said in favor of the squanderer, though his work may seem to be for the good of trade. A famous Roman Emperor "as wont to insist upon having the costliest delicacies and the rarest viands at his table. When far from the sea he would have fish, when at the seashore he would have the products of the distant interior. Another occasionally required a dish of peacocks' tongues and other almost unprocurable luxuries. It would be difficult to prove that such conduct was for the good of trade or of anything else. But let us try the matter by illustrations from nearer home. Suppose that a quartz miner having been very successful in gold mining were to put all his gold into local mines, and to continue to develop un- paying reefs in our district. All welcome him as a benefactor of the district, all chant his praises as a distributor of wages. But if his quartz reefs, however many new ones he found, should continue to be nonpaying it is manifest that the day would soon come when pll his former takings would be used up, and he would have nothing to continue his work, he could no longer be a distributor of wages. And the wage-receivers, unless they had saved something during the period, would finally have to look out for other work. Take another illustration. A man worth £100,000 spends that money in wages to men employed in throwing the mounds of tailings back into unworked mines. The unsightly mounds disappear, the city is beautified, and the streets are improved. So far good. But on the other hand suppose that he employed the money in levelling the alluvial ground, in preparing it for kitchen gardens, fruit-growing, wine-producing, etc., and that every space of six acres he put up a. comfortable cottage for his workmen. Bye-and-by his money runs out, but the ground will now produce enough to keep each workman and his family comfortable. He has spent his £100,000 (we are sup- posing it benevolently done without seek ing a return as we supposed in the former cases.) But the fruits will continue to all time. He has sown seed on good ground. It is thus evident that there is that scattereth and yet increaseth, and there is that scattereth, and doth not increase. Behind the phrase, "All's for the good of trade," must lie permanently the idea of productive expenditure. Without this there can be no clear notion of the value of spending nor of the value of labor. The accumulated wealth of a hundred genera- tions — the houses and gardens and cleared forest land, would soon vanish into thin air, if returns were not sought for money invested. The saying quoted may seem a good one to some, but if acted upon with out an eye to produce, no matter, who the spender may be, a spendthrift or a philan- thropist, there would soon be no trade at all. It is not the business of artizans to tell monied men how to spend their money, but it is their business to get and to spread just notions of useful work, and then shall no more be heard "All's for the good of trade," as the car- penter said when Chicago was burned. All our readers doubtless know this anecdote. "Jock" said a dying father to his son; " Jock mak' money. Honestly if you can — but — mak' money." Good advice many will say, and they try to follow it. True, make money is good advice. But most people never think of the making. What they try to do is to get money already made — a totally different thing. There is no harm in getting it when an equivalent is given. Fair exchange is no robbery. But the equivalent is just what some think they should not give, what would spoil all the making. Three years ago there was a good example of this trying to get money without equivalent. Men gave bills for land which they had no use for, which they had no desire to use, which they hoped to pass on to some bigger fool than themselves for more money. The essence of the transaction lay in trying to get money without equivalent. The forgetting of this equivalent which is the essential of all sound business led many men, honest, honorable men into transac- tions which, were, as pitch, not be handled without pollution. At first sight land speculation might seem legitimate as other business. A merchant expecting a rise in sugar buys a large quantity and reaps a handsome profit if the rise takes place. Why should not a man buy land for a rise. Because in the first place the merchant takes the fall if it come instead of the rise. If he is unable to meet the fall he has gone beyond legitimate business, and should he become bankrupt through rash speculation the opinion of the community formed by centuries of trade is expressed by the judge who may refuse him the bene- fit of a certificate. But as, all are aware speculators in land behaved differently. They dropped their deposit, drew back from their bargain, and were not declared bank- rupt or sent to gaol as rash business men would have been. The second reason is this — Dealers in land tried to get money not to make money. A tried to get money out of B's pockets. Now, whatever a man may say in excuse for himself when he gets the chance, such procedure is not sound business; nay, more, carried out it is ruin to all sound business, it does not mean pro- gress, it does not mean development, it does not mean increase of trade. A mining com- munity does not require to betold what buying for'a rise means, and how disastrous to mining such conduct is when carried to any large extent. The men who develop- our mines and benefit the district are those who treat them as an in vestment — to hold on abiding the chances. Trying to get money rapidly degenerates into mere gambling. Of this the community has its full share every race period. Much can belaid in favor of betting. In its simplest form it is merely a statement of probabilities. A thinks Ringmaster's chance three to one, and backs his opinion by cash. To that simple form wo have parallels all through life; in every trade or profession men act on probabilities. But to say that because men act on probabilities there is no evil in betting is wide of the mark and fal- lacious. As well might one say that be cause we must eat there is no harm in gorg- ing. To put a pound on a horse may be no more harmful than throwing one into the creek. The backer may be able to lose it, and be none the worse (of course the book maker is left out of count). To back a horse for the sake of gain is a totally different thing. In this matter there is no equivalent given or got. It is simply who is the luckiest in handling his neighbor's pocket. It is not making money, it is not investing, and too often unfortunately it is not abiding the chances. It would be well for Victoria if sound views on making money were more general, and men refused to make chances or accept chances of transferring money in any such way. Other issues — those relating to the character and morals of a people — depen- dent though these be on men's actions, we do not here refer to. But the business aspect of these matters is a broad one, and brings us face to face with what vitally con- cerns our wellbeing and progress. There is no progress where A simply gets what B has made without giving a fair return, and what is worse the wellbeing of the com- munity is sapped. PARLIAMENTARY.— Both Houses of Parlia- ment will meet to day (says the "Argus"). In the Legislative Council the Melbourne Harbor Trust Act 1890 Amendment Bill, and the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works' Bill, will be further considered in com- mittee. The Municipal Overdrafts' Indemnity Bill, adjourned debate on the second read- ing, also appears on the business paper. In the Legislative Assembly the esti- mate of expenditure under the Land Act No. 812 and the Railway Loans' Act Nos. 989 and 1,032 will be submitted by the Premier, who will take advantage of the opportunity to reply to the statements made by the leader of tho Opposition on Thursday concerning the con- dition of the finunccs of the colony and the amount available for the construction of new railways. The consideration of the Estimates will be resumed, and the Local Government Act 1890 Amendment Bill and the Fire Brigades' Bill will be fvmhor considered in committee. THE GOLDEN SQUARE MURDER.— Catherine Whitford who murdered her husband at Golden- square some time back, and who is now in the Sandhurst Gaol awaiting her trial, has become a raving maniac. At times she is so violent as to require the combined strength of two female warders and two prisoners to restrain her. This morning Dr. J. M. Eadie, the medical officer of the gaol, and Dr. Hinchcliff will visit the gaol and examine the woman, and if her mental con- dition is as bad as represented, they will recom- mend her removal to the Kew Lunatic Asylum. THE GAS COMPANY AND THE STRIKE.— The Bendigo Gas Company authorities state that they can make their present stock of coal last for another three weeks, by which time they expect to receive further supplies of coal, as the collieries have now resumed operations. MILITIA ITEM.— By last Friday's "Gazette " we are pleased to notice that Joseph Henry Abbott, son of the hon. J. H. Abbott, M. L. C., has been appointed lieutenant on probation in the First Battalion Victorian Rifles. NEW INSOLVENT.— Amos Alexander, of Kan- garoo Flat, builder. Liabilities, £114 18s 10d; assets, £1; deficiency, £113 18s 10d. Official assignee,Mr. John Hasker; attorneys, Messrs. Motteram and Hyett. "OLD TIMES ROCKS." — The McIor-road between Sandhurst and Heathcote has had more traffic on it during the last few days, owing to the Knowsley rush, than for many a week past. The feature of the traffic is the number of horsemen who visited the rush, and at one of the points of the route, it is stated, that 60 horsemen passed in a quarter of an hour. The traffic during the night waas continuous, the moon being favorable, while during the days the parties passing were large. Many a one stopped to look at the capacious premises, which many years ago were known as Mathie- son's Hotel, and in which many a successful gold digger in the locality celebrated his suc- cess. "It reminds me," says an old resident, "of the stirring times of the robbery of the gold escort on 21st July, 1853, when a tree was felled across the road, and the escort from Mclvor to Melbourne was stuck up, and shoot- ing irons freely used. BENDIGO SCIENCE SOCIETY.— The adjourned monthly meeting was held at the School of Mines last evening. There were between 30 and 40 present. A letter was received from Mr. J. B. Lillie Mackay tendering his resigna- tion as secretary on account of illness. It was decided to hold it over for a month. The Rev. W. Williams, F. L.S., read an instructive paper on "Harmonic Curves," describing the har- monic relations of the notes in music, Lissajon's experiments, and the construction of the hono- graph, and illustrating his remarks with dia- grams and a number of tracings of harmonic curves. Dr. Colquhoun also read an interesting paper on "Exercise and Health," in which he enforced the wisdom of adapting the form, of exercise taken to the capacity and necessity of the person. He divided his subject as follows : — 1. Physiological effects of exercise. 2. Dif- ferent forms of exercise. 3. Beneficial results of exercise. 4. Occasional disadvantages or dangers of exercise. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded to both lecturers. MINING MISHAP.— Yesterday afternoon about half-past three o'clock a winding accident hap- pened at the mine of the Hustler's Reserve Com- pany No. 2, Pall Mall. A truck of mulloch was being hauled up, and just as the cage reached the brace the rope (a flat Manilla) broke off at the neck of the shoe at the top of the cage. It was at first thought that the cage had been caught in the tumblers, but this was afterwards found not to be so. Seymour's safety appliances acted splendidly, but owing to the skids being a bit wide at the brace the cage dropped 15 inches before the grippers caught. The rope was taken off, re attached and work was proceeded with as usual. Men had been sinking the shaft but had ceased work immediately before the acci- dent. THE MARONG WATER SUPPLY.— At the meet- ing of ratepayers held at Leichardt on Friday last to consider the action of the council in their contract with the Minister of Water Supply, the following resolution was passed unanimously :— "That a deputation be in- structed to interview the shire council to point out that the council has no power to pledge the credit of the shire for the construction of any scheme of water supply, and that, therefore, the action taken by the shire is illegal, and that unless the ratepayers are relieved of the responsibility, action will bé taken." A JUVENILE PICKPOCKET.— We have fre- quently recorded the loss of money in the different auction rooms of the city, and yester- day morning another case occurred at Messrs. Jas. Andrew and Co's. The opportunity was a very good one, as the rooms were crowded, but no one suspected the mere child — for she is a girl only seven years old — that was buzzing around in the crowd. Several people felt their pockets being interfered with, and on turning round invariably saw this little girl near them, but they never gave a thought that she was the culprit. At last, she, in her hurry, dropped 5s that she had extracted from a lady's pocket, and thus drew the attention of Mr. Andrew. She was questioned,and after denying it stoutly, admitted that she took the money out of the lady's pocket. Being so young she was let go, after being severely lectured. It would be well if one of our detectives could drop in now and again and keep a watchful eye for these gentry as there have been several cases lately that have not been reported. DEPARTURE OF MR. T. J. LAWRIE.— On Saturday morning last, Mr. T. J. Lawrie took his departure for Ballarat, where he has gone to fill a responsible position in the Holy Ghost College as teacher. While regretting his depar- ture, his many friends will be glad to hear of his success, and the directors of the college are to be congratulated on obtaining the services of Mr. Lawrie, whose talents and gentlemanly bearing are so generally recognised. TRAFFIC RETURNS.— The Victorian Railways traffic returns for week ending 23rd October, 1890, show the following results :— The number of miles open were 2,609, as against 2,271 for the corresponding week in 1889. Total returns for the week ending 23rd October, L57.153 15s; for corresponding period of 1889, L60,520 5s 2d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, 1890, L940,253 15s for corresponding period of 1889, L918.371 17s. Weekly average for seventeen weeks, L55,309 0s 10d; f or corresponding period of 1889, L54,021 17s 5d. MR. JAMES MACMAHON (wires our Melbourne correspondent) left by Sydney express yesterday to embark in the s.s. Alemeda for San Fran- cisco on Wednesday next for a pleasure trip through the United States. Mr. MacMahon will, however, so far combine business with the pleasant side of his journey that should he ob- serve any popular attraction likely to commend itself to an Australian audience, he will en- deavor to secure it for the Opera House. His visit is, moreover, partly the outcome of an ar- rangement to meet Mr. Edison in New York with regard to the future of the phonograph in Australia. Mr. MacMahon, who is accompanied by his brother, Mr. Joseph MacMahon, will be absent from Australia six months. TRAINS ON FIRE.— Fires of a small extent on trains are of almost daily occurrence now on the local railways, in consequence of the use of wood as fuel. One day last week two trucks arrived at the Sandhurst station with their contents blazing, but the fire was readily mas- tered. Yesterday the guard's van of the Echuca goods was found to be on fire on arrival at the Sandhurst station. Sparks from the engine had lodged on the roof and set fire to it, but the fire was extinguished before any damage was done. In the evening a long timber train, carrying firewood and sleepers, arrived from Heathcote, and the second truck from the engine was found to be on fire. A few buckets of water prevented any damage. SANDHURST BOARD OF ADVICE.— The first triennial election of seven members of this board will be held on Thursday, the 13th of November. Nominations must be lodged with Mr. Honeybone, the deputy returning officer, before 4 o'clock next Monday afternoon. SANDHURST LIEDERTAFEL.— After the usual Weekly rehearsal of the above society last night, the members were hospitably entertained by Mr. M. Macoboy, one of the society's vice- presidents. After the toast of "His Excellency the Governor " (as patron of the club) had been duly honored, Mr. A. T. Crook, on behalf of the members, presented Mr. A. Lehmann (hon. pianist), with four volumes of "Sir George Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians " from 1450 to 1889. Mr. Lehmann feelingly and suitably responded, and stated that his services were a labor of love, and had strengthened with his long connection with the society. Mr. C. Cattran (the hon. librarian), who has just returned from a visit to the "Green Lanes of Old England " received a hearty welcome back and the toast of his health was enthusiastically honored . During the evening the members sang several part songs and solos were rendered by Messrs. M. and F. Macoboy, Henderson, D. Walker and G. Bain. JOURNEYMEN BUTCHERS' ASSOCIATION.— A special meeting of the Bendigo Journeymen Butchers' Union was held at Milburn's Coffee Palace, Mitchell-street, last evening. The president (Mr. W. Campbell) was in the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. The secretary (Mr. Egan) stated that this was a special meeting, called for the double purpose of receiving a delegate from Melbourne, and also co deal with local matters. He then read a letter that he had received from Mr. Anderson, the secretary of the Victorian Journeymen Butchers' Association, Melbourne, stating that the difficulty with the master butchers in the metropolis in reference to Sun- day work had been satisfactorily settled. Yes- terday a telegram was received from Mr. Anderson, stating that he would be unable to attend that night owing to sudden illness, but if possible he would be present at their next ordinary meeting. With regard to the employe at Mr. Sprenger's shop who had allowed himself to become unfinancial, the officers of the associa- tion had waited on that gentleman, and he had promised that no one should remain in his ser- vice who was not a member of the association. The secretary's report was received and adopted. Mr. Egan stated that another question they had to discuss was that of non-union employes. A member moved that the matter be held over until the association became affiliated with the Victorian Union. The motion was seconded, aud without discussion agreed to. The meeting then adjourned. WILD DOGS AND FOXES.— The Minister of Lands learns (says the "Telegraph") that dur- ing the year ended 30th June, 1,021 wild dogs were destroyed, and 495 foxes. The shires troubled with rabbits object to the destruction of the foxes on the ground that the fox is the natural enemy of the rabbit, but other districts are crying out for more energetic measures against the foxes. EXTENSION OF THE TELEPHONE SYSTEM — It is stated by the "Geelong Advertiser" that the telephone line between Melbourne and Ballarat will be shortly completed, and there is every possibility that in less than a month the busi- ness people of the goldfields' city will be in the enjoyment of the same privilege as that pos- sessed by the Geelong people, that of being able, at any hour of the day, or night for that matter, to ring up an acquaintance in the city, and hold a private conversation over some 50 miles of intervening country. RENEWAL OF ELECTORS' RIGHTS.— The "Go- vernment Gazette" contains an important announcement in reference to electors' rights and their triennial renewal. It states that holders of electors' rights issued on or before the 1st December, 1889, must obtain renewed rights in order to have their names placed upon the general lists to be made up on the 1st December next. If this precaution be neglected the electors' names will be omitted from the new lists. The old right must in every case be delivered to the registrar, but the renewed right will be equally available for any election that may take place before the coming into force of the new rolls. Intending applicants are cautioned to apply early to the registrars. SALE OF PROPERTY. — On Saturday Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. conducted a sale of freehold properties in the estate of the late Mr. William Knight. Five cottages were offered, but only one, situated at the intersection of Shamrock and High streets, was sold. The purchaser was Mrs. James Hosking at £130. The other properties were passed in for private sale. WHITE HILLS CEMETERY.— A meeting of the trustees was held in the Town Hall yesterday at 3 o'clock, Messrs. Crowley, Budden and Hayes being present. Mr. Hayes was voted to the chair. A letter from the Law department re the removal of the body of Mau Hee Houy from the cemetery, for conveyance to China, was read and the secretary instructed to make the necessary inquiries, and if no valid objection existed, to intimate that the trustees had no objection. An application from Mrs. M. O'Brien for compensation for a house on the cemetery reserve, was deferred until the trustees visit the cemetery on Monday fortnight at 3 o'clock. RAILWAY TENDERS.— The Railway depart- ment have dealt with the following tenders:— Erection of goods shed and platform, and fuel platform at Redesdale station, on the Redesdale line — Bulte and Co., L373 17s 4d (15 tenders). Erection of sheep and cattle yards at Pyalong station — J. Parker, L207 19s 2d (5 tenders). THE WATER WATSON SUSTENTATION FUND.— By ad- vertisement Mr. P. Phillips, the secretary of the Bendigo Miners' Association, desires to acknowledge the receipt of L25 from Mr. Denis Dwyer, per favor of the Bendigo Advertiser, in aid of the Watson Sustentation Fund. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.— Charlotte Grain- ger, aged 42, admitted on 17th September, died yesterday from phthisis. POLICE NEWS. — At the Rochester Police Court yesterday morning (writes our córrespon- dent), before Messrs. Spence and P. Doherty, Js.P., Mounted-constable Walker presented John Kilgour before the bench, charged with indecent exposure. The offender was severely reprimanded, and was sentenced to 7 days' im- prisonment. The same officer charged John Maloney, an old offender, with stealing clothes, " sticking up" drinks at hotels, and loafing generally. The hat he wore was identified as stolen. The constable gave prisoner a very bad character, and referred the bench to the "Police Gazette " of 1889. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment on a charge of vagrancy. FIRES AT NEWCASTLE,— A fire occurred at Mr. J. C. Ellis' sawmills, Newcastle, early on Sunday morning (wires the Sydney correspon- dent of the "Argus"), and property to the value of £7,000 was destroyed. On Saturday after- noon another fire occurred in the same township when 10 unoccupied brick houses were com- pletely burnt out. Some consider that the fires were the work of incendiary, while others are inclined to the belief that they were accidental. FIRES CAUSED BY RAILWAY ENGINES.— The destruction which is being caused on the rail- way lines by the burning of timber for locomo- tive purposes is (says the "Age") becoming alarming. Claims are being rendered almost daily for damages sustained by fire caused by burning embers falling from the engine funnels. The spark catchers at present in use seem to be unable to prevent the distribution of these messengers of incendiarism. The latest claim sent in has been for the destruction by fire of three trucks of hay at the lower level siding at Spencer-street station, said to be caused by a passing engine. The fire brigades had no sooner suppressed this conflagration than another fire, imputed to the same cause, broke out amongst some firewood stored under the hill. No action will be taken to pay these claims until the conclusion of the strike and the end of the coal famine. The Railway Commissioners hold that, as by extra ordinary pressure of circumstances, they are obliged to run trains by burning wood, to meet the convenience of the public, they ought not to be made to suffer the whole loss of making good damages thereby created. At a certain date, yet to be fixed, they contemplate dealing with all applications for compensation together and will probably offer to pay half the damage on the understanding that the claimant shall sustain the other half. THE DESTRUCTION OF LOCUSTS.— With a view to making an experiment (wires the Swan Hill correspondent of the "Age") as to the best means to adopt to cope with the threatened locust plague, Mr. French, Government entomo- logist, accompanied by Mr. Knight, fruit expert, paid a visit to Swan Hill, and on Satur- day made a trial with rough bush harrows. The harrows were constructed with 4 by 3 inch frame, interwoven with mallee bushes, and were dragged with a horse over the patches of ground where the locusts swarm. Several of the townspeople were present, and were decided, in the opinion.that the harrows were a most effective means of destruction. FATAL ACCIDENT TO TWO BOYS.— Two boys, named Thomas Anderson and Henry Benham, were playing on the Eveleigh station on Satur- day afternoon (wires the Sydney, correspondent of "Argus"), and while wrestling they fell off the platform ón to the permanent way just as the through mail train to Kiama was passing. Ben- ham was killed almost instantaneously, but Anderson, though badly injured, lingered on until two o'clock on Sunday moruing, when he died. A TRUE DELIVERY.— A "Men of Mark" book agent, travelling through an agricultural district near Mudgee (narrates the "Hay Stan- dard"), accosted a farmer, who was ploughing, when the following dialogue took place :— B. A : Good day friend, can you direct me to Mudgee ? F. : Yes, sir, take the right road and you can't go astray. B. A.: Many thanks. What kind of work are you doing ? F. : Ploughing. B. A. : Ploughing ; well I never saw it done be- fore; is it easy ? F. : Yes, sir, quite easy. Just take the handles of the plough, the horses are quiet, and see if you can't manage a furrow. B A. : Thanks, I will, just for the novelty of the thing; would you mind holding this parcel for me till I return ? F. : Oh, yes, cer- tainly I will. When the book agent reached the other end of the paddock he shouted out — " Oh, it is easy enough. Take care of that parcel, those are the books you ordered long ago. I have delivered them safely into your hands. Good day !" Tableau. The prizes for the Grammar School sports on Wednesday, at the Show Grounds, are on view in Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson's window. Pall Mall, and make a very valuable display. They were mostly obtained from Mr. Moody's shop in Charing Cross, together with others donated by friends. A grand concert will take place in the Odd- fellow's Hall, Long Gully, to- morrow evening, in aid of St. Matthew's Church building fund. A public meeting to elect three members of the committee of management of the Kangaroo Flat Recreation Reserve will be held at Gunn's Hotel on Thursday evening. The winning numbers in the art union in con- nection with the Vew Point stall at the All Nations' Fair, appear in another column. Exhibitors at the annual cattle show of the Kyneton Agricultural Association are reminded that the general entries close at six o'clock on Thursday evening. Late entries will be received on payment of double fees until 6 p.m. on Thurs- day, the 6th of November. Messrs Buscombe, Moore and Co. advertise a sale of valuable grazing and agricultural land at Bagshot, on behalf of the trustees in the estate of the late J. P. Conn, at the Victoria Hotel on Thursday afternoon at two o'clock. 