GENERAL -NEWS. " Customs Eisvenub. — The revenue collected at this port for tho wook ending on Satur-' day amounted to JJ1G47 2a Gd. Particulars appear in our commercial column. Hack A a aim. — Mr. Gerald Moran has re- turned from a two months stay in Glad stone, where he relieved the local Customs representatives ; and resumes his dutioB as yhipi'iug Mastor this morning. The Potter of Texas. — As will bo seon from our advertisements Pollard's '"Potter of Texas " Company opon in tho Theatre Itoynl on Thursday evening for a short season of four nights. Kesionation — In consequence of certain departmental matters tho Town Clerk of North Iiockhanipton (Mr. J. Cokor), has tendered his resignation to tho Mayor. The letter will be considered at tho next moeting of tho Council. Off to China. — The s.s. Vlissingen loft tho wharf at 2 p.m. yesterday, having on board ill Chinauicu who havo hooked pas sages to Uorigkong by tho s.s. Guthrie, which should havo left the .Bay at G o'clock lust evening. The passengers from this port did not provide themselves with return per mits. The Weather. —Bain fell at Banana dnriug tlio night of Sunday to the extant of 0-400; this is tbo only rainfall that has boea rccordod in the district sinco Friday. The maximum aud minimum of temperature, as telegraphed -at 9 a.m. yesterday wero as follows: — Brisbane, 75, 54; Emerald, 82, 46 ; Alice, 83, 47 ; Bustard Head, 71 , GO ; Mackay, 77, 55 ; and at Eookhampton, 82, 58. Police Court. — Mr. W. Broome was tho presiding Justice at tho Police Court yester day morning. Annie I'l-asor and Michael Connors were charged with drunkenness ; both offenders had been convicted on a jirevious occasion. Each was fined .£2 with tho alternative of 7 days' imprisonment. This was all the business. Natural History Society. — The monthly, lueetiug of tho Natural Histiay Society was held ia tho School of Arts last night. There was afairntlcndunceof members. The chief business of tho meeting was a paper rend by Mr. James Smith upon some interesting objects in natural history. Tkore was a discussion un t he paper, in which great praise wits accorded to Mr. Smith for his address. Separation Deputation. — The deputation from the Executive Committeo of the C.Q.T.S.L., which mission has already been announced in tho Arsrus, leaves by this (Tuesday) morning's train for tho West, proceeding first to Barcaldiuo, where Ihey will hold a meeting or meetings, and then visiting tho various towns and centres of population therein in tho interest of. the movement. < Tho names of the delegates are Messrs. G. f?. Curtis, J. C. Browne, H. Fiddes, S. Williams, S. W. Hartley, and John Murray, M.L.A. C.Q.T.S. League. — An influential deputa tion, consisting of His Worship the Mayor, tho chairman and othor members of the Executive Committee, nnd gentlemen con nected, with tho Separation League, waited yesterday upon Mr.- A. Archer, M.L A„ to ascertain whether he would when requested proceed to England to furthor t lie interests of tlio Separation movement. Mr. Arehor, in reply, stated he would bo ino3t happy to do so, provided no obstaolo came in tho way., Tho deputation also informed Mr. Archer thoy had reason to beliovo that the presi dent of the League, Mr. John Ferguson, would accompany him. -Queensland Farmers' and. Graziers' Alliance. — At a meeting of gentlomon in terested in agriculture, held at tho recent annual exhibition of thu National Industrial Association of Queensland in Brisbano, on August 21 last, it was felt that some move ment should bo made amongst agricul turalists nnd pastoralistB towards improving their condition throughout tho colony. A Provisional Committee was appointed to for mulate tho platform of an association under tho title cf the " Queensland Farmers' and Graziers' Alliance." Jn fulfilling tho duty givon to them, tho committee have avoided sectional, sectarian, and political differences, and havo endeavored to inoludo thoso matters which appear most to demand tho attontion of all who havo' at henit the farming in terests of Queensland. tiaiiok Incident. — An incidont occurred near tlio bamboos on tho Quay yesterday iu connection with striko matters. Thrco non- unionists, after boiug in Iho camp of tbo enemy— occupying the Corporation soats at the Bpot alluded to — proceeded down tho stops towards tho A.U.S.N. wharf, when some missiles were thrown at them, n stone iuljicliugn gash on tho arm of ono of tho m n. From what can ho learned, it apivjars that souio months ago oue nny party made tho usual deposit V>|"i(»7i'ia- ' tion fee of ton shillings for admission, but after waiting for some timo he procured workout West. Subsequently, ha returned to ltoukhampton, and some timo after his money was returned to him. Ho prooured work during tho present striko as a non-unionist, nnd yesterday was in com pany with the man who was struck. Ho was invited to join the waterside uniou, but de clined, pointing out that bis application lmd been ri fused with scant courtesy. Tho non- unionist is a married man v.ith a family., and yesterday showed hie " independence of unionism. Professor Anderson. — Professor .Andsr- son last night concluded his ft >ek ham pbon soason at tho 'l'hontro Royal before a gold nudiouco. Footdall, — Tho second in it ih |J>otiv .-on tho Civil Sorvice and tho. Banks, : for tho Shiolda'Cup, which had been avr.iugod for to-morrow (Wednesday), has beou postponod forawook. Good Tehi>lars on tub Orlando. — It may: nob bogouorally known that there Ib a Good Templars' Lodge on board tho flagship Orlando.wirich jlas ft good number of names on its rugm: membership. Aquatiu' Carnival. — A meeting of.\ tho Regatta Committee, which was to havo been held at Triukott's Hotel lost night, lapsed for want of a quorum, only MesBrs. Litithwaite, "M'Clelland, Drake, and Tompion being present. Wesley an Concert — In oouneotion with tho aunivorsary services at the Wo3leyau Church a 'tea moetiug, to bo 'followed by a conoort, will take. place in thoohnrohthis evening. A ohoico- programme of sncrod songs and soioctions luu : been arranged, which will bo intorprotod by tho ladies and gontloiuen of tho choir of tho church. Tub Circuit Court, — Tho Chief Justice, Solicitor-Goneral, Crown Solicitors, and other lognl officials loft Brisbane on Friday aftoruoon to attend tho Maryborough. Bun- daborg, and Boekhamptou Circuit Courts. In consequence of tho striko, aud. tho. 'un certainty of tho sailiug of stoivihersl this Lucinda has been placed at tho disposal of the party. \ Professor Andkrson. — A . fair . audience assembled iu tho Theatre Royal last night to witness another of Professor Anderson's clevor ontertaiumonts. Tho usual pro gramme was repealed evoking, as before, fre quent expressions of approval from the house —viz , Pluto's mysterious bottle,- tho marvellous cards, tho wonderful (lowers, 'the marvellous hat, tho mesmeric poo-poo, tablo- turning, and tho, cabinet trick. To-night will be tho Professor's second last appear ance for the present in Rookhampton, Wednesday evouing being the closing night of the season. Queensland Meat Export Co. — Wo learn frouvtho secretary of tho Queensland jMo.it Export and Agoncy Company, Limited (Mr. Claude Musson), that about 70,000 shares have been upplied for up to the present. Arrangements have been mado for tho hold ing of mootings in various towns, including Baroaldine, Muttaburra, Warwick, and St. Qoorgo. The prospects of tho company aro considered brilliant, but in consequence of tho strike and the suooceding interruption to mail communication, a number of applications that are known bo have been lodged hnve uot yet come to hand, It was decided at. tho meeting of shareholders held last woulc that tho company would be declared floated as soon as 80,000 shares had been applied for. Jim Williamson Again. — Hot long ago two American women journalists had a race round the world in the interests of "copy," and tho journoy took about 70 days. Now, it is stated (says a |Stockport paper) Mr. Marcus Mayer, the well- known American thoatrioal and operatic agent, has accepted a bot that ho will go almost half-way round the world' in 15 days. He has bet with Mr. Williamson, an Australian theatrical mana ger, that he will go from San Francisco to Paris in that time. Mr. Mayer is to reach Paris on July 24, and is to report himself at tho Cafe jAnglais between 5 aud half-past. There ho is to entertain 24 persons prominent in the dr.imatio world, and tho feasting is to bo continued on 24 nights, with the siimo number of ghosts. Should Mr, Williamson lose the'bet ho will be required to pay nearly <83000, at <81 per head, for the guests on tho successive days. The Thursday Island Passage. — Tho Australasian, one of tho Aberdeen lino of steamships, was . recently piloted from Sydney to Thursday Island, through the inner route, by a coast pilot licensed by the Queensland Marino Board. Captain A. Simpson presented tho pilot with a certifi cate, in which he says : — "To any shipmaster who hn3 any doubt of adopting this routo, . on account of Its many daugors, I can ouly say that he should not hesitate ono momcut, cspeciallsyjf-he .can get a careful navigator like youMpf to guide him nlong." Tho dooumenVis interesting at the present time wheu so much doubt exists as to the safety of the route in question, nud when it iA stated that tho Australasian, which is a vessel of 3030 tons burden, had a cargo of '4800 tons, and was drawing 2Gft full, some 3ft more than the draught of the heaviest laden steamer of. tho B. I.S.N. Company. The only s teenier with a heavier draught than the Australasian which has made the passage has been H.M.S. Nelson. Tub Catapult Nuisance. — A few days back we referred deprecatorily to tho prac- tioe of stoue throwing with catapults, which tho youngsters of Rockliampton are allowed to indulge in uncurliod. On Saturday an incident occurred which aptly illustrates the danger that attends this pastime. Mr. J, W. Face was passing up and down the back verandah of his residence at North Bock- hampton. being immediately behind a p:r- ambulator in which his nine inou'hs' old boy was being wheelei. All of a 'sudden a leaden bullet whizzed pnsscd the baby's face nud ended its course on tho wall of the house with sufficient force to indent the weather board. Now, that bnllet— a round one, of lead— was thrown with a catapult by some -boy, who with others, was playing at stone- throwing ou thoopposito side of tho verandah ; had it struck the baby, sorious h.irm, and \- probably death, must have resulted, as it is a heavy one, its surface being quito flattened by the concussion. Tho polieo should take steps to prosecute thoso who indulge in thiB dangerous practice of stone-throwing. Insolvency. — In the Supreme Court, Insolvency Jurisdiction, before Sir Charles Lilloy, C.I., tho last examination of Ernest Bayliss, an insolvent, was adjourned until the 8th instant, iu order that it might lie hold before Mr. Justice Ileal, who had heard the other portions of the case. '1'. C. Selby and WG. Harbrottlc were granted certificates of discharge, the trustees not opposing the application iu either case. Iu the matter of G. M'L. Bigoe- Williams, an insolvent, an order was mado that J. Linnott pay to the trustee <8150 which was coming to the insolvont. In the matter of John Callaghan, nn insolvent, Mr. Feez (instructed by Mossrs. Hart and Flower) appe irod for Mr. P. Perkins, M.L. A., a creditor in the estate, and Mr. E M. Lilley (instructed by Mossrs. Lllley and O Sullivan) fippofircd fop tiuo insolvont. John Callaghan, in examination, stated that he had previously been insolvent in 1887 — his liabilities then being about <8200,000. Ho did not know what his estate then realised, or that tho creditors got less than Id in the pound. He was now a olerk to B. Cribb at a salary of <8500 a yoar. HiB sole assets woro his furniture, which oost <8200 or <8250, His seat in the Stock Exchange, which cost him, he thought, <810, was hold by B. Cribb. The examination of the witnoss had not con cluded. wtoa- Mio court rose until the follow ing day. rfPjf. ' Who is He?— Sonior-Coustablo Henderson- found nn elderly man, whogavo his naiuo a a Hoary White, wandering about Lytton im Mo.id ly, carrying two pnrcols, says the Courier. On entering into conversation with the. man ho found that ho could give no account of hituBclf, and appeared to lie wrong in the Itond. Tho sonior-ccnstablo brought him to fho .Son th Brisbane look up, whore ho was examined yesterday morr.ing by Dr. Tilsbon, who ordered bis removal to ..tho Reception House. Seuior-Boi-goaiij .Loyp,, of South Brisbane, who was formerly siatiouod at Rookhampton, states that h - knew White in Rookhampton, and that he was thou tlio proprietor of an olcctrio b ttory. White himself states that ho . formerly had i an olootrio battery at a shop in- Roma-strpot. Beyond that he could remember nothing, ; The . Administrator ' ov New 'Guinea.— Sir William Mucgrogor, the Administrator of New Guinea, ; returned to . Brisbaue on Monday Inst by tho steam yaohb -'Memo Euglautl. lie was accompanied by tho Rnv. A. A. Mnclarou, who was acting',' as 'his private secretary, and by Lady Matigrogor, who met him upon his arrival- at' Gooktown. It is gratifying to learn thin, Sir William has to some extent recovered- from hie attack of New Guinea fever since his return to more temporato. latitudes ; but ho 18 not yot free from it, and lias suffered soveral rather sharp bouts of the affection since loaviug the Now Guinea coast. Wo are requested to stato that 'Mr. H.-. S. .Button, of-the -Chief Seorotary's offieo, wilj act as privato secre tary to Sir William Mao'grogor during tho hitter's- stay-in Brisbane. ' . A Sad End to a " Goak 1 "—Particulars are to hand, says a Loudon paper, of the Intncutablo termination of a practical joke that was to be perpetrated at the expense of' Mr. J. L. Toolo. A - wealthy Melbourne citizen, wishing to givo Toolo aud his com- pnny souio idea of bush sconury, organised a picnic in their honor among the Dander nong Ruig03. A couple of low comedians thought they would improvo the occasion, and talco a "riso '' out of Johnny, knowing his penchant for practical jokes. 'Accordingly, they left town the night before, and next morning "made up" as Australian klnck- fellows. Tho conspiracy was that they should bo introduced to Toole lis genuine aborigines, tho sole survivors of thoir race in that ncighborhoid. Bub, as ill-luck would have it, raiu oamo down iu torrouts that day in -Molbouroo, and it was decided to post pone tho picnic. 'The two jokorp, unaware of the postponement, jawaitod in thoir war? paint tho arrival of Toolo ; but, lo 1 instead, who should appear on the scone ;but a mounted trooper ! Explanations wore un-. availing j tho pair of blackened coinodians were marched off to the nearest lockup, and formally charged with " insulting bo- haviour." Victorian Municipal Council Bill.— The Victorian Government is (says the Mel-: bourne Argues) about to introduce a bill in- tho Legislative Assembly empowering must- . e.ipal counoils to drain largo areas of lo w - lying ground Liclougiug to private persons within their territories on condition that tho majority of tho owners of the land petition, tlic council to do so, nud bind thomsolves to pay any rate that may be necessary iu order.- to pay tho interest on tho money borrowed to carry out the work, and to establish a sink-: ing fund for tlis redemption of the loan after a certain number of years to bo decided on. 'The councils, instead of offering-to tho ilobeaturc-kolders as socurity the right to levy an assessment on tho whole of the municipality, as they would now havo to do it they borrowed money, will ouly givo ns security tho right to collect rates on that particular portion of tho district on which tho moucy for drainage works was oxpoaded, and which specially benefitted by the outlay.; The councils would also be empowered' to carry out tho work, and to specially assess ' qll tho property within the aroa drained, it: the majority of the owners petition thorn to . do the work, so us to prevent a singlo individual, or a small minority of the owners, staudiug in tho way of having tho work per formed. Cable Subsidies. — Mr. Goschen (says the Pall Mall Gazette) has refused to join with the Australian colonies in guaranteeing tho cab'o companies against loss on account of the proposed considerable' reduction in thoir tariff. His decision is to bo regretted on Imperial and non -political grounds. His letter of refusal to the colonial Agents- Genoral reads plausibly onongli, but it will uot stand the lest of analy.-is. Ho declines to "contribute to tho maintenance of a monopoly which, if lot't to tho normal in- fliumcos of competition, might very shortly be broken down." Possibly ! But in n matter of- world-wide importance to tho English-speaking race like this, is it prudent or statesmanlike to throw away an immense and substantial present advantage for tho sake of a probleiuatie.il future one? AVo all wish well to tho now company that contem plates the laying down _ of nn altcrnat-ivo cable across the Pacific from British Columbia to Sydney : but tho practicability of that difficult route, aud the possibility of main taining it iu efficient working order, aro highly debatable points. Besides, tho guarantees under Sir John Pender's so'heme would uot be porpetunl, but only for n term of years. The Australian Governments may still patriotically combine to bear the whole of tho gnnrnuteo ; but we doubt it in tho face of tho unsympathetic attitude nssumed by the authorities on this sido, who have just as much, and oven more, to gain by the pro posed reduction from 0s to 4s per word. The Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. — A balance-sheet and oomplote statement of accounts in connection with the Centennial Exhibition, Melbourne, shows (says the Mel bourne Age) that the total cost to tho Govern ment of this ill-managed enterprise has been the astounding bum of £241,000. It will be remembered that, whoa tho iicoject was launched groat oxpeetatious were entortained' pf the extraordinary rosulta likely to accrue to the colouy from tho holding of the exhibi tion, and Mr. Deakin, i,i asking Parliament to sanation the expenditure likely to bo in curred, submitted an estimate of the pro bable cost. He announced that at the utmost not more than <825,000 would bo required to bo voted to cover the whole cost of the Exhibition. How wofully and deplorably inaconratc this estimate proved to be will bo seen by glancing through the abstract of tho balance- sheet sot forth in this article. But, apart from the serious mistake made iu absurdly underestimating the cost of the Exhibition, to this error is traceable ono of the principal causes of the disastrous failure which the Exhibition undoubtedly proved to ho. When it was proclaimed to tlio world at large that only <825,000 would be" expended by the Government upon the Exhibition, foreign manufacturers were impressed with the idea the affair would mcroly be one of local signifi cance, and declined, therefore, to havo any thing to do with it. All tho attempts mado subsequently to explain away this iuitial blunder provod ineffectual, and catno too lato in fact to disabuse the publio mind. Among tho many other causes which contributed to this colossal failure wsro tho lavish expendi ture upon acres of annexes, the absenco of real amusements of a popular charaetur, and tho extravagant outlay upon the oroho tra. Mr. N. Peck — ' Alexandra Damns says that ' anything useless is dangerous.' What do you think of that, my dear f " Mrs. N. Peck: "I think ho was an old fool, who There is nothing dangerous about yon, is thoro ?" Spectacles, opera and field glassos, poblilo Bpoataelos, all sights; spectacles in gold, silvo-and steel frames. All kinds of. 1 jewollory, medals, trophies, &j.; made to. order. Crest3, mottos; and monograms cut' in gold, silver, and stone. Noto the addros , AV. G. J. Edgar, East-street, RojkUampton. 