O'ER THE WIDE WASTE OF THE WATERS BLUE. "FAIR ERIN'S ISLE." "THE VALES AND GLENS OF WICKLOW." By Cr. McMahon. THE line from Westland Row to Bray skirts Dublin Bay the entire distance. On the other side is Howth, occupying a bold and pro minent position, forming the nortbh:astern terminus of the Bay of Dublin. At Booters town the fields on the right were reclaimed from the sea and the district" takes it name from a long past day, one authority holding that it was originally called Freebooterstown. After passing Salt Hill with its beautiful gardens, we reach Kingstown, formerly known as Dnleary. Its mngnificentharbor has an area of 250 acres enclosed by immense piers, the construction of which took over twenty years. From the end of one pier round the harbour to the end of the other is a distance of 3 miles, the width of the mouth of the harbour760lt. Afterleaving Killiney railway tunnel we see Dalkey Island. The channel running between the island and the mainland is about nine hundred yards long and 300 wide. In former years a comical kingdom was established and upheld with oenhi erable pomp on Dalkey Island... HBi Majesty the Kin reigned fore. year. The 'jully.monaroh Ohl ann attendant Prime Minis-, ti,' Archlibshipe Admiril; Genieral had other officeri; he was drowned, anointed' with _whiskey, and the Archbishop 'preached the coronation .service a general jollification, which lasted. several days ooncluding the ceremonials. The regal title was "His Facetious Majesty, King of Dalkey. Em peror of Muglins, Defenderof his own Faith, respecter of all others, and Sovereign of the llustrious Order of the Periwinkles." The proceedings of the court were regularly cehroniled in n official "Dalkey Gazette." Thelast monarch, Stephen I, was one Armi tage, a bookseller, y and twenty thousand persons were present at his coronation in Augoust, 1797. Tommy Moore, then a lively lad, attended the meeting, and when after wards questioned by the Chief Secretary as to the nature of the proceedings, returned o rme very.mystifying annswers. "What is the revenue of the kingdosms" asked the official. "Thirty thousand," replied Tommy. "Thirty thousand what? " gasped the astonished enquirer. "Barrels of salt water," responded Tommy, and he wan questioned no more. Killiney Hill forms a division hetween the Bay of Dublin and the Bay of Killiney and Bray. From the sum mit of these hills a beautiful view of Dublin Bay and the surrounding country can be obtained. Ballybramek the "Speckled Town." on the slope of the most westerly of the Killiney Bills, has a southerly aspect; it faces a fine prospect in the direction of Bray. The Bray Esplanade, extending from the mouth of the Bray river for the distance of a mile to the foot of Bray Head, southward, is a magnifient structure of its kind; it is after the style of a terrace, with a long range of seats, capable of accommodating some thousands o persons. In some parts it is more than 100ft. in width. It was reclaimed from the wild shingly shore at the cost of Mr. Dorgan, to whom a statue has since been erected in Dublin. From Bray we make a start for the picturesque scenery of the Wicklow mountains on a jaunting car, the owner of which is quite an original character. The following is an exact copy of his card, which he presented to us: MICHAEL. AoeLOe Benise, (By Special Appointment), le Courier of Her Majesty's Mails, (Males and Females), From Rathnen to all parts of the beautiful County .Wicklow. Wedding Parties conducted to Bed dr(St. SKevin's), or driven to the Devil ('s glen). Ladies preferring to take the oVeil (Vale of Avocae can do s with safety under the care ful driving of the above, who is descended from the "Original Irish Drivers," his ancestors having had the honor'of.driring the Danes into the sea at the battle of Clontarf.. Strict Sobriety, Extraordinary Civility and Exceptional Punctuality. This man has evidently kissed the Blarney stone, for by his persuasive eloquence we take his jaunting car-for a three days' tour through \Wieklow, and well and faithfully does he perform. his part of the contract, driving us, on an average, each day 35 miles at a moderate cost. By this means we are able to see the beautiful glens, downs, ewater falls and mounts of Wicklow. Ascending the hill on the Dublin-road, we reach the level causeway of "The Valley 0f Diamonds," the waters of the Bray river sparkling and flashing in the sun like "diamonds of the purest water." The valley is broadest here, and its Ieauty opens around us as we drive towards the Dargle, which lies two mile and a half in this direction from Bray. The Glen of the Dargie. variously translated "The Dark Glen" aud "The Glen of Oaks." is a long glen of:great beauty through which the' Dgle flows. On every side we are enclosed in the deepet shade. and the quiet stillness of the upper parts of the glen con trasts well with thie dark snhisg waters below. We walk throeuh Powerscourt Wood, past the "Lovers' Leap." It is a huge rock projecting far from the glen's side, and overlooking the still and solemn depths of the ravine beneath. There isa suspension bridge supportiog the pipes conveying the Vartry water from the REoudwood reservoir to Dublin. Further on is a rustic seat and view rok, where we rest for a while, and thronug an opening in the tangled branches Icok at the prospect before nous. Far below the waters are heard and seen, now tomb. ling over the dark, mossy stones in the quiet pools whllere the silver trout lie hid, or rush ing along down a rocky steep, bright and glistening in the sunlight. The glen opens intoa quiet, peeeful valley, in whose bosom a oli opse of Powerscoart House is caught, and beneath. in the shade of the trees, where the river winds broad- and shallow, is Tinna hlinch, once the teat of Henry Geattan. We regain the high roul, where our car is wain in. Paesing through the turnstile, we hear. the' sund o? music, and, seated in a little buox ear, drawn bya ddnkey, i? ' Old Tom,". the musician of thelDargle, made famous by Ohe description written of him'by Canon Wilberforce. Vhile yet a boy he lost the use of his legs, and for 25 years, every day in succession, Tom was at his post by the turnstile. A man of splendid physique; with a broad and handsome countenance, yet haviug to bu lifted, night and morniag, to this little conveyance. He speaks Irish fluently, and tells capital stories of his recollections of ithe nobility from all quarters of the globe. Tom is reparted in the "lnagazine of Music" as thus concluding a oonveruqtion~witl the celebrated Blaokie, who Tinted at whiskey during the interriew : the fiddler replied, "No, sir; I don't hold by the sentiment ; I au a teetotaller, although called 'Old Tom.' Peer and peasant alike are kind to me. It ams Lord Powerscourt .who gave me this cart, nndt his chiltreu the donkey. I lare a number of kind friends in England and' Scntlaud, too, and when you go back, tell them that if they come over to the Dargls they won't fnd men with blhnder basses lying in wait for them behind a hedge as used to be commonly reported of Lrnlaten but all tlec same not true. - Sir. that cock won't fight any more. end if they came to have a chat with 'Old Tom' they ar wecl come." After hearing him play some Irish reels, we obtain' a copy of lhio mtsice6ead proceed to Poversecqgrt Waterfall through thl d.er par.. ' Cur road is shadgl by giganttc' ojd' niks for a mile, and pas&se; throogh g hollow of the Dionum mosntain, whoise grand summit we lose as we drive over the messy sward of the Horseshoe Ravine. Into this the Powerscourt SVtaer. fall glides down an irrepular wall of rock. l'he water falls from crag to crag down an alm,,et perpendicular reek for 300ft., and tumbles into a dark abyss of watet blaek from the penty soil of its mountain eorr.? The waterfall is very beautiful, and is a greet attraction for picnic parties, some of whom were lencamped around. Leaving Powerscourt, we drive through Enniskerry,. a bright, clean village, with an enclosure of trees, a clock tower, and afonntain in it. centre. Its river divides the Wicklow and Dublin counties. Our road from here lies through the rocky valley, a wild, rogged spot, and op Long Hill, and over the base of the Sugar-loaf, through a cold, bleak, boggy country, and on to Roundwood, past the great Vartry Water-works. which supply Daublin with good water. Its chief feature is a great embankment 1600ft long, 400ft. wide at the base and 30ft. at the top. The public road passes along this embankment. The water is 75fo. deep, and the reservoir is estimated to holda200days'snpplyforDublin and suburbs. Its construction is de to Sir John Grey, who was knighted for this great work; he is a brother to our own Wilson Grey of Land Reform renown. Roundwood is celebrated for its great sheep fairs, and we are fortunate enough to pass through as one is being held. Leaving Roundwood, we drive along a road lined on either side with immense boulders. A turn of the road brings us to Derraloseary, with aun old mill inithe valley, through whose wheel Lawrence Sterne is said to have fallen, and narrowly escaped with his life. This was, happily for no, prolonged, for to Lawrence Sterne we are indebted for the "Sentimental Journey." "The dead ass," and "The story of Lefevre." We reach Glendalough, or the valley of the seven churches, and camp at Mr. Richard. so's,eon.-the. very. edge ofL the. lake,,iand while waiting for tea go for a rw In order to reach the celebrated St. 'Kevin's.bed. The scenery is most romantic and wild; the mountains rise perpendicularly from the shores, so that the waters are seldom lightened by the sun's rays, and have, in consequence, a gloomy and dark, though very beautiful, appearance. On either side the lake is hemmed in by high mountains, and as evening closes they send a solemn weird enchantment to the scene. On no other occasion have I experienced a like sensation ; a feeling of dread steals over one whilst looking into the dark murky waters beneath. Here, at the foot of the mountain it is 70ft. deep, and still inky black. We land for the purpose of visiting St. Kevin's Bed, immortalized in song by Tom Moore. The Bed is situate in a beetling rock, and hewn out of the solid stone, 7ft.6in.long, 4ft. wide, 4ft. high, and about Soft. above the water. To approach this is a matter of great difficulty, but our guides lift and pull us up to the first landing which lay be described as an angle piece taken bodily out of the rock, with a huge chair cunt in it. Here the saint was wont to read and commune with himself.. Ten or twelve paces along this dangerous ledge, and we are in turn induced to lower ourselves into the bed by the aid of the guides ; should one of them relax their hoal of the rock, nothing can save one from falling into the lake beneath. The well known legend tells how the saint, who fled from the attractions of the lovely Kathleen, started one morning from a dream in which the fair one seemed to stand between him and the gate of Heaven, and beheld Kath leen hanging over him. " Ferless she had traked his fect To this roky, wild retreat ; And, when morning net his view, Her nild glances met it too. 'Ah I Your saints have creel hearts ' Sternly trm his bed he starts. And with rude, impulsirve shock, Hurls her roam the beetling rock. Olndalough I thy gloomy wave Soon wys gentle aOthleten's grave Soon the saint (yet, ia, too late !) Felt her love and mourned her Lte. Wh hnhe sald"Heiaen resther soul I" Round the sle light music stole; And her ghost eas een to glide, Smilng, o er the natal tide." Sir Walter Scott, Lady Morgan, Maria Edgeworth, Crofton Croker, the Prince of Wiles, the Princess Lpise nd the Maorquin of Lorne, all in turn have lain in the hermit's be. Hllere, on a little bit of level ground, is istuate one of the tiniest and most beautiful little churches imaginable, so aptly des cribed by Thackeray in his sketch book. He rays: "I don't know if there is any tune about Glendalough, but if there be, it must he the most delicate, fantastic, fairy melody that ever was played. Oly fancy can describe the charms of that delightful place. Directlyyou seeit it smiles at you as innocently and friendly as a little chaild, and once seen it becomes your friend for ever, and you are always happy when you think of it. Here isa little lake, and little fords across it, surrounded by little mount ains, and which lead you now to little islands where there are all sorts of fantastic little old chapels and graveyards, or again into little crakes and shrubberies, where small rivers are croassing over little rocks. plashing, and jumping and singing as load as ever they can. Thonmas Moore has written rather an awful description of it, and it indeed appeared big to him and to the fairies who must hlave inhabited the place in old days-that's clear ; for who could be accommodated in it except the little people. There are seven churches, whereof the clergy most have been the smallest persons, ani have had the smallest beneficiea and the littlest congregations ever known. As for the eatelo ral, what a bishop. let it mer t have been that resided there I The place would hardly hold the Bishop of London, or Mr. Sydney Smith; two full sized clergymen of these days would be sure to quarrel there for want of room-or for any other reason. There most have been a dean no bigger than Mr. Moore, before-men tioned, and a chanter no bieger than the chapter in Tristram Shandy, which does not contain a single word, and mere popguns of canons, ant a beadle about as tall as Crofton Croker to whip theb little boys who were playing at tan (wlith peas) in the yard. They say there was a university, too, in the place, with I don't know how many thousand scholars, but for accons's of this there is an excellent guide on th, slat, who, for a shilling or two, will tell you all he knows, and a great deal more, too." Facing St. Kevin's bed, on the oppositeside of the lake, the mountain belongs ti the Mining Co., who have planted the sides of it with Sr, larch, etc., and added miuch to the surround ing beauty. The next morning we visit the Round Towei,-which i 110ft10 high and 51fit. in clromference; around itlies in moany moI ldering heap the ancient inhabitants of the valley; near by St. Kevi's-Abbey nnd library.commonly called St Kevin's Kitchen, TheBoard of Works have a man in charge who looks after all the ruins and keeps them in repair. The following little notice was hung in the abbey i "All visitors of right feeling and goo l taste will admire, without injuring, the anrient temains here preserved; for those who do not, they are warned that nthe Board of Works have power to prose cute." -In this abbey is a most beautiful Celtic cross, cveredl with some fine Irish tracery. The Cathedral is thte largest of all the churches; the other churches are the sLady's Clhapel nndl toe Trinity Church. r The Monastery, which is on the other side of the valley, and rather out of the way, is the most beautiful or nlt the churches. It contains some fins sculpturo.l stone, and has a secret staircase in the wall. which is 5t. thick, Hera we epend a couple of houra very pleasantly with some English tourists, and whi:e strollilg by the little rivulet ties fuovs in tho valley nt the foot on the mount, we conse across as Engliels lsdy artist, who, we are informed, is a painter of note, ansi is now engaegl painting the beauty of Glen daloagh. Wcseoor Ohe Vale of Avoa.. "The leoting 'of the Wste~n" ousddrive throulgh the Vale of Clara to Ra:hdrun, a Sbnsy-loouking town. and on to Avondale, the residueoe of Slr. Parnell, situate in a fine old park with spreading trees, the house noerlookiesg the Wicklow Valley nod rail way. H isin London, butwe are shown over by the man in charge. It is a squane three- storay building, the fronn door orjcaing into a large hall, with doors leading to the library. dining and dpewing rooms, etc. Here isa billiard otle, and round the wails are ranged tile aout of arms, swords and spear, and some foreign nahive ineplemeoto, while in the curaer we sonbhin flshisg-mrd landing-net and basket. Over the mauaivo chimney-piece and fireplace is a fine engrav ing of the old Irish House of Parliament, and on a table close hy are placed many specimens of various coloured marbles, polished, and in the rough state, and samples of wood for street-blocking, etc. He has not been home for twelve months, his parliamentary duties keeping him away. He is the owner of several stone, slate and marble quarries, and keeps two saw-mills at work. He is a large employer of labor, and from enquiries we made, seems to be universally respected. altogether apart from his politics. In his library are some very old and choice works, which must represent some thousands of volumes, and round the walls are ranged a great number of addresses that have been presented to him. On the side-board we see, amongst many other presents, a pair of emu eggs, set in silver, fromi Australia. Here is the chair that he was presented with by the ladies of Ireland when he was in Kilmainham jail. It is made to draw out, and serves the purposeof a bed. In thedrawing and dining rooms are hung the historical paintings of his ancestors, and some rare gems in water colors, while brie-a-brac is everywhere to be seen. We should say, from his home, that Mr. Parnell is a man of quiet and studious habits, and with a great taste for the beauti ful. We say to ourselves, "What a pity for this fine home to, he without the busy noise and hum of children 1" for Mr. Parnell is unmarried. The road down to the Vale of Avoca is very "teep, and passes just beneath Castle Howard, which is pictures qnely: sLtuatedon .a-.:preciptton. height, - wooded to thsumismit, and as itis n o-e teliated etructure, it presents an imposing appearance when viewed from the road. It almost overhangs the first " Meeting of the WVaters," close to an old bridge, near which is a seat beneath an aged tree. On this moss-covered seat, the poet Moore-accord. ing to the testimony of an aged gentleman living till recently - was once seated, musing above the confluence of the Avonhbrg and Avonmore rivers. Here the river rolls down the depths of the vale, nun touched by mining operations and untinged by sulphur and copper ore, now the main characteristic at the other end of the vale of a scene once bright and sylvan. Newbridge is a central village in the vale of Avoca, and is in the centre of the mining operations. Below here we pass through solemn shades undisturbed by the clang of mine engines or the hum of labor. Down the deepest part of the vale about two miles from the entrance, the beautiful scene known as the Wooden Bridge expands before our view. The vale here spreads into a valley through which the waters of the Avoca flow to the point where it joins the Aughrim and so forms the second " Meeting of the Waters." The foliage has become of a lighter green and the sylvan beauty of the surrounding country makes this the prettiest spot that can be imagined. Our quarters are at the Wooden Bridge Hotel, and after dinner in the evening we drive to the town of Aoghrim about 4 miles distant. OWe follow the course of a brawling rocky torrent the whole way, half the dis tance through a dense wood of the loveliest shade of green. The town of Aughrim is pleaeantly sitoated but is small. Near it an engagement took place between General Holt and the royal troops in the troublous times of 17iS. Next morning we make an early start for Rathdrum. While waiting for the car, looking over the visitors' book we come upon the following insertions which I think too good to let pass : "' A fellow feeling makes rodesaus w in d ;' Perhaps the poet might have changed his mind it, fhe? palssing through a crowd, he chanced to A fellow feeling in his coat behind." and "what i write In this hook For the whole world to loo - And the critics tovspt NO thank yes, not oI " On reaching the village of Ashford we strike off to the left for the Devil's Glen, which is about 3 miles distant and situate in the demesne of-Colonel -Tottenham locally known as the "Battering Rim" from the nusber of evictions that have taken placeeon his estate. The Glen, with a winding stream rushing through it, is enclosed by precipitouos banks crowned with the silver ash and fir, and rising toa height of from two to four hundred feet. The roadway runs through the bottom of the Glen, thus rendering the shades of the place solemn and imposing in the extreme. As the way winds the great height seems to close behind and leave us no visible mode of egress. Regaining the lodge we start for the Glen of the Downs, a woody defile of the Downs mountains, with 1,300ft; of densely wooded banks. At one part they rise almost precipitously on either side of the narrow road which winds for more than a mile through the silest scene. Near the northern opening of the Glen, 4 miles from Bray, is a romantie cottage, and above this, itoated onthe very crown of the bank is the Octagon Temple, which is in the demesne of Belle Vue, the seat of the La Tochle family, who settled in Ireland peon after the revoca tion of the Edict of Noanres. Slirting the ntorthern base of the Lisser Sugar-Loaf and about 3 miles from Bray, is Hollybrooke, the residence of Sir George Hogson.k The grounds are extensive and laid out with great taste. In front of the thous- is a dark clas'y lake which reflects the buildings above. We drive through Hollybreoke and leave my card and name in the visitors' book at the lodge, this being the rule for visitors. It seems to affrd gret interest to the ownsr, who frequently inspects the visitors' hook daring the week. We are indebted to Sir George Hodgson for his kindness in permit ting tourists to drive through his grounds and park and. regret that other so.called Irish gentry do not follow his example. Prom here a short drivh of a couple of miles brings us to Bray, and thus finishes a most enjoyable trip through Wicklow in an Irish jaunting ear. The driver of this, by his wit antl amusing stories has kept us in a chronic state of laughter the whole way. On the outskirts of Bray the meet with astrolling photographer and have ourselves, jaunting car. horse, and driver. taken. Odr next visit is toeScotland. but circumstances over which we have no' control prevent us going as soon as we would' wish. On the morning of Wedsesoday, September 25th,- Frank Fitzroy Matthew McMahon makes his appearance at cmy,' brother's residence. Jrayhoth ,and in. a feew days we start for Scotland.' "N.B.'-The advento of this important individsal, representing as ite does the' new and the old world, dela s our departure" for home by one month. - (To bSc Contirnu?Z) A terriblh domestic tragedy is reported. from Nice. M. Martini, a painter, occupied a house in the Rucllo du Pontin, with his family, co?sisting of four children andt. their aunt, whlo for eereral years Iad kept; house for her widowed brother.in.law. Mfany violent quarrels had lately' ocenurrel between this aunt and' the eldest.son of M. Martini, agedl about seventeen.' The other morning the boy noticed lthat while pouring out the hreaktfasteoffee for the pound to CIia particular portion. Waithout making any remark he emptiec. a? irt of his eoncoction into the cops of nil the others, woith tie result thatil the whole familywas poisoneed. The geilty aontwas the first to succumb to he oown handiork.,r then the son, \who, before dying, gaepet nut, "I suspected my aunt of -wishl'sgt gnet rid of me; I lid not wish ha die alone s and therefore shnrel titto all the renr." Two of the tther children, girls of twelve. and dstlt'respeetivrely, aca full victims, ao. the rondition of the fahther, anod:tlt ohew child leate littlh room for Isopdoof- heir recovery. . ..... Uallotiy'a Ointmentand Pilla.-?ntusntal". Remedies.- Towards the fall of the year countless rauses are at work to lower tite, tenoof the nervous system, which will bel; followed by ill-health unless proper meanes ht etmpoyed to avert that evil. Hollosay's flr-fansed preparations supply a fenltiess retnedlyfor both intnal and . eternal. complaints cotinected with changes of reason, 