. ? . - ? ^ ? . ? ?_ _ V. The Labour Aaitation. u ,- (By Nemo.) . ' : /, Watchman, what of the night? ? Now, the Demon, of Discord rejoices because his agents are blithely doing hia behests. : . , /.; -.-..? .-. '. ?? -'-.. Nqw, the Socialist and Anarchist, over the ,broad face of Europe, rub their soiled hands and cry, 'The work goes bravely on- ..,-.; .--. . - :..-:-.... .- ' ??'.: .. Now, the Agitators— curses of honest labour— unwilling to work, but glad to strike, grow fat, and put money by, and misuse the talents given to them to ignoble ends; and when the time of tribulation comeB will turn tail and run. Now, Capital, indignantly refuting the false charge of trampling on Labour, deter mines to show its united strength. Now, the old pagan fable of the com bined bundle ot sticks, as symbolising unity, will be explained, e g., sound sticks and not fire sticks make up the bundle. Now, men willing to work for wives and homes are escorted by troopers because they work, and are assailed by roughs, and generally have a rude time of it. Now, the furnace is no longer red, the anvil has no ring to the hammer; the giant chimney has ceased to smoke ; deso lation is in the place of the hum of honest labour; gates are shut; grass grows on the well- worn walk, and the call' bell is dumb. . . .,.. ., . ? Now, violence reigns, and cultured men driven out by the strike grow desperate, and brother' has to resist his brother.'.and there. is no peace whatever.- ?; ' ;; r -j;x---v. 'Now, the criminal class, shunning the. police, plunder and outrage, incite- law- lessness, and indelibly stain the character of the honest workman. Now, the. price of food goes up)7' .arid sugar and the essential tea become ' pre cious, because of - the Union ; and -the^ Union reigns for the moment in un-' thoughtful minds, .a .voice 'of freedom; but being misdirected is 'a curse./1 v-'; '?'? Now, the artist feels the pinch, and the transit, and the Ghost ceases to walk. Now, in good honest faith, working womanhood gains all sympathy, because of patient quietude and instinctive sense of duty, and desire for law and order. Now, city streets are dark, and hard toiling girls dread the walk home, and going there, are hustled and insulted, and tremblingly reaching their humble shel ters, thank Providence to have got out of the terrible streets. . Now, many an act of cowardly brutality is ascribed wrongly to the locked but, and many an act of heroism by man and woman will be recorded in the eternal record of human doings. Now, unknown hitherto to men of British soil, barricades are created in the public ways and streets of sister colonies— not revolutionary this time — but for the pre servation of Ian and order. . . ...' Now is the freedom of contract sought to be annulled, and the relation of master and man destroyed, and the good will that once existed between the two, made as nought. '.,'..' Now, men trained to obedience — some of brain and some of sinew— lacking occupa tion, loiter about, and take to beer and bagatelle. Now, shops are shut and shutters put up, and the unoffending go out of work because of the offending. ', Now, in many a quiet home the thrifty housewife rocks her bairn to sleep, wailing out silently ' Will it ever end ?' ' Now, pattering feet lack little shoes, and tiny frocks grow frayed, and mothers cannot help. Now, free-born Englishmen, shuddering at the cruelties' of Siberia and' the White Czar, encounter in their own. fair land a despotism unknown to Russia. ' Now:;. the lovers of law.and.i.order yoluni toer/;^s .special- constables;* and ''show the' turbulent that strength and determination are not apart from respectability and posi tion. Now, the British workman who rings out in convivial song the festive boast that 'Britons never, never shall be slaves' goes forth at the beckon of a phan tom, saying; 'We may work no more.' Now,'women wail and children cry, and the root and branch of tbe household makes his home Might but a paiadiie. Now, the harvest home of capital gathers its factors about the Mansion House in the great centre of monetary life, who grow., doubtful, saying, ' There is no longer 'Au's tralia Felix', it is Australia the Insubordi nate, and may become Australia the Re pudiating:, if the Union has its way.' Now, the angel of human sympathy wrings its hands, piteously looking at the women and children. Now, earnest workmen, unwillingly driven, from honest service by a mistaken sense of allegiance to a phantom power, begin to exercise their judgment, asking, ' Shall order reign or riot?' ', , Now, — — . ., '; '. .' .;??' ;. ,' 