p M I Q E M ^ d e s i r e / ,•«••« bmorlnkmfinsse niiicat iempiis.— ZriviVS -.XNEIB n, 501. BOOK I. CSAPIEE I. .."" THE sirxsr ISLE. .;'. . I - umnn HAGGAEB AND. AKDEEW [|[® ItlJ - . LANG. ^-Mi us venose hearts ate set •• ^^UiePresenttoforgot; .. • «°^Sui™torethemoonlight fills "- •'-•. f¥Xas among wma-shaken reeds . SSftalsSfholvNiIe Steals the while: v .. stall mingle in a modern inouth;; KmtSs of TTesS and East. ?^&ffitabontOief;^t . V. T^f doves that cooled mtli miving unng, lintaintthc halls ofmemory,- \--,v.' TmHhoiigh the Bow shall prelude clear ^Bthesong.of^uWsspear,.; ; %£manswersohsfrom.lute-andlyre; JtaTiinrm^^ The World's Desire; .;': Mnnehutloveswhatheliasloat.-' -.••'- there bat tatMraniher sins , The portent of the Bleeding Star ; . Vot one tot ho olawsi to wake. . Wraed of the Star.and found-the Snake.' Vet tbmughlus dreams, a wandering fire,•" ITID, still she flite,THE WOSWB DESIKE! iaossft® backs ^e waves, 1 beneath 1, mountains, and between theialands, a ship Le stealing from the dark into the dusk, and ?" (jic dusk into the dawn. The ship had vona mast, tme broad town sail with'a anta>idered on it'in.gold:; her stem-and nwere built high,. and carved like a bud's st; ier prow was painted scarlet, aiid lie to driven by oars as well as by-the western stood alone on. the half-deck, at the Itows man who looked, always .forward, 1 ,'jU the night, and the twilight, and the Itlai Boniing. He: was. of, no .great stature, at broad-breasted and very wide-shouldered, iih mauf signs of strength. He liad- bide fes,anddai'k curled locks.falling beneath.a -dap such as sailors wear, and over a purple „iist, fastened with a brooch , of gold. , There liters threads of silver ill Ins . curls, and ilis Ifcardiras flecked with .white.: Hip-whole heart Insiollowiug his eyes, watching first for the |S«ze of the island beacons out of the l&rfcoess;, and later, for the smoke rising from, Jibe far-off hills. But he watched m Tain; :e was neither light nor. smoke on : the- ...j jEak that -lay clear against a- field of I Sow sky. . .. j . ; There was no smoke, no fire, no sound of tuicBs, nor cry of birds. The isle was deadly 0. is tliey neared the coast, and neither heard nor saw a sign of lire, the man's face fell, t&e; gladness went out •• of . hie eyes, his features grew older with anxiety and doubt [iud with longing for tidings of histome- - man ever loved his home more than he, a was Odysseus, the son of Laertes—who | of some is called Ulysses—returned from- his ; second wandering. -The whole world 1 the tale of his firstvoyage, how he ; tossed for ten years : on the sea after the iiigof Troy ; how he reached tome at last, ; le. and diguised. a3 a beggar: • how-he; [ violence in his house. .-how he-slew-his I ioesinhis own hall, and won his wife again, 1 "' Steven in his own. country, he was not periitledto rest, for there was a curse upon Lira I sida labour to he -accomplished. He must I iraflderagaiu till he reached the land of men I fluiliad never tasted , salt, nor ever heard of : I fesalt sea. There he must sacrifice to the I and then, at last,.set his -face homeward^; I Kow he had endured that. cur^e, he had -ful- [ filledthe prophecy,he had'angered, by misad- • | raiture. the Goddess-.that was his friend. [ ud after adventures that have never yet been | fc!3,he had arrived within a bow-shot of: " :ca. ,•:..:. :••--:.,...•-, ecame from strange countries, from, the I Gates of the Snn and the "White Book, from I tie Passing Place of Souls-and the people of | teams. • • -? • But he found his-own isle :-more still-and • I strange by far; :The realm of -Dreams was' not- • Baaiab, the Gates of the Sun were not so still,' iMhe shores of the familiar island beneath the- [ting dawn. • I Tins story, whereof the substance was set long ago by Eel, them6tructed Egyptian 1 •'est, tells what he found there, and the 's of the last adventures of Odysseus, Laertes' The ship ran on and won the well-known I kren, .sheltered from wind by two headlands | tisheer cliff., There^he sailed straightdn', till I the leaves of the broad ohve ti-ee at the head I oittie inlet were tangled in her cordage ' Then P the Wanderer, without once looking back, or | saying one word of farewell to his crew, cauglitatoujh of the. ohve free..in his hand ' and swung himseli ashore. There he kneeled, and kissed the earth, and covering his head within' hiscloak, he prayed that he might find his house, at peace, his wife dear- and true, and his son worthy of him. Butnot one word of his prayerwa« lo be granted. The gods give and take, but on-the earth the gods cannot restore. - When he rose from his knees he glanced back across the waters, but there was now no ship h tie haren, nor any sign of a sail on all the' •,....••'• .••' And still the land was silent -: not even the irilo A-dscrieda ivelcome. Tht sun was hardly UD, men were scarce affaire, the Wanderer, said to himself; and he set a stout heart to the steep-path leading up the Ml. over the wolds, and:across the ridge of. rock that divides the two masses of the island- W> tie climbed, purposing, as of old, to seek the house of Ms faithful: servant, the swineherd, and learn from him the tidings of his home- On the brow of a lull he.stopped .to- rest-:"and Icok- edilowu on tn^house.oi the servant But the stroug oak palisade .was: broken: no smoke came from the hole in .the thatched roof. and, as he approached, the dogs did notrun harking, as step-dogs do, at the stranger.' The very path : Bile house was overgrown, and dumb with' pss; Even a dog's keen -ears could scarcely toe heard a footstep. 1 - The door of the swineherd's hut was open;- »st all was dark within. The spiders had *wtn a glittering web across the empty'black-.- MB, a sign that for many-days no man had ffltercd. Then the Wanderer shouted-tvrice, aad thrice, but -the only, answer -was the echo* frcrai the liill. He went in. hoping ta findfood, ® perhaps a spark of fire sheltered under the on-leaves. But all. was vaxjant and 1 cold ,as* • iesth. • .. •.- :. •• The Wanderer came forth into the warm sun-., "sat, set his face to the hill again; and went on": . hisway to the city of Ithaca. ' -' r • He eaw the sea from the lull-top glittering as j» r^re, but there-were no "brown sails of-fisher ..tats on the sea. A31 the land that should now; jlavc lvaved with white -corn was green with stanjlea weeds. Halfway. down the- rugged psmwasa grove of alders, and the basin Into Wiich thewater flowed .from the olifouiitaitt •i.thoXymphs-! 'But no niaidens were,there., "tfi their pitchers-: :thei)asm-wasbroken,and..' gwn with moald j IflewaterBlippedthrough: "tut ererices'and hnmed to the aea T-here' ..wre no offerings of -wayfarers, Tags -and by - the well ,-wi on the Altai of the »Shs-fhe?flffim6' lyi loog Ivcn uud Tu «rf ashes were jvi-ri 1 viA liul <i branch of ivy had hidden the stone ofs ®IlSce. .•,-'"i- J S ." ,(ta the "Wanderer: • pressed .jwith ^ 'hssvyi f?®:" now the liigh roof <sf Jusownliall'and' ™m«e fenced- courts were Withui his sight.-, Whehurriedfcrwaidtoknowthe worst : • loo soon he saw that the roofs were smoke- \- J®=. nad all the court was deep in grass. .Where, ™altar of Zeus had stood in the midst of the there w.uho'wnoaltar.;bntaigreat,vgi , ey. S"d) not of earth, hut of- white dust mixed \- „ J "•aek. Over this mound the grass pricked -•Xffnffly. like thin air on aleprosy theAyandererslmaaerea,for'out:of • WTJionnd peeped the charred ilaoktiones :.oi :heai ™ dead. He drew Eear, and lo 1 the whole" :':• was' of • nothing else than the 1 ashes of men . women. Death had been busy here ; >here r-; } ."'iopie had perished of a pestflence. -They A Seen eonsumed on one iuneral : Srai, ethey who jaidthem there must have fled, 10 1 there was no sign of liying man. The doors gedopen, and r none - entered, andmone came tmtu; The hdnse wasi-fiead, like the people had dwelt in it :,iaen-the Wandereivflaused where once -theJ hound Argos .had welcomed iim and had- Jto that welcom" Were, wnwelcomed, he leaning on his/Staff Thenasuddeaiay •S.™ sun fell' on ^omething-Jtot-gUtteredMi,; and he touchedit with the -endflf-the SF»>.lua a. 'bttaawaz ItsUdjingUng^om ? ; it wai Hie t)ane,of afore-amv?and of , r*"" it was aialf ,lfi3nolten| moltenpngi On thfe gold these -eharacteMwere en Wred m Greek characters — lemakos made ini mi ^ftesight of the armletthe Wanderer fell Allngatareaemd. a n ? 0ns the the ] rff® amo , ol f< f" 1 f tenor were those land ^ms m wlnchleTiaAlam Tnen his strength' was shaien with' tns sohhmg. ' aud his ' lismdR clutched blindly hefoie hun, and dust and casit it upon his llead tdl lis dark locks wore defiled with the ashes of his dearest, and he longed to die , ;:, -There he. Jay, - biting- Ms own hands foT SOTi-ow, and for wrath against God and fate. X here he lay while the sun in the heavens siiiot® lum, and he knew it not: while the wind bf the sunset.. ..steedin his • hair-' and ^ stirred not. He could ,not" even . shed one his was i the sorest of all the- sorrows tlia;i he had. known on the waves of the sea or on laud among the wars of men . - . - -the sun fell and ..the: ways :were: darkened: fslowly tne eastern sky grew silver, with th»- .moon,.. A night-fowls voice was heardfromaiar, it„drew nearer; theuthi'ough tho shadow ot tie pyre the black wings fluttered " into the light, and the carrion bird fixed its talons and its, beak tin the Wanderer's neck- : Then lie : moved at length, tossed up an arm, and caught the^bird of darkness by the neck,'and brokeit and dashed it on the igi-ound.: ../Hismck'heart ivas mad with the;=2ittle sudden iMain, and he clutched for tile knife m his girdle that lie might slay himaelf, but lie was unarmed At last he rose, muttenng, and stood jnihe moon-: tight, likeahon,vin.;eomeruinou£T)alace-offorgotten lings He was fault wife hunger and" weak with long lamenting, as lie stepped ivithin his own doors. There - he paused on that high threshold of stone where ouco he had Bat in ffie" . disguise oi a beggar; that very threshold •whence, on another day, he had shot-the'ehaf ts of doom among the wooers of his wife and the :wasters of his home.- But now Jus wife was dead; .all his voyaging was ended here, and all , Jus wars were vain. Iu the white , light -the; house of his kuigslup was no more than the: (ghost ofahome, dreadful, unfamiliar, empty of• ;warmth and love , and light. The tables were fallen here and there through the long hall: mouldering fragments of the funeral feastand shattered tups and dishes lay in one contusion; theivorv chairs were' broken; andon the walls the moonbeams glistened now.and again €rom' .points of steel-and blades-of -bronze, :thougli" many swords .were dark with rust. -. : ." : But there, in its gleaming ease, lav one thing ' .friendly and familiar. . There lay the Bow of Bury tus, the bow for which great Heracleshad' slain his own guest in his own lialls; the dreadful bow that no mortal man, but the Wanderer could bend. He was never used to carry this precious bow with him on shipboard- when he; went to the wars, hut it-was treasured at home,*: the memorial of a dearfrieud foully alam. So - now,-when .the voices of dog, ..and slave, and child, and -wife- were mute, there yet came out' of the stillness a word of welcome to the Wandei-ei-. For this bo w, which had thrilled in the grip of. a god,-and had scattered the shafts of the vengeance of Heracles, was wondrously maae and- magical. " A'6pirit dwelt within it: which knew of things to come, which boded the battle from -afar,- and therefore always before the slaying of men the bow sang ; strangely through the rnght. The voice of vtvras tlim. and shrill, a ringing and a.smging of the string and of the bow.. While the Wanderer stoodand looked on.his weapon, hark 1 the bow began to: , thrill! The sound was iamt at first,, a thin note, but -as, he. listeued the voice of it in that silence grew clear, sti-ong, angry, and trium-- phant. In his ears and to his heart it seemed that the wordless chant ran thus •"•' , TJIE SOXG or THE Bow.. \- . Keen and low .-.. Doth the ari-ow smg • Tbc Song of the Bow. .: The«oundolthestrins- The shafts ciyslnill:-. - . Let us forth again.-- • Let us feed our fill - • .On-the flesh'of-meii. • Greedy and fleec. ^ '-.. .. :.-.:•-.-.. .' Do we fly iromfar,: Like:the:bu:ds'thatmcet. - : ' - -.; For the feast of war, Till the air of fight ; • Tyathour-wmesbe'stan-ea, ... Asjt- whirrs.fromtheflight: — . r: . Of tKeraream^'bird... . ' : . \- inke the flakes tiiat drift'•. : . -. 1 .. Onthesnowrwmd'^breatli. Many ^llid swift. . • ..... .. ind winged for dcathrr- .: . - . Greedy and fleet. . f)o:we speed from far-- -- - . -. : Like the birds that meet . . On Ihe bntlge oi wav. Fleet as gkostsilmt wail. . - '"When the dart strikes-true, \- . Do-the swiftshnf;. 1 :lull]. . ... -r..- • , . Till they^nnkwann dew. •--- '•:"' . Keenundlow .-. -.- :: ..- -. :., *. Dothesrerahaftssmg - - • : TheSong- of the Bow. .- . - . .. • The sound of the stung. • • This was the message of Death, and this was the-Grst sound that had broken the stillness of lus home. • • - -. . At ihe welcome of this musiewhioh spoke to his heart—this music he had heard so many a tune—the Wanderer knew that there was war at hand. Heknew that the wings of his arrows should us swift to fly, and their beaks of bronze should be whetted: to drink the.blood of men.* He put out his ..hand and took the'bow.- and tried the string, and it answered shrill -as the jsong of the swallow. Then at length, when he heard the "bowstring twang to his touch, the fountains of his sorrowwere unsealed; tears: came like soft rains on a frozen land, and the Wanderer wept. •-' When he had his fill of weeping, he rose, for' hunger-drove him^hunger that is of all things' the- most shameless,rbeing -.stronger -far than sorrow, or love.-or any other desire-. The Wanderer. found his way through. the narrow door,. behind.thedais^.-and.stumbling nowandagainover -fallen frasments of the home which hehimself had built, lie went to the inner, secret; storehouse. - Even he could scurcely find- -the. door, for saplings of trees had.grown up about it : yet he found it at last.. Within the lioly well the water was yet babbling andshuung m the moonlight over the silver sands; and here,: too, there: was storeof mouldering grain, for the' house had been abundantly rich when the great; plague fell upon the people while he was far: away. '-So .he found-food to satisfy 'Ins hunger; - after a sort, and .next, he gathered.together out; ot his- treasure-chest.. the - beautiful.-.golden : armour, of -unhappy. Pans, son- of-Priam,, the' false-love: offair Helen. These arms had been taken at-the sack of Troy; ,and hadlam.long ' the. treasury ; of Menelaus m Sparta : buton a day he. had given them to .-Odysseus,>the dearest of all -his guests. Tie Wanderer clad ; himself in this golden gear, and took the sword. called " Huryalus'fi Gift/' bronze blade with, asilverlult, and. a sheath :of ivory, which in a far-off Jand a-strange: had given hiur,-.' Already; the love of life had come back to him.-now.tnat '. he had. eaten and drunk, and had heard the Song of the Bow, the Slayer of : Men.-. He lived- yet; and hope lirad -in ium though Jus' " house was -desolate, and -his wedded wife was dead, and there was none to give him tidings ofhis one child, Telemachus. Even-so life beat: strong m -ius heart, and his hands ::would keep - his head .if aay..sea-roboers Jiad -come to . -:thecity of Ithaca-and m:idf the.ir .home there, like.;, sea-iawks in the forsaken nest of an eagle ofthe sea. So he clad,himself m bis armour, and chose out two spears from a. stand of laucesj - and cleaned them, and girt aboutshis shoulders^ a quiver full of shafts, and took m his handlns • great .bow; the Bow of Eurytus, which-no other -man -could bend. Then he went forth from the -rained house ,-mto:, the - moonlight;' wentiorth, for the last ,-tune fol"never^gain : di&sihe; -high," roof-, echo,-to::ihe iootstep of3ts , lord Long lias the grass grown oier at, and the sea-w-nd jailed Bssiin: J The * -fragrant -.night .-.was-clear andstill-. .the eience ^scarce'liroken •iy.'jthe lapping-ofathij^ waves, as the W,mderei went down from his fallen -home to the, citv on • -the se;i, vvalinnjr. waSaly. and watclimg. for any light from the houses of, the people.;-:.: 'Butt'they-'Were-aUiasi dark as-his -osmir many -of ethem -roofless and;; rained.: J:'or,: after .the ;plague,. .an earthquake had smitten the city JLheie were .gaping chasms in the road, hereand there, and through; rifts in the "walls oi the iouses the moon-shone; -Etranaely, makmg -ragged shadows.: At ,last .the Wanderer reached .-the: Temple ^of .-Athene, the Goadess -of Warbnt -ihe roof -haa faUen m, ami the piliars were overset, and the scent of'WildiBiyme^rowing iiiAhe broken pavement? rose-where;heiwalked-.'• ifBet, as'he^tood !by the; door of the fane, where he had burned «o many aeeacnfice, iat -length -he vspied a :lightHazmg. from the windows o£ a.gieat cliapol by the sea. Itiaras the .Teiaple.of Aphi'oditc,;the Queen,of» iiove, and^^irom the^^open^^idopntheweetBavonrf of.inceoaeeand -the ffolden-blaae.. 1 -,-dite. - 5Tet,,if he-did not dream,-nor take-moon-i light for &-e,. the temple was bathed in showera :-of gold by a splendour of flame. Bone iuight :.see its.., centre nor ..-its rountain ;• it sprang neither from-.thealtar nor the statue of the got \- des(;, but was everywhere immment, ra glory not of-.this world, :a fii-c'.nlitended"and unlit- 'Aiidthespnanted walls .-^nth:ihe .-stones of the loves . of.men and gods, and>the cavern pillars and the: beams, and the roof of green, were bright wife ;flamingfire l . .- . , - • • At this tlie Wanderer was afraid, knowing ;thatan Immortal was at hand: for the comings and the gouics of the gods were attended, as lie bad seen, by this -wondeifel light of uriearthly.fii-e. -So hes bowed hisi head, 1 and;hid ; his face as lie sat by the altar in the holiest of .the holy shrine, and with his right hand he •grasped the. horns, of. the altar.' As he sat ithere, perchance :he woke. 1 and-perchance le - slept. / However-it was; it- seemed to him that Boon there came amurniurmg-and a whispenng" of the myrtle leaves and laurels,-and a soiindm •the -tops, ot- thei pmes; .and then-his- -face was fanned by a oreatn more cold than the wind ,that wakes the-dawn: vAt' tlie touch of this breath the Wanderer , shuddered; and the hair, on his flesh stood, up; , so cold was the strange •wind .'There was silence; and he heard a voiberahd heinew that it was the voice of ifi) mortal, but of a goddess. For the speech of goddesses was sot :.«trange :in jbis:(ears ,--.:i"e know'ihe clarion cry of. Athene, the-Queen of Wisdom ani of - War, and the winning words of Circe, the Daughter of the Sun, and the sweet song of: Calypso's voice as she -wove with her golden 1 shuttle at the loom. But cow the words came sweeter.- than the moaning of doves, more soft than sleep. So came the golden voice; whether ie woke or vrhether he dreamed- .- '• '-:.'•' " Odysseus, thou knowest me not, nor anil thy lady, nor hast , thou ever'been-my servant!" "Where ls.she, the Queen 'of: the ' Air, Athene, and -why comest- i/iO!«:here :,as -:a-:suppKant : at the kneesor,ine-daughterof ©iome f?? . •: : ^ He answered nothing, lut he bowed his head in deeper sorrow. - :;."..• The voice spake again: • " "Beholdjthy house is desolate; thy hearth is cold. The wild hare breeds bv thy hearthstone, and the ,;night-bird roosts beneath thy xoof-tree. . Thou hast neither child nor wife nor native land, and she has • iomaken ihee—thy Lady .Athene. Many a time'didsttliou sacri- fice to: her Ihe thighs, of kine vand sheep, but didst though ever give Bo -much as apai!' of: doves .to mc ^ , -Hath she left thee, as the'Dawn^ forsook lithonus, because there are now threads ' of silver m.the darkness of, tlw hair? Is the wise goddess fickle as a nymph of the woodland oi' the '.veils ^ Doth she love a man only for' thebloomof his vouthf K"ay, I know^not;" but this , I kno w, that on thee, Odysseus, old age will soon be hastening—old age that is pitiless, and ruinous, and- weary,-and- weak—age'that' cometb on all men,- and that as hateful to the gods. 'Therefore, .Odysseus, -ste: yet^-itie too'- late, I wtiuld-bow; even thee to my; will, andliold thee for my thrall. Tor I am she who conquers all things living: ..gods: and beasts and men., And hast thou thought that thou only shalt - escape Aphrodite ? Thou that hast, never. loved as I would iave men love"; thou! that hastnever obeyed-me for an hour, nor ever known the joy and tha-sorrow that are mine to', give ? IVir thou didst but -endure the caresses of Circe,. the Daughter of the Sun, and thou wert aweary in the arms of Calypso, and the Sea Jling's daughter came never to her longing.' As for her who is: dead. -thv. dear wife Penelope, tnou didstlove her with a loyal heart,-but never with a nearfc of fire. , Nay, she was but thy companion, thy house-wife, and the mother of thy child. She was mingled with all thy memories ofthe land thou lovest,-and'sothou gavest her a little love. But she is dead; and thy child,, too, is no more;- and thy.very country is as-the ashes- of a forsaken hearth: where once was a camp of men. "What have aSlthv wars and wanderings : wonior thee, aE thy-labours, and all the adventures thou hast achieved ? For what -didst thou sees among^ thehying and the dead ? Thon soughtest that' which all: men seek—thou Boughtest The World's. Desire.; ; They find it -not, nor hasfc thou found it, Odysseus ; and thy friends are dead:;.thy land is dead; nothing lives but Hope.-: But the life that, lies Jaefore thee is new,: without a remnant of . the old days/ except for the bitterness .of .longing and-xemembrance. Out of-this new-life, and thennborn:: hours, wilt not thou give, what never before, thou: gavest,-one hour: tb.me, to be my servant r" 3S« voice, as it seemed, grew softer and came nearer, till the Wanderer "heard it whisper in his very, ear,-and-with .the voice came-a divine The breath of - her who spoke seemed to toueh-his neck: - Hie immortal tresses of the-godaess were rmngled with-the dark cui'ls. of hisliair: - . ..•„• .- " . :-r . Thevoice spake again: : . "Aay, Odysseus. ,didstthou not once give me one little hour"? l?ear not, for thou shalt not, Bec me at this time, but hftthy head and-look on The World's Desire." ' Then the Wanderer lifted his head; and he saw* .as it were -in a. picture or . in mirror of bronze,. the - vision of a girl.- She • was more - than mortal, tall, and though • still in the first , flower of youth, and almost a child in years, she seemed fair as^ a goddess, and so beautiful that Aphrodite herself; may perchance: have envied: this loveliness.. .She was. slim- and - gracieus -as a young shoot of a palm tree, and her eyes were, fearless and . innocent -as-a child's. On her head she bore a shining urn of bronze, aB if: she were bringing water from the. wells, and -behind -her was the'foliage of a plane tree- Then the Wanderer--knew her, and .saw. her once -a^ain -as he had seen her, when in his ^boyhood he had journeyed to the Court of'herfather; jCrng • Tyndareus. iFor. as ;he-entered Sparta, and came down the hull Taygetus, and. as his chanot wheels flashed through the ford-of : Eurotas;hehad methei: there on her way from the river. There, in lus youth, his eyes had gazed on the loveliness of Helen, and his heart had been filled- With the desire of the fairest of women, ami like all. the-princes of Achaiahe .had sought-her-hand-in marriage. :,-Bnt'Helen .was given, to -another: man, 'to ifenelaus, : Ati'euivs son, of an e\il house, that the knees;, of manv imgnt be loosened ra death. • and-that there ini^ht be.-a .song m the .ears of men ni after time; -Ashe beheld'the vision of-young Helen,-the Wanderer, too; -grew-' young again.' But aB-he.gazed with the eyes and loved with; the firstlove of- a boy, she melted like armst, : and out of; the mist -came another :vision. - He saw himself, disguised as abeggar. beaten and: braisedi yet. seated in. a -long-hall- bright with gold, while -a woman , hathed^ his feet,- -and anointed-his. head- with-oil. Ami the le^ee oi thewoman .was.the; face .of-the maiden, andeven more beautiful, , but sad -with, grief andancient s"hame.. -Then-he remembered how once, vhe had stolen into -Troy town from the: camp of' the AeliEoans, and how he had crept in beggar's': rags within the -house of Prtam-to spy upon tlio Trojaus.-and how-Helen, thefauest o£ women, had baffled him, ajld anointed him with oil, and: snfteredliim .to • go.m -peace, all for.- the memory; of "the love that was between-them of old- A:t he gazed that picture -faded and melted.in the . mist. 1 and again - he - bowed- - -his head, .and: : kneeled by the. golden altar of .: the: goddess, crying ; ' Where ,beneath' the; sunlight -dwells the For .nowe-he had only-one: desire—to look on-Helen -again-before he; died -Then the voice of' the -goddess- seemed" tq: whisper TO. his car -: " Did l-not say truth, Odysseus? Wast not thou :iny ,-servant.'for:-..an:,,hour,:;and-.Ad::-not that; night "when even ewisaom was of no avail 5"' He-answered-. " iTea, O Q u e e n I . * r Heboid then,I' said tlievojca, -"J-would; agauiTuwe TOercy and "betand to thee, for if I " ' aid'theejiotllionhastiioniorGlIiearaong men 'none; and, Tmt for me, thou must-devour till! I jvnljtirt ind b 'ii.rl i>U J loidi t - Therefore I breathe .into thy heart a sweet for- :getfulnessof sorroi 1 ,. au;l I .hrenlhe love into thee for bcr who .was'ihy first love in the beginning of thy days \ .v«.®or.- rHelenvjs Jivmg--:,yetiUjion;,thO!eaTthi : ; AUS'I OTII send -thee on iae quest of Helen;: s and-thou shalt -a^am- take 3 oy: m war.:and-wan-: i denng.: Thou Ehalt findhei'-in aSfiteangelaafl, men : and the wisest an d brr.vesLoj men shall ]ie in the arms 'of rthe ifairest irnmeri. But, leiun- tins, Ocl^-sseas : ihou must set .thy iieart on no other -\vomait. hut only on Helen " And I;give thee a sign to know ner by rn a 3 laua of magic, end among women that deal 121 chines,'H.qreivti « Ou the heasttf Hcknaicwel s stai s(bne, tlif -qifl 1 -gave her on panions to speed me over the great gulf of the sea "" . Then the-voice answered ::•:;. -•-....- . -1'oar not! The Rods can bring to pass even greater things than--these. , . Go fi-om my : •house,-.and he down tosleep mmy holy ground, ••Within: the.moise of ;the wash of the waves., aThere sleep and take thy rest ! Thy strength' shall: come back to thee, - and: "before the setting of the new sun thou shalt be sailing on the path, to The Worlds Desire.:, But first: dnnk from the chalice on' my altar. Pare thee -well!" •The voice died ; mto silence, like the dying of music. The Wanderer awoke and lifted his head,-but the light-had faded,-and the temple :was grey in the. first" waking of the:dawn. Tet thorc, on the altar .where no cup had" been; stooda deep chalice of gold,.full of -red wine to the brim. .This the Wanderer lifted and dramea—a draught. of Jfepenthe, the -magic cup.that puts troubleout of the mind: .Ashe -drank- a.-wave.:of street -hope: went over -his' leart, and .buned iar below- it: -the -sorrow •of rremembrance, and the trouble of - the •past, and the longing for loves that were no moie • With a light step lie- went forth like a younger man, taking the two spears in hishand, and the bow upon his back, and he jay down beneath a great rock that looked toward the deep, and therelie slept i GH43?H:E III !THE SMrSiO'^r IHB^H)0MI4J,S Horning biokeSn the East' A new day dawned upon the silentsea, and on-,the world of light and sound. • The satirise . crossed the waters by a path of gold, .and fell: upon - the' -golden raiment of the -Wanderer r as , he ; slept, mafang.it blaze hke living lire. As the sun touched him, the prow of a-black ship stole; swiftly round the headland, for the wind was fairrn her,wake, and the ibarsmen flrove her well with the oars. Any man who saw her; would have known , her to be a vessel of .the- .merchants of Sidon—the most cunning "people and: greediest of -gain—for on her prow were two big-headed shapes of dwarfs, -wsth igapmg -mouths andknotted limbs.' Such: gods as those were worshipped hy the Sidomans. She was - now returning from Albion, an isle beyond the: pillars of Hercules and the grates .of the great -, -sea, where much'store of tuiis found -; -aaid-sheT had rich-merchandise 011 -board. On the halfdeck beside-the steersman was the-captam,-athm, "keen-eyed sailoiywho looked shoreward and saw the sua blaze on "the golden armour of the Wanderer. They, "were so far eS that be ] couldnot clearly see what it was thai glittered yellow, but all that ghttered yellow was a lure ror him, and gold drew him on' as iron draws the hands of heroes. - So.he-bade the helmsman, steer straight m;.f or the sea was deep below the" roeh, and there.they.all saw .ajnonlying asleepin sgolden armour. They whispered together, laughing: silently, and.. then, sprang ashore, taking with them a rope of twisted oslnde, a hawser - of the 6hip, and a strong cable ofbyblus, thepapyrusplant. :.Onthese ropestheycast .a loop and. a running knot, alasso for throwing, so that theymight capture the man misafety from g distance., With these in their! hands,-they crept upthe cliff, for their purpose, was to nooBe the man in golden armour, and. drag him on board their vessel,; and carry him to the mouth of the river of Egypt, and there: sell lnm for a slave to the king. For the Sidomans, wlio were ,"greedy , of, everything,! loved iiothing better, than to catch free men .and women, who -might be puvchesed hy rae.re force.or guile, and then be sold again for-gold and sdver and- cattle: Many longs'* sons had; thus been captured by them,: ana had seen the. day.of slavery in Babylon, or Tyre,or Egyptian' Thebes; and "had died sadly, far from, tlie' Argive land. \- Sovthe Sidomans went round wanly, and; creeping 111 silence over the short grass -and- •thyme. towards-the. Wanderer, -.were soon as., near him asacbild .could throw a stone. Like shepherds who seek to net a. Bleepmg-lion, thev - rcame cunningly, yet not so cunningly but,that th0"Wanderer heard them throughiiiE dreama,. and turned and sat up, looking around him half, awake. But as he woke , the .noose'fell about .-his neck and over his • arms, and they drew it, hard, andthrew hun on 3ns back.,, Betore they could touch, him he was. on Ins- feet agmn, crying his wai'-ery terribly, the - cry-that shook-, the towers of Ihum, and hernshed upon them,, .clutchingat his sword hilt.., -Themen who were, nearest him: and had hold oftherope, let .it fall. from . their hands and iled, but the others swung behind him, and dragged. , with all their force. Elns^ras had been free, so -that. -he might draw lns sword, it would have gone; illjwith. -fhemj many.as/they-were/, for.the! Sidomans have no stomach tor swofa'Slades-;? "but his arms were held in the noose; • -Xet they ) ,did not^asily -master, .him; -but,.as those who had fled came-back,; and-they all laidliandson.- the rope together, -they overpowered hun hy mam,force :at last, and hauled him, step, -by step, till he stumbled on a rock and fell. Then they rushed at him, and threw themselves all, -upon his.body, and bound hun.with. ropes, 111. cunning- sailor knots. But.-the "booty was' dearly ••won, , and. .they . did-.not. all return' alive, for he crushed one man with his knees till-the breath lefthim,-andthe thigh of another; he broke with a blow of his foot. ,--... • - But at last his strength was spent, and tliey had-him like a iiiru in a snare; so, bv.might, and mam,-'they-'-'bore- him to their ship, :and : threw him-down on theioredeck-ofcthe vessel.- There they mocked him,- though they were .half afraid; for even now he-was terrible. Then:- they hauled up the sail again, and sat down to the oars. Thewind blew fair for the mouth .of. the Nile and-: the -slavemarket • of-Egypt.: "Hie wind , was - fair- .and: their hearts -were- light,--.-for they 'had: been.:..among. the • first -of --their ::people: to. . ideal '.- with the . ,wild - • tribes, of - the; island,:; Albion,: and had bought- tui and-,gold for African; sea. shells: and'rude glass beads from Egypt.-.: And now, near the very end of their adventure, they liad jcaught a man whose, armour and'; whose body were -worth- a kmg's : ransom. It was a lucky .voyage; they said; and the wind was fair' The rest ofthe t ourney waslong, hut m wellknown waters.* They passed by Ceplialema and the rock- of JEgihps. and; wooded Zacyn- - thus, and Sazna. and of a.il those isles he was ; the lord. whom they ,were-now-selling lnto.-cap- ; tinty; • -But he 'iay stiil. hreatinngheavily, .and. he stored hut once—^that was^when they-neared-: Zacynthus.--Then he. strained'.his headround; wifcha mighiy, strain; and he --saw vthe sun go. down upon the heights of rocky Ifhaca, for the; last -time of all:. - . . Soflie ewittship raa alongthe coast, slipping "by iorgotteii towns that- oied "betore history began.-: Past- the Echinean-isles, and the'Ehan: shore, and pleasant Eu:ene^ they, -sped; and it was *dusk ere they: reached-. Dorionr Deep, iiight-had- fallen-whentheyiranby Pylos.:. and? the light of the fires/ in the hall, of Pisistratus;? the son of JTestor the -Old. shone out across the sandy sea coast-and the.-sea: . But when they were come near Malea." the southernmosfcpoint. of land, where,two-seas meet,.there the ..storm snateheil them, and drove them ever southwards, "bevond Grete towards the month, of the v JSlue. ,-They- scudden loii£r :before.the stoi-mwmd, losing -their reckoning,.aud'rushing by.-. Tisland temples that showed like, ghosts through the mist, and:past havens which-they could not •win: ,Onthev,fled,andi: themenvrould gladly;, have lightened the slnp liy casting all the,.cargo..' .overboard; ..'iut-: : .the . .captain-:,watcheditfie;- hatehes with. a'sword and two ebronze-trpped; •spears-m ias hand:- He ivotild Kiik or with : ' the. ihip; nhe " wouldagoij- down'twith--. .Insiitreasure-i-or a*each J -Sidon^.:^hesii3ity?sofs JBioweis,^and build,a wtote iouee aiaong^he :%aheiw^rs®EyB.oStrei^andwyer3iyj agam beasais'ehe Vetiedsthecaptajn.: -tha'Sido- •nians tool heart and were glad like men Aom-death 0 they sacrificed arid poured-rorih- mneJjeforeilhedwarf-sods-onilie prow ; of ..their -vessel, -and -burned.aiicense on tKeiilitfle altari-: 1 :3h.: their;jmrth,>,and;ta:-;moek< :the^anderer,:tlieyiliung:-liis=eword.-andte 'Ehield against tlie roast^ aiid his quiver -and:lns: botVithfey^nayed-ai theiashion;of^ophy,;.: ; they,jnocked,him, supposm^ |hat;he-kneW; liefaiew. i.fco spoech ofthe people of Egypt ior^e':lmd:seen:-theeities,::of.manynien,-andhad irttftemwariiMiaiytifiim-iiiniB^'ia^ x many-alandmthegreatTrai j'tTne^idoniansyAoweveri-atbed's^ndi^poke^ 'freay- before3!im;^a^mg,:howjtheyj®erefbonnd 01 theneh -city of Earns, onthe banks of the riv«r 01 E'^.'pt, 1 ud iuw ttc ciprr.n muidedto pay his toll to Pharaoh with tne body and the armour of tlie WanSater Thttthe might ..lomae andAchaia, stolen liy slave-traders :mto bondage; now-theywould- touchat the white liavens of a jieaeefel 'e;fy: and .'.'gain tliey .would watch a. emo'ke on the sea-lme. all.eday,- ; rismg -black , into ; the - Jieavens , but by nightfall", the.; smoke, -would change! to-..avgreat;:iroarmg.efire:-' from,'• the'beacons of, a beleaguered ' island . town,--.:. the :' fire would.-,.blaze, on -.i;he -mdsts of' -tlie'-'ships of the besiegers, and show "blood-red on their safls, and'ghtteronthe gildedshields il^tt lined the-bulwarks of the-ships; But tlie Sidonians never,stopped till, one mght,: tliey-anchored "off a little isle that li£S aver ajjauiat the- mouth of thelsile.;. Off ,this isle they, moored the ship and: :slept, most of -them, ashore- ' : •: . .: •, -:•.:, '; Thenthe.Wanderer;,began to plot away to escape„. thougli. the enterprise seemed desperate enough.;,He was lymgin the darkness of the -hold, sleepless and sore with IIIB bonds, while his guard watched - under- an- awning" in " the moonlight on the .deck. They dreamed so little of his escaping that they visited'him only ibywatches, -now and.- again; and, as it-chanced; the man whose turn it was to see that all was secure fell asleep. Many a thought ; went through the prisoners mind; and'now- it seemed to him that the-vision \of : the goddess was'only, a-vision of; jsleep,/wluch .came,- as .they said," through, "the., falserGates:of rlvory, -and-not through- the. -Gates of . Horn. - bo -he' - was to live in. - slavery; - after alh a Icniij no longer, but a captive, toihng in the Egyptian -mines a - of Sinai, .-'or ii- at-'soldier at a palace gate, till he died Thus he irooded,'tilirontnof-'the-^stillness cameia'-thin,; iamt,. ithrffling- sounasirom-ithe-iow-that'-hun'g-- ;agamstthe i niaBl;overliishea(l;."the%ow-:tliat-he never thought to isteng again. There was a noise ;of aTsingu^, of "the howand: of<-Jhi9 string; aiid>thfi:Wordle3s song shaped itself thus uitheheart of the Wanderer — -Lo.'. the-hoiirismg-h"- " .- • • -•:-- ;... :' . -Andthe-tameto smite, - \---: • - "Wlicn the foe slinll fly e "- . . ;- : "- . .. - - , ^Trom the arrows flight!' : - - :': . :; Letthehrauzebitedeep \- : .:.-. e- "-. .: let the war-birds llv . .: \- ..'. " : • TTponthem.that sleep , . ..'-": \--- ---And are ripe to die- 1 .- - .--.-•;'•.,; Shnll and low • . Do tlie grey shafts smg-•. - . .-- •' \- The Song ofthe. bow. : . The sound of the strm^! . '. Then the. low- music died- into .the silence and Hie Wanderer "knew that -the nest sun-would not.set-on-the day of slavery, and ---that his: revenge was near; Hia bopas would be 110 barrier ,±0 his vengeance; they would break like burnt tow; he knew, m.the fire of his anger- JjOng smce,-m. lus old-.wamlenngdays, Calypso, : his love, had-taught him in the suinmet leisure, of her sea-girt isle how to tie knots that no mail; could, untie, and-to undo all the knots that men ; -can-bind. He remembered this lesson in the m^iit, when tjie bow -sang, of war- So lie thought: no- more..*-of - ,-eleepmg; bul; cunningly arid swiftly unknotted all the cordsand .the bonds- which -bound- him" to a bar of iron in the hold. Ho might have escaped, now. perhaps, .if he had stolen 0:1 deck without, waking the guards, dived-thence," and swam under, .water towards the island, where he might. • Jisvc mddea himself in the •bush. But he -desired-revenge -no - less- thanfreedom,and^•: had set his heart oncoming in a •ship:; of his own, and with all tha great treasure o£. the Sidomans,- before the Egyptian Erag. Withthis in -his mmd;he did notthrbw off the -cords, but let. them he on his arms and legs and about, his body, as if they were still tied fast. But he -rought against sleep; lest in moving "when lie. woke -he -might reveal - thetnck, and be :bound. ; So he lay. and waited-, and in the morning the sailors came on . board and inocked at him agaSiu . In his lnuth; one of-the -men .took a dish of -meat and of". lentilB, and set ita little out of the Wanderer's reach as he .lay boundj aud said in the jpliuemcian tongue .- " Mighty lord, art thou some^od of Javau ?" for so the faidomans called - the AchicaDS, '' and wilt thou deign to -. taste our - sacrifice.?. • Is -no the- savour-sweet -ui the nostrils of -mv lord ? "Wliy-will- he- not put forth his .haud to touch, our offering?" --••-. -: •.-.r , Then the heart of Odysseus muttered siillenly within lnm. in wrath at the -insolence-of the - man. But -he-constrained himself and Glniled, and said: . . - -. Wilt thou not hrm^ the- mess a• very- •little nearer, my- fnend, that I may smell the sweetincense ofthe sacrifice ?'?. - :. They were amazed when they heard him speak m their own - tongue; but lie who held' •the-dish -brought -it nearer, like a man that angers a dog^ now-otJermg the meat.'and' now taking it away. . Season jis~the.:j!na^i-.:was .^rathmireach; -the. Wanderer Sprang" -out,: the: loosened bonds fallingat his feet,-and smote . the sailor beneat h the ear- with Tiis-clenched-.fist. Hie blow was" fierce, for all his anger went mto it, that it crushed the "bone, and :drove the man against. -the mast of- the ship, so that the strong mast; shook. Where he fell there he iay, Ins feet kicking.tne floor of the hold m his death-: pam Then the Wanderer snatched from the" mast his bowand. his short sword, slung the quiver aboutlns shoulders; andran on to the raised decking.of the prow; - -, •; - . : : " :• (TO BE COXITKUED.) 