BEATRICE. B]3 H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTHOR OF " ZKing Solomon's Mieos," "Allan Quatermain," " Jess," "' She," " Mr'. Meeson's Will," -o. [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] CHAPTER XV.-(Continued). In another minute he had left the Vicarage and, with Beatrice at his side, was walking smartly towards the station. ' This is very melancholy,' he said, after a few moments' silence. 'Going away generally is,' she answered-' either for those who go or those who stay behind,' she added. ' Or for both,' he said. Then came another pause; he broke ' Miss Beatrice, may I write to you ?' ' Certainly, if you like.' ' And will you answer my letters ?' ' Yes, I will answer them.' ' If I had my way, then you should spend a good deal of your time in writing,' he said. ' You don't know,' he added earnestly, ' what a delight it has been to me to learn to know you. I have had no greater pleasure in my life.' 'I am glad,' Beatrice answered shortly. ' By the way,' Geoffrey said pre sently, 'there is something I want to ask you. You are as good as a re ference book for quotations, you know. Some lines have been haunt ing me for the last.12 hours, and I cannot remember where they come from.' ' What are they ?' she asked, look ing up, and Geoffrey saw, or thought he saw, a strange fear shining in her eyes. 'Here are four of them,' he answered unconcernedly; ' we have no time for long quotations : " That shall be to.morrow, Not to-night; I must bury sorrow Out of sight. " Beatrice heard-heard the very lines which had been upon her lips in the wild midnight that had gone. Her heart seemed to stop ; she became white as the dead, stumbled, and nearly fell. With a supreme effort she recovered herself. 'I think that you must know the lines, Mr. Bingham,' she said in a low voice, 'They come from a poem of Browning's, called "A Woman's Last Word." Geoffrey made no answer; what was he to say? For a while they walked on in silence. They were getting close to the station now. Separation, perhaps for ever, was very near. An overmastering desire to know the truth took hold of him. ' Miss Beatrice,' he said again, ' you look pale. Did you sleep well last night ?' ' No, Mr. Bingham.' 'Did you have curious dreams ?' ' Yes, I did. she answered, looking straight before her. He turned a shade paler. Then it was true ! ' Beatrice,' he said in a half whis per, ' what do they mean, what can they mean?' 'As much as anything else, or as little,' she answered. ' What are people to do who dream such dreams?' he said, again, in the same constrained voice. ' Forget them,' she whispered. ' And if they come back ?' ' Forget them again.' ' And if they will not be forgotten ?' She turned and looked him full in the eyes. 'Die of them,' she said; 'then they will be forgotten, or-' ' Or what, Beatrice?' ' Here is the station,' said Beatrice, ' and Betty is quarrelling with the flyman.' Five minutes more and Geoffrey was gone. CHAPTER XVI. THE FLA.T NEAR TIHE EDOWARE-ROAD. Geoffrey's journey to town was not altogether a cheerful one. To begin with, Effie wept copiously at parting with her beloved 'auntie,' as she called Beatrice, and would not be comforted. The prospect of rejoining her mother and the voluble Anne had no charms for Effie. They all three got on best apart. Geoffrey himself had also much to think about, and found little satisfaction in the think ing. He threw his mind back over the events of the past few weeks. He remembered how he had first seen Beatrice's face through the thick mist on the Red Rocks, and how her beauty had struck him as no beauty ever had before. Then he thought of the adventure of their shipwreck, and of the desperate courage with which she had saved his life, almost at the cost of her own. He thought, too, of that scene when on the following day he had entered the room where she was asleep, when the wandering ray of light had wavered from her breast to his own, when that strange presenti ment of the ultimate intermingling of their lives had flashed upon him, and when she had awakened with an unearthly greeting on her lips. One by one, while Effie slowly sobbed herself to silence in the corner opposite to him, he recalled every phase and scene of their ever-growing intimacy, till the review culminated in his mysterious experience of the past night, and the memory of Beatrice's parting words. Of all men Geoffrey was among those least inclined to any sort of superstition; from boyhood he had been noted for common sense, and a sdmewhat disbelieving turn of mind. But he had intellect, and imagination which is simply intellect etherealised. Without these, with his peculiar nentaf constitution, he would, for instance, probably have been a religious sceptic; having them, he was nothing of the sort. So in this matter of his experience of the previous night, and generally of the strange and almost unnatural sym pathy in which he found himself with this lady, common sense and the re sults of his observation and experi ence pointed to the whole thing being nonsense-the result of ' propinquity, Sir, propinquity,' and a pretty face and nothing more. But here his intellect and his imagination stepped in telling him plainly that it was not nonsense, that he had not merely made a donkey of himself over an hysterical or possibly a love-sick girl. They told him that because a thing is a mystery it is not necessarily a folly, though mysteries are for the most part dealt in by fools. They suggested that there may be many things and forces above us and around us, invisible as an electric current, intangible as light, yet ex istent and capable of manifestation under certain rare and favourable conditions. And was it not possible that such conditions should unite a woman like Beatrice, who combined in herself a beauty of body which was only out passed by the beauty of her mind? It was no answer-to say that most women could never inspire the un earthly passion with which he had been shaken some ten hours past, or that most men could never become aware of the inspiration. Has not humanity powers and perceptions de nied to the cattle of the fields, and may there not be men and women as far removed from their fellows in this respect as these are from the cattle ? . But the weak point of mysterious occurrences is that they lead nowhere, and do not materially, alter the facts of life. One cannot, for instance, plead a mystery in a court of law; so, dropping the imaginative side of the question as one beyond him, he came to its practical aspect, only to find it equally thorny. Odd as it may seem, Geoffrey did not to this moment know the exact position which he occupied in the mind of Beatrice, or that she occupied in his. He was not in love with her, at least not in a way in which he had ever experienced the influence of that, on the whole, inconvenient and dis agreeable passion. At any rate he argued from the hypothesis that he was not in love with her. This he refused to admit now in the light of day, though he had admitted it fully in the watches of the night. It would not do to admit it. But he was forced to acknowledge that she had crept into his life and possessed it so completely that then and for months afterwards, except in deep sleep or in hours of severe mental strain, not a single half hour would pass without bringing its thought of Beatrice. Everything that'was beauti ful, or grand, or elevating, reminded him of her-and what higher com pliment could a mistress have ? If he listened to glorious music, the voice of Beatrice spoke to him through the notes; if he watched the clouds rol ling in heavy pomp across a broken sky he thought of Beatrice; if some chance poem or novel moved him, why Beatrice was in his mind to share the pleasure. All of which was very interesting, and in, some ways delight ful, but under our system not other wise than inconvenient to a married man. And now Beatrice was gone and he must come back to his daily toil, sweet ened by Honoria's bitter complaints of their poverty, and see her no more. The thought made Geoffrey's heart ache with a physical pain, but his reason told him that it was best so. After all, there were no bones broken ; there had been no love scenes, no kiss, no words that cannot be recalled; whateverthere waslay beneath the sur face, and while appearances were kept up all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy, but then hypocrisy is one of the great pillars of civilisa tion, and how does it matter what the heart says while the lips are silent? The Recording Angel can alone read hearts, and he must often find them singularly contradictory and untrust worthy writings. Die of them, die of her dreams ? No Beatrice would not die of them, and certainly he should not. Probably in the end she would marry that pious earthly lump, Owen Davies. It was not pleasant to think of, it was even dreadful, but really if she were to ask him his opinion, 'as a friend,' he should tell her it was the best thing that she could do. Of course it would be hypocrisy again, the lips would give his heart the lie; but when the heart rises in rebellion against the in telligence it must be suppressed. Un fortunately, however, though a small member, it was very strong. They reached London at last, and as had been arranged, Anne, the French bonne, met them at the station to take Effie home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter and less to his taste than ever. However, she embraced Efflie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the same time carried on an ocular flir tation with a ticket collector. Al though it was so early ip the year for fogs, London was plunged in a dense gloom. It had been misty that morn ing at Bryngelly, and become more and more so as the day advanced; but though it was not yet 4 c'clook, London was dark as night. Luckily, however, it is not far from Padding ton to the flat near the Edgware Road, where Geoffrey lived, so hav ing personally instructed the cabman, he left Anne to convoy Effle and the luggage, and went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with an easy mind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chambers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as had been arranged, not his uncle--who was, he learned, very un well-but a partner. To his delight he then found that Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly accurate; the boy with the missing toe-joint had been discovered who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the blind ; moreover, the truth had been wrung from him, and he would be produced at the trial- indeed a proof of his evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ex-law= yer's clerk's handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two experts to be identical with the writ ing on the will. One thing, however, disturbed him: neither the Attorney General nor Mr. Candleton was yet in town, so no conference was possible that evening. However, both were expected that night-the Attorney General from Devonshire, and Mr. Candleton from the Continent; so the case being the first on the list it was arranged that the conference should take place at ten o'clock on the following morning. (To be continued on 1'hurs(lay.) 