CHAPTER IX.—THE END OF THE DAY. Mr. Vanderspur had not gone to bed as his daughter very confidently told Dominic Gair that he had when the young gentleman had suggested seeing him that evening. Mr. Vanderspur had changed his programme entirely, and proved him- self far from the slave of habit. Since Fortuna had returned to. him he had always gone early to bed, almost immedi- ately after his dinner, a man worn out with the length of the day and the fatigues which he had encountered in it. He had been punctilious to the minute as to his time for retiring, and therefore it was with no small surprise that Fortuna found her father snugly ensconced in his easy chair by the fire in his bedroom. The nights were cold towards the end of August at North Scarborough in Mr. Van- derspur's estimation, and not without fair reason sometimes, and Mr. Vanderspur's constitution required keeping particularly warm. He was reading when Fortuna came in and stood on the threshold regarding him with no small surprise. She had entered cautiously for fear of awaking him if he had fallen asleep, but he was quick of hearing and turned round with a pleased smile. " Sitting up !" she exclaimed, " oh, dad, is this right ?" " It is not late," he said, " It is—for you." " It was for me in the old days of probation—of suspense, Fortuna," he said ; " but this is the beginning of the new life." " Is it ?" " Don't you think so ?" " To me it is a continuation of the old wherein we have been happy," she replied. " Ah ! but there was no confidence between us. You did not know the truth. And," he added, closing his book and laying it aside, " the truth has not scared any of the love out of your heart ?" " No." " Nor any of the respect—and reverence which a child should have for its father ?" Fortuna did not answer this. She was not quite certain, perhaps, that there was any reverence in her heart for this dilapi- dated commercial plunger. A daughter's love for him, pity for his weakness, his punishment, his malady, were all there, but reverence ! That was a high-flown term for a man whose business relations had been rather more than " shady," and who was only three months ago doing his " bit of time," as his contemporaries at Woking flippantly designated their penal servitude. " You will find me a good daughter," she said evasively ; " we shall trust each other—there will be no secrets between us." " N—no," he said doubtfully for instant and to her surprise, " of course, perfect confidence and trust—we shall make a touching picture till the end comes." " And that may be far off, with time and care and attention, dad." " I hope it may be, but I doubt it," he answered ; " those prison wretches would have never let me go if there had been the ghost of a hope that there was much life left in me. I know them." And his open hand fell on a small table at the side with a very forcible thwack. " Still you are free," said Fortuna quietly, " and should be grateful." " Well, well—I am grateful for the change, certainly," he answered ; " who wouldn't be with a grain of sensibility in him ? Why do we talk of this to night, child ? I have been sitting up ever so much beyond my usual time to hear what this young man—Gair, I think, you intimated was his name—had to say about it all." " Is it not too late ?" " Not at all. I am very wakeful ; restless, possibly." " I thought to-morrow morning——" " Oh, no ; not to-morrow," he explained ; " I am anxious—nervous. You insisted upon his hearing the exact position of affairs. Well, how does he like it ?" " He is a hero," said Fortnna en- thusiastically ; "I hardly expected so much generosity from him. I was pre- pared even for his saying, 'This must end. Your life is In shadow ; I cannot share it with you.' " " Did he not make any excuse to with- draw ? Promise to consider it and—and let you know presently ? Nothing of that kind ?" " Nothing. He is just the same trust- ful, honest, loving Dominic whom I have ever known." " Oh, is he ?" replied the father some- what dismally Fortuna thought. For he sighed heavily and his face did not light up as if in response to her enthusiasm. " He wished to come to-night and assure you of his unalterable affection for me, but I told him that the hour was too late." " Good girl—always considerate for me," he murmured ; " you did quite right. I do not want to see him." " He is coming to-morrow morning." " Oh, Lord, is he ? He must be a dreadfully fussy young man this," he said. " Why cannot he wait a few weeks —say a few days, then—without seeing me ? Cannot he comprehend that it is a most distressing topic to discuss ?" " He only wishes to assure you that there is nothing in the world that can change in any way his love for me." " I will take his word for it," her father said eagerly. " Tell him so, Fortuna, will yon ? That is quite sufficient." Fortuna looked disappointed ; the old sad look came back to her. " He would prefer to see you. He wishes to see you. He shall see you," she said with an extra degree of emphasis that made her father start and regard her fur- tively beneath his wiry eyebrows. " Very well," he said with a sigh ; " just as you please." " You will like him very much. Every- body likes Dominic Gair," she said. " He has hosts of friends—too many friends, most likely—and not an enemy in the world." " Lucky young devil !" muttered Mr. Vanderspur. Fortnua regarded her father very critically. His manner that night had perplexed her not a little ; there was a difference in him as well as in his powers of endurance, and everything was chang- ing with her own career and his. And all the changes were not certainly to be admired. Here was a touch of harlequin's wand that had not altered things wholly for the better, unless her judgment was at fault. "Father," she said gravely, " you ara not glad that Dominic is true to me ?" "No, I am not glad, Fortnna," he confessed. " I did not want him to know my history—It was not his bdslness—and knowing It I should not have been sorry if he had cancelled the engagement." "For my sake?" " For my own," he replied, " for he will take you away from me presently, and always—from this very nlaht, in faot—he will stand between you and me—before me even—taking the first place In your heart." "Well?" "If "he and you had parted I should have had you to myself, you see ; to love and cherlBh always," he added quickly, lest Fortuua Bhould think him a trifle selfish In his calculations. " I am with you all your life," answered Fortnna. "If yon love me, that will content you. And afterwards It shonld be to you a con solation that you leave me in good hands." "For mercy's sake, child, don't talk of ' afterwards,' or look forward to that," he said with a strong shiver; " or I shall see you watching me closely—just as you are looking now—and be fancying that I read your thoughts, ' How long Is this man going to live ;' being one of them always." " Yon are ungenerous In your estima tion of me," said Fortnna, laying her band upon his shoulder; " this Is hardly the father who Bpoke of his penitence and of hlB love to me only this morning. Who told me the secret of his life and thought that lb would frighten me away from him. Who said ' God bless you' when I told him that hlB life was one which I would alwayB Bhare." The head was bent a little forward as if In Bhame, and the thin lips murmnred— " I say God bleBB you once again, For tnna ; and with all my heart, God knows, I aBk that blessing of Him." "Amen," said Fortnna, stooping down and kissing him, "and now good night." " Good-night, my dear,", he said. "You must not mind whab I have been saying—1 have been upset. This 'has been a great day of trial to ns, and I have said things very likely that I did nob mean. When there Is a whirl of events, as it were, people do speak carelessly and absently, Yon are not angry with me now, Fortuna ?" "I have nob been angry at all," "You are very good, bub I do not deserve your goodness. We will see Mr. Gair to-morrow as early as he likes to come. "Yes" "Any time most convenient to him. Of course he will keep our secret—not prate about It to any of his friends. He under stands that perfectly of course ?" "Yes. Be understands." " Then I will try to like him for my daughter's sake." " You will like him for his own," she answered. Mr. Vanderspur was not so certain of that, bnb he did not contest the point. He rose and opened the door for his daughter's egress with great politeness, he kissed her sgaln and "said good night, he watched her pass Into the room next his own, and from which he had calculated that he could arouse her- by knocking against the wall, if he were ill—as he thought he might be one day—he stood on the landing after she had closed the door, considering, wondering, praying even that all might have happened for the bent. The house of Pith was still astir. There waa a vlaibor tinkling on the piano in the-drawing-room, and he conla hear voices and laughter downstairs. The world did not Beem so very bad a place after Woking Prison—a libble larger and with a heap of unnecessary talk in It that was all. Some one was coming npstalrs and he stepped back out of the way, but did not close the door. Perhaps It was Pith, and he felt Inclined to say good night to Pith before he shot himself in till the next day. Bat here was a new arrival, he knew all the faces of the company at Green Mount Bouse by heart, and this was a new man without a doubt. As the stranger came to the top of the first long flight of stairs he bestowed on Mr. Yanderspnr a keen swift glance, and that gentleman Immediately backed against the Btalrcase wall and gasped forth with astonishment, perhaps fear— " Marney," he whispered. 44 My God —Marney 1" 41 Yanderspnr," said his old partner; "It Is youthen ?" " You have come back. Yon ! After all these years. Are you not afraid ?" " No, 1 am not afraid." 