CRUMBS. Innings of non-Unionists. Coal ooming from abroad. Oanlfield Cup—Vengeance. Won by " the shortest of beads." How did Ellen Cunningham die ? The race was won in the last stride. _ Was that a free pnbliciMis' petition? Prospect of a water famine is Sydney. , Another of the year's racing events over. ■ The working maw has had an eye-opener. No ohanoe of that £20,000 loan coming now. Mr. Dobbie would be a fortune to a dentist, A seat in the Adelaide Stock Exchange sold for £600. A cargo of coal lost for the Melbourne Gas Company. Tom had better keep the whole school in till . Christmas. What an awful offenoe it is to tell the truth to the Times. Closing up the ranks and economising the ammunition. How will Sydney like the blame of losing the labour battle? Hon. Samuel Tomkiiison again in the field for Alderman. Adelaide Unionists are full up of Sydney mismanagement. Sir Henry Parkes's Treasurer doubled his surplus in a year. Melbourne Trades Hall admit that labour has been defeated. Brisbane labour party is rid of the would-be common hangman. Employers will need to be careful over the federation business. Strike has absolutely collapsed in New Zea land and Tasmania. Opening the door for monopolists with their land-grant scheming. Dispute in the milling trade in Victoria as to freedom,of contract. Mr. Giles's tinkering with the Land Tax ignominiously rejected. According to Baptist Green, some church people are sly drinkers. Will Democrats allow the control of railways tapass from the State ? It is very desirable that there should be a good Park on the Hills. Haddonrig shearing sheds destroyed by fire. Sunday-schools are a factor in the religious education of the young. ' The land question has received an additional impetus from the strike. The G.O.M. is prepared to run a crusade for the persecuted Hebrews. Tasmanian Unionists have acted for them selves and gone to work. Tom need not grow tomatoes while Gordon is about to supply sauce. Now we have found out who supplied the phrase, "TomatoTom." Remember Shirley Baker of Tonga, and be ware of political parsons. Settling' vermin is what is wanted. Good country will Bettle itself. Labour party in Sydney was muoh upset over the marine engineers. What good can come of the continuance of the sympathetic strike here? Before there was a real ooal famine the victory was practically won. An epigram for the times—All men are equal on and under the turf. _ Excursions will be available to chango Unionists into free labourers. The virtue of a Unionist nowadays is not what he does, but does not do. The ballot-box of Australia will yet initiate radical experiments in politics. " Mr. Harrold is a working capitalist and should be on the side of labour." Parsons will be pleased to be the friends of Socialists, but not at their prioe. Canon Howell has been presented with a. purse of 100 sovs. at Wellington. Victorian Speaker had an opportunity of comparing ourstonewalling tactics. Council is to be told not to meddle with the test clauses of the Corporations Bill. . Mr. Horn proposes to refer the Brewers' Monopoly Bill to a Select Committee. The Opposition is growing virulent about the increasing popularity of the Ministry. Coal miners are becoming disgusted with the Sydney mismanagement of the strike. The place where Cunningham's body was. found was searched a fortnight before. Coal trade will be disposed to leave Australia, for the Malay Archipelago before long. What has religious education _ to do with, mechanical and industrial expositions ? It does irritate the jealous young Council attorney to hear a man called " Honest." In the midst of our plenty let us remember the pangs of hunger of the Irish children. Archbishop Carr has complimented the Australian workman on bis self-restraint. The owner of Vengeance cleared £20,000 over his win. That's not to be sneezed at. The new commandments—" Thou shall drink no wine" and "Thou sbalt hold no land." The order for a day's levy to the strike fund is distressing many a family in our midst. The cost and delays of telegraphic communi cation are great obstacles to strike leaders. Why play the game to the last piece? The result of the possible moves can be foreseen. Corporations not at all pleased with the Legislative Council for mutilating their Bill. Inspector Parkes's report is published on our mining prospects on the Leigh s Creek route. Parliament should assist the Railway Com missioners in inducing traffic .on the southern line. The Melbourne leaders recognise that it will take years for Unionism to recover its pres tige. A cablegram to John Burns, who does not believe in strikes, about the mismanaged affair here. South Australian Trades Unionism is as superior to other stuff as the east is from the west Many Churches have to run on the much to-be-said-on-both-sides policy in labour ques tions. The Hon. John Hannah cannot forgive the. Government for even carrying out his own ideas. Talk of the Government be-iittling the. Council, the Council itself eaves them the trouble. Are Duncan & Eraser, Barlow Brothers,'and' others going to shut up as a result of Gilmore's lecture? It is only by some outrage on publio feeling, that we are reminded of the existenoe of the Council. The labour leaders should restore as many of the true and loyal followers to work as speedily as possible. Dr. Magarey got plenty of cheers from the procession when standing on bis balcony on Saturday. Saturday's Caulfield winners: — Acnshla^ Submission, Doncaster, Vengeanoe, Acrobat^ and Newton. There would have been a very different issue to the strike had matters rested with Adelaide, management. The TTillfl line was partly built to give city folks an opportunity to enjoy the bracing mountain air. Ironmasters' Association in Victoria have gone in for freedom of contract and reduced overtime pay. arranged, to leave for America on October 1 to initiate the new campaign. Would it not show the wise men of Dublin the way out,ofgravodiggers' boyoott by intro ducing cremation!, c. Pious Meljiottrhe takes the cake. She deolines tx>,6jignher library, mnseum, and art gallery CnSundaysl The 'late' Government, which made such a aon^ 'hbbut^ free , education, furnishes the f^Ipjrtric^^unciiB of lesB than three years of agn will get SO per cent, subsidy, all others and Comorations 25 per cent. ' Private telephones between the Australian capitals wonld.be worth more than an English loan to'the Btrike leaders. • ' ■ The audacity of the Council to suppose it is a part of the people's Parliament after reject ing the Munioipal Reform Bill. If there was anything to gain by the con tinued extension of the strike, the privations might be more cheerfully borne. : . Different sects are like different classrooms in the onebig sohool; they represent stages of growth and expressions of ideas. \- If the Government could only get Mr. Dobhie to .hypnotise the contending parties so that their fangs might be drawn. The prospects of agriculturists in all parts of South Australia may be said (says the Northern Argus J to be highly satisfactory. The treatment of Brownhill Creek Reserve ■sliows the.need of a better plan for preserving and beautifying the Belair Park. . Imagine the superlative cheek of a little : "attorney sneering at another man's occupation though it were that of a shoeblack. i ' Because a publican at Port Pirie supplied stores to a boycotted steamer, his bar was almost deserted on Saturday night. .. The fattening of a prize beast for a Show, and the feasting of a public man for an orna mental office, are singular parallels. ' The late Primate s relation to an English Kiaknnn'n a«tfW»aa4>a • nrnn^cmm* Wnok'n Jaia/1 bishopric suggests the wandering Noah's bird which could not find a resting- place. ' It does not look as if single tax was progress In, l„,nw *1.1. WnnlJ. ing to let speculators mop up the people s in ir bits of iron. heritance in the interior for 1 The fatal illness of Mr. A. Lamb, M.P., was . brought about by overwork and worry, principally in connection with the strike. . The Trades Hall ignore Mr. Champion; but ! "according to the published opinions of the j leaders, they donotmaterially differ from him. " Mr. Gilmore, who considers it such an offence to ride in a carriage, was once seen to ride in one—somebody elm's—a long time I : The most remarkable invention of modern times is the gas gun ; but the Giffard was anti cipated long ago by the Parliamentary gas -^be he superiority of Adelaide Unionism is through the conciliatory feelings which were J 'being cultivated between the leaders of both sides. . 1 The mists of religious idealism are entranc ing to poetical minds, but most men must | dwell upon such practical things as strikes and politics. . A four-million-sterling block of silver is a striking result at Broken Hill. "Striking blocks" down here are running into large figures of "Siller" lost. Perth will have plenty of congratulations and few visitors.- Premier, Mayor, and Rev. Hi T. Burgess have congratulated the sister colony on attaining to responsible government. Melbourne consumes about 60,000 tons of Newcastle coals monthly. The quantity or dered from Japan will last about two months at present contracted consumption. Old John Dunn eays-.—"It is about fifty years ago since I first read the Register, and I have been reading it ever since, and I read it from end to end." That accounts for his great age. A Cockbumite writing in the country Press speaks bf .the moderation and impartiality of . the present Opposition. But that was penned before Thursday night's disgraceful proceed ings. , . 7 " Another was a reference to the washing of the Saviour's feet with tears, the little writer, with an evident talent for descriptive writing, adding,'and she' rubbed them well with vase line.7 M The Age is of opinion that if the shipowner does not'show himself at least as ready to con ciliate, as he' has proved himself to fight, the State mUBt help labour by way of a loan or otherwise. ' The dear little man in the Council, who talks in blank verse'and sneers in measured tones, ' liad probably been reading a familiar ironical description of the late Premier, and tried to outrival him, with the result that the old Conneillors Slippered him. "Undersocialism, monarchies, aristocracies, and the clergy would have to go. If the clergy were willing to reform the old-fashioned creeds and make them harmonize with modern ideas —if they would do away with religious super stition and preach common sense and reason— Socialists might be their friends." Isn't that a libel on the science, Glasson ? From Coonabarbran comes the message from Patrick Rogers: — " Shearers' Union take notioe—Should you call out on strike the shearers now shearing at Bomera, Garrawilla, and Goorianawa, I will declare for free labour under the auspices of the Union Jack, and will take the front and annihilate your Union in all the colonies. Hurrah for Imperial Federa tion !" Memorabilia.—This is how the ancient Greeks on the 16th day of Maimacteripn com memorated their victory over the Persians at Plateea. The cavalcade began at daybreak, preceded by a trumpet denoting the signal of battle. Several chariots followed filled with garlands and ^branches of myrtle. Next a black bull was led for sacrifice. The young who were freeborn followed bearing vessels of wine and milk, and the procession closed with the Archon of Plataea in his purple robes bearing in his hand a water-pot with which he laved the monumental piUers. The ceremony terminated a sacrifice to Jupiter, liberator and libations to the men who perished in defence of their country and its inestimafale liberties. Obituaries.—Bishops Latimer and Ridley perished at the stake October 16, 1536. .Auto-' aa-fe. Relic of the comparative dark ages.—' It is known that the poetic genius of Robert Bums was pretty considerably stimulated by the effusions of his countryman Robert Fer rgusson, who, poor fellow, was educated at the University of St. Andrews for the ministry, jibbed, fell into habits of dissipation, wrote lots of poems for Ruddiman's Weekly Magazine, possessed unusually attractive conversational powers, even for a Scotchman, got into bad company, lost his moral seif-oontrol and his. reason, and died .in a madhouse at Edinburgh, October 16," 1774. ' Memorabilia.—On October 17, 1346, while' Edward III., with all his .chivalry. was encamped before Calais, with a view to estab lishing his claim to the crown of France, his Queen, Philippa of Hainault, alarmed by , an incumon of the Soots, went forth to . meet them with a powerful and weU-equipped army. The opposing forces met at Neville s Gross, in Durham. Philippa animated _ her followers with an heroic harangue, and gained a splendid victory at the cost of only, a few thousand human lives. In this engagement David IL of Scotland was taken prisoner and removed to the Tower, where he was accommodated with board and lodging gratis tor fifteen years. Obituaries. —Athelstan, King of England, died October 17, 940. Two years before this a league was formed against him by the Danes, Soots, and other nations, but they were com pletely routed. During Athelstan's reign of sixteen years he decreed that every mer chant who had made three voyages should be made a thane or nobleman ; and he cauBedthe Bible to he translated into the Saxon language, and one copy to beplacod in every Church. Memorabilia.— Tradition Bays that the Evangelic Luke was crucified at Patras upon an olive-tree on October 18, A.D., 63, or according to Nicephonus in 74. Eusebius and Jerome say that he was a native of Antiocb, and it is pretty well known that he wrote his md the Gospel and the Acts of the Apostles in the Province of Achaia.—On October 18, 1564, Captain John Hawkins sailed from Plymouth with four vessels for the coast of Africa, and thence to the West Indies. This was the first English adventure in that atrocious commerce, the slave trade. "Am I not a man and a brother ?" "No, in course not; you are only a black rascal." Mais nous avons chanqi tout tela. Obituaries.—There have been more Moores in the world than Sir John Moore—Moore, the poet, and Hannah Moore. One more was Edward Moore,, who was the author of the once popular tragedy "The Gamester," "Gil Bias, and some more dramas. Moore was also Editor of a weekly, paper entitled The World. But, like a great many more, he did not make a fortune with his pen, but died in the prime of life, October 18,1757, and the place that onoe knew him knows lum no more.—There were unusual geniuses living a hundred years ago. Among them was Stephen Henry Mehul, who first saw the light in 1763, and who expired October 18,1817. He was the friend of Gluke, and some of his operas, especially "Euphro syne" and "Coradin," were immensely popular,' Memorabilia]— ' ■ ' ' " Sublime tobacco, which from east to west, Cheers tbe tar's labours andthe Turkman's.rest-. . Divine in hookas, glorious in a pipe, , When tipped with amber, mellow, rich; and ripe. Now, then, ye inhalers of a bottle of smoke par diem, who contemplate setting the above to music, what say ye to the following" On i October 20, 1616, Peter Campbell signed hie lost will and testament providing that his son should he 'disinherited of the property be queathed him hereby if at any time he shall bo found takihgof tobacco.'" Possibly Master Peter Campbell had beard that old Puritan's sermon against the use of tobaoco and, coffee who exclaimed " they surround themselves with the Smoke of the infernal regions before ; their time and drink a beverage which God made black that it might bear the devil's 1 colour." Go it, leather lungs. Obituaries.—Was it bv accident or design that two Charles VI.'s died on the same day of the same month! Fact. Charles VL of France, surnamed "The Well Beloved" and "The Simple," departed this life October 20, 1422\. You may remember that there were lots of squabbles during his reign for the succession between the rival houses of Orleans and Bur gundy, and that Henry V. took advantage of these disputes to show them what British pluck was made of by invading France.—That other Charles VI. was Emperor of Germany, who joined the great majority October 20, 1740\. He, too, was the' cause of a row about "the divine right;" for'you must know, or ought to' know, that Charley was the son of his oim father, the Emperor,Leopold I., who in 1703 declared him King of Spain, which led to the. European war known as that of "The Spanish Succession." Memorabilia.—Yes. It was on October 21, 1805, that England's greatest' naval hero, Horatio Nelson, died in the arms of victory off Cape Trafalgar. Now, ye patriots, juBt liBten to what Southey, his biographer, has. to say ': about' ft." "Thd'.people of England grieved thai funeral'ceremonies, and' public mbnri rnents, and posthumous rewards wete all which thfey Could now bestow upon him, whom the King, the Legislature, ana the nation would have alike delighted to, honour, whom every tpngue would have blessed] whose presence in every village through which he might have passed would have awakened the Church bells, naVO given Schoolboys a holiday, have ■ drawn children from their sports to gaze upon him, and old men from the chimney corner to look uponNelson ere they died. Obituaries.—There have been more than one ] Julius Caesar in this breathing world.- Thus, Julius Caesar Scaliger breathed his last October j 21, 1558, aged 74. He was a man of extra . ordinary acquirements in both science and the learned languages.—Henry Lawes was an intimate friend of Milton,' and, being a ■ professional musician, he set the music to Milton's "Mask of Comus" as well as the songs of Waller and other poets. But he happened to depart this life October 21, 1662, aged 62. Curious .enough, Waller himself gave up the ghost October 21, 1687.— Samuel Foote, the onoe famous dramatic writer and actor, made his exit October 21, 1777, aged 57\. Foote broke his leg in 1766, and ifcis said that he broke his heart on account of a criminal charge brought against him, though he was acquitted by the Jury. He was known as the English Aristophanes, and Dr. Johnson said — "For loud obstreperous broad-faced , mirth lie had no equal." Obituaries.—If you fancy that to shed tears for the loss of a shovel is silly, listen. Sir Uloudesley Shovel lost his life on the rocks of Scillv, October 22,1707. From the position of a cabin-boy he rose to that of an Admiral. He was Knighted and created Rear-Admiral by William III. for his gallant conduct against, the French at the Battle of Bantry Bay. He took a distinguished part in the victory of La Hogue, and in that of Malaga in 1704. The next year he had the command of the fleet in the Mediterranean-and contributed to the talcing of Barcelona. But now comes the tragic denouement. In 1707 he set sail for I Old England, but while dreaming of the joysof home a terrible cry startled his ear at mid birrlif Thb A rltnlraro ehi'n tiamru^ Abbaaio. I night. The Admiral's ship, named the Associa tion, and several others struck upon the rocks of Scilly, and "all was lost." Memorabilia. — Dean (afterwards Bishop) Berkeley made the tour of Europe during 1717 and the three folowihg years. In a letter to Pope, dated from Naples October 22,1717, he Bays:—"The Island Inarime is an epitome of the whole earth, containing within the com pass of eighteen • miles a wonderful variety -of hills, vales, ragged rooks, fruitful plains, and barren mountains,-all thrown together in a. most romantic confusion. The inhabitants of this deliciouB isle, as they are without riches and honours, so are they with ,out the vices and follies that attend them, and were'-they but as. much strangers to'revenge as they are to avarice and ambition, they might in fact ahswer the poetical notions, of the golden agei But they have got as an alloy to their happiness an ill-habit of murderingone another On slight offences.® ; Oh, my. 