i K , IMovdtet* /THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ou, * Iiiuly €lictMy»d's Sycctrc. .» BY MRS. 1IAHIUET LEWIS,, . ^ i 'OHAPTEU' XVI. LADYJ)IAl£v KOMHWICK. ' 'JjSily Diana North wick, celebrati.il foi her beauty and scintillniil wit, was a most ac ,'.' w ~ comphshed coquette and woman of society , i\t and Lady tfortcBcuc might well fool appro \- 4 bcnsivo lest the gicat explorer, bo lone un used to ladles' socioty, should fall n victim ti) her all urine beaut v. But, tbo distinguished explorer seemed by no means ready to fall upon his knees a cap two to the charms of Ladv Diana. IIo if1 gnrded her with a cool ej nicism thai piqued her, nnd yet his manner was full jf a gonltc ,, courtesy tint showed tbat he had not always been a stranger to a lady's drnwing room. Lady Diana was greatly .impressed with Ins appcuiance. It would be soinettmg, ebo-thougbt, with the- nistinsta of tbo coquette all aroused by Jjiei-co-ol oj mcistn, to bring a man Iiko this lo her feet. 'I would hkrflo subdue his pride,' thought the bcaiitiftil coquette. ' I can do _»t, auS1 1 « ill ! By tho by, I wondei if there's a Mrs. Tempest ? My success will hinge upon that ' She. soon had an opportunity to satisfy her curiosity. As aha was slovvlv promenading with Tempest, he made a remark about having no friends or lclntivts in England. 11 l'ardon mo,' said Lady Diana, ' but you excite my curiosity. Have you uo family ties, Mr. Tempest ?' ' None -fthate\er, Lady Dinna.' Lid\ Diina looked surprised, but in her heart bhe was plemd. JItr object of sub liuing this li lughty c^ nico,! cUcbrit3' wns not likelv to bo interfiled with by a posiinlo Mm Tempest. Tempest's wit wai is bnllmnt ns her own And they became ibs ibcd in convcrsntinn, which they kept up until the httlo ftrnerv whore they had padded becime tilled with groups -f loycri, and they then returned to the d rutting room They presently bp( atne 3epiratto, and did not uiocfc acain throughout the evening until Lidy Di«ni c-\ine down from the diess mg roJiu, slirotnltd in n white oucra cloak and hood, when Tunpnh* Blepp^d forward ?with grave. courtoby ami ollcttil lu r his aim to conduct her to her cirnage. Lord lenrn niour Rprnnp forward just an instant ton laic. Lid) Umnnlaid horlittle gloved hiud ou 1'empcbt's arm, awl walked beside \\\\\xn ? yijt nt the open dooiway, down tho carpeted *', Btone BtepB undei the gay awning, %and was 'jnssiatcd by the returned traveller into her carriage. [Shc tfeslowed upon him a bewitching smile, aAd asked him to oil upon her at hei house inH'aik L'lue, saying tint she would alwavBli at home to him.. Tempest accepted V: aiJa ImvS ml inn o'l'urf! v^flnfl ? Knwihff' fli»nnlv_ stepped Y»ck, giving place to Lord Tenta mour, nlu, with a dispknsril air, onlcrtd tho carrhgo, as it lollcdawaj, , Tempest nscenJed tie steps ind re entered tho house, grimly smlmt,'. ?'TS^ day after Lid) rorlescuE'' party Lady Diana Korthwiek -Uiorl nl one of the broad, lilnte gUss Trenfli mndaVre of her own drawing room in Ik r stately houba nt South Audlcv '-Lrcet, looking out idly yet/with an expettaiicy iinknon n to hcis»lf Before tho buyht he irth atooil her lover, tov whom she vvis mid lo bn betrothed — [Lord Tentamour. Jit wns evidently uri tated and nnnoved One might have deemed that tho noble )-w hnVibpcn i|uirreling, but for tho qiuil unpinMVcnibB of tm- Ifldj's cold and hiugoly fnco und tlm px prcssion of wenuntss in her rnatruilii int inmoeyeB. 'I beRin to believe that pi'nplo in1 n»ht, )mna, and thut -ou liavii no lie irt,' snul lord' Tentamnnf. bitterly. 'V-n have lay eil fast nnrt lonw with mo for j ear's , )\i have nlivays held ma at arms' length, id treated mo ukiip as nn ordinary friend an as your acc'p'Pd lover and promised sbartd.v 1 am tiuil of nil tins. ' ' If you nio ' tired of Ml tl i- ' ' taid Lndy ina, coldli 'you em flm; ill my Okies, I will glfi you bin k \our libeitv. the wholj'i pollmps tbnt coarb6 migb't be i.JTetug9lo.5-«*epMt T'cntdliorii Ccnti .{''fliiJifngr} II 'i-.li deppeninir in Ins fuee. ann, jou ore orui I. 1 bt'uv\i\ a3 peoplu that \ on wd? bciiu vvithnut a lieirt. t been join lutrolhed husband f )' more tlmn I liki to cjuiit You arq not i,g mo vm II T Ictniml tint our kiv emont terminate nt oimoiii inirmun, 1 give roil n jfurth' r fiuic T()ii aliail mo within i month ' y Diana's pute pile duols kin lied imc rfl JTentnmowr furfpfR lu whom ho is (/.'she siul ii ilv ' I bu.'L'isL fill ndship B'e'k iv brul* in liukvv I out iftii of J nrke/ n la ly !?- i'Iovw 1 i in reinoU to In r own niirrmt.f ole of txiii^i'' 1 nk dins iuL be i /{do not intend to he nwrri din stunl If \fu»o luleu 1 you mini ther bride thnn I ' vro veo fond o); vour liberty,' sal I Hp, with nelight Mmost unperctp r. ' Awl'tvliat use lo j mi i i1 ?' of are .a cnqwUc, whoso onli oh] ct 0 piny Hi pai t of n f ilrffi In v in, ion to tluli iu n \ C\n \\-m (ruth 1 Hiat_vin;^1lijjn«ilpliv tin to t night with tlitii lisvV-tUon^hiB, plorer~»a»UTeppcBlJ' '»» '*? f ft T|iullimJonLul- Diuiii'b diuks buint yet mole vividly. ' J. have nol nppoiulcd }ou my father eon tei-e-Qi,Tjoid Tantimoui,' she hftld, looVing moro aitcntivrh from tho windon. ' I wns civ.l I) t is Htun, dnik btuwed trivellor, Buaieel) uioie. ' 'You eilt it bare elvltltv to dvvoto to linn a full hour out ol jour evening- to quctiuu hi a lu io{.ard to Ins adventures— lo npp ur nfttd ami Unillcd and delightid by tmtiviii ? U- ixhlbll an inteicst. in him )ou'ri\teli ixhllut towiidt. evin me?' Bind ford Imtviliui, with jimIous velieinuici. ' I S4.ii Ihut ton Mi intiiistud in luui. I insist, l-iuiiu, lU^l a Bto^ bo%put to join coijiietties. . I (luimnd- nijiiln that j ur en^nuoincnt In mu bo fuHt'cd inimcdi Uol- f \S11I not vv.ut^foi JduN lunger. Uu »t Heaven ' Ljnk at tUu jinn f li«i\o wasted In duiuinsfnttcnd'anio iipon.j'ou Mv bub piMiso must unuo ti d ly. YiAi miibt n imo duv bililil dav.' ' ,x ylll M 0 J'J UO' ^ pibstll, uiu itu nni|i «y Jiuneil i fl'i-atoiivl mi lint aioiifcd L dv IJ urn's di flanl1 an),', 'sho liiined .i\% i- liom I ho v\i »lyw nn I rtpp'iiBuhiil him Mi r b'un ejes bmi'iiiir 'hcl 'lipsouiltd in be irti and u\ i lit in S'lii pullril fiom onn slender fuirliiijjei .i jm'-f col with nit iinmense diininui) m\\\\\ iliopped'-t, into Tenlampur'B hnm h in linuglitj siltnicr ' LMun I Wliii dors this nfean V' 'It lunni lhaljou nto fiee'-nlul thai; I amniso?ieol U( metns^ IHat^jou have1 no lon,ti i1' riglit to \\-.ut youi ji ilous iae,u upon mo 1 m tued nf then steiui i hive f'eteijcd on miuii^o jfibni jcirito \eai ior lemons v\hith von Unov- ns well as I.- Oin C )^nvj« menl is Icumtmiod tit lf»«t I tuiuuu }i u lo won ml win nomu uno n.oie inre't nml btil)ini£l-ive tlmn I. ) '* ' And j ou v\i in Ui it 11 is all o\ or belvf ( en rs?' ' '' ' I ' Allovci,ii-\ lo 1 Wo euise ti bo lovers, but l\o mi}, if v nil e'if'ose, bi filell 'bi' Ills lujfliibip liyhid hltuh mutineer uigl-, and tinned tin. pueions ,jrm n_ver and oui iu hid Imudd Hi. v\ w uti Uie puinl of buibtmg forth lutu In i uo lcpioiclus ^hen l resoumluig lmock was heiiul on the I ouju dpor. A momenl Iilti, Uu ti'l, bocilvrd foot m in ushei(d iti'o (lit -\\\iv ing ioi un thu great larlar exploit I, Basil J uip jt. Lird Ttndinoiir Hi; it the belinll a I my in his pcekctr nnd dpteiiuincd doggedly lo l^lvo tlu new-eoiuer uo adv ujtiiL,e, but lo uutsliylmn ind leucw tho bioken cugiige ment. IIo would nol tivt up his fbc utlifiil butiolhcd, and he had suflieiei't po ilidinoe in himself lo believe ll U Le euuld win bei back. Mr Tempeat nnmein.niavc inj c uiteous, his dailr, slern fiiep wmiiif,' its usu ij^com manding e\prtEiion, and hia cool, keeu ejes tiilchigv in the dibeomC^rt of lenttmnui'a situation at n glaneo Uo vvia toiibeioui, oven before a woid hnl Uemspoktu, Mini Ladv Dnn'i and Tetilinnnui lml iiuim lied, hut he gave uo sign m hiB mnnner of bis diseiiverv Lrlv^Di ma gieeted him with -\ smilo that alung 'f ent amour ns,n covcil iiuult lu him Belf. , ~ '''I am delighted lo eei vou, Mi. l'eiupcsl, ' Bald tho Kdy, with chinning (imitisj, giv authorl nnd lo tliej-iploiei 'lr Ih pie is ing to find {hit nwon ^ so innny i liuminl i upon jcur attentiou/yo'i havn net foiL,otJ.eu me,' „, -? Tempest made n pleasant ri»v»--nlle ;«nd then txihniiged |-ri;e!;ito-t?''ft'tl1 Loid Tuita mour Thf two geiilltmiiM^did tut slnke hands, but Lhcj ttelianged ghucis ef di£ like, md v-ere fiom Unit moment cue m s Lidv X-una.vvnii tlie t\plortrto btl'ik of himself and Ina ivdvuilun-!, which In ,i*m with modest ens1 nud (,'iuei. Loul l\nla mour listened with i i-'i(eulibl(. Minr, , 11 Do jou know ,' s nd I vlj D nnn, r.- lleo tivelv, ' I vlmirt cxee^iveh nl1 U lediun^, this dlarcgm 1 of limirus and ernnfoitb, Ibis devotion to sen nee bill J fc ir I Inve not in nmthCBlnff oE whieli explores if made. After one of those lung leu-hour i ides vvh ch jou debcnbe, thiough a dnz/ling inn, I Bhould lon_r fdi i v\,irm llusido, ind lefmw to be eomforled vvitb a bid on Uie lnrd ground. ,And, aUhough I am not \eij fond of my hind, I still should pi-fi r to bee now then an Dullish eouuleiiaiice instead of tho-io round Mongolim facs ' 'I up or tspintnwd i d'-suu Iobip vn ]jii»lish fiei,' reniiiked Jempi6t. 'In truth, J vv_is nol li'elv lo unit n mv of Hit in in notllicrn tJhiui or t'uMeabuut* liu ljiuish hivellei, ns .i mU , ulmis to the will bcilcn loults I hue b tn nvaj^lrom Enu'aidfor i teore of vcars, more oi lrss, md in all thit linio I Hcuecly met with one nf ui} round v men I ivoided Hum tm mv k tin n 'o Ln jl.mil, bein^ Miim tiling of 'a misinthiiipt but in mv veiy nvclid inee of tliP'n I fill in Mt)i i-nt upon u steimoi hi which I '??ulcd from Cxono i lo M meilles, ami I feltilrtwn lo Inm ns.it he hid hem my o^nbon Ilii was a noble vounc fellow as fur us a l,11'' nalmillv, but Ids faci wns bron/ad by UisUrn such llis ojch were blue— as bluo us -vour own, Lidy Diana. Un linked delieito, jet I do not doubt his slender frame wnsasstrongns steel. Ho hid tho buuI of n lion in hip light and Biipple fraiuu He wns a marquis although -^ so joung Ilia name wns Lord Chelvvynd. tDo you know hmW' 'I knew his motlur,' sa\d Lndy Dmna, II Lid y Cliclw\nd mntritd i swiithy Indiau co'oncl, who w ib poor, und hid two children by a \wfti he tnmricd and who died in India. Thcj g.iy tho flrHt 'Mis Monk was a half c»--te, nnd t think the btory may bo ti tic, for Miss Monk is uwa) ty and hns an East Indian Monk—' all for love,' as ll)e bpng.s.ij a. , , r.h'e cnlouil must li Wc'fasci'nntcd her, ns snakes fascinate buds He wax not a winning sort of man. This voung Lord Ohqtwvnd made ijyiimntie ii'iirfWue, and his wife died soon nftciw&n;'t The murnapp wib a txcsqtluincc He w unengaged b) Misa Monk , and, by tho wai, they ari now ro-engft-,ed, nnd will 6oon beinirnt^d Ihtrhuda loveia' quarrel, and ho wt-nlaway in lits yacht to Norft'&y; nnd tin- litbridcin group of islanda~and mftJlt -f piqui nl Mis i Slunk married n plain little iiUnil girl, wln- had ben adopted by tho w'm 1 pibloi, ind oi'oeited an n lndy Thiro wan not a gcntlonmn's family ou tho island except the minister's And Lord Obotwjnd binuglit that c)iil.l — she was only sixteen or Bcvenlecn — lo loign as misrroes of Chotwjnd I' uk It nim a second tdition of Laid and Lvly Uurlcigh The graudeura of her neiy |i-*)dilion overwhelmed the young island girl, (iiui b!iu died Home two months after her ad vnnLin Ji]n-r|ii|Kl Liflv niinlwrilH. unl-h all her Bhurlcoiuings, was u wonderful joung irciluro the mm a to bo ndmued when one it lloeU tliat tlie island of St Kilda is a mere rock, inhabited by a uidb uud ignoraut poa-. intry. Mr iVmprst'H X\\\\\\.i prow siiddemv white. ' \\\rlial isl u\d i^id jou snv, Lifl} Diana? ' he ftiliorl, tngeili. x-^ '? ' tjt ICild i , a bit of lock bOmo two miles by Ilirec, with iiioiiiitiiti peaks nnd a village ou the lilUe bay. The islnurt is nbt woll known,' 1 i'lii: atory ii.itcr.cnU run, stiangcly,,'i)aid '\Ir T hipisl, Ir n'voiio 'that hid suddenly ur iwinhu--kv '811th lomnulic mnmages ri rai ) , mil, bcnid'H) I nrd Uhetvvvtid ismv fiend Jl hit ni'icd mo -lon n tn Chit wyiul I'urlt Itfris o I ll'i il he should huvo married ?vlh'uri-iil What w4 hcinumo?' 'Uiirnirt Givillan. OJd, is it not?' she ? Ut]ltl lOll j. Mi letup hI veiled his fnco mid did not anKMvr U rupined all his stein and punui rul will 1 1 e iimnaiid bin emotions (it UuU iiimmiiU I 1 r us the rnadcr knows, it was li« wlio hail ronvcMil Uiu bibj liernico to tl\i ml ml (if 'it Kildn Utleon years before, » ik ' ( ? nfi IH her to' the care of the Gwel lntm 1 1 w nn foi the-ilve of Uornice tint ho 11 id relumed, ilthough rq tardily, from hia I'jibUrn ixji'oritions Bemieu was bis own mil AriK f'lild find OIllv Hltlni. lin Vinfl Iw «i»il of lu r di ath had hp kno a rthow ho li}\^d lior Ann now 1 e leiined that Bho l,nd nnfdied on 1U1 niiiiul— tljat slio loved and hnd'btVn lovul— \M hem wopfd and innrijed-'1«lr beui in Unirliind, and was buried but a. i ]0iune7jroi^Ii6JnT^^'^rTr»''4**i/ The dicioviiy held him Fpieehlpss, but Loul 'lent uuoui filled up tUo sileneo ftitli Bomu remark nnd Teinpeot's agitation wob unnoticed, Tempest c mqui red his emotion nstholion tamer conquers his benata iu their ongo. Ho commanded himself with a will that scorned of iron. And although hia ffveo was pnlc, and Ina bhek eves Btmugcly sombre, jot bin tone was carolcen an ho said, iu bis usual voice 'Thu titury in very.' entertaining.. Its beiu I v is rpoilcd by tbo fact of Lord Ohct wynd's e\\(i cteil Becoiul marriage. But perhi \n thnt is well. He is young, and Alt 3 Monk \va^, Jim biu his lirat lovo. I will tiiko a run down to C'hctwynd Park after a fow diiB, and bCe u j fellow travullT,' eon 1 1 [uud Pt inpeht. ' Shnll jou go b.iek 'o lurlnrv mn month, Mi. Tmipn6tf ' nsked Lid\ Diana ' If jou nusvci in llu nfiinimdve, I bIiiiII (hint Lon don lias loilill us atuaetions ' 'I mav Btnv longer tbvn I at lust in tended,' lep ud the i^ploici. ' My \\\a\\\s nro Jiot jetsi tiled 1 Iicl.hi to fear,' nnd he dnec ed nn a I in ring look towaid her lady ship, ? that Limlon-oi South Audlej stteet — hns too nnny attiactionii fur mo, and will liolij mo lieio when 1 should be gone.' Lord leiitamonr looked displeased. ?' Lady Diana and I were speaking of you before you came in, Sir i'empcBt,' said his lord hin, stifllv, 'nnd in admiring your ex ploits oamo ualunlly lo speak of your family. Are jiu of tho Durham Tom pests I' ' I cu a uanneetion of that family,' Baid tho exp'oicr Coolly. L rd Tcntiiuour, having expected n nega JLivo, WASBilincid Tcrat (st piolonged his call to the limits of pjopi elj , and then rcso to take Kave Other (jucstB iuiiviiio'nt Hie moment, nothing re uiiuncd Toi Lord Tmtamour but to depnrt with his rival. Lnd} Dmna invited the ex plorei to 1 ill iijnin, nud TtinpcBt nolici-d llnl hel betrothal ring, which hohalob b'r\cd on tin1 previoiiB ni^ht, wns abjuit fiom hci lin^i 1. Hub fe.U, added to l--ntn in'Mii b rileuLc nud suppicEBcd an^ei, con vinced liim (hat tho engagement between tho noblo paii^hid been broken thnt \ cry dnv. Ht- laid up the fiet for future use, ind lultohcrgbod^ninrnipg with an tmpnssemcnt Hi it srpine 1 to indicate an extreme ndmira dun for hoi. , -The iivals— for Lord Tcntimour s»w in Tempest ail'nqtual llval— emorgod from the hpU9e tO^ethd.' At the foot 6f tho step3 they Imlled on Ina pavement. TcmpeBl raised hia hat in adieu, but Lord Tcntamtui detained Inm, ' Ifow long aro you likely to.be in Eng lind, sii 1 ' inquired his loidship'. '-'It la nupiRhiblp to siy, my lord. I in tended to u turn lo CUma within a month. As I feel no v I miy iJever go bnck.' ' ' You have come to th suecision since jou entered Lidj Dlann Northvvick's house this afternoon ; is it not bo ?' 1 Your nslu(en1ss does' jou credit, my lold. ^lt IB3J.' t Lord Tcntimqurs face deepened in Its aulton tlubh of -agc. ^ /. ' V 11 I lo understand thit you1 mo one' of Lily Diana'a mimcroui victims'' bo bheciud. ^'Are yot^cllke to many othrrs, Blwvlnn to winllio*rich^oiiii^ widow?' _-' Hie lists are open to all,' said Tempest, quietly ' I com 'ude that no engagement of innmiQo cmsIb between you and Lady Uimi, sidi : I biW no betrothal ling to day u,ion her flrgei And it s'ic ib nol bound bv mv tub I ahull 3euk to win her. lam frank with jou. I a^iuiii! Ladv Diana. I placu mvsdr ns*jour lival. I£ I can win her I will man v her. Let hei choose between us, my lord If she preters jou it will bo all right, and I'll go back to laitury. If^be lovift mn I shall ro^tii'l mJ^e,lf bi n foltu niti mini, and shall marrj her before the suminei ib over. A clear fi°ld is ail I ask.' ' Yon nrc cool,' anid Tentamour, with a oeo v I. ' Ihe lady is my promised wife. I forbi 1 jo ir attentions to her ' ' Nu on1 cnu forbid them but th(Tlady hii'ili If blip iips( ilo that they are uuwol cuiiii , or (hit Mil puftiB lo marry y»u, I willidiri is gi tit full j lib may bo. But tho f ict (,1 ,m!s, mv loid. You and I am rivals, mid I shall minj Lidj Diana Noithwiok if I c in '» fie bowed eourt.ously lo the enraged lord and pished on. CnAPTEB^X'lf. j KU'LL \ND 11LR \ICT1M The bustle of 1 great prepiration prevaded Chetw 1 nd P.irk The .announcement of I rd Uhclwj nd's betrothal to Sylvia Monk bail bem publicly made, and bad appealed 111 the1 Listliourno lccil 1 twspnpers, and in I'io London fasiiioniiblo journals The mar ri it;i was to likr pKico tho thirj week iu ?Tune, and it was now the tirst week in April Jliss Monk had an insatiate and ungovern ablo love of luxury. She drew liberally upon Lord Chctwj nd's purse. She intorded that her bridal outfit Bbould rival that of the I'nuce^s Louise. Despite hor indolent nature, 6ho never tired of trying on new giimciite, jewels and shawls, nnd her morn Ings -were nil spent in her dresstnjj-room among her dressmakers and her fineries Sho tried to feel secure in her good fnituno Her betrothal had been m-tdc public, and what could hnunen to again break nff fi,*,* marnngo ? Ah I vvhnt ? Sho knew that Bermee Ohetwjnd liv'td, and the fear was never ibsent from her guilty soul lest Bernico should leveil, herself to Chetwvnd, nnd claim hor old place in his heart and homo. By day ind by night a haunting dread posai ssed her. This wns telling on her. How was she to endure it for three mouths ? Wfiy did not Bernico come forward ? Why did she hide heicelf, no one knew where, like a guilty person? Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer them. j - -G1IU.Y1. 'Hionk stayed on at tho Park, seiiPtly searching for Bermee, and was liiixpreaslbly anxious and troubled If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully 00 copied, Lord Ohetwynd was not less so Hia occupation was of the most practical description.1 Ho was busy with the memorial school which was to perpetuate the name of Bernice. He interested himself in tbiB project as he had interested himself in nothing since he had iost bis young wife. He thought of her con tinually. HiB project seemed to bring him nearer to her Ono evening, nfterdinnoi. Lord 'Chctwyqd walked over to the bailiff's villa, intent upon somo no* amplification of his favorito idea 'oT'.tli'u bo'iooI, ivnd old Ragee stalked silent- K afni oil in tho shadows, and watched, in fear and trembling, to see if Bernice would not appcir. . Ohctw}nd8ponttho evemngin his bailiff's office, discussing business. It was after ten o'clock when ho took Ins leave and sot out upon bis loturn home by a private path traverBing the pnrk. Thu moon had risen in mellow glory, and its soft light lay in broad streams upon tho wide avenues In tho narrower paths the light flickered down in tremulous showers tbough the lifts in tho trees. Tho sUra were glowing softly in the blue nzuro of the heavens &u-; h a light an this Lord Ohot wynrt had known in bt. Kilda. Here, an theie-, tho waves beat in tho distance on tho rocks Iiko ptilacB, and Ohetwynd could almost fancy that Bernico was with him. 1 How thia nieht^rings her back to me 1' ho thought iu his anguish of desolation. ' Oh, to see her aa I saw her upon that first evening nf m;? return how« from my wander ings ' Oh / ? Whether it be an illusij r or a veritable apparition ,ne onco more I Ojily s/' hnld the. sweet (.'?. iigh to bring tn tlu biond rhetn of tho moonlight, a fcv/jaida in udvaucu of him, at a point wheio a widu nvenno crossed the narrow path which Loid Chotwyud wns trending, ho saw a slender figiuo 111 white, bu face tinned to him, bet arms oiit- tietcbcil to ward him. He hailed opell bound, HIk tccmcdnvifliontooctluiuilfoi hum m ity lie believed then, m he hid not be llevcl liforc, mnpito of bia lack of supei utition nud Inn conlimptfoi tlioBtoneB ol ou peiuatural,niidhewii9loukiii| uponadisem bodied spirit I H. belli ved that lie beheld Bcinico but, Dennce fiica from ill 11101UI ini iimbinnei , tin hIio luj ionic hack to him, from lid homo 11 heaven. Ho did not reason— he onl} felt blic wn9 tii-iased in the white silk iol» m which bo )md - on^ncd lu 1 to the tomb. It trulcd nftrr her on Iho ground Hei iicek nn bin, the I lu lulls of hei lonipidiiiii K-rsagc riHiiif lound it, hki foim Hei long duslty Inn trailed ovel hei shou'dtis likoa cloud He ciuld ev 11 see evcrj ftaluro of her 1 iduiut. bciuitj in tie b)ft sheen ot tho moouligl * Hir ftiei' had a mournful, yearning look th it went lo Iiih bouI, Hediied not ad v(iueelcBl,Bhu Bhould fulo from his siuut. And bo he H'ood entrmccd, searcoly daring to breath, devouring hei withbiaejes Tho reiicoutro, bo dramatic nnd ae'nsa tionil, had not been pi inncd bv B mice She wis ns much ampnicd ns C'iclwjnd, nnjl Bho was nlso upell-bound, Sho had spent all tlie.su days iitnco her last nppearnnco to him in a lonely garret above tho'very attics in the unused town of the great house of (Jbetwjnd Pirk Ir this secluded and hiddon retreat, of which Monk had never even thought, Boruie liv d hci st'nnge, 'lisolr.ti, moinnfiil i\il ence. She had cmied Up lo bei ictie it a storo of blankets, which slle had managed to secure from tlm rooms below. She liiid alao brought with hor from .Mawr Castle chain os (f (.nrmciils, enough foi nil hei ikcIh In bur din-.') girut «lu «ole her gnv --aviilling lubis ind a Ion,, \v\le pioof cloik, pribemn,,' hci whiti silk .own un j uled. She brought hillui alno stores of foxl from tbe' pinlrv, 1 irdn mil sloie room, nn 1 lal prooured sevci v bottles of wine from tho butlers pmtiy in the niL.hr. 1 ) Her objeil in thus lemaining on nt the ^itiftniiuiuu u'ij nLIUW llUVQUll,. QUO Ollly felt that she could not go. blic wua bound by an oith, which she was too leligious not to hold flicrcd, not to rovcil tho fact that Bhe lived to her huabinr , exci pt with G-il bert Monk's consent. Ho hud refused that conseut j and, indeed, she would not now have iskcd f_-r it. She hid no wish to 11 turn fiom Iho giavo uum tanned hb- believed tint all mourning foi hci wiw pi=l, that her phco wns lilhd.and that Bhe wna forgotten. 8ho would not re'uin to claim a phiee in whteh another had bei 11 installed She onh wished tint bhe had diej &ho; hid bornr the close ness and dingin-ia of her irirret until a longing had coinu over het to itt'inle again the jiesh iir, and to Walk in the park. Mia -fcn*'-vr\\.rtk- iwyrn want of cvreise, anil on this night bid lnbed heiself in her white burnl robe, is a matter of preeiution against detection, end had tlnown about her her black elon.li, .uid b id stolen out into tbo park unseen by any of the inmnterf of tho house. 'Arrived in Iho park, and finding the air ml/d, sho had Hung aside her clonk, and was cairjtng it on hei arm. ^. . , ,. If Chetwynds 8(nsition at '^beholding her wns ono of r»pturo, hers vvas one of terror. She trembled in her foiT of ais crtvuy. They n girded each oilier for some njotn^nta (in ka« BlrangB-tsilence^-'Cnol wjnd's bi'eath carao heavy and pant ingly. His eyes were wild nnd start mg. Suddenly, without a word or cry, ho leaped forward and ran toward her luailong. -*- ^ Bernice rotrented beforo him 111 instmc tivo flight. ^ /? * He pursued. She c ould almost henr hi* frenzied breathing lie cam on with a awift rush, as if he meant-,to sel/e her whetherBhe were human 01 spit it. J' j. She turned into the wide avenue and fled like,adcci. She would not be tak-n. Turn,, ing into nn obscure pnih ncii nt hand, stic caugnc up tin anss ami liuug around nei her blick cloik, ihen sho halted behind a tree, concealing herself. ., ' Ohetwvnd went bj nlong the path swiftly in a blind (insult. He had lobt -Jfiyht ot the glorious vision but ho prn.icd to see it again— only once a^am * ?- Bernico listened until' tliu, sound of his tioid had died away 111 the 'distance Sho was pinlingnnd^fngliUned, wild ejed and trembling. Suc cr-pt forth fiom bei con cea'uunt and cnlend the park again. She diduotglnncn bihiml her, else ahe would hnvo seen the tall, shadowy Hi'uro cf the old lhst Indian woman utnlluhe sili ntlj 6n the dark border of the pith ButRi«-o saw her and knew her. And suddenly, na Bcrmcc stole nlong the lonely pith — Ohel- v\ynd far be-ond hearing — tbo old woman launched herself forward in a swift pantln'v spring, nnd hurled heiaelf upon Bcrnicc, bearing her to tho cat th in the violence of her onslaught. ' 1'vo got you at last, havo I V hissed the witch hku ol I woman, holding tho girl in her iron grip ' And now, if you please, we'll come to a settlement.' The suddenness of the old East Indian woman's attack upon her t ir an Instant pira'jsrd tho voung M irchiom ss of Olc t wynd, but she did not faint nor_sbrick I'uu moment her brief stupefaction began to char away, she turned upon her asBiu hint, fighting like a little tiprcas. She was in a panic of moital tenor, and she struck ouf binullj, with all tho energy ol an uttei des peration, faheBppcdily discovered that ahe was but as a child iu the mm giasp nf Lm asenlnnt, lia^ee's musclta were of steel A desperate furj nnimats.d_Hio. Hindoo woman. She li id tho advantage, aKo, not tinving relnxpd her first hold on Bernice, and tho girl pant ing and bieathlesB, wild ojed and trembling stood still at last, and looked over her shoulder at her enemy with a wild arid hor rilled gaze. '} Who is it?' Bernica whispered, ' pan t-' ing. - ???:'?? -'.vA-;y?=;Wv, ???:-?'??''' ' It is I— old Kagee,1' hissed ; the Hindoo; woman in the girl's ears. . '- '- ?': '/.'? '? ''.:? ?. ,?.;?? ?',:'. ? The expression in Be'rniee'B eyes deepened into amazement ond' terror.;.^ Slio made another vain effort; to freo 'hersplf.,' Then Bho whispered : ;~ ?';??;.' '.?. ' What do you want of me? -What is the meaning of this assault?' . /: ' ' IVrhaps you think I don't know ? you,' said tho Hindoo woman, tauntingly. '? It was I who dragged tbe shawl from your shoulders that night in the great house. 1 knew you,' and her tones grow fierce nnd hateful. ' 1 know.you, my lady. Yon wore supposed to have died ; you lay in state in your burial robes for six daya ; you were buried in the Chetwynd vault. And yet bero you nrc alive I It. ia you, and none other! It ia you, and not a ghost I His you in the flesh, alive, strong, wall. How happens this, that you livo who have been mourned an dead ?' The tierce, vindictive voice failed to kindle a s\\-ark of anger in Hernice's breast. Her hernt thiobbrd with n keen pain. Sho was bewildered, dlzssy.. and still trembling. Bbo did not anawei', '? Sueak I' cried the Hindoo woman, slink ing her. ' Do you ileny that you nro the Marchioness of Ohetwynd ?' Botnico'8 oatH prevented her declaring her identity. Not tven to old Rayee oonld nbe confess herself the Marchioness of CiictwynrJ. #S 'Speak !' ' (('iterated the old woman. ' Spualr, or I vyill dra-; you up to the great hoii.se, and in'.onii.y lord's presence.' ' Nn, no,'.' cMed Ileinic.o. 'u will not go thoro I Wlintwln you want of me ?' 'You ackiK.U'le'lKc that you are Lady Obetwynd T'—K}?'' h Continued.) 