THE latest aspect of the position as between the Pastoralists’ Union of New South Wales and the Amalga mated Shearers’ Union of Australasia is not at all encouraging. A large number of squatters persist in defying the Shearers’ Union, and have already started shearing under station agree ments as in the old time. The Shearers’ Union has arranged with wharf laborers’ and sailors’ unions that not a bale of this wool shall be handled or shipped, and it is averred that along the whole Australian coast, from Port Augusta to the west, to Cape York in the north, this boycott of non-union wool will be all powerful and complete. As there seems little chance of conces sion on either side, we may look for a desperate trial of strength. The A.S. Union is confident of its power, as well as of the active support of labor unions throughout the colonies. On the other hand the squatters have wealth and political influence behind them. The extent of the Pastoralists’ Union is not ascertainable, but it is shrewdly suspected that it includes the greater number of squatters in New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. Union rules and conditions have been accepted, it is said, in a great number of cases, as a matter of policy and convenience, and the avowed non-unionists will' repre sent a much larger body, and be backed with financial and moral sup port to an extent practically unlimited. If r this* be so, we have the elements of a most serious labor war. It may be safely averred that the Shearers’ Union will not strike its flag when hostilities* have once commenced, and that the pastoralists will make a long and a hard fight if once they are put upon their mettle. The difficulty in the shipping trade is if anything more serious still, as, if matters are carried to extremity, the whole trade and commerce of the colo nies will suffer partial paralysis. The Mercantile Marine Officers’ Asssocia tion has handed to the shipowners an ultimatum, to the effect that if no satisfactory arrangement is made be fore Friday next, a general strike of officers will follow, in which case all the intercolonial steamers will be laid up, even to the excursion and tug boats in our rivers and bays. The shearers are upholding their rule that no member shall work with non-union men. The squatters who are hostile do not recognise the union at all. They are willing to take union men, they say, but will not ad here to union rules, or be bound by the union standard of wages. So the deadlock is complete,.... and. the strength of almost every labor union in Australia is pledged to support the shearers’ position. In the shipping-dispute, although questions of liours and wages are included, there is every reason to suppose that these were all capable of peaceful adjust ment. The shipowners, however, ob ject very decidedly to the affiliation of the officers’ with the seamen’s unions, and will only negotiate for a settle ment on the understanding that no sucli combination is proposed or 'in tended, as they maintain the officers are their representatives. The officers’ union absolutely decline to make any such a promise, and declare their in tention to ally themselves for better or worse with , the seamen’s unions, and, through them, with the power ful chain of. trade unions throughout Australasia. The shipping- trade' of the colouies is thus threatened with interference-from two quarters, but the full development of the difference between shipowners and officers would mean the most immediate and serious mischief. At such a time it is idle to talk about the right of one side to employ and of the other to accept employment on its own terms, irrespective of any organisation for the regulation of the labor market. No one will argue against the technical right, and no one really believes it would' have, in these times, any practical value. The labor associations of Australia-, con sider it expedient ito insist on a general observance of union- rules, and, looking at their enormous and in creasing strength, any-academic criti cism of the equity of any points of their policy is waste of time. All the, unions will declare that the funda mental principle of their organisation is to raise the status and better the position of the working man. Em ployers, as a body, ‘ have no right to interfere with this purpose, and are riot justified in assuming that the workman’s position cannot be bet tered save at his. employer’s expense. Eor the employer is, after all, but an intermediary between the laborer and the consumer. Any rise in the market rate of labor, just the same as any ad vance in the cost of raw material, is merely charged on to the price of the finished product, whether it be a build ing or a bale of calico. The trouble begins when employers enter upon ex cessive competition in reducing selling prices, and are thus in a measure compelled to keep down the cost of production at all hazards and by every conceivable device. At first sight there may seem to be little con nection between the price paid for shearing sheep in Queensland and the retail price of manufactured goods in Melbourne, but the principle is the same in each case, and besides, a breach of the defences of trade unionism at any point would to some extent weaken the whole line. If .we grant, as we must, that the tendency of trades unions is to improve the position of the worker, it will be for society at large, and not any combination'of employers, to . say if, at any future time, the growth of unionism has reached its furthest prudent development. Although matters have assumed such a serious phase, it must be hoped, in view of the lamentable results which must arise from a strike, and in the interests of the public as well as those of the contestants, that some means will yet be found of averting a labor calamity. Tue ex-mayor, in his annual report, very properly stated that the time is ripe for a considerable extension of the powers of local bodies. It was natural that he should see the neces sity of this extension, mainly with reference to Ballarat itself and other of the larger centres of Victorian wealth and population. There is no good reason why residents of important inland cities and towns should not get the fullest fair play without persistent and un dignified importunity of the Govern ment, nor why they should not be allowed to retain their own revenue, and undertake their own public works. In this, as in other things, public opinion ripens slowly, and public action is long delayed, but nothing is more clearly indicated than the certainty of a great enlargement of the scope and the powers of local government before many years have passed by. In the meantime it may be .questioned whether any amendment of the Local Government Act, or even the procurement of a' special muni cipal charter for Ballarat, would help forward the reform for which the colouy is fast ripening, or tend, on the other hand, to delay its approach. It is well to remember that every dis trict in the colony, from Portland to Croajingolong, is equally interested in obtaining the right and the power to manage its own affairs, and that the need necessitates anew departure. Not only must the present narrow and inadequate Local Government Act be superseded, but a large amount of prejudice and routine must be sent to the right about. The colony should be divided into counties or. : provinces, each of which—as in the French cantons— should have perfect control over both local revenue and local business. At present the State collects taxes from the people at large at the Customs House and doles out payments for local purposes tardily and grudgingly enough at times, as we all know. This antiquated and unjust method wants turning upside-down. The counties or districts should receive their pro rata portion of the amount collected as customs, less the amount required for carrying on the government of the colony, and this with all the revenue from licenses, fines, and other sources should be at the service of the municipalities to be expended on local works and improvements. No real good will ever be done until the equitable rights of the. people are fully recognised in this matter. At present such a reform would probably have the open or unacknowledged op’' position of the Civil Service, of the heads of Departments, Ministers of the* Crown and members of Parliament. The apparent personal interests of these gentlemen in the matter are at direct variance with that of the people at large, and they will never voluntarily surrender the advantages which they find in a policy of centralisation. The people need constant reminder that the State to which from mere habit and precedent they look with such reverence, is, after all, their own creation, and can be reconstructed by them at will; and, further, that they cannot be in any way prejudiced or misgoverned by the powers that be for a single minute longer than they choose to bear it. Tho effect of the trouble in shipping circles has already made itself felt in Bal larat. Owing to the gravity of the situa tion, and the danger of a strike occurring on Saturday, local coal merchants have raised the prices of this fuel. On Saturday house hold (double screeued) coal was selling at 34?, and engine (screened) coal at 25s per ton; yesterday the prices were 39s and 30s respectively. To-day a greater advance still will be made, as the price charged for household coal wills2s. This alteration will not affect contracts, as the former shipping difficulty did. It is hoped that it will not, either, affect the Gas Company, as one of the stipulations between the company and the shipowners who supply them with coal is that in the event of a strike the owners must at once put into the Gas Com pany’s yards 1200 tons of coal. This represents about seven weeks’ supply. At the same time, there can he little doubt that the contest between the shipowners and the trades unions, if it comes about,’ will have much more serious and far reaching effects than the previous strike, at the collieries. Foreseeing that there was a chance of the difficulties' ultiinating in a strike, a repre sentative of an Adelaide steamship com pany was iu Ballarat last week, endeavoring to establish a line of vessels between Sydney and Ballarat, with Geelong as the port of call. The support promised was, however, so poor that the projeet was abandoned. There is a great danger that, unless better counsels prevail, nil the intercolonial steam ships will be laid up. ‘ It was stated in Ballarat yesterday that an offer of £lOO,OOO for the Black Horse United Mine had been received from Lon don. The paymeut was offered in £50,000 cash, and 50,000 shares paid up to £1 each. This is equal to £5 cash, and five shares for each of the present shares now worth about £S 12s in the local market. The offer will not be accepted. : A public meeting, convened in response to a requisition, was held lust night in the Town Hall, Ballarat East, for the purpose of enabling Cr Elsworth and Mr R. T. H-iger to address the electors of the central ward. A report of the meeting will be fouud iu another column. A meeting of quarrymen was held on Saturday night at the Trades’ Hull, for the purpose of forming a union in Ballarat. There were about 17 present, and Messrs Smith and Hurdsfield, members of the formation com mittee of the Trades’ and Labor Council, were also in attendance. A resolution was passed deciding ou the formation of a union, and the xneetiug was adjourned until Satur day night next, when the election of officers and other business will be proceeded with. . Mr H. Bradbury,'secretary of the Austra lian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, lias received the following letter from the New South Wales Minister of Public Instruction: “ Department of Public Instruction, Sydney, Sth August, IS9O. Sir, —With reference to the circular received by this office on the 2Stb ult. respecting the Aus tralian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition pro posed to be held in Ballarat in November next, l am directed to acquaint yon that the Minister of Public Instrnction has decided that, if practicable, exhibits in the following sections of technical education will be sent, on the express condition that, if required, they are to be returned to Sydney at any time during the continuance of the exhibi tion. This stipulation is made inasmuch as the works of students will be required to be classified by the examiners in December next. - I have the honor to be, sir, vour most obedient servant, J. Johxson, Under secretary.” The sections referred to in clude penmanship, work in wood, stone, metal, machinery, carriage work, graining, collections of natural and artificial produc tions iu cabinets, modelling, mechanical drawing, and lithographic engraving. Is it incendiarism? On Saturday evening last the hut of Ah Quong, situate off Y«rk street, Ballarat East, was destroyed by fire. Last night, shortly before 10 o’clock, another Chinese hut, owned and occupied by Ah Pnw, aud distant about 100 yards from the spot on which Ah Quong’s abode stood, took fire, and was cousumed before the arrival of the brigades. The occurrence of these fires has caused considerable alarm among the Mongolians in the camp at Ballarat East. At a late hour lust night a meeting was held at the opium shop of Long Wee, when the matter of the destruction by fire of two domiciles within a period of 4S hours was discussed. It was finally resolved that “ had luck was iu the air,” and all agreed that things would uot be right in the Celestial circle until next full moou, when the Evil One will be again hunted outside the camp boundaries. •• Plain clothes Constable G. L. M'Pherson is performing efficient duty iu Ballarat. He was yesterday again complimented by Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., who said that the residents of tho district had reasou to feel cliaukfttl to Mr Inspector Parkinson and Sergeant Leverton for securing the services of so efficient aconstable in the performance of special duty in the town. We are asked to mention that the services of plain-clothes constubles are required ou Sunday evenings at the Buck’s Head corner aud Vale’s corner, as disorderly characters assemble at those points after dark. The new railway time-table came into operation yesterday. The extra train to Geelong seems likely to be well patronised. Considerable regret was expressed in Bal larat at the news of the death of Mr Audrew Broun, which took place at Bairusdale on Sumlay from blood poisoning. The de ceased, who was 49 years of age, was well known iu Ballarat, where he was for many years manager for Messrs L. S. Christie aud Cos., of the Criterion House, Sturt street. He was one of the presidents of the old Philharmonic Society, and took a' great interest in all musical matters. He was also a past president, of the Mechanics’ Institute. Yesterday the flrgs at Craig’s hotel, the Mechanics’ Institute, aud other buildings were flown half-mast as a token of respect. The deceased was a brother of Mrs Christie, wife of Mr L. S. Christie. Queer questions are asked at election times, aud Cr Elsworth, when facing the electors last uight, was met with one of these. •' Are yon in favor of Mayor Murphy giving a ball?’ one ratepayer asked, The mayor, who was presiding over.the meeting, s-emed anxious to reply, but Cr Elsworth waved the question off, and the friends of the querist induced him to subside. Ou Saturday. evening last some person entered the drill reserve in Ballarat East, and destroyed a large portion of the brick work in connection with the foundations for the Juveuile Industrial Exhibition. O a Sunday evening a similar wanton act was committed. Yesterday the matter was re ported to the police, aud it is probable the offenders will be arrested to- day. At the City Police Court'yesterday morn iug a young man named Thomas Maloney was brought up on the charge of assaulting and robbing a man named Thomas Croom. The latter had been drinking somewhat, and fell, iuto the Company of Maloney, and the two had some drinks together. They were followed by three boys uamed Robert Binder, Henry Richards, and Richard Malverton to near Kelsall’s build ings, where they state that they saw Maloney trip Croom and then feel his pockets. Seuior-Constuble O'Grady was in formed of the occurrence by two of the lads and at once proceeded to the spot. O'grady found the two arm inarm and with Moloney’s hand in Croom’s pocket. Both men were arrested, aud the senior-coustable was assisted by Messrs A. Taylor and Hickson in conveying them to the lock up. Croom stated subs- quently that lie had been robbed or £7 10a, and the charge of drunkenness against him was withdrawn. After hearing tho evidence against Maloney, the bench re marked that although the circumstances were suspicious they did not consider the evidence sufficient aud would discharge the accused. Inspector Parkinson thought the case was cleur and expressed his intention of britigiug the matter uuder the uotice of the Crown Law Department. “Old folks from home” residing in Vic toria street, Ballarat East, are at present being entertained in the morning by the singing of blackbirds in the trees on each side of the thoroughfare. Mr John Noonan was mainly instrumental in introducing these feathered songsters to the district. The presiding magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday morning were Messrs J. L. Anderson, Haycroft, and Gibbiuge, J’s.P. Seven persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Anthony Hurley, for being drunk while in charge of a milk-cart, ' was fined £l, Michael M'Clanchy was fined 10s, in'default three days’ imprisonment, for threatening be- ( haviour, and £2, iu default 14 days’impri sonment, for assaulting Seuior-constable O’Grady. Samuel Trueman, charged with threatening behaviour, was fined 10?, in default three days' imprisonment. John Maloney, for using obscene language in a public place, was fined 10s, in default two days’confinement. Several other prisoners were also dealt with. Alfred Kerr, aged 19 years, was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with using obscene language in a public place. Plain-clothes Constable U. L. M'Pherson, who arrested the accused, deposed that Kerr was quite sober when he used the foul words. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., the chairmau of the beuch, said there might be some excuse for a drunken man using obscene language, but nothing could be said in behalf of a person so offending in his sober senses. The court would, therefore, impose a fine of 20?, iu default seven days iu gaol. George Anderson, who used.obscene language while suffering from the effects of drink, and who was also arrested by Con stable G. L. M'Pherson, was mulcted in a peualty of 10s. Five inebriates having been dealt with, a number of small debt cases w-cre heard, -and the court adjourned. Messrs Fitzgerald, Robertson, aud Gleuny, J’s.P., were the presiding magistrates. No enquiry has been considered necessary in regard to the sudden death of Mrs Morris, reported in yesterday’s issue. The deceased, whose husband died some 15 months ago, leaves a grown-up family. Mr W. Scott, one of the candidates for the representation of the north ward, ad dressed a meeting of ratepayers last evening at the Robert Burns bote), Jtiumffray street. At the conclusion a unanimous vote of confi dence was passed .in the candidate. A report of the meeting appears in another column. Mr King, J.P., yesterday held a magis terial enquiry at the Town Police Camp, touching the death of the infant Ellen Fitz gerald, daughter of John Fitzgerald, tin smith, of Shepherd ..street, Ballarat East. It was shown that the child was found dead iu bed at an early hour on Sunday morning, and the medical man who made a post mortem examination of the body gave it us his opinion that death resulted from acci dental suffocation. The finding of the magistrate was in accordance with the medical testimony. A correspondent informs us that owing mainly to the exertions of Messrs Fitzgerald, Daly, and others the choir at St. Alipius’ Church has now a credit balance of £2O. . We learn that Mr Lambic, head of the Outward staff, A shed, Spencer street, is about to be transferred to Ballarat, where lie will have control of the goods department. Mr Laiubie, who for many years has held the esteem of those whom he came in con tact with, has only gained convalesence after au illness of some duration. His place at headquarters is now filled by Mr Geo. Little, an officer of many years’ experience in the service. The presentation of a hand some travelling bag to Mr Lambie will take place in n day or two. The Rev. Dr Rete, principal of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, lias left for Paris on business of a private character. Father Croke is now acting as principal of the college. Mr S. Vince, son of Mr Vince, of Ballarat, who has been engaged for the past seven years at the Charlton Post and Telegraph Office, has -been promoted to the railway staff. Mr Vince, as president of the A.N. A., has made himself not only popular, but useful at Charlton. The Tribune referring to his promotion says:—“ Strictly attentive at all times to duty, he has combined cour tesy with attention, and by so doing has favorably established himself in the estima tion of the public. There are few, indeed, who will not regret to learn that Mr Vince is.about to leave Charlton.” The correspondence per R.M.S. Oruba reached the Ballarat Post Office by special train from Adelaide at 1.30 p.m. yester day. A public meeting in connection with the annual mission effort was held last night in the United Methodist Free Church, Peel street. Tile Rev. H. Westmore land presided and delivered an address, as did also the Rev. Dr Porter and the Rev. J. E. Harrison. The report showed that the Sunday collections were above those of the previous year, but against this there was a falling off in the card collections. Daring the evening prizes were distributed by the Rev. Mr Westmoreland to the successful collectors; Choice selections were rendered by the church choir, uuder the able leadership of Mr W. Wilson (who promises to take a leading position in local musical circles). Valuable assistance was rendered by Mrs Uren and Miss S. Wigney. Miss Tolliday made an efficient organist. It should be added that the energetic secretary, Mr Mitchell, did his utmost to make the meet ing a success. Votes of thanks aud the doxology closed the proceedings. A report of the services on Sunday appeared in The Star yesterday. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—William Hooley, a resident of Lai Lai, dislocated collar bone, caused by a quantity of earth falling upon him in a pit in which he was working; Hezekiah Parker, . a resident of Dawson street, lacerated wnnnd of the left hand, caused through being caught in a carding machine at the Woollen Mills; and Frank Gibson, a resident of Talbot street, wnnnd on the right hand, caused through beiug caught on a meat hook. There was a good attendance of members and visitors at St. John’s M.I.A. Hall, Peel street, last evening. The occasion being “ Visitors’ Night.” The programme was arranged by St. John’s M.I.A. committee, with a view of bringing the various societies more in touch witli each other, and of estab lishing a more fraternul feeling. The visitors, however, from the various societies were not so representative as could be desired on such an evening, the Golden Point and the Lydiard street M.l.A’.s only being represented. '! hose who attended acquitted themselves most creditably. The following programme was rendered to the enj lyment of all pre sent:—Overture, Mi3S Manners; song. Miss Major; recitation, “ Hunting a mouse,” Mr Bowie: recitation, “ The ruined cottage,” Mr G. H. Nedwell; song, •‘The old, old way," Miss Hall; recitation, “Ask mamma,” Mr. S. Bray; song, “Si tu Savais,” Mr Woodburn ; dialogue, scene from “The Rivals,” Mr Pearson aud Mr Kelly; duet, “ Army and navy,” Messrs H. and S. Wat kins; recitatiou, “ Perseverance,” Mr Bowie; song, “ The lime trees by the river,” Miss Welch; recitation, “ Mary Ann, enne in,” Mr Bray; song, “Yesterday,” Miss Scott; recitation, “ The sick stockrider,” Mr G. H. Nedwell. At the conclusion of the pro gramme the performers were accorded a well-deserved vote of thanks, and the meet ing adjourned. Mr M. Hamburger, watchmaker and jeweller, of Armstrong street north, has re cently erected an excellent clock in the steamboat sheds at Lake Wendouree. N» doubt it will be of even more value to the public in the summer time, when the boats are more extensively patronised than now. Already it has proved itself a reliable time keeper, so that it will be welcomed by all frequenters of the lake. The Ballarat Choral Association last night commenced the rehearsal of Gounod’s “Gallia,” and Stanford’s “ Revenge,” which they will shortly produce under the con ductorship of Mr D. J. Montague. The teachers of All Saint’s Sunday school on Thursday evening last accepted the in vitation of the vicar and Mrs Morris to a social re-union when a most enjoyable even ing was spent. After partaking of a nice repast, an adjournment was made In the large schoolroom where a few hours were very pleasantly passed. The company broke up about half-past 10, having enjoyed themselves thoroughly aud expressing many kind wishes for the vicar and his lady. The half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Land Mortgage and Agency Company was held last night at Craig’s hotel. The report and balauce-sheet were very favorable, and showed that the company had made excel lent progress. It was announced at the meeting that a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, would bo payable at the company’s office on and after to-day. A report of the meeting will be fouud elsewhere in The Star. Harmston’s American Circus, which is ’to appear for a short season iu Ballarat at the Columbia Skating Rink, will open ou Satur day night instead of, as at first announced, Friday. The company is said to be very strong, and several uovelties are promised. At the Learmonth Police Court yesterday, before Mr J. C. Thomson, P.M,, the sap plemenlary list for the Dowling Forest division of the Windermere electoral district and the Glendaruel division of the electoral district of Clunes and Allendale were re vised and certified. Mr W. Scott will address the electors this evening at the Royal Oak hotel, Peel street north, at half-past 7. Some time ago the attention of the Acting 'Minister of Lands was drawn by Mr M‘Lean, M.L.A., to the fact that the provisions of the Land Tax Act operated harshly in the case of allotments of land subdivided and sold iu several blocks, and, iu fact, tended to pre vent the subdivision of large estates. In accordance with a promise given to Mr M’Lean, the matter was brought under the notice of the Cabinet by Or Pearson, and it has been decided—for what reason is not stated—not to bring in a bill this session to remedy this anomaly in the present system taxing land. The following item appears in the English mail news published in. the last issue of the Church of ■ England Messenger:— “ A man damus has been applied for agaiust the Bishop of Loudon to show cause why he should not permit legal steps to be taken to remove the reredos now adorning the sanc tuary of St. Paul’s Cathedral. His lordship had refused to do so, and had given as a ‘ reason' that the questions now raised are in no manner the same as those of the first representation, iu relation to which an ap peal is still pending. It is alleged, iu reply, that the first representation stated that the reredos '(ended to encourage idolatrous prac tices; it is now alleged thut it has actually done so. Anew altar cross has just been presented to the cathedral by the Duke of Newcastle. It is upwards of 6 feet high, and is said to be a magnificent specimen of modern art.” During the week ended 7th inst. the sum of £57,068 10s was received from the Vic torian railways as against £52,422 16s 5(1 for the corresponding week in last year. The St. Petersburg JSovoe Vremya calls attention to an enterprise which will mark, it says, the first systematic attempt to pro mote commercial relations between Russia and Afghanistan. Although there is already an active demand.nu the Afghan frontier for Russian goods, and they are sent to Mui ineua, Maruchuk, Herat, and Kiluuau, there is no recognised depot for the sale of such wares. Two Russian merchants, MM. Barikof and Loguinof, are now preparing to start a trading depot at Takha-Bazer, the administrative centre of the Penjdeh dis trict. The prospects of the new venture are said to be most favorable. Last year a Rus sian caravan with 200,000 roubles’ worth of merchandise was sent into Northern Afghan istan, aud was sold out in less than three months. Arrangements have been made by the Lands Department for the sub division of two blocks of malice laud—one containing 18 and the other 30 allotments, a mile square iu ex tent. Plans showing the subdivision are being prepared, and applications for allot ments will be invited during the present mouth. The laud is situated between Wyche proof and Lake Tyrrell. The demand for such allotments is evidenced by the fact thut 900 applications have heeii received for 4S of a similar area, situated on the west side of the Garriambiac Creek. These will be dealt with by a local board iu about u fortnight’s time. A cablegram says it is stated that the fund being raised to provide for the mainten ance of the survivors of the Light Brigade, who charged at Balaclava, is still in adequate. Mr Henry George has been entertained at a banquet at Chingford, a suburb of London, to celebrate his return from Aus tralia. Mr George, in reply to the toast to his health, said that the single tax policy was making progress iu Australia, but that the chief obstacle to its adoption was the policy of protection favored by so many of the colonies. j The employers in South Wales are united j in their determination to resist the demauds | of the men, and it is expected that there { will be a protracted strike. The strikers ! have informed the police that their presence j on Tuesday next, 12th inst., when the trains ■ are to recommence running, will cause the j dcstructiou rather than the protection of the j railway property. Ten thousand members ! of trades unions at Cardiff have promised to Buppor the strikers. The railway employes on strike at Cardiff insist upon 10 hours work only for shunters aud eight hours per day for signalmen. The dock laborers and seamen are supporting the men on strike, and Mr Tillett, the president of the Londou Dockers’ Onion, is at present in Cardiff organising the men. A shocking fatal accident has occurred at the Fyausford starch mills. It was part of the duty of the watchman, Joshua Hall, aged 60 years, to attend to the oiling of the machinery, which is driven by water power from the Barwou River. On Sunday morn ing at half-past 6 o'clock the maunger, Mr Johnstone, on entering the factory, was horrified at the sight of the mangled remains of the watchman revolving on a large driv ing wheel. It is believed that deceased, iu ad justing the belting of the driving machinery, must have been drawn into it and killed. Hall, who resides at Herne Hill, has left a widow aud eight childreu. A mishap, brought about by the careless ness or uegligence of railway officials, took place at Hawksblirn on Sunday, a pair of valuable iron gates spanning the line at St. John’s road, between the Hawksburn and Toorak stations, being carried away by a goods train and destroyed. The gates were noticed by the driver to be closed against him, but before he could pull up his train dashed , through, carrying the ironwork before it for a distance of 500 feet. Oue of the gate posts was also suapped off close to the grouud aud dtagged some distance down the line. An enquiry will be held to determine who was responsible for the oc currence. A correspondent of the San Francisco Chronicle states that the recent death of a lud named Thomas Sutton ends a case which was without parallel in America. A year and a half ago the boy, then a bright lad of- 14 years, fell from a butcher’s wag gou, and hurt his spine. For a time he im proved rapidly, and seemed iu a fair way to recover from the accident, but about four mouths ago paralysis set in, his stomach became affected, and for 96 days, ending at the time of his death, not a morsel of food passed his lip?. For a while a glassful of wine was given each 24 hours. His stomach soon refused even this nourishment. Then sodawater was substituted, and for the last 30 days only pure water had been used to moisten his lips. During this long fast the boy had lost flesh constantly, and at the time of his death he weighed but a trifle over 50ib. His Shruukeu skin barely covered his bones, and he presented a terrible picture of emaciation. Through all. this terrible struggle with death young Sutton retained his consciousness. Be recognised his friends aud relatives and the Sisters of St. Francis, whose school he formerly atteuded. He was too weak to speak, but would thrust out a bony little arm to shake hands in welcome. The physicians are astounded at the length of time the little fellow lived without food. DrC. Pellegrini, the former Vice-president of the Argentine Republic, who has been elected President in the place of Dr Celman, is a cousin of the late Hon. John Bright, the famous statesman. Lloyd's underwriters have- presented Cap tiin Bright with 100 guineas in recognition of his efforts iu extinguishing the fire which occurred on hoard the barque Beltuua at Lyttelton. 