THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, NOV. 18, 1890 THE AUSTRALASIAN CONFERENCE ON CHARITY. The introductory address delivered by Pro- fessor Morris at the opening of the first Australasian Conference on Charity is a very suggestive one. Speaking of the origin of the conference, he states that the idea arose from the charity organisation which for the last ten years has been in existence in Amarica. He assumes that the " Yankee notion " has been productive of good, as the Americans are a practical people and as they have continued the Charity Conference for the time mentioned. Of course there is another way of looking at it; the conference may only be a gather- ing of a few kindly-dispositioned indi- viduals who have discovered a congenial way of having an annual outing and by uttering a few sentimental speeches on charity gain some cheap notoriety, but it is only talk after all. The Professor does not seem to be enamoured of the American system, and thinks it is not well to imitate it. Conferences, however, can be practical when composed of the right people, and it is to be hoped that the Australasian one will be of that character. The Sydney people are not taking much interest in it, as very little good is expected from it. With such an unfavorable expression of opinion before him, Professor Morris thought it necessary to endeavor to show the advantages which might spring from the con- ference, and these he put under the heads— educative and practical. By means of a conference there would be an interchange of ideas, and that would have an educational effect. That of course will depend very much upon the kind of information and ideas brought forward. The members of the con- ference may be given credit for desiring to influence public opinion, and in a practical age like the present, much good may be accomplished by presenting to view, side by side, the various modes of charitable work; together with the gathered experience of practical workers—of men and women who are thoroughly acquainted with the actual working of charitable institutions, and who can state plainly their strong points and their defects. Theoretical knowledge in matters of this kind is of very little moment. But the facts and opinions stated of intelligent observers who are brought into daily con- tact with the destitute and those led astray by temptation, and who really have intimate acquaintance with the lives and feelings of the unfortunates of society are invaluable, as they are the people who can speak with authority as to tho causes of destitution. If the members of the conference gather in and marshall facts derived from such sources they will lay a substantial foundation on which to build, and will have a story to tell so astounding that if properly put must arouse the conscience of the community to decisive action. If they do their duty honestly and boldly they will say with no uncertain sound what are the chief causes of poverty, and thus lend their influence to effect a reformation. There is a vast amount of proventablo poverty, and organised charity should move in the direction of pre- venting it more than in giving a crust to help it to exist. In all communities there are destitute, sick maimed and helpless persons who must be provided for, but in Australia large and well organised provision has already been made for such persons, through hospitals, asylums, orphanages, Dorcas societies, etc. No doubt, these admirable in situtions are frequently imposed upon, but superintendents and committees are appointed to prevent that im- position. If they neglect their duty, per- haps, the conference will be able to show how the duty can be better performed. But it is not in this direction the members of the conference will find their work cut out —it is rather in dealing with the able-bodied poor, and it is a sad reflection on the con- dition of society in tho colonies that it should be necessary to hold a conference on such a subject. There is room in Australia for all, but where are the large-minded, patriotic statesmen to direct affairs so that all shall have work and be paid fair wages for their work? Echo answers, where. On one side, so long as monopolists and grasping syndicates are allowed to have sway so long will able-bodied poor burden the land; their interest impels them to ex- tract every drop of sweat from the laborer's body for tho vory lowest wage, and it is their interest to have an overcrowded labor market in order that wages may be kept down; on the other side if the laborer spend his earnings recklessly, say in drink and other ways purely self- indulgent, then there must alway be able-bodied poor. These and such like are nuts which the conference and philanthropists and statesmen have to crack. How to control avarice and appe- tite is really tho problem to be solved. A nobler spirit of generous impulses needs to be created or stirred into activity in man kind generally as tho perfect cure, and much can be done to promote this desirable end by wise legislative enactments. In the meantime something has to be done to keep people from starving, and the conference will probably direct its efforts with that object in view. The loafing nnd begging fraternity at all events should be discouraged, and the conference will do good work if it can show a reliable way. The Presentation to the Ex-mayor.—-The illuminated address which a number of the citizens have decided upon presenting to the ex-mayor, Cr. Carolin, as a memento of his term of office, has been finished by the artist, Mr. Frank Fearn, and will probably be pre- sented to Mr. Carolin during the present week. The address, which is a real work of art, will be accompanied by a Morocco leather bound book containing the names of the subscribers. The Bendigo Building Society Embezzle- ment Case.—It is uncertain whether or not the prosecution will be ready to proceed on Thurs- day with the cases against Mr. S. Herman, the late secretary of the Bendigo Permanent Land and Building Society. A rumour gained cur rency yesterday that further heavy defalcations had been discovered, but on making inquiries, our representative was informed that there was no foundation whatever for the statement. Busi ness at the society's office is going on the same as usual. Yesterday deposit receipts amounting to £706 became due and were renewed, while new deposits amounting to £300 were made. There has been no removal of any of the old de posits. A Railway Mishap. — Yesterday the train which leaves Sandhurst at two o'clock for stations along the Charlton and Wycheproof line broke down between the cattle yards siding and Eaglehawk through the cap of the cylinder being blown out. Information on the accident was sent back to the local station, and as soon as possible another engine was sent out and took the train on to its destination. Later on in the day another engine was sent out and brought the disabled engine back for repairs. The Railway Department and the Coal Supply.— Several truck loads of coal arrived in Sandhurst yesterday for the use of the Railway department. In consequence of this supply of good fuel, all the trains yesterday were des- patched punctually to time. Mr. J. O'Hagan. — The numerous friends of this gentleman will be pleased to hear that he has so far recovered from his recent serious ill- ness that he was able to leave Sandhurst, ac- companied by Miss O'Hagan, yesterday, on a visit to the seaside. The Watson Sustentation Fund. — The donation of £25 recently announced as from Mr. T. Lurton should have been from Mr. T. Luxton, the well-known sharebroker. A Loaded Revolver in Court. — "Yes, this is the revolver, and it's loaded now in five chambers," said Senior-Constable English in the City Police Court yesterday morning, as he unfolded the deadly weapon from a pocket handkerchief, raised it up and pointed it to- wards the three magistrates on the bench. Everybody instantly looked up at this unex- pected revelation and some, the ladies in parti cular, involuntarily shuddered as if they feared a tragedy in the solemn chamber, so ominously did the little " bull dog" look at one of the magistrates. "What! loaded now," stam- mered one at the dread thought. "Bring a loaded revolver into court," fearfully inquired another, but it was some moments before the officer seemed to realise that Superintendent Ryall was telling him "he shouldn't bring a loaded revolver into court." Then the dangerous weapon disappeared, and everybody feeling safe, settled down to listen to the constable's narration of the circumstances that brought the little article into his possession. He told them that he had obtained it from a youth named Brown, who admitted having taken it from another young man named Felton, both of whom, together with a lad named Adams, were at that moment occuping the place in the court allotted to defendants. From what could be gathered from the remainder of the constable's evidence and that given by subsequent wit- nesses, the facts of the case, briefly stated, appeared to be that on Sunday evening, the 9th inst, Felton had seen thft object of his affections safely home, and was returning over the Mitchell-street railway bridge to his own place of abode in M'Crae-street, when he was stopped and assaulted by Brown and Adams, who were averse to strange young men being Cupid stricken in their locality. By way of defence Felton presented the revolver at them and discharged a shot to frighten them, but before exhibiting signs of fear, Brown secured the revolver, and then the pair ran away. The upshot of the whole affair was that each of the actors in it were fined. Difficulty in the Liquor Trade. — There appears to be some dissatisfaction amongst the licensees of what are known as "tied" public- houses—that is hotels owned by brewers. They complain that they are charged 10s. per hogs- head for beer more than the licensees of " free" houses are. To such an extent has this dissatis- faction been carried that a special meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was con- vened for last evening for the purpose of deal- ing with the matter, but owing to the small attendance (consequent on several other meet- ings being held at the same time) the meeting was adjourned for a month. Sly Grog Selling. — A man hamed Dominco Delmarca, keeper of a shanty at Laanecoorie, has been summoned by Mr. M. G. Roche, In- spector of Excise, to appear at the Tarnagulla police court this day week for selling liquor without a license. The charge arises out of an alleged robbery of money from travellers. It is stated that Delmarca has been previously fined £25 for sly grog selling. Breach or the Licensing Laws. — At the Tarnagulla Police Court next Tuesday M r. Wil- liam Herd, storekeeper, of Tarnagulla, will be proceeded against by Excise-officer Roche, for a breach of the licensing laws. The defendant was fined £25 some time ago for sly-grog selling and resigned his commission of the peace in consequence. Sudden Death. - Recently an old man James Ahearn, about 70 years of age, who lives in a hut on the Melbourne-road close to the Duke of York Hotel, Kangaroo Flat, was iujured whilst following his usual occupation of a fossicker. He was employed at the time sinking a hole on the old diggings at the Flat, when a quantity of dirt gave way and fell upon him. The old fellow did not complain of being badly hurt, but the neighbors observed after the occurrence that he had partially lost the use of his speech. He was seen moving about for a | few days subsequently as usual, but as he was not noticed last Wednesday or Thursday, Mrs Griffiths, a neighbor, living opposite, went to his hut on Friday morning, and discovered the unfortunate old man lying upon the floor in a semi-conscious state. Dr. O'Donnell was summoned, and prescribed for him, but as Ahearn did not improve. Mounted- constable Lysaght was apprised, and on the doctor's re- commendation he brought the man to the Bendigo Hospital on Saturday. The patient never rallied, and expired early yesterday morning. As the resident surgeon at the hospi- tal was unable to certify as to the cause of death, the matter was reported to the coroner, and an inquiry will be held to-day. Brutal Assault on a Chinaman. — Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Saturday night a brutal assault was committed on a Chinaman named Leong Chong Fong in Bridge- street, near the gasworks. It seems that the unfortunate Celestial and a fellow countryman named Frederick Goon Wing live at Kangaroo Flat, and were returning home from the Ironbark Chinese Camp, when they were accosted by two young men. Fong, it appears, was in the act of going on his way, but was again prevented by tho men who struck him and knocked him into the street channel. He then called out for assistance, whereupon they renewed the attack, and mercilessly belabored him about the head and face with their fists, after which they kicked him violently. As the result of the rough treatment he re- ceived from the men he was severely injured, and had to be taken to the hospital, where he will probably have to remain for several days. Yesterday morning the other Chinamm, who was not assaulted by the ruffians, swore an in- formation against his mate's assailants, whose names he did not know. The warrant was placed in the hands of Plain-clothes Constable Walsh, who arrasted a young man named James Cahill, aged about 21 years, as one of the men who had taken part in the cowardly and—according to the Chinamen—unpro- voked assault. Cahill, who is employed by Mr. Linz, a baker carrying on business in Bridge-street, near the spot where the assault was committed, upon being taken to the watchhouse protested that he was innocent of the charge, but stated that he was on the scene immediately after the assault had taken place, having been attracted by the Chinaman's cries. Both the Chinamen, however, positively assert that he was one of the men who molested them. After being in the lockup sometime he was brought before Mr. P. Hayes, J.P., and remanded until this morning, bail being allowed in the sum of £50. Another remand will most probably be applied for this morning, as the injuries inflicted on the Chinaman are of such a nature as to render him unable to appear in court for a week or more. Turbulent Navvies. — Mounted-constable Gorin, when on duty yesterday at the Torrum- barry Irrigation works, some 22 miles from here (states the Eehuca correspondent of the " Herald,") met witli some rough treatment at the hands of the navvies employed on the works. He was in the act of arresting a man who was exposing himself before a number of women and children, when the man resisted violently, assaulting the constable and striking his horse on the head and face. He was endeavoring to handcuff him, when the navvies rushed him and rescued the prisoner. With the aid of some respectable men present the constable handcuffed the man, whon the mob again rushed Gorin, who had to draw his revolver. Tho prisoner was ultimately brought to Echuca and looked up. He will appear before the court in the morning. War- rants were issued yesterday for the arrest of three of the ringleaders. School of Mines Prizes. — At the meeting of the Administrative Council of the School of Mines last night Mr Cohen, at the request of Dr. Quick, who was unavoidably absent, re- furred to the recent resolution directing that circulars should be sent to the pupils who were successful at the late South Kensington Exhibi- tion, and also at the school examinations, noti- fying them that they can obtain their prizes on application to the registrar, Mr. D. J. Moor- head. Mr. Cohen said it appeared that some little dissatisfaction existed according to an anonymous letter forwarded to Dr. Quick. The letter, which was evidently from a successful female pupil suggested that the prizes should Bo distributed publicly, especially as the prize winners had been kept waiting for their prizes for eleven months. Mr. Cohen pointed out that at the last meeting it was not considered desirable to have a public distribution in view of the length of time that had elapsed, but the prize winners, no doubt, felt that a little publicity should be given of the success they had achieved. He therefore moved that the list of prize winners, with the names of the gentlemen who gave the prizes, should be ad- vertised. The Rev. J. Garlick aeconded the motion. Mr. Abbott thought a public distri- bution would be preferable. They would then have the remarks made on the occasion, and the list of prize winners published in the press, and the expense of advertising the list would be saved. The only expense, would be the ad- vertisements announcing that the distribution would take place. He moved an amendment that a public distribution, by the president be held at an early date to be fixed by him. Dr. Penfold seconded the amendment, which was carried, Mr Cohen withdrawing his motion. Bendigo Art Gallery. — Herbert Schmalz's picture " Too Late" having arrived, the com- mittee advertise in another column that the Gallery will be closed on Tuesday and Wednes- day while the necessary alterations and arrange ments are made. There will be a private view for members on Thursday, and the Gallery will be open to the public on Friday next as usual. Haymaking (writes our Myers' Flat corres- pondent) commenced throughout the Myers' Flat district during the present week, princi- pally amongst crops infected with wild oats, the greater portion of the cleaner crops being re- served for grain. A few farmers have com- menced stack building and their stacks are nearly completed, but they have been put to considerable inconvenience through the late rain necessitating the pulling down and rehandling of the partly stacked hay. TRAFFIC RETURNS. — The Victorian Railways traffic returns for week ending 13th November, 1890, show the following results-:—The number of miles open were 2,648, as against 2,282 for the corresponding week in 1889. Total returns for the week ending 13th November, L66,299 5s; for corresponding period of 1889, L68,792 10s 7d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, 1890, L1,141.183 5s 1d; for corresponding period of 1889, L1,122,109 16s, 4d. Weekly average for twenty weeks, L57,059 3s 3d; for corresponding period of 1889, L56,105 9s 9d. Bendigo School of Mines. — The adjourned ordinary meeting of the Administrative Council was held last evening. Present: Messrs. C. Roeder, vice-president (in the chair), C. Cohen, A. Bayne, J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., R. J. Liddell, Drs. Hugh Boyd and Penfold, and the Rev. J. Garlick. Apologies were received from the president (Dr. Macgillivray) and Dr. Quick. The meeting had been adjourned, it will be remembered, for the consideration of the revised code of rules. A brief conversational discussion took place the general opinion being that it would be better to further pospone the meeting in the absence of the president and Dr. Quick. It was ultimately agreed to adjourn the meeting until next Thursday week, the 27th inst., at 8 p.m. Science Society. — A meeting of this society was held at the School of Mines last evening. There was only a moderate attendance of mem- bers, and the Rev. J. M'Laren was voted to the chair. The Rev. J Garlick apologised for the absence of the president, Dr. Macgillivray, who had been suddenly called away from Sandhurst, but who would otherwise have read a paper on " Mimicry in plants and animals." Mr. J. E. Edwards, a student at the school, read a very interesting paper on "The chemical issues of solar heat," which was attentively listened to, aud thoroughly appreciated by all present On the motion of Dr. Colquhoun, seconded by Mr. Carwardine, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Edwards for his excellent contri- bution. The meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The A.N. A. Picnic.—Tenders for the various booths and privileges in connection with the above must be lodged at the A.N.A. Depot, Pall Mall, before seven o'clock this evening. Lecture on Irrigation and Fruit Culture —Mr. John West, the Government irrigation expert, who has just returned from America, will next Tuesday night, at eight o'clock, in the Town Hall, deliver a lecture on irrigation and fruit growing, raisin making, etc.,which will be illustrated by photographs exhibited by lime light. Admission is free. " Will Carleton's Farm Ballads and Poems" is the subject of a lecture to be delivered in the new lecture hall at the School of Mines by Professor Wallace, of Melbourne, on Thursday evening. The lecture should be very interest- ing. Serious Building Accident. — A serious accidcnt, resulting in the death of one work- man and serious injuries to another, occurred on Saturday morning (states the "Age ") at the New Stock Exchange building in course of erec- tion in Collins street. The men employed on the contract resumed work at the usual hour on Saturday morning, and shortly afterwards a fall of scaffolding occurred on the seventh story over 100 feet from the ground. There wore two men on the scaffold at the time, and they were working immediately above the well provided for the lift, which will eventually be pro- vided. When the accident occurred a laborer named John Bearcroft was precipitated down this well to the very foundation of the building, a distance of 102 feet, and he shortly afterwards expired in the Melbourne Hos- pital from the injuries received by his terrible fall. George Mason, the foreman, Mason, who was on the scaffold with Bearcroft, had a miracu- Ious escape, as it was only by a well timed spring just as he felt the scaffold going, that he was enabled to reach a window opening, from which he was subsequently rescued by other workmen. He sustained some severe scratches on his arms from contact with the rough brick work, but he was otherwise uninjured. Portion of the falling timber struck a man named Woods, who was engaged on a lower scaffold, and he received a nasty scalp wound and a num- ber of bruises, but while his injuries are some- what serious his life is in no way endangered, and he went to his home in Carltoa after having his wounds dressed at the hospital. There is considerable doubt as to the real cause of the accident or whether the scaffold was insecure, but the fact appears to be that the top scaffold was struck and knocked down by a "traveller" that was being hauled up from the second floor beneath. Tho deceased man, John Bearcroft, was 32 years of age, and resided at Oxford street, Collingwood. He was a married man, and he leaves a wife and several young children unprovided for. In reference to Mr. G. J. R. Conolan's art studio at Malvern, which was opened last month, the "Sun" has the following :— "It is only a few years since Mr. Conolan took up the study of painting in earnest, and his natural talent and rapid progress under Signor Ro lando's tuition is proved by the fact that he gained the third order of merit at the late New Zealand Exhibition for a well executed picture of Lake Tyers, Gippsland. This painting now adorns his studio. The time is evening, and the golden light of the setting sun falls softly over the peaceful waters, casting with strong relief the deep shadows thrown by the fine eucalypts which margin the lake, the characters of these trees being well brought out with a bold free hand. "A Peaceful Hour" shows some cattle browsing on a hill side, the deep cobalt blue, so peculiar to Australian mountains, being faithfully represented. Some fallen timber, overgrown with ferns, makes a charming back ground. " Feathertop"' shows that alpine king with its summit tipped with snow. (When thus crowned, its resemblance to the plumes of an officer's hat has given the mountain the name of Feathertop.) The sun is sinking behind the peak, and tints the snow with the gold and pink glories of the dying day, while in the valley below meanders the Ovens River. A majestic old red gum stands sentinel in the foreground. Two sketches in the vicinity of Jackson's Creek give further evidence that Mr. Conolan is im- bued with the true artistic spirit. Some studies of sheep and cattle show that the artist's talent is not confined to the landscape painting. "A Misty Morning" is a very charming canvas. The atmospheric effects have been cleverly caught, the distant trees looking like ghosts, wrapped in their filmy robes of mist. " A Path in the Buffalo" presents a bush road cut through the giant forest trees. Dead timber has fallen across the path, and over these have been woven a luxuriant drapery of fern and creepers, the hills in the background looking softly blue in the distance. "A Sketch at Gisborne" con- sists of a bush hut, a subject always lending it- self to picturesque treatment. In front is a bush waggon with a horse tethered to its wheel. The sunny hills near by give signs of summer. Cohn's Brewery Fire Brigade held their second annual meeting at the depot on Friday evening. Captain Abbott occupied the chair. The balance-sheet was read by the treasurer M. Cohn, and was considered highly satisfactory. After sundry correspondence had been read, the election of officers took place, resulting as fol- lows:- Captain, C. G. Abbott, elected for the third time; lieutenant, F. Graatz; apparatus officer, M. Richter; hose, C. Kilby; treasurer M. Cohn; auditor, H. Iser; secretary, C. Han- sen; committee, Messrs. Kennedy, J, Cohn, T. M'Corimack and F. Doyle; lamp officer, J. Jordan. After an inspection of apparatus, which was found in perfect condition, the meet ing closed, Thb Masonic Choirs. — The choirs of the Golden and Corinthian and Zenith Masonic Lodges, Sandhurst (writes our Maldon corres- pondent) have made arrangements to visit our town on Wednesday next and give a moonlight garden concert in the Shire Gardens, in aid of the local charities. Shocking Fatality on the Box Hill Rail- way Line. — Early on Sunday morning (states the " Argus") a shocking accident was dis- covered by a man named William Welsh, a line repairer, while travelling along the line, at Mont Albert station, near Box Hill. His atten- tion was arrested by what appeared to be scraps of human flesh adhering to the sleepers on the line. On making a closer examination he saw with horror that both sides of the track were literally bespattered with the remains of a human body. He went to the Surrey Hills police station, and informed Trooper Healy of what he had witnessed. They returned together to the scene, taking with them a stretcher. The position in which the remains were found indicated that the man must have been walking along the line, and was struck by a train on its way from Melbourne to Box Hill. The accident appears to have occurred about 20 yards from the bridge at Elgar- road, on the Melbourne side. The remains were scattered in all directions within a dis- tance of twenty yards. The first part found was a hand, then the legs, while the head and trunk were found further on. The remains were taken to the White Horse Hotel, Box Hill, where an inquest will be held. From in- quiries made by Constable Healy, it has been ascertained that the remains were those of William Dyer, 36 years of age, who had formerly been employed at the Mitcham brick works. He had recently been out of employment. Prominent Freemasons throughout Aus- tralia (states "Table Talk") are diapleased with the action of the Balmain Lodge for initiating Mr. Peter Jackson, the negro pugi- list,: into the mysteries of the craft, for the purpose of placing him on an equal footing with white American pugilists who, to their shame, have hitherto refused to fight him on account of color. The New South Wales Board of General Purposes have called upon the Balmain Lodge to offer an explanation of their most extraor- dinary and scandalous behavior. Mr. Balfour on the Potato Crop. — Mr. Balfour, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, has written the following letter in reply to the inquiries of an American correspondent :— "I have, of course, received endless reports and communications of all sorts regarding the potato crop in the west of Ireland. No positive or final conclusions can be formed until the pota- toes are dug, towards the end of the month; and all testimony of any value, and which is obviously not doctored for political purposes, appears to indicate that the cry of general famine is wholly absurd, though in particular localities the failure is undoubtedly serious. The measures taken by the Government will, without question, be sufficient to deal with any real distress which may be beyond the power of the ordinary Poor Law to meet. Indian Monkeys. — Mr. Edwin Lord Weeks gives a vivid description, in "Harper's Maga- zine," of "Street Life in India. "The holy city of Muttra is the headquarters of monkeys; every window in the town is barred with lattices against these sacred beings, which follow one another in single file aloug the underside of the balconies, leaping past inter- vening brackets. Or with one bound they clear the street, and swinging from the pendant branches of a bunyan tree, they go in at some small opening left for a moment unguarded, lured by the sight of a bowl of milk on the sill. When chased out they console themselves among the stalls of the fruit sellers in the bazaar. The principal care of the citizens of holy Muttra is to protect themselves and their property from the depredations of this privi- leged class. How much beer does an ordinary laborer drink per diem? Here is Mr. Arnold White's calculation :—11 a.m., 1/2 pint; 1 p.m., 1 pint; 3 p.m., 1/2 pint; after tea, 1 1/2 pints. This is the allowance, Mr. White says, for a sober man, and it costs him 4s 1d a week. Tobacco Mr. White puts at another 11d per week—making 5s a week on drink and smoke. Is this a fair average, we wonder? Cement for Iron Railings. — For the cement- ing of iron railing tops, iron gratings to stoves, etc., the following mixture is recommended; in fact, with such effect has it been used as to resist the blows of a sledge-hammer. This mixture is composed of equal parts of sulphur and white lead, with about one- sixth propor- tion of borax, the three being thoroughly in- corporated together, so as to form one homo- geneous mass. When the application is to be made of this composition, it is wet with strong sulphuric acid, and a thin layer of it is placed between the two pieces of iron, these being at once pressed together. In five days it will be perfectly dry—according to the "Chemical Trade Journal"—all traces of the cement hav- ing vanished, and the work having every appear- ance of welding. An Egyptian Discovery. — In the "Deutsch, Rundschau," Dr. Biugsch, the Egyptologiste reports a remarkable discovery, which will be of especial interest to students of the Bible. In January last there was found near Luxor in Egypt (close to the site where stood Thebes "of a hundred gates") a tablet, written in hierogly- phics, in which a person named Chit-bet relates that he had accomplished many mysterious things, "owing," as this interesting inscription goes on to say, "to the great distress that had been caused by the Nile not overflowing its banks for seven years." The words are very distinct and admit of no other interpretation. The reference to Joseph and the seven years of famine will at once suggest itself. Dr. Brugsch critically examines the writing upon the stone in his article, and comes to the conclusion that it is perfectly genuine, and is the work of a priest who lived 400 years before the common era. The name of the Pharaoh is unfortunately not given, but the reference to Joseph is un- doubtedly correct. This marvellous discovery adds another link to the long record of the hidden things of the past that have been laid bare to the modern eye. The inquisitive modern explorer has gradually revealed to us the monuments and treasures of hoary antiquity, has shown us the stone histories of Assyria, Babylon, Moab, Egypt. Such wonder- ful testimony to the historical accuracy of the bible, if auy were necessary, cannot be looked upon as a matter of pure chance. Who knows what is yet in store for coming generations; what strange and miraculous discoveries are still to be made, which will really read to the amazed world as "sermons in stones." The first annual banquet of the Victorian Cor- nish Association will be held in the Masonic Hall, Collins-street east, Melbourne, on Monday even- ing, 21th inst. Tickets may be obtained from the secretary, Mr. Thomas Foster, 417 Smith-street. Fitzroy. Examinations of persons desirous of qualifying themselves to teach drawing and singing in State Schools will be held in the Camp Hill School on the 10th and 8th prox. respectively, commencing at 9 30 o'clock a.m. Eaglehawk Wesleyan Sabbath School picnic will be held at Axedale tomorrow. Subscribers to the Geelong Masonic Art Union are notified elsewhere by advertisement that the drawing is to take place on 22nd December, Mon- day before Christmas Day. The winner of either of the big prizes will have a nice Christmas Box. The winning numbers will he published in the Melbourne and Geelong papers. As the object is charity, and Xmastide is charity time, there should be a demand for tickets. 