fftoveh3t. IN JEST. Oil n morning in tho early spring of met year two moll stood loaning against tho inantclpicco of n room in ono of tho government nflic-n. Tho taller of tho two — ho who waa at homo in tho room — v..uj ft siiin, woil-drcased man, wearing bis hair parted oxoctly in tho middle, and a diamond pin in Miosailor knotof his ; tie. Ilia frock coat was open and his thumbs wore stuck in tho armholes of his waistcoat. Tho attitudo donotcd com plnconcy, and tho man was compla- cent. " Well, tho funny part of if is/' ho was saying lightly, .'his shoulders pressed Tt£'4,8t th, nmntelP'cco, " that I am diri- "l0 Burton Smiths this oven- . ltlg, ' ' ' " Ah 1" hia companion answerod, look ing up at him with oyos of onvy. "And so youwill gaze rn hpr?" "Of course." . " Lucky dog " "She is to comp to thom 'to-day; But they do not know about- our ongagoiiicnt .yot, and as alio does cot want to blurb it out tlio moment sho arrives--so for this ovoning it will bo a secret. I thought I , . woma ten you, though." Ho stopped away as ho spoko to ntraighlon a red raorocco-covorcd dia- patch box standing on tho table behind him. It boro, besides tho flaunting gilt capitals a modent pinto wilh tlio . nnmo " Ernest Wibborluy ' —his namo. The other waitod until ho resumed his place, and thon ho answered, holdingouthia , hand:. " Yes, I am glad you told mo, old boy, 1 congratulate you most hoartily." "Thank you, Jack. I know you would. I rather fool myself that 'fato cannot harm mo. .1 havo dined to- , day.' " " Happy follow roturncd Jack, and presently disappeared. Tho Burton. Smiths whom wo linvo henvd thom mention aro . tolerably well known iti London. Burton -Smith is a barrister with nionoy and many relations — Irish landlords, Scotch mombors, In- . dinn judges, and tho like, His wifo is 3<>ung, gracious and fond of. socioty. Their drawing rooms on tho topmost flat of Onslow Mansions— rooms with sloping' , ceilings and a dozon quaint nooks and corners— arc seldom ompty during tho regulation hours, This particular dinner party tad been plnnmjt vfe soinp e,aro. . mil coino, no do.ubt," . . Mro.'Kurtoii: Srfiilh had said onp day at breakfast, conning a list alio hold in hor hand, " and Mr. May." . But Burton Smith strongly objeoted to May, ' "IIo will talk of nothing but India." ho protested, "and tho superiority of Calcutta over London. .A littlo of \- theso Bombay ducks goes a long wajT, my dear," . , " Woll, .TamoH," Mrn. Burton Smilh ; replied— -iho Hon. Verekor May is a son -in JJUIU xjtin uiiui ii— no win i ii liu iiiu in and 1 do not mind. Only I must havo ; . Mr. Wibberley on tlio other nido to make . - conversation and keep mo alive. Let mo .. noo — that will bo thrne. And Joanna Burton — she comes thnt afternoon — four. Do you 1'iiow, Jmncs, when' wo woro at Tomplo Rothley for Christmas I thought . there wan something botweon your cousin and Mr. Wibberley T "No 1" "Yes." > "Then for goodnoss sako do not let ihem nit together." "Why not ?" "Beotiuno thoy will chat to each othor nnd to tiu ono elao." "Very well," ' Mrs. Smith assented, to " Thoy shall sit oppoBito orich otlior, and < H Mr. Wibherloy shall tnko in Mrs. Onlon- . W tmo. Sho will 'bo suro to flirt with him, ji and wo can watch Joan's face. I ahall soon seo if thcro is 'anything botweon . " ilvi ; then, of courso." t ®'.Vor.y clover plan, my dear." Sir. Wibborloy was a young man of somo importnnco, if only in his capacity ' of private secretary to a minister. IIo had u thoiiaaud acquaintances and cor- tainly two frionds — porhapa three. Ho 'might . bo something somo day. Ho (ir.'sucd well, looked woll, and talked woli. - IIo. was a triilo concoited ; but v/omcn liko that in young men, and ho had nu infinite tact. , At anyrato ho had never yet found hiraaelf in a place too straight for him. This ovoning us ho dressod for dinner ho was in his happiest tnood. Everything Bcomod .to bo going woll wiih him. He waa going to a house where ho would bo appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a groat ally of his. And then thoro would bo, ag wo know, someono olso. " Lady Linacro," said his hostess as sho introduced him to n stout porsoriKge with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibborloy bowed profoundly over tho dowagor's hand. " Mr. May you havo mot boforo," con tinued his hostess, "and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not?" IIo murmured assent, whilo Joanna ohook hands with him frankly and quiotly, with the ghost of a smilo, perhaps. Ho played his part woll, too, for ft ir.omout, but halted in hio sentence as it flashed across his mind that (his was thoir first mooting since sho had nuid yes. IIo ro- covoroa from his momentary embarrass ment, howovor, and cuTorcd his arm to Mrs. Galantino. Sho was an old friend of his— as frionds go in Bocioty. Ho had taken hor in to dinner, that is, two or threo times. " Who is that girl?" sho asked, when thoy woro seated, and sho raised her glassos and stared at hor vis-a-vis. "I docloxo sho would bo pretty if hor noso woro ttot so short." Go seized tho oxouso to put up his glass, too, and tako a look. " It is rathor short," ho admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical Bonao of ownership at thd deficient organ. "But somo pcoplo liko short noaea, don'C you know ?" "And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums I But .seriously, sho would bo pretty if it v/oro not for that." a WahI-1 «I«A o" "Woll, I think sho. would, do you know ?" And cortainly Joanna waa protly, though her forehead was too lorgo, her noso too small, and her lips too fall. Hor eyes woro bright, her comploxion perfect, and hor faco told of wit and good tompor. Sho had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantino said nothing about tho arms, because hor own did not form ono pf hor attractivo points. Wibborloy, howovor, was thinking of thom, and whether a certain brocclot ho had would fit thom. Ho saw Joanna woro a bracelet — a skolcliy gold thing. Ho woudotcd whethor ho should beg it for a pattorn,'or whothor it might not bo tuoro pleasant to measure tho wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantino returned to tho chargo fresh as a rose, " Slio is a consist, is sho not ?" sho said, spoilking so loud that Joanna looked across and smiled. " I havo novcr met her beforo. Tell mo all about her, plcaso." ".Toll hor all about hor!" Wibborloy gasped. .Ho saw a difficulty in obeyipg, as tho genoral conversation wns not brisk, and Joanna could hear ovcry word. Ho cast an appalled glanco round tho table, then ho bent to his task. - V AIrs. Galantino," , ho murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray— pray be? waro of becoming a — a potato !" Mrs. Galantino dropped hor knifo ami fork with a clatter. . "How horrid! A potato. Mr. Wib- .borloy? What do you moan ?" / "AVhat I say." ' " Now, how could Lbooomo a potato ?" \ "You boo my plate? It is a pioturo, You havo thoro tho manly beef and tho feminino peas, so tondor, so young ! And tho pof ato is tho confidant — it in insipid. Do youAgroo with mo?" "Bravo, Mr. wihherloy ! But am I to apply tlio pavablo?" sho asked, glanc ing sharply across tho table with her fork uplifted and a pea upon it. "I am to bo tbopotatrt ?" " " Tlio choice is with you," he replied. Mrn. Burton Smith, seoing him so ab- flovbed in liia cotnpnnioii, grow puzzled. Look as often as alio might at Joanna, she saw no sign of jealousy or self-conscious-, ncss in tho ghTs fneo. Joanna seemed to .bo enjoying horsolf.to tho fall, and to bo as initcb interested as any ono at iablo. Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly that thcro was nothing botwoon tho two. But Wibbt'rioy'a succobs with Mrs.. Galantino had its consequences. After tho ladios had withdrawn ho grew ront- leso. By ill-luck, too, tho Hon. Verckcr Mny had reached that period of the oven- ing when India was nccustomcd to put on its rosiest tint?, and the two facing each othor foil ''to debating .on a Bubjcct of which tho roturiicd civilian had soon much and thought littlo, and tho private secretary had read moro and thought nob, at all. - Thoy woro therefore about on a par ns to information, and what tho younger men lacked in obstinaoy ho made up by readincos. It was in vain tho na bob blusforcd, nsaorted, contradioted— final, ly gww pujlfy, sijent, stertorous. Wibborloy puBhc.d his triumpl'hnd soon, no wo slinll seo, paid for it#dcarly. It bo hnpponed thafc ho waa tho last to enter tho dvawing-room. Tho ovoning wns chilly. Tho ladies had gnthorod round tlio firo, protected irom assault by a couplo of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. Tlio incomers pansed one by ono ihrough theso outworks — all but Wibbor? ley. Ho cast a despairing glanco qt Jonnna, who was by tho firoplacp in tho heart of tbo citadel ; and then, resigning himself to separation, ho took a low chair lnr Ann nf tbn tnh1t>R nn<t bniTnti fr »i»m' over tbo books thorcon. Ho scanned thom all, nnd thon bis oyes fell on a brncolct lying by them on tbo olive green nliiflh— a slcotchy gold braeolot with ono big lipan — Joanna's. IIo looked at tbo rest of tho party with a stealthy glanoe. None of them faced his way. Thoy were discussing a photo graph of children on tlio ovor-mantol. Ho strotchcd his hand out softly nnd covered tho braeolot. IIo would tako it for a pnt- torn,andto-morrow Joanna should ransom it. Ho tried to catch her eye, as his lingers closed on it. Ho wanted to aeo her faco ohnngo and hor color riso. It would havo added to tho faint chnrin in tho boyish, foolish net ho was committing if sho had beon privy to it, yot unnblo to prevent it. Bub sho would not look, and he waa obliged to bo content with his plunder. Ho slid tho trinket deftly undor tho fringe of the table and clasped it on his arm. Ho hnd a keen sonso of tho ridicu lous, and ho would not for all tlio world that anyono bosidco Joanna should know of tho not ; that doddering old fossil of a May, for instanco, who, however, wns safe enough— ntnndin'g on tho hearth-rug with his back turned and his slow mind forming an opinion on tho photograph. Thon Wibborloy began to find tho party dull.' Ho saw small chanco of. a privato word with Joanna, Lady Lin acro, Jits nenrcst noichbor, was prosing oil to Mrs. Burt. .'v.ith, his next nearest. And ho himsolf, nfter shining at dinnor, had fallen into tbo back ground. Hang it, ho would go. It was ton o'clock. Ho rose, nnd waa stooping across tho tablo murmuring his excuses to his hostess, whon Ludy Linacro uttered an exclamation. Ho was loaning between hor head and tho lamp nb. tho moment, and ho fancied ho had touched hor head dress. "Pray pardon mo, Lady Linacro I" ho cried, gaily, "I am just going — I havo to leavo early— so tho oncroach- mont will bo but.for a moment." " It is not that," the old lady roplicd. " But oh I whero is my braeolot?" Sho was fooling about tho table oa sho spoko, lifting with her whito, podgy hands tho iow volumes that lay on it. No .ono on tho instant, howovor, scorned to tako in tlio situation. Mrs. Burton Smith hud risen and was listening to Wibborloy. ' Tho others woro talking. Lady Linacro was used to. attention ; and when sho spoke again hor voico was shrill and nlmost indecontly loud. " Whoro is my brncolot I" sho repeated. " Tho ono with tho Agra diamond I was showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith. It was lioro a moment ago, and it is gono 1" Wibborloy was still speaking to . his hostess,' Ho hoard tho old lady's words, but did not clearly apply thom. Ho finished his leavo-taking almost at his lcisuro, and only as hq turned recol lected himself and said with polito solici tude "What is ity Lady Linacro? Havo you dropped something 1" Ho stooped as ho oprko, and sho drow hor skirts nsido, and both peered at tho floor, whilo those sitting near asked : "What is it, Lady Linacro? What have you lost?" my iigrn ainnioiiu t . Bne ropneu fussily, hor head quivering, hor fingers groping about hor silk flounces. "No I" said aomoono in surprise. " Yes," she roturncd dismally. " Why, it was hero a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." Tho old lady hold out hor wrists. " Seo for yourselves. I have not got it," sho Baid, feobly. " But are you suro it is not in your lap 1" asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacro had an amplo lap. By this timo tho attention of tho wholo party had beon drawn to tho loss, and ono or two of tho most prudont looked uncomfortable. " No ; 1 am sure I laid it on tho tablo by my sido. I was going to put it on when tho gontloman came in, nnd — it is gono 1" i Sho was quite clanr about it, nnd looked mildly nt Wibborly for confirma tion. Tho tnblo was botwecn thom. Sho thought ho must havo soon it lying thore, Mrs, Burton Smith being tho only person closo to tho table. Burton Smith saw tho look. . "1 say, Wibborly," appenling io him hnlf in fun, half in earnest," you havo nob hidden it for a joke, old follow ?" 41 1? Certainly not" . To this day Ernest. Wibborly wonders when ho first madotho discovery of what ho had dono— that lio had takm tho wroiighracelot. It was not early— it was not until tho owner had twice proclaimed her loss that bo felt himself redden nnd awoko to tho consciousness that the braeolot wns on his own arm. IIo. might havo said at onco, " ByJovol I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind," but bucH oxouses to avail must bo mndc.at onco, and bo hesitated. Tlicn each moment mndo tho avowal mioro difficult and loss possible, until his. host, nskod biin if hp hnd hiddon it for a juke, and ho hail answered with woll foignod. sur- prisu : " I ?. Cortainly not." Afowof tho guostn worepoeringatupidly about as if thoy expected to find tho lost nrticlo in a flower vase or within tho globe of a lamp. Prosontly thoir hostess nlayed Iheao explorations. "Wait n. moment! I have it I" she cried, raising her head. : " Woll ?" from sovoral. "John must havo found it whon ho brought in tho tea. Ring tho bell, James, do, mid wo will ask him." So it was done. ; John camo in and tho question was put to hiin. "Yes, sir," ho answered, roadily ; "1 5a w a brnoolot on this tablo by tho lamp." Ho iudicatcd tho tablo nonr Lady Lin acro. " Did you movo it ?" "Movo. it, sir?" tho .man repeated, surprised by the question, tho silonco, and tho strainod faces turned to -him. " No, sir, certainly not. I saw it whon I was handing tho tea to?— to Mr. Wibbor loy, I think it was," 44 Ah; woll, that is all. You may. go," answorcd his master. It- wob ppt possiblo to doubt tbo ipnnji ond nw.no or. But when hp. had left tbo ' room an . uncomfprtablo ailcnco ensued. ' " It is very strange," said Burton Smith, looking from one to tho other, and then groping undor tho tablo. "It is very strange," Wibborly mur mured, . Ho folt bound to say somotliing. Ho fancied tho othorsi and particularly Mnv, woro casting special looks at him. . lie folt as if ho woro oaoh instant botraying himsolf by his changing color. " It cost," quavered Lady Linacro, ir- relovantly but by no moans impertinently — ".it cost tourteen tliouoand out there. Tndeed it did ; and that was boforo it wns sot. Ahush fpll upon tlio room. . " Fourteen thousand pounds !" Buvlon Smith oxolnimcd, " No, no, not pounds, rupees," tlio old Indy hastily added. "I understand," ho roplicd, rubbing his hoad. " But tliat io n good oiim.-' ' It is over a thousand pounds," said tho Indian civilian, stoutly. " But good graoious, Jamos !" said Mrs, Burton Smith, impationtly, " whyiiroyou valuing Lady Linaoro's jowollory instead of finding it for hor ? It was on this tablo fifteen minutes ago. Whoro is it now ?" " If anyone is doing this. for n joko," began hor husband. " 1 hope — " "For a joksl" cried tho.hoatoss. " I say, my dear," ho persisted, " if nnvonois doing this for a joko I hopo ho will own up. It has gono fnr enough," Thcro was a chorus of assqnt, half in dignant, half exculpatory . But no, ono owned to tlio joko or produced tho brace let. ' "Woll, well, I novor!" Mrs. Burton Binithoxclaimcd. And aa tho company looked at each othor K scorned nn if thoy also had novor known anything quito no oxlraordiniiry, " Rosily, Lady Lumoro, I think il must bo nomowhoro about j'ou," said tho host at Inst; " Would you mind giving your self a good ishako, just to satisfy mo?" Sho rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitato hor skirts when a guest said : " You nocd not trnublo yoursolf, Ludy Linacro. It is not about you." Tho Honorable Vor ikcr May was Rtill standing by tho fireplace. Thcro was a curious dryness in his toncn, and ho glanced from tho dowager to Wibborloy. "Then where is it?" retorted Jlrs. Gnlantino. " Ho you know ?" "If you do, for goodness' oako speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Everyone turned and stared fixedly at tho Indian civilian. " You hnd hotter nBk Mr. Wibberley," said tlio nnbob; ... This was all. But soniothing in his tono produced an oleotriculoffrct on ovory ono. Joanna turned rod and pale, and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at hor husband, IIo looked furtivoly nt Wibborloy, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibborloy had thought himsolf moroly in an awkward fix, from which ho must cscapoas bost ho could, .at tho oxponso of a littlo embar rassment and a slight loss of self- respect. But now I at tho first sound of tho In dian's voico ho saw his dangor — that social damnation, worso, perhaps, threatened him. Ilia prceonco of mind Bcomod to fail him. Tho room, tho ox- pcctnnt fnccs turned to him, all with that strango expression on them, swain round beforo him. IIo hnd to lay his hand, on a chair to steady himsolf. v - But ho did steady himsolf, so far that thoso who marked his agilation did nut know whothor it procccdod from anger or fear. Ho drow himself up and looked straight nt life accuser, holding tho chair suspended in liia hand?. " What do you mean ?" naid ho. x uo civilian rnrurncu nm gnzo, anu said. In cool, measured accents': "I should not havo spoken if Mr. Burton Smilh hud not twice appealed to us — if any joko wns being played to con fess it." " Woll ?" " Woll, only this," tho old gentleman roplicd I saw you yoursolf Inko Lady Linaoro's braeolot fom that Iablo a few minutes beforo .it was missed, Mr. Wib borloy." "You saw mo?" This timo tlmro was tho ring of honcHt defiance in Wibberloy's tone. Tf ho folt certain of ono thing it was that no ono had been looking at him whon tho un- luoky deed was done. " I did," roplicd tho civilian, dispas sionately. "My back was toward you, but my eyes wcro on this mirror — " ho touched an oval glass in a Venetian framo which stood on the mantel, "and I saw quifo -clearly.' I am bound to say thai, judging by tbo expression of your face, I was assured Ibat it was a trick you wero playing— a jest." "And now ?" Wibberley tried to smilo. But ho could not. Hq ohook all over. Ho felt himself —and this timo it' was no fancy — growing livid. To tho best pf my boliof, the bracelet is on your loft avm nowi" added tho civilian. Wibberley tried to inastor, but could not, tho impulso to glanco down at his wrist. Tlio ido-i thafc tho brncolct might bo visible ovcrcamo him. IIo looked down. Of couiso thero was nothing to bo noon ; ho might have known it, for bo folfc tho hot clasp of tbo horriblo thing burn ing his arm inches higher. ; But when ho looked up again, (looting aa liad boon his glanco, lie found that, something', awful hud hnpponed to him. Ho faltorccl. ntid tho chair dropped from his bands. Ho bad nover met such looks boforo. IIo read in evory fncp nave ono suspicion and con demnation, .Thief and liar! Ho road tbo wnrda in tbo oyes' of hiu quondam frionds I Yot ho would, bo must brazen it out ; and though ho coubl not utter, a word, ho looked from Thorn to Joanna, Tho girl's face was pale and scared. But her oyes— thoy anawcred hia .. right eagerly— woro full of indignation. They he(d no suspicion.- Tho moment his look foil oii her sho spoko. ' "Shmv them your arm !" bIio cried -im pulsively, " Show thora you havo not got it, Ernest !" Thcro wns such scorn, suoh generous passion in hor voico that it didnot noed tho tell-talo namo which fell go glibly from her lips to betray her occrot— at loant to tho womon. ' : / Show his arm 1 Ah, that was just what he could not do I, And as ho compre hended it ho gnashed his tooth. Hfrsaw himself netted and ontrappod, and his rngo and misery were so written in his faco that the boat and most moroiful of thoso about him turned away in shamo nnd;pjty. Evon tho girl who lovod him shrank back, clutching tho mantol in tho flrstpaBm of doubt and fear," Hor word?, hot, $ujoptido,' Ijad .'taken from bim JJa last bifw it- was. bo. Ho felt tii.o mi>rp'bibtorly on that ac- count ;'and a wild gest'uro nnd some wilder words, ho turned abruptly and hurried from tho room, blindly soized bis lint and went do.wn tlijo streot; His feelings whoti ho found himsolf outaido \vcro such as it is impoaaiblo to desoribe in smooth, passionless sontencea. IIo had wrocked his honor hnd happiness in an hour. Ho had lost his plaoo among men through a chance word. Wo talk and rend of a thunderbolt from tho blue, < but still tbo thing is to us unnatural. oomo iftw-apiuing cttizon wnom a momont'a passion lias mado a murdorcr, some strong man whom ft ntunning blow has loft ornshed and writhing on the grouncl. a twistod cripple— only those could fitly doHoribo his mioory and dcapair ns ho travolledtho strocln. It was mioory ho had brought on himsolf, and yet how far, the punishment oxccodcd tho odonco I How immensely the shamo and oxposuro exceeded tlio guilt ! IIo bad lied, and tho lio bad made. him a thief. Ho wont up to his rooms liko ono in a (lroam,,.nind, scarcoly knowing what ho did, tore tho bauble offhis arm and (lung It on tho mnutol. By liia lost act of bring ing it away ho had mado bis position a hundred times moro sorious; but lio did not at onco romomber thin. After ho had sat K whilo with his head botwoon his hands, wondoring if this really woro him self — if this roally had happened to him, this dreadful thing I ho bogun to seo moro clearly. Still, ho could not at onco mako up his mind what to do. Beyond oomo hnzy idou of returning tho brncolot by tho first post and going on tho continent— of courso ho must resign his employment ho had nettled nothing, whon a Btep out aido mado him otarfc to his foot, .Somo ono knocked at tho door of his chariiborn, IIo stood listening, struck, by u sudden fear. . . " Tho polico 1" hosaid to himsolf. ' . But a momont'o thought satisliod'him that it was improbable if not impossible ii Hi. Vm >!" I IL'" that this numniona f-hould bo tbolrs ; and lio wont io tho door listlessly and tixrow it open. Oil tho mat stood Burton Smith in n soft slouched hut, his hands thrust into the pockets of liia overcoat. Wibborloy just glnnccd at him and saw that bo was alono ; nnd thon, leaving him to shut tho door, roturnod to his chair nnd eat down with his bond botwoon his hands again, Ho tookod already a brokon man. Burton Smith followod him in and stood a moment looking down at hiin un? comfortably enough. It is' bad to havo had such n econo.as has boon described at your houso, but it is worse, if a man bo ft man, to face a fellow creature in his timo of shamo. " Look here, Wibborley," said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if ho hnd boon tho -thief,. " it will bo botlor to huflh this up, Givo mo this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacro, and tho thing shall go no further." HiB tono was curiously ouggestivo both of old friondship and present contempt and pity. But when ho had to repeat hia question, whon Wibberley gavo him no anowor, his voico grow harshor. Evon thon tho man with tho hidden faco did not sponrr, but pointed with an impatient gosturo to tho mantol. Burton Smith stopped briskly to tho placo indicated and looked. Ho was nnxiouB to sparo tho culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, thoro was tho confounded bracelet. Ho seized it, anxious, if tho truth bo known, to cscnpo from tho plao® with all spood. But ho laid it down tho next instant quickly as ho had taken it tip, and his brows camo togothor as ho turned ntornly upon hia companion. "This is not tho braeolot," ho said. There wns no smack of old affection in tun Luiiu iiv.iv , ii ..Ji? ,viiuiij> iiuniuu, auo pationco was exhausted. " It was . a diamond bracolct of groat vnluo that Lady Linacro lost, ns yon know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or threo pounds. For hoaven's Bako, man!" lio nddod with sudden vchomonco, "for your own nako, do not play tho fool now. I say, watco tip, Wibborloy. For God's sake whoro is tho brncolot?" No doubt despair bad partially bo- numbed Wibberloy's mind, fur atill ho did not speak, and Burton Smith had to put his question moro than onco boforo ho got an answor. When Wibborloy at last looked up it was with a dazed fnco. " What is it?" ho muttored, avoiding tho other's gaze. "This is not Lady Linacro's braeolot," " It is not ?" "No." Still confused, still avoiding tho othor's gravo look, Wibborloy roso, took tho bracelet in his hand and glnnccd askance at it. Thon Burton Smith saw him otart violently. " It is of the samo ahnpo," ropoatcd tho barristor, ieo in hiB voico; ho thought tho oxchnngo ft foolish, transparent arti fice. " But Lidy Linacro's bracelet has a Inrgo brilliant whero Hurt has a plain boss. 1'hnt is not Lady Linaoro's braeo lot, Wibberley." Tlio accused nrnn turned away, the circlet in bis hand, nnd wont to the win dow, where he stood for a momont with? out looking out into tho darkness. Tho curtains wore not drayrn. As ho stood thero, nthonviflo motionless, his shouldors trembled so violontly. that ft certain dreadful suspicion soized his lato host ; and tho dattor desisted from watching him and looked about for. a vial or. a glass: y At tlio end of the minuto Wibborloy turned. For tho first tiino ho confronted bin viuitnv .TIi'm nvna u'nvn nlrnnrrnlv bright, his faco very palo ; but his mouth was otrong and firm.. "1 novor said it was, you know," ho answorcd grimly. " What was ?" " I nover said it was Lady Linaoro's. It was you who paid that," ho continued, hiHhead high, a singular ohnngo ovident in hie domennor, an. inciaivenoss almost harsh in his tone. " It. was you— you who'suspcctod mo 1 I could not show my arm with that braeolot on it." "And whoso brncolot la it?" Burton Smith aaked doubtfully. . - t Ho wns shaken as much by tho sudden change in tho man's domoanot as by his doninl. "It is Joanna Burton's, Wo aro on- gaged," Wibberley roplicd stornly— so. ontiroly had tho two mon changed places. " Sho intonded to. toll you to- morrow. I. saw it oh tho tablo and secroted it whon I thought no ono was looking. ; . It was a foolish thing to do." " Arid it was my cousin's braeolot that May saw you tako ?." ' , V Preoisoly," \ Burton Smith said ft word about tho civilian that wo need not ropoafc here. Then ho added : . . | But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain?" J " Firstly," Wibberley roplicd with force, " becauso I should havo hnd" to proclaim my ongagement to all thoso fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. i;. And secondly— woll, I did not wish to coufess to being such an idiot ns I actually wa3i" . " Umph i" anid Burton Smith, slowly, an odd. light in his oyos. " I think you wcro a fool, but — you will shako hands?" " Certainly, old chnppio." ' And they did so very warmly. " Now, thop," continued tho barristor, his faco becoming soriou3. again, "tho qnostion is, wlioro is Lady Linacro's bracelet?" . "That is hardly my husino.'B," said Wibborloy. " I nni euro you will excuse my saying so. I havo had troublo enough with it— I know that— and i£ you don't mind I'm off to bed." But though hio friond loft him on tho instant, Wibborloy did not go to bod a onco. Mr. Burton Smith, hurrying liomo-' ward — to find when ho reached Onalow Mansions that Lady Linacro's. bracelet hnd beon discovered in n flounco of.her dress — would havo beon vory much sur prised indeed could ho havo looked into tho chambers a minuto nfter his own de parture, Ho would havo neon hia friond cast down on Iub knees- boforo a great chair, liia fnco hiddon, his form shaken by wild, hysterical sobbing. For onco Wibborloy was moved to tho inmost dopths of nature. It is not givon to all mon to awako and find thoir doom a dream. Only in dreams does tho cripplo get his strength again, and the mur derer liis old placo among his fellow- men. Wibborloy was fortunate. And tho lesson — did lio tako it to heart ? Woll, lessons and morals aro out of fashion. Oh, stay— ask Joanna. Sho should know. Wiixn thou art obliged to speak, bo sura to spoak tho truth; for equivocation Is half way ijiujjl «uu »uu wMvrni wuy tU otcraal drstmntlon.— William Fonn. 