O'WlMitt p*imb&*^ 1 1 Ov Wednesdaji'veyaping.iast a ^tea 'meeting was held in the Cooma i School of Arts, tendered, to the Bey. F. Bevan, B.A., as a welcome to the jparish of Cooma. There was a very ?large gathering both at the tea and et the meeting held afterwards. The tables were laden witb edibles of every description, bat the ab sence of flowers was much felt in the tasteful laying out of the same. There were three sittings at tea, and the hall was well filled at the open ing of THE AFTER MEETING. The chair was taken at about 8 o'clock by Mr. David Ryrie, of Oool ringdon, who said that when he got on the train at a late hour the night previous, he little thought he would have had the honor to preside at this meeting, and he did so with great pleasure as it was a welcome to the Rev. F. Bevan, who had been appointed to the parish of Cooma, and asked those present to accord to that gentleman and his highly es teemed partner by hearty acclam mation their formal welcome. This having been done the chairman called upon The Choir, who rendered the an them 'Sow beautiful upon the Mountains.' Rev. A. HolliDAY, Wesleyan, was first called on to speak, -and sii-i — It was with no ordinary feeling of pleasure that he was there to wel come the Rev. Mr. Bevan, who came among them as no novice, but who had given a good account of himself elsewhere ; and as a successful min* ister we were glad to welcome .hM here, as there was a wide scope for cousecrated tact, culture, and preach ing power. The work and harvest was great,- but the labourers were few. . '? ?? ??'-?' There is weeding, and fencing and clear ing of rooU ; . ' ' There is' ploughing and sowing, and gathering of fruits ; ' There are sheep to be tended, ,. ' There are Iambs to be fed ; The lost mast be gathered, the weary ones led. There are foxes to take and wolves to destroy — All ages and classes He can fully em ploy. The speaker went on to say that it was regretted by some that there -were different sects, but he rejoiced in th« various sects when they did co-operate. When Dean Stanley went to America, he deplored the severance of the Wesleyan Church from the established, and contended that John Wesley showed unmis takably how much could be accom plished without parting from the church. Now said the Dean, ' they stand aloof, the scars remaining like cliffs that have been rent asunder,' but now we are planting around these rugged rocks the flowers of charity and good wil] ; we are carving upon their rough exterior the images ot beauty and hope ; we are making memories honored with the songs of united choirs engaged in singing the praise of Christ. The speaker then said he and Mr. Bevan stood on two platforms, but the Lord could use of both ; when Wesleyan Methodism firstsprunginto beingits jointleaders, Wesley and Whitfield preached the everlasting gospel, the one on the Armenian and the other on the ,0a 1 vunistic platform, and God blessed aVid honored both of them, without correcting their Calvani^ra or ob literating their Ai iuenianisin. G --i could use Mr B^van without mak ing a Wesleyan ?-( him, or wkh-mt ma King a Church. n::n of me. Tnis w.iathe time. like v ou^ht to suiki: the watchword of the 'forward m -cement.' Mi. j id not wishvode pr cate the glorious past, fuii --i gnat men and noble deeds ; the English Church hii'l 'its mhle band, ita glorious host, \ta heroes ? of the Holy Ghost,' and Presbyterian had a past of which it might well be proud; ell honor to that past, but we must -WTOO]^iag^bn,'or eke our past^in-l stead of having an inspiration -will; be V ^stultification. It would* limit! us, it would content us, and thuaj prove our ruin. We must get away S from the past success, or else it will ; enervate future effort. Some tnusi-j cians have struck a chord, and it has j neyer become a ' lost one' ; we have! heard it in all their after efforts ; some painters have embodied a bean- : tiful figure and never got beyond it ;; some preachers have seen a clear, thought, and have not been' able to see much since, but we must move on to new effort and new organiza tion. Some advocate the retention of old methods, and tell us their was no sword equal to Goliah's. but it is now anti-dated ; men are employing new methods in science and astro mony. Tycho Brake was en abled to correct the astronomical calculation by the use of an ordin ary compass ; because he was success ful b- that method, we do not wish to make all our observations by an ordinary compass or a parallelatic rule, but the most modem appliances for the purpose. . . This era is essen tially critical, !and we as churches must be constructive,' creative and contributive to modern thought and elevated morals. We move on to new history to claim new truth, to kindle new enthusiasm, t6 shed new light on our fellow men around us, to go on to the perfect day. Some poet has said ?' 'Tis as easy to be heroes as to sit the idle slaves Of a legendary virtue carved on our' \- father's graves ; Worshippers of light ancestral make the preserrtrliRht-axritne'. j Was the Mayflower lauuched by cowards '?' -'J''\ — steered by men behind her time? ' 'New occasions teach new duties ; Time doth make old truth uncouth ; We must upward steer and onward if we keep abreast of truth. , ? Lo ! before us gleam her camp-fires, And we oarselveB must pilgrims be ; Launch our Mayflower; and steer boldly through the wild and wintry spa.' And Go,d helping us we will. The. song ' A, WildrGipsyk Chant' was then rendered by -Mrs. Powell, and a vocal duet, 'Pulaski's Banner,' by Mr. and Mrs. Halliday. The Eev. J. Mabshall said— That he was pleased to meet so many there that evening, and also that he had great pleasure in being there to welcome the Rev; Mr. Bevan into our midst. It is said that we are not to take any notice of what the people say, bat that is uot always the case. There are instances when we can take notioe of what the people say and it is so in this instance. I have been travelling over the same ground as Mr. Bevan and the people there say he is a good man, and I find much pleasure in welcoming a good man into our midst. He thought it would be well for him to say a few word's to-night about church unity if not uni formity. The Christian Church, which comprised .one-third of humanity, was split up into a multitude of sects — in our own land there were about 24 or 80 set forth in our year books, and he would not like to make an attempt to number the seots of the Ohristian world. The differences were mainly in church government and doctrine. In ohuroh government there were three — Episcopal, Presbyterian and Congre gational. 'The doctrinal differences were these— Calvanistio, Armenian and the ridiculous or superstitisus. These would comprehend .the various sects that are to Ite found. He .felt that these differences were of man and not of God, and *' were contrary to '? that memorable prayer of Ghrifit in the 17th Chapter of John— ? That they may _ 'be o-i' as he and the Father are one.' Miiiy :ui attempt to justify their tlffer ences hud been made —one' that 'differ- ent tus es had to bo suited — another tb l tlie different sects acted as spurs to. the lalnuirors iuvieiug with one an otiier, o build up their respective sects, and rivalry in a good work wns good ; \--ut if they cyers iaipellod by no higher principle to be zealous in the gospel work they were unfit for the Masters service, a ad he neither wanted to be a spur in the *ide: of his two friends Mr. Bevau and Mr. Holliclay, nor did he want them to be bo spurs in his side in the gospel work iu this district. WiM difiei^i aeBMhtoftQUgiwewjh^ other » few imnMs btimuhiiioii during . fa'mtjnh, andthW'wfti'tUft cafe' hwe. Thai th»7 w«M:;m»mo»i of tha same body, but whai 'when th«f hand %buia try to pluck out tha eye or to rob it of ite glory. He believed the day would eome when we would be one, and as the. previous speaker said— there were joxos to be taken and wolves to be cap tured— they had need to be united for that work and in meeting the enemy they shall stand together. . He then urged to a liberal support of their min ister. Some thought that the gospel ministry could be -dispensed with, bbt he thought , that the day would n»t come on earth when men would require to devote their talents, fkeir attain ments, their whole life to the work of Christ. This was followed by a song, 'Yesterday,' rendered by Mrs. Cooke. The next item was the speech by Rev. F. Bevan, who in opening referred to the commendatory re marks of the previous' speakers. One remark had specially came ' home to him, that made by the Rev. Mr. Marshall as to the opinion held . of him by the people of tha parish he had just left. He felt nervous when' he1 considered all the means that had .been taken to welcome him, and he feared that too much would be expected of him ; more than he had ability to perform. Still he knew he had friends, as had been proved that night, and he was satis fied he was going to be assisted in the performance of his duties. He was pleased to see among those pre sent the faces ot old friends, those with whom he had been so well acquainted in the old parish. There were also the faces of new friends, with whom he hoped to become acquainted in a short time. The Rev. Mr. Marshall had spoken of swallowing each other up. Neither he (Mr. Bevan) nor his church were so voracious as to desire' to swallow their friends; be could swallow neither Mr. Holliday nor Mr. Mar shall, and If he did it would result disastrously in a severe attack of indigestion. Once more he thanked those gentleme i and friends for the generous and stirring welcome they had given him. He felt it would be invidious fco mentionnatnes, amongst them many he did not know at pre sent, bqt he hopBd to know them by and by. A parson, he said, some times wanted cheering up, like the fireman who wa& jast on the point of failure in ' rescuing a feilow sreacure from a raging fire was urged on to success by the cheers of the crowd beneath him. He hoped they would always help him by a like cordial cheer, and so will they succeed in carrying out the work of the church.' He concluded his re marks by referring to the promise of hope for the future and bright days in store for the people and pastor of the Church of England in Cooma. Mrs. Halliday then sang 'The song that reached my Heart,' fol lowed by a piano solo by Miss Ryrie. A beautiful poem, ''The Broken Bridge,' was recited by Mr. Phillip Weil Jn a most telling and effective mannen Mrs. Powell then sang ' Love's Request,' and Mr. Samuel Mackat, J.P., de livered a humourous,: practical, and generous speech. He referred to the retirement ot their old pastor, the Ven. Archdeacon Druitt, the work of the R6V. Mr. Bevan in West Manaro, and the slowness of the people of Cooma in not having the steeple to di« church. Towards the latter object he offered a donation of five guineas, and hoped other gen tlemeu would follow with larger sums. He concluded by moving a vote ot thanks to the ladies for pro viding the ea. Mr. W. M. Madgwick- seconded the motion, and said that the sum of nearly £600 was at interest for the erection of the steeple, and hoped Jlr. Mack$y and jillier* would sea thpif way dflsw io aubavibe to the MHOotoring of £h» j-oof previous to th« work Of b*ilding*th» steeple. Mr. David Ryri* promised ten guinM to th» erection of the steeple, aaMfat - . Rev. Mr. Bivan moved a vote of thanks to the chairman for presiding, whith being acknowledged the meet ing broke up by singing the National Anthem. 