wOKBSm SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. Photographs have lately been taken of the two interesting old astronomical instru ments at the Pekin Observatory. Those instruments are the most ancient of the kind in the world, having been made by order of the Emperor Kubiai Khan in tlie year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of bronze work, and are in splendid condition, although they nave been exposed to tne weather for more than six hundred years. I)n.. Wiuielmz, of Giistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should be taken from the arm. He has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and speaks warmly of tlie success he has met with, the patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immediately after the operation, and the affection taking a marked change for the better from that time. WuATi6 called "tlie ice-hag treatment" of internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and various other ailments, lias come into considerable vogue on the continent of Europe and has been introduced into Eng land. It consists in laying an impervious bag filled with pounded ice upon the lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English piiysicians oppose the practice on tne ground that the chill induced by the ice- bag weakens the vitality of the parts to which it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. The AblxS Nollet. has always been claimed by the French as the precursor of Franklin in the discovery of electricity. And now a book has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 174G, two years before the dis coveries of Abbe Nollet, of which the title is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It contains facts extremely curious for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is this characteristic paragraph: "What fatal surprise awaits the first experimenter who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." Apples have enthusiast ic advocates. One of theni, writing for the Country Gentleman, says : ' It is not claimed for the apple that it is a complete food in itself, but on the food list it possesses a value far above the nutrients it furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them after, rather than before, meals. If one feels that lie has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his after comfort, lie will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford greater relief than an alcoholic drink or a drug-store prescription." In the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonies of introduced pheasants. The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria ; the second in Protec tion Island in Puget Round : the third at the junction of the Willamette River with the Columbia ; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. Tlie two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territoiy that tliey will doubtless become united during the next few years. All tlie pheasants of the three colonies lust mentioned hare been imported from China, by Judge 0. N. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod. about five inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shod: or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from i1s support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a hell. Iu the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, show ing when the earthquake shock occurred. A singular Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is" made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when he has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place. bis soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the stream that divides tlie grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given iiim. Djl W. B. Richardson, in an article on "The Physiology of Good and Evil," says: " Let us iirst look on the ideal of goodness or perfection. The scientific view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To thein there is but One perfect and truly sane intelligence, whose immen sity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. Men of science of the strictest truth hold in most precious memory their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs ; i but they venture not to compare even them with aught that is above our common humanity." Ix the introductory lecture to the agri cultural class at 1he University of Edin burgh, delivered at the opening of the present session, Professor Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivaliy with the llock-masiers of Australia. There are 300,000.<XK) slieep in Australia, mostly merinos, which arc not, by the way, a flesh -yielding, but a wool -giving race. Professor Wallace hazards the opinion that,- before ninny years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavour and tex ture to the best Highland, Welsh, or South down mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretells calamities to the meat pro ducers of his country which liis country men hope he will not live to see. A Curious ExPEniHENT.-«-I)r. Galton tells us of an experiment he made in an aquarium with two fish. It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and'therefore invisible to the fisb. In one division there was a pike, in tlie other a gudgeon. Every time the pike saw tlie gudgeon he rushed to seize him, but every time he was stopped by tlie plate of glass. He did not learn soon, but for several months made this rash, and bruised his nose against tlie glass. Finally, he came to understand that for some reason inscrutable to liis intelligence he could not seize the gudgeon, and then he gave it up. He now swam about, seeing tlie gudgeon constantly, but paying no attention to it. Then the plate of glass was removed. This made no difference, tlie pike did not at tempt to take the gudgeon. He had acquired the habit of leaving tbe gudgeon alone. The conundrum was, would his de scendants inherit that habit or possess the original impulse of their kind ? Illustra tions of this kind or showing the operation of the principle of acquired inheritance are what Mr. Galton wants. 