SOCHARLEY'S FIDDLE. A Story. of the American Fratricidal War. O r"noOnIT O. M?YE.nI. IT is l mall matter to what army, North or South, this drummer-boy belonged. Young he was, his fair skin tanned by the grim old sun, his blue eyes shiningsout, like very forgetme-n.ots, in the dull, dark surroundings. They said of him in camp that he was a boy, and surely they treated him, in their rough way, like a ohild. Sun. burnt men called him o, " Charley;" talked with him; go poke of socnes far away, -% where those whom these sun burnt men loved more than tonyting else in the wortd lived; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, less unsopthistilated com panions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them ocnfide in him. There was even a rumor that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentimont. You may, perhaps, say that there. is no time; no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced in war.' It is not so. Around camp fires. in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, and lops, and hope remem. bered and told to listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death delivering sound of san. non, or swift whistle of the rifll-ball. Thus was Charley, the drummer- boy, a cyeolorodia of the gentler thoughts of the soli.krs about him. Often in thle dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the camp, and the kindly stare were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there would came a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game of cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, " That's Charley's fiddle I" And did anyone take the trouble to look for tihe boy, he might be seen perched up on a ledge of rook, orsating fiat on the ground, his chin pressed down, and his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes ha remembered, and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, lovelorn ditty, whioh had come by a devious way and a fear ful mislhanee into camp. So, here among the purple shadows, when tihe fire on the outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happinces, the samne as miles away they wars being played and sung by laughing, careless people in the crowned cities, titled with the tumora of war, not understood, but appreelated. But Charley had never been in an engage. ment as yet, and the men said, "Don't be so anxious, boy; it'll all come soon enough I" And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only it was so monotonous. lie also told the boys that this aunt was the only relative he had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she wan I" mortal angry with him " for going away from her-for, somehow or other, he guessed she "sort o'liked him." That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about " Aunt Teddy," and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw hlim busy writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her. " You don't know her," said Charley, " or you wouldn't make so light of it. Why, the could take any of you single-handed, and you'd never know what hurt you." And so he wrote often and often to her. Iut Charley's fiddle I Well, it seemed part of him. lie loved it I He loved the miserable little tunes he could play on it; he loved to sit down anywhere, and at any time, and strike up one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how muchl endurance catgut has, not to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and his blue eyes would flash as his hand swept over the strings. And the time went on; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-tapa his fiddle took it up. Tho day came when there were preparea tione for a battle going on ; the enemy was surrounding them ; and Charley was glad, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any more-except that it was tragic. Two men had been pioked ofl by scouts, and the grim faces of the boys looked death when they heard,. Yet one pleasant, cool night, while the long, white streets of the camp glistenedl in the moonlight, and it was not yet time for the men to turn in, Oharley woa seen by Bundy Green buselly writing a letter on his drum.head. "For aunt Ted, Charley?" naked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man stood there watching him for a long time,. lie saw the plereant,l brown fare with t&,: ,he w t b.negvaed , the willng(--nnd tie was a rougl, a verp roughI man, mmind you I -a tall, ungolnly, red-haired backwoods. non, older thlan middle lif, too I and one to whom trouhlo was no nooouOnt, beo?sse it mnolt ho ebrmounted. And yet he stood hers, in thLeo erly moonllght, watohino the drmns. mner.hboy writing a letteilor to an old woman. Charloy looked up when hbo lad finished. "Ito, lHandy) you tlher lotll" said lie., Theon I folded the lollter, lld direoted it. " Bandy, I'll gilvo It to yoau to sea prted Ino tun. Will you do it ? You've goi more ohlnlelllt tlhan I hlavoe," 0 HSlndy took iho lotter, ind said, a I he turled io Chanrley I " y)o you honow, boy that we elayet etohnrillltone tOiOroW ?' Yea, Chorlny know it, and he was llad. ti gll Hlandly (Ireen to tell hlnl all nvear oaoi obhlill tLe bIlttll e llnlt ihtd been floUllt llo!ole Ile Ilnbtoetid, and wes brilhlt ald oullirly iovr hl torn ila i and thu oler mlane Iiiid with hi I Ubjletl walohod Iha llhlt in hIt Ilosy's iyes, Iilld ndliled by pLathing himiI no Ihli, lion li, Yiouii'll lido, Chanrleyl" hI Rid. "And tlrn r! l lin 0 tutu' n, wio )lOW --wll Sivi ulsi?t ! 111 1lt I"t d in ( h ,)rk biought hlin thble I1lh eani d Ililt onill rill phl e i o~,+f liii? ilitill Mi d nll ilily llliil I?1,? it(rllI(liIlI: Il ill11ll i?11 illl. i'riilllill, Illll hii nt t i i i i iil. T l ii i, tt t t ii It h iii,, Ioiu t i,, t1 ,, nt, ........ t b bri l , ...... hi 1ltll , li gll, t I 1 .\li lI itt i ll' l I | it "l;s;o , (one liroil· unyil tIIu I ih ta Iu(lil: )Andill :lllly? 1 ,I lll: I/Il'I1I ," lhIe l,, \V01 1 lm 1 [1 11 il it i 0 11, Oil it ll , ( I I ,r1111, I'lni l illy I)' ,,l 1· , ' h I I 1 11 r11'0 Iiit ill 1ll ( sh p l ' 111 / 11 1 1u tll I. III' /l l IIIIII tll1111111 11 iiirI idi hl hl il, ', ? a lt l i II thewhelp( 1 loa (1 i' Horne.1)1( H isit( Ilotti s(111 Mlltf ly I l I nl l liilll,) ,I, fl )Iill I i t L tll nia,?lil iiallI~i, ,itel ?it witih huntl falv", (brIh hittihtl ld d ( 1I thi l llllil, l1Illl Ithtll l ro l fii' : hanlld was Iirlesed harld ilnl hle etad, Anii' the tune el:t on RIand on, aiid theu tare pazrkhld, the criekEts chirptd peuetiully, when, all at once, a bugle eolndtd, a con. tused noieo was borne to them. S?ody was on hie feet, Charley's drum wna in his hand and the enemy wat on them I Who can tell of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning when innocent daisien were red and horrible to look at, and the Ih,:ves of trees were blaokeloed and scorched by the powder? Who eon tell of the wild, emirched faces, turned olightly up to the sky ; the 'ead hands clutching the graes; the sol` and torn olothina pierced with a little n( ltlo, whence life and fluttered out? L mg into the day it lasted; and there were no more birds' songs heard. The white streets of the camp were gone, and a confused mass of men, some wounded, aend all bitter, were hereoinrsted. And tile fight had ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men wero--viotmorics I 0 TlThrorghmort tle fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. They remembered seeing young Charley hatless, hIis lithe, boyilch form in the thickest of the fight for there had been small order-it eorult not bn otherwise. And rome of them said he had been seen with a mualet in hie hand, leading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was i silence ; these were not his drumn-tapr. And somebody tle rounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll many nmn who would answ'er to bult one roll.eall iiroe-the amighty t11 of the Last. And when Ciharley's Iame was called trele was no response ; and manIy eves turned to other eyes in mute it q liry. So lon the rnlt went; and at lart S rtly (i:enrr'r name was called--no answer. A;aill it was called, alrd thenr- then Slolly Grecn's voica answvred from far away, and they saw him coming and limping rp the hill, Charley on hIli choulders, white and wild. The men chet red -yes, they did-theiy ohetred I And Sandy stood in the midst if them, hies lg wounded by a ball, and told how he had hren found by Charley when a bayonet woe going to make nir end of him, but that Charlry had used his bayonet to dreatdfl purpore, and Sandy had hbeen saved. But, strangs to say, the boy had not seeomed to recogniro him. Sandy fad tarken him on his shoulders, for the boy had grown faint and white, had calhd his name; hiut a blank look was all the reply he hrad received. " Charley's mind had stopped. There tie waos. looking at the men, a smile on hiis foe, but an unmeaning light in Iia blue eyes. They looked at him, they shook him by the hand ; but ihe said nothing-he recogniser no one, The surgeon came, and bhook his head. " Fright I" he said. But Sandy Green cried: "It's a lie, bepging your pardon I Tne boy wasn't frightened." For all that, it made emall difference to i Charley. DPay by day, as this portion of the army made entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter qnartern, for thie point omust be guarded, Charley loitered I about the hoepital, nrot rlek. not ailing, bus I with hi mind clohded. One of the boys bad hunted for his fiddle, but only the frag mants and the strings were left, and these Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay I in his cot ; for, raid he, "The eight of there things might makeo the boy worse." Tihe eurjleone studied the case. It was new to them ; a fine opptrtunity for experl. ment; and dxerimen it they did, and etmade nothing of it. And still Charley emiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, missing nothing lie had before known The men, when they met him, aolled out, I" i, Charley I"and he sermed to be pleased I at that-nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of lirm, fonr r eo le othry ilcd all so hked him. And Sandy Green was grleoed at heart, thoogh his manuer was as gruffni and rude as ever. After awhile the surgeonsecame to a strange ennoelion, They said that the life of Charley, from the firet surpriso on that eventful evening, tilht night o hen had I sren a fight, wna a blank. They paid thal thlere was no bridge to connect the imeo be. I fore, and the time after that terribly expert. I enee, They oilted vast authoritices, and con. fused themseelves about thrtm, and eo far aonfused Handy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley an though he were a ghost. rotf iRf ~t!'et'rr f€'P ISdj 1P lu !BIFIvli to Aunt Teddy, and whichl had never been posted, anrid had been forrgoten ever since At ight ofl It, he went Ir rpaper ard pencil Immediatly, Tlhant night he hIod told tIhe I boys he hard written to Charley's aunt, getting the dircatoln fromt OCharley's unpotd I letter, " Aunrt T'ddy's onming to carmo , hoys," slid somiie of them, In faint rememtrance of thl ir old humro ur, over Cilhrley's relative, " Handy tirri, Inin written to her, telling her all about thu tiny," ILa I lu I A few days after, a tall apparl. lion, gaunt and grim, draped In grey, ( made its apnpearnren in thIe hospital, asing for Ciarrley Molrgani i arid ill lees than al hour it was known all over that Charloy's Aunt Teddy had ortre, All who mould rountered past tile winil dw, Just to pean at rite, lint tiley dli not gut twiue, for i';r lleres cliok Iw,& sorntih t' g dridful I alnl It wnt; lvrrywieri it onfu v. 'fItoy wiro nfralI of hIer, 1hyi hlyoon tho e 111 runy, ut Ant,, Toddy wit oo nti~ 0 nnri. AI (HllinrIiy I HIII ] )ant aunt up to (( Ii nn I"r Ind, i11111 t lllI( taa buoy (111111 Jlil 'WII,,, Iii h, .111 1 i' , I'll J)'. dI Inw~, I, till 1till 1u 1 1l y 1', i t111111 nl (1,11141llhllllli~y Il1)W II , 111111 1'11'1.1'11 1111M1l II 1.1 it 11 1x, i 1I '"l , II If ild III, 111111 1i! 1 11111 1 1aý1 1111, IliIy 11x1,111 111, i t111 1,'IIII l 1 O w1 11I)( 11). iv lt Il/(llll! (11, Ii I'n1 ( y,111111 111)· 111)1( Ilk Iini ii1 I11 I11, 111 l 111. 11" 1 ! Ili' 111.y IIi11 it, r lll1, it I 41 II j1t i4 'I J.IIy l Il' 1)1, iiuul tl IIVIm 4111111 414 li ii hurl And o roulnniund uLnnoo y u'itnllnad bndu lhot, Apd when the men raw her sitlinr there, fierce and tn guard, holding the boy's hand in her own, and ho smiling and happy. looking, they felt alampin their throats; and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she lcied over him, calling hint loving names, for they saw strength thl re, like their own-- trongth of protection. - And, do yonu know, it was said that when iSlndy Green saw her coming in that day, ihe hobbled out as fastas no could, and with I a white face; a' d be would not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her about Charley. Ioe, too, was afraid of her-the gaunt, grim epparition. To the doctors she was a little more conciliating and, although ohe told them they did not know their business, yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's hand from her's to give it a friendly hatke, she mnid: " Don't, please I I want to hold him to me, for he's all I've got." And the doctor conuld not help grasping her's, with a great choke in his throat. " II we could awaken Charley to aoms memory of the pant," said the doctor to her one day-" if we could bring him baook to the day before the fight-if he could recognise something he had known then, we might save him perhaps." " I'm not a rich woman," was the reply, " but I'll write this instant to my agent to sell my house. And that money-all I have in the world-I'll give to the man whobrings my boy back to me." Now all this was duly reported about camp -all this and more. And it was told to Sandy Gresn, among others. He shook .bis head gruffly. But in the middle of the night Sandy Green roseo up like one poPsessed and eearched around, and found an old flat cigar box. all tile next day he worked at the box, worked mysteriously and kept lookers-on away. For two days he E?raped at it. On the third, Charley wan to go away with his lnut; foreho had determined to tale him home. On this last evening Sandy Green was seen inorhkn about the hospital; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about some final preparations for departure, ha darted in, tonught Charley by the hand, and limping swiftly away with him, took him to a little knoll far off-took him to a drum laid aide. wine on the ground, and, seatirg him there, pulled out a cigar-box. shaped rudely like a violin. the strinns of Oharleye s own lost in. strument stretched upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley eat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeant it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was followed by half the boys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, lnboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came the old tuna of " ome, Sweet Hlome," rudely and brokenly played; hut there it was-there It was I The mile on Oharley's face faded out,like the light of tle ignisfatufs . A startled ex. preesion came inatetd ; ne leaned forward I e liatend. The boys pressed olorer and eloser. Sardy Green's flagers trembled so that he could scarcely hold tie impromptu fiddle. All at onen, all at once, two tears rolled down Otnarley's face; he started up, looked confusedly abont him, opened his lips, Aunt Teddy I" Le cried. lie was esaved. Hslo aunt was kneel. ing at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly, Tile boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until tihe two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for lihe had done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. IHe had let tine fiddle fall to tile ground, and his rough face was seamed with teans. "l ere I-samobody lead me to Sandy Green I" cried a voice, the voice of Charley's aunt; "for I can't see, I'm orying so hard; and my legs are clean gone from under me I' And Aunt Tedidy was marched up to hint, but not betnro Charley had caught both Sandy's hands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy do? She just threw her arms around Sandy Green's neck, nind gave him a sounding kiss, before all the hoys, too I And from a score of strong throats ?amo a TcryThree oboers for Sandy Green--and a tigrr I" And she shook hands wlth them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house as a reward for " anyone who could save her boy," Tho olpar.box fiddle may still be seen there-and often it seen b) Sandy Green and ethers-and it Is ohristened " OtantI'rs 