NEWS OF THE WEEK. Ils. W. T. LOTON, the former member ter the Greenough, will again be asked to Btand for that constituency. It is understood that MivLoton will consent to do so. Tja}. Finance Committee have agmed to a farther grant of ¿3200 to Sir Thomas Camp- bell, and Mr. Parker/ each, in addition to the lau «riginally allowed by the Legislative Oonneil for their services in England. 1 r -* i n W» -wderstaud that the s.S. Tenterden has 7l8 tons of general cargo for this colony, the ila. Atoan*/ 342 tons, and the Nemesis between BOO and 700 tons, all of which will arrive in the course ota few days. i ^i -, --i.-.,, ,,--?.,.,? A riç-çiTjcoN for the windiag.up of the Weet Australian Bulletin Company was presented ppTnesday morning at the Supreme Court, by (I4r; P.'Hart, the Editor of the paper. Mt. Bart claims ¿?43 due to him as arrears of «alary. _ THESE are now seven lawyers in the field, all seeking the honour of representing some BonStitnenoy in the first Legislative Assembly ?of Western Australia. These are Messrs. fcarjt, O..C , Parker, Q C., Leake, H-iynes, De Hamdl, P. Stone and James. %i< * _ .-, *W* "understand that it may be accepted as almost certain that Mr. A. K. Biohardsop, who represented the North in the present 'Legislative Council, will stand for the De ttrey district in toe new Legislative As feembly. * i -r Q$ .Monday evening next, 18th inst., a sooial twill he held in the schoolroom of the Perth Weoleyau Churoh, under the auspices of toe l7WeBleyon Young MenB' Society. A very at troetive programme has been drawn np, and .''the,evenc promises to be a great saooe«s. ¡i - lira Honour Mr. Justioe Stone will hold a 'Cecial Court at Geraldton, on Monday the .S5th instant for the trial of any causes or «nattera whioh shall then by set down for ¡trM.and brought before him. His Honour , will leave for Geraldton by the Australind. ' Abobh-HNO to a London exchange, the mar* t'tügo'iót Mr. Beginald Ne ville,*, barrister-at ï Jaw*.and Miss {la Henderson, daughter,of ,Çolon(4,S« E; y^jW, Henderson, B.K., K.Ç.B., was fixed tor'July- 16th, the ceremony taking bleoe at St. Luke's, Chelsea. Miss Henderson was born in Western Australia. lill. ! _'. ; iLosa* Snuday the anniversary services oom* ..memorativo of the opening ,of to* °8W , cathedral tof St. George's were continued. In toe evening a really beautiful servioe, "composed by Mr. Stephens of this city, was *4ve& An impressive sermon was preached ney the Rev. James Allen. M1 i --' ' {Tan following telegram, welcoming Sir Thomas Campbell en lus return to the colony, ''Was' received by bim, on Tuesday, from Mr. .Edward Shenton, Mayor of Geraldton : " On .behalf inhabitants Victoria District, bid you welcome, and express appreciation of your nerviees in getting Enabhpg Bul passed. But jua. heard your arrival.*' iva-believe that Mr. George Randell has been .asked to atoad tor the Moore District at the ^ensning elections. We als»/ understand that Mr. Sandell has consented to do so. This 'will be a matter" of great satisfaction, as it » wbttla'be «impossible to lind a gentleman 'hatter qualified te -represent a constituency in the new Assembly, ! -~~--~----^ t. XKBTZKia- pf Mr. T Q. Molloy'a creditors was eld oh Friday week at the offices of Messrs. Holman, Haines & Co., when Mr. H. H. ' Holmab was appointed trustee. A resolution ' ---that* the debtor's affairs be wound up in /liauidation-was opposed, bat, as Mr. Molloy ?pbjeatod to the, opposing proofs, the matter jjwill be decided by the Begistrar. ' ^MESSES. G. & E. C. SHENTON' reoeived a *" Cablegram on Monday morning from Lloyd'sJ ¿'London, informing them that the gooda On board the Viñeta, lately wrecked at Cape t Towp, vere coming to this colony by the jDeverm. The Deveren soiled from Cope Towa on August 7, and, áhonld arrive here -abont September 1. i -?-p p THESE is nothing new to report with regard , to e/eefcion matters. No new candidates have been mentioned, and the only definite refusal conus from Mr. T. Burges, of The Bowes, wh« hod been asked to stand for Geraldton, e but has declined. <It is understood that in i tending candidatos are at present Chiefly , busying toenwe\yes in seeing that the names, ^ -of their expeoted supporters are on the rolls. ' «Ort PriQay week èpeeial services were held in < :6t. George'« ¡Cathedral, toe aay being the ¡Jaaoondanniversaryaf {¡happening of theCathe ¡>dr»l » There were good attendances, at the two serrloes.. The Very,Eev. the Dean preached ''ih"toe"mornlng, and toe Bight Bev. the1 ^-Bishop Hn the 'evening. Some very musical ioohaats by Mr.' W. Stephens were sung at the ioO^nhMrîjNriâoe,, '. ATÀ meetong of the Boyal Society of Edin *'.Wuin.heluloth June.the Hen Lord M'Laran, »J rice president, in toe chair, a paper was read .£*.*« V instpf West AxietraluufBirds, shouHng' t's theht , ¿geographical .distributions throughput " parnpbßS, F.L.S., .Melbourne, oommunicated J'Ôytbë^ev.Dr.M«Qrègor.f Wè leafo that \- the'ipk^er- waB'ttincli aprVréoíated,'and will «>I»«bahb/appear ¡to'!-he tránsaotaous of the fy\ßfS^fUiiUl -tj IMJUS li; ii 1, i i THE two new bank managers who havo been appointed to positions in Perth, both arrived m town-on Tuesday. As alreadyjuientioned, MJ. B. 0. Holmes will assume the duties ef manager at the Western Australian Bank, While Mr. B. H England will take charge of the interests of the National Bank. Mr. England, it may be remembered, was some time baok manager of the Albany branch of the National Bank,, Both gentlemen, we .inderstand, enter ott their new duties at once. IT is understood that Sir Thomas Campbell has replied to the request forwarded to him by the Fremantle Liberal Association, asking him to contest the North Fremantle seat, regretting that he is unable to comply with the request. It is stated to be Sir Thomas' intention not to stand for any of the electorates of the Legislative Assembly, bat be would be willing to accept a seat in the Legislative Council should It be offered te him by the Government of the day. WE understand that Captain Sholl, U.B.V., has received a telegram, from the Seoretary of the Melbeurne'' Bille Club, challenging his oorps to a shooting contest, at any range they may choose, the firing to take place simultaneously at Melbourne and Perth on a day to be fixed. Weare-informed that Capt. Sholl has referred the matter to the prise committee, and that in all probability the match will come off Ose Saturday towards toe end of the present month. ON Saturday¿ on the arrival of Sir Thomas Campbell at Chidlow's Well, Mr. C. Nether wood, of Fremantle, op behalf of the Fre- mantle ^Liberal ^ssooiotfon, presented him with a-congratulatory letter on his arrival in the colony, and thanking Inca tot his servíeeB as a delegate. The letter was sighed by the Beoretary.jjnJwibalföf thejeommittee of the Association, and we understand that enclosed was a request for Sir_ Thomas to ¡contest one of thV electoral districts of Fremantle at the ensuing general election. THE Commissioner ef Ballway«, with Idr* Keane, .started last Satordey along toe propos* ed route of the Midland Ballway for Geraldton. We believe that the route will be'thoroughly examined, and especially near the Irwin Bivsr «nd < will au .endeavour be mode to obtain a clpser approach, to the opal oountry. The Commissioner expects to be about a fortnight away. We learn from our Dongarra correspondent that Messrs. Bagnall Und May have oonunenoed the re- survey ef the line. i ABT«B full consideration the Perth Musical Union have decided to put Haydn's melodious Oratorio, Toe Creation, into rehearsal for their next performance. At first toare was a feeling in favour of the Israel An ifyypt,-bnt the Anal choice fell upon toe former work. It is hardly likely that The Creation will give the same pleasure that toe dramatic eta varied Elyah did, yet it may be anticipated that the interpretation te be given of- thik beautiful composition will afford the^greateBt enjoyment to its hearers, A COBBEBPONDENT, using the norn de plume " West Australian," writes to na as follows t -** Will you kindly tell me am I right in the supposition that the last Electoral Act was intended to extend the franchise, and, if so, what system of extension it (is called, by whioh I and hundreds pf others are now only allowed to vote for one member for Perth instead of two, as before, in consequence ¡of toa division of toe town into more than one djstrict P "-We can only say that the proper name for the system to which our correspon- dent refers is justice and common sense. THE Bev. A. Maitland, of the Cambridge University Mission in Delhi, Northern India, ÏS ¿at present visiting toe colony. He has been engaged in toe mission first as a layman, then as a priest, since 1877, and has therefor« lived long among Hindus and Mahometans. He will preach in toe Cathedral on Sunday, August 17th, in the morning, and on the 24th he will address the «hildren at the afternoon service, and preach in the evening. Next Monday, August 18th, a meeting will be held in St. George's Hall, at S p.m., When he Will give interesting details of life and work to* Delhi. Mr. Maitland has been a great traveller, and knows something of all the quarters of the globe. ON Monday a petition in bankruptcy, filed by Mr. S. Burt, Q.C., against Mr. T. G. Molloy, was beard before the Begietrar in Bankruptcy. Mr.-F. M. Stone was for the petitioning creditor, and Mr. B. S. Haynes for Mr. T. G. Molloy. Mr. Haynes opposed the petition, on the ground that there was no debt to Support it, and also 'argued thatth« petition should be dismissed, on the gronnd that the attorney, Mr. S, J. Boe, was not authorised to proseonto the proceedings^ as the power of attorney limited him to pre- senting the petition. After hearing the arguments of both counsel, the Begietrar adjudicated the debtor a bankrupt, but granted a stay of proceedings for three weeks. AT a usmeronsly attended meeting held in the Literary Institute, Fremantle, on Tuesday night, it was resolved to form an EarlyCiostng Association, among the store assistants of the ¡town. Mr. W. S. Pearse, M.L C, presided at the meeting, and was elected President of the AsBOoiatitnn The other office bearers'were appointed as follows. Vice-Presidents;Bev. ,B. C. Matthews, Mr. T. H. Marshall, Mr. W. T. Johns, and Mr. J. B. Doonan ; ¡Secretary, Mr. H. Goldsworthy ¡ treasurer, Mr. J. Holmes ; committee, Messrs. Sheard; Forster, Patterson, R. ¿Carson,-Miss McCarthy; Miss .Beattie, tod-Mise Çragge, The object of the - Association i& to obtain the dosing of the stores at, 6 e'elook in the evening, except on Saturdays. WE have received the first number of The Australian Republican, a new periodical published fortnightly at Charters Towera, Queensland, for The Australasian Bepublican Association. This important society is pre- sided over by-abeit omen I-a/tobacconist. The journa^ under notioe, as ita name indi- cates, professes Bepublican principles, and like »oat of its brethren, ia bighfalutin', nn grammatiool, and ridiculous. One of its chief .aims is " in these Southern Seas, auder ont . Natural National Flag' - the Southern Cress-"to "found a nation, and frame a Constitution which shall astonish the world " -,-a fairly large order. Perhaps, hewever, like the formidable list of objeots for which the Association is formed, it is " subject to modification,*' as the advertisement Bays. IN the -ooaree of the hearing of the charge of laroeny against John Morris, in the Freman- tle Polioe Court on Wednesday, Sir. B. S. Haynes, counsel for the prisoner, suggested that the police in charge of the case should be allowed to examine and crass-examine witnesses, stating that that was the ordinary procedure *în the PerÖTPolicetJourt. MrJ Fairbairn? stated that he bad only followed the precedent laid uown by bia predecessor, but that be was quite willing to make the procedure in hie court similar to that of Pertiytshe could see that it would materially shorten the proceedings. Accordingly In- spector Lawrence examined witnesses. In the «nd.the prisonor, who reserved hiB defence, waa committed for trial, the question of bail being reserved until the second charge against him has been heard. IN response to numerous requests we believe that Mr, H. B. Lefiey bad signified his readi- ness to stand for the constituency pf the Moore, but he has since discovered ¡that according tp the letter of the law he l8 dis. qualified. Mr, Lefroy bos been thought worthy hy the Government Of being mode a Justuwof the Peace, and the district ^vhich knows bim best bos considered him a fitting man te bb mode Chairman of the Local Beads Board.1 He has received an English Public School education, and is the son of one* of onroldeBt and most-respected settlers, who has been for many years a member of toe Executive Cbnnoil'of the colony. Mr. H, B. Lefroy is further well-known tos ooe-of our most enterprising audsncoesaful.squatters, and has been at the^heod of most Jof.the useful Work done of late years in toe locality m which he resides. But all this avails bun nothing. _,A wise Government and Legisla- ture have decided that Mr. Lefroy, J.FU and Boads Board Chairman, is not a properly qualified person to sit in tue 'Legislative Assembly of Western Australia,' ' ' Tas entertainment announced hy the mem- bers pf¿ the Perth Boyal Yoo\it Club, _ to be given m St.. George's Hall, Perth, on the evening of the jSJOth inst.,'bids fair to'be a thorough'eúcoess. ' The majority of the num- bered reserved seats have been secured, and we understand a' goodly number of the second and balcony seats havebeen already token up. The programme is a very attractive one and contains rnhny novelties, while thB music throughout is entirely new to ¡West Austra- lians. Great care has been token, we believe,, in to* rehearsals iof the Christy Mínstrelipor tion by toe-nuunbers of toe .Club, to approach perfection astneariy as possible, as they rely for.sufloess rather pn?the renditiion of pretty" songs and phoruees than buffoonery, Avery pleasing effect ia produced In. one Bobg by the aooonjpâçiment of one hundred 'si'ver bells. The Second part of the the programma being kindly undertaken for the Club by Mr. Hart, it goes without saying' that every paine will bo taken to provide a treat for levers'of music. We believe toot several faceB new to Perth audiences will appear on toit occasion., ON'Sunday some *of the members of the, Agricultural "ComunWen proceeded by the South Australian to Geraldton, for the pur- pose of examining witnesses to the Champ- ion Bay ^district. This tour wiU.iprobably conohide.the ¡labour« ,©f toeiCtom-aiasioa,,»»,, for .as (the taking, of evidence is concerned. There wiU. toen remain the work of «drafting their report, based upon toe evidence and ! their own personal observations of the j resources of the various localities visited. Regard being had to the large amount of in- formation collected, and the thoroughly practical knowledge of the subject to be treated possessed-by toe Commission, this aspect should be an interesting and instruc- tive one. * The Commission, since their ap pointment, now nearly three years ago, have Visited-the Eastern districts; ¡the Wellington, and . Vasse districts, jand have als» travelled overland through < the Wunama, Wandering, Munido jig, and the Blackwood districts;' and when they have made a tour -of the Champion Bay district, will have visited, pretty well all parts of *hfl colony adapted' for agricultural pursuits. The members of the Commission, it may be mentioned, are Messrs. Venn (Chairman), Padbury' Monger, Brockman,, and Biohardsoh. We understand that tob Commission will prob- ' ably be absent about a fortnight onJ their present trip. NEXT month, three new clergymen of the Anglican Church will arrive in tohv colony, the Bev. G. P. Metcalfe, the Bev. B. A. Adauuvaad the Bev. > H. Nethercote They are now on their woy here, it baying been arranged they should toko their passages by the P. & Q« steamer Victoria, which is due at King Geprge's Sound abouti toe middle of September. As soon as ppBBJble, they will f weed to toy Nor1 Western, d^ota 'of Iahe ".»Vi colony to whioh they have been appointed. Mr. Metcalfe will suooeed the Bev. T. Phillips of Roebourne, who has been obliged to resign his incumbency, owing to ilt-healtb, caused by the intense beat of the climate and the heavy amount of work to be performed in so large a district. Mr. Adams gees np as assistant-clergyman, and with Mr. Metcalfe will work the whole district, one 'taking the work in Roebourne parish, which will extend over the Ashburton and DeGrey country, while the other is travelling about the district. It is Bishop Parry's hope that it will be found possible to appoint a third clergyman for this district, in order that ita outlying parts as far, perhaps, as Kimberley may be served. Mr. Nethereott has been appointed to toe Gascoyne, taking charge of that and the Sharks Bay districts, and will reside at Car narvon. It is understood that the two first named gentlemen are nnmarried. Mr. Nethereott is married. It is hoped that more olergymen will be brought out shortly. ON Thursday night the new Postaland Tele graphOffioes were lit up for the first time since the erection of the buildings. The lights attrac- ted a great deal of attention in the Btreets, as the powerful lamps in front of the building threw« strong|ught across the street. The hall and offices were inspected by the Hon. J. A Wright, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, Dr. Scott, Mr. G. T. Poole, Colonial Architeot,'Mr J. W. Haokett, Mr. W. Stephens, and Mr. Hatton Bicharás. Mr. E. Salter, of the Public « Works ' Department, explained the fittings of the hall aad offices to the company. There are twenty lights round the hall. On the left side are toe two telegraph receiving offices, the savings' bank'and the registration office. Over eooh window of the telegraph receiving offiee is an Argand burner, and the savings' bank and the registration office are similarly lighted. On the right of the ball the money order office and the stamp office are also lighteâ^witoArgand. burners, and next to these are the parcels post offices, and tbeprivate.boxes, whioh are lit up by A four- way pendant, and the two windows over the poste restante and enquiry office are supplied with brockets. The two searching rooms are lit by brockets and pondanto.and the mail receiving room by pendants only. In ad. dition to the pendants 'the administrative offices are provided with movable table lights; and.generally speaking the whole oï'tbe rooms -Te'fitted with pendants,' and the corridors with brackets. The fittings were put up by Mr.'JameoJApsley.' . , AN-extraordinary accident oooured on 17th May at Woodside, L»ng Island, New York, when « mon engaged to clearing a drain pipe driven buta few f?8* below the surface I was nought by Quicksand; and, Respite the utmost efforts pf «large number of workers, perished after a straggle of fifr hours. Strange to say (remarks a contemporary) amongst'them were apparently just the men, next to miners, to nee the'most efficient 'means of resonó. They had amongst them a bunding contractor, carpenters,'; doctor,; «nd many artisans and Laborers, and according to repbrtsireoeived worked without confusion. At first it was attempted to dig the mon out, but the »poce was too limited to work ef- fectually in. Then the strong rope Was passed about« him, a purchase rigged,, and, simultaneously with top .digging, it was attempted to baal him opt; but,the strain waa too great to be borne, and he begged them,to desist. Theo toe rope was made foot with a less strain in toe hope that be could be held until rescued, but ii had to be slowly slackened from tipie to time. Mean while., a rubber tube hod been passed to him, that he might breathe when completely en gulphed. At this time his head only was above the surface, but his hands were free. A gong of men began -excavating « pit near ' by, in order to draw off the quicksand and reach bim from below. He sank slowly, inch by inch, and lived for on hour after being entirely submerged, except «ne hand, still breathing through the tobo. An hour after he died toebody was cleared from below, and Was then drawn out. ' GUSTAV OLSEN, a seaman on boara the Annie McponaldfWas charged before Messrs.B. Fair- bairn,'B.M. and B. Gibbons, J.P.,Otr the Fre- mantle Police Court, with having, on Saturday toe 9th last, assaulted 0. Benant,-the first mate of the same vessel. Mr. D. G.;Gawler appeared toj>rosepute._ Mr. .Gawler said the circumstances would sufficiently appear from toe extrantto the official ¿og, whioh he then read. From this ii> appeared that the defen- dant, who was the worse for liquor, was on the day in question discharging cargo in toe held. The chief mate, seeing that he was in- capable of working properly, ordered him on dook. He refused to obey, and used insulting language, and threw, amongst other things, a sardine tin at the mate. Mr. Benaut then went below with the object of bringing the defendant on deck, and the man assaulted him, drawing a clasp knife, butting bim in the face with his head, striking him and tear- ing his shirt to pieces. He was left for a little while, and when he ultimately same on deck was ordered to his bunk, but again re- fused to obey. Subsequently he hove a beef bone at the moto and custom's officer, who were on the poop, and again used ûunUting language. Later on, on his again attempting to strike him, Mr. Benaut knocked him down, and he was taken to the forecastle,. Evidence was given by C. Benaut, the ohief mate, and by J. D. Baux Burkitt and B. Parkinson. Olsen sold nothing in defence, and, eh Mr. | Gawler saying he would leave the casó in the hands of the bench, the prisoner was sen- tenced to twelve weeks' imprisonment, with hard labour, Mr, Fairbairn remorkinfctbot he j hadboen'boftvibted of A most serious Charger j THE Perth Local Court was hold on Thursday when the following eases were heard :-J. H. Monger v. W. Shearn, obum for £2 16s 5d for goods sold. Judgment was given for the amount olaimed witb| costs ; A Freeoorn v. Patton & Collett, chum for £7 ISs 6d for value of goods burned at the fire at «gatton & Collett's. The case Was struck out as the plaintiff did not appear ; J. B. Wallace v. F. Collett, claim for -S43 10s for work done. Judgment was given for the plaintiff for -338. J. J. Smith v. W. Rose, obum (for -85 17s lOd, rent due. Judgment was given for 23s. M. Meogher v. J. B. North, claim for £3 ISs, agistment. Plaintiff was non suited. Tue Court was adjourned till this morning. Before the Court rose Mr. B S Haynes applied for the case of Freeoorn v. Patton-A Collett to be reinstated. Mr. Haynes, said ho appeared for the plaintiff, and when1 the oase was called he waa in -the olerk's room. Mr. Burnside, who appeared for toe defenoo, kneW that he was in the case, and he- knew that his hat was on the table as were auo^his papers, and under these ciroumstanotts he thought the conduct of Mr. Barnside in asking if the case might be struck out was oontemptible. ¡ ' The magistrate said he could not reinstate the case, and suggested that Mr. Haynes and Mr. Burnside should come to some arrangement. Mr. Haynes said he wonld not oak Mr. Barn Bide to allow the case to ooma on again, after such conduct. The magistrate suggested that Mr. Hare miga try ond bring about au amicable arrangement. Mr. Hare suggested that Mr. Haynes should give Mr. Burnsido notice, and they could argue ttiB case 'oat before bia worship. The magistrate thought this a very good suggestion, «and told Mr. Haynes to give Mr. Burnside notioe, * Tan editor of the Centennial Magatine has issued the following ' notice with the July number of his magazine:-An apology is due to our readers. With the present ißsue .the Centennial Magatine completes the second year of its existence. During that time we have bees steadily increasing our circulation, enlarging our influence, and exhausting our treasury ! Three months oigo the Bituation Beemed hopeless. With »a "foot held in every colony, a good word from every reviewer, a more attentive audienoe in England than awaits toe -appearance -of any other Australian publication, we could see nothing before us but the ghosts of ill-fated magasines beckoning us -to an untimely and. Fortunately, however, the creditors with whom we hod to deal were public spirited men, whoso faith to the Magatine was «s large as their ohvims against it. They believed that the'Centennial had a useful and pros* perons future, and instead of killing it and fighting over its remains joined in,« .deter- mination to help it «vprthe initial diflioaltiea common to al), even the moBf; suopaseful periodicals, upon which many thousands of pounds must be expended before any1 ade quàté returà is possible. With signal generosity, for which we cannot be too grate- ful, many of our literary and artistic jean tribute» insisted upo^ presenting us j-ratnit pnsly with the work for which wé weto unable to pay in fulL As a result'of such-general encouragement toe proprietary will be »e* formed, additional capital placed at oar dis- posal, and arrangements concluded for prompt and regular publication in future. Mean* while, our monthly issues have been soily late, and that la the shortcoming whioh on this oóoasion-publishing as wè do almost a month behindhand-We ask onr readers, to condone. The August number will also bo tate, but by September we confidently heps to, hove re-established a normal condition of punctuality. THB2E will shortly be issued from the press a> pamphlet entitled "The Western Australian Constitution Movement." Part of u)s con- tents has already appeared ia the pages of the WEST AUSTBALIAN, but there are very many Interesting additions. Although con* tuning many interesting historical facto con* oernlng the colony generally from its eorliBBt days of settlement, the pamphlet, as may be inferred from its name, deals principally with the more interesting phases of the Bespensible Government Movement. Tho period so embraced runs from 1873 to the : granting of the Boyal Assent to the Enabling Bill, which will also be published as an addendum. The pamphlet will be found to furniBh an excellent précis of the growth of public opinion in favour of Self* Government, and of the efforts put forth to seoure it, and will further serve as a handsome souvenir of events fraught with interest to all Western Australians. The wrapper will be embellished with portraits of Sir Frederick Broome, Sir William Robinson, Sir T- C. Campbell, and Mr. S. H. Parker, Q.C.; the members of the Government and -legislative Council will also be represented. This work will be exe* cuted by a well-known artist. In addition a poem, specially written for the oooasion.will appear. New that the oolony evidently has emerged from her somewhat gloomy environ* meut of the past into the beginning ora bright and, prosperous career, the pamphlet; whioh is to be published by Mr. James Gibbney, of this office - may prove to ali interested in the land of their birth or adoption, a useful compendium of the Constitotioaal struggle whioh has plaoed the oolony on a level with her eastern Bisters. Each issue of this week's WEBTXBN MAU. Oentálns a printed biroular, with order form attached, on which application may be mode for copies. Farther particulars alsOjSppear in our advertising oolumns, AT toe Perth Police Court, on Wednesday, Patrick Burke, was summoned to show ooase why he Should not be pnt on the prohibited list, by which publicans would be pirobibited from supplying him with liquor. Mr. E. G. S. Hare defended. The defendant's wife com- plained that her husband was drinking day by day, and had been drinking heavily for the last thrfe years. He was a nightman, and had a good deal of money coming in. Ia answer to Mr. Hare, complainant said she was not in want, and her husband always ' supplied her withfoed and everything. When she was ill, he always sent for a doctor for her. Mr. Hare submitted that the caso did not come within the meaning of the section of the Aot, as the woman was not starving or in want. The magistrate said he oonld not make au order, and the case was dismissed. Ansell Freeoorn, was charged with detaining a pair of stirrup irons, the property of Edward i Tomlinson. Mr. Burnside prosecuted, and . Mr. E, G. 8. Hare defended. The case was adjourned till yesterday, for the production Of plaintHTs witness. A youth named Con- nolly said he was with Tomlinson when he ' «obOhe .horse to Freeoorn. He did not sell ? the saddle and stirrup irons. The stirrup irons that were on toe saddle at that time, were bright and marked nickel silver. He had see« the stirrups offered to Tomlinson, and (they were not the same as he left on the ¡.saddle.' The defendant said he did net notice the stirrup irons, and he did cot change thora. So for as he knew the stirrup irene pro* duoeu, were toe Same'as were on toe saddle .when hergot it. The magistrate said he must make "an order for, 7s <kU the value, or top return of the stirrup irons,-and costs, J William Burkenohaw was fined 10a. and costs ' for using, obscene language, on' Saturday night, ia the public streets. ' Edward Evans * ¡was charged with stealing «lady's dolman, value 10s. Prisoner pleaded not guilty. Mrs. Parker, ¡a widow- said she know the prisoner : by sight. On the 7th July, «bout eight o'clock, he came to her house and toe told him to go away. She went into the adjoining room, and when she returned to the front j room toe prisoner, had gone and she missed 1 the dolman produced. Prisoner's daughter «aid her father gave her the dolman produced to wear, but he would not say where he hod j got it. Prisoner was sent' to prison foi one mouth with hard labour. . Michael MaUoney was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, on a oborge-ef drunkenness. " Silly Charley.,'' « (Chinaman, was charged with sleeping hi an nnoooupied house, and farther with resisting the police. He was remanded for medical excminattoht as tojhis sanity. '; ' f "' , 