The Actor and tho Washerwoman* Mr. Joseph Jefferson tells the following story in the Century Magazine:-"Among the well remembered characters of my dramatic life was an actor named Salisbury. The only influence that he exerted upon the stage during his career was, I regret to say, anything but a good one. ' Guying' was formerly a slang term, but it has of late years become a technical one for trifling with a part upon the stage. The art of guying was Mr. Salisbury's forte, and it was the only thing that he did well. Life was one huge joke to him : he treated nothing seriously. He was the delight of actors and the bane of managers. It is related of him that ho once sent a telegram to Mr. Rice, of the Chicago Theatre, applying for an engagement. The manager sent back this answer: rI would not engage you if you would come for nothing ;' to which Salisbury replied : 'Terms accepted. Will bo with yen to-morrow.' This man's memory was so wonder- ful that it was almost impossible to ask him a question without getting a Shaksperian quotation in reply. If he was imperfect in hie part, which was generally the case with him, he would interpolate speeches from other characters, talking the most absurd nonsense, and turning a serious scene into ridicule. Sometimes the audi- ence, detecting this impertinence, would hies. This rebuke wae the only thing that would check him, for any slight put upon himself was keenly felt ; but the next night the chastisement would be for- gotten, and he would repeat his indiscretion. It was eaid of him that he was generous to a fault ; and I think he must have been, for he never paid his washerwoman. One morning the poor old laundress was dunning him for her hard earnings. He was standing at the stage door, surrounded by a circle of admirera, and, turning furiously upon the old woman, he paraphrased Macbeth's speech to the ghost of Banquo in the following words : ' Avaunt, and quit my sight ! Thy tubs are marrow lesB ; there is no starch in my fine shirts that thou didst glare withal ! Approach thou like the Russian »»nager, the Hyrcan critic, er the old 'Rye whisky-us ;' or, be alive again, and make it salary day. If, trembling then, I do inhibit thee, confess me but a babe of a Salisbury.' The laundress fled in despair, only too glad to escape unpaid from the supposed lunatic." 