An Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.— (continued.) conclusion. At last, one morning we found our- idrcs in the English Channel, bowling crer the green ridges of it before a strong ntith -westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque .Shir of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East Jndia Docks. Down to that very moment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vagnest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck and approacliing Laura, exclaimed : " Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." "Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta?" 'sister asked. «Xo, I choose to he independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel,1' snd she named the house at which she had jtopjied with Colonel Hope- Kennedy when she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You cati address me there or call upon mc, Laura. I have not yet decided on any step. In nH proba bility 1 shall return to Melbourne, but not b present." She extended her hand coldly to her istcr and gave ino a haughty bow. Laura bit bev lips to restrain her tonrs, Imt her pride was stung ; disgust and onazemont too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Monson t;w; as she passed along the quay towards he dockyard gates. As she paced for- Vftrd, stately. Mow, her carriage queenly tnd ensv as though, sumptuously clothed, snd in "the full pride of her beauty she .rod the floor of a bull- room, the scores of , jiiijoi, lid»ourers. loafers who thronged j he decks turned to a man to stare sifter j ler. A strange and striking figure ndeed she mnde, habited in the dress which site wore when the Shark founiien.'d, and wliicli, as vmi may stippc.se, by this time showed very inmh like the end of a tunc voyage. The brown veil concealed her features anil to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the tailor's grass hut upon her head. "So!" said 1 as she disappeared, "and now, Laura, it is for vuu and me tu go ashore." Wc bade n cordial farewell to Captain Richard, -mi and his mutes, and to Finn and Cuthill. both of whom promised to rail upon me. 1 had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day 1 would communicate with the olfice and defray whatever expenses we Irad pur the ship to. I further took the addivsces of tlie captain and his mates that I nii'.dit seinl tliciu some token of my trnnitude f«-r otir deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably hal d IiMttra in a mug private hotel within m> easy walk of my IcdgingH, to which 1 forthwith repaired, and took pos- FcsMoii nf afresh with pitch ail emotion of L'wihlennent excited in me by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that J was once more in »udon, with no more runaway wiws to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire hit", no more duels to assist in, no mure volcanic n-cks to split upon, and no more C'dh-ons to sh cp in. thai 1 felt like a man just I'Wnkrnod from snm wild nud wvid dream wlnue impressions continue so sonic t lint the familiar objects bis eyes fpmi upon Kceni .-is phantasms that must prcM iuly fade. My first act was to send milhr.cr and dropsmnkor to Laura, and Id Rep in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next to address a letter M\ ilfrid'ssolieitors.iiiwhieli 1 acquainted tliem with the Jus>S of the Bride. and the death «»f my cousin. Whom else to write to nt once about the mor fellow J did not in- w. asked after his infant, and requested them to tell me if the child was till wiili the lady with whom mv cousin had placed it liefuro leaving Kiigbuid. i dded that 1 should be pleased to see one "f the partners aiul relate the full story of tlie Vny;igpl the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had infonued them of before tailing. 1 the evening with Laura. All our talk was aliout what ehe was to do until she had heard from her father, to whom she told me bIic had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles.' » he had no relatione in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of that"; with whom was she to live then ! Even had Iady Monson settled down in a house she M'.na not n jicrsnu with whom I could have desired the girl I was affianced to to be lung and intimately associated. Tlie notion of her returning to Australia alone was not to lie entertained. There seemed butlnng then for it hut for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experi ments in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a homo for her with one or another of them until there should suino day arrive a mail from Australia CftVe bike her to my heart. »cll, it was next morning that 1 had unshed breakfast mid was sitting musing jjer a fire with a newsjapcr on my knee. «y tnind was full of tlie past I rc- juember looking around mo almost incro- y»wltV Umt etill found the iSES? f,unnfcurc of ,nJ room unreal and lrao.t 'mp.Keille, listening with """i M f ,lui roar ""J be»t or C0«elMi hT2a®.,n,?U'e le»ily liuin roadway into 16 Sroat London opened. Yei» v . . "rroot I occupied aincc that night il "eeu,cd "«I'«rod in "ft had he wild roll of ?"' 1,1 '""cy posture as he sank hiR head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. 1 was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. "Come in." The landlord entered : a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiood man who had for many years been butler in an earl's family, and who bad retired and started a lodging-house on discover ing that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of coek. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mod. " Muffin ! " I whispered. "That was the name he gave, sir," he exclaimed, astonished by niy amazement. " Muffin ! " I repeated, soaroc crediting my hearing ; "describe him, Mr. Cork." " A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-hlnekneas, looks down when lie speaks, sir, seems a kit shaky in the ankles ; a gentleman's servant, I should say, sir." "Show him up, Mr. Cork!" 1 ex claimed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible aid it seem that this poison could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in steppod — tho Muffin of the Bride. Muffin tho ventriloquist, Muffin the whipped and ducked, and, as I could Imte solemnly sworn, Muffin the drocned ! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the loft knee, hold ing his liat with both hnnds against his stomach, his head dnmped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious njiology. His yellow face shone, his hair was ns lustrous as the hack of a rook ; he wore lnrge loose black kid-gloves, and he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. J know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells molt: startingly upon the whole nervous system than tho meoiingwith a man win on one has for months and months believed dead. 1 was un able to speak for a few moments. I shrank Ic.ck in my chair when lie entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst he stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his altitude respectful regret, for taking tlie lilnity of intruding. " Well,"' said 1. fetching a deep breath, "and so v in are Muffin indeed, eh? Well, well. Why. man, 1 could have sworn we left yon a corpse floating clnso to a volenti ic bland near the equator." ".So 1 suppose, sir!" he exclaimed, "but 1 um thankful to say, sir, that 1 was not drowned." I motioned him !o sit; he put his hat under the chair, cm-ocd his legs, and clasped his hand< over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, (supplemented by bis strange appearance, produced a fit of hiughtvr in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half- naked, quivering down the ranks of the senium, with Cut hill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, reeurred to me. " You seem resolved that 1 shall believe in ghosts Muffin." said I ; "and quay liow came you to learn thai. 1 was saved from the wreck, that 1 liml returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, 6ir, enclosing your letter to them.'' "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is hcalivc?" "Oh yes, sir, and very much better lmth in body and mind. I'm 'appv to say, sir. He would have culled uqion you him self, sir, but lie's suffering from an attack of gout in his lift foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." 1 jumped from my chair and fell to pacing tho room to work off hv locomotion something of the amazement that threat ened to addle m\ brains. " Wilfrid nkve ! " I muttered. " What will Laura say to all this? Muffin," I crinl, rounding upon him. "what von are telling me is a 'miracle ! n thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw tlie yacht go to queues ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came aslmtv, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape?" He responded by lolling me tlie story. .Johnson, the man who hud died upon the island, was perfectly right in saving that he believed n number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being fellod by a gang of qicoqile flying nft in tiic blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side en abled them to see what they wore about. The boat, a noble structure, of alifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, Beven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. Tho yacht was then fust breaking up. The men, to cscaqm heing pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled oil every curl of sea. headed out from tho island straining their hearts at tho oars ; but tliov were again nud again beaten back. There were but five onrs, and Muffin and one of the seamen having m thing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Sud denly a figure showed clnso alongside crying loudly for help, Muffin grasped him bv th» air of his head, the other fellow leaned over, and between tlicin they dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! Ry dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of tho wreckage, bringing tho white line of the thunderous surf oa the island hcaeh upon their quarter ; they then gave the stem of tlie little fabric to the wind nud seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn br"ke they were miles out of sight of the reck. A day and a night of dead calm followed j they were with out food or water, and their outlook was horrible ; but at sunrise on the third day they spied the gleam of a sail towards which they ruwod, and before tho dark ness fell they wen safely on board a large English brig humid to Bristol. Such was Muffin's story. He said that Sir Wilfrid, on being to! it was Muffin who h«d rescued him, promised to take lam back into his service ou reaching England. He added tliat my cousin had entirely lost the craze that had possessed him concerning his bulk and stature. The yacht on goin£ to pieces had libe rated him, and with his sudden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Chimp came very near die truth when he had suggested to mc that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. " No," I replied. " And Captain Finn is saved too. Ihn so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified ho was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my coufiin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retaiucd his hand. Re was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as olear as my own. It seemed bo me that Hie shock of ship wreck had worked wonders in him, thougli, to be sure, strong traces of con genital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele vant loud laugh, the boyish cag6rness of maimer, with now and again tlie passing aliadow of a darkening humour. For a long time wo seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu- sion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze. And it was like a warning to mo to instantly quit the subject. He told mc that Muffin had behaved with a touch ing devotion to him whilst they were in the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brew with water, sheltering liiro from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, and mnde many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of tho survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yaoht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said 1, a little norvoualy. "Oli, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly ; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she ? " " She refused to accompany her sister," said 1 ; "she loves iudcqiendenco. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to he found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel ; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yos, she is of those who return to their bonnet." "What are your plans ?" said I. " As regards Lady Monson, do you " Well, she is still your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, 1 suppose, more or less." "1 riiall nut meddle with hor," said he making a horrible grimace loan involun tary tiviu'h of liia gouty foot; "site can do what she pleases." " She talks of returning to Australia." " Lh her g." .said lie. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit, of hor ! Had lie but waited a few months, disgust and aversion n-ould have grown strong in him. He would have lu-en guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow-creature — lie would have preserved his noble yacht— but then, to be sure, 1 should probably never have met Laura ! His evo was upon me while I mused a little in'silcnce. " My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Couit," said he, "but 1 say no. 1 certainly should never try my hand at marriage again, aud therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. Hut it might answer her purqmse very well in deed ; it would free her, and 1 do not intend that she shall have hor liberty." " You nil have to maintain her." "Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. "Wilf," said J, " she may fall very low, and (hen, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you ns your lawful wife, and pLy the devil with your peace ami good name." " 1 am not going to free her," said he Stiappi.Jdy. "Do \ou mean to make anv stay in London /" said 1. " 1 am waiting till the gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. 1 have been recommended to do so. It is pretty rure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Kennedy's friends that 1 shot him in u duel, lie was a widower ami child less, bui lie lias a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored tlie ground ho trod ou. and thought him ihe noblest creature in the mtiverec. My solicitors advise inc not to wait until 1 am charged with the fellow's death, and so 1 am going abroad. " " Humph." said I ; "and how am 1 to Ik? dealt with, as an accessory f" "Pooh!" he exclaimed, "one never hears of seconds licing charged." " You will take baby with you, I presume ? " He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his had lost Iter husLand, a colonel in India. She had arrived in Euglaiid with two grown-up daughters, and uas so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should occupy his scat in tlie North and take charge of liis child. This in fact had been settled, and Mi. Oonwav and her daughters were now installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hear ing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laura with the very home that she needed until we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; he was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and his little one would bo doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here whs a prompt And happy end to m lint liad really threatened to prove a source of qicrplcxity, and indeed in some senses a real difficulty. And now to ond this narrative. A fort night later Wilfrid went abroad to travel, as lie said, in Italy and the south of France, and with him proceeded Mr. Muffin. During that fortnight Laura and 1 Mere frequently with him, but it was only on tlie day previous to his departure that he mentioned his nife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he asked if vi e had heard of her, but neither of us could give liiui anv news. We liad not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at tlie hotel to which she had gone on her ar rival. She had not written to her sister, nor had she communicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after 1 had rcturuod to London from tho north, wliithcr 1 had escorted Laura, there came a letter to my lodgings ad- JUissed to iqy ireethoarb. I guessed the handwriting to be Lady Mon&on;'s. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intonation of hor ladyship's intention to sail in such and suoh a vessel to Melbourne on the Monday fol lowing, bo that when I read the missive she had been four days on hor way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that, she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited much attention and brought mc many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of DoM'ling and Head. It chAnced, however, that my account of the island was repub lished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at tlie Havannas and addressed to me at tlie office of the journal in which my nar rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about throe weeks after we had got away from it in tlie Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot tliat was full of tlie deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner- yacht Bride, and bow they had declined to leAve the island beeause of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt tliat shortly after this tlte volcanic rock subsided and vanished off tlie surface of the sea, after the usual manner of thesodesperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal .received soveral copies of logs kept by ships which liad traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful com parison of these memoranda that tlie rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha Bohiiieon showed that three days later she had passed over the exact s>ot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was nut to prove so long as 1 liad feared. Very unexpectedly one morning 1 received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her fatlier had arrived on the preceding day She could scarcely lx>lit?vc her ears when a servant came to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to sec her. Of course he had not receiw-u her letter. He hail taken it into his head to visit England, hntli his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of Liking Laura kick with him when he returned. He was almost broken- heart-.'d. so Laura uTote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after avaiting a few days r.i as to give him time to recover the tlii-a-lfnl shock caused him by the news of his daughters Ifehaviour, I went- down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me lie could settle hvontyt.houR.and pounds upon his child, and snemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He ap proached the subject of insanity with a bltini.iu'ss that somewhat, disconcerted mc. 1 .assured him that so far as 1 could pos sibly imagine I was not mad, that my c«»usiuV craziness cnmc from a source which did not concern mc in the least degree. lie was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that lie could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a hell ; mi obscrv.ai ion upon which I thought I find sonic right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously | look so, nud 1 must say that whilst Mr. ' Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's crariuess and where it came from, he re garded me with a keenness that was at times not .a little cinlarmssing. Laura and 1 had been married twovc.irs when mc heard of Lady Monson. ' Mr. Jennings hud returned to Australia, hut in one or two letters wc bad received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep mourning. Lidy Monson was dead. She j had been received into the Roman Catholic Church, so wrote the father in a letter wlmse even sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. She liad, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and nights to ministering to the jmor. One day she returned to her home looking ill ; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from tlie grasp of her attendants and marched with stately stop, singing in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upjier chamber tliat had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before ft mirror alio foil tu brushing her rich and beautiful huir, singing all the while till on a sudden she full with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours Inter lay n corpse. the end. in ate1ted muffin 1 