THE PROBLEM OF INDUS- TRIAL EVOLUTION. The artiolos on profit nhnring whioh havo recently appeared in The Aye havo attracted a largo, measure of attention, and our suggestion tiiat tho first firm to introduce tho system In Australia would be conferring an important benefit to sooiety at largo by showing tbo way to. an enduring modus vivendi botweon capital and labor is likely to bear fruit, a leading engineering firm in lelbourne having taken tho preliminary step to submit to ita employes a workable schomo on the profit sharing prin ciple. Iu viow of tho interest awakened in regard to the subject,, thero has; been a great dbmand for Mr: Gilman'sbook on profit sharing, to which wo' referred in close dotail, with fclio result, wo believe, that copies of - the work havo been ordorcd from London by cable. Precisely tho same question has . been .brought to tho fore front in England by roason of the seething trouble in all departments of labors Mr. John Burns, the autocrat of the now Trades Unionism, on. the. occasion of the great labor demonstration in London in tho middlo of August, convened by the "Dock, "Wharf, 'Riverside and General Laborer' Union of Great Britain and Ireland," to celebrate. tho - dock strike of the previous year in London, rcferrod. to tho popular tendency in favor of profit sharing and co-operation. Thoy wero not going to strive again, he said, because they had a better policy, and wore, going to do without every shipbroker and contractor, 'letting tho docker, through his trade unionism, do the work himself on a co-operative basis. That would bo in force before another 12 months were over. It was not idlo "talk, ho assured them. Tho lightermen had started on the job, 'and, tho lightermen's co-operative society lmd 47 barges belonging to lightermen doing the trade of 'the Prt of London, nnd were goingto keep on until every lighter was jointly owned by the men who pulled tho oar«. Since tho dock, strike the number of trado unionists in London had beon increased by 300,000, and over 300 unions' had been revived or reformed. Tho railway men had managed to got a million of money moro paid to them for wagos than they had last year. Trado attcr trado had improvod its position, and seven millions of adult males had gained at least , £30,jQOQ,QOO . from tho impetus given by the labor movement, Tho postmen, who lost through cowardice and treachery, had gained moro by the striko than had beon lost. Tho firemen in London, wero petitioning for a riso, and some of them on the Oounty Council would seo that thoy got it. Tho soldiers had protestofl against tyranny, and six of thorn had gone to prison. AU grades of labor were moving for better conditions.' In tho next 12 months tliey wero going to clear out tho bigots and tho gcntlemon who ran strikes for tho purposo of feathering their own ncats. \ Thoy wore going, in the second place, to adopt a definite policy on two or three labor questions, and to organise tho unskilled labor in tho agricultural districts. He would like to abandon the Londou County Council, aud tlio chanco of his seat in Parlia ment, in order to perambulate the country in a caravan for five years, in order to get at the unskilled laborers at tho root, organising tliem, procuring them higher wages, and ho prevent them from swarming up to London. They had to break down tho barriers of class prejudice between tho skilled and the unskilled laborers ; they had to stop sweating in Government and municipal departments ; and then thoy had to go for a legal eight hour day, which would give leisure to tho workmen to arm themselves for tho burning questions which would como up for discussicu in the near future. Tho rich to-day oocupied a dangerous and peculiar position. The workers intended' to narrow that margin of profit and to absorb tho rich man's area of exploita tion until they occupied in every centre of government the point which tho rich man held. The workers wero not going to be contept with the " tanner." They were going to work upwards nnd upwards until thore should be no classes, no Norwood and John Burns, no Car dinal Manning and the docker, no Lord Mayor, and sweated Jewess tailor girl in tho East End. The dock strike was the raising of tho flag of tho unskilled battalions and troops in the universal army of democracy. The first trench had been won, and thoy would not rest until they had won the oitadel. The workers must be strong, thoy must be disciplined, moral, intellectual and sober to pass successfully through the pro blems of forthcoming trouble. Tho scheme -referred to at the output of this speech is one of co-operation. The dockers are of opinion that tho time for oo-operatiou has arrived, and that the perfection of their organisation justifies them in attempting it. Mr. Tom Mann has put forward the following manifesto : — "Tho year's experience we have now had points out. clearly that a new basis of agreement between the directors and the workers is required; In our opinion, this basis should be a eo-operntivc one, the union executive making the contract with -the company, the union men standing by that contract, whether it pays 6d. per hour or 6h. " Tho dockcrB have a body of inen capable of doing tho work that is to be done, and it is now so. strong that they have closed thoir books against further entries. Thus controlling tho labor supply, they nro in a posi tion to. negotiate with the dock company for the purpose of taking over the loading and unload ing of ships, this boing, in effect, the basi3 of the now soiiemo whioh is now under disoussiou by the dock directors. This new scheme, of which the text has not been published, provides that the work shall be offered to the men at a certain agreed price, and that they shall consti tute themselves into a company to undertake the work on co-operative principles. - Each mem- bor of the company will be allotted his proper share of the work and His remuneration, the contract stipulating only that the work shall be carriod on under the direction and to the satisfaction of the company's official. The schomo as yot is purely tentative, but as it is understood that ail the directors view -it favor ably thore is every probability that it will before many weoks are past be carried into practical effect. Under rucIi a system there would, of course, be no guarantee as to tbo minimum of 6d. and 8d.,. which was the main point in the dispute of last year. Nevertheless a sufficient safeguard for this would be found in the directors promising to officially recognise and deal only with the union, and though it is thought that many of the men would -objeot to the dropping of the guarantee, yot the best meu and those who have most iufiuonce among their follows would regard this asaquito unjustifiable admission of incompetence. Should this schomo como into effect, as there' is every probability it, will in course of a little timo, it should prove a valuable objeot lesson in the organisation of labor. This, says Carlyle, is "tlio universal vital problem of the world," a distinct advance towards n co- operative commonwealth, whioh Mr. Tom .Mann has confessed to as his ideal, besides being, if successful, a complete justifica tion of tho new unionism. Meanwhile, also, Genoral Booth, the head of the.Snlvation Army, is formulating a scheme on a still wider basis. It is so bold in its nature, so comprehensive in its bearings alike upon labor and tho social condition of tho tonuses, that it is likely when put before the public to attract a deal of notice. This is all the moro probable since, although primarily a Salvation Army scheme, the intention is that it slmllapply gene rally in all quarters and to every class whom it may be capable of benefiting. Mr. Henry Georgo, in a recent conference with General Booth, was made acquainted with the detuilsof the undertaking, so far as they have been worked out. Tho author of Progress, and Poverty is understood to havo expressed himself greatly pleased with the soheme. "What are theso proposals? .Goneral Booth moans to put them before tho world in a book upon which he is just now engaged, and which he hopes to publish towards the end of Oetober, Meantime it is only possible to indicate the nature of the Gcnoral's scheme in the very roughest outline. Its object is to benefit unemployed labor and alleviate poverty by Rclf effort, at the outsot in London, afterwards, should tho venture prove successful, in other centres. In tho first place tho notion is to establish in London, in soquence to the labor bureau, industrial houses, whore, the unemployed nmy find food and shelter for such woik ns they can' perform.' Secondly, farms will betaken in tho country, to whioh. drafts will 'be made from tho London houses. Model villages will bo established on those farms, and tracts of lands, the principle of the community being. self help and co-operas tion. Thirdly, small oolonies will be planted in agricultural districts in Canada, South Africa; Australia or New Zealand, as the case may be, and thenoe batchos will bo sent from urban and rural centres of the move ment at homo. Suoh are the three main points in tho sehemo, but as for the details it oan only be said now that they are innumerable. Gene:, ral Booth's belief is, of course, that with three arms to grip the unemployed, the suffering, the debased,- and for that matter the criminal, ho may hope to have somo effect upon the ohronic poverty of London and our other, big cities. For instance, if it was impossible to reclaim a wastrel in tho London homes Kb could be sent to tho country, or given a chance in the colonial homes. AVhorever men or women wero located, thoy would work at tho employment to which they had been trained and bo paid fair returns, care always being taken not to undersell tho market with the goods so produced. If a man had no skill in any spcoial work thon ho would be given unskilled labor, taught to weed turnip fields or collect the unconsidered trifles which abound in dust heaps at utreot corners. No matter how much of a wreck a man might bo physically and intellectually, calculation is that he could do something for his support, nnd this is the keynote to the wholo scheme. That the scheme could not havo the ghost of a chance of success without publio sympathy aud assistance is evident, but the klca of pauperism ns con nected with it is rigorously tabooed. Its essenoo is co-operatlou of labor, skilled and un skilled, aud it full eeope aud meaning we hall learn from General Booth's book. 