BEATRICE. BY RIDER (Autlfbr of HAGGARD. King. £olomoh'jr Mines," "She," &c.;) CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) A few yards from the path grew a stunted tree with a stone at Its root. Thither Beatrice staggered and sank upon the stone while still the solid earth spun, round and round. Presently her mind cleared a little, and a keener pang of pain shot though her soul. She had been stunned at first, now she felt. Perhaps it was not true; perhaps Elizabeth had been mistaken or had only said it to torment her. She rose. She flung herself upon her knees, there by the stone, and prayed, this first time for many years—she prayed, with all her soul. " Oh, God, if thou art, spare him hiB life and me this agony. 1 ' In her dreadful pangs ol grief her faith was thus re-born, and, as all human beings must in their hour of mortal agony, Beatrice realised her dependence on the Unseen. She rose, and weak with emotion sank back on to the stone. The people were streaming past her now, talking excitedly. Somebody came to her and stood over her.. Oh, heaven, it was Geoffrey! * " Is it you ?" she gasped. " Elizabeth said that you were murdeied." - "No, no. It was not me; it is that poor fellow Johnson, the auctioneer. Jones 6hot him. I was standing next him. I suppose your sister thought that I fell. He was not unlike me, poor fellow." Beatrice looked at him, went red, went white, then burst into a flood of tears. A strange pang seized upon his heart. It thrilled through him, shaking him to the core. Why was this woman so deeply moved? Gould it be—? Nonsense; he stifled the thoughts before it was torn. Don't cry," Geoffrey said. " The people will see you, Beatrice" /"for the first time he called her by her christian name); "pray, no not cry. It distresses me. You a*e upset, and no wonder. That fellow Beecham Bones ought to be hung, and I told him so. It is his work, though be never meant it to go so far. He's very frightened enough now, I can tell you." Beatrice controlled herself with an effort. " What happened," he said, " I will tell you as we walk along. No, don't go up to the farm. He is not a pleasant sight, poor fellow. When I got up there, Beecham Bones WAS spouting away to the mob—his long hair flying, about his back— exciting them to resist laws made by brutal, thieving landlords, and all that kind of gibberish; telling them that.they would be supported by a great party in Parliament, &c.;, &c.; The people, however, took it all goodnaturedly enough. They ing on a pole, with a placard on ks breast on which was written, robber of the widow and the orphan,' and they were singing a Welsh song. Only I saw Jones, who was more than half drunk, cursing and swearing in Welsh and English. When the auctioneer began to sell, Jones went into tie house and Bones went with Lira. Alter enough h&d; been sold to pay the debt, and while the mob were sti 1 laughing and shouting, suddenly the backdoor of the houee opened and out rushed Jones, now quite drunk, a gun m hi3 hand and Bones hanging on to his coattails. I was talking to the auctioneer at the moment, and my belief is that the brute thought that I was Johnson. At any rate, before anything could be done he lifted the gun and fired, at me, as I think. The charge, .however, passed my bead and hit poor Johnson full in the face, killing him. This is all the story." " And quite enough, too," said Beatrice with a shudder. " What times we live in! I feel quite sick." Supper that night was a very melancholy affair. Old Mr. Granger was altogether thrown off his balance; and even Elizabeth's iron nerves were shaken. " It could not be worse, it could not he worse," moaned the old man, rising irom the table and walking up and down the room. " Nonsense, father," said Elizabeth the practical. " He might have been shot before he had sold the hay, and then you would not have got your tithe." Geoffrey could not help smiling at this way ot looking at things, from which, however, Mr. Granger seemed to draw a little comfort. From constantly thinking about it, and a daily presure of necessity money had come to be more to the old man than anything else in the world Hardly was the meal done when three reporters arrived, and took down Geoffrey's statement of what had occurred, for publication in various papers, while Beatrice went away to see about packing Effie's things. They were to start by a train leaving for London at half-past 8 on the following morning. When Beatrice came back it was half-past 10, and in his irritation of mind Mr. Granger insisted upon everybody going, to bed. Elizabeth shook hands with Geoffrey, congratulating him on his escape as she did so, and went at once; but Beatrice lingered a little. At last she came forward and held out her hand. " Good-night, Mr. Bingham," she said. " Good-night. I hope that this is not good-bye, also," he added with some anxiety. "Of course not," broke in Mr. Granger. " Beatrice will go and see you off. I can't. I have to go and meet the coroner about the inquest, and Elizabeth is always busy in the house. Luckily they wont want you; .there were.so many witnesses." " Then it isonly good night," said Beatrice. She went to her room. Elizabeth, who shared it, was already asleep, or appeared to be asleep. Then Beatrice undressed and got into bed, but rest she couldjnot. "It was only good night," a last good night He was going away— back to bis wife, back to the great rushing world, and to the life in which she had no share. Very soon he would forget, her. Other interests would arise other women would become his friends, and he would forget the Welsh girl who bad attracted him for. a while, or remember her only us the companion of a rough adventure. What did it mean? Why was her heart so sore ? Why had she felt as though she should die when they told her that he was dead ? Then the answer rose in her breast. She loved him; it was useless to deny the truth—she loved him body, and heart and soul, with all her mind and all her strength. She was his, and his alone—to-day, to-morrow, and for ever. He might go from her her sight, she might never, never see him more, but love him she almost must. And he was married! Well, it was her misfortune ; it could not affect the solemn truth. What should she do, how should she endure her life when her eyes no longer saw his eyes, and her ears never heard his voice ? She saw the future stretch itself before her as in a vision. She saw herself forgotten by this man, whom she loved, or from time to time remembered only with faint regret She saw herself growing slowly old, her beauty fading yearly from her face and form, companioned only by the love that grows not old. Oh, it was bitter, bitter! and yet she would not have it otherwise. Even in her pain she felt it better to have found this deep and ruinous joy, to have wrestled with the Angel and been worsted, thrn never to have looked upon his lace. !? she could only know that what she gave was °iven back again, that beloved her as she love>l hin^ she would be content. She was innocent she had never tried to draw him to her: she had used no toucher look, no woman's arts or lures such as her beauty placed at her command There had been no word spoken, scarcely a meaning glance had passed between them, nothing but frank and free companionship as of man with man. She knew he did not love his wife, and that his wife did not iove him-this she could sec. JJut she had never tried to win him irom her, and though she sinned in thought, thougb her heart was guilty-oh, her hands were clean! Her restlessness overcome her. She could no longer lie in bed. Elizabeth, watching through her veil of sleep, saw Beatrice rise, put on a wrapper, and, going to the window, throw it wide. At first she thought of interfering, for Elizabeth was a prudent person and did not like draughts; but her sister's movements cxcited her curiosity, and she refrained. Beatrice sat down on the foot of her bed, and leaning her arm upon the window-still looked out upon the lovely night, How dark the pine trees massed against the sky; how soft was the whisper of the sea, and how vast the heaven through which the stars sailed What was it, then, this love of hers ? Was it. mere earthly passion? No, it was more. It was something grander, purer, deeper, and quite undying. Whence came it, then ? If she was", as she had thought, only a child of earth, whence camc this deep desire which was not of the earth? Had she been wrong, had she a soul— something that could love with the body, and through the body and beyond the body —something of which the body with its yearnings was but the envelope, the hand or instument ? Oh, now it seemed to Beatrice that this was so, and that called into being by her love she and her soul stood face to face acknowledging their unity. Once that she held that it was phantasy: that such spiritual hopes were but exhalations from a heart unsatisfied ! that when love escapes us on the earth, in our despair, we swear it is immortal, and that we shall find it in the heavens. Now she be* lieved this no more. Love had kissed her on the eyes, and at his kiss he' sleeping spirit was awakened, and she saw a vision of the truth. Yes, she loved him, and must always love him! But she could never know on earth that he was hers, and if she had a spirit to be freed after some few years, would not his spirit have forgotten hers in that far hereafter of their meeting. Bhe dropped her brow upon her arm and softly sobbed. What was there left for her to do except to sob—till her heart broke? Elizabeth, lying with wide-open ears, heard the sobs. Elizabeth, peering through the moonlight, saw her sister's form tremble in the convulsion of her sorrow, and smiled a smile of malice. " The thing is done," she thought; " she crieB because the man is going. Don't cry, Beatrice, don't cry! We will get your plaything back for you. Ob, with such a bait it will be easy. He is cs sweet on you as you on him." There was something evil, something almost devilish, in this scene of the one watching woman holding a clue to and enjoying the secret tortures of the other, plotting the while to turn them to her innocent's rival's destruction and her own advantage. Elizabeth's jealousy was, indeed, bitter as the grave. Suddenly Beatrice ceased sobbing. She lifted her head, and by a sudden impulee threw out the passion of her heart with all her concentrated strength of mind towards the maa she loved, murmuring as she did so some passionate, despairing words which she knew. At this moment Geoffrey, sleeping soundly, dreamed that he saw Beatrice seated by her window and looking at him kr th j eye J which no earth l v obstacle could blind. She was speaking; her lips moved, but though he could hear no voice the words she spoke floated into his mind— "Be a god and hold me With a charm 1 Be a man and fold me With thine arm. Teach me, only teach, Love 1 As I ought 1 t ™ h y speech, Lore! Think thy thought— Meet, if thoa require it, Both demands, Laying flesh and spirit la thy hands. That shall be to-morrow, Not to-night: I must bury sorrow Ont of sight. Must a little weep, Love, (Foolish me!) And so fall asleep, Love, Loved by thee." Geoffrey heard them in Lis heart. Then they were gone, the vision of Beatrice was gone, and suddenly he awoke. Oh, what was this flood of inarticulate, passion-laden thought that beat upon bis brain telling of Beatrice ? Wave alter wave it came, utterly overwhelming him, like the heavy breath of flowers stirred by a night wind—like a message from another world. It was real; it was no dream, no fancy; she was present with him though she was not there; her thought mingled with his thought, her being beat upon his own. His heart throbbed, his limbs trembled, he strove to understand and could not. But in the mystery of that dread communion, the passion he had trodden down and refused acknowledgement took liie and form within him; it grew like the Indian's magic tree, trom seed to blade, from blade to bud, from bud to bloom. In that moment it became clear to him: he knew he loved her, and knowing what such a love must mean, for him if not for her, Geoffrey sank back and groaned. And Beatrice ? Of a sudden she ce ised speaking to herself; she felt her thought flung back to her weighted with another's thought. She bad broken through the barriers of earth; the quick electric message of her heart had found a path to him she loved and come back answered. But in what tongue was that answer writ? Alas! she could not read it, any more than he could read the message. At first she doubted; surely it was imagination. Then she remembered it was absolutely proved that people dying could send a vision of themselves to others far away; and if that conld, why not this ? No, it waB truth, a solemn truth; she knew he felt her thought, she knew that his life beat upon her life. Oh, heie waB mystery, and here was hope, for if this could be, and it was, what might not be? If her blind strength of human love could so overstep the boundaries of human power, and, by the sheer might of its volition, mock the physical barriers that hemmed her in, what had she to fear from a distance, from separation, ay, from death itself? She had grasped a clue which might one day, before the seeming end or after—what did it matter ?—lay strange secrets open to her gaze. She had heaid a whisper in an unknown tongue that could be learned, answering Life's agonizing cry with a 6ong of glory. If only he loved her, some day all would be well. Some day the barriers would fall. Crumbling with the flesh, they would fall and set her naked spirit free to its other self. And then, having' found her love, what more was there to seek ? What other answer did she desire to all the problems of her life than this of Unity attained at last—Unity attained in Death! And if he did not love her, how could he answer her ? Surely that message could not pa6s except along the golden cord of love, whfch ever mikes its sweetest music when Pain strikes it with a hand of fear. The troubled glory passed—it throbbed itself away; the spiritual gusts of thought' grew continually fainter, till, like the echoes of a dying harp, like the breath of a falling gale, they 6lowly sunk to nothingless. Then wearied with an extreme of wild emotion Beatrice sought her bed again and presently was lost in sleep. When Geoffrey woke on the next morning, after a little reflection, he came to the decision that he hnd experienced a very curious and moving dream, consequent on the exciting events of the previous day, or on the pain of his impending departure. He Tose, packed his bag—everything else was ready—and went in to breakfast. Beatrice did not appear till it wes half over. She looked very pale, and said that she had been packing Effie's things. Geoffrey noticed that Ehe barely touched his fingers when he rose to shake hands with her, and that she studiously avoided hisglance. Then he began to wonder if she also had strangely dreamed. Next came the bustle of departure. Effie was despatched in the fly with the luggage and Betty, the fat Welsh servant, to look after her. Beatrice and Geoffrey were to walk to the station. "Time for you to be going, Mr. Bing- ham," said Mr. Granger. " There, goodbje! God bless you! Never had such charming lodgers before. Hope you will come back again, I'm sure. By the way, they are certain to summons you as a witness at the trial of that 'villain, Jones." " Good-tye, Mr. Granger," Geoffrey answered; "yju must come and see me in town. A change will do you good." " Well, perhaps, I may. I have sot had a change for 25 years. Never could afford it. Aren't you going to say good-bye to Elizabeth ?' "Good-bye, Miss Granger," said Geoffrey politely. " Many thanks for all your kindss. I hope we shall meet again." " Do yoa ?" answered Elizabeth. " So do I. I am sure that we shall meet again, and I am sure that I shall be glad to see you when we do, Mr. Bingham," she added darkly. In another minute he had left tbe Vicarage and, with Beatrice at his side, was walking smartly towards the station. " This is melancholy," he said, after a few moments' silence. Going away generally is," she answered—"either for those who stay behind," she added. " Or for both," he said. Then came another pause ; he broke it. " Miss Beatrice, may I write to you ?" " Certainly if you like." " And will you answer my letters ?" " Yes, I will answer them." " If I had my way, then, you should spend a good deal of your time in writing," be said. " You don't know," he added earnestly, " what a delight it has been to me to learn to know you. I have had no greater pleasure in my life." " I am glad," Beatrice answered shortly. " By the way," Geoffrey said presently, " there is something I want to nsk you. You are as good as a reference book for quotations, you know. Some lines have been haunting me for the last 12 hours, and I cannot remember where they come from." "What are they?" she asked, looking up; and Geoffrey saw, or thought he saw, a strange fear shining in her eyes. " Here are fonr of them," bo answered unconcernedly; " we have no time for long quotations— " < That shall be to-morrow, Not to night; I must bury sorrow Out of sight.'" Beatrice heard—heard the very lines which had been upon her lips in the wild midnight that had gone. Her heart seemed to stop; 6he became white as the dead, stumbled, and nearly fell. Wiih a supreme effort she recovered herself. " I think that you must know the lines, Mr. Bingham," she said in a low voice, "They come from a poem of Browning's, called ' A Woman's Last Word: " Geoffrey made no answer ; what was ha to say 1 For a while they walked on in silence. They were getting close to tbe station now. Separation, perhaps for ever, was very near. An overmastering desire to know the truth took hold of him. "Miss Beatrice," he said, "you look pale. Did you sleep well last night " No, Mr. Bingham." " Did you have curious dreams ?" "Yes, I did," she answered, looking straight before her. He turned a shade paler. Then it was true! " Beatrice," he said in a half whisper, " what do they mean, what can they mean V "As much as anything else, or as little," she answered. " What are people to do who dream such dreams V' he said again, in the same constrained voice. " Forget them," she whispered. " And if they come bock ?". " Forget them again." " And if they will not be forgotten ?" She turned and looked him full in the eyes. "Die % of them," she said; "then they will be forgotten, or—" " Or what, Beatrice ? ' "Here is the station," said Beatrice, "and Betty is quarrelling with the flyman." Five minutes more and Geoffrey was gone. CHAPTER XVI. TI1E FLAT NEAR THE EDGEWARE ROAD. : Geoffrey's journey to town was not altogether a ciieerful one. To begin with, Effie wept copiously ut parting with he, belovod " auntie," as- she called Beatricer and wouidnotJjSmforted, The prospect of rejoining hei^taotber and the voluble Anne bad no charms for Effie. They all three got on best apart. Geoffrey, himself had also inuch to think about, atifl found little satisfaction in the thinking. He threw his mind bade over the events of the past few weeks. He remembered how he had flrst seen Beatrice's face through the thick mist on the Red Rocks, and how her beauty had struck him as no beauty ever had before. Then be thought ofthe ad« t^nture of their shipwreck, and of-tbe desper^e courage with which she bad saved bis life, almost at the cost of her own. He thought, too,-of that scene when on the followpg day be bad entered the room where she wag asleep, when tbe w&ndering; fay of light hfed wavered from her breast to bis own, when Smifretrange presentiment of the ultimate imeraaagting of their lives had flashed upon him, ablii- when she had awakened with an unearthly greeting on her lips. One by one, while Effie slowly sobbod herself t? siletlce in 'the " cocne.r opposite to him, he recalled every pbdse and scene of their ever-growing intim&cy;, till the review culminated in his mysterious experience of the past night, and the memory of Beatrice's parting words. Of all men Geoffrey was among those loast inclined to any sort of' superstition; from boyhood he had been noted for common sense, and a somewhat disbelieving tarn of mind. But he had intellect, etherealized. Without these, with his peculiar mental cbnstitution, he would, for instance, robably have been a religious sceptic; E avicg them, he was nothing of tbe sort. So in this matter of his experience of the previous night, and generally of the strange and almost' Unnatural sympathy in which he found himself'with this lady, common sense and the result of his observation and experience pointed to the whole thing being nonsense—the result ot" propinquity, «r; propinquity," and a pretty face—and nothing more. : Bnt here his intellect end his imagination stepped in, telling him plainly that it ' was'nbt nonsense, that be had not merely made a'donkey of himself over an ; hysterical or possibly a love-sick- girl. They told Lim that because a thing is a mystery it is -not necessarily a folly, though mysteries are for the most part dealt'in by fools. They suggested that there maty %e many things and forces above us and abound us, invisible as an electric current, intangible as light, yet existent and capable of manifestation under certain rare'and favourable conditions. And was it. not possible that 6uch conditions should unite in a woman like Beatrice, who combined in herself a beaaty of body Which was- only ootpassed by the beauty at iier mindl it was no answer to .say that • most "women could never inspire the unearthly passion with whichhe bad been shaken ieome tea hours past,; or-that most -men could never become aware of the inspiration. Has not humanity powers and perceptions denied to tbe cattle of the fields, and may there not be men and women as jar removed from their fellows in this repect as these are from the cattle ? But the' weak point of mysterious occur rences is that'they lead nowhere, and do not materially alter the facts of life. One c&nnot;, for instance, plead a mystery in a cburt of law ; 60, dropping the imaginative side of the question as one bevOnd him, he came to its practioal aspect, only tofind it equally thorny. '- Odd as it may seem, Geoffrey did not to this moment know-the exact position which bfe occupied in the mind of Beatrice, or that she occupied in his. He was net . in Iov8 with her, at least not in a way in which he had ever experienced the influence of that, on the whole, inconvenient and disagreeable passion. At any rate he argued from the hypothesis that, he was not in love with her. • This he refused to admit now in the light of tbe day, though he bad admitted it fully in the watches of the night. Tt would not do to admit it. - But 'he was forced ?to acknowledge that she had crept into bis life and possessed it so cempleteiy that then and for months afterwards, except in ' deep sleep or in hours of severe mental strain, not a. single half hour would pass • without bringing its thought of Beatrice. Everything that was beautiful, or grand, or elevating, reminded him to her—-and what higher compliment could a mistress have ? IF he listened to glorious music, tbe voice of Beatrice spoke to bim through the notes; if be watched tbe clouds roiling in heavy pomp across a broken sky be thought of Beatrice; if some chance poem or novel moved him, why Beatrice was in his mind to share the pleasure. All of which was very interest- ing, and in some ways delightful, but under our system hot otherwise than inconvenient to a married man. And now Beatriee was gone, and he must come back to bis daily toil, sweetened by Honoria's bitter codplaints of their poverty,'and see her no morei The thought made Geoffrey's heart ache with a physical pain; his reason told bim that it ^as best so. After all, there W6re no bones broken; there had been no love rcenes, no kiss, no words that cannot be recalled ; whatever there was lay beneath the surface, and while appearances were kept np, all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy, but then hypocrisy is one of the great pillars of civilisation, and how does it matter what the heart say£ while the lipe are silent ? The Recording Angel can alone read hearts, and he must often find them singularly contradictory and untrustworthy writings. Die ot them, die of her dreams ? No, Beatrice would not die of them, an8 certainly he should not. Probably in the c«dshe would marry that pious earthly lump, Owen Davies. It was not pleasant to think cf, it-was even dreadful, but really if she were to ask bio* his opinion, " as e friend," he should telMfr wafithe best thing that she should do. Of *afpe if 1 JT i — • • .. would be hypocrisy again, the lips give mtr« his Ina heart hanrl: the. lie; Jin: but hut when the 4he heart hfi.irt rises in rebellion against the intelligence it must be suppressed. ; Unfortunately, however, through a small member, it is very strong. They reached London ai last, and as had been arranged, Anne, the French bonne, met them at the station to take Effie home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter and less to his taste than ever. However, 6he embraced Effie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the bametime carried on an ocular flirtation with a ticket collector. Although it was so early in tbe year for fogs London was plunged into a dense gloom. It bad been misty that morning at Bryngelly, and become more and more ao as the day advanced; but though it was not yet 4 o'clock, London was dark as night. Luckily, however, it was not far from Paddington to the flat' near the Edgware Road, where Geoflreylived, so having per son&lly; instructed ~ the ^vabman, he left Aline to convey Effie and her Inggage, and went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with'an easy mind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chambers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as bad beenarranged, not his uncle—who was, be learned, very unwell—but a partner. To his delight he then found that Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly accurate; the boy with the missing toe-joint bad been discovered who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the blind; moreover the truth bad been wrung from him and he would be produced at the trial —indeed a proof of his evidence was already forthcoming. Also 6ome specimens of the ex. lawyer's clerk's handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two experts to be identical with the writing on the will. One thing, however, disturbed him: neither the Attorney-General nor Mr. Canleton was yet in town, so no confer ence was possible that evening. However, both were expected that iiight—tbe Attor ney-General from Devonshire and Mr. Candleton from the Continent; so—the case being first on the list—it was arranged that the conference should t&ke; place at 10 o'clock on tbe following morning. On arriving home Geoffrey was informed that Lady Honoria was dressing, and had left a message saying be must be quick as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Accordingly be went to his own room—which was at the other end of the flat—and put on his dress clothes. Before going to the dining-room, however, he said good-night to Effie—who was in bed, but not asleep—and asked her what time she bad reached home. "At20 minutes past 5, daddy," Fffie said promptly. Twenty minutes past 5 1 Why, you don't mean to say that you were an hour coming that little way 1 Did you get blocked in tbe fog ?" " No daddy, but—" " But what, dear i" " Anne did tell ine not to say.!" "But r tell you to say, dear; never mind Anne!" " Anne stopped and talked to the ticketman for a long, long time.*' "Oh, did she?" lie said. At that moment the parlourmaid came to say that Lady Honoria and the were waiting for dinner. Geoflrey asked her casually what time Miss Effie had reached home. « About half-past five, sir. ^Anne Baid the c&b; was blocked in the fog." "Very wel|. Tell her ladyship that 1 shall be down in a minute." " Daddy," said the child, " L haven t said my prayers. Mother did not come, and Anne said it was all nonsense about prayerB. Auntie did always hear me say my prayers." . " Yes, dear, and so will I. There, kneel upon my lap and say them." In the middle of the prayers—which Effie did not remember as well as she might.have done—the parlourmaid arrived again. - " Please, sir, her ladyship—" " Tell her ladyship I am coming, and that il she is in a hurry she can go to dinner. Go on, love." Then he kissed her and put her to bed again. " Daddy," Effie said, as he was going, "shall I see Auntie Beatrice any more ?'' "I hope so, deaf.*; " And shall you see her any more? You want to see her, don't you, daddy ? She did love you very much 1" Geoffrey could dear it no longer. The truth me mourn is always or oaoes sharper auu when &uu; it comes from ^tbe mouth ^ gPod-night be fled e of babes and sucklings. With . In tfaT'lU^jdrawing-room he found Lady Honoria very weU drewed, and also her friend, whose name was Dr. Dunstan. Geoffrey knew him at once for an exceedingly ^wealthy man of small birth, and less breeding, but a burning and a shining light in the Careington 6et. Mr. Dunstan was anxious to raise himself in society, and be thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Laby Honoria might be useful to him in this respect. Hence his presence there to-night. " How do you do, Geoffrey ?" 6aid his wife, advancing to greet him with a kiss of peace. " You look very well. But what an immense time you have been dressing. Poor Mr. Dunstan is starving. Let me see. You know Mr. Dunstan, I think Dinner, Mary." " Geoffrey apologised for being late, and shook hands politely with Mr. Dunstan— Saint Dunstan he was generally called on account of bis rather clerical appearance, and in sarcastic allusion to his somewhat shady reputation. Then they went to dinner. " Sorry there is no lady for you, Geoffrey ; but you must have had plenty of ladies' society lately. By the way, how is Miss—Miss Granger ? Would you believe it, Mr. Dundtan ? that shocking husband of mine has been passing the last month in the company of one of the loveliest girls 1 ever saw, who knows Latin and law and everything else under the sun. She began by saving his life—they upset together out of a canoe, you know. Isn't it romantic ?" Saint Dunstan made some appropriate— or, rather inappropriate—remark to the effect that lie hoped Mr. Bingham had made the most of such unrivalled opportunities, adding, with a deep sigh, that no lovely young lady bad ever saved his life tbat he might live for, &c;, &c.; Here Geoffrey broke in without much ceremony. To him it seemed a desecration to listen while this person was making his feeble jokes about Beatrice. "Well dear," he said, addressing his wife, "and what have you being doing with yourself all this time ?" " Mourning for you, Geoffrey, and enjoying myself exceeding in the intervals. We have had a delightful time, have we not, Mr. Dunstan ? Mr. Dunstan has also been staying at tbe Hall, you know." " How could it be otherwise wten you were there, Lady Honoria ?" answered tbe saint in that strain of compliment affected by such men, and which, to tell the truth, jarred on its object, who was after all a lady. " You know, Geoffrey," 6be went on, "the Carsingtons have re-furnished tbe large hall and their drawing-room. It cost £1600, but the result is lovely. The drawing-room is rtone in. hand-painted white satin, walls and all the hall in old oak." - • , " Indeed !" he answered, reflecting the while that Lord Carsisgton might aB well have paid some of the debt before he spent £1800 on his drawing-room furniture. Then the Saintand Lady Honoria drifted into a long and animated conversation about their fellow guest, which Geoffrey scarcely tried to follow.. Indeed the dinner was a dull one for bim, and he added little or nothing to the stock of talk. When his wife left he had to say some- 2 of hammer!** guns, ^ c ^ e ^ bought for a trifling sum of 140 guineas recommending tbe pattern to his not ; « Yes," answered Geoffrey. 1 daresay they are very nice; but, you see they are beyond me. A poor man cannot afford so much for a pair of guns. " Oh, if that is all," answered his guest I will sell you these; they are a little I0L in the stock for me, and you can pay me when you like. Or, bang it all, I hav plenty of guns. I'll be generous and give them to you. If I cannot afford to be generous, I don't know who. can. " Thank you very much, Mr. Dunstan, answered Geoffrey, coldly, " but I am not the habit of accepting suca presents from my—acquaintances. Will you have a glass ot sherry ?-no. Then shall we jo ? n Lady Honoria ?" This speech quite crushed the vulgar but not ill-meaning Saint, and Geoffrey was sorrv tor it a moment after he had made it. But he was weary and out of temper. Why did his wife bring such people to the house / Very shortly afterwards their guest took his leave, reflecting that Bingham was a conceited ass, and a!togother too much for him. " And I don't believe that he has got £1000 a year," he reflected to himself, «• and tbe title is his wife's. I suppose that is what he married her for. She's a much better sort than he is, any way, though I don't quite make her out either—one can't go very far with her. But she is the daughter of a peer and worth cultivating, but not when Bingham is ft home—not if I know it." " What have you said to Mr. Dunstan lo make him go away so soon, Geoffrey ?" asked his wife. " Said to him ? Oh, I don't know. He offered to give me a pair of guns, and I told him that I did not accept presents from my acquaintances. Really, Honoria, I do not want to interfere with your way of lile, but I do not understand how you can associate with such people as this Mr. Dunstan." " Associate with him !" answered Lady Honoria. " Do you suppose I want to associate,.. with him ? Do you suppose that I don't know what the man is? But beggars cannot be choosers; he may be a cad, but he has £30,000 a year. It is too bad ot you, Geoffrey," she went on with rising temper, " when you know all (hat I must put up with in our miserable povertystricken life, to take every opportunity of making yourself disagreeable to the people I think it wise to ask to come and see us. Here I am returning from comfort to this wretched place and the first thing that you do is to make a fuss. Mr. Dunstan has got boxes at several of the best theatres, and be offered to let me have one of them whenever I liked, and now of course there is an end o! it. It is too bad, I say." " It is really curious, Honoria," said her husband, " to see what obligations you are ready to put yourself under in search of pleasure. It is not dignified of you to accept boxes at theatres from this gentleman." "Nonsense. There is no obligation about it. If he gave us a box, of course he would make a point cf looking in during the evening, and then telling his fiiends that it was Lady Honoria Bingham he was speaking to—that is the exchange. I want to go to the theatre; he wants to get into good society—there you have the thing in a nut-sbell. It is done every day. The fact of the matter is, Geoffrey," she went op, looking very much as though she were about to burst into a flood of angry tears, "as I said just now beggars cannot be choosers—I cannot live like the wife of a banker's clerk. I must have some amusement, and some comfort, before I become an old woman. If you don't like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, before I was old enough to know better, or why do yon not make enough money to keep me in a way suitable to my position ?" " We have argued that question before, Honoria," said Geoffrey, keeping his temper with difficulty, " and now there is another thing I wish to say t6 you. Do you know that detestable woman Anne stopped for more than half an hour at Paddington Station this evening, flirting with a ticket collector, instead ol bringing Effie home at once, as I told her to do. I am very angry about it. She is not to be relied on ; we shall have some accident with the child before we have done. Cannot you discharge her and get another nurse ?" " No, I cannot. She is the one comfort; I have. Whera,aml going to find another woman who can make dresses like Anne —she saves me a hundred a year—I don't care if she flirted with 50 ticket collectors. I suppose you got this story from Effie the child ought to be whipped for tale bearing, and I daresay that it is not true." " Effie will certainly not be whipped," answered Geoffrey, sternly. " I warn you that it will go very badfy with anybody who lays a finger on her." "Oh, very well, ruin the child. Go your own way, Geoffrey. At any rate, I am no going to stand here to listen to aoy more abuse.. Good-night," and she went. Geoffrey sat dova and lit a cigarette. " A pleasant home-coming," he thought to himself. " Honoria shall have money as much as she ean spend—if I kill myself to get it, she shall have it. What a life, what a life! 1. wonder if Beatrice would treat her husband like this—if she had one." He laughed aloud, at the absurdity of the idea, and then, with a gesture of impatience, throw his cigarette into the fire and went to his loom to try and get some sleep, for he Was thoroughly wearied* (To be continued.) 