-.--tHEfeTORYTEIXEiR::/ PRINCESS AND SPY, ? OB » BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. BY JAMES S. BOELA.SE. CHAPTER XXV. TVHAT ADA DID WITH THE POISONED BOT QTTET. '' Marie Catherine, Princess Olga, felt very miserable after the Police Minister had left her. ' She was one of those who shrank not from any crime, as long aa its accomplishment was a long -way off, but. the deed-tha't she had now to do was so near by that it fairly appalled her. .Besides, it is one tiling to innict pam aijd anguish on those we hate, but a widely different one tp -take on one the, attributes of ihe 'infallible and dismiss them from the world. - ' . ' . The Princess Olga, like the majority of Russian ladies of a quarter of a century, ago, was grossly ' superstitious, and the idea that, 'Aida, .Bayard poisoned, ' she might ever after of a night be haunted by her ghost, formed one of the unpleasant: thoughts that harassed and troubled her, Still the terrible must be done ; she knew that. ? She' dare not break her Seged word to tho grim, stern Police Inister, or far worse than a painless death 'in sleep might happen unto her. ... -'?After all,- she murmured; ' I shall- but send her the sooner to heaven, for she looks like a girl who has never committed . a mortal sin — ay, sometimes she looks as though she were half an ' angel already ; whereas iif I were sentenced to a sudden death, on1 — and she finished her self communion with a shudder. That day slowly passed away, and the nigjit as well '(a sleepless one for the Princess), and the next morning came, and with it the bouquet and the snuff box. '... '. The Princess opened.the latter and re ? garded with awful interest the curry colored powder with which it was half filled. It certainly had the spell of snuff! at a distance, but, as may, readily .imagined, the princess did not itpproach her pretty little nose Very near to it. And now the night time has arrived, ? the ' night time that, in the brilliant capital of- holy (?) Russia, veils so many ? crimes and sins. Tho Princess is very pale and agitated . as Ada dresses her for a ball that she is supposed to be going to attend, and Baba has been despatched to the great French .milliner's in the Newskoi Prospect for some delicate confection of lace that she declares she basset her heart upon wear ing on the present occasion. Through a double casomented window (a necessary precaution to keep out the chilly presence of King Frost) the melodious bells are just ringing for second vespers from within the domed towers of the great church of Our'. Ladyjof Kazan, a fane that during the height of the Greek schism, was intended; to-jrival .in grandeur St. Peter's at Home, bufcwhich suffers in 'every way and. almost grotesquely by the 'comparison. ?:?:.; ?'? '? ..!-?-? \- i 'How- beautiful thej.i!Dimdil..'2Iijwaaig likejTOioeft-Bpeaking-to one out of heaven,' '.exclaimo'd'Ada presently with'a' burst of .'feeling she could not ropressi ' ? ? ? .. : I 'Do youjhmk of heavon?.' asked the Princess; with half a shudder., ; : ' Of course I do, your Highness. What else bright and cheerful hare ' I ,to ? thinlc.ofp' ., ' , , . ... '. 'Many things. I should thinki Tou; are young and lovely and doubtless be loved.' .1 - ; ' Alas, all who love me are in heaven. Perhaps that is why I think of it so much. . ? j , ? ;. ' I imagine' 'there is one whom you love who has not'gone there yet, although tho other night ho was almost, perhaps, des patched on the journey,' smiled the Prin oess.' . ' \- Ada spoke not in answer, though the tears rose unbidden to the eyes. , ' | : i As she was standing behind the Prin cess' chair, dressing her immense and glossy volume of jet black Jiair, she hoped that?her emotion would; not be noticed; but 'the Princoss saw, it all in the fullr length mirifor that.stood directly in front of her, and she remarked, somewhat petu lantly — ?' \ ' ?;?;_ ' ' ? ? ' 1 ' Woll, if I've won your lover away from you I'm sure I can't help it. He will danco attendance upon mo whenever ho has a chance. I don't encourage him a bit. In fact he often keeps far more at tractive men from my sidb.'' ' : ' Will your Highness wear your azure satin dress that's . trimmed with swan's down, or the pea'groen velvet with tho gold and opal adornments ?' .?? : 'Neither; to-night I shall put on the ii6w crimson plush robe that has no sleeves. No matter how narrow they cut them, they always hide the prettiest part of the arm. Don't you think so ?' . ' Very often, I must own, that they do.' But, your Highness, that dress is cut so low that I fear you hare not a corset that you can possibly wear with it' , 'Then we will do without one. My figure requires no artificial settihgup.' . ' OhVyourHighness, how got you .that 'dreadful bruise upon your breast ?' ''. )',' ' It was a'blow, said tho Princess, with a shiver.,; 'I— I, was struck there.' ' How could anyone have been so hoartr less? It is almost.past belief. ? 1 We Russians have not lost all our barbarism. Saw you ever ? a Russian wedding P' . 'Never. But your Highness forgets how short a time I have been out.'- ' * VWell,- then, one of tho essential forms is that,-' at the second most important jpoint of the service, the brido kneels ? down and presents 'the 'bridegroom with ja whip, in token of his auihprityfby.er.her. 'Not so kvery.long ago he used 'to'.cfp' his jsharb to the pantomime by striking her ;smartly across the shoulders with at ; but that part of the ceremony is now. . discon tinued, and the whip is ? taken home and hung up for domestic use. You need not smile, it is a positive fact.' ' ' ' Then it is a very abominable one,' said ' Ada, congratulating horself, mean while, that she had succeeded in chang ing the topic of conversation, for she felt sure that had the Princess continued to converse on Sir Harry's devotion to her, his apparently unsolicited devotion, too, she must have broken down. Tho tormentor, however, was bent on recurring to the subject, for it now seemed to her that her victim was so ready to die that she would be heaping a positive favor on her by allowing her to smell the death-fraught bonquet. : The toilette went on until the English girl had made her heartless rival look ravishingly beautiful. ?Presently she was complete all save tho the lace that Baba had ostensibly been sent to the Frenoh milliner's to obtain. Hark ! are they her footsteps ascending the marble-stepped, gilded-railed stair case P They are as light as any woman's, but it is because the boots of the wearer are shod with gutta- percha. It is a tall, gaunt man, wrapped in a military cloak, and with a black glazed, gold-banded cap drawn well 'over his eyes. He has passed the dvornick or hall porter by merely showing something that he holds in his hand ; and tho same token has acted as a passport to such other servants as he has met upon the .way. \ It is the Minister of Police. ; The head of the stairs gained, ho traverses the illuminated corridors, as though he knew every inch of tho way, as doubtless he did. ' Presently he [reached tho. dark recess or closet, lighted by the |little pane of glass let into the wall that commands a view of the Princess1 bed-room. He draws aside the velvet curtain a matter of half-an- inch, and prepares to watch and wait, ' Ah,' he mutters to himself, ' she is resolved that her victum's dying gaze shall drink in the incomparable beauty of her murderess. Had she not her father's accursed eyes mothipks I could see her mother again in her, and be content to worship at ;an old shrine repainted and regilded. As it is, however, she must serve my enda and then perish. Now to watch how sho performs her work.' ' Do you think that I will bewitch him still more to-night,' asked the Princess, as she rose from the 'chair in which she had sp long been seated, and sailed to and fro with much rustling of her long silken train in front of the mirror, glancing over a smooth polished shoulder, each time at her fair presentment, 'I think I will change your Englishman's love to wor ship on this occasion. Do not you P Come child, I will wager you a pair of gloves against a kiss that he urges me to hasten our wedding by at least a month.' '?? 'Has he, then, asked you to marry him P' gasped Ada» hysterically. f ' Did I. nbtitell yoa ihat.he i called upon -me for that express purpose yesterday? Ah, I dare, say it' slipped my' memory.1 Poor, fellow, .he didlook suchafool.iiHe.' had evidently made .a set speoch 'and. then, quite forgotten - it; ?- I just tortured him -rat ?a'littte' Shdthen.^TttsnriBSEd'irim witif neither. a yes nor a no.'.;;.'. -; ?? .. ,.y ?'.,-. : 'And 'will you streat1 him :so!if ,he repeats his 'offer to-night?' : - : ';': .? ?'?, 'No, 'I think that I mayhave pity..on him,1 i for ho isjroally a very handsome fellow,' Married, 'we should make the very prettiest couple in St.' Petersburg;'' , 'And in a 'month' the most wretched,' gastind 'Ada; with a bittor smile.' -i 'i nn * ''Well, I' daresay ' I should drive 'him half wild ?* with jealousy, for I would: never 'content myself with the worship of one man. Like the fair white moon in heaven I like to shinoon all, and in return to' see' every face 'that. I1 help' to lighten turned on me in thankfulmoss arid admiration'; Now, if a husband tried to change me into a lamp that ho could shut up in his own house, and force to shine on |him alone, he would .find me very obstinate and 'rebellious.'- ; ,', , ?? Astonished that the girl whomshe: was mentally torturing made her no, answer, the Princess turned sharply; towards 'her, ; arid for. the first! time 'perceived that she had sunk, half -fainting'; into tho chair which she had.herself just .risen. -'. : ' ? . : 1 ^'The moment has [arrived,1, thought, the Princess, and she glided over -, to,: the toilette table, where sheiherself had laid the poisoned bouquet gently downero she had rung for Ada to dress her, and taking it up in her hand 'she' reorossedj the chamber; and bending over ;hor - victim; held it closo toher'nostrelsj saying^r-i ! ' Smell these beautiful flowers ; they! will revive you. He sent them to'me.', ., j The last most cruel-taunt — for be it remembered it was levelled at' one' whom she believed would, carry it as a last pain ful remembrance to -her grave — indubit- ably saved Ada Bayard's life ;.for, seized' with a momentary resentful passion, .in stead of smelling : the bouquet, she grasped the mass of beautiful , flowers in her hand, tore them . away from ;tho Princess, and scattered- them over tho floor. . .??''. : :? ' Then, jrith a low. moan and shudder, she fainted: dead! away. ,....,; ai [ ?* The i fool, /the-.-bluriderinK'.. idiot, . ;that( dinipledt back others ishalli be out to,' ribtons for this,' muttered- the Police Minister fiercely to himselfey and ; full of fury; .with flashing eyes, and ??- clenched fists, ho was about to break into the room where the Princess sixjod-gazing by turns at the unconscious girl and :the 'scattered flowers, with the air and) 'aspect of 'one who by1 the catastrophe ; Had sealed her pwn doom', when in turn he ?became rooted to tho spot through observing |the Princess' bed-room. 'door,, suddenly open, and.no less than thirtoen.men glide noiselessly,.ono after the 'other, into tho apartment.; ' t As to the iPrincess, thinking., that 'the vengeance of the Police Minister * was' at once about to fail upon her, as a conse quencfi_of..the_ failure that she had 'just been guility of, she uttereda shrill shriek, and then.ifallmg on her kneos, piteously implored pity, and pardon ; for all the men wore masks, and sho knew, not but that one of them might be Prince Gol goroukis himself. CHAPTER XXVI. THE THIRTEEN. MASKED MEN. ; 'Be composed and fear nothing' exclaimed a voice. ' We are friends. We have come to aid and serve you. Is she not beautiful, my friends P' The last sentence was apparently ad dressed to the twelve other masked and shrugged forms, for immediately every head was bowed in token of assent. The Princess felt somewhat reassured. Her heart no longer seeded to require holding in its place with her little ringed hands. She even called up a smile, and tremulously demanded from the intruders what they required o£ her. ' 'Wo will come to that presently, your Highness,1 answered he who appeared to be their spokesman. ' Before we tell you what we desire you to do for us it would be better that wo informed you what we have done and are ready and willing ,to do for you. Gratitude may then second our prayers.' ,, ' Oh, you have dared to intrude into my palacp to ask favors P' . ' No, we have intruded to prevent your committing an abominable crime' ' H ? and d ? !' muttered the Prince to himself within the closet. . As to the Princess, all her horror re turned at the half accusation; so. con vulsed indeed did sho becoine with fear that her teeth chattered, and sho had to grasp the back of a chair for support. ? ?Oh,' she wailed forth, 'the crime is not committed. I am innocent.' ' It is well. Know you why you were asked to commit that crime p It was in order that the Police Minister might saddle it and a similar one, of which he was indirectly guilty, on to your shoulders, and gain the opportunity oE crushing you. I tell you naught but tho truth.' ' And who you that dare thus to accuse the mighty Police Minister ?' 'One whom he deems a blind and unscrupulous agent, which indeed I am as long as it suits my turn, but no longer,' was the reply ; and as the speaker con cluded he moved for a moment his mask, and revealed a face aswhiteasthecnamol dial of a watch, with eyebrows and moustache as blue-black as the hands that move thereon. It 'was a countenance once seon never to be forgotten. ' That infernal scoundrel Ivan Rey-loff,' muttered Prince Golgoroukis to himself within the closet. 'lam about to hoar something highly interesting and useful, I imagine ; how' fortunate that in the pre sent instant I attend to my own business instead of entrusting it to a deputy.' ' I can't say that your face particularly charms me, so now for your good deeds,' said the Princess ; who direotly she found that her'interlpcutor was . opposed to 'the' Polipo Minister instead 'of acting' on his' behalf ipsTnoarly all ^er. fears.,' ' ?' ' ' ?. The .fact was 'she' could' not : imagine1 any /'other ' source of 'mingled; terror and power in Russia'. Of tho;now sect ;oalled; £fil-itfsts she .had heard little or, nothing.' Her duties as a' potiee -ajjorit were' solely witliih'the walls of pala'cesj-' ' ?' ' '?'?'? \- 'You may.'dispiso moandiriy assertions1 at present, Princess,-' said Ivan- Royloff, ? bittorly, 'but when you ;have heard me to the end you '.will cease to do- so1.' ' He pulled a watch from his pocket, and thus continued,: — ?- 'You wore to have murdered that girl with a' poisoned bonquot. You neodn't answer mo, for it will be a w-sto of valu able' time, and I am quite equal to do all the talking. You were to have murdered her, I say, and then to have sent to report her_ death, as by law required; ' at the Police' Bureau. A doctor was promised to be sent who should state that the girl died from natural causes ; but he would have been instructed to report her mur dered. The bouquet, the snuff-box— that very box that you were requested : to retain as a soiiviriir — wero to be used as evidence , against you; and you were finally to' bo tried in private, found guilty, and/doomed ' to'pbfish 'rieath tho knout:' ' The villain'; 'how could ho, have learnt all that? There must, bo'earholes in' the walls of iny p'alace,1 ' miittered thie' listen- ing.'Police Minister to himself. ' . ; 'Oh,' ? wailed forth the beautiful Princess,, wringing her hands, 'how could he have been so cruel? What havo-T-what have I do^e to make him hate mo so?' ' 'You have dared to: resemble the mother who jilted him and the father who cut him put him her affections. That is'the reason that he hates you.' !' Oh; this' is preposterous. I will not believe so absurd a tale.' ' You will bo prudent to do so. He has directly or indirectly caused the deaths of your parents and all your brothers and sisters;' You are tho last of your name and race, arid he has saved you1 to the end as nbonne louche. Through his connivance you were ruined at the gaming-table, and in your desperation he forced you to enter tho Secret Police. This night he intends to sacrifice, you for doing liim a service, for.it is .to his , interest that, that girl should die, its much as it is' his pleasure that, you shpuld.suffier death for doing his dirty work. Oh, tho Prince has more than one bait. to each hook, believe me.' ' Ali, you speak with an air of terrible conviction. I; believe you now, even against my will and reason. Oh, fool that I was -to listen' to ' his cajoleries when I yet bore the mark of his brutal fist on my flesh.''1 ' ''?.-', ?' ; ..' The tiger is more to be feared when he purrs than when he roarsi'y'our High ness.' ?' ' ''.' ,'. . ' ! ' Too true, too true. -But what is to be dpnoP. The.-girl. isn't dead.; Instead^of femellingt the iiflowergt^shej dashed ,;tHe'm, from, riiyihanii.'ft Can? you; save me, and/if ,- ho, hare you', the cwill 'and -courage to ^ttemptt'it'-Pf I'tua'not rich, but if I lack gold I have' emeralds and diamonds 'of rare value, and they shall be yours— all- all!' ' , . ' ' ' We want neither your emeralds nor ?your diamonds,1 said Ivan Royloff. ' We are conspirators against the Czar and his infamous Ministers. We. are about to found a republic on the ruins of his empire. In France they chose the most beautiful woman that they could find as the emblem of the new order of things, and men fell down and worshipped her as the Goddess of. Reason, though- in truth she was a pitiful drab fished out of the 'mud in the streets. We are more am bitious. We,(lwant something noble to emblazon upon bur banners and upon our coinage, to enthrone in our temple and within our hearts, and we have found it in thee.' ' 'In thee !' repeated the twelve other masked forms, like an echo. i ' Are you a collection of madmen ?' de maridedthe Princess, breathlessly. ' If we are',' replied Ivan Eeyloff, calmly, ' wo are at the head of ninety thbusarid Russians, who, in accepting us as their guides, must be madder than we. The first blow struck, and by our Lady of Kazan, the sword is already uplifted, those numbers will change in a week to nine hundred thousand, or more. The strength of a down-trodden people is enormous when they rise en masse against their oppressors. Speak but the word and I will swear unto you that within a week from now your home shall be the Winter Palace, your chair the Emperor's golden throne, your realm tho half of Europe.' 1 ' You hold forth a bright and ambitious future to tho grasp of a mere girl ; but you expect something in return for all this — what is It p' ' Passive acquiescence in all that we do, both before and after wo have raised you to the pinnacle of greatness that I have spoken o£. We can make you tho idol of this great nation, but we must bo the priests who pull the strings that cause tho idol to wink, to smile, or to prophesy ; we will pour wealth and jewels into your lap —we will allow you to shine with the effulgence of the summer sun at noonday — but you' must charm and inflame all hearts, whilst we govern them in your name. Have I spoken with sufficient plairness ?' ' Assuredly. But what would you have mo do in the first instance ?' ' To become the butterfly you must first enter into the chrysalis state. Wo have no palace or throne to offer you yet, although you are within a week's journey of them. Tho grave is a dark and un pleasant prelude to heaven, and yet heaven cannot be reached save through its dismal portals.' ' Tell me in a word whither you purpose n.«tt? to take me P1 ' I will be candid. To a cellar beneath one of the meanest houses in St. Peters burg; but then its door is sealed against the Police Minister.,' i.'OhJ'i should dio viii such a place/- ? moaned .tho beautiful Princess.'^. ' ', ? ' I 'Toil will assuredly die' unlesss yoa Bccept it as a shelter,' your' Highness- r-z ._ ' Cannot you sparo a p6rtipri:'.of your; ninety; thousand men to protect' 'your1' future Empress arid1 divinity' within' the walls of her own palace ?'? '?', '?''?''' ;?? ' ? ' 'Impossible !,for wo dare not show bar* ' strength until wo are prepared ' to strike. It would be to court' destruction- instead' ' otto inflict it.' ?'' JJ ' ' ' ?'' ' ' ' Oh, -then,, give mo time tothink. ; Dp not force ifia to tako a step '.rfmtl/miy litorwards regret. To fall is bad enough, but to fall as the -divinity of the Gariaille srould add a sting'^to death worse than that of tho knout.' 'Your Highness, Wa\e riot all Cdnailte, us you are pleased to term us. Amongst ? aur ranks are some' of the noblest 'names, ' arid most oxaulted minds in Russia.1 Men/ who have won honors at tho TJaiversitie's men who have, enlarged their ideas of freedom by foreign1 travel ; poets, philoso phers ; ay, even a thin sprinkling of the younger nobility.' :. 'Ah, that gives' mo soino comfortY and1' yet I ask again.for time to think. I^so'bnx -- to stand on a narrow edge of rock with' a, precipice on either hand. T -.think ''that ; you have shown mo that yours' is the' ' shallower of the two; oven if. there is rii'ore mud at the bottom, but t feol'certaifi'pf ' nothing oxceptthat I have not the courage to dio. How long will you give me to consider?' . ?. ? 'Were I to allow you more than an hour it would be equivalent to signing your death- warrant. That, or noarly that ' time will, I think, bo almost safe for you. to'take. Is it your desiro that we'with draw for that period ?' ? ' It is, it is. Yes, go. I can 'indulge in caliner reflection if left aloiio.' t '' 'But you must give ine your solemn assuraneethat you won't attempt to betray us.1 ' Willingly. Why should I when yoa have tried to do me a service.' ' You 'hayo decided rightly. We are . your onlyhope on earth.' And without waiting for a reply the thirteen masked men bowed almost to the ground, and then quitted tho room in, ' Indian file. ' I must follow,them. I must discover where their secret hiding place is. |He- c who serves himself, ia always well seri'ed.. She can wait my return. Woe unto her for' this night's \y6rk !' muttered the con cealed Police Minister to himself, as he quitted his hiding place in the rekr of the last of the Nihilist conspirators, and' cautiously followed them down into the j street. , \\- \ ' No servants were to bo seen, even the [I dvornic or hall-porter was not in his cosy leathern box. 'TJae outer door stood wide open. . . . ?''?? ' Ah, others I see can bribe as well as me,' soliloquised the Polioe, Minister. , ' CHAPTER' XXVlI. iBABA IN THE HANDS OE THE PHILIS TINES. We must leave the Olga Palace and the tragic events that are occurring and still to occur therein to follow the steps of Baba. She was not so pliant a tool in' the hands of her employer as those employers had imagined, in proof whereof she had resolved to pay another call whilst she ' wus out, in addition to her deputed one at the French milliner's. That morning, in another briof inter view that, at great risk to herself, she had obtained with Ada Bayard, she had. enticed from her the secret that she loved the young English attache who the day before had called upon the Princess, and.' had once thought he loved her in return. ' ' If he did once lovo her ho could never cease to love her, because that would be ? impossible,' thought the faithful Baba to herself. ' If, therefore, I find him out and tell him that she is in peril, he may find a way of serving her, for they say the British Ambassador is a powerful man.' So she made her way in the first in stance towards the British Embassy in stead of to the French milliner's shop on the Nevskoi Prospect, outside which the'' police were waiting to clap hands on her on a charge of robbery. When she reached the palace of the British Embassy its grandeur almost ap palled her, and she was not at all en- ? couraged by obsorving that the dvornics at tho outer door were Russians. Af tor a moment's hesitation she, how ever, went boldly up tho broad granite steps, into tho columned portico, where, in as firm a voice as sho could assume, she asked to see Sir Harry Gordon. The two hall porters, who, though temporarily servants of tho English, were at the same time tho agents and spies of their own Government, pretended at first not to know whom she meant ; but when she persisted that there was such an. officer attached to the Embassy, and again and again pronounced his name, they ? changed their manner, demanded, sneer ingly, ' what an English gentleman could, want with tho likes of her ?' and ordered her to ' get away at once if she would: avoid worse consequences.1 As sho still stood her ground, and* simply repeated her entreaties, tho two ruffians took hold of hor by either arm, ran her down the steps, and would, have dashed her face foremost into the- snow had not one of them suddenly recsived a slash aoross the face, and tho other a rap. ovor the head from a tolerably thick Malacca cane, which caused them to let go of hor, and bow their heads, in slavish obsequiousness almost to tho ground to. aim who had paid them such delicate at tention.' Baba, freed from their tsmacious and painfal grip, looked up. to discover that heEiescuer was no other than him whom sbe desired so much to get speech with — the young English attache. ? Have the brutes hurt you, my good, woman, f ' asked he, kindly. ' i l$Pigir,' she..answered,'..in;liqr broken EEnfeKsli^ *noji very much.' 7,., : ',-,.; ; ;,..,,; 'TWtiat liad'.'yoi].'4aoiie'to'anaVe them use ,'yotfin such'-a'manrier.P'. . ., ,. „,. f She 'vrpuld insist oii seeing a person 'who; was'n|t, in. existence,' Excellency P' ., This\was from one of ? tho men, and his ?companion added, 'And slip's a known. » bad character.' . ? ? . ? .. , ';. ' ???;(??? 'It's all false, sir,' said' poor Baba. ' * It's'Voii yourself that. I desired to see, ? sir'.J'' I— I am of the bousehold of -the ?'Princess. Olga.', ..:,., , . ' ? ' In itself a sufficient fefutationjof those txasoals'calumny.' 'Woll?' ,v; , 'T;;wquld'likp.to :speakv,t6 you on a ? matterof importance, but -of their hear i ing;1*'' '' ''?''? ?'' ' .i- ' ','. .?'... 'OS. with you, you scoundrels, back- to your dons,' said. /Sir, Harry, 'flourishing his cane, for. he was. rapidly acquiring : [Russian manners towards his inferiors^ as \- all men do who live in St. Petersburg ? long. .'. ';. ''.[; Tho;tw-i hall-porters at once slunk away, muttering curses not loud but deep against' Baba, who they resolved should ere long deeply r.ue having got them into i a scrape. JNever were .men more likely to keep their word, .the more- so .as like nearly all of, 'their profession they wore in the pay of: the police, as well as in that of their ? ostensible employers. ^ow,.my good woman, you may speak ? freely and without 'fear.' 'Well, sir, would you serve a young cqnntrywoman of your own,?' ? '!Of course I would, 'but -I thought you were a serf of the Princess'.plga.' ..' '. .''So I am, but I -would speak now of ? one who is her .guest. Her .guest, did I say ? Her slave would be the . better same. :,,.-The Princess means her some mischief; I'm sure that .she does, and all because she is so much more, beautiful than herself, the one sin that she cannot forgive.' ' ? I ,f.3?or Heaven's sake, my good woman, , tell'me of whom you are speaking.' ' , .. ,' Ah, sir, I am speaking of one who did dream that you loved her. If over poor, ?wretched, friendless orphan girl 'needed the: love of a man with .a stout heart and a strong arm to protect her, she does at this moment.' 'But, my dear, good creature, this is not telling, me who, she is.?' ? ? ' Does not; your own heart tell you, sir, that I. am speaking of Miss A — ? P' ' Gordon, how are you, my dear fellah ? Ha, I've caught you, have IP' exclaimed a.merry,. boisterous voice, and tho young attache was seized hold of. by both shoulders and wheeled round until he faced a Russian youth of about his own age* with whom he had been rather friendly of late. 'Alexis,. excuse me one moment,1 said he; i. -? ? 'No, no, old fellah,' laughed his Musco vite acquaintance, who either was or pre tended to be three sheets in the wind. ' Ha, ha, ha, don't allow of any of those . goings on, you know. Nioe Jattle party, I've*no doubt, but morality forbids. Can't allow it.can't indeed. It'llnever do, you inow.' And. all this while, for he was as strong as a bull, the loudly- laughing and merry - i looking Russian . kept .Sir Harry facing him. Meanwhile, what was Baba doing, or /rather being done to P The very instant that the young swell Alexis (a swell in the pay of the police, for he had. squandered away his patri mony long, ago) hud apparently larkingly wheeled-Sir Harry round, two men, one of wiom carried a great loose muffler in his hand, sprang upon Baba from behind. ' The muffler was thrown over her head, and a, portion thereof crammed into her mouth, so that it was impossible for.her to utter a single articulate word, and no sooner, w.as this done than the two men half -carried, half-dragged her round the corner (much to the amusement and delight of the grinning hall porters), thrust her into a sleigh that was in waiting, ,aud drove her oil with light ning speed in the direction of the nearest police station. .All this while Alexis, who was a. Piitparoochick or sub-lieutenant in the ?Cos.saiiks.of the Guard, plaj'f ully wrestled with the .groung Englishman, only suffer ing himself, after a lapse of two or three aninutes, to be convinced that he had in terrupted .not a disreputable assignation, fbut.a conversation of considerable import .ance. ' Awfully sorry, I'm shaw, my dear fellah; but who'd have thought it, you inow ? exclaimed he . then ; for young Jtlistua not only speaks our language . as well as we. do, but drawls, lisps, and slangs in it with equal skill. 'I'm demmed so'rry, you know; demmed sorry, on my ?word.' Confound it! She's gone !' .ejaculated lie. ? , ..' '. . ' By Jawve, and so she has,-'' echoed1 the Putparodchick Alexis, as hejixed a gold-rimmed glass on his dexter eye. ' How very remarkable, to bo shaw.. Got clear away, I declare.' ' Did you observe which vray she went, Alexis ? 'asked our hero. .... ' No I really did not observe her vanish. It's very remarkable.' ' I'd have given a hundred guineas . to have hoard what she had to say.' .' You stop here, friend, and I'll try to hunt the little party up. I noticed her head-dress, and so shall know her again. 'SSow don't you stir, in case she should .come buck to this ; spot after I am gone, d'j^e see.' , ' . , And ere Sir Harry could remonstrate ho hud gone. The attache walked slowly up and down in front of the Palace of the Embassy, for nearly a quarter of an hour, but no Baba showed up again, nor did, -his volatile- friend Alexis return either. ? , ' ; . By ,that time he had worked himself up into & perfect .fever ,of anxious thought. . He iiad never been , quite easy in his mjnd: about Ada since the discovery that Jier father bad been poispne d,. , . .....,.?_? j Her, departure, had .been,, so ? sudden, I and ono, ovent'follpwed . so. 'rapidly upon another, that no wonder vague suspicion's and a general feeling of .uneasiness had entered his breast, feelings which' his in terview with Baba. had .changed into sur-,' raises. ? , ? . ' : - -?'!?'??' i ' '??' \ '? I,wish,that fool, Alexis. -had', tumbled down and broken''his neck' rather than ,turhed,up at such a moment,' hie muttered 'to himself. 'As it isV.-.I have heard too 'little, and yet too much. .Too. little to excuse me for taking .'decisive, actioh.-fpo much to, bear passively without gbing mad. No I'll be shot if I will bear it passively. ; At the cost, of courtesy, good breeding, and all the proprieties I'll satisfy; myself at once and for ever. ,,',-. And leaning, heavily on his stick, for he was still somewhat feeble, our hero bent his steps .in the. direction of .the Olga Palace; much wondering, It 'must bo owned, what ho should say and do. when he got there. ? . Yes,, he could not hide from himself that he had but the very vaguest surmises to act on,' and that even did be get inside the Princess' abode he had,not the title of an exouse. for daring to search it; Even for the rudeness he contemplated he ran the risk of being kicked out of polite society during the remainder of his stay in Russia, if , not of being ordered home by his chief. But the ; chance that Ada was still in St. Petersburg and in peril overcame all these thoughts and fears united. He resolved that he would force his way into ?the palace of the Princess if they would admit, him in no other manner, and once there, if all other means failed, shout . Ada's name aloud untill he elicited an answer. Full : of these thoughts and resolves, he had got as far as the corner of Navegdski Strasse, when a sleigh was suddenly reined up in front of him, and a gruff yet [not uncourteous voice hailed him with — . _ _ . 'This is not a fit time for an invalid to be out. of doors, surely P ' ?Sir Harry lpoded up and saw that the speaker was,Prince Golgorbukis. , ' ' (To be continued.) 