THE KENNEL. EE VIEW OF THE DOG FANCY IN VICTORIA. Br THE KENNELMAS. Continuing my review of the different breeds, the next tlaes to claim attention is the Newfoundland?, and here, I am sorry to Bay, we are sadly in want of new importations, as there is not a good specimen in the colony up to show form ; in fact, the majority ex hibited are scarcely worthy the name, many of them only remotely resembling the real thing, and I hope soon to hear that someone has sent home for new blood. St. Bernards present a pleasanter picture, and both in numbers and quality show con siderable improvement, and as a few ex hibitors, including Captain Clark, Mr. C. Ridley, and others, declare their intention of making farther importations, these noble looking dogs may soon be expected to be fairly well represented amongst us. It ib, how ever, to be regretted that Mr. Anderson, who made such an excellent start with the breed, should have decided to give them up. Deerhound classes were without a repre sentative at this year's show; but it is pleas-1 ing to know that some high- claes ones hive iust completed their quarantine, and, with iheir puppies, are likely to be aa attractive part of the next Melbourne Bhow. As greyhound men have usually more ex pensive engagements for their favourites, few care to risk the chances of contracting cold, &c.;, at a show, hence the number exhibited are usually few; yet there was an improve ment in this direction at the V. P. and D. Society's show, and the quality of the exhi bits was good. But in these classes some of the country shows beat the metropolitan fixtures, and, taken altogether, Victoria pos sesses some as fine-looking greyhbu'nds aa could be found in the world. - ' ' Bulldogs are yet far from being adequately represented, and the breeds baa-'received a blow in the loss of Mr. Hamp*t 'Jubilee, whose accidental death I chr6nwlell a short time ago. There is a good' field open here for some new faces. .V Pointers Bhow slight 'Improvement, and Bome very typical specimens turn up at bar Bhows, yet, considering the large numbejrof gun sportsmen amongst us, I rather mWrvel the breed is not more numerous. We have very few English setters worth the title as far as show dogs an concerned, and none that "would stand a ghost of a chance on the old-country benches. In the Gordons, however, great strides have been made, and if we go on improving at the rata we have done the last two years, our black and tans will soon be eqnal to any In the world. When Heather bounce arrived in the colony, although I did not like him. I predicted good results from* him with the large colonial stock, and so far my predic tions appear likely to be realised, for al though only one of this cross, was exhibited, viz, Heronwood Rajrvby Heather Bountfe from Herouwood Ilg,nfl suoceeded in some-, what easily defeating all his opponents, his victories never being in doubt. Unfortunately his two brothers, taUHo mat promise, died of disteripei1. tofctr IF ife-boped another Jitter will be xplsedffqg} ftiMne crosa Irish selters Jjttve improved, and looking throtwh&e; pMigeees of tnost of the BaccM.fttl oae^ it^ Went a treat deal of the credit thkt grind dog improv£maafc1,4ft absence ottiMWc that were ono*«o " RetrieVertf th moire portntujh 01 hitches fit to m~»l to hear one v home, as until vancecfth he e' ^ 8J}aW$1s iu the Iwrt rapid etrideB, and our claaawT",. i=:5:55 with a lot of reallyuaefol specitaena0* fil'ed them far above ordinary merit ?ota<=c, pleasing: result the thanks if *nd f« this »asonable fees, infnMx) ;L""8lu<ldo»J and w me mmoea of at reasonable fees, infused ta£ 2J ****. of other fanciers a tcmch of ,t*enP«l« Btamp. Mr. G. R. rieht a move in tho rij?ht direction h-° Staler Bean, for altfconrfi «little difi^MU|>g coat he is of good lenirth.andn111^ immense bone, which till U»»f«m vice m crossing with.tlie lieht-Ww^ $ *«? £firong,t*** fWSBJfffc 