GREAT BRITAIN. TEARING OFF THE MASK The great figures in the debate on ft. iberal side were (says United IrelnZ r. Gladstone, Sir Charles Russell O p 1 r. Whitbread, Mr. Morley, and Mr abouchere. The speech in which Mr ladstone moved his amendment was one f the noblest ever delivered within th 8 walls of St. Stephen's. Though of 1 ifferent stamp, and moulded on widelt ivergent lines, the oration of Mr. Sexton s hardly less an historie one. I n 0M espect it was more notable. It developed masked battery, so to speak—one which or the moment absolutely staggered the overnment. Letters were read .which stablished the fact that communications ad passed between Lord Salisbury and igott, that even after Pigott's suicide he Government were lending its detectives o the Times in the hope of buying up vidence (against the Irish leaders, even hough it involved perjury; and that the spy Le Caron had been himself engaged n the work of instigating dynamite oatages in Ameriea, or trying to get people to commit such outrages, in the supposed interests of labour. Damning proof of this was furnished to the House by Mr. Sexton in the shape of a letter written bv the spy to the President of the Knights of Labour, Mr. Powderly. Mr. T. Harrington contributed evidence of the Government's treachery quite as astound, ing. He exhibited fa series of cipher telegrams which passed . between the limes agents in England and America, in one of which the services of the British Consulate were shown to be placed at the disposal of the Times by the Imperial Government, in the desperate hope of ehabilitating the case which had been pulverised by the pistol of Pigott. The ffect of these disclosures upon the public was profound—upon the Government tupefying. They made not the slightest attempt at denial or apology. Only the hief Secretary could be got to stand up o make an effort at reply; and the effort as like that of an enraged wild animal. He spoke not to the points raised, but ndulged in a hyena howl at the Irish party, shrieking out again, in language early as vile as the original, the whole stale set of charges set forth in that now are volume of historical literature, Purnellism and Crime," For this he eceived a terrible castigation from the iting birch of Sir William Harconrt. Bnt the Government whipped their rembling battalions, like slave gangs, up to the division, and defeated Mr. Gladstone's amendment by 71 votes in a very full House. This result did not, however, dispose of the shade of Pigott. The original motion of Mr. W. H. Smith had more pitfalls yet to face before the ugly ghost could be laid. 