PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, AUG. 20. The PRESIDENT took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock, and read the prayer PETITIONS Mr D HAM presented a petition from the Mine owners Association of the district of Ballarat submitting suggestions for the improvement. of the bill before the C much to mend the Mining; on Private Property Act 1884 It was suggested that the bill should be made to apply to quartz? mining: only no method of timbering extensive alluvial workings being., sufficient to presentiments to the surface also that power should be tested in the war seen in the matter of inspecting underground 1 worl areas and in the assessment of damages The petition was ordered to he on the table Mr (LORD presented a petition from the Ballarat Mining, Board with regard to the to me measure pray tug that clause 7 should U omitted from the hill The petition was ordered to be referred to the committee of the whole House when the bill was under consideration Hfl SI NIOll LADIM MOVTMKNI In reply to Mr MFIWLI», Mr 1)111« said there was at present one battalion of senior cadets in the Metropolitan district under Captain Whitehead and this was divided into eight detachments com prisms bO cadets in all General J alloch desired in every way to encourage the movement and had issued directions recently to militia regiment to render the senior cadets every assistance by giving, them the use of a drill room Vc he was also arrange that a portion of the elderly could be affiliated to each militia regiment and quite recently a grant in aid of uniforms had been given them 'they now received a capitation grant of LI which was considered sufficient for the purpose of uniforms and when a cadet reached the age of 17 he could join the militia and receive full privileges Both the senior and junior cadets had received capes lately in stead of great coats but while every en- couragement was in this way shown to the corps it was felt inadvisable to overload the Defence department HILL VICTORIA All RAILWAYS In reply to Mr ZEAL Mr CUTHBERT said the return ordered by the Council relative to the Victorian railways was being prepared, and would be laid upon the table Shortly Mr /LAL-Vie want it before the Railway Bill Mr CUTHBERT -Certainly Jim ALLOCATION OF THE PROSPECTING VOTE Mr. GORE moved "That in the opinion of the Council it is desirable that the Mining department do for the future refrain from taking upon itself the duty of discharging; functions delegated by Parliament to prospecting boards of., ' by the Minister of Mines, allocating certain portions of the amounts voted by Parliament for prospecting purposes without reference to an) prospecting board," an disclosed in the return laid upon the table of the Council on the 22nd July, 1800, such practicE being contrary to the spirit of the regulations and to the intentions of Parliament. In 1886 regulations with regard to prospect- ing boards were [mined, and the alloca- tion (if the vote WItH carried out until about two cure ORO on the line, intended. Hut last year for the first time the Minister went outside the recommendations of the boards, and allocated money against their expressed wishes, although the boards were absolutely mining areas The total amount recommended for house in the different districts was i COO, and for Ballarat the board only recommended £100 for bonus; Yet the Minister in his wisdom allotted £7,820 for bonne at Hal- large and ",'1,080 at Maryborough, where nothing; was. recommended license, had been prosecuted, as on the Ballarat common for example, where it was practical!, throwing the money away, there seemed to be of ten due) to take all the control from the boards and vest it in the department Prospecting boards had done good work in the past, as was instanced in the cane of the Duke Company, and these boards now felt very irate, being under the impression that a deliberate attempt was being made to deprive them of the local control. Mr. MOK1.V seconded the motion While spun the subject of prospecting he would suggest that the use of the diamond drills should not be granted without some local guarantee to show that a useful result might be expected from boring Sir CU t'lIBERi' considered the motion an important one, inasmuch as the House was asked to disagree with the allocation at the vote by the Minister and the Mining department. Wits it intended at the time regulations were framed appointing the prospecting boards that they were to supersede the Minister of Mines, and remove from him the responsibility of seeing that the money was properly allocated the functions of the board as defined were to receive and collect information with respect to the mineral resources of their districts, to receive and consider applications for aid from pro pecting votes, and to report on the best methods of developing the resources of their districts. The functions were therefore con- Filled to reporting to the Minister, but there was nothing in the regulations to indicate that the Minister was bound to act on the recommendations of the boards. Even when the appointment of a central board or council was recommended it was not intended that the Minister should be bound in that way. In anything the Minister had done he had never intended to set aside the recommendations of the boards, and, except in the case of lapsed votes, he had carried out those recommendations in past years. It was true that for 1890 '11 the boards only recommended £3,000 to be allotted for boring, and in some districts. Gippsland and Maryborough for example, the boards did not recommend a shilling to be spent in boring But the Minister had before him not only the recommendations of the boards, but strong recommendations from mining exports that a methodical system of boring should be carried out in the Ballarat district. A resolution passed by the Gold mining Commission in October last was very emphatic on this point, and indicated the opinion that a new gold held even equal to Ballarat might yet be found to the westward of that city Under these circumstances the Minister allocated H.OOD to li salaries, allotting £7,000 odd in accordance with the recommendations of the board, and devoting the balance in the direction so strongly urged by the officers of his department That was the sum and substance of his. offending. He thought hon. members must come to the conclusion that the Minister of Mines had hitherto performed his duty in regard to the vote, and that there was no reason for the House to express dissatisfaction with his conduct. Mr. CONNOR considered that the House was indebted to Mr. Gore for bringing the subject before it at the present time. It appeared remarkable to him that such a large portion of the prospecting vote had been spent in the Northern district, represented by the Minister of Justice. There ought to be a schedule of the proposed expenditure under the vote laid before Parliament every year. It seemed to him that the large amount of the vote, £80,000, had been principally distributed for political purposes He thought the motion should be amended, and moved that all the words after the words "in the opinion of the Council should he struck out, and the following words be inserted in their place The present system of distributing the vote for prospecting purposes is unsatisfactory, and ought to be amended at the earliest possible moment." The amendment was not seconded. Mr. ZEAL submitted that if the members of the prospecting boards were capable and useful men, the Government should give their recommendations the most important consideration, and the recommendations should have the greatest weight with the Minister. If the Minister were to be allowed to distribute the vote as he chose it would lead to backstairs influence, and to the money being laid out as the Government he was a member of should think suitable, A corrupt Minister might distribute the money for political purposes only. Mr. 0. HAM said it was important for the House to know what purnim of the votes had been used ell by deserving mining companies whose' claims for assistance had been recommended by the prospecting boards He thought the recommendations of the board last not received the respect they should have received. When they heard that half the amount voted to the Ballarat district had been spent contrary to the nth ice of the boards, It appeared that some persons, out side the heiress vveiemicing on themselves to act against the wishes and the very best interests of the people in the district Some of the companies whose claims had been recommended by the boards had been paralysed through their claims not being allowed. He hoped that the House would give rebel in the direction which was proposed by Mr Gore's motion. Mr. BRUN N stated that he could not support either the motion or amendment, as he could not blame the Minister for what he had done Sir FREDERICK SARGOOD had for some time had a very uneasy feeling with respect to the way in which the prospecting vote was distributed He could not, however, support the motion which said that Parliament had delegated certain functions to the prospecting boards which it had not delegated to them Parliament had appointed the board to give advice. but it held the Minister responsible for the distribution of the v ole. Mr. WYNNE believed that something like half a million of money had been thrown into the sea under the vote It demoralised some companies, and he had known a company in which a call had been made so as to enable the company to get a portion of the vote Instead of doing good the money had in many instances done harm The Duke Company to which reference had been made, had received about £6,000 from the prospect- ing votes, and yet the shareholders were wealthy men, able to pay calls, but pressure had been brought to bear from time to time in the Government to give subsidies to the company If there was to be a prospecting vote, it should be expended in districts where no mining was carried on at all the money should be expended in new districts in search for coal and other things, as well as for gold All the vote was used for now was simply to subsidise a few main, towns. The mining boards had outlived their usefulness, and all they did was to worry small selectors who desired to settle on the land Mr COUlTo contended that the recommendations of the prospecting boards ought to receive the fullest consideration from the Minister If hon. members were of opinion that the Minister had interfered with the functions of the boards they should support the motion, and if he had not interfered with those functions the carrying of The motion would intellect him Mr SERVICE stated that he would refer to a oiKiter which had first been mentioned with reference to the distribution of the prospecting vote, and that was a new departure made by the Minister of Mines in giving a portion of the vote to the Lain,! Logan Company with which to put on the new machinery He wished to say that he considered mat departure more objection- able than all the others which had been mentioned during the debate, for once they departed from the straight line in a very small degree it was a very simple thing to go a long way out of that line He thought it was a very fair thing to say that almost from the origin of the prospecting vote the money had been almost entirely thrown away He subsidies commenced with very small beginnings, and small parties of miners were sent into unknown country to prospect for gold That was something like prospecting and the country bore the expenditure with perfect satisfaction, because if there was actually anything discovered the money had been spent in a new discovery He agreed with a previous speaker that the vote had been distribute I politically He was not blaming the Minister more than those outside There had been a grab from persons outside to get a share of the vote, and it was considered that it was a vote which had been made to be grabbed at He lied read the motion very carefully, and he thought that its wording was objectionable and offensive, to Ministers It was also disrespectful to themselves as hon. members, because it was giving aBortof back-handed slap to Ministers He also thought that the allegations in the motion had not been proved. In his opinion it had been intended by Parliament that the recommendations of the board should have such weight with Ministers that, unless under exceptional circumstances, they should as a rule be carried out. 'the boards should have power to recommend with effect, unless the Minister, looking to his responsibility to Parliament, thought fit to put his veto on the recommendations, he hoped the motion would not be pressed to a division. Mr. AllliO'11' stated that the motion merely proposed that the Mining dep artment should refrain from discharging functions delegated to the boards, and there could he no harm in passing it The recommendations of the boards ought to be considered and acted upon where possible Mr, lilClil. wished to say that in no instances hail the Minister overruled the recommendations of prospecting boards, except in regard to boring The boards did not favour boring, while experts recommended it, and that was why the Munster took upon himself to spend portion of the vote in boring A great deal of good had been done by the money expended under the votes, and he hoped there would be more done in the future Mr. BU'lTEM!. differed from the views that had been expressed by Mr Wynne No doubt the prospecting vote had been wrongly applied in some instances, but the hon. member had been unjust, upon the whole, to the boards in the Rutherglen district, for instance, most remunerative results had been gained by boring, start in Ballarat similar advantage had resulted. Had it not been for the necessity of cutting down the amounts recommended by the board to the limits of the money available, the Munster might perhaps, never have commenced interfering with the recommendations of the boards. The discovery in the Duke mine showed what valuable results might he secured by assisting prospecting in the manner that had been followed in this instance Only 60 per cent of the wages of the men working under ground was paid by the Government in the case of companies receiving assistance In this way, and there was, furthermore, a provision that no such company could pay any dividends to its shareholders until the Government advances had been repaid. Useful service had been done by Mr. Gore in bringing this matter forward, but it would perhaps be better not to press the motion until the report of the Gold mining Commission was forthcoming. Mr GORE, in reply, said he failed to see how objection could be taken to the wording of his motion. The Minister had clearly gone outside the boards altogether, and the department had taken upon itself the duties Parliament intended to be discharged by the prospecting boards. With regard to what had been said as to what prospecting really meant it was a mistake to think that there could be no fair prospecting in claims where work has already been carried on in the case of the Duke compare., the Timor lead had been absolutely lost, and the effort was to find it. He could point to at least six cases in Ballarat alone, where the money expended had been successful in bringing about discoveries, and where the whole sum advanced had been repaid. Mr. SERVICE What percentage is that of the total number of cases ? Mr. G011E -No doubt in many cases nothing was found, but the results in the Bix instances cited would alone justify the expenditure of the whole vote. The position taken up by the boards with regard to the diamond drills was that it was useless boring in cases where no results could follow for many, years to come. The Council divided upon the motion, with the following result . Aj as 12 Noes 16 Majority against the motion 2 The following was the division list : AYbb Mr Abbott Mr. Ham, U, Mr Pearson \- Butters - Melville - Ptatt \- Fraser - More. - sargeant \- store - Car and - Oval ROSS Mr Balfour Mr Coppin Mr Service \- Boil - Cuthbert - Simnilo \- Brown -llavleB, J M -Thornley j \- Buchanan - Ham, 0 J - Wynne I \- Coobo -Sir P. T. Sargood TRAMWAYS TRUST BORROWING BILL A bill to facilitate the borrowing of a further sum of money by the Melbourne tram way a Trust was received by message from the Legislative Assembly Sir 1 LEDI RICK. SARGOOD moved that the bill he read a first time Agreed to THE APPROACH TO FLINDERS STREET STATION Mr COPPIN moved That in the opinion of this House It is necessary for the safety and convenience of the public that and open space should be formed eight r as a crescent or a st) lars from Flinders street to Prince s bridge, including the land up in which the 1 Ish Market and tile I arecls Office now stand, for the i purpose of increasing the accommodation at that very dangerous intersection of Swanston and Flinders streets and to provide a suitable approach to the I facts s bridge railway station Although it was undesirable to bring political influence to bear upon the Railway Commissioners, hon. members must give some attention to a matter in which the safety of the public was involved If the crossing at the intersection of Flinders and Swanston Streets was crowded and dangerous now what would it being 10 years time with the increase of traffic that might then be expected the improvement needed should be made now, when it could be done at a less sacrifice than would be the case in reafter It was already evident that the beauty of the Parliament houses had been to a great extent wasted by placing- the structure immediately upon Spring street and it the new railway- stations werebroujittoalinewith the street the same mistake as could be re- peated He hoped is his motion were carried that it would not only lead to the formation of a crescent at the place he was referring to but also to the formation of crescents in many other places It the crescent were made it would give a very good view of the cathedral to persons coming, into the city, and also of other buildings All that would be wanted if the motion were carried was for the land on which the fish market now stood and the corresponding corner of Flinders street on the south east By It to be set apart by the Railway Commissioners for the crescent, and the City Council would, no doubt, go to the expense of forcing, the crescent big BEN f AMA BLNJ VMIN seconded the motion He thought they were indebted to Mr Coppin for bringing before there the advantages of such a wise scheme Mr LU1I1L1 111 said that the motion was only proposed on the previous day and he had not had the opportunity of consulting either his colleagues or the Railway Com- missioners on the subject so far he knew, every inch of the ground III question was referred by the Railway Commissioners for the purposes of railway accommodation Would it not be better to give a little further time for the consideration of the motion Mr COPPIN -I will postpone it for a week if you like Mr CU11115] RL said he would be glad if the motion were postponed for a week In the meantime he would consult the Railway Commissioners and the Government, and when the motion came on again he would be in a position to give the views of the Government on the subject to the House The debate was then adjourned PLEURO PNEUMONIA I LYÏERMINA TION BILL 1 his debate on the second reading of the Pleuro Pneumonia Extermination Bill was resumed Mr BUCHANAN Bald everyone was now satisfied that inoculation for pleuro. pneumonia was a thorough preventive of that disease The bill provided for the in occupation of cattle, and would be of the greatest service to the colony it it were passed Mr PJ ARSO". quite approved, generally speaking, of the principle of the bill Before he commenced inoculating, he lose heavily in cattle but since he did commence" it his losses had been very small The loss s from inoculating did not amount to 4 per cent Mr CUTHBERT said the bill proposed to confer very large powers as the Governor in Council indeed too large powers, and it would be very necessary when the bill was in committee, to see dists too I a tree powers were not given The recommendation of the stock conference for the Australian colonies was time inoculation should be compulsory where disease had broken out in cattle, but that was very different from a proposal in this bill to prohibit the introduction into Victoria of any cattle that had not been inoculate I at least two months prior to introduction The bill also proposed to give power to the Governor in Council to prohibit the introduction of cattle of any kind into Victoria and that might make a very injurious impression on people in the other colonies, and be very injurious to the cause of federation The Government had the question dealt with by the bill under consideration, and he asked the hon. member who had charge of it (Mr G Davis) whether it would not be better to defer pressing the bill for the present It, however, the hon. member determined to go on with the bill he would do his best to make it suitable for the colony Mr COOKE asked whether the Government would be prepared to bring in a bill this session dealing with the subject of the disease in stock if Mr Davis withdrew this bill Mr. CUTHBERT replied that he could not say positively that the Government would have time to communicate with all the other colonies on the subject, and to bring in a bill this session Mr COUTTS had come to the conclusion that inoculation was a preventive of pleuro-pneumonia but thought there was too much of it in this bill. All that was necessary was to make inoculation compulsory lit Victoria, and not to interfere with other colonies Of course all store cattle entering the colony should be inoculated, but it would be absurd to apply such a play issued to fat cattle. Mr MELVILLE viewed the bill with great suspicion No more stringent measure had ever been introduced here He was not her tain that anyone knew positively yet what pleuro-pneumonia was, or whether inoculation was Really it remedy lies bill seemed, moreover, to give power for the destruction of cattle, even on the suspicion of the disease Such a measure did not properly come within the province of a private member, and if the Government really thought it necessary for the colony it would not be left in any private members hands Mr BALFOUR said the recent stock conference, comprising experts from all the colonies, thoroughly (discussed this matter, and the Government, had there been time, would have been prepared to bring in a measure embodying the principle of the report of the conference, although certainly not one containing all the stringent prove Stores of this bill As the Government wife, however, debarred by other important business from dealing with the question at present, it would certainly not be fair or Ministers to resist the second reading of a measure, the principle at which they approved With regard to the efficacy of inoculation, he was quite convinced upon that point, and there seemed no difference upon it among the members of the (conference Mr PHAU' thought the bill might be read a second time, and the alterations required could perhaps be made in committee Of the enormous loss that had been entailed by the disease there could be no doubt, and the magnitude of the question was shown by the fact that the increase of cattle in the colonies from 1888 to 1880 was over a million head Of these Queensland alone owned 1,700 000 The Government had taken steps to stamp out scab and foot and mouth disease, and there was no reason why this matter should not be dealt with also It would be a wise thing, he thought, to make the police inspectors of cattle under this bill The bill was read a second time, and committed. Progress was immediately reported, PORTLAND smitLIlALL BILL Mr BELL moved the second reading of the Portland nature hall Bill He said the bill was to enable the shire of Portland to sell certain lands at Walook, mind to apply the proceeds towards the cost of erecting a shire hall and municipal offices in the shire 'J the motion was agreed to, and the bill was passed through committee and reported ADJOURNMENT The House at two minutes to 10 o'clock adjourned until Tuesday LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY W_DVES.PA>, AUG 20 The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock UEEAULTTNG SELECTORS In reply to Mr CALVCIVT. Dr PEARSON said that where satisfactory reasons were given for being in arrears time was allowed to selectors holding leases to pay their overdue rents CLOSING PUBLIC-HOUSES In reply to Mr 1 Still, Mr WRIXON said that, as he had fully explained to two deputations that had waited upon him, grave objections had been raised to the closing of publichouses at Port Melbourne and South Williamstown, and, under these circumstances, it was unlikely that the Licensing Court would proceed to select the houses to be closed DESriltjOlTON OL LOG FENCE In reply to Mr. A. YOUNG, Dr PEARSON said that the Government was not prepared to take the responsibility of proposing that a loan should be granted to owners of log fences who had been obliged under the Vermin Destruction Act to destroy them PRESTON AND WHITTLESEA RAILWAY. Mr. WILKINSON moved for a return showing the average receipts per month received by the Victorian Railways Commissioners at or credited to and from the terminus of the Preston to Whittlesea railway ; the average receipts per month received and taken at the South Yan Yean station ; how many stationmasters and porters are em- ploy ed at Whittlesea terminus and South Yan Yean stations respectively ; how many gates have been destroyed north of South Yan Yean by the trains since the opening of the railway. Agreed to. INSPECTION OF BOILERS. In reply to Captain TAMOII, Mr. DEAKIN said it was proposed in the Amending Factories and Shops Bill to insert clauses dealing with the inspection of boilers. ENGINEDRIVERS' CERTIFICATES. In reply to Mr. WillIAMS, Mr. D. M. DAVIES said it was intended to make alterations in the regulations relating to the issue of engine-drivers'' certificates, THE INSOLVENCY UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND FUND. In reply to Captain TAYLOR, Mr. GILLIES said that the amount of the Insolvency Unclaimed Dividend Joint was £'4,2(!3 STATE SCHOOL TEACHERS. In reply to Mr. WIL LIAMS. Dr. PEARSON said that the position. of fourth-class teachers would not be affected by recent alterations in regard to the in Binge attendance. It a school went down below the average the teacher remained in the fourth CIUHS, and had the offer of transfer to another fourth-class school. UOEXSINU FUND. In reply to Mr. Goiu___, Mr. GILLIES said that the amount of the land under the Licensing Act, from which compensation was. paid, was now aMS 127. PE I'lTlOKS. Petitions were presented us follows a By Mr. FoiuiUM, from residents of the Colac district, 111 favour of a railway line from Larpent to Beeac, b) Mr. OiiooJI, from electors 111 West Gippsland, asking that the line from Moe to Moondarra should be postponed by Mr Cotton, from the committee of the Victorian Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, praying that the House would not agree to the opening of the Public Library on Sunda v. THE SUNDAY OPENING QUESTION. In reply to Mr. ISFNI', Mr. TRENWITH said he did not feel justified in postponing his motion in regard to the legislation of the eight hours system, which wanton the paper for that evening, until after his other motion in favour of the opening of the Public Library and Museum on Sunday) a had been considered. (Hear, hear ) PAPER The following paper was laid on the table Minor. articles used in manufacture cancellation of order. RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION BILL. The debate on the motion for the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill was resumed Mr. _0X said that since the Government had announced its intention of appointing a select committee to consider the cost of the lines in the Railway Construction Bill it was not necessary for him to address himself at any length to the subject No more important question had ever occupied the attention of the House, for it affects not only the immediate interests of the colony, but also its financial position in the old country. He regretted exceedingly that the Government had not seen its way to abide by the lines which it had proposed in its bit. I the result of the caucus that had been held, and for which members on both sides of the House were responsible, was of such a character that they might not only to a very great extent destroy the value of the lines that were to be constructed, but might also seriously affect our financial position in the mother country Members of the caucus came to this conclusion "It you vote for our lines, we will vote for yours and as you don't do this, we will vote solidly against the lines proposed by the Government " Was that a fair thing to do'' Mr MASON.-There was no such proposition Mr. Z9X -The public believed that such was the result of the caucus meeting, and if it was a mistake, the public should be told so. The Government should have brought down its bill in the ordinary way, and have allowed it to be fairly, honestly, and deliberately discussed in the House, and a proper decision arrived at. But the Premier Bind a hundred miles more or less would not make much difference in the bill, and the member for East Gippsland (Mr. Foster) WOH quite justified in saying that under these circumstances he might as well be in the scramble. , Mr. LAURENS Does. he alone share that feeling' Mr 70\\.-When railways were to be constructed a primary consideration but not the paramount consideration, was as to whether they would pay A secondary considerate n was as to whether they would ultimately put, and favourable expert evi fence on that point would get his sanction to the expenditure of the necessary money He regretted that the forms of the House precluded the proposed select com- mittes from inquiring into all the circumstances of railway construction but he doubted whether members of the House appointed to that committee, however honest and straight.) award they might be in their own mind could only. a fair and unbiased de- cision on the merits of the lines in which the were personally interested and then go back to their constituents the lines. constructed in Victoria were to a greater or lesser extent political lines and he could quite understand the difficulties of the Premier in bringing forward this mel sure Was the time not ripe when some imparts a board should be brought into existence for the purpose of obtaining information as to whether lines proposed should be constructed As it was, the lions was discussing, a question on which the majority of the members were in the dark A select committee should of course be thoroughly imp trial but there was" not a member in the House himself included who was not in terested in the construction of some line r other The 1 Fenner was quite right in his restriction of the powers of the select com- mutes The duties of the Government should not be handed over to a select com- mutes The question of cheap lines was the question for the c incurred, in 1 ii we could see reserve P for £2,000 or £2 000 a mile in stead of a > 000 or £0 000 in the name of good days let us have it Without going into dry statistical details he could HU> that there was a larger amount invested in the construction of railways throughout the Australian colonies in proportion to population than any other part of the civilised word 1 in Victoria on June 30 1886 we find 2-10 miles opens, at a cost of __D018b70 mad passion -fOl per cent in New South Wales in 1883 there were _ 171 miles which cost 22 S3)167 and P iv inc. 114 per cent in South Australia in 1861 there were 1 43 miles, which cost of) '102 9s and am I 4-12 per cent in Queensland in 1888 there were 11.1 miles which cost £1?1_J__S and put J 70 per cent, cut in New Zealand in 1888 there were 1 768 miles which cost £13 9 is J. S and paid 3 3s per cent. Mr SHIFLS-You have got hold of some antediluvian figures Mr ZOX According to the annual report the railway systems in Victoria were using as follows - Northern, 2 61, Western 189 Northeastern 0 03 Eastern 1 CG Hobson's Bay 10 38 He did not object to the way in which the resources of the colony were being developed, but do not let railways be made merely in political interests To show how the Victorian lines compared with other lines in other countries he would quote a few more is ones in the United Kingdom there were 19 812 miles, the paid up capital WItH total 696 lbs and the lines paid 4 s per cent he would not speak of the railway management of this colony for that could be done on other occasion, but he believed that when the question was gone into the gentlemen responsible for the management of the railway s if they did not exonerate themselves from the serious charges against them would make cut acuse- well worthy of the con- Federation of Paris intent and of the country He had no desire to address himself to that question now It was interesting to compare the results of railway speculation in ] England with what had been done in Victoria £48 000 000 of capital invested in railways in the United Kingdom paid a thing at all £2200 000paid 1 percent, £2 700 900 paid 12 per cent. £27 000 000 paid 3 per cent £172 000 000 paid 3 4 per cent, and £138 000 000 paid 10 per cent. The total capital invested wiB £80-4 000 000 or more than the national debt of 1 n. fund The number of miles of railways opened in the United States in 1888 was 156 082 or nearly 14 times the distance between Loud in and Melbourne That was something, marvellous to realise And the capital invested in those railways was £1873 000 000 He could safely say from statistics he had in his possession that these ntl was did not pay as much as our railways he did not believe that the people of this colony would ever allow our railways to pi) Hin mem- bers all knew very well that political in licence was not abrogated and members c of Parliament still had recourse to the commissioners to do the best they could for their constituent. the moment the railways realised a surplus the community, instead of allowing a sinking fund to be established to pay off the national debt insisted that concessions should be made in the shape of the reduction of fares and free, lits Mr. W. T. CARTER -Quite right, too Mr, JiOX was not speaking about the policy, but was merely stating a fact. During the last two years the railways did not pay, while concessions in freight and passenger fares had been made representing over £200,000 Mr LAURENS - That's " commercial principles " Mr. ZOX -The public did not wait till the railways paid to ask for concessions, and hon. members knew that as well as he did. The leader of the Opposition spoke the other evening about the difficulty there was in floating the last loan in London. He would like the people of England to know that the private wealth of the Australian colonies, including Tasmania and New Zealand, amounted to £1,130,000,000, or £300 henri for each man, woman, and child There was no nation in the world that could come within "cooee" of the colonies in this respect. It was an absolute necessity that the second reading of the bill should pass, and he was bound to vote for it. He sincerely hoped that when the bill was before the select committee evidence of such a character would be adduced as to enable hon. members to arrive at Borne wise conclusion Every member should do his best to develop the resources of the colony (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAVES was bound to say why he intended to vote for the second reading, considering that he sat on the Opposition side at the House. It was not his intention to go into the matter of the railway management at all, as this was not the proper occasion for that, but the speech delivered by the hon. member for North Melbourne on that subject could not be left unanswered, 'the hon. member for East Melbourne had referred to political influence, but he challenged the hon. member to produce a single instance where the House had attempted to influence the railway management The moral responsibility of the management of the railways rested on the commissioners, and it would not be only wrong but highly im- politic to interfere with the commissioners He intended supporting the motion for the second reading of the bill, Mr. HUNT 1' -There are very strong reasons why you should do so Laughter ) Mr GRAVES-Hie Premier, who was an astute politician, and who had no superior in any part of the world [Laughter and hear, hear-and the matter of Parliamentary practice (Cries of "Oh "a-head clearly stated to the electors at Kew at the last general election that the policy of the Government would be to extend the railways into those districts which could not progress without them, and in which population had settled in recent years THE Government had in its Railway Construction Bill carried out that policy, which was endorsed by the country at the last general election That was his reason for supporting the motion for the second reading of the bill Most of the proposed lines were into districts where they were absolutely necessary and where the population and fertility of the soil would justify their construction Complaints had been made as to the incompleteness and meagreness of the information contained in the report of the Railway Commissioners on the lines contained in the bill, but that defect could be remedied by the select committee which was to be appointed to take evidence regarding the lines. There were two lines proposed in his electorate, but, with the exception of 17 miles that were at present under construction, there was not a single railway in his district. A certain newspaper had recently criticised one of those lines, and it had been stated that the person who had criticised the hue and the district had not been over the route of the line. He would not go the length of saying that, but having known the district intimately for years, all that he could say was that the charge ter of the country along the route of the proposed line must have altered very considerably during the last two or three months. (Laughter) The hon. member for Melbourne had, in criticis- ing the proposals of the Government referred to the financial aspect of the matter, and had stated in the course of his remarks that £1'.'000,000 were annually sent out of the Australian colonies to England to pay the interest on loans '1 line enters st was paid by the produce of the colonies-by the wool raised in Australia-and prior to the railways being made in New South W ales he had known wool to be delayed on the Darling for two years for want of means of transport The Government statist (Mr Hayter) had stated that if the Victorian railways were sold the price realised for them would be sufficient to extinguish the whole of the public debt of the colony The financial position of the country was excellent, and the average wealth throughout ? he whole of Australian was £335 per head, while in England it was only £249 per head It had been said that the railways could be better administered by a private company than by the state, but in England private ownership of the telegraph lines had been tried and found a failure The railways in England, according to one of the latest authorities, were becoming more and more, in fact, if not in name, a department of the state In the interests of the community Parliament ought to have complete control over the railways The money for their con biruttion was borrowed on the public credit, and the public ought to get the benefit it any reduction in freights was possible As a personal explanation he desired to contradict it statement which was made in one of the papers that he had failed to bring forward the claims of the Toombullup or Wombat line in his district As a matter of fact he had an interview with the Premier and the caucus in which he urged the claims of the line, but reasons were afterwards sent for its non inclusion. The charge against him was unfounded, and untrue in substance and in fact He was satisfied that every one of the lines, when examined by the committee that was to be appointed would be found to meet the requirements for which the present Government went to the country on railway extension Mr MASON mud that the Railway Bill was a great disappointment to the country, both with regard to the proposed mileage and the estimated cost The Minister of Railways had consented to have so insure trial surveys made that the country) expected to get a umen larger mileage, while it was impossible to say upon what principle the estimates for the construction of the proposed lines were based 'The deviation powers allowed were in some cases so wide that an accurate estimate was not possible A large portion of the mileage of the colony averaged only £2,70 per mile while. the average cost of many of the new lines was estimated at 6 6s. per mile Lines could be built asche iply now as they were before It the CB to mate for the proposed lines was us excessive IIB it looked, the country ought to get the benefit of the additional extension, which could be carried out if the lungs were more cheaply constructed Mr GILLIES -It will be for the committee to consider the question of cost Mr MASON the House would expect the committee to take evidence outside of the Railway department Mr GILLIES Certainly Mr MASON-With the large amount of deviation allowed, it was almost impossible for the engineers to make a proper estimate on the trial survey the Great Southern line, which was 120 miles in length, was looked upon us one of the most expensive lines in the colony, and yet the average ton tract price of that per mile, exclusive of permanent way material and rolling, stock, was only £0 044 Some parts of it were built for less than £3,500 If the Railway department was estimating the cost of that line now, it would put it down at £10,000 or £15,000 a mile The amount of rolling stock to be supplied was purely a matter of business with the commissioners Mr BAILES. They have to run three trains a day, where one would be enough Mr MASON-It was unfair to districts which did not yet have railway communication to reduce the rate on the existing lines to such an extent It the commissioners could not think. ends meet, let them raise the freights Mr SHIELS -Are not hon. members themselves largely responsible for those are ductions'' (Hear, hear.) Mr. MASON -No doubt, but the commis- Elouera had full power to refuse the requests They should not have yielded so much to hon. members (Laughter ) Mr. SHIELS But they yielded reluctantly, and, as I understand, because the Premier promised that the reductions should be taken into account Mr MASON -There was one case in which it would have been a good thing if the commissioners had yielded, and that was in regard to the conveyance of coal (Loud laughter ) Mr. SHIELS -Now we hear the member for a coal district speaking (Laughter ) Mr. MASON-The development of our coal resources was a national concern It was to be regretted that the Government had not seen its way to include in the present bill some lines to the coal fields A mistake had also been made in not proposing a line. connecting the Great Southern railway with Sale A greater mileage of railways might have been provided for South Gippsland Since the Land Act 1884 came into force about 300,000 acres of land had been taken up in Gippsland P) about 1,000 settlers In certain places in Gippsland there would be no expense, comparatively speaking, in procuring land for railways, for the Government has power under their licensing system to take land for railways and other purposes They were prepared to put up with a reasonably safe and certain method of travelling but at present the roads were so bad that it was almost impossible for selectors and settlers to get their produce to market He regarded the cockspurs as feeders to the main lines, and he would point out that to be a few miles from a railway in Lnpnslaiul was as bad as being 10 or 15 miles away from a railway in another part of the colony, He did not see why local bodies should not be treated in regard to trunivvuyB us water trusts were treated at present. There was immense timber on the land in Gippsland, and it was as much the duty of the department to remove the scrub and timber to enable them to grow crops, as it was to lend money for water supply to other people to do . he same thing At all events, the department might lend money to local bodies to enable them to make tramways at a reasonable cost His constituents were very much disappointed at not seeing lines in the bill from Yinnar to Yarram, Boolarra to Stoney Creek, find Welshpool to Welshpool Jetty. He hoped the Government would see their way to insert in the bill the line from Sale to the Great Southern railway. The Government said that this latter would cost Borne £7,000 ii mile, but a similar line from Port Albert to Toora was now being made at a cost of £3,250 a mile. 'Php Traralgon to Carrajung line which was proposed in the bill just stopped where the good land commenced, He would support the bill as far as he was able, but he had again to express the disappoint- ment of his district at not receiving the extensions be had indicated. Mr. BURROWES said that anyone listen- ing to the debate would imagine there never was a country where there were so many splendid districts which required railways as a stone At the same time every member had found fault with the bill It either did notgofarenough ontwenttoofar Hehiraselt believed it was the worst railway bill ever introduced to the House. It was deficient in some lines, and there were other lines which ran parallel with and competed with existing lines There were parallel lines which would never pay working expenses, or even half their working expenses, alter£0,000or £7,000 had been spent upon them that fact ought to be fairly well considered by the House, having regard to our present financial post lion We had to go to market for very large sums of money in order to carry out the railways and the credit of the country must to some extent be injured if it went forth that we were making railways that would not pay working expenses 'He estimates broughton warned by the House were certainly very high But how were those estimates arrived at. The officers of the department had framed their estimates on the coat of lines already constructed. Assuming that the engineer in chief brought forward estimates to construct lines at £2000 or £3,000 a mile, and that such lines were constructed, what would be the result' Deputations from the country would come down and wait on the commissioners, requiring level crossings to be constructed, gatehouses erected, and approaches made, which would eventually bring the cost of the lines up to a much larger sum than £3,000 a mile This fault ought not to lie on the officers who prepared the estimates It had been said that the commissioners had reduced the rates; but some years ago deputations waited on the then Premier, Mr Service, and obtained a promise that when the revenue reached a certain sum reductions in the freights and fares should be made These re- ductions were brought about by the pressure placed on the commissioners, who made them in a weak moment, assuming that the traffic would be considerably increased thereby. The loss on our railways was caused by the lines constructed under the last bill, for the lines made previously were paying If the present bill were passed, the railways of the colony would hardly be able to pay working expenses He did not agree with the hon. member for Daylesford, that it would be a mistake to grant loans to the local bodies for the construction of light hues of railway. A grant of £3,000 a mile would be quite sufficient to induce the local bodies tocotiBtriut light lines where they were required. lies promised some hon members that he would say a few words about a li! he line of railway with which he was connected, viz, the line from Echuca, to Deniliquin He had been a director in the come in, and one of the largest shareholders, from the time that they took over the bill to make the line The line was not a criterion for all the lines in the bill before the House, because it was constructed on a dead level all the way and was easily made They had, however, to go to the expense of building a bridge across the river at a cost of £3,000 and had to enter into in agreement with the Government of New South Wales to remove the bridge when the Government bridge was completed. The trains were run over the company's bridge for three years, which had then to be removed at considerable expense, the line was built and are vided with rolling-stock at a cost of £3,000 a mile They had more rolling stock a mile than either the Governments of New South Wales or Victoria had, and the stock was equal to it not better than that running in Victoria During the last 12 years they had paid 21 dividends at the rate of eight and sometimes 10 per cent, amounting to £130,875, and had made material improvements in the line They travelled 20 miles an hour including stoppages Mr SHIELS -What is the proportion of working expenses to the whole '' Mr BURROW! S-About 42 to 48 percent He had made these remarks to show that the Government would be justified in making loans to local bodies for the construction of similar lines to this 'HIP line from Echuca to Deniliquin was worked a good deal cheaper than the Government could do it, The company were not waited on by members of Parliament asking for the erection of stations here and there 'I here were BpvernI parts of the colony where lines might be made as cheaply as this had been There was no doubt that the railways of this colony were worked too expensively but that was the fault of hon. members, who are quently brought pressure to bear on the Minister of Railways or the commissioners for concessions of all sorts and for the expenditure of money So long as the present system continued the Government that happened to be in power would always bring in a Railway Construction Bill that would suit its supporters It was therefore desirable that the system should be changed, and Borne system similar to that in vogue in New South Wales introduced so that the lines might be selected without nay political considerations (River, near ) Mr. BROCK said that he was pleased that the Government in its amended proposals had extended the line from 1 fifteen Mill- creek to Hansen South, as that have passed through fertile country and would soon prove up s)ing one Light cheap lines similar to the Dookie and Katamatite tramway would suit his district if a small additional sum was expended on draining the line Mr WILLIAMS moved the adjournment of the debate, as the time for private members business had arrived. The motion was agreed to SUBURBAN TRAMWAYS COMPANIES BILL Mr LANGRIDGE moved - ' that the report of the select Committee an the bill to authorise the Suburban Tramways Company) Limited to construct tramways in the cities of Mel bourne, Ulcliiiiond Prahran Collingwood 1 and Borough of be hilda and for other purposes be now taken into consideration He said that the Select Committee and taken evidence on the hill , though the Melbourne '1 Tramway and Omnibus Company and the municipalities interested and urged some objections to the measure before the committee, these, find non all been withdrawn in consequence of an amicable arrangement having been come to among them by each party giving was a little Mr BEAZLEY- seconded the motion Mr G D CARTER asked the hon member for Collingwood to postpone his motion hon. members had not yet had time to read the report of the select committee and to make themselves acquainted with the whole question The SPEAKER -I would suggest to the hon. member that his object would be gained if this motion were carried first. The motion that the amendments of the select com- mittee be agreed to could then be con entered Mr WILLIAMS said that before the House sanctioned the bill in any one of its stages it should be known what the Railway Bill was going to be with regard to the localities described in this Irurmvny Bill It was possible that a railway would be propose I to cover the very same route as that laid down to be served by the new tramway Mr J LANGRIDGE said he was quite ready to postpone the motion if it was desired Mr MUNRO could not understand the opposition that was raised to the I ill It simply meant that people who lived on the north side of the Yarra would be able to go by tram across the river in a straight line to St Kilda No railway was going or could go along that route for the sufficient reason that nobody wanted it there Mr ARMY I AGE- That is no reason at all (Laueluer ) Mr MUNRO said that if people were prepared to venture their money in a matter of this sort, surely it was the duty of the House to facilitate the giving own convenience to the community, provided that it did not enter fere many way with public rights The same objections were raised to the passing of the last Tramway Act and yet that net added millions to the value of property If the proposed bill were carried it would be a great public convenience, and the necessary work would give employment to a large number of people Mr WILLIAMS said that if it would pay a private company to do the work, why did not the Government take it up Mr MUNRO said that the Government had their hands quite full already with the Railway Bill The SPEAKER said that a select committee was appointed, and it would be dis- courteous to that committee not to consider its report The proper form, as a matter of course, was to agree to the motion of the hon. member for Collingwood, and then to consider the motion that the amendments made by the committee be approved of. The motion was agreed to Mr LANGRIDGE moved that the amendments made by the select committee be taken into consideration He did not desire, however, to go on with the motion at the present stage. Mr, CLARK seconded the motion. Mr. GRAVES said that he was one of the members alluded to as having opposed the last Tramway Bill He did so because the system of sectional fares was not adopted, but the system was proposed to be adopted in the new bill The further consideration of the useful ments was postponed. CHURCH BILLS The Presbyterian Trusts Bill was read a third time, and ordered to be sent to the Legislative Council The Kew Church of England Lands Bill was read a third time, and ordered to be sent to the Legislative Council. DISCOVERY OF GOLD AT' BENDIGO. Mr BAILES moved "That a select committee be appointed to inquire into and report upon the claims of Henry I Frencham, of Richmond as discovery r of the Bendigo gold field, such committee to consist of Air Bennett, Mr Our races Mr T Cameron, Mr Foster, Mr (Gordon, Mr A "young, and the mover, with power to solid for persons, papers and records, and to report the minutes of evidence from time to time, three to be the quorum " There was reason to believe that the information supplied to him about Mr, Tri Pelham's chum was very reliable indeed in November, 1851, Mr Preaching and his two mules left Castlemaine and went to Bendigo At Gibson's station, now Ravensvvojd, they did some prospecting, and discovered gold in payable quantities. One of Mr Frencham s mates returned to Forest Creek and told the news, with the result that a great rush took place. On the bill December, 1851, Captain Hall arrived with a body of troopers, and camped on the banks of Bendigo Creek. The discovery of gold at Bendigo was reported in J Pte A mus of 13th December, 1851, and on the till December trenching brought a large quantity of gold from the new held to Forest Creek Mr Wm Welch, one of the oldest living residents of Sandhurst, had written a letter in which he declared his conviction that Mr. Frencham was the discoverer of gold on Bendigo, and Mr Welch was a gentleman upon whom every reliance could be placed It was fair for him (Mr. Butler) to say that he had also received a letter from a Mr Farrell, who claimed the distinction of being the first discoverer of gold at Bendigo Mr BENNETT seconded the motion. Sir D M D YVIES said that the whole argument of the mover of the present motion might be answered or once by pointing out that so far back OF 1804 a board was appointed to consider all claims in regard to the discovery of gold in different parts of the colony, and that board had made certain awards Surely from 1851 to 1861 was a sufficient time to enable anyone who claimed to be a discoverer of gold to make his claims known Unfortunately, the gentleman who was mentioned in the present motion was not the only claimant, and it the door was once opened there might he innumerable claims of a similar kind The names of two or three people had been submitted to the department whose chum, in reg i rd to Bendigo KPeuied to be' quite a strong as those of Mr 1 Frencham One was Mr Farrell, and another n Mrs Kennedy Mr French un's timm had been put before several previous Ministers of Mines, and on three of those Ministers represented Sandhurst it was to be inferred that Mr rendíanla claim received every uu.ideralioii The proposed inquiry could have no good result, as it cou Vi elicit no feels that were not already known to the dt-unrtiii-iit Mr M'lN I Mil. regretted that the Minister of Mines had seen fit to be Le up such a position It would be most mu resting to be able to decide who had discovered the greatest alluvial gold! field, probably) in the world He (Mr M Intyre) was on Demuth himself in the middle of less Bendigo creek was origins 118 known as Bandicoot (Creek, and the belief was that a shepherd and his wife who tended sheep alone, the creek set themselves to fossicking for gold in the crevices of the racks, and li me they were fully the discoverers of the held This old couple had now disappeared Mr. McLELLAN said he was in possession of information respecting the discovery of gold in Bendigo. He was in a position to supply the name of several witnesses who were present at the first rush along with himself (Hear, hear) In November, last, he, with four other young men, examined at Tinker's Creek, not far from Castlemaine, when they received information that there was a rush further on towards Bendigo Creek Mr. BAILES.-That report was supplied by Frencham. Mr. M'LELLAN.-Frencham's name was never mentioned. The man who made the discovery was a shepherd. Mr. M'INTYRE Hear, hear. Mr. M'LELLAN.-In the end that was all the information that could be supplied. The man who dug first at Golden Gully, on the side of Bendigo, was a Captain Harrison, with one arm and three sons (Laughter.) This Captain H Harrison was now in Melbourne, and could give a committee fuller information. He was sorry to have to make this statement, because he had known Mr. Frencham for a very long time, having first met him at Anderson's Creek in 1854 Up to that time Mr. Frencham had not devoted much of his time to mining , or if he had, it must have been in some corner away from the general run of miners From November until after Christmas, 1851, he (Mr. M'Lellan) was on the Bendigo gold-field, and took out a considerable portion of gold and there was not a word of truth in Mr. Welch's letter about Mr. Frencham being the first to take gold into Castlemaine He i,Mr M'Lellun) took 251. of gold towards Castlemaine, and, arriving at night, he lay with the gold on a hilltop rather than go down amongst the tents with it. He was a miner at Forest Creek when the usual rush to Bendigo look place, and he had sat on several committees of this House to inquire into similar claims and it was very singular that Mr. Frencham had not pushed his claims before now. He did not wish to injure Mr. Frencham, but simply spake in the interests of truth and of the colony, Mr. WOODS said it would be impossible for the committee to confine its investigations to one claim. He and other mining representatives had been (loaded with claims of this sort, and it the committee was appointed with such extended powers he would guarantee its work for four years (Laughter 1 Mr GRAVES thought it strange that Mr. M'Lellan had not recorded, in the Mines department, all the valuable information he possessed. The Mining department, a short time ago, published a paragraph to the effect that it was extraordinary that the discovery of Bendigo, one of the richest gold-fields, had never been claimed and that brought all those claimants to the front The motion did not pledge the Government to the expenditure of one farthing, and the committee might bring to light an) important historical fact He had never heard of Mr. Frencham's claims until now He (Mr. Graves) knew that the particular station on which gold was discovered was leased by Mr. Fenton, and the name of the shepherd who got the gold, and how the discovery of gold was concealed in order not to interfere with the shearing. It would be interesting to know whether those statements had any foundation Mr. M'LEAN said Mr. Fenton had repeatedly shown him entries in the old station books showing the dates on which he had bought gold from the shepherd. Mr. GRAVES -The 28th February, 1851 Mr. M'LEAN And the discovery was suppressed because Mr. Fenton was afraid the men would leave the woolshed and go after gold. It the committee was appointed the claims of Mr. Fenton or any other person "could be inquired into. Mr PATTERSON pointed out that the Government was not offering any sum of money to the person who could be proved the discoverer of those gold-fields. Money awards had already been distributed, and he wondered whether the persons who got them would refund them. He, himself, thought the money ought to be given to the hon. member for Ararat. (Laughter.) Committees were not appointed to discover historical facts which might be disputed by hundreds of people. This was not like the case of Mr. Hargreaves, for it had not been shown that Mr, Frencham find any claim. Mr LAURENS objected to all claims of this nature. How was it that in the long period that had elapsed Mr. Frencham's claim had not been made to previous Parliaments : 1 line was BUspiciouB, and provoked a thought that it the claim were justifiable it would have been made lung are now. Mr. ARMYTAGE, as a native Australian, had really more interest in this matter than those gentlemen who did not see the value of the inquiry because there was no money hang- ing to it. It was at Borne interest to Australians to know who were the authors of their prosperity. Mr. M'Lellan had given them some most interesting information about the old [days. M'Lellan and others were passing away from amongst them. Mr. M'LELLAN.-No fear (Laughter.) Mr. ARMYTAGE really thought it was the squatters who were the founders of our prosperity, seeing it was an employé of a squatter who discovered the gold. Mr. DIXON agreed that it would be most interesting to know who were the real business of the gold fields. He was one of tour now living who went to Ballarat the first thing after the discovery of gold. They arrived in Ballarat on August 11, 1851, and at that time there were only about 20 people there. It was even then a question of doubt who discovered gold at Golden Point and Black Hill, and it would be much more difficult to did the discoverer of Bendigo. The squatters were not so much entitled to credit as Mr. Army tage suggested. He (Mr. Dixon) knew how the squatter who owned the station on which Ballarat is situated refused to supply the diggers with mutton and tried to starve them out. Mr. ARMYTAGE.-You would not have discovered the gold had the squatter not been there. Mr. DIXON.-If there had been no colony none of them would have been there. (Laughter ) For his part he would like to have the committee appointed. Mr. WHEELER had been looking over the report of the commission which sat in 1864 to inquire into the claims of gold discoverers He did not rise to oppose the motion, because he had no objection to evidence being taken. An advertisement was published in 1803 calling or. persons who deemed themselves entitled to rewards for discoveries of gold to send in their claims. The report gave the names of those who received rewards for discoveries of gold, and amongst others was the name of Mr. Hargreaves, who was awarded £2,000, though the sum put down in the report was £281. When the hon. Angus Mackay was a member of the House he brought forward Hargreaves's claim, and stated that the sum awarded had not been paid. Mr M'INTYRE Only one-half of it was paid. Mr. WHEELER believed that very little of the award went into Hargreaves's pocket. Mr. M'LELLAN.-We owe him £2,500 now honestly. Mr. WHEELER only desired to show that the commission referred to had dealt with all discoverers, and that when an advertisement had appeared calling on all who had claims to send them in, all who deemed themselves entitled to reward should have complied Mr. G D. CAR*.Ell thought it had been truly said that gratitude was a lively sense of favours to come, and that this country would be like 15 to show his gratitude to future dis- coverers rather than To past ones The law had decided that there was a statute of limitations, and a man who slept on his claims for so many years should not now be able to enforce them. It hon. members were mallow these claims they would come up like the ghosts in Macbeth, and the House would never get rid of them One of the boats that haunted that House for years was Mr. Hargreaves, and he got his reward The reward he would like-and he would not come to Parliament with miami would be to discover a new gold-field in Victoria No man could seek a better reward than that. 'they would have someone putting in a claim for discovering the lost chord, the north west passage, the missing link the South Pole or who was to be the Postmaster General (Loud laughter) The hon member for Grant was good enough to say something about Australian natives He would suggest that the hon. member should move for a committee to discover who was the discoverer of the first Australian native (Laughter) It was time the House set its face against the claims of discoverers of past gold fields The House divided on the motion with the following result - Ayes 45 Noes . . W Majority for the motion 15 The following was the division list - As he is Armytage Mr Garden \- Italian - uranium . Ora \- Des ley I earnest I I and I I mci. \- Pur overs \- Ilutttrll \- Cameron \- Carter W \- Craven \- I'ncon \- tout r \- O Miller Mr An (season \- Andrews \- best i Huh \- Hume, \- Hunt \- UM s \- Kirton \- levien \- M Coll \- M Tilly r. \- M their \- Munro streets Mnols Smith of \- Smith 1 U MISS M I enclose I arrest \- Fallick \- Carter. G D - Groom \- Clark - Burra, I. \- Davies DM- flights \- Deakin is Langridge \- Perham - Laurens \- lunch ?- Madden \- Dunn - M coan THE EIGHT HOURS SYSTEM. Mr. IREN WITH moved That in view of the widespread and rapidly, growing feeling in favour of the eight hours' by stem of I hear, it is too duty of the Government to introduce at an early date not later than the bo running of next session, a bill to legalise the system in connection with all departments of industry A - ' \- Tatchell \- Taverner Ciut Taylor Mr Trenwith \- TUP! I r \- farmer \- line \- With \- VV oods \- Noting A. Mr M'LHlati \- Mountain \- Murray \- Officer \- Patterson \- Richardson \- Shackel \- Smith T S Staughton \- Wrixon He said that he did not propose to address himself at any length to this subject, as it was one which had often occupied the attention of hon. members, many of whom had on the hustings made pledges with reference to it so that the matter was not likely to be affected by discussion It could not be denied that there was a widespread and rapidly growing feeling in favour of the eight hours system, and wherever the subject was spoken of in public it was referred to approv- ingly In this climate eight hours' labour was as much as a man ought to be called upon to perform in a day That system, however, was notoulja physical necessity, but an economic necessity. (Hear, hear. All over the world there were men healthy and willing to work, but who were unable to obtain employment, Mr ANDERSON-Because they won't go to the country (Hear, hear ) " Mr MUNRO-Thais where you will be going next week ( 'Hear, hear," and laugh ter ) Mr TRENWITTT-The improvement, which were being made from day to-day in the methods of production reduced the necessity for manual labour, while at the same time the population was rapidly increasing he was therefore necessary that the hours of labour should be reduced, in order that the work available might be divided among a larger number of persons It had been argued that the eight hours system was a correct one, but it ought to be achieved by moral suasion and not by compulsory legisla- tion Although the system was almost uni- versal!) acknowledged to be a correct principle only a miserable minority of the working portion of the community enjoyed the advantages of the 8. Hiern, and men were constantly put to the nee. said of fighting with their em players to obtain It-to get wind. was acknowledged to be fair and! proper. It there were to be peace and quietude in connection with the attainment. of that system the best way to secure that end washy legislation It was the duty of the Legislature to carry out the expressed wish of the public, and he therefore proposed that the Government should be enjoined to introduce a bill to deal with this question. The reason why he urged that the Government and not a private member should bring in a bill was that the Legislative Council would hesitate to to erect a measure stamped with the authority of the Oovcruinenr but would however the competition in throw- ing out a bill brought in by a private member He hoped that the matter would be voted upon that night, so us to give the Government ample time to prepare a bill it the motion were carried, and to give those who desired to see the eight hours system legalised an opportunity of adopting a more effective mode of securing their end if the motion were negatived. Mr DENNETT seconded the motion The Government ought to step in and assist the manufacturers, many of whom were working their employees 10 hours a day in competition with others who worked their employes only eight hours. Mr PATTERSON said that Victoria had set an example to the world, and had already got the eight hours system. It was absurd to ask the House to direct the Government to do any thing next session because nobody knew who would be in the Government next session (Laughter ). It it was guarantees that there would be no further trouble and that the Government would be allowed to bring in the bill next session, then the Government would take the matter into their serious consideration. Let the hon. member trump his bill first and then they could consider it. There were many people who would not work eight hours a day, or even four hours, and peri ups the hon. member who brought; forward the motion represented as many people who did not work at all as who worked eight hours a day. Mr TRENWITH rose to a point of order. It was not in order to say that he represented, a large number of people who did not work at all The SPEAKER There is no point of order involved in that (Laughter ) Mr. PATTERSON said that Parliament should BPC that women and children of tender years were protected by law, but the working.' men had proved equal to protecting; themselves without any legislation That was due to the trades unions, but trades unionism would receive a blow if the eight hours system were enforced legally, because non-union men would receive the advantages of the system as well as members of unions. The hon. member had not given any instances of persons who had to work more than eight hours a day Mr. TRENWITH Watchhouse keepers work 21 hours Mr PAT ERSON did not know before that watch-house keepers could be considered is engaged in a department of industry. (Laughter ) The motion was simply a declaratory one, and of no practical use Mr MUNRO said that there was a woollen mill in Castlemaine where the employes worked 10 hours a day An expression of opinion by the House on the matter was of far vaster importance than was recognised by the Minister of Customs The very fact that Victoria enjoyed the benefits of the system without its being legalised was used as an argument against the introduction of the system in England. It the House divided on the motion the country would be able to see what the views of hon. members on the subject were Mr PAlll leSON -That is only electioneering Mr MUNRO there was no more can summated electioneer than the hon member himself for 30 j ears the working men of this colony had been endeavouring to extend the eight-hours principle, and the time had arrived when it should be made to apply all round Mr CLARK, pointed out that the House had already done something to advance the eight hours principle in connection with the Melbourne Tram way s Act and the Harbour Trust Act The present motion seemed to be of a catch penny character The House ought to go a step further, and say that no man should do work between meals (Laughter ) Mr BENT said that at the last election he had pledged himself to vote for the eight hours principle, and he was obliged to vote for it now The main n might UP amended by inserting the wor t forthwith so that a bill might be brought in at once It would be a good idea to appoint of drainage to make inquiry, with the view of introducing a discriminating bill for he did not consider that the eight hours principle should be extended to every 1 Hld of employment Mr PAT TERSON -Then you cannot vote for this motion Mr BENT-\es he could because the bill could be made to discriminate between different classes of employments Mr DEAKIN thought the House had reason to complain that a question of such complexity had been introduced to it in so bare a manner The mover of the resolution dealt very slightly even with the general principled involved and his comments were bare of facts and burden of illustration On the ground of sentiment the hon. member would have the House and the corn Funny entirely with him (Hear hear li they really wanted to have something more than an expression of sentiment the question would have to be approached in a very different spirit with greater de liberation and elaboration The chief argument of the hon member for Richmond was that the Allied nations the hours would make more labour for more people there was weight HE that argument but an argument of far greater weight was that the limit men would make more leisure for those who hitherto had had too little to enable them to discharge all the political and social duties of life just as well as the wealthiest and highest in the land The hon. member who had moved the motion might have given a list of occupations in which the eight hours system was at present disregarded, or those occupations in which seven or even nine hours were desirable, for it was pos- sible there might be such occupations as the latter Dr MALONEY -This motion is only the basis Mr DEAKIN. Exactly ; but the hon member, with his technical knowledge could have supplied just that kind of information to guide legislation The word " labour comprised a great variety of employments, making different demands on human nature, and the mere imposed >n of eight hours would not secure equality in the conditions of labour Colonel SMITH. II -We are not going to Bpht words We are going in for eight hours Mr DEAKIN was going for eight hours, and a great deal more. But did the hon. member for Richmond include within his sweeping resolution the employment of labour in country districts farm labourers at harvest time ' Dr MALONEY-Yes Mr DEAKIN Did the hon member apply the resolution to private houses The House had a right to expect to be supplied with something like a basis for legislation, and to be educated to one stage of the matter by the knowledge of the hon. member for Richmond the eight hours system was applied to all the woollen mills and factories, where up to the present year it had not been applied and that was encouraging evidence of the steady march of the principle, but there was a number of businesses in which the system was not strictly applied The questions that would arise would be that of the limitation of hours in different conditions of employment, the measure of responsibility which the state took in limit- ing the hours of labour, the consideration which would have to be afforded to those who had embarked their capital in the in dustries and whether the Government was prepared, not merely to limit the hours of labour, but to take other steps that would inevitably be necessary. The House would have to recognise the system sooner or later, and the practical details would have to be most carefully studied, so as to avoid any necessity for retrace his their steps The question could not he settled by sentiment To put the system on the statute book would be a recognition by the state of that with which the name of Victoria was identified all the world over. Our whole industrial system was being built on the lines of eight hours, and we should not disguise a fact of which all classes were proud, and in putting it on the statute book they should give it its fullest force and effect. In doing that they would be entering on a path that was being trodden by every^civiused nation to day Nothing was more remarkable to the student of European history, as it was being made day by day, than the importance that these industrial questions were assuming all the world over Even in the empire of German with us enormous military organisation to be maintained, were found more than in any other country propositions not only proposed, but actually on the statute book at present, providing, not for the limitation of hours of labour, but for the future of the labourer as was never yet proposed in any other country There were also before the Legislature of the republic of France proposals for enlarging councils of conciliation in such a manner as was beingsoughtto be done here If they looked to the mother country they found the same irresistible march of events, and receiving the most sympathetic treatment at the hands of both Tories and W lugs, Conservatives and Liberals And, forth. d by these examples, he took it that this House should have no fear of entering on the present legislation, and legislating in a practical manner on the eight hours principle (Hear, hear 1 Captain TAYLOR had always desired to see on the statute book of this colony provision for eight hours' work eight hours' rest, and eight hours' recreation There was a clause, however, in the Shops and Factories Act Amendment Bill providing for the adop- tion of the eight hours system, and that was the particular clause that the shops employes objected to It seemed idle for hon. members to ask any Government to initiate legislation in this direction unless some explanation were given as to why the shops cm/Aoi/es objected to this clause Mr MADDEN moved the adjournment of the debate It would be an utter mistake to come to a decision on this question that night, as the tanners' aspect of the question had not been pur- He intended to put it, and there were other hon members who desired to speak on the subject tram the farmers' point of view, and therefore he asked that the debate should be adjourned, Mr FERGUSON seconded the motion Agreed to ADJOURNMENT. On the motion that the House do now ad- journ, Mr MUNRO asked the Premier what business the Government intended to go on with to-morrow evening Mr GILLIES replied that the debate on the second reading of the Railway Bill would be concluded, and if it terminated at an early hour the estimates of the Chief Secretary's department would be gone on with The motion was agreed to, and the House ? adjourned at 10 minutes past 11 till to morrow. 