THE GREAT HILL-STREET MYSTERY. Br ADELINE SERGEANT. ; Adthor op "Jacobi's Wife," "Roy's Repent ance,'.' "Deveuil's Diamond," "Undeu ' " I-'alse Pretences," Arc. ... 1 , ; All Rights Reserved.) PART I. Chapter XXXVII.— The. Trial. ; iFranois -Holmont was a kind ; and merciful man. .It did not appear to him, when he had . heard Jess's story," that sho ought rightly to . - C3toem herself a . murderess, and he somewhat . doubted tlio necessity .for. a. public confossion : of liar action. But ho would not dissuade her from the conrso that- sho had marked out for herself ; it. did not lio within his province to do : so. All. that was possible to liim was to smooth her way, to make things as little painful to her as possible. No doubt of her story ever crossed his mind. Ho'wijnt with her to tlie nearest magistrate, before whom Bhe made her statement. And then ho said goodbye to her, kindly and pityingly, promising to do all in his power for her welfare. Before night Jess was lodged in the prison coll, anil the news boys were crying sensational ac counts of her story. " The Mill-street Mystery cleared up ! Re- . inorse of the murderess ! Full confession !" Among tlio persons who heard tlie news hoys' cry and stopped to buy tho latest edition of an evening paper, Dr. Prioo was numbered. \- " What doe3 this mean?" he said. And when he had perused the account, his brow grew black as night. "What on earth does, it moan?" he repeated. "I'll go down to Alice Drew to-mor- . row morning and inquire. My patients may . hang themselves for aught I caro. " He was as good as his word. Before 9 o'clock next morning ho mot Alice Drew, with Mecnie : in her arms iu tho little garden before the cot tage door. ' "So it is true?" he began by brusquely ex claiming, as he looked at lier palo face and swollen eyes. " I see that I needn't ask. What . do you mean hy it, that's all ?" "Mean by what, doctor?" said Alice, ner- vonsly. ; ; "By lotting that poor child give herself up ; for what she never did ?" " I don't ' understand you, sir," returned Alice, her lips quivering. " She has told the truth, I beliove ; that is all." ; "Do you really think that sho was tolling tho truth when sho said that sho pushed Stephen away from tlio window ? Well, I'don't believe it. I don't believe she had either tlio physical strength or the norvo for it. And if you do, I tell you plainly that you're a fool." ' " Why, dootor," said Alice, much taken aback by this cbango of front, " it was you that first put the idea into my head." " Thon I was a fool, '"said the doctor. \- "And why should she confess it if she hadn't doiieit?" " To screen somobody olso, of courso ; a baby could toll you that,'' replied Dr. Price, irrit ably. " You'd do it yourself for a man you 1UYCU "What! Toll a lie? Accuse myself of mur der? No." " Then you'ro no true woman," roared the dootor, "and I despise you as heartily as I estcom Jess Armstrong — which is saying a good deal. Good morning, Miss Drew." He strode away to tlie gate, and opened it ; but instead of passing out, banged it close ogaiu and retraced his stops. Alice stood motionless, just where I10 had left lier, but tlie tears were flowing slowly over lier pale check?. "I'm a brute," lie said suddenly. "I did not moan to hurt your feelings. I'm only expressing what I feol towards myself. I'm a dolt and 1111 idiot, and it is my fault that sho's flung herself into tlio lion's den in this way — all because of a fow idlo words of mine that frightened lier for that precious lover of 1 licra ?" Alice shook her head. "I wish I could think hor innocent; but after what- alio said to mo, I can't. My poor Jess, hor repentance is very hitter." " You think so, do you?" said thedootor, eye ing lior curiously. " Womon ought to under- , stand women— and yet. — Well, I suppose I shall havo to givo ovidouco at tlie trial ; aud I Bball say what I can for Jess." It was easy for tho doctor to say so, but it was difficult for liim to carry out all liis intentions. He was not a rich man, and could afford neither tiino nor money for Jess's defence. He called 011 Francis Heimont, but received so complete and crushing an assuranco that Eastwood had boon abroad at tlio time of Stophcn Eyre's murder, thnt lie was almost shaken in liis con- viotion that Jess was trying to shiold her former lover. Hewrote'two or threo letters to tlio newspapers, but what were tlieso in comparison with Jess's own confession ? Tho declaration " I did it ; I killed him," could not bo ignored or explained away. . , , „ jcarcli was made for tlio man with whom J en represented horsclf as assooiating on . tho niglit of Stephen's death ; but no one answering to hor description of him could bo fonnd. A mystery seemed to envelope his fate — a mystery as pro found as that wuioh had formerly onwrapped the fate of Stophon Eyre. Jess professed herself unable to say what had become of liim; she thought (vaguely) that ho had gone abroad. And she would say nothing more, oxcept that she and she only had boon to blame. It was a curious case — curious in its very sim plicity.. The bare avowal of guilt mado by Jess Armstrong did not impress tho public quito as much as she expected it to do. Tho conclusion drawn by the world at largo was that a man was mixed up iu the matter, and that she was en deavoring to sorecn him. Evon. the judge was haunttd-by this view of tho case, although, as he told himself, such considerations could not possibly affect the course-of justice. Mr. Justice Armstrong tried the case. Ho was an old white haired man, with a r dined severe cast of features, but gentle and kindly eyes. Ho took an unusual interest in the prisoner. Ho did not know why ; but lie folt drawn. towards her as if by some close liuk of kinship or affection. Thero was . a look in her face, which reminded him of one who had been very dear to him. The pathetio sweetness of her eyes puzzled and disconcerted him. She was poor, lost, fallen creature, ho said to himself— and yet— strange bow these likenesses occur J— eho was straugely liko his dead wife, the wife he had lost . in his youth ; strangely, too, like the handsome son who had refused to be bound by his father's wishes, and had married a girl out ©f a Whitechapel slum 1 "Well, he was dead now— poor Gerald ! — and his wife too. As for the child (for he knew that there bad been a child) was she not dead too? "V7as . it within the bounds of possibility that this poor lost girl, this murderess, who called herself Jess Armstrong, could be the grandchild for whom he had yearned so often, as later years brought the softening influences of regret to boar upon the old lawyer's case-hardened mind? No, it was a wild fancy ; and ho dismissed it a s soon as it occurred to him. Even if it could be true, it were best to forget it. For what could ho do now with her and for her? He could not claim her as his own in this moment of her disgrace. And — ho Bummed tip the matter in his own mind — it was a fancy without foundation; thero was absolutely no reason for conjecturing that this girl was his granddaughter. Armstrong was not an un common name, and ho could not occupy himself with tho fortunes of all the Armstrongs in Eng- \-- land. it will be seen from this sketch of Mr. Justice Armstrong's state of mind that his conscience troubled him from time to time with respect to his son's offspring. Ho bad repented his harsh ness to the dead roan, and had thought many times about tho old woman and child who had once made their way to his house ; but his first impression— that his granddaughter was dead and that old Mrs. Flint was an imposter, trying to extort monoy— remained strong upon him, and caused him sternly to banish any notion of finding or helping the child of whom he had heard. Jess was not altogether unfriended, however, in h6r touble. Dr. Price came to see her several times. Mr. Belmont also visited her. But Mr. Hclmont'a visits were full of pain to Jess. He wanted to know so much) He did not seem able to refrain from questions about hor past lifo, about Eastwood, and about her child. And Jess was determined that nothing more than what was absolutely necessary should pass her lips. Hence she seemed, both to Hclmont and to the chaplain of the prison, a very unsatisfac tory penitent. She was docile enough, but bIio was reticent. And reticence meant, in the chaplain's opinion at least, obstinaoy and im penitence. Mr. Helmont was gentle, but Jess felt that she was a problem even to him. "Where is yourlittlo girl, Jess?" he asked her. '"Alice Drew has hor, sir." " Alice Drew? The young woman— who— " "Who used to go about with Stephen and me ? Yes, that's tho one, sir. Sko loved him dear,- but she's forgiven me for his sake. And bLb takes care of tho child." " Has alio means'of her own ? How dees she supportit?" " She goes ont nursing." " In London ?" "No, sir, down at a place called Hexham— in Kent. A little couutry village— maybe you know it— " "Yes, I knowit very well," said Mr. Helmont. " Have you not heard of Lord and Lady Hex ham down thero?" ho said, after a moment's pau«c. " Lady Hexham is my sister." Jess moved aside a little as if she had for gotten that ho was blind and could not see hor face.- 11 1 know," she said in a low voice. " I heard of her." Helmont said nothing more just then; but ho took an opportunity somo days later of mention ing the matter to Diana. At What do you want mo to do ?" Diana 'raid when ho had finished his story. "For I know you want me to do something." She was looking gravely handsome and stately, but there was a want of brightness on her face, and in her quiet kindly tones. Hclmont noted the fatigue apparent in her voice, and remarked on it. 1 "Oh, it is nothing ; I liavo been too much in town. I must tako a few weeks in the country," she answered quiokly. " And then, as I shall bo ftt Hoxhara, I can do anything that you wish, Frank. Is this poor girl's child to remain there ?" "It seems so. Can you do anything?" " I will go to see hor. I will try. Alice Drow is at Mrs. Bennett's, you say? Mrs.' Bennett is the infant schoolmistress at Hexham. I know the cottage." "That is right, Diana. I felt suro that you would not shrink from the task." "Shrink? Why should I shrink?" And then ft wave of crimson flooded her pale checks and bl ow. " You mean— that this child— " " I believe," said Hclmont gravely, "that it is George Eastwood's child." There was a moment's pause. Then Diana broke out ' with ouly half Bupprossed vehe mence; ' ' " Oh, how can men bo so base, so selfish, so vile ! I thought better things of him— once." "It may bo that ho. regrets his error, ".said Helmont, picking his words with some difficulty, " Y/o do not know all tho ciroumstaucos, and — wo cannot bo sure." "No," said Diana, with a long drawn sigh, "Wo cannot bo sure." But in hor heart she thought that if she looked into the face of Joss Armstrong's child she would know whether it belonged to Georgo or not. She kept hor word and went to Mm. Bennett's cottage. But she was received by Alioe Drew with a grave courtesy which, although homely, could bear to be contrasted even with Lady Hexham's polish of manner and dignity of bear ing, For she had the natural calm and statoli- noss which come of tho suppression of self and the constant yearning towards a great ideal. Lady Hexham recognised tho rnro qualities beneath tho plain exterior of this woman of the !)d aim triod hard to find out some way of boncfiiing Alice and her charge without seem ing civbcr to patronise or to interfere. But it was difficult to do anything for Alice. &ho; shook her head when Diana suggested an . orphanage for Meouie. "I have one myself— close to my park gates," Lady Hexham exclaimed. "I could watch over Her." "Thankyou, my lady, "Alice answerod quiotly, " but Jess's baby girl will always have a homo with me." . . v Lady Hexham was foiled, but only for tho moment. She had looked at Mecnie'a innocent face when sho entered tho room and boen struck at once by tho likeness totho Eastwoods— not to George alone, buttoothor members of the family. Thero was no room for doubt in her mind that this child belonged to George ; audfor that rea son she became at onco hotly, unreasonably anxious to befriend it. Legitimate or illegitimate, what did it matter ? George's child could never bo without a claim on her ; for, although sho had once rofusod him so lightly and planned so reso lutely to marry another man, there was nobody in the whole wide world whom she would ever love as sIib had loved George Eastwood. In a short time, too, another plan oconrrod to her. Tho matron of her tiny orphanago was leaving to bo married ; sho offered the post to Alice Drew. And to her great joy, almost to her surprise, Alico accepted theYituation. She was to lceop Meenic with hor, and Meenie would grow up with other little orphaned children to whom Alico would bo as a mother. Tho orphanagowns, as Lady Hexham had said, just outside her hus band's park gates, and it would be easy for her to see the child from timo to time and secretly to watch over its growth. To tho childless Lady Hexham it seemed a boon to have oven George Eastwood's unacknowledged daughter so nearly beneath her roof. Meanwhile the days of suspense grow to an end. Tho trial, with nil its glmstly details and terrible significance, took place ; and half Eng land hung with intense oagerness ovor the papers to leam what Jess Armstrong's ultimate fate was about to be. The verdict was a merciful one. The jurymen were perhaps influenced n little by the sight of ber pale, patient face, her sweet, modest eyes, and hor . softly curling hair. She put forward no defence. They brought it in " Manslaughter," with a recommendation to mercy on account of hor youth and tho circum stances of the case. And Mr. Justice Armstrong sentenced his granddaughter to 3 years penal servitude. Chapter XXXVIII. — After Three Years. To the traveller whoso eye is sated with the glow and color of tho fervid East, tho soft green meadows, the grey skies, and placid streams of an Euglish landscape, are apt to seem at times too pale and monotonous, and at times indesoribably refreshing. The last sentiment was uppermost in George Eastwood's mind, as he walked along the country road between Wychford anil Hex ham, a few -days after his return from foreign lands, an absence which hod lasted fully 3 years. For, after Lib sojourn in tho Black Forest, ho had travelled eastward and south again ; and he had rested little until hts arrival in Bombay, where, for tho first time during many months, he had an opportunity of seeing on English news paper. Ho was not very anxious to see tho news papers. He had avoided letters and journals, and had lost many by not giving his address. His friend, the banker, had kept him amply supplied with money, and had maintained a discreet reserve on the subject of Jess and ber child. Hence it had come to pass that East wood had not learned Jess's fate, untU he saw a mention of it in a paper in a Bombay oiub. It was a terrible shock to him. At first he did not know what to believe. Sho had been condemned — so much ho saw at the first glanco — but to what ? The paper contained merely a passing reference to tho event ; it sneered a little at some evident miscarriage of justice. G (forgo felt that he could not rest until he knew nil. It was easy onough to obtain a full account of the proceedings, wiiich were already many months old. Jess Armstrong, as she called her self, had given herself up for tho murder of Steplion Eyro. It was a nice point as to whether sho had really killed him or not; for, sup posing that he fell accidentally out of the win dow, was it at all possible that lie could have got back again without tho help of several strong men ? Tho jnry wore rather disposed to believe that tho unknown party of men in the room were guilty of tho murder, and a cold sweat broke out upon Eastwood's forehead ns ho realised the danger that lie had run. But ho soon perceived that Joss had been faithful. She had been obliged to acknowledge him as her lover, but she had said nothing about tho mar riage, or his presence in No. 20 Mill-street Thero was nothing to implicate him — his name was barely mentioned. He drew an involuntary breath of relief when ho found that this was the case. "Manslaughter" was the verdlot. Tho jury could hardly convict of inurdcr under the cir cumstances. And tho sentence— three years', imprisonment, with hard labor. Not a very hard sentence as sentences go. Thero was some talk about ber probable admission into a peni tentiary at the end of the three ycarB. The pcnitentiaiy was evidently thought suitable for a woman who soetned never to havo denied that sho had lod an ovil life. - One or two kindly dis posed persons wrote letters to the newspapers to say that they would look aftor the girl when she came out of prison, and would help her to lead a decent and uouost life, by procuring some sort of Bituation for her. And thence sprang a long series of letters about the trcatmont of women criminals, all based upon that trial of Jess Armstrong, and hor unexpectedly lenient sen tence. The lifo of women in prisons and peni tentiaries was described in other lcttors, and a discussion on the rules and management of such places, filled up tho columns of several papers, at a time when London was empty, and in want of a new sensation. By the time George Eastwood had read all that he oould find, ho was in an utterly dazed condition. The facts that he had read soemod to utuu him. Could it be that Jess — the beau tiful creature in white, with tho long golden hair, whom he had painted and caressed and admired — was now one of those fallen women for whoso benefit prisons and penitentiaries had been built? Ho shut liis eyes and saw her as such womon were described in tho letters that lie had read, with hair cut short under a close cap, with coarso gown and apron, and hands stained or reddened by manual labor of .various kinds ; above all with that . vaouous or vicious look which one writer declared to bo stamped upon tho faces of all. who became inmates of those dreary waUs»:. . Was it possiblo that Jess's, sweet face could: bo branded with that look of guilt and ahamc? He had no doubt concerning her guilt. Had she not herself avowed to liim that sho had pushed Stephen .Eyro from his hold upon tho rotten window sill? Some of the details given in the papers shocked and sickened him. They brought oaok to him4his own vague roinerabr&nco; of the scone — and also a faint, vague conscious ness, whioh he could never understand, of his own share in it. This consciousness was not suffioiontly clear to he of any determining valuo ; but it served to deepen tho sense of horror and revolt with whioh ho regarded Jess's crimo. It socmcd to him now almost impossiblo that lie should ever havo loved a woman of her type. And yet— was there anything that ho could do for her? When the shock of his discovory died away he beg' think— hopelessly and help- lessly— of the. possibilities of the futnro. Ho could not get a divorce from her. Ho must bo separated from hor— yes ; but ho was separated already. Go hated to think of publicity and scandal. Surely, as ho and his wife— the wife of whom he was so thoroughly ashamed, and for whom no spark of lovo now lingered in his breast — wore -already so far apart, there was no need to let the world know that they had boen so near. Sho had not betrftyed his secret; ho would not betray hers. Strangors they must ever be, one to the other, and no one should ever guess the link between them. Thero was Meeuic, however, to bo accounted for ; what had bocomo of Mconio ? She would have to be found and provided for. Consulting the papers again, the only montion of Mconio was contained in Jess's voluntary statomont that her child was "with friends in the country." Jess had no friends in the country. So what did that mean ? Tho first thing to be dono, apparently, was to write a furious letter to Mr. Field, tbo banker, asking why he had been left to learn those heart-rending details from a common news paper. Ho did not find out the reason for somo weeks, when his letter was returned to him with tho words "dead — heart disease," writton across tho cnvelopo. The epistle had been glanced at by a clerk, and re-enclosed to Bombay. Tho ouly thing that George Eastwood could think of was to go to England at once, look for hia child, and wait till Jess oame out of prison. But a letter from Francis Hclmont arrested him Helmont gave him a few details about Jess's trial and imprisonment, and added that the child was with friends in tho country— probably with Alico Drew. Ho had been told so, aud ho had no reason to doubt the accuracy of his infor mation. Ho told the news gravely and sadly, for he had a strong couvictiou that Eastwood was very much to blame for tho tragedy of Jess Armstrong's life. But ho added no word of comment or reproach, for ho wroto by a secre tary's hand, aud did not wish to pain his friend unnecessarily. He inserted merely a few words in his own unccrtaiu haudwritiug, as a post script, mentioning the exact date on which Jess Armstrong would be set free from prison. And that was all. Eastwood did not go to England just then. There was nothing to go for, he told himself. But the expiration of threo years found him treading the green lanes between Hexham aud Wychford, with a look of dark discouragement upon his face. He had missed Jess. How he scarcely knew. He must have made some mistake in tho date. He had gone to the prison on what he thought to he the appointed day, and he had waited while the prisoners were released, but Jess was not amongst the little crowd. Aftor a time ho sought out a benevolent looking lady, in black, who was mixing with tho ex-convicts and asking them to breakfast ; and, doffing his hat politely, ho asked hor if she lmd seen or heard anything of a woman named Jess Armstrong. "Tho woman who gave herself up for killing poor Eyro — oh, that was a very snd case," said the lady. "She came out six months ago on tieket-of-loave." " Six monthB ago ?" snid Eastwood, stuttering in his amaze and oagerness. " So long ?" "Her behaviour was so good, you see," said tho lady in an explanatory tone. "They lot her out rather unusually soon. I saw her hero 'and talked to her myself." A flash shot from Eastwood's eyes. 41 What has she done with herself ?" "Pardon me— you are not going to harm hor?" " I — certainly not. I wished to help her— if possible, to provido for her future." The lady shook her head. "Sho was not an easy person to assist. She would not come to breakfast with the other convict women " — how George writhed at tho word. "She rofused money and she refused work A very bad sign, that, I am afraid." " Where did she go?" " To London, I believe. But not to stay. Sho told me that. Sho said that alio should prefer tho country." 48 Did you not pi occcd further ? Did you offor her no more substantial assistance?" said George. It was odd that whilo his love had grown cold his sense of possession made him exceedingly angry with the woman who had not assisted his wife in suitable ways. The lady in black bridled a little. 11 1 did what I could; air, for tho unfortunate girl," she said, "You must remember that wo see a great number of convicts in tho course of the year. If she would have come to breakfast and stayed for tho prayers and Scripture reading which we havo afterwards, I would have given her work had she required it— list slippers to make, or some thing of that kind. We always give them coffeo ami bread and butter, it heartens thorn, poor things, forthc day's experiences. Butthewomau, Armstrong, would accept no help, spiritual or material. She gavo mo to understand that she was going to friends." "Friends. 'What friends bad Jess?" Eastwood stood still for a moment and con sidered. " It is possible," he said at last, delih- eralely, "that she may come back to you hero for help." " Possibly, but not likely, unless sho is com mitted for another crime." "May I troubloyou with this card?" said Eastwood, formally. " My name aud address are upon it. If you see her, perhaps you will be so kind ns to tell her that I havo come home, and should like her to communicato with mo." Tho lady looked confused, embarrassed, dis tressed. It was evident that somo romcmbranco of Eastwood's namo was floating in her mind, aud that sho could not exactly define it. George thought it bettor to leave her before full romcm branco dawned upon her mind. Ho raiaed his liat, thanked her formally, and turned away. Sho Btood still as if reflecting on tho matter. Just as he reached tho corner of tbo street, he saw her make a frantic dash after him, and, wondering whother she had any furthor inform- ation to give, ho stopped and waited her ap proach. Sho came up, panting, with one hand upon her heart. 48 Oh, I quit© forgot," sho said, 44 who you were ; oh, I do hope that you have seen the— the — error of your ways 1" : 44 1 havo seen them very often," said East wood grimly. 44 Then, will you— will you— do rao the honor of accepting this little tract. I have known it do good to so many— many— hardened and impenitent sinners 1" 44 1 may bo liardoned," Baid George, with the faintest possiblo smile, 44 but not, I am suro, im penitent." Ho took tho tract from her hand, glanced at it, and thon put it into bisx'ocket. It was en titled "Words of Warning," and he did not fool as if ho wanted any warning at that momont. But ho would not wound tho feelings of a Indy by tolling her bd. Ho raised his hat onoo more, And was allowed to dopart. Ho went straight to Frank Helmont. But tho blind clergyman— rector now of tho parish whero ho had so long been ourato— was unalilo to tell him anything. Joss had not been to hitn. Thonho weut to Whifcechapol, and scoured tho back streets and lanes which Jess used formerly to frequent, but ho heard nothing of her Her namo was unknown, save iu connection with tho ghastly Mill-street tragedy, of whioh Gcorgo heaid until ho cared to hear no more. Jess had passed oat of tho sight and kon of Mill-street Meenio? Nobody know anything of Mcenle. Some said that she was dead ; others that she had boon taken away by Alico Drow. ino name struck dull ou Gcorgo's ear? no thought ho had hoard it before, but did not know how or whore. Dr. Price could toll him more, the people said. But he remembered Dr. Price, and shrank from meeting him again. 44 Put the matter into a detootivo s hand, it you want to find Jess Armstrong," Hclmont said to him. ((xr Goorgoshivcrod a lifctlo at tho words. JNo, no," he said hurriedly, 44 1 can't do that. Ill look about a little longor— I may find her 44 Do you want to find hor?" asked tho par son. 44 1 don't want to look upon hor faco again. But I do want to know that she is not starving. Frank, I— I loved her once." :- 44 1 know," said Helmont, pitifully, and then thero was silence betwoon them for a timo. But when Eastwood had boen a few days in England, a desiro came upon liim to rovisit the old house at Wyohford, whioh was now liis own. It was not let at present, and tho housekeeper and tbo servants took a delight in letting their master Beo how bright and pleasant a plaoo it looked. Ho was interested in it at first, and then ho wearied of his loneliness. The houso was full of gho3ts — ghosts of the joys that might have been, glioBts of the joyB that ho had slain. 14 1 will go and see Diana," he said to mm- self. Ho had, as yet, hardly roalisod tho fact that Diana was now a widow. Lord Hexham's nock had been broken in tho hunting field, and Diana's boy had succeeded to tho titlo.- She Jived with her son at tho great old house, where tho Hexham's had always lived, and whore she was reputed to spond a useful, charitable, laborious, and not unhappy life. But George know little of what had happonod in hie absonce, and thought of Diana still ns he had seen her last, brilliant, glowing with life and beauty, gorgeous in arruy. It waa# no wonder, therefore, that he hardly recognised her, when, after ho had entered tho great park gates ho mado his way up the avenue towards tho houso, and oncountcrcd two ladies in his walk. . 4 Two ; ono was tall and stately, dressed rich black robes that rustled a little as sho passed on. Tho signs of her widowhood were few, a littlo rim of white in hor black bonnet was the only token of it that a man would bo likely to observe. George glanced at her and did not glance again. Ho looked, instead, at her com panion, a young and graceful girl, not very tail; a girl with tender earnest eyes, with soft brown hair, and a sweet radiant face. She was dressed in something light and airy — Eastwood did not know its namo — and she woro a very bo- coming Btraw hat upon her bead. It was hor dress rather than her face that recalled to George Eastwood tho placo and timo whero he had seen her last. Ho stopped iuvoluntarily, a 1 quick light coming into his dark oyca. Ho had ohanccd upon Lady Hexham and her young rolation, Sybil Lorimor. 