A PIT-BROW LASSIE. By JOHN MONK FOSTER. Author of " A Poor Man's Tragedy " " The Mobb Pit MyBtery," " For Love and Gold," &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Ohaptzb XVI.—(Continued.) Mi. Latham was quite familiar with the story of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance ; had even a distinct recollection of the miner himself) and the girl's emphatic utterance had evidently made some Im pression upon him, for he asked, after a little pause— 4'And what do you wish me to do? Have the fallen roof cleared up, and thus either prove or disprove your sus picions ?" " Yes," Kate re°ponded quickly in grateful tones, "that is what I wish to be done. I feel certain that my father's remains will be found under the roof." "Well, we shall see," the manager answered; then turning to Luke he added—" How long will it take to clear up this fall ?" "A couple of men will be able to do it In two or three shifts, I think." " Then If you have any men to spare to-night set them on to clear away the fall. Ton need nob give the reason for its being done. Lead the men 'to think that the dirt Is being removed In order that the old workings beyond may be examined ; and then, in caBe Miss Leigh's suspicions prove to he unfounded, and nothing is found, there will be no talk about the matter." The lovers thanked Mr. Latham for his kindness and withdrew. They had a short walk together to chat over the result of their interview with the manager, and ere they parted they decided that Mrs. Leigh should be taken into their confidence. Both Luke and Kate felt that the clearing away of the fallen roof would disclose something, and the narration of theii ex periences to Mrs. Leigh would prepare her for anything that might come to light. So Kate went homeward to relate to her mother the various chapters of the mys terious story, the closing parb of whloh yet remained to be told ; and It need not be recorded that Mrs. Leigh was greatly disturbed on hearing the sbrange things her daughter related. When nlghb came Luke Sfcandlsh went to work, and acting upon the power Mr. Latham had given him he selected two of the miners to commence the work of clearing up the fall. The men chosen were Joe Thomson and Harry Edwards, two of the three who had been lost with him In the mine, and as soon as he had given the rest of the night shlfb men their orders he accompanied old Joe and Harry to the old road. " Wot are they cleenln' this heer fa' up for, Luke ?" one of the men asked a3 they Btrlpped themselves for work, Luke had expected some such question, and bearing In mind the manager's sug gestion he at once replied— "Ah think It's being cleared up so that the old workings further on can be examined. We want to know if there's anny gas In 'em." This statement satisfied the miners, and after a few minutes' chat with them Luke went away, promising to return that way In the morning In order to lead them out of the labyrinth. It was between four and five o'clock a.m. when the fireman returned to Joe Thomson . and Harry Edwards, and he found that they had cleared away a con siderable portion of the fallen roof. Won derlDg If they had either seen or found anything during the night, Luke exclaimed banterlngly— 41 Well, Joe, what han yo' fo'nd ? Some goold amang b' dirt; or haply yo'n seen a ghost or two ?" 41 We han seen nowt, nor fo'nd nowt, o'ny a road o'er t' fa', Luke." About half the dirt had been cleared away, and sufficient had been removed to enable one to scramble over the top Into the road beyond. Luke saw this, and climbing up the dirt-heap, he slid down the other Bide, never dreaming of the startling discovery he was about to make. On reaching the other side of the fallen roof Lnke took a step or two along the low road, glancffig casually about, and sud denly his attention was drawn to some thing lying against the side of the road. He hastily stepped forward, bent low to examine the thing he saw, and then a hoarse cry of terror left his lips and he dropped on his knees like one who was paralysed. Was he dreaming or mad? There before him lay the semblance of his sketch —the figure of Kate Leigh's father heard, face, clotheE—everything—just as he had before seen him. But Luke was soon convinced that what he Baw was no illusion due to either mad neBs or slumber. His cry of terror had startled Thomson and Edwards, and hur riedly scrambling over the roof-heap they ran to his side, to be appalled also by the sight of that which had so terrified Luke. In a little time when the three man re covered their voices the younger man, Harry Edwards, asked in an awed whisper— " Who la he, Luke ?" The fireman remained silent, but Joe Thomson spoke, and his words set at rest for ever all Luke's doubts regarding the Identity of that silent, terrible form lying there before'them. "It's Jonathan Leigh," Joe cried. " Bur heaw has he gotten heer! Ah thowt he went to Merlcy teens o' heeurs sin'!" " Yes," Luke responded In a strange undertone, aB if he were afraid to waken the sleeping figure, "it's Jonathan Leigh, Kate Leigh's father. You knew him, Joe?" "Ah did, Luke; ah knowod him weel.' Even as the men spoke the object of their speech seemed to be vanishing away. It waB the merest shell, scarcely more tangible to the touch than a shadow preserved so long only by having been excluded from the air; and now, with the fresh atmosphere playing upon it, It began to loss each moment distinctness o£ outline, and before Shey left the spob that which at first to them appeared a sleeping man had become an undiatingulshable heap of dry bones and mouldering rags. In one of the adjoining roads a piece of brattice—a kind of rough canvas used in mines for ventilating purposes — was found, and In this the last remains of Jonathan Leigh were carefully gathered and carried to the pit bottom. An hour afterwards the news of the extraordinary discovery was being discussed in every corner of the mine, and by noonday the news was all over Ashford. Along with the bones of the dead man had been brought from the mine anch articles of his attire as had withstood the wear and tear of time. These articles were aB follows :—An old cloth cap, with leathern " neb," or peak ; a pair of clogs, such as miners wear In Lancwhlre; a few BhredB of clothing ; and, fiaally, a broad belt of leather, in no way damaged by either itB long Imprisonment or ghastly work of girding a dead man's waist. These things were carefnlly guarded by Luke, and on ascending the shaft he placed them In Kate's possession, after telling her of the discovery. The intelligence upset the girl very much, and, at Mr. Latham's suggestion—the manager happened to be on the brow when the fireman came up the pit—Bhe had a holiday. There la no occasion to dwell upon what followed. Mrs. Leigh, when the InqueBt waB held a few days later, Identi fied the cap, clogs, and belt as articles which her husband used to wear; and Joe Thomson testified to having recog deed the remains aB thoBe of Jonathan Leigh before the air shattered the dead shell to dust, Of conrae there was not the slightest evidence forthcoming as to how the da ceaaed came by his fate. It was generalJy supposed that he had got lost in 6he old workbga, and that the fall of roof had Imprisoned him, leaving him to die an awfnl lingering death. The verdict was one of death by misadventure. At the enquiry nothing was said by either Kate or Luke of their spectral vial, tatlons, nor waB the finding of the to bacco box bearing the dead man's name mentioned, Any allusion to those matters might have aroused a curiosity which those concerned thought it better not to awaken. And so the inqueBt passed away with out any one suspecting the extraordinary manner In which the unfortunate Jona than Leigh came to be discovered, and In due course his remains were interred in the Ashford Cemetery. The sad event brought to both Mrs, Leigh and her daughter not only the orrow that might have been expected, but also a feeling of sad satisfaction, It was more pleasant for them to know that Jonathan Leigh had been the victim of misfortune than to think, as they used to do, that he was false to his manhood and his marriage vows, and a renegade to his wife and child. A day or two after the discovery behind the fall Lnke Standlsh revisited the place, and whilst examining the old workings lying beyond he found an old Davy lamp which had evidently belonged to hU sweetheau's father. He had occasion to visit the spot frequently daring the time he acted as night fireman at the Kingl'it, but never again did he see anything of a spectral character. (To be continued,) 