The Disguised Heir. I CHAPTER XIII. VIVA FINDS HBRSBLI1 VBBT LONELY AT RODWELL HOUSE. It was the second week in the new year and there had not been the slightest clue discovered which could lead to the unearthing of the mystery of Percy Godfrey's disappearance. In the opinion of the worldly wise the unfortu- nate young man, who was known to have had a sum of at least twenty pounds about him at the time when he left hiB mother and his friends in Gatti's supper rooms, must have been decoyed into some place out of the reach of help, and there have been robbed and doubtless foully murdered. Still there was not a trace of such a thing having happened. The letter which Lieutenant Long be- lieved to have been addressed to Mrs. Chester, en- closing one for Viva Cameron, never reached its destination ; Mrs. Chester received no letter from Percy ; Viva had heard nothing from the hero of her fancy; and when at length the news of his strange disappearance penetrated the walls of Rod- well House, and became food for romantic specula- tion among the pupils, and a subject for gosBip among tho servants, she was not able to throw any light upon the-case. She had seen young Godfrey sitting up in the elm tree ; she bad seen him descend from it in a hurry Since then he had not attempted to write to her or to send her any message. Viva's name, or at least her individuality/ was mentioned in some of the papers. Her cheeks glowed and her eyes swam in tears when she read such paragraphs as the follow- ing in one of the dailies : "THE MISSING HEIR TO THE EARLDOM.-Day follows day, and still no clue is found which can lead to the detection.of the hidden crime, for crime it surely must be, which has swept out of sight the gifted young man who should one day have be- come the tenth Earl of Helvellyn. It is absurd to suppose that young Mr. Godfrey destroyed his own life in a jealous freak. In our opinion there is the love of pelf only in this most terrible story, not the love of lovers. Mr. Godfrey had doubtless been watohed, then tracked and lured to his des- truction by one or more of those unhung scoundrels who have made our great cities hideous." Viva had read thuB far, but she could read no more. She let the newspaper fall to the ground í she burietWher face in her hands ; she burst into a tempest of weeping, her whole frame shook with convulsive throbs. Now that Percy Godfrey was dead, he was indeed a hero in her eyes ; she had, she felt it, loved him from the very first. There could be no harm in admitting that fact now to herself. She would never-never see him again. " He has been murdered !" she Baid to herself, " I wish I could find out by whom. I would spend ' all the years of my youth in trying to find out the real truth about this ¡ but where am I to begin ? Murdered as I read in another paper yesterday. He did not care enough for me to kill himself on ac- count of that idiot Churchill Godfrey, and now, in the course of things, I Buppose Churchill Godfrey will become the Earl of Helvellyn ?" She thought over this for a few moments. " They nro glad," she said to herself, after a pauso, " glad that Percy Godfrey is dead. I know that wicked Marian is glad-I saw it in her cruel face last Sun- day in church. In a very little while her father will be the Earl of Helvellyn. Viva Cameron leaned her head upon her arms, which rested on tho schoolroom table, and gave way to a fit of violent weeping. She was quite alone ; all the pupils were gone home for the holidays. That week the Misses Baker were spend- ing with friends near London. Viva was left in the great house with the two maids, but not a soul of her own culture with whom to exchange a thought. It may strike the reader as strange that the rec- tory did not open its doors to receive the school- girl during the holidays. Miss Louisa Baker was at the bottom of this, however. . Naturally the disappearance of Percy Godfrey had brought Viva indirectly before the public. She was only mentioned in the papers as a " young and attrac- tive school girl, probably not devoid of a spico of coquotry," but her name waa not mentioned. Still, all the world of Station and Derry wood knew per- fectly well that Percy Godfrey had been haunt- ing Rodwell House for days for the sake of the bright eyes of one especial maiden. And the episode of another having entered the grounds disguised as an old gypsy was repeated in various ways. Numerous versions were given of the same tale. The meaning, however, of all was that Viva Cameron waB a flirt, a coquette, a girl to be reprimanded and kept close, and watched with suspicions eyes. Through her young Godfrey had rushed up to London and plunged into gaieties, and then he had suddenly disappeared from the sight and knowledge of all his friends. Women and girls were very hard on Viva Cameron when they told the story. " Of course he did not really care one atom about that wretched little chit," said Mrs. WilkinB, the mother of Arabella, who brought the news home with her at the Christmas holidays. "Still, I think her a very dangerous girl, not one at all fit to be a governess. Poor young Godfrey can never come back now to tell us all the truth, but if it had not been for that girl who knows he might have been alive now." The reader will see the incoherence and absurd want of logic that characterised Mrs. Wilkins' speech ; but, ill-natured and illogical as it was, it found favour with a certain class of minds, and Viva was spoken of unjustly as a " flighty" girl, not to be trusted. " And certainly," MÍBS Louisa Baker said, " not one to be flattered or encouraged. She thinks far too much of herself as it is, and if you invite her to spend the holidays and she meets young men at your Christmas parties who flatter her and talk nonsense to her, her head will be completely turned, and you will be the very worst enemy the girl has." These remarks were addressed to kindly Mrs. Chester, the rector's wife, who, just as the other pupils were departing for the holidays, called at Rodwell House, and asked the Misses Baker to allow Viva to spend the vacation at the rectory. "We must refuse," said Miss Louisa, shutting her thin lips tightly together after she had spoken " Poor girl, how lonely she will be," said kindly Mrs. Chester, " left alone in this great house, with nobody to speak to but you and the servants. She is such a nice girl if you take her the right way." "I never like those kind of persons who require to be what you call ' taken in the right way,' Mrs. Chester," responded Miss Louisa. " When I was young girls were expected to do their duty, to be docile and amiable under any circumstances. As for Miss Cameron feeling lonely, that is nonsense. She will have access to all the books in the school library, she will walk two hours a day either with me or with my sister. She is bound to remain with us, you know, until Easter, and we shall not be sorry when the time of our responsibility is over for the ' care of a girl like that is a very great responsibility. No, Mrs. Chester, she has been far too often at your house as it is ; she must never go there again. I told her so the night of the bazaar when that unhappy yonng man had the audacity to follow us from your house after my expressly stat- ing that I made it a rule never to accept male es- cort. I was reared in a different school." Miss Louisa looked up to the ceiling with a cant- ing expression in her hard eyes. Mrs. Chester sighed, took her muff and her departure. She wa meek Bpirited women, so'meek that she did not even remind Miss Louisa that if the unhappy young had not followed her and her pupil they might have been robbed and murdered by the ruffians from whom he rescued them. " Good morning, Miss Baker. I am so sorry for Viva." This was all she had the spirit to say. So Viva was left alone in the great empty rooms with the school library, most of which she had read through twice, as her sole companions. She was by nature a girl of spirit and resources, and had it not been that her heart was sore at the estrangement in the first place and the disappearance in the second place of Percy Godfrey, she would have boen con- tent and even cheerful. As it was the mystery of that disappearance hung over her, sleeping and waking. " It is nonsense-nonsense," said Viva to herself, while her head lay on the table and sobs convulsed her frame. "He would not have gone up to Lon- don and spent the time in gaiety for three weeks and then jumped into the Thames, as some idiot suggested. He would certainly have written to me if he had cared about me, but he never did care about me, not really, and now, well, I-yes, I wish that I was dead." It was a very gloomy wish to proceed from young, red, beautiful lips, made for laughter and the kisses of true love. She dried her eye3, rose up and went and stood in the window, and she stared with a blank and dreary apathy into the desolate garden. There was snow on the ground, not deep snow, but a thin coating, which had fallen the day before, and which was now frozen over. The, grass was white-so were the paths-the belt of evergreens at the foot of the lawn only seemed to add gloom to the snmbre picture. There was the wall and the little summer house,, now so bare, not a single creeping plant had a leaf to show. Viva hated that summer house. She hated the bold conduct of Churchill Chester, who was to be a lord some day in Percy's place. She looked at the high wall and leafless trees in the field beyond. In that especial tree Percy had sat and watched har, and she had felt happy. It had been delight- ful to know that she had such loving eyes always watching her. Loving eyes? Well, his love, of course, could not have been worth anything ; if it had been ho would not have run away in a raga like that, just because he saw that idiot Churchill Godfrey. " Even be has forgotten me now," she thought j " not that that matters one atom." The sky was covered with lead coloured clouds, there was a keen and piercing wind, but no raia fell. Viva, in her dark cloth gown, red eyed, pale' cheeked, sad, was still lovely, but there was no one in the great, carpetless school room to tell her so. There seemed a hush over the whole world that afternoon, not a sound broke the stillness of that garden, and the field beyond. Than came the welcome sound of footsteps ano! the clatter of earthenware, the door burst open, and there entered Minny with Miss Cameron's dinner on a tray, covered with a clean cloth. She sat down partake of it, and Minny stood behind her on pretenee of waiting on her, but ia reality for the sake of a little gossip respecting the small events of the neighbourhood. " Sir John and Lady Fleetwood, you know, miss» cleared out of Fleetwood Court last week. They are going over the seaB to Australia or India, on somewhere there." Minny's geographical know« ledge was very limited. " And Sir John Weldon, who has come back from India, has taken the Court, and they say he is going to give tha grandest bill that's ever been given in Derrywood". Then the old Earl is really come to Berry wood Court at last, and he has invited Mr. Churchill and Misa Godfrey, and Miss Godfrey is trying her best for Lord Gracechurch, and Captain Flaxford is going mad for har, and Mr. Darwin Chester looks like a ghost fretting about her ; that's true for I saw hint myself. Mr, Churchill would give all his chancea for your sake, Miss Cameron." " What chances would he give, I wonder ?" said! Viva, with a little, bitter smile. " I don't beliera in Churchill Godfrey, or any of the Godfreys." " No they are a' bad lot," assented Minny, cheer* fully ; " especially Miss Marian. How she do lead the young men on and laugh at 'em, to be sure. She will quite get round the old Earl, they say, and get thousands out of him. I do hope you will marry Mr. Churchill, miss ; he is the best of tha lot, and he will be an earl some day." "Perhaps," said Viva; "nobody can tell; that poor fellow might come back again !" " Yes, miss. I shouldn't wonder if he just run away for a lark, and is living with the cannibals out in foreign parts, and that he will come back when he's tired of it, and tell the truth about what made him hide hisself like that." Viva looked up with a half smile ; the same grotesque thought had struck her, that perhaps Percy was hiding for a. freak, just to Bee what would happen in his absence. " One has read o2 such things." Viva thought of Sir Roger Tich- borne, and wondered if Percy had taken a leaf ont of the book of that mysterious personage. A dull pain at her heart contradicted the wild hope. " No no; absurd, childish, to harbor such thoughts." Viva swept them away from her, and Minny went on talking. " Then a lame old gentleman has taken the Grange, furnished. He is one of the ugliest, worst tempered old screws that ever set foot in a parish * everybody hates him. I saw him this morning; quite early. I was standing at the door ia the wall a polishing the brass handle when he comes by riding a fine horse, but going as slow as Blow.' Then he stopped opposite the gate, and says he ; 'You don't know how to clean brasses.' " I knew who he was, for there's so much talk of his nasty ways already in the village, so I up and answered him in his own com. 'If I don't,' I says, * I don't want you to interfere.' Says he, * You are a impudent chit to answer a gentleman like that » the lower classes are ruinen this country. Ia Russia,' says he, ' we keep them down.' Oh ! the old brute. Didn't I let him know what I thought o£ him and the Russians. ' Don't you think to come any of your nasty Russian ways here,' I says, 'among the free born British public. We ain't Russians, and we don't want none of them here.* Ses he, ' I'll let your missis know what an insolent creature you are. I'll callón her before long.' " Viva broke into a laugh. " It would be fun if he did," she said. " What would Miss Louisa say to him ? What's his name, Minny ?" " Captain Salt. They say ho has lived in Siberia and been a sort of nigger driver over the poor things as works in the mines, and he is so rich he can't find room for his money, and he wants to find a wife." " He can easily do that if he is rich," said Viva, with a touch of contempt. "He's dreadful ugly," pursued Minny, in a thoughtful way ; " his face is the colour of parch- ment, and he has a great black beard just turning gray, and such a pair of eyebrows that you can't see his eyes, at least not al way B, but they say thoy are as sharp as needles." " Iwonder what brought him into this neghbor« hood ?" asked Viva. " He says he's studying the English people. He comes to the 'cultural places firet, after that he is going into the towns." " The agricultural districts, I suppose ?" said Viva. " Well, miss, there is no doubt he is one of thoaa who think they can carry everything before them, but he won't find the Berrywood people are going to let him trample upon them." Viva did not take a very lively interest in the old Amercian Captain who had taken the Grange, but she did feel interest in the doings of the Godfreys -those arrogrant persons whose broken fortunes were mended by the death or disappearance of their young and gifted cousin. " I don't care to discuBS Captain Salt," she said to Minny ; " I suppose he is a man who has made money comebow and he expects all the world to bow down to him on that account, but I don't suppose, unless he has letters of introduction, that he will be able to get the entrée to the houses of the county people-the Dashwoods, Weldons, and all the rest of them." " Don't you believe it, miss," said Minny. " Why he gives it out that he's worth at a million of money and that he hasn't a relation in the world, and that he shall leave his money to those he takes a fancy to, unless he marries. Why, there's lots o£ the country folks as poor as they are proud, and with lots of plain looking daughters wanting husbands ; this old Salt will be asked to all their houses-he is already to a big dance at Colonol Davidson's, at Egmont, who has ever so many; ladies to marry, red hair and freckles all of them,, and tall and strong enough to do for policemen, i£ they was dreBsed up like them." Viva began to get a little tired of Minny's chat- ter. She had dined by this time, and had come round to the fire, knelt en the wool rug, and hold- ing her bands towards the flames. " I long to go out," she said, with a sigh : " they told me I was never to go farther than the garden the whole time they are away ; but the garden iB damp and to walk up and down those gravel pathfl would make me frantic. I never promised the Misa Bakers that I would keep in all the time, I thought the demand so cruel and unjust, and I almost told them so in so many words. Miss Louisa said : .Mind, if I hear that you have been out I shall lock you up in your own room for the remainder of the vacation.' " " Miss LouiBa it a beast," said Minny ; " but you had much better take a run, miss, in spite of their threats." "I think I shall," said Viva, "for I shall cer- tainly be ill if I don't. There is such a dreadful fuss about my going to the rectory always ; and if I went there those children would talk, and it .would get to MÍBS Baker's eira. No ; I won't go there. I will wrap up and go for a run across the downs and back in time for tea ; and I think I will try and find a book at the bookstall at the station at Walcot." "Lor', miss, Walcot is a good three miles and a half from here, and part of the way over the downs. You can't walk seven miles and be back to tea at fivo." "No; but put off my tea till six. Do, there's a good Minny, and then I can do it easily. See, it's just two cow. Why, I have four clear hours. I so want an amusing book-something to while away ^the long hours-a shilling 'shocker' as they call them, and they have plenty at the station." " Y ou shall have your tea at six, miss. All the same, I don't like you to be out on those downs so late. Remember the fright you had whan you came home from that bazaar; and the man as frightened you wasn't took, for when they come to look for him where he was left under the hedge he was clean gone.. So he's about yet, and you might meet him again." " I am not afraid," said Viva. " That was late at night, and I shall be back long before dark. I do so long for a lively bodk; all the school histories and biographies I know by heart, and love some of" thom far more than any novel, but now( all alone as I am, I want a novel ; I feel the need of the stimulant of a little fiction. I shall go to Walcot, Miany." Then Viva went up-stairs to the long, cold dormitory which, during the school term, she occupied with six other girls. The neat row of beds-empty, prim, and desolate-struck upon her every time she saw them with a new sense of desolation. Was Viva doing wrong in disobeying the. tyran- nical commands of her governesses ? She bad not any scruples, because she had never promised the Misses Baker not to leave the premises for the purpose of walking exercise. On the con- trary, she had argued the matter with them to the point of tears, but they did not seem to have any consideration for their pretty pupil teacher. The day waB piercingly cold, the wind was in the north, the sky was black. A mare uninviting day for a walk over those wide, lonely downs it would have been difficult to find. " But it does not rain," said Viva to herself, *' and I am young anti strong : if they find me out and expel me I have still my Cambridge local certi- ficate, and I can stay, I know, at the vicarage until I can get a place. Ah, me, what a desolate world this is for a girl who has not a relation to caro for her or a penny in the world." This last speech of poor Viva's was, oE course, figurative, since she had several shillings in her drawer at Rodwell House, and there'were even a few pounds in the bank belonging to her, put up for the purpose of purchasing . now clothes when «he really went out into the world. There was a short cut to the downs from the lane that ran outside the front wall of the garden of Rodwell House. Viva was not long before she found herself walking on the soft turf ; a road was cut across it for carts and other vehicles, but on this bleak January afternoon there was no trace of a human being to be seen. Just there the downs were treeless and bare, nor was there much view, for they rose up in ridges one after another and when you were at the top of ont» you had to descend the slope into a narrow, grassy dell, which in itB turn you had to climb. The gorse buehes were black, the heather blosaom shrivelled and withered. There were a few sheep to be seen out in .the distance, trying to pick up a meal from the short turf. Altogether, a dreary wnlk to choose on such a dull, black afternoon. But Viva had an object in view-the obtaining of that shilling "shocker" which was to amuse her through the long hours of the winter evening. " One advantage of this lonely walk is certainly that there will not be anybody to report my ill con- duct to Miss Baker," thought Viva. Just as this thought struck her she suddenly saw a horseman approaching her at a somewhat rapid pace. She waB at the top of one of the ridges now. it waB the last of the aeries in that direction! There was a deep descent, and then a stretch of level sward for a considerabie distance. The country lay against the dull horizon, fields, woods, Bmall gatherings of houses, which meant hamlets or vil- lages. There was one block of buildings in the mid distance, which Viva knew as the depot or barracks, where part of a regiment and a few officers were always stationed. Nothing looked beautiful under that black sky, not the village churches nor the leafless woods. There was not a touch of color to light up the scene. And tho horseman, Viva felt a contraction of the heart when she saw him ; she was much agitated. Yet the gentleman on horseback was not in him- self specially interesting to her. A good looking young man, with a long, aristocratic face, a tall, thin fellow, a gentleman every inch of him, who raiBed his hat when he saw Viva, and came gallop- ing eagerly toward her; then he drew rein and ?walked his horse slowly to where the girl stood on the bleak hillside. " By Jove, she is a pretty girl !" he said to him- self. Then ho said in dulcet tones :-" Good afternoon, MÍBB Camerson. What a long time it seems since I had the pleasure of seeing you, is it not?" " Yes ; not since the bazaar," said Viva. "Then I would have given the world for the plea aure of seeing you home, and your governess drove ?OB away with maledictions !" "I remember," said Viva, with a faraway look in her sad, beautiful eyes. "Yes, no doubt. You had an adventure? I heard all about it from my friend, poor Godfrey." " Yea," said Viva, and she looked down on the ground ; her long lashes rested on her cheek. "How beautiful this girl is," thought Lieutenant Long. "Quite lovely enough to turn a fellow's head. I can't believe she is such a flirt and coquette as they make out she is." "You know," said Long, after a pause, "that I nothing whatever has been heard of dear old Percy. | I don't know if you cared anything for him; I know how much he thought of you." The colour rushed to Viva's cheek, the tears to her eyes, but she bit her lip, and struggled to control herself; then she Baid ¡ " Our acquaintance was very slight, but I always considered Mr. Godfrey a true gentleman. We had so few opportunities of exchanging ideas." " I know," said the young officer. " He i&ncieit; though, that you did not care for him, but for that muff-I beg his pardon-I mean Mr. Churchill Godfrey." " I am sorry that he fancied that," said Viva. "I could not help Mr. Churchill Godfrey's absurd conduct. I have not seen or heard a word of him since that day when he dressed up like a gypsy and came into the garden." "I know how much poor Godfrey thought of you," said Long; "and when ho could not bo found, and people talked of suicide, I thought just for a moment of you, and that if he had gone mad it was for your sake. I know that the letter he said he was going to post was for you, and I inquired of Mrs. Chester if she had heard from him, and if there had been a letter for you. That was how it was that your name got mixed up with his. I am sorry for it. Those newspapers catch at a word, and spin a three volume novel out of it." " It was right of you to ask every question that seemed to lead toward finding out what has become of him," Baid Viva. " So that you forgive me for being the cause of dragging your name, into the case ?" " I freely forgive you." " Thanks. And now may I ask if you are going much further along this lonely road." " Yes, I nm going to Walcot station to get a book. I am left alone at Rodwell house ; every one is away except the two servants and myself. I have nothing to do in the evening but read over again the boobs in the school library ; the piano is in a room without a fire, so I am going to Walcot to buy a shilling's worth of fiction to amuse my- self with." " In the house alone ?" cried the young officer. " What brutes those women must be ! Why do you endure it ? Why not go to the rectory ?" " I have the future to think of," the girl said, If I offend those women they will not recommend me when I want to take a situation. I have to earn my own bread. " Nonsense ; you will marry a millionaire or an earl at the least." Viva shook her head. " I do not take such an exalted view of my own charmB," she said, with a laugh that was not co- quettish. " I may have compliments and flatterers, perhaps, but they only mislead ; they mean noth- ing." " It's such a long, lonely walk for you to take alone. Let me ride to Walcot and get the book you want and call at the school and leave it ?" " And then Miss Baker will certainly hear of it, and the result will be terrible." " It seems terrible for you to take that walk, and the wind cuts like a knife, and I believe there will be snow. Take my advice, don't go further along these downB. Let me ride to Walcot. " I am going to buy a shilling ' shocker/ Mr. Long ; so I will say goodby, it is cold standing in this wind." Viva I owed, waved her hand and went forward toward Walcot. " If the snow comes on before dark, how in the world is she to get back ?" said Long to himself. " I don't like her to run the risk ; she is a plucky girl, and as lovely as she is brave not an atom of nonsense or pretence about her. Churchill God- frey is not half good enough for her, though she ia a poor little governess and he is to be an earl." (To be continued.) 