Story Column. T&© Splendid Spur. BEING Memoirs of the Adventures or MB. JOHN MARVEL, A servant of his late Majesty, King Charles I. in the years 1642-3 ; written by himself. Edited in modern English by Q.1 IThe right to publish this story lias boon pur chased by tho Telegraph Newspaper Company from tho proprietors, Messrs. OassoU and Company. ChaitbrV. — My Adventure at tub " Three Cues." Secure of pursuit, and full of delight in the mars'seasjr motion, I must have travelled a goad six miles before the moon rose. In the frosty shy her rays sparkled oheerfully, and by them I saw on the holsters the silver demi- bear that I knew to he the orest of the Killi- grewe, having the fellow to it engraved on my sword-hilt. So now I was certain 'twas Molly that I bestrode; and took occasion of the light to explore the holsters and saddle- flap. Poor Anthony's pistols were gone — filched, xo doubt, by the captain; but you may guess my satisfaction whon, on thrusting my hand deeper, I touched a heap of ooiub, and found them to he gold. It was certainly a rare bargain I had driven with Captain Settle. For the five or s'x gold pieces I scattered on tho road, I had won oloso on 30 guineas, as I counted in the moon'ight, not to speak of this incomparable Molly. And I began to whistle gleefully, and taste the joke over again and laugh to myeelf, as we can tered along with the north wind at our haoks. _ All the eame, I had no relish for riding thus mi morning. For the night was oh:,l enough to search my very bones after the heat of the late gallop, and moreover, I knew nothing of the road, wbioh at this hour was quite deserted. So that, coming at length to a tall hill with a black ridge of pine wood standing up against the moon like a fish's fin, I was glad enongh to note below it, and at some distance from tho trees, a window brightly lit ; and pushed for ward in hope of entertainment. The building was an inn, though a sorry one. Nor, save for the lighted window, did it wear any grace of hospitality, but thrust out a bare shoulder upon tho road, and a sign that creaked overhead and looked for all the world like a gal'ows. Round this shonlder of the honse, and into tho main yard that turned ehurlishly toward the hillside, the wind howled like a beast in pain. I climbed off Molly, and press ing my hat down on my head, strnok a loud rai- tat on the door. Curiously, it opened at onoe, and t saw a couple of men in the Fghted passage. "Heard the mare's heels on the road, cap . H'llo ! What in the fiend's name is this?" Said I: "If yon ate he that keeps this house, I want two things of yon— first, a civil tongue, and next a bed." " Ye'Jl get neither, then." "Your tigj says that you keep an inn." " Aye — the Three Caps ; but we're full." "Your manner of speeoh proves that to be a lie." I liked the fellow's voice so little that it is olds I would have remounted Molly and ridden away, but at this instant ihero floated down the stairs and out through the drink-smelling pass age a sound that mado me jump. It was a girl's voice singing — " Hey noauy— nouny— no ! Men arc l'ools that wish to die ! Is't not iino to laugh and s'rtrr Wlien tho bells of death do ring 1" There wsb no doubt upon it. The voice be longed to the young gentlewoman I had met at Hnngerfcrd. I turned sharply towards the landlord, aad was met by mother surprise. The second man, that till now had stood well back in the shadow, was peeling forward, and devouring Molly with his gaze. It was hard to read his features, but then and there I would have wagered my life he was no other ihan Duke Settle's comrade, Black Diek. My mind was mado up. " I'll not ride a stop further to-night," said I. "Then bide there and freeze, " answered tho landlord. He was for slamming the doer ia my face, when tho other caught him by the arm, and, pu'ling him a little buok, whisp red a word or two. I guessed what this meant, but resolved not to draw back, and presently the landlord's voice began again, betwixt surly and polite— p. " Have ye too high a stomach to lie on straw ?" " Oho," thought I to myself, " then I am to he kept for the mare's sake, but not admitted to the house," and said aloud that I could put up with a straw bed. " Because there's the stable-loft at your service. As ye hoar " (and in faot the singing still went on, only now I heard a man's voice joining in the satoh) " our house is full of company. But straw is alean bedding, and tho mare I'll help to put in stall." " Agreed," I said, " on one condition — that you send out a maid to me with a oup of mr'led sick ; for this cold eats me alive." To this ho consented ; and stepping back into a side rcom with the other fellow, returned in a minute alono, and carrying a lantern which, ia spite of the moon, was needed to guide a s :r anger aero s that in'nous yard. Tho flare, as we picked our way along, foil for a momout on an opou oartehed, and within, on the gilt panels of a ooaoh that I recognised. Ia the stable, that Btood at the far end of the oourt, I was sur prised to find half-a-dozen horses standing, ready-saddled, and munching the'? fill of oats. They were ungroomed, and one or two in a lather of sweat that on suoh a night was hard toacconnt for. Bat I asked no questions, and my companion vouchsafed no talk, thoagh twice I caaght him regarding ms onriously as I nabridied tho mare in the only vaoant sta'l. Hot a word passed as he took the lantern off the peg again, and led the waynp a ramshaoklo ladder to the loft above. He was a fa', lumbering follow, and made tho old timbers creak. At the top ho Bet down the light, and pointed to a heap of straw in tho corner. 'Yon's your bed," he growled; and before I could answer, was pioking his way down the ladder again. I looked about, and shivered. The eaves of my bedchamber wore ecarco on speaking terms with tho wal's, and through a score of oran- nies at least the wind poured and whistled, so that after shifting my trass of straw a dozen times I found myself s'"l the centre of a whirl of draught. Tho oandle-flame, too, was paffed this way and that inside the horn sheath. I was losing patience when I heard footsteps below; the ladder oreaked, and the red hair and broad shoulders of a ohambermaid rose into view She carried a Bteamiog mug in her hand, and muttered all the while in no very choice talk The wonoh had a k'nd face, though ; and a pair of eyes that did her more oredit than her . tongue. "And what's to to my reward for this, I want to know ?" sho panted out, resting her left palm on her hip. "Why, a groat or two," said I, "whoa it comes to the reckoning." "Lud! " she ontd, "what a dullyonng men ! " , "Dull?" ' : ' " Aye— to make me ask for a kiss in so many words ;" and with the baok of her left hand she wiped hor mouth for it frankly, while she held out tho mug with her right. " Oh ! " I aaia, "I beg your pardon, but my wits are frozen up, I think. There's two, for interest ; and another if you toll me whom ycur master entertains to-night, that I must be content with this crib." Sho tcok the kisees with composure and said — "Weil— to begin, there's tho gentlefolk .that came this afternoon with their own oartiage and heathenish French servant ; a orauky aid grnudco and a daughter with more sirs than a. poscook; Sir Somothing-or-other KiNgrow — Xord bless the boy i " For I bad dropped the mng and spilt tho hot sack all abont the straw; where it triokledaway with a fragranoe reproaohfnlly delioioos. " How, I beg your pardon a hundred times ; but the chill is in my bones worse than tho ague;" and huddling my shonlders up, I counterfeited a shivering fit with a truthful ness that surprised myself. " Poor lad !" "And 'tis first hot and then cold all down my Bpine.'" " There, now !" "And goose-fleBh and flashes aU over my body." "Dear heart— and to pass the night in this grave of a place !" "And by morning I shall he in a high fever ; and oh ! I feel I shall die of it 1" " Don't— don't !" The honest girl's eyes were full of tears. " I wonder, now—" she began ; and I waited, eager for her next words. " Sore, master's at cards in tho parlour, and will be drook by midnight. Sbalt pass the night by the kitohen fire, if only thee make no noise." " Bnt your mistress — what will she say ?" "Isin heavon these two years; and ont of master's Bpeskiug-distunce for ever. So blow ont the light and follow me gently." Still feigning to Bbiver, I followed her down tho ladder, and through the stable into the open. The wind by this time had brought np some heavy elonds, and masse i them about the moon, hat 'twas freezing hard, nevertheless. The girl took mo by the hand to guide me, for, save from the ono bright window in the upper floor, there was no light at all in the yard. Clearly, she was in dread of her master's anger, for we stolo across like ghosts, and onco or twice she whispered a warning when my too kicked against a loose oobble. But jnst as I seemed to he walking into a stone waU she put ont her hand. I heard the oliok of a latoh,and stood in a dark, narrow passage. The passage led to a Bccond dcor that opened on a wide, stone-paved kitchen, lit by a oheer- fnl fire, whereon a kettle hissed and bubbled as tho vapour lifted the cover. Close by the chimney corner was a sort of trap, or buttory- hatch, for pushing tho hot disheB conveniently into the parlour on tho other side of tho wall. Besides this, for furniture, tho room held a brosd deal table, an oak dresser, a linen-press, n rack with hams and strings of onions depend ing from it, a settle and a chair or two, with (far decorating) a dozen or so of ballad-sheets stuck among the dish-covers along the wall. " Sit," whispered the girl, " and make no noiso, while I brew a raok-punoh for the men folk in tho parlour." She jerked her thnmb towards tho buttery-hatoh, whore I hadalrr idy caught the mnrmur of voices. I took np a chair softly, and set it down be tween the J hatch and the fireplace, so that while waiming my knees I could catch any word spoken more than ordinary load on the wall! The ohamheimaid stirred the fire briskly, and moved about singing as she fetched down bottles and glasses from the dresser — " Lament yo maids an' darters For constant Sarah Auu, Who hanged hcrsel' in her garters,' All for tho lovo o' man, All for the " She was pausing, bottle in hand, to take the high note ; but hushed suddenly at the sonnd of tho voices singing in the room upstairs : " Vivrc on tout cas C'est lo grand soulos lies hoanetcs gens ! " " That' b the foreigners," said the ohamber maid, and went on with her ditty : " All for the love of a souljer Whose ehrist'ning noino was Jan." A volley of oaths sounded through the buttery-hatch. " And that's the trne-horn Englishmen, as yon may tell by their speeoh. 'Tis pretty company the master keeps, these days." (to be continued t0-m0e20w. 