Musical World. The Daily News, of date July 25, states that the final concert advertised to be given by Mr. Sims Reeves has been postponed until March, or April next. The postponement -has been con sidered advisable, because Madame Christine Nilsson, who had promised to sing at the famous tenor's concert, will not ' be able to visit London till the spring, inasmuch, as owing to the state of her health, she is obliged to spend the winter in Maderia. Considerable interest has been manifested, more especially among the fair sex, in connection with the civil marriage of Signorina Grina Eicordi, daughter of the late famous Milanese music publisher, to Signor Luigi Origoni, member of a noble Italian family. Verdi journeyed specially to be present at the ceremony. The libretto of M. Ambroise Thomas's setting of Shakspere's Hamlet differs considerably from Shakspere's tragedy. The first act introduces Hamlet at the coronation of his mother by King Claudius, after which Hamlet and Ophelia sing a love duet. The second act is devoted to tlie scene with the ghost, who, by the way, is visible to the eyes of Horatio and Marcellus as he disappears amid sound and trumpet and 'report of can non.' The last portion of the third, act is the scene with the players, to whom, in place of Shakspere's 'advice,' Hamlet, goblet in hand, trolls out a drinking song. The fourth, act opens with a Danish march, and it includes the play scene, at the close of which. Hamlet, after bidding defiance to King Claudius, once more sings his drinking song, and falls fainting into the arms of his friends. ' To be or not to be ' opens the fifth act, and is followed by the ' Get thee to a nun nery' scene with Ophelia, and the interview (including ' Look on this picture and on that ') between Hamlet and his mother. Save Ophelia, whose death scene (the gem of the opera) fills the sixth and last aet, the audience never asan set eyes upon any one of the dramatis persona, and the story is thus left quite unfinished. We have often thought that the Society of Musical Artists might experience great pleasure if they would only unite their efforts in render ing the works of the great masters. A society of this kind might consist of only six performers. Each of four of these should be able to take a part in a vocal quartette, that is to say, one should have a soprano voice, another an alto, another a tenor, and the last a bass. The fifth should be a good pianist, and the sixth an efficient reader of plain prose. A society of this kind would have before it a field for its operations of immense extent. Forgotten operas to the number of perhaps 1000 or more would be available for 'performance. The music of some scores of operas, arranged for voice and pianoforte, could be obtained, and all the principal parts thereof could be performed by such a musical society. The performances of such a society would, of course, lack the scenic and orchestral accessories of the theatre and the opera house, but would nevertheless be very interesting. The reader should be a man of sufficient literary ability to be able to condense the principal events recorded in the libretto into a small compass, so as to pre sent the narrative to the listeners, after the plan of Lamb's tales from Shalcspere. The advan tages which such a society would secure to its members would be the pleasure of listening to a great mass of music, and a host of parlor operas which are never heard in houses devoted to the amusement of the people. Many forgotten operas are fully as good as those which have kept the stage, but they are never produced because the production of them would not pay the expense. The performance of Mozart's ' Cosi fan tutte ' in London, is regarded by some of the British journals as one of the noticeable events -pf the season. This opera has been very seldom performed in London, and, as far as we know, never in Australia. The Daily News, in commenting on the smrject, says that, ' for the choice of Da Ponte's ridiculous libretto, which has done much to damage the popularity of ' Cosi fan tutte,' Mozart was not personally re sponsible. The Emperor commanded, and the composer had but to obey. It must have been an uphill task to set to music a silly story, in ?which, for a wager, two Neapolitan officers put the fidelity of their sweethearts to the test by pretending to leave the city, and afterwards return disguised as Albanians ; each making love to the other's mistress, and succeeding in captivating her. It needs a large demand upon the credulity of the audience to ask them to believe that the ladies could recog nise neither their lover s- nor their own waiting maid, who enters dis^nised first as a quack doctor, and afterwards as. a notary. Various aew librettos, fitted to Mozarf s music, have accordingly, during the past century, from time- to time, been attempted. Treitschke even still more absurdly than Da Ponte, converted the cynic who offers the wager into a magician, and the waiting-maid into a sprite. Krebel, in 1816, constructed a wholly new plot ; Herklot caused the officers to introduce two of their male friends, who undertook the trial of constancy. Gugler allowed each of the officers to make love to his own mistress, while both. Schneider and Arnold (the latter in the English, adaptation, ' Tit for Tat,' produced in 18li), made the waiting-maid disclose the plot to the two ladies before the trial began. A new adaptation, which seems totally to have been forgotten, was based upon Devrienfs version for the Cari Rosa Company, by the late Mr. Arthur Matthison (librettist of Balfe's ' Talis man'), in 1878, but it was never performed in the metropolis.' The English libretto used at the recent performance of this opera in London was written specially for the occasion by the Rev. Marmaduke Browns. The production of this opera in Australia would be to musical people generally and more especially to the lovers of Mozartian melody, an event oi consiaerame importance. The Magazine of Music for July contains a highly eulogistic sketch, of the musical career of Sarasate, the Spanish violinist. The writer of this sketch states that from lS76to 1878 Sarasate gave 800 concerts, and that he has triumphantly visited Germany, Austria, Hungary, England, Switzerland, Bohemia, Sweden, Norway, Den mark, Russia, Poland, Belgium, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Silesia, and Saxony. He has re ceived honors and decorations from all countries, and has been elected either as Honorary member or director or professor of many musical institutions. He is said to be modest and unpretentious, not withstanding the intoxicating incense of praise which. he is every day receiv-, ing. He has the greatest repertoire ever a violinist had. Alternating with the concerts of the great masters, Beethoven and Mendelssohn^ he has given three of Max Bruch, two of Saint Saens, and one of Mackenzie, the concerto and tne symphony espagnole of Lato, and the second concerto of Henri Wieniawski, several of the works of Raff, Giraud, Auer, Doorak, and Mowzeowski. He 'has composed many works, a few of which, have been performed in Sydney by that excellent and promising artist, Mr. Rivers AHpress, from whom the musical pubLic of our city may yet expect to hear more of the great Spanish violinist5 s work. Sarasate is about to make a tour extending over five or six months in the United States, where he intends to give seventy or a hundred concerts, similar to those he has already given in most of the large cities of Europe. Augener and Co. have published an edition of Moore's complete Irish. Melodies, with, the original symphonies and accompaniments by Sir John Stevenson and Sir Henry Bishop. It is quite unnecessary to say anything in praise of such a work, for Moore's melodies are known to every one. who has any taste for music. In the preface to the work it is said that Moore ' having selected an Irish air, played it on the piano, or carried it In his memory, until he was thoroughly imbued with its character and capabilities, and then wrote for it words 'which expressed the feelings it inspired.' Mr. H.^Halliday Sparling, in his in troduction to Irisnininstrel^y, charges Moore with having ' unhappily^' tinkered most of the old tunes he. used into drawingrrobm shapes, and Vedded them -to words that were Irish only in their sentiment, and in their swiftness and melody. For the rest— intonation, inflexion, character, they might iiave Been written oy an educated cockney witk, an ear for music. Grim old Hazlitt said of him that, he had 'made the wild harp of Erin into a musical snuffbox.' It may be true that Moore's- Irish. , melodies do not faithfully represent .these -melodies as they were known before Moore's day; but unquestionably Moora greatly added :. ^ thek pdpidiSrit^. We need only add that this new edition of Moore's work is well got upland is published at the low 