MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. DBr W. C. P. I atsv begin by stating that I never cared for parrots--n fact as a child, I dis visited. .It seemed paceabl and quiet enough, and had much freedom, when it would meander gently about the room, neither taking notin of nor mzolesting any one. Emboldened by this conduct, thought I might Venture to tense poor Polly, so, ereeping under the table, I oery gently pulled its tail. Deeplh moved and incensed by this insult, Polly flew straight nat me andbitmy flnger, asknowlelged the justice of the punishml nt; still, in frighlt and ptin, I screamed aloud, lwhen my aunt and nurse flew to the rescue and sestvedl the nrramted- pa rot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight lat me, and tried to peck my eyes out and bit my cheeks ; it never forgot nor forgave the tnjnry,-bult tried to bite me lwhenever it was loose, flivingl at me and pecking wherever it cold, tilt at aInst it became a Fort of nightmare and terror to me, anal I rejtented mein tears of tie wrong I hadl committed against it. Full of years and hatred, it at last yielded up the- ghost, to my peace of mind and its mistress's regret. Tile next parrot I lbecame acquainted with didl nothing to exalt his race in my eyes. lIe belonged to a ea captain, and we came across him in ltednes at the sea side. IIis laIngnge was profanity itself, and besides that hie was a tale-hearer. "Robert kissed the cook; oh, fie!" was screamed out by him suddenly one day, and by this a disevery- was made of a love story, which" shook thie pillsar of domestic ieae ;" a jealous housemaid having taught him the phrese. I alwaysa think of this parrot as a "him," for slahulld e grieved to think of ary respectable lady-bird disgracing herself and sex by very "luig, big 's" that unrighteous bird used daily. lIy thirdl iparrot friend was a grey one, and helotnged to Admiral llank-also a sea going binr, lbut how different had been his cdlcation! Ite was a thoroughl gentleman, full of conversation on many topics, clever at whistling, and able to sing a good song when occasion offereld. It was ilthoe L'rezils I met him. We all livel in a lovely garden attached to tie hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting andl led rooms, aceirding to tihe require ments of tihe guests. We lhad one Iouse and Admirel lltik another, and Polly used to spend his time in a large crea perched up in a tree, where he was ver tuappy and conversantional, ail became quite friendly with me as I gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a ihuge negro slave, up wanrds of six feet high, as bllck as a coal, but a great swell, attired alwcao in most spolless lily-white duck hlits and a tall white lihat, who was told off to attend to these garden hlouses. Ils name was "lWhite," or the hIureas ao n Irends prin ciple, I presume, and "Whlite! Wlitet" might often be heard shouted through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral Blllk; hluen White would Ily witl an lbedient start from the kitchenof the hotel haul-by. One mtorning had seen tihe ndmiiril start off, resplendent in imiform, and knew he was gone; I wis sarprised, therefore, to hear "Whitel White!" called in his tone of voice. I could not under stand it, as 1 had never left the garden since lie went away and ihad not seen him return. Neither could White. lie came nmning and perepiring, went to Admiral ]Illak's lhouse, a:lnt tien looked about the grdlen, but could not find him. Then, sup posing lie had made a mistake, lie returned to the ivory-teetlhed,grinning,blackl uindry maids, in the courtship of whom lie lad been interrupted. "White! White!" once meore resoundle through thie gardens, this time in svery Ingry tones. White came iIn fear and haste to find-no one; and the illusion was rpeanted several times that day. I speedily discovered that 'olly was the caller, and, alas! next day so did White. and ill his anger and spite'le would have kiiled the birld had I not lren there to protect him. Manty a fruitless run did 1'Polty give him after that, for miasters's "Wlite!" nnd I'ollvys "White!" were abso lutely indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be losse sor of two parrots, and bitterly I retelledl oginst the decree. It happened thns: We went to India, and I was cotu pletely fascinated Iy the erowds of green parrots we satw'tin the.rtpleai It was a noee.r-failing oitrge of osre - aJn?c ,n to s55 : them (lying in liocls, often hundreds at a time, fwith the lnvs of the descending sun glistening on tlheir emenld-geean plnage; or to see a tree dlstitute of leaves made green by reason of thei multitude of parrots that had Eettled on its tbrncshes; or again, at stnset, to see tie green parrots flying aleuit the white miarble minarets of the glorious Taj-lelhnl, orldaring aixsut, frolick tn in the expiring rus. To me they were thI most lovely of ini;ia's iinls. One scene connected with parrots is, from its perfect beaty, often resent in mymind. At a certain res:ldeney, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain con stantly playing, andi in the early morning the parrots gather togeltherin vast numbers to drink and Ibathe tn its nunning waters and iasin. To see their granceful curvesanl upward flights befoet, dasinhlg through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unboundled joy and ielight in so doing, was a Iliture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness dlifcullt to surpass, The C parrots at thllis resileny are almost tame, for every morning four or five caged ones I are let loose to be fedi, and down come all the wild ones to share their feast The early morning its tile time to see these birdsl at iheir brightest and lest. At the first glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their r nights resting-places and lly shrieking forth in search of food, anil on many a tree they may le seen pulling off the precious Stberries antl fruits. Alas! tihe mahlis (gardener e) heart does. not warm to parrots, afor their nature is to work destruction t wherever they go. and they pick off and a destroy far more than thel eat-as the un a ripe msngoes lying at the foot of a mangoe tree will testify. i Seeing my admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, with whom Inwas stolpping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vain I representel to them that it was tihe beauty anda life of tile wild ones I admired, and that I thought caged ones would be sorry representatives of their hind. But no, tie faites would have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots built their nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and some of the young birds were taken out and irought into tlhe lou.se. When I inslected theta I could hardly believe thle were par rots. They looked'like veey yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white claw? and a redl beak, and not a vestige of a feather, and more firmly tthan ever I declined to have anything to say to them. Itowever, thley were plt in a bnkoet and fel every two hloirs on a system of dlough lills poeed doon their throats nadssashleddown with woater, and to my disnist I was expected to assistthem to tIcs e delicious enpasts. To add to my troubltes one day a man arrived oitli a cage full of lill parrts, tIo parent Sbirdsad a family of youngsones. They seemed in the lost stage of exhanstion and starvation, so we fed them oall Indslaild we woull lbuy some, andl retntrned the others. SThies man ent lailck a ,olite mssage that Snow we had toue t hu e Iint, it would lbreak his caiste to take theim Iack, iand I unlaes we would buy them all he must kill them. We felt grieved to think of their nn timely fate, eopureltosre tCle wlhole family; though it was no light matter to eontom a late stufling six more binls with pills the young birds were even uglier than our ow-n, tlhough .the parent birds were lovely, bright green with red on each wing, and a res ring round tile necle. Well, the time a for my -eparture arrived, and I said noth gin about the parrots, slid fondly hloped they aud been forgotten; "when as the train wse abaut to move off, nli I came a servant witl a littl enr-e con e tainin g wo youna birds nd a hr?'n paper parel containing dsaIgi. I felt a good ideal, but politeness mamie me offer the best Stlabnks I enld moster ip in my vexotion. Off "we started, and very soon the birds began to make a rooning noise-nasound I hlad ed laeto detest, for it meant that they were Ihulgry and tihat tihe timelnd ar orerred for tie dough to be utiliaeds With a abailgraceItook-them on mylop,"opene p their bills, turn abnout, al lob-ed the ao bluses down. At last tie "Torpedo e took a header amongst my siirtsa siai tliat teo was satitfiedl, and the "Wh1al? rolled bin eyes and oltoed as it ha Wet? dying, which was his sign of repletion. he aabove were the names of my new proth's, the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolt ing headforemost anywhere and in any thing the moment he had eaten enough. There was a:popnilar song some years ago called "The Torpedo and thie Whale," so the latter name followed naturally for my friends, though I had never heard the ditty. This meal was the beginning of similar E repasts administered about every, two hours day and nightfor some days, when quite suddenly Torpedo put on an entirely J new suit of tihe 'ridest green with long bloe tail-feathers, which with his little I bright red bill transformed him from being 1 ugly to a tlingof beauty; and one day, at Watson's hotel, Bombay, hie suddenly flew from the balcony right round the room, so, in fear lest hie should fly away, I cut hisa wing. -The Whale continued ugly; sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They still re quired feeding with the pills. The voyage home they performed- n a basket, and Torpedo became so tame, he would follow me about the slip like a little dog. At this time they ncquirednllabit of shrineking ear-piercing yells. They reached England I in summer, andseemedvery well while the warm weather 'lasted; but suddenly in tensely cold frosty weather set in with I sleet and snow, and the poor parrots I looked and seemed miserable. One night the thermometer sank to 28 degrees below i zero. About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo rustling about and trying to get out of its cage. So I took it to the fire, warmed and fed it, and it went fast asleep on my knee. At last I put it back I in its cage, covered it well up, and went to bed. The next morning my terman house maid came to my'bedroom and said, "Oht madam, I have such ferry bad news to gif I you. You vill be so sorry." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once, but she kept me in suspense some time longer, repeat ing how grieved I should be, and at last handed me a newspiper parcel containing E sy little Torpedo lyin dead. It appears she found the poorlittle soul on the floor with its head between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright. I tried to revive it in every way by putting it neasr the fire, rc., but all in vain-life was extinct. It is now stuffed and i under a glass ease, but it has lost all hold r on my affection, as it is not one whit like my liying, saucy, loving, mischievous I Torpedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improvedin position. lIe was allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cage, whereas in the time of the late lamented Torpedo, he had always I been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit-bits to eat, and developed in s wisdom and good looks, and produced red I feathers on his wings and a rosy ring around his neck; his temper became genial, and he learned the noble art of conversa- I tion, and, to thie servants' delight, called theim all by their names. Botli prrots sad i a wonderful facility for making themselves respected, but at the same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. Many a time I have gone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but the whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St. Ilernard dog, and a canary, andamongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo nid the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of thie fire, the parrots would calmly pinch his toes or his tail till Ihe made place for them; and the kitten and parrots played games together, rolling over and over. The Whale, amongst other ac complishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. Ite elso greatly enjoyed my musiewlen I playied, but ihe preferred scales and exercises, his taste being purely classical. Whenever I legan the former lie would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter sabot just as if he were taking a bith. Then one by one he would abstractmy hair pins, till at last my hair would fall down, and in that he would plunge and bathe with extremerelish. This wasnot anamusement lie was often permitted to indulge in, how- I ever. At this time we had a "buttons," Robinson by name, who was tihe cross of everybody in the house except his master, who continually took his part, and ex ,ilained that all his shortcomings arose from too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day thie Whole was muttering to himself a good deal, anl at last clearly delivered himself of the fllolw ing: "Robinson, Robinson! whatever are you doing, you bad boyl You're a very nnughty say. Go to bed t once, sir ! 1) ou heoar? and tthis eoxactly in the cook's voice; and he used to scold ohbinson loudly in other words also, showing the frequency of the thing In his hearing in the kitchen where lie lived. IIe loved to be out in the garnnlen, and would climb a tree with great agility and joy, pullingmuch of the lmrk off as he ascended. lie and the Torpedo entirely picked to pieces and demolished a favenrite wicker armchair which my mother-in-law had given us to keep, andi that sihe greatly valued,whichl was sad! We decided up:on revisiting India, and tihe qestion arose, What was to b?romie of the Whale? lIe hadl manyEnglish lhearths and homes at his disposal, for he lnd en denred himself to many people by his win ning ways and clever talk. Butwe resolved to let Iim once more enjoy the gorgeous Elastanl thlescenesof hisenrlyys ntlh. Howe got a small cage, cut offiis long tail so that lie might fit in, made a red ibaize cover to show off his complexion-I mean his green feathers-bought some bird seed, and there was I'olly, au grand cmsplet for thie voynge. Ito liked the sea, and was very llilarioius, talging and whistling away and mnking friends with everyone. lte sued to sit rerched pl on my ileck-chnir, while every one hroughlt Ihim dainties from table andl the onrious ports we stopped at. There was an actress on board, the celebrated 1lie. lash. Dash tlie Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite in the ship. She was lotld in her dress, speech, and manners, and of i thlirety temperament. One day she nhad fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-chair, with her mouth wide open and snoring, with a must larilsh display of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I sa- the Whale observ ing her, nd presentl;y, before I could catch him, lie climbed down my chair, skurried across the deck, and climbed up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very pain ful for her, as his claws were very sharp. She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awk ward position. I regret to say that- so much the worse for human nature-many of the passengers rejoiced loudly at liher misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and wearrived at Madras. There, at the end of our sitting-room, was an immense verandauh, and here the Whale lied, pleased to renew his acquaintance witls sugarcane, but disgusted with tite ants and crows. lis food had constantly to be changed on account of the former, and the latter used to come and eat his hremd and water; then his rags and futry were terrible to witncss, and all the scolding lie had learned, intended for Itobinson, lie levied at their heads, and finally learned to raw exactly like they dud, lItre we ret up a rtadraoos "hay," and ha kept that un fortunate errnntprettybusy ninningabout es Ie leasred to call "boyi nbatl in his masters and mistress's oice. Jie visited Calcutta, Ceylon, and various places in India, and gainedl health, strength, and new words in his native land, and learnt to flitter me by calling out "I'rctty, pretty" whlenever lie awme. Duringhnisresidence at tllniove- mentieoed northern presidency the poorlittle fellow became very ill, gas~iL for hreatb, refused all food except wlnt he tookfrom mylips, fluffed uphis feathers, andl looked piteously at me for help; he seemed perfectly nuiseable except "when perched pen my Iland, tihe onlytimetheverseemed to sleep, and in spite of everything we trild, he expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a dear riend,and truly we had, forhe had cheered s up in many a gloomy moment by his eheery and altectionate ways. lie was uried lnalovely garden brigt withraried ind fsg?mt clusters of blosoms--a fit reating-plaes for such a child of nature. 