THE NOVELIST. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Miss Braddon, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Phantom Fortune,' ' Dead Men's Shoes' ' Cut by the County," "Taken at tbe Flood," " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Needful," " Mohawks," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XIL FLORESTANS MISSION. Fioreetan lanohed with Mr. and Mrs. Arden rn the dsy after their meeting at the opera. It wag the lady who gave him the Invitation. He bad alwaya been a favourite of here ainoa the time 'When be told the meadow, and eailier, when he had jnst left Eton for the enperior independence of the . University; and in this bnsy Paris, crowded with Btraoge faoes, ahe had been pleased to meet with a familiar faoe, afaoeaeeooiated with the cloud lets years of her first marriage. Everything waa dear to her that brought back the memory of that time. Waa she happy with her second husband ? Ho, she waa not; unleaa gratitude and a plaoid submission to the decree of Fate mean happiness. She had drifted into this second marriage upon the strong tide of Ambrose Arden'a pas sionate love—a love whish had gatheredforoe with eaob long year of waiting, and whioh faad beoome a power that no ordinary woman conld resist Snob a passion, so exceptional in its patient endurance; its intense concen tration, will compel love, or at feast the sur render of liberty, and the submission to -woman's destiny, whioh is, for the most part, to belong to some-one'stronger than herself. She had submitted to this mastery, and the- was grateful for that devoted affection whioh knew no wavering, whioh had lost none of iteromantfeintenaitywithtbewanlngof the honeymoon, bio woman oonid be heedless of snch a love at this, from suoh a man as Am brose Arden; and his wife waa deeply touched by his idolatory, and gave him baak all that a woman oan give whose heart is oold as marble. Tenderness, deference, compa nionship she oonid give, and she gave them; bat the love she had lavished on Robert Hatrell waa a fire that had bornt out. It was not in Ambrose Arden's power to rekindle the flame. Hever einoe the firat year of her widowhood had her thoughts recurred so incessantly to the past as they had done einoe her second marriage. In her life with her daughter, they two as sole companions, something of her girlish gaiety had returned to ber, ahe had beoome almost a girl again in adapting herself to a girl companion. In her anxiety to keep the burden of sorrow off those yonth fni shoulders she had shaken off the shadow of her own sad memories, and had given her self up to girlhood's small pleasures and frivolous interests. Bat sinoe her marriage— einoe her ohief companion had been Ambrose Arden, and not Daisy, a deep oloud of melan choly had come down npon her mind. The image of her first husband had beoome a ghost that walked bealde her path and stood beside her bed; and the memory of her hap piest years had beoome a haunting memory that oame between her and every oharm and every interest that her present life oonid offer. Thus it ni that she had been eager to see more of' Florestan, and had asked him to loncbecn at their hotel. This time^they were at theBriatol, and it was in a salon on the seeond fijor, looking out upon the Place Vendome, that they received Gilbert FloreBtan. Daisy beamed npon him In a white straw hat trimmed with spring flowers, and a neat little ;grey cheeked gown, made by one of these epicene tailors who give their minds to the embellishment of the female figure. She had aibnnchof lilliesof the valley pinned upon her breast, a bnnoh which Cyril had j oat bought for in the Bne Castlglione. They had been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that the great city was a vulgar, glaring, dusty hole, yet very delighted to attend his sweetheart in her explorations, and to ebow her everything that wae worth looking at. "1 hope I have satiated her with ohnrahee," he said; "we have driven all over Paris, and have gone up and down so many I steps that 1 feel as if I had been working on the treadmill. We wound np with a scamper in P&re; la Chaise." "It was a scamper," exolaimed Daisy. " He wonld hardly let me look at any of the monuments. They are all mixed np in my mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, olassiosl temples and Egyptian obelisks — Baleao, Baobel, the Bnsslan Princess who was burned to death at a ball, DesoUe, Thiers, Abel&rd; and Hdloise. I could spend a long day roaming abont in that plaoe of names and memories, and Cyril took me through the alleys almost at a run." " Why should a girl want to prowl about a cemetery, unless she is a ghoul, and is map ping ont the plaoe in order to go back there in the night and dig?".Cyril protested with a disgusted air. "I wonld rather have to stand and wait while you looked at all the shops in the Bne de la Faix." The lonoheonwas a very lively meal, for both Cyril and Florestan were fall of talk and vivaolty, and Datay talked as much as they let her, leaving Ambrose Arden and bis wife free to look on and listen. They had spent their morning together among the second hand bookshops on the Qnai Voltaire, where the scholar had found two or three treasures in sixteenth century literature, and where the echolar'e wife had hunted for herself among volumes of a lighter and more modern character, and had seleoted some email addi tions to the carefully chosen library at Biver Lawn, a collection whloh had been growing ever einoe Robert Hatrell'a death bad made her in some way dependant npon books for companionship. After lunch, Florestan suggested a pilgrim age to 8t. Dennis, and offered to aot as eios rone, an offer which Daisy accepted eagerly, so a roomy carriage waa ordered, and Mrs. Arden, her daughter, and the two vonng men set ont for the resting plaoe of Royal ties, leaving Ambrose free to go baok to the bookshops. " It isn't a bad day for a drive," aald Cyril, as the landau bowled along the broad level road ontslde tbe city, "but I am sorry that we are pandering to Hiss HetraU'e ghoulish tastes by hunting after more graves." There was mors dlsouselon that evening as to bow long the Biver Lawn party should re main In Paris. They had arrived from I,taly two days before, and while they were in Venioe Mrs. Arden bad seemed anxious to return to England, and had confessed her self homesick. In Paris she aeem disposed ' for delay. " I can't quite understand you, Clara," said brr husband; "all yonr yearning for home teems to have left yon." " I am as anxious as ever to go home, hut there is something I want to do in Paris." "What is that?" "Ob, it if a very small matter. I wo ild rather not talk about it." Ambr«ee looked at ber wonderlngly. This was the first time alnoe their marriage that she had refused to tell him anything. He did not preaa the point, however. The matter in question might be some feminine frivolity, some business with dressmakers or milliners whloh it was no part of a husband a business to know. Later on In the evening his wife asked a question apropos to nothing. "Does Mr. Floreatan know Parispartua ltrly welll" Cyril answered her. *' He tells me that he knows Paris by heart, and all ber works and ways. He has lived here a good deal off and on, and now he has established bis pitd faUrre in the Champs Ely tdes, and means to winter here and summer at Fountainhead. You will have him for a neighbour, Daisy, I hope you are not going to make me jealous by taking too muoh notice of him." He spoke with the easy gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who la so secure in the possession of his sweethsart's affection that he can afford to make a jest of the possibilities whiub might alarm other meD. Daisy first Mashed, and then laughed at the suggestion. "Poor Mr. Floreatan 1'* ehe sighed, "no father or mother, no sister or brother I No body~tb be happy or unhappy about 1 What an empty life his'muBt be. " Oh, the fellow is luoby enough. He has a pretty old place and a good inoome. He is young and clever—and—well—yes—I suppose he ishandsome." Daisy offered no opinion. "Decidedly handsome," said Ambrose Ar den, looking np from the oheseboard at 'which he and bis wife were seated. Clara- hs.4 never tonoheda oard. slnoe the nightly rubber oame to an end with ber first bnsband's tragical death; bnt she played ohess nearly every evening with ber seoond husband, who was a fine player, and intensely enjoyed the game. His wiie played just well enough to make the game interesting, and then there was for him an unfailing delight in having her for bis antagonist; the delight of watching her thoughtful face, with the varying expression ss she deliberated upon her play; the delight of touching her hand now and then as it moved among the pieoes; the delight of hearing her low sweet voloe. This life oould give bimno greater joy than her (companionship. It hod been the end and aim of his existence for long and patient ye-— Mr*..Arden sent Flarestan a telegram next morning, eeking him to oall upon her as early ae he oonld before luncheon. Her husband was going to spend his morning at the sale of a famous library, sod ebe would be free to carry out an idea which she had enter tained since her meeting with Floreatan at the opera. Mr. Arden had not been gone more than a quarter of an hour before Floreatan waa announced. Cyril and Daiey were eight seeing, and Mrs. Arden was alone in the salon. She was Bitting near one of the windows, with her travelling desk on a table before her. 8he thanked Floreatan for his prompt attention to her request, and motioned him to a seat on the other side of the writing table. " I am going to ask sou to do mo a great favour, Mr. Ifloreetan/'abe said very seriously, " although our friendship has been eo inter rupted and so OBtual that I have hardly any claim upon you,". All that was ardent and frank and generoua in the man who affeoted ovniclsm was awakened by this depreoating appeal, and perhaps still more by the pathetio expression of the eoft hue! eyes and the faint tremu* lourntes of the lower Hp. "Yon have the strongest ol&im;," be answered eagerly. "There is nothing I would not do (to Bbow mysBlf worthy to be considered jour friend, li we have not seen very lunoh of eaoh other we - have at least been acquainted for a long time. I remember your daughter when ehe was almost a baby. I remember" He ohecked himself as he was approaching a theme that might pain her. " Yon remember my husband," ehe said interpreting his embarrassment. " It is of him I want to talk to yon. I think yon are gocd and trne, Mr. Florestan, and lam going to trnst von with the secrets of the dead. I am going to ehow you aome old letters letters written to my dear dead husband— which I wonld not show to any body in thii world u I did not hope that eoxie good, both satisfaction to me and to my daughter, might come ont of the light these letters oan give." " My dear Mrs. Arden, yon do not anrely hope that after all these years the murderer wiu be found through any olne that the past can afford I" " I don't know what I hope—bat I want to find a woman who loved my husband very tenderly and truly before ever I saw his faoe. She was a friendless girl in this oity, a girl who had to work for her living, bnt her letters are the outcome of a refined nature, and I feel a strange and malanoholy interest in her. My heart yearns towards the woman who loved my hasband in hisyonth, and who might have been hie wife but for difference of caste." "Did yonr husband tell yon abont this youtbid love affair?'' " He alluded to it laughingly once or twioe daring oar happy married life; but 1 knew nothing more than that he had onoe been in love with a Frenoh grisette, until the week before my aeoond marriage. I had a onriona fancy belore that great change in my life to go back upon the past." There was a grave regretfnlnese in her tone at this point wbloh was a revelation to Florestan. " And I occupied myself for a whole night, when every one else in the house had gone to bed. in looking over my husband's papers. I bad been through them more than onoe before, and had classified and arranged tbem aa well as I oould ; bnt I snppoee IwaB not very business like in my way of doing this. for among aome oommonplace letters from old college friends I fonnd a little packet of letters in a woman's hand, whioh I had overlooked before." She opened her desk as ehe spoke, and took ont a small packet of letters tied with a piece of red tape. There bad been no sentimental indulgence in the way of satin ribbon for. the milliner's poor little letters. The tape was faded ana old. and it was the same piece whioh Robert fiatrell's own hud had tied ronnd them.. " Please reed one or two of those letters, and tell me if they apeak to yonr heart aa they spoke to mine," she acid as she pat the packet into Floreaton'e hand. He untied the tape, conn ted the letters, - seven in all, and then began to read the letter of earUeataate. " Rne Chauve Sonris, Fanbonrg St. Antoiae. "9th May. " It was like a day spent in Heaven while we were together yesterday. I felt as if it was years and years rfnoe I had seen green field* and a river. Oh. the beautiful river, and the island where we dined. I did ^ot think there w»s anything to lovely within an honr'e journey from Paris. Ah, how good it was of yon to give a poor hard working girl io mnoh pleasure. I have been in Paris more than a year, and no one ever showed me a glimpse of green fields until yesterday My brother was too busy with his inventions, and there was no one else. I wonder at your goodness, that yon should take bo mnoh trouble for a poor girl; and that yon should not be ashamed to be seen with any one bo shabby and insignificant." Three other letters followed, telling the seme atory of a Sunday in the environs of Paris, of the woods and the river, and the rapture of being with him. Gradually the pen hand grown bolder, and it was of love the girl wrote to her lover—a humble, oon tiding, romantio girlish love, whioh took no thought for the morrow, asked no questions, suffered from no agonieB of doubt. She wrote as if her happiness were to know no ohange—as if those Sunday exonrsions to pleasant placeB wete to go on for ever. She told him now she had gone to mass before she met him at the railway station, or the steam boat pier, and how she had prayed for him at the altar. The later letters had a more serious tone, and breathed the fear that her dream most come to an end. " It has been like a dream to know yon and be loved by yon," she wrote; " bnt is the dream to end in darkness, and the long doll life that would be left for me if yon were to go away and forget me! I suppose it mnst be so. I- have been too happy to remember that such happiness could not last. Ton will go baok to yonr own aountry. and fall in love with a young English lady; and forget that you ever spent happy days on the Seine, lahghing and talking with your poor Toinette." "Sou will forget" the harbour on the ialand where we dined in the twilight, while mneio and ainging went past us in the boats, while we sat hidden behind vine leaves, and heard everything withont being seen. Ob, how sweet it was 1 I shall never see' any more stars like those that shone down upon us as we came from Marly one night sitting side by side on a bench on the roof of the train. I shall never see the river in Paris without thinking that it is the same river on whioh our boat has drifted, oh, so lszily, while we have talked and for gotten everything except our own faces and our own voices. All that was beautiful in the river and the landscape seemed not out tide us, but a part of ourselves and of our love." There was more in the same strain, bnt later the key changed to saddest minor. "I know yon cannot marry me; indeed, I never thought or hoped to be your wife. I only wanted onr love to go on as long as it could. I wanted it to go on for ever, asking no more than to see you now and then, once a week, once in a month even—ah, even once in a year! I could live all through a long dull year in the hope of seeing you for one blessed honr on New Year's Day. Is that too much to ask? Yon oannot guess how little would oontent me—anything except to lose you forever. The day that you say to i * Go me * Good-by, Toinette, we shell never meet again,' will be the day of my death. You are the better part of my life. I oannot live without yon. I think of you in every hour of the day. I think of yon with every atitoh my needle makes throngh the long hours in whioh I sit at work. The sprig of willow you Bloked When we were in the boat last Sunday i like a living thing to me—as precious as if It bad a stiul and could sympathise with me in my love and my. Borrow." Florestonrgad cn till the last word Jb'the last letter, \- "Do thoaa sad little letters touoh yon as they touched me ?" ashed Clara. " Yes, they are pretty little letters. They7 are foil of a tender, sentimental love whioh might mean much or little. There is no knowing how mneh reality there u in all this sentiment—women are aotreeees from their otadle. They can simulate everything-love or hate or pride or jealonay; nothing comes amies to them. But there is a pretty little air of eelf-abnegatlon in these letters whioh takes my fancy, inet as it took yoors. " I believe that the sentiment in them is real," eaid Clara, "and I want to know what became of this poor girl after the last letter was written. I want to know whether Bhe is living or dead. Remember, it was her name that was need to lore my husband to his death. There most have been some link between the murderer and that glrL" " Ah, I remember. There was a woman's name mentioned." " Yes, Colonel MaoDonald heard the name. It was Antoinette. He had heard my hus band speak of a grisette with whom he had once been in love." " Do yon think the girl was oonoemed in the mnrderf" " The girl who wrote those letters ? No, assuredly not." " There are women whose slighted love turns to remorseless bate," said Fiorestan. Not snoh a woman as the writer of those letters. She is so humble, so unselfish, she accepts her fate in advance. No, I am eure she la a good woman. I want to find her if I can, to help .her if she lapoor and friendless. I want to find her for her own aake; but still more for mine. She may be able to give the olae to the murderer. Her name was nBed as b lure, and, very few people oan have known that Robert over cared for that girl. The man who made that vile nee of her name must have known of that old love affair.. He may have been the brother of whom she writes." "My dear,Mrs. Arden, wonld it not be wiser—in your circumstances, with new ties —a husband who worships yon, a daughter who adores yon—would u not be wiser to draw a curtain over that dreadful scene in yonr life—that one terrible shook which you suffered eight years ago ?" *' I oannot! I cannot forget the man I loved with all my heart and strength," exclaimed Clera, passionately. "Do you think because I have married again that he is forgotten? Do you think I have forgotten his life whleb was bright and happy, so fail cf gladness for himself and others; or his miserable death 7 No, I have not forgotten 1 I have married a good man, wbom I honour and esteem. I am ae happy as the most devoted love oan make me, bnt I do not forget. Ever slnoe I found those letters I have been brooding over the possibility of the murderer being discovered by that woman's agenoy." " Do you think that if her brother was the murderer ehe wonld betray him "I think she would no more have forgiven his murderer than I have—even if he is her brothei." "But ehe would hardly put a rope ronnd his neok." " Perhaps not. Only find her for me It yon oan, Mr. Fiorestan, and I shall be deeply grateful. Yon who know Paris so well, and who are living hero, may hare opportuni ties." "If she Is to be found I will find her. But these letter* were written more than twelve yean ago, and the cleverest police-agent in Paris might fall In traoing her after Buoh an interval. Remember, we do not even know her surname. The letters have only one elg nattre—Tomette." " There ie the address of the honre in which the lived." " That i» the only olne. We mut begin npon that." " Ton are very good. Yon can understand perhaps, why I appeal to yon instead of tojmy husband. In the first plaoe he la a dreamer and thinker rather than a man of notion. He knows very little of Parisian life, and he wonld not know how to set to work. And in the seoond plaoe, it might wound him to knowthat my mind has been dwelling npon the past." " I understand perfeotly. I oonolnde that yon have told him nothing about these letters ?" •* Not a word." "There is one oironmatanoe conneoted with your husband's death whioh has always mystified me," said Floreatan after a thoughtful pause. "How came the mur derer, a foreigner and altogetherunoonneoted with your husband's life at LAmford, to be so well informed about his plans—to know that on suoh a day and at suoh an hour he would be on his way to LInooln'e Inn with a large sum of money upon his person ? The man's plans had evidently been made some days in advanoe—the lodging was taken with one deadly intent. The woman who acted as an accomplioe must have been taught her part in advanoe; the flight to the Kiviera with the money must have been deliberately tbouRht out, for there was not an hour lost' in the disposal of the noteB. A little hesita- I tion, a few hours' delay, and the polioe would have been able to track the plunder. Everything was arranged and oarried out with a diabolical precision whioh argues foreknowledge," "I have puzzled over the same question/ till my brain has reeled," answered Clara. " Someone must have given the information —one of our servants—a lawyer's olerk, perhaps. I dismissed every servant we had at that time, as soon as I recovered from my illness, i would not have anybody about me who might even unoonsoloualy have helped to bring about my husband's death. All our servants knew what, was going to happen. We talked of the purohase very often, and at dinner on the evening before Bobert went to London we disoussed his visit to the Bank and to the lawyers, and his appointment to lunoh with Colonel tlacDonald at the Club." "It is just possible that the murderer was in yonr house that evening, and that he got; every detail from one of your maid-servants. Women are snoh fools, and women of that class will believe everything that a smooth tongue tells them. It was the year after the war, a time when Loudon swarmed with exiled oommunists. It was possible that this girl's brother was among them, that he har boured an old grudge against her lover—that he took pains to find out all he oould about your husband's oiroumstances, and, hearing of tbepurobase-money whiobwas to be oarried ircm the Bank to the lawyer's office, conceived the desperate idea of a murder androbbery in broad daylight, in a home ■full of people. I take it that the police wonld make some investigations in your household, although the murder ooourred In Loudon 1" " I know very little of what happened at that time. I was too ill to be told anything that waa being done—and alter I reoovared I bad too great a borror of the past. I dared not to speak about my husband's death. Tears have 'brought oumness. I can think of ie-now—and reason about it—though I shall never understand why God has out short that happy life in so cruel a manner— I shall never understand the 'wisdom of my heavy chastisement." Florestan whs silent, pitying her with all his heart, bothfor the husband she had lost,: and for the hntband to whom she had given herself in a loveless onion. He tad seen enough of Ambrose Arden and his wife to divine that there was profound affeotlon on the husband's Bide, and on the wile's only the pensive submission of a woman who has given away her life in self-abnegation, pitying the pasBion whioh she cannot reoiprocate. Daisy and her betrothed oame into the room at this moment, she laden with bunoheB of white lilao and Mardohale Niel roses, as a tribute to her mother. It seemed to Florestan ae if Spring itself had ooms dano ing into the room incarnate in that graoeful figure In a cream-coloured frock and sailor hat, shining upon him out of those sunny hazel eyes, giving warmth and brightness to the atmosphere. She shook bands with Florestan in the friendliest way—too friendly to be flattering to a man who was aooustomed to exercise a somewhat disturbing Influence upon the other sex. Bnt a girl who is engaged to be married has sometimes no eyes for any man exoept her lover. Florestan nad experlenoed that kind of thingand be had experienced the other kind of thug from girls who are ever on the alert for fresh conquests, and who are only stimulated to audacity by the knowledge that they have scoured one man for their, bond-slave. Daisy had no bidden thoughts, she was just as simple and unaffected, just as nnoonsolous of her own oharma as she bad been four years ago when she was still a ohild, with all a ohild.s thoughts and pleasures. How different she was from the type of woman he had once compared to Dante's Beatrloe. with Petraroh'a Lanra; the splendid and grandiose among women, the Queen of Beauty in the World's Tournament, That magni ficent type had lost its faoination for him now. He stayed to lunoheon, half raluotantly, yet unable to resist his inclination to linger. Ambrose Arden came in from his book-Bale flushed with triumph. He had gratified desires of long-standing by the purohase of oertain first editions of Freuon olassioa— Villon. Bernard, Clement Marot. His son made light of the father's orazo for books with a oertain imprint. " What does it matter who printed a book, or where, or when," he oried. " The book is only a voice—the voice of the dead. It is a spiritual thing. It is the soul belonging to a body that has long been dust. How oan it matter what outward form the soul wears | —upon what kind of rags the divine speeoh baa been printed—what kind of leather keeps the book from falling to pieoes? I am amazed when I eeo people going into eestasles abont binding—exoept as furniture to brighten a room. For a book I really care about the outward form is of not the smallest aooount to me," "Von are young. Cyril," his father answered gently. " Youth bas the kernel of the nnt; age must be oontent with the husk. Old men have to invent pleasures and passions. There is so muoh they have left behind them for ever." "That is a very reasonable explanation of the oolleotor's mania, my dear father," answered Cyril, " but It is a great deal too early in the day for you to begin to meditate upon the consolations of old age. The sun of Jour life is still In the meridian, Daisy and are like the young birds, jnst peeping out of our nests at the rosy glow of dawn." . The River Lawn party left Paris two days after Clara's interview with Gilbert Flore stan, he seeing them off at the station, an attention whloh. to Cyril Arden, seemed somewhat superfluous. Superfluous also the tiosy of Mardchale Kiel rosea whioh FloresUn bended into the railway carriage after the Indiei h&d; taken their seat*. "Yen will have your own rosse to morrow," he eeld to tire. Arden, "and if they are not qnite bo fine aa these I daresay yon will like them better because they are home grown, I shall think of you all at River Lawn, and of my empty nonse close by," " Why don't yon come and fill it 7" asked Clara. 1 mean to do so before long. I ehall ' give np vagrant diplomaoy and settle down nail Berkshire sqnirc a small Berkshire squire. I begin to feel that I am not of the stuff which makes am bassadors, and thata roving liFe is all very well till a man approaches his thirtieth birthday, but begins to pall afterwards. My Paris ia as familiar as an old song—I know all her trioks and her manners." He shook hands with mother and daughter, said fgood-by, yet lingered and said good-by again when stern offioiala ordered him off. He loitered at the carriage-door till the very last moment. He sighed as he walked away from the ter minus, Bnd be was fnll of thought through all the dreary length of the Rue de Lafay ette. " Happy fellow, to be beginning life with sneh a girl as that for his companion," he mused, thinking of Cyril. " She is so gentle, yet so hold, eo fresh and frank and gay ana olever—a child in ignoranoe of all base things; a woman in power to understand and appre ciate all that ie great and noble. If ever I care again for womankind my love will be - just snoh a girl as that. I wonder if there are many such, and where they are to be found." He wondered too, though he scarcely shaped the thought whether il the world were rioh in girle ae innooent and aa bright, endowed with all the qualities that made Margaret Hatrell charming, he ehonld be attraoted to any other epeoimen of the kind ae he bad been attraoted to her. He won dered whether it might not be the individnal and not the type whioh had fascinated him. He pondered these questions as If in a pnrely speculative mood, but woe oarefal not to answer them. They were doubts whioh floated through his mind like oloudlets on a summer sky. And in hie mind there floated also the imege of a girl's face, fresh and fair, with no taint or tarniah of the world, no arti ficial embellishment of paint or powder, penoil or brush, upon it* pure young beauty. The image haunted him long after the train bad oarried Clara Arden and her daughter to Calais, long after they had Battled down qoietly at River Lawn. He did not forget the oommiasion wbioh Mrs. Arden had entrusted to him. He went to the Rue Cbauve Souris on the morning after that prolonged leave-taking at the station, and found the house whioh, if there had been no alteration In the numbering of the street within the last twelve years, must enoe have sheltered the girl who loved Robert HatreU. It was a narrow house, with a shoemaker'* shop on this ground floor, kept by one of those small traders who do more in the way of re pairing old boots and shoes than of selling new ones. These wee a aide door, which was open, and a narrow passage leading to a staircase, where there was just enough light to reveal the dirt and ahabbiuess of the walls, and the indications of poverty upon every landing. biorestan went to tne top ot tne .nouse without meeting anybody;. but heheard the voices of children upon the' first floor, k' domestlo quarrel upon the second, with voices raited to. their highest pitch In aooenta. of .reorlm {nation, and oh the top story a women wee tinging a .monotonone sentimen tal melody, In apparent nnoonioiontneae ot the strife below. It was evident there were separate households upon etch story. The king-song voice of the woman in the garret was so suggestive of a peaoefnl menage that Floresian took courage to knoek at her door, whioh was opened by the singer, a faded woman with a gentle, long-suffering oast of oonntenanoe, a washed-ont cotton gown, and a little cashmere shawl pinned across attenuated shoulders. A baby in a oradle in the oorner near the hearth aaconnted for the monotonone ohaunt whioh Florestan had hoard onteide. He apologised for his intrusion, and told her he wae In searoh of a woman who had lived in that honse twelve years before. Would she direot him to tho oldest inhabi tant of the house.!" "Youwon't have far to go to find her," answered the woman. "There's only one lodger who has been in this houee over two or three years, end I fanoy that one must have lived here ever einoe the taking of the Bas tille. bobody knows how old ehe is, bnt It wouldn't surprise me to be told the was a hundred. If the has sense enough or memory enough to answer your questions she ought to be able to tell you anything yon want to know about former lodgers." •' Who iB this person?'' " Madll. de Lafont, a pensioner of a noble ffcmily in Touraine. Uhe ia a distant relation of the Marquis de Lafont, who allows her a tiny pension. Her grandfather and grand mother were guillotined in '92, and her father wbb lefta helpless lad.in Paris. She will tell yon her story. - She loves to talk of her youth and. its dangers. And thongh she hae a very poor memory for events that happened yes terday. ehe remembers the smallest things connected with her ohildhood." " If that ie the oondition of her mind, ehe may have forgotten a lodger of a dozen years ago," suggested Gilbert. " I can't answer for that. I oan only tell yon that ehe mnBt have been in this house with your lodger. If you want to talk to her I oan take you down to ber room. She ie very poor, but ber room is always clean and j neat. She h&B; just strength enough left to attend to that, and when her eweeping and dneting are done ehe sits all day by the window rolling her thumbs and talking to her canary biro." " Poor old eonl 1 I feel Interested In her from yonr description, and shall be very muoh obliged if yon will introduoe me to her." 