In the March number of Macmillan’s Magazine is an article entitled “ Aus tralia from another point of view,” supposably written by a New Zealand colonist, who, as such, ought to know enough about his subject to write truthfully and intelligibly about it. The “other point of view” taken by the writer is in strong contrast to that from which the Australian colonies are usually regarded. Amongst colo nists themselves, and the bulk of their compatriots and creditors in the mother country, the common belief is that we are making enormous strides in social, commercial, and national develop ment, and that this phenomenal ad vance is ascribahle to an equally phenomenal aggregate of natural en dowments and resources. Like young heirs to a vast property we spend liberally on the strength of our patrimony, and also, like such heirs, make occasional and, it may be, serious mistakes. All the while, however, the solid fact remains that in the matter of our national debts we are scrupulously honest as becomes the offshoots of out sires, and that our financial blunders, whatever or wherever, are never per mitted to accumulate to such a degree as to in any way impeach the sound ness of the security offered to our national creditors. This being so, we feel that our eccentricities concern our selves alone. The writer in Macmillan’s Magazine thinks differently, and would fain per suade the British nation, and in par ticular the British investor in Austra lasian bonds, to think differently also. He argues that the real prosperity of the colonies and their value as dependencies or allies of the Imperial power, has been grossly overestimated. Twenty years since British statesmen regarded the Aus tralian provinces as troublesome step daughters of the Imperial mother; and anticipated with great equanimity the time when they would set up house for themselves. Latterly, however, this feeling has given way to a strong expression of attachment to the Greater Britain of the South. It is to be the young giant in whom the veteran sire will see his strength renewed. It is to be the El Dorado for the surplus population crowded out from the hives of labor in Great Britain, and it is to be—indeed is—the ever ready and safe resort of the capitalist who does not know what to do with his money. This, according to the article before us, is what the people in the old country think of us, and next we hear what our response has been. "Colonial folk" says the writer, “have a reputation, which is not undeserved, for seeing clearly what are their interests, and pursu ing them without scruple. They saw that the mother country was dis posed to make sacrifices to gain their favor, and they laid themselves out to gain as much as possible from her, giving in exchange effusive but inter mittent protestatious of attachment. With this obiect the Australian Govern ments have not hesitated to drag the Imperial Government into sundry quarrels, and, emboldened by their manoeuvres (for unfortunately they have in most cases, gained their point) seem inclined to assume to themselves a kind of dictatoratc over the Im perial policy.” Beyrout remarked about a fly in amber that it excited curiosity, “ not that the thing was either rich or rare, one wondered how the mischief it got there.” And so with the mendacious article before us, one need not wonder that there are here and there so-called citizens of Greater Britian who qualify for the position of political ravens by first of all disencumbering themselves of any slavish regard for truth or decency, but still one wonders how their croakings find their way into the columns of a respectable magazine. Some acknowledgment is, however, due to our anonymous critic for that he, like the clown in the “Midsummer Night’s Dream,” audibly proclaims that he is not Pyramis after all, but only Bottom, the weaver. Had he disguised his exuberant animus against Australian credit a little more cleverly his jeremiad might have done us some mischief. As it is the people who read Macmillan’s Magazine at either first or second hand will descry the actor behind the mask, and so no harm will be done. The prosperity of the Australian colonies is, says our amateur mentor, built on gold (a sound foundation surely), and propped by loans. “ There is no such thins,” says he, “ as steady progress. .Spasms of inflated speculation are followed by inevitable collapse, and the only remedy is anew loan to ease the crash, and keep the working man in good humor. . . . The privi lege of -lending them money is the one return Britain can expect from tire Australian colonies. They object to our emigrants, tax our manufactures, and try their best to embroil us with foreign powers. . . . It is time that Britain remembered that she is mortgagee as well as protectress, that the foolish course of conceding every thing to the colonies only because they choose to howl for it, should be abandoned once for all; and that any change in the colonial policy should be rather in the resumption than in the further relinquishment of our power over the Australian continent.” These be brave words, but unfortunately ulso extremely foolish and false ones. It does not matter whether the writer be a political fanatic or simply a false witness. He tumbles at once and headlong into the egregious blun der of assuming that occasional irregu larities or mistakes in the disposal of loan money is a matter which affects our national credit, or one which ought to be seriously regarded by those who buy our bonds. No one denies that we—including the whole Australian continent—are not at all times as pru dent as we might be in the spending of borrowed money. That is a matter which every province will have to regulate and settle for itself. But so long as the British bondholder has security many times over for cash ad vanced, he can look on with perfect equanimity even if we sometimes make ducks and drakes with a part of the money. The debate between Messrs George and TitEN'vrrn served its purpose, in that-it gave a large audience the satis faction of listening to a rhetorical com bat between two experts in the use of the necessary weapons. No one sup poses that, as a result of the debate, this or that fiscal policy would be shown to be all wrong. And very few, we imagine, expected to hear any thing very new advauced on either side. There are certain facts which must be admitted, and as to which no marked disagreement is possible. The general industrial position of any given community before and after any radical change in its fiscal policy may be ascertained with sufficient exactness. It is only when these undeniable facts are used for the support of certain theoretical principles that the difference and the trouble be gins. For example, both of the speakers on Monday evening regarded Victoria as being, on the whole, a thoroughly prosperous colony, more generally and soundly prosperous than it was, . say fifteen or twenty years ago. This Mr Trenwitii quoted as conclusive proof of the excellence of protection to native in dustry, as represented by heavy import duties on goods which can be produced or manufactured here. But nay, said Mr George, your colony has prospered because of its grand natural resources, of the intelligence and industry of its people, and because while you have stimulated all forms of industry by the large expenditure of borrowed money, the cost of production has been steadily falling through the introduction, wholesale, of highly perfected mechanical aids to rapid and excellent work. Your thriv ing condition cannot be denied; but allow me to tell you that you have prospered, not' by the aid of your fiscal policy, but in spite of it. And so the combatants rode round and round each other in a circle, but hardly once came within striking distance. For, in truth, the circles were highly concentric. Mr Trexwith measured political and fiscal principles by their present and local effect upon the Victorian working man. He would justify any credo which meant con stant employment and big pay. Mr Georges track was a much wider one. He declares himself a suc cessful seeker after political truth, and having found it, he will be faithful to it at all hazards. And that which is true, he thinks, whether in political or other matters, is always in the best sense of the word expedient also. If the adoption of his views would intro duce widespread commercial and in dustrial disorder, he would deploro the disorder, but still hold it a necessary prelude to a better state of things. Close contact be tween disputants occupying standpoints so widely apart there could not be. There would be many in the’ hall as there are many outside who will think Mr George had wholly the best of the verbal encounter. And there would also be many to regard Mr George as a political dreamer of dreams, and holding Mr Trexwitu’s creed to be the only one with any practical merit. The old question as to the desirability of handicapping the productions of the foreigner remains just where it was. At present the majority in Victoria think one way, and the majority in New South' Wales another. And it is not the abstract merit of a political creed, but the will of the majority, which rules. If the stories about Emin Pasha, as cabled to us, have any truth about them, the most charitable thing to think is that the white chief of Wade lai suffers from Africa on the brain, and that proofs of it are recognisable all along, from the time when he “ im plored” to be rescued, down to his very erratic and hesitant manner when re lief, organised at great cost, and in volving an incalculable amount of human effort and human suffering, was at last within his reach. It will seem strange that he should have lavished such affection and confidence on. a band of savages who well nigh managed the treacherous destruction of the whole expedition between Nyanza and the coast. But all is strange. His apparent uncertainty as to whether to remain behind, or ac company his rescuers to the coast, his hankering for return to the gloomy regions of Central Africa, almost so soon as he had reached a place of safety, his seeming desire . to . enter the service of Germany, his later appointment, and his still later repentance, all these are strange, but still thoroughly consistent with what we know about Emin Pasha’s words and deeds since Stanley got within speaking distance of him. It seems in truth a case of Africa on the brain. The cablegram in our issue of yester day, wherein official acknowledgment was made of Emin’s acceptance of the command of a German expedition, places that matter beyond doubt, and we must think as charitably as we can of one who proposes to devote to the service of our competitors, if not foes, in Africa the life and strength which the British nation with extraordinary effort, and by the aid of brilliant heroism, rescued from a position of extreme peril, sur rounded by barbarous enemies and the more dangerous treachery*of apparent friends. The traffic on the railways yesterday was heavy, must of the passengers being outward bound. AU tha trains leaving Ballarat were very largely patronised, and a number of residents who had spent their holidays else where returned. The traffic compared very favorably with that of last year on Easter Tuesday. The railway officials, under the control of Messrs Wills and Jones, ably backed up by Head-porters Martin and Harrington, were fully equal to nil the de mands made upon them. A meeting of the executive committee in connection with the Oddie reception was held yesterday at Craig's hotel, Cr Salter presiding. It was announced that the re spected pioneer would return to Ballarat on the 18th instant, and it was arranged that he bn cutertnined at a public banquet on the 22ud iust. A sub committee was appointed to meet Mr Oddie on his arrival at the Western railway station. The Mining Exchange re-opens this morn ing after the holidays. Very little business was done during the few days of adjourn ment, and it is not expected that there will beany considerable alteration in the pi ices of stocks since last Saturday’s market. Some of the brokers incline to think that business will now become a little livelier, but others poiut out that the heaviness of the call list to-day will probably be felt for a day or two. It hns been announced that a special meet ing of the Chalk’s Freehold Company is to be held in Ballarat to-day to consider as to the advisability of letting a portion of the mine on tribute. The result of the delibera tions ou the subject will no doubt be awaited with much interest. The Ballarat Fire Brigade were again suc cessful at the Daylesford sports yesterday, winiiing the hydrant race. This makes six Cist prizes secured by the brigade at the sportß. Fireman Reece represented the Ballarat brigade in the hydrant race yester day, and the work performed by him was loudly applauded. Rae, of the Kensington brigade, wus second, and Struck, of the Daylesford brigade, third. The local fire men returned to Ballarat yesterday, carrying their prizes. Fireman Reece appeared to be over-burdened by the immense cup which his brigade had won as a first prize in the ladder and hose race. The Adelaide express was 25 minutes late in reaching B illarat last night. The delay’ occurred through the extra traffic caused by the Bacchus Marsh races. The ordiuary train was nearly an hour late from the same cause. People very often have hard things to say regarding “John Chinaman.” It is, there fore, pleasing to hear of something being said in favor of the Mongolian. The other day a lady residing at Sebastopol made a purchase from a Celestial hawker of soft goods, and in payment tendered what she thought to be a £1 note. The Chinaman accepted the piece of paper as such, and gave the necessary change. Several days subsequently John discovered that he had a £5- note for which he could not account among his cash, nud remembering the Sebastopol transaction he called on his lady customer there anil enquired if she had missed “ a fiver.” I he lady looked in her moneybox and found that a £5 note which she had there was missing. John, when he heard this, Baiil “ you describe him, what bank him belong to.” In reply, the lady men tioned the bank, &c.;, and as the particulars were correct the Celestial handed over the £5 note. John would not accept any re ward, nor would he take money to pay the cost of the cab which he engaged to drive him to the borough. The weather yesterday was somewhat wintry, though not very cold. Rain set in very early in the morning, and continued throughout the day, though the downpour was not a very heavy oue. The monthly meeting of the general com mittee of the Orphan Asylum was held last night. Present—Messrs Glenn (president, in the chair), Fitzpatrick, Dyte, Scott, Josephs, Martin, Lakeland, and M'Kee. A letter was received from the secretary of the Eight Hours Demonstration, asking that the Asylum band might take part in the proces sion.—Granted. The following donations were acknowledged with thanks:—lion. J. P, Macpherson, £5 ss; South Melbourne Bowlers, £6; Mr A. Tankard, £5 s*; A. R., Napoleons, £5; Ballarat Trustees, &c.;, Com pany, in estate of H. Aiteheson, deceased, £24 Oi 5 i. House Committee's R-port.— There are 73 boys and 66 girls in the Asylum, all well. Tbs following tenders had been accepted : —Mr J. Fianklin, erection offence, gates, &c.; Messrs Hogan and O’Malley, trenching laud. The committee asked for authority to iuvite tenders for cutting, piling, and sheeting channel, and for repairs to dining hall. Recommending thanks to Messrs G. and J. Farmer for gift of large ham for late picnic. The report was adopted. Ac counts amounting to £259 6s 5d were passed for payment. Mr Scott reported that Mr Burrow, late sergeant-major iu the Militia, had offered to attend twice a week at the asylum for the purpose of drilling the child ren, free of cost. The offer was received J with thanks. The name of Mrs Macpherson was added to the list of benefactors on the tablets. The committee then adjourned. The enthusiasm with which the tailoresses aro taking up the idea of the union was shown by the fact that, in spito of the heavy rain that wns falling (which caused the laps ing of two meetings of males iu the hall, through want of quorums) there wns a large attendance at the ordinary meeting. The business transacted was merely routine, the matter of the dispute between the uniou and employers having been left unreservedly iii the hands of the conciliatory committee of the. Trades aud Labor Council. The banks will be re-opened to-day at the U3iml hour. Mary Sheehan, recently arrived from Gee long, was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Turpie and Dunn, J's.P., with stealing a jug, containing milk, from the hotel of Mr J. Maher, Grant street. Prisoner, who is the mother of four children, called at the hotel a few days ago and pur chased some beer. Before she left the bar the fire bells rang out, aud the laudlord went into the street to see where the fire was. Mary, however, remained, and during that brief absence of the licensee she pro ceeded to a back kitchen and annexed the jug. The article was subsequently missed, and on the police visiting the abode of the accused it was found in her possession. Yesterday the beuch showed au inclination to deal leniently in the case, but the woman created an uprm r in c >urr, and said she “didn’t care if she got 20 years.” The magistrates then sentenced the prisoner to 24 hours’ imprisonment for contempt of court, whereupon she exclaimed, “ Hold on until I come out of quod, and I’ll make it hot for me noble Mr Maher.” The noise became very loud, aud the bench abandoned their resolve to be lenient, aud sentenced Mrs Sheehan to oue month’s imprisonment. The accused was arrested by Constable Smith. The Brown Hill Wesleyan Church was crowded with local residents to wituess the marriage ceremony of Mr J. James, con tractor, to Lizzie, the second daughter of Mr Geo. Powell, a Ballarat colonist of 39 years. The bride was attired iu a handsome cashmere dress, and wore a wreath of orange blossoms, and was attended by five brides maids, namely, Misses Powell (4) and James, while Messrs James (.3) and Powell acted as groomsmen. The ceremony was performed by Rev. W. H. Tuckfield, and as the party left the church Mr Sage played the “ Wed ding inarch” on the organ. After a drive around the city the party returned to break fast at the schoolroum, to which upwards of 50 persons sat down. In the evening a large number of guests were entertained by •the bride’s parents, the visitors includiug ladies and gentlemen from various parts of the colony. The presents to the bride were very numerous and costly. A young man named William Brown died at the Hospital early yesterday morning from tetanus. The deceased, who lived with his pareuts off Windermere street, met with au accident some days since by which his flesh above the knee was torn. When Dr Jordan was called in on Saturday last, as the wound showefl no signs of healing, he observed symptoms of lock-jaw, ami advised the young man’s removal to the Hospital. This was done ou Sunday’, but despite the care and attention lie received at that insti tution Brown died as stated yesterday. Under the circumstances no enquiry will be necessary. The eccentric Cninese Ah Too was again before the Town Police Court yesterday to answer a charge of vagrancy. Accused appeared before the magistrates last week on a presentation of lunacy, but he was released on the production of a certificate which stated the case did not call for incarceration in a lunatic asylum. Ah Too, however, wants to be confined in gaol or some other Government establishment where meals are regularly dispensed, and where he will be sheltered from the cold blast of winter. Several times last week he intercepted and waylaid Sergennt Leverton in various parts of the town, saying —“ You lock me up, please; no more cousins, no more house, no more something to eat.” As enquiries showed that the man had no visible means'of support, he was arrested on Monday night on the charge of vagrancy’, and yesterday he was remanded until Thursday, when probably he will be sent to gaol for a lengthy term. Ah Too is the (individual who some months ago created a scare in a drive iu a Ballarat Eastmine by wildly crying that he had seen a ghost in the face of the drive. The news caused four other superstitious Mongolians to faint with fear, and it was ouly by cap sizing tubs of water on their prostrate forms that they were restored to consciousness. All Ton escaped to the surface by jumping on to a bucket of dirt as it was being pulled up wards. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—William Fraser, a boy 1.3 years of age, living at Ballan, sprained shoulder, the result of a fall from a ladder. William Glasson, a middle-aged man, residing at Redan, lacerated wound of the forearm, the result of a fall through a window. Some members of the larrikin community some time on Sunday or Monday jostled against the shutters over Mr M. Bloustein’s windows in Sturt street, with the result that several cruetstands and other heavy goods were thrown down nmong3t the jewellery and other articles. A fair amount of damage was caused thereby, to say nothing of the inconvenience. The damage was not discovered until yesterday, when the shop was opeued after the E ister holi days. It is intended to ask the insurance com panies interested to practically recognise the action of Mr J. Cahill, who on Saturday evening last, at considerable personal risk, prevented a conflagration at the warehouse of Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., Bridge street. Hail it not been for the promptitude dis played by Mr Cahill, who was burned iu extinguishing the 11 ones, the place and stock would probably have been consumed, and the companies would thou liuvo a heavy bill to pay. The streets of the city aud town presented their normal appearance on a rainy’ day yesterday. This was not'altogether due to the weather, but is partly owing to many who visited Ballarat for the Easter holidays having returned. Business was, us is usual after the holidays, very dull. At the City Police Court yesterday a young man named Timothy Brown was charged with playing an unlawful game at the Dowling Forest racecourse ou the pre vious day. The accused, who is well known to the police, said that lie was an honest, hard-working man, but Inspector Parkiuson forebore mentioning the fact that he had been sentenced to four years’ imprisonment for manslaughter. As it was, the bench lined him £5, or six weeks’ imprisonment in default. Messrs Fitzpatrick and Beaton, J’s.P., were the magistrates. The Bungareeshire Council hold their ad journed ordinary meeting to-day. Our Maryborough correspondent writing yesterday says :—“ A serious nccident hap pened to-day to a young mannam-d Michael Nicholas who was taking part in a Sunday school picnic at Majorca. While adjusting a swing from the limb of a tree he fell to the ground a distance of 15 or 16 feet and sustaiued internal injuries of a serious nature.” John Patterson, a farm laborer, who was arrested on the previous day at Miners’ Rest by Constable Fitzpatrick for the use of obscene language, appeared at the City Police Court yesterday to answer to the charges. He was fined 10<, but not being able to pay the money was sent to gaol for three days. Four young men on Monday afternoon behaved iu a most disorderly manner at the Soho hotel, Ballarat South. Fortunately Constable Curtaiu was near at hand, aud he arrested the offenders. One of them fought so hard that the constable had to allow him to escape. He, however, kept two of them, named James Halligan and John Edwards, and these two were charged at the City Police Court yesterday with threatening ] behaviour. Edwards, who had been before the court previously, was fined £2, or iu default a fortnight’s imprisonment; Hulligan, who had not previously been in the hands of the police, was fiued 10s, or three days’ im prisonment. The police kuoiv the names of the other two offenders, and they will be proceeded against in due course. Another pleasing event of Easter time took place on Monday afternoon last. When Mr James Hill, son of Mr J. Hill, a well known and much-respected resident of Carngham, was married to Miss E. Spargo, daughter of Mr John Spargo, who is well known and highly respected in the mining circles of this city. The ceremony was per formed by the Rev. J. B. Johnson, in pre sence of a large number of relations and friends, at the residence of the bride’s parents, corner of South and Ripon streets, The bride was beautifully attired in white nun’s veiling, and attended by the Misses Hill and Spargo (2), who were attired in cream. The father of the bride gave her away, and Mr John Spargo, jun., acted as groomsman. After the event the party partook of a sumptuous breakfast, and spent a pleasant afternoon and evening. Mr and Mrs James Hill (who received some beautiful presents) left for their home under a shower of rice and good wishes. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “On Easter Monday the Sunday-school children belonging to the local Wesleyan Church spent the day in the Ballarat Gardens, and were conveyed with their teachers, parents, and friends, to their desti- nation in two of Aisbett’.s coaches. They arrived shortly after 10. The weather was all that could be desired, and the day was j pleasantly occupied by the party in a variety of youthful sports. Twice during the day the children were regaled with an abund- j ance of tea, cakes, &c.;, provided in the most satisfactory manner by Mr Burge, of Ballarat. Shortly after 6 a start was made for home, where the party arrived safely about 8 o’clock greatly delighted with their day’s outing.” An accident, happily unattended with any serious results (writes our correspondent) happened to Mr Masson and party whilst returning home from the Carnghum races on Monday night. All went well until they reached that portion of the railway line which crosses the main Springdallah road, opposite Donovan’s residence, where the driver, instead of going through the cutting, got one wheel on the embankment and over turned the conveyance. Some of the occu pants were thrown clear, whilst others not so fortunate were underneath. Happily assistance was close at hand, and relieved them from their perilous position. All escaped with a severe shaking. At the Roman Catholic Church, Linton, on Tuesday, Miss Catherine Honora O’Beirne, eldest daughter of Mr H. O’Beirne, merchant, was married to Richard James Kennedy, son of Sergeant Kennedy, of Portland. The bride was very prettily attired in a dress of steel grey silk, with the usual veil. The attendant maids—Miss O'Beirne and Miss Kennedy—were dressed in pink nun’s veiling, which presented a most pleasing appearance. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Father Devine. After the ceremony a large number of friends of the bride and bridegroom were entertained at breakfast at the shire hall. The catering was in the hands of Mr McIntyre, of Ballarat, and was prepared iu his best style, which needs no comment. Dr Shuter, whose death was announced yesterday, was a prominent member of the Flemington and Kensington Branch of the A.N.A., as well as it medical officer. He took a deep interest in the welfare of the branch, and quite recently gave a prize for the best essay on the subject:—“How to make the branch popular.” It was at Flemington a few years ago he began the practice of his profession, and it was there he contracted the disease—typhoid—to which he succumbed. Last time he was out attending his patients at Newmarket the doctor complained that he had caught the influenza, but he then—about a fortnight since—appeared to have no notion that the most dread malady had marked him for its own. Dr Shuter, who was some years ago resident surgeon of the Creswick hospital, was a son of the well-known P. M., and at the time of his death was about 30 years of age and unmarried. A social in connection with the Grenville Blue Ribbon mission was Held at Grenville on Thursday last, and proved a great success, the school being crowded to excess. The first part of the programme consisted of a recitation by Mr Hain, “The lion in the way;" a song by Mr Crombie, “That’s where you make the mistake;” Mr Mankey gave a recitatiou,. “ The wallaby track;” and a dialogue, entitled “ What does it matter now I’m married,” in which Miss Hitchcock, j Miss M. Hitchcock, Messrs'J. C. Hitchcock and J. Crombie took part. Subsequently the ladies handed round the good things | provided. Mr M’lutyre, of Ballarat, was the caterer for the occasion. On resuming Miss Hutciien sang a solo, “Kilamey;” Miss Saunders, Miss Amy Saunders, uud Messrs Hain, C. Hitchcock, Moore, Dunstan, ami Willie Sauuders took part iu a dialogue, “A regular tartar;” Miss Crombie, a solo, “ Light of the world;” and Mr Sides gave a reading, which brought to a close a most en joyable entertaiumeut. _A concert aud dramatic entertainment, in aid of the Lcariuonth Temperance Hall, is announced to take place on Friday evening uexi, 11th iust., when it is hoped there will be a good attendance. It is proposed to make several necessary improvements iu the hall, but before doiug so the cnmmitl.ec are desirous of reducing the debt now standing. A fair house on Friday eveuiug will, it is thought, accomplish this end. The follow ing ladies and gentlemen have kindly con sented to give their services at the enter tainment:—Misses A. Thomas, A. Beseler, L. and N. Cowan, Jessie Blair, R. and K, M’heil, and S. and E. M’Glashati; Messrs G. Johnston, T. Carrack, D. M’Lellau, J. Galloway, and Dr Wickens. Tho entertain ment will couclude with a dance. During tlie past few days several melan choly accidents have occurred in the Teraug district. Mr lhomsoii, of Kcilambetc, aged S2, who generously donated £BOOO towards building anew Presbyterian Church at Terang, was driving a pair of flighty horses on Easter Monday, on the Mortlake road, when they bolted and capsized the buggy. From the injuries he received he succumbed yesterday morning. A man, named Patton, was tin own from his horse on the Noorat road on Saturday, aud killed. An inquest has been held, and a verdict returned of “died from dislocation of the neck.” Another sad occurrence is recorded. A man, the worse for drink, tried to walk across the rail of the bridge over the creek at Garvoc, but fell a distance of 35 feet. He wus seriously injured, nud it is believed his back is broken. Joseph Steele, of Waterloo, New South Wales, has been arrested on a charge of forging bank notes. When arrested, nearly 400 imitations were found ou him, all on the Joint Stock Bank, It is a mistake to imagine that tho in fluenza is extinct (says the Paris corres pondent of the Daily News, telegraphing on 27th February). Relapses have been numer ous since the wave of cold set in, which keeps Western France under snow. Tlie uuinb“r of deaths from pulmonary consump tion has risen from ISO, at which figure it stood last week, to 256. Influenza is re garded as the cause of this increase. The week’s mortality is altogether higher than the normal average. Referring to the debate on “ Freetrade and Protection,” between Mr Henry George and Mr Treiiwith, yesterday’s Argus sayp; “In tlie few instances iu which Mi Tren witli and Mr George really approached each other in the debate the audience was greatly entertained. Mr Trenwitli asserted that Protection reduced prices, but Mr George retorted that if tliat were so, if prices were not increased, why were draw backs allowed on goods exported, why did people smuggle, goods across the border. Mr Trenwitli then submitted that commodities were cheaper now than in 1865; Mr George made answer that they would be cheaper still if there were no import duties. Mr Tremvith claimed that protection had increased the wages of the worker, where upon Mr George submitted that, supposing that to be true, were tlie ivagesgood enough. There were loud cries of “ No, no.” “Then why do you stop at the protection yon have ? Why don’t you go on?” “So we will.” “ Very well then, see what yon will come to—see if wages become higher,” The in terjectors were silent. In every protected country in the world wages, he said, de clined, and with some fervor be directed attention to tlie facts that in protectionist Victoria miners labored for 30s a week oil the average, farm laborers for 20s a week and tucker, and 5000 able-bodied young men applied for 600 ‘billets’ in the Rail way Department at from 5s to 6s per day. Mr Troowith quoted statistics in support of his argument, but some.persistent iater ruptors compelled him to go further than he had intended, and he was confounded by his own figures. He was comparing the savings bank returns of Victoria with those of New South Wales in proof of the greater prosperity of our workers, and with great unction showed that in Victoria there were 247,425 depositors, and in New South Wales only 12S/297. ‘ But what is the total amount of deposits?’ cries a voice from the wilderness of heads. Mr Tienwith heeded not. ‘Give us the amount,’ re peated the voice and other voices. Still Mr Xreuwith was as one deaf. Again came the demand, and this time Mr Trcnwitli had to give the information, which was that tile sum total was upwards of £4,000,000 in each case, or, in other words, that for every 10s to the credit of a depositor in Victoria there were 20s to the credit of a depositor in the sister colony. The discomfiture of the speaker was complete.” At a Mormon convention held at toil, in New Zealand, fifteen elders who havv been securing converts to Mormonisin were present for the pm pose of comparing notes respecting the progress made in the different portions of New Zealand visited by them. The elders claim that there are 3500 Mor mons in New Zealand, and that last year 500 converts, mostly Alaories, were secured. The Postmaster- General of Queensland has refused to register the btock H'/iip, the freethinkers’ paper, as a newspaper for free transmission through the pest iu that colony. The marriage of Mr T. A'Beckett Weigall and MBs Hamilton, danghterof the Governor, was celebrated at St. David’s Church, Hobart, on Monday. The Bishop performed the ceremony, assisted by Dean Duudas and the Archdeacon of Hobart. The Governor gave away the bride. Henceforward Hansard (says an English paper) 'is to be a terror to evildoers—to those, that is, ivlio in Parliament speak at large. Appended to every speech will be a record of the number of minutes occupied in its delivery. Unfortunately, your ordinary member of Parliament is not readily shamed and there are some scores of members, who need not be too curiously particularised, who will glory in occupying as much time as possible. Eor the new regulation to become thoroughly popular some attractive induce ment seems to bo required. The Whips might, perhaps, learn a thing or two from the papers of the Tit Bits ciass. Let them offer a prize—say a month’s holiday from Westminster—lo the private member ou each side who spoke the least. This would act as a pair, and neither side would be damnified by the self control of its members. As for the gentlemen who do uot sp-ak at all, they already have their exceeding great reward. It is not for nothing that Holy Russia uses as au emblem a two-headed eagle, one head turned to the east, the other to tile west writes a London correspondent. It is mighty convenient to have one face for fussy benevo lent, easily shocked Europe,' and another for the stolid, uuwondering, much-enduring east. With the lips of your western face you may piofess your ardent desire to further works of philanthropy and benevo lence, and, above nil, to promote prison re form. To back your words witli deeds you may call a conference upon the subject at St. Petersburg, mid off-r a prize for the best essay upon John Howard’s services to humanity. Then, with the lips that carry j your voice, terrible, threatening, and omni potent, to the mo3t dreadful corners of the Northern East, where even frozen nature is kindlier than man, you ordain fetters, the knout, and unhesitating massacre for those who murmur. Tlio man nr woman who is suspected of having thought his thoughts is on the same footing as the assassin, the forger, or the malefactor whose crimes go nameless. And, as Mr George Reiman lias shown, by publishing the order under which the recent Siberian shootings and floggings took place—of such is the empire of the Czar. 