Ocean ' Reminiscences. I V'. -4:..- -// . _ v." Let ino rcoall. a trifling .incident of my | sbtp-board life, ' an experience ' Bmall and . brief, /indeed, bat vividly freeh and of clearest and keencstouilino in memory. Wo were on the Mozambique parallels, well to tbo eastwards; the weather hot, the sky cop- perien, ana tuo sea ci a sauowin oiuc, v/un a thick, alow flow of a swell as of tho water was heavy and sluggish with oil ; a weak breeze of wind blew off the port-quarters, ,witb a sort.of sting of heat in it, like the bite of the sun itself'; and tho Ship under all fitudding-sails on that uido went rolling for ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to tbe truoks with instioct ; and I vciy well remember tbo Blopping noise of the WAtcr as it fell from her bow liko flinging buoketfulR of liquid grease overboard. It was about two o'clock in tho altornoon, when tho thioknesB oyer tbe starboard bow died out aiong/' tho horizon there, and showed the eea-lino olenr to tho odgo of the' ocean, with a twisting and glancing of yel low Arcs in it from the sun,.aa though lines of moUcn brass were slowly sinking in it. It was then that a sail was made out some three points on the bow or thereabouts, ap parently a largo ship, showing to her eourses with her raizzen topmast .'gone, and the spankcr-geff naked, with Bome colors flying at it. As wo elowly roto her aho showed like a frigate upon the water, with her band of broken porte and her big wing of standing jib;&nd; l heard tlio captain tell the mate, alter tnking a long view cf her through a telesoope, that ho bclievrd she was cuali and ouch a ship, naming a well-known Induman of thoeodays. She was io distress, it was now gathered ; for it eeoms that she carried a brace of signal halliards at her gaff-end, on ono cf wblob was hcieicd tbe English ensigo, jack down, whilo on tbe other fluttered a tow ol banting out ol Msrryntt's Code, signifying that - there was serious sick ness on board. I can see that ship now as I saw her then; her . canvas had tho .whiteness of froth touohod by moonshine ; eho toss and fell very majestioaliy, her ports bristling and fading as she leaned to tho liuave of tbo waters. By tbo aid of tbegl'EB, which I furtively employed on tbo mate turning his back, 1 could distinctly inako out tbe white quarter-boats twinging at her davits, tho gleams off tbe glass of her large windows, tho hurried shadowing of her nails, as they BWUUIjlll UUUVll), UUUIIIU UP|B uvvvttug »u reds nnd nhlic. and blues ltoin tho pcik end. The helm of our ship was shifted for bcr, and wo cot ber right under our flying jibboom end. There was not enough yewo in tbo foot of tbo foresail to dirclaeo her from the poop ; and it being now four o'clock end my turn lo quit tbo dealt, I etrollcd for ward on to the forecactle to wntob the very noble picture on tho ecu lino, tbotwaa ren dered eignifionnt beyond expression by bcr appealing ooiors, and by tho mutilation of her abaft. A gronp of our Jnoks rtood against one of tbo catheads, gszing loo. 1 had not been looking abovo three minntes when one of them exclaimed in a hoarse voice : ' What, tbo blazes ! Is tbnt tboro muok a-drawing up around her, or is sbo n-dis. solving ?" " Tbo 1 Flying Dutchman,' or my eyes ain't mates I" laid a second man, in sub dued voica of mingled awo and astonish- mont. " Wntoh her a-dying out 1 Smite me, it mortial eyes over eea the liko of that afore." ., My gnze was upon tho' ship as tbo men Bpoke ; and, sure, enough, I observed her to be elowly melting out, not ae though a fog wars driving down upon ber, but aa a rain bow dies, tbo tints Bhining and fading and periebihg. In a few moments all was blank eea where she hnd been. There was. Bn expression of : dismay oh every wait-ridden, '.wbiske'red faoe I glanced at. Tbe captain, tbe mate, and a number of passengers wcro moving and mopping like goblins over tbe brasa rail at tbe break of tbe poop ih search of the amazing phantasm. It was, of courso, a mirage;; but it took all hands, from tbo skipper down to the cook's mate, some time to realisd it, eo marvellous bad been the illusion, so substantial to the vieidn that rolling and stately fabrio, so ex quisitely had the. painted mirrowing of bcr fitted tho line of the sea. With some fanoy that tbe real object could not bo far off, tbo captain continued to bead in the direotion in whieb'the mirage had shone until darkness dame when the ship was . brought to .ber courso atrfoh. A few days before we Bailed from Calcutta we got news of this phantom veeeel.. She bad been some leagnea below tbo horizon on wmon ner iiuenoes waB painted, eignalling for aesistanao to another sbip seven or eight miles distant from her. Had tbe quality of tbe atmoepbero remained as it was, by which I mean had tho mirage lin gered a while longer, no doubt we sbonld have brought tbo simulacrum of tbe other vojeol into view. .Thus if will bo seen tbnt ships as well as men have their ghosts. This rtoijls to' me another inoident, belonging, however, to no experiences of my own. It wee the chief mete of this same ehip from whoso deck wo sighted tbe mirage who told roe' the story. He was third mate of a very handsome clipper barque, bound to aNew Zoelund port,. Tha oaptain of her was a tall, anetere man, with a grizzly beard, and dneye of tile dead blaekncas of unpolisbed jet. Instead of spooking of bim aa the " old man,"' biB sailors oalled bim '.' the monk." He was exceedingly reserved, said little or nothing at tabla or on deck outside ouoh in structions ae ho bad to giro; yet, spite ol bis monastic or collegiate looko, which, might havo qualified bim to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's qnarter-deok, bo.was an excellent eailor, and a man of aonBidorablo refinement of spceob. Nothing particular occurred until thelittie barqae was drawing on to tha equator, when it was observed that tho oaptain grew rest- lees- Ho seemed unable to sleep ; through out tho niglit-watohes ho was inoeesantiy arriving on deck, nnd for a whole half-hour at a timo ha would etand right in front of fhe binnacle, obsonring it to the eight of tha man at the wheel, and keeping hie eye fixed npon the'oard with tho lifelesB air of a person noting in bis sleep. At noon ono day tbo lati tude wae found to he nbobi eix miles north. Thoro was a pleasant breczo blowing off the port beam, and the alipper bcol was inndo by the log to be Bliding through it at some eevon miles in tbe hour. Tho oeptaiD, putting down his Boxtant, walked aft to tho binnacle and e.tood boforo it, holding his watch in bis hand.' There was a light as ot lover in tho gaze he rooted upon tbo dial plato. Sud- utiuiy uu uuueu wu uuu «euona ma(0| woo una. obarRo: m "Hands to tbo port braoes; Get the yards trimmed for a weatorly coarse. Down be low." Tbo little ship o&mo; round with tha men- rounding in upon tho braooo too aBtoniebod to sing out. Tbe oaptain walked tfad dcok chafing hie bonds and ohuokllng. "Now, eir, wo have it," /be oried to tbe 'Booond mate-.- 11 Havo what, eir?" Baked tho natounded officer, , ; "The equator, sir," roared tbe oaptain. "The equator 7" oried tbe mate, looking round him, " Yea, sir, true as a hair by tbe magnetic bearings— a fore and a aft lino, sir. Keep to that course, d'ye bear. Not an inoh off to port or atarboard, or qniokor than you oan eay Jaok Robineon I'll blow your brains out I" Tbo eeooud mato, glanolng through. tbo ekylight, obeervod tbo chief officer in tbo cabin, nnd with a slight motion of bio bead summoned bim on deck, . Tbo man arrived, with a faoo of wonder, gazing : aloft and around, aud not a Httlo amazed to find tbo ehp bound to the oaatorn American boq- board instead of New Zealand. . " Thiu ls jto be an aobievement, sir," ebouled tbe oaptain -to him, " that'll rank mo (oromoHt amouget the meet famous men this century baa produced." Tbe mato viewed bim with a stupid look ofiotbrrogation/. " Sir," oried tho oaptain, approaching bim with an expression of ccstaoy on bis eingu. lar countenance, " tbo keel of this barque will be tbe first that ever ploughed tbo: line 'of the equator without a hair-breadth of 'de viation lor XOOO raifes at least ; and mark you tbip," bp oried, drawing himself oreot, and extending, hie olpnohed fist at tbo. mato, " if I oatob tho vessel's head off ber oonrso by tbo smallest fraotion of a point,'! will blow out tbe brainB of tho man who has'obargo of the deck at tbo time." Hoslipptd bis breast that the two inco might guets what he oonoealed there, and, piokiog up his sextant, etalkcd below. The unfortunate creature went entirely out of bitf mind that night, and tboy bad to pinion bim to prevent him from destroying himself, or dealing death to tho sbip by firing bor. lio died within, tbe week( raving maq, not a little to the relief of tbo mate?, who oould do nothing for Mm beyond eeeing him oarofully watohed. ' ' ' 