MOIRA. A.. Origigal Austillan Story.0 CiLAPTEIt XXl. (Contlered.) hMr. Bingham was as honorable a man as you'd drop across during the proverbial day'. walk. Bnt he did not consider that he ioldated any code of honor, when having comfortably -dined he withdrew to his Sanuggery, and, remeving the ivrmapdr,ojiened the parcel and set to work to read the contents of the papers. That these contents Swere most interesting may lie gathered from the circumstance that it was long'past midnight cre he laid dowrthoe last- of the papuersn:."" "W'ell," ho said, "this oartmoioses belief. That Damford ha"s bcnt a convict I was 'assured; but that arden tho fatler?of the young fellow I have learned to love almost an as ,,son ashould havk berin on also, seems edik bleYt h eoro in -hve prof-proof t.hat thes nare the men'whose lair acuisno escape from Mocquarie Harbor ewas the ?alk of the isaLndpwieen, I was .tataioed -there wvith my rregiment. Now what ait is to be done.- These papers, it is evident, were never intended by that un. luecky rascal to miet oilllal eye. The fellow erver counted upon his sadden removal from his sphoro of plo aid" mischiefi.:; I ?h~all keep thesa docaumets; fortho present'naitn sj rate, for though I sho?ld have no .coim punction in running Damfoid, I would not harm that fino. young fellow for a millioti. Great ?ieave??, upon what a volcano do some, of ns rest unconsciously I" '? teav~whilo, as though fate, were relentless .'in herpersecution of the iehoappy Damford, Mr. Blaghamn was placed in possession of other and still more startling iuformation. The woman who acted as his housekeeper, and whom I have referrede to as of esigular :ppearance, is dark and s?arthy, with masses of white hair and keen? black edyes, one morning eame to him. " Sir," askb said, ~'I anm avare that you .ere interested in. that strange death the 'other day of a Mr. Trill." .."Only so fair, \artha," interrupted. Mr. : Binham, i' that I thought it rather curious the boy' should have been :no alfectedI by smoking the biutt of a cigar the man threw "away. : That is so," said the woman'i with a ghost of a smile upon her face. "And I weats also curious on, that point.' I happen' to-hate eoan some strange things in my life, sir, and I am convinced that the cigar was poisoned. _Sir," she went on, ' here is a cigar, which, if y.ou 'suoked, wotild' send' you licnce ere m aornlag broke." ;''" p < a; Dingiam shrank back "Good God I aeomane gssed, "what d o 'y ou nm ?n ?" ' _ --- - ' ,'-., ' "Siinply this, that I know a womsan here i thelbou?,rse,; ho mlkei 'those' cigars. She i a Malay. I mlet her eso day. in the Fitzroy Gardens. Seeing my dark skin and foroign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad 'whe eh'e learned I ?a;oke Sponish, ,and that I was indeed a native of Spain. She \- asked me to visit her-she lives at" Carlton, Often, when I have leisure, I go to see her. We have brconm intimate.: Sir, when I heard of that:straige affair, I felt' convinced this woman-this Parquita-had a hand in it. I resolved to atscertain,. if possible, if my sunspicione wdre correct." - "And the result ?" cried Bingham ex ci:itedly. - S"Is here," and she placed the cigar on the table. ' I went to Parquita and told her I had anonemy whom rwished removed. Sihe -aked if this enemy were man'or wonan. . I told her' it , wasi a ila-my master. ' Does .- he smoke ?'. said she; ' He is alvays smoing,' I aneswered.. She ?vent to a cupboard and brought forth a small b~n. From this she teok this cigar. " LLot him smoke this, my friensd," she said, "and he will smoko no more, eL ?" I asked if she was sure, and if .tlero was no :danger of duiscovery. " None," she caid" ii'lesat" qsiet Why, -I have obliged many. Not losg ugos;I enabled a ricich getlemsn here to remone an enemy. It w:as funny, ins the newspapers to read ..Diablo I cannot read myself-the curious things that wevre aid; Then "ehe laughed, :nd aid that a'boy had picked np a piece of the cigar and that it nearly removed ,im also. Sir, is this not wonderful news " "Ye?n}-ill not breathie a whisper of this matter, wvoman;" said -ingham, 't to? any. ."Not a word, sir. It eras becaitse I knew you wished to know that I have sought to tascertain for you. Master, yon have bees Sgood to the poor convict woman, and she; eald lay doein her life to sire ysss " I b e l e e y o u , "ir t h a , ' _ a n s w er e d B r ig I?am geFtlydiand 'thanko:t '. What did yssou pay for this, weoman?"I ,Cp " She sousld-not take paj:' :She said she "wns rich -that the gentleman;sho spoke of "had long aloioed .her a liberal ;pestion. Master, it is very otrsnge-bhut my part is done. I *sn content if I have pleased "I . thank you," evas the: answer . '"And, "now pleao? leave me alone. Remember otlence." S-.The wonman left: the: moou. Binighim sat galg at Clnthe ctgar for full3 temn itintes. It ivwas:a large, dark eoidired Haanahh' ashaped faseinstes' himi·sh'Io old oca refsi from testsing its eucelienre, .iol tsrnred i over sni nl fingerirds thgrtm curiolty. .i"£o ;think thatC this harmnless looking lhe muttered.i -' And 8 .eit rcklesaoss 'of the iesomnas to gl?ed iti o isstrthal Throrlis but one'cosslsuilon- she does tot fearsnslysis. hut w?c s:all ce slthat 3t'Addam has to say aboiit it Arid if it he as I belloie, then my drity is clear. ied Arrdea shall never marry the LdaughtieC of im assassiilt."' '"OfAPTEB=Silmx Ml. nOTOUtAM's T' a.' "Ai well beat tho air, irrah! as hope to change his purpose." -Erey,,. Bhtgmham lost no time In visiting the leading analytical chemist of the 'day, a gentleman of an Intellectail cast of coun tenance, wearing his .black hair long to his shoulders, -and .altogether of eccentric character. He and the late Mr. Bleasdale wore .first friends, and It is questionable whether since their departure for the an known world, two men their equals in the science of chemistry have succeeded them. But alas! science and the worldly wisdom which is necessary to worldly success, do not always run together. Nciher MnacAdam nor Bleasdale was a mas to.push his fortunes. They were boas rrants, kindly, good-hearted respectable persons;'with a keen relish for a bottle of good wine, or a glass of whiskey punch' Bat as for" "raking in the dollars," as the lanleeiput it, they wereialtogether snfittedl to Zhontaskic "I wet this igar aalyd, MacA Hcda .afdili ingtum "'I have reasoss to ,elievoi It Ispoieoned r aPojiseon edI" choed the chemist.;.'-:. ". ,' and thlat there will he greatdi calty in ascertisining the. nature of the poison." S'Eiumph I" grumbled the chemist. " If there is poison in'that cigar, other than its natural nicotine, I'll fail itout by to-morrqse morting." '<I "A fee Mac, of itO, if youa do." - "~.Ia ha I" said the chemist. "Then this is something seriods.". ".Nothing mnore than bringingig home a murder to a man." " Well, it couldn't well be more serious. Leave the thing with me, and I'll do my best." On the follodwing nornin ing lam found the chemist still busy with his analysis. "This puzzle s ime , I confess," he said. "That the cigar is poisoned, I have good proof. Here are a rabbit and a dog that testify to the fact. They were operated upon last night. They died 'this morning in a profound sleep. It was not the nicotine that killed thems---I counteracted that. - Bul for the life of me L can't make out what poison residaes in the infernal thing., How the deuce did you come by it." "You remember that case of Trill's. , You analysed thde poor devil's` stoniach .you know." "Yes-yes. But there was no poison to be founld there. The' brain, I, remembear, 'was congested, as from the use of some narcotic. Did he mnioke one of these things ?" Dinghim nodded. "Tho poison, whatever it is, is vegetable. That is all I can say about it. I'll defy anybody to say iore." .'!Ye' yMtouicodld swear that by smoking Sch a cigara maen would meet his death. "Confidentiy. '"There.can be no doubt of it. But the poison is' unknownv to European science. I should judge it to be& of eastern origin. The 3Malays, and .Africans, we know possess knowledge of vegetable poisons which is not as yet ours.'. . "W'ell, I am so far' seatisied, Hoe. Hero is your cheque. Nay, nay, you have earned it. All I want now is a written report of your analysis, and its peculiar features and results.": The chemist readily complied, and Bing ham departed with the report in his pocket,' the chemist happy witha'cihelque.for £5I in' his.' "Now," muttered he, as he strode doewn the struct, " to humble the impostor." He went straight to the clhb where he was saur to find Damforl. The squistter weis seated at a table with several others, all of whom were discussing ia ineasure' which Aiden had given notice he meant to intro dnuce to the assembly. .'Bnin;Ihan took a seat close by :" Moo is it D iifoi'd," said 3Mr. -L'Tavish, "that ye and Arden have patched tip a peace or truce--which is it ?" " Well, you see, 3'Tavish," said Damford, " one can never forsee events My daughter has had the bad taste to fall in love with young Arden. I have nothing to say against the young'fellow. He is clover and prodisec well. But for all that he is a meotiber.of this club he is tainted swith his father's radicalism." " He writes most of those aiticles in the Periodl, shich cut us up. I know thlat," said a stoit, red-faced gentleman. i "And I don't think it the-thl ithig-yon kntow, for a "r'idical fellos to come liere :lid listen to our' views, and then flay us alive in that cursed democratic rag-by Geerge, I don't" ? 31'Tavish lauighed. . i" Hoot,,hoot men-a'?is fair in love and swar. The laddie is a fine' young feilow, and though he:comes here, he never stoops: tob hide his views from us. H o's joost "frank sid outspoken,s and I: like hii- , Ah' m I" anid Damford, " thtmay be so. But I had other vic?t- for my daughter." :".Oeose,s " runted Mt'Tavish, '' that's nmaistly the way. Ye Cainis' run agaiinst natuire famf "d.':" : iNo, isigled the other I?51 find that so. Lnd I tha.sto thank yo-iii ilgham, for this trouble., It wsi yoqu whob first introduaed the young peopleo to eac.othier' ,"I wase never more sorry for anything in n~iy life,' said Dinghasm gravely:' "Still I doin't ltiik there is much soe far: Young 'Arden must not mirry.this young lady.'! " ib" Eh ' ejaculated Damford, eetuning quickly in his chair. 5i Pra?.ivhist hare you to do viti thbe matter sir.' This 'islike your cursedimfpudhiace."'n lGive me ten miniits' coiivcrsation," said he, " iid I think I cruail sonvei you' I havre a very guod right to i fnicrere Ii.'this meattIr.: I I'verybody stured coughed, seted affeced thalt impossible ilodiferroce svltl hich 'Ioebplc seck to hIide their cirloesit?y. i?DUnmford gro deiadly pale, but iro?. ."You are:sicksis'g rIddles io site, 31 'I Bmslghema," d itu hc.4"I ialljihe? +dto ?in ra 'r~.ii~li:~ · ;tt*1'i somethtng explicit," and he moved away, motioning the other to follow. r " Aisly' deevil, that Bingham," saia 3['Tavish. He kens mair than a Highland seer, I Jalouse-at anyrate, aboot Dam ford." "Now, sir," said Bingham, as he and Damford entered a private room. "Sit dews, and run your eye over this report,' and ie laid the chemist's stateaent before him. Damford adjusted his spectaclee "with' a pitiable attempt to control his ogitation But, as he read on, he grew white, his tmeth chattered, and he rambled visibly. : "What--what has this to do with me ?" he presently stutteerd. .. ' " With such a cigar," saidBingham, coldly, "Trill was poisoned. You gave. him the. cigar-we have eovidenae of that. Yoai pro-' cureid that cigar from Panquita, a M3alay; woman, who lives at Carlton." "My God.!'" groamid h- un'ihappy man. "She is your pensioner," pursued Bingham relentlessly. '"That you had reasonsto desire Trill's death, I have abundant evi. denuce. I hold papers to prove that ho was aware you were an escaped 'convict,.ld fthat. he had traded upon that knowledge to mannke you introduce him in esciety, and further to anluese in his suit with. your' daughier Olive. Come; ?ir, do I hlold ll theu trumps, or not?". The sqtuatter did not- answer. Ie had. fallen back in his chair, his eyes were closed, his face drawn by his mental agony. - Iing" ham, at that moment, almost ,pited him. At last Damford spoke. ' "Supposing - oupgasig,", he said, in a strange hesitating way, " that'what yon say were tree. What then-what do you wish? to deliver me to justice ?" " Not if you comply-and promptly-with my terms.' . , " And what are they ?" " That you instantly leave the colony. You need take but little:time to do o--a foirtntglt shtuld tuflce. You must keep your purpose .secret, and leave without ann'nncement. with' your family .Hideo yourself anywhere-America should afford' you asylum. You are rich, and need have no fesr on that score. Buat if you persist in remaining here,; I pledge yom my 'word 'I shall denounce yon, both as an escaped convict and as .a murderer. As the for mer, I have known you for a' long time past." . , The squatter threw his arms upon the table, and bent his head uponr them. His gray hairs trailed.across this lingers, his form shivered. S' till:' Bitngham did not relent. "How you know," said Ite, "ivwhy I said that younig Arden shall not marry yqnr daughter." "Why ?" cried the other, soddeily-Arden himself." "I know," interrupted thieothet.? "Arden is also an escapediotlIcbt "c Wlie? 'you left him to die, he got away in an American whaler. Trill's papers on the subject are very complete and interesting, .. But there is a difference between an escaped convict and a cold-blooded murderer. I like "young ralenn-I shall make him my heir: with his father I have nothingaito do. But Ianm determined he shall not further sally his name by marrying the dauglhter. of?in assassin. Come sir, your answer. fDo ydn: accept my terms:?" : The squatter raised his .wan and haggard face-his eyes looked very auistful: "I accept your 'teoris.: You need not feartIn a fea? days I shall have departed for'ever,".'" 'Binghiam looked keenly ,into the other's face. Something In the mmn's voice and mainer aroused suspieiou." "You will leave Australia forever? Is that what you mean?" ' "Yes, .hthat is what I mean," said the othier. Au"aud noaw sir, I mast ask you to trust me. I shall make no further resistance tq y?i~ui wvishles:' I':hall cheerflly resign t?eo poition 1 have winl.heren and, tlie opes I entertained for the ad'vaicetuent of my family. I aant peace and rest, as yon say," and he smiled bitterly. "I am rich, and can purchase both." "'Very well," said Dinghamn, folding up the chemist's report, "that is satisfactory. I hope you may find rest and peace, and find forgiveness also from Heaven, for the crimes you'have committed; On my part and you knoaw yon can trist my word-I pledge myself to be as silent as the griave." " Aye l" said the squatter," as the grave," and he moved away., An astonishing chainge had come, to him. An hour before he was alert and quick of, movement. He moved now .feebly, and'awi't, the intertairn air of one who can harely'see his way. His form was bent, and he used his hands as though groping in the dark. Biagham watchedihim curiously. '!tHe is stricken hard," said 'he. ,'"Poor devil I his :tmeptation awas "great.:B'Dt he shall not thwart uliypurpoSs He mast go, and leave no sign whither he has gone." " CHAPTERr'XXIP. ±'. tI THE TOIL. AD II SPERnATI. '"What theni a In the dark h our of \- despir ahull puling coscience cheat .ius ? ;ay-tis he or I, and;one must The sqetater called ac? abanid ?asi driven to the top of Lygon street, Carlton, where he alighted. T hen by a circdbtous route hio reicied the woman Parrqitita' house. She ?ms viihinehand wclcomed iDamford with ai air of stirprise. *It WYas apt ofleCr she sa" her patron, a.' whe? hi. did visithur i'she natu rally eonclaudeded that bnelness wawnancant nokthant beliness .ith Iarqitna ualways took thestrjigic'form of'that? which had recently hera tiansus'ned ei.aween hrself anRd Damford. Cariolisly enough the rquuatter, despite; his etroaigehnrair cle, are'aogalarlyauperslitionue, and Pirquealt aaoig othler weird accomplish menitsJ professed the iart of reading the fiture. Sany- a utio Damfdiil had consulted hf' when about to,tako anrt it some speculation, and oddly enough, always witli proflit: It is htardly to be rvorlacik d at, that lie tiaild ao: ter?aih a res ro this aulab r wontln which was akin to awe. But upon this pre sent occasior;this feeling had yielded to the passioenate despair which had seized upon him, when Bingham revealed his knowledge of his past ded. 'fie noilcd not but think that Bingham had eceived his information from Parquita, not indeed, directly, but by some superior treacheryou the part of some one who had over-reached the Malay woman. . ' Parquita," he aid, "I am undone." ' Carramba ! what mean yo." " Then .h told her of his'tnterview with Bingham, onl the unsquetjodiable evidence that person possessed of the manner of Trill's death. The woman listened with glistening eyes and parted lips. '"Tell itef i0 oln edi, "This'lingham,1 s i itch?" -.'':". SDoes hi'ikh ?a mciny servantso "' "Yes, ho keeps a good house." A housekeeper-.al h.-onu no Tell mei qtuick." or A~- ?-'J ?. ?" . "Why yes,I think so. A curious sort of wvoman, I have hoeard. Spanish Gipsy." sA'Abh, etiimQy5 'lY 1ed the woman1 "miserable fool that loinam. Yes I se it all. I have beien rapleedP.arrcmb;a,but I shallLo ..o.ged,and yoou?you, my good true friend,. ehalt youyield to this man', threats? "I The squatter smilled sadly " "I hlive no ether ruosqrcey' henevnered:-c. It is certain that he ,olds ine iu his power. E'vcn. Ifho could not prove that I-that Trill died in that way, you know, he has other knowlolgg with whichl he rwould.rush mo?se ?. Thu woman, who was sitting on her hanm. ches, in Malay fashion, bent her face in her ands; and rocked"iossilf to and fre. Pro., eently shu sprang to her feet. "Tush I" she exclnimed. "You must net yield. .; What matters oliehnoru? It is. you: or he for it. We will kill him, Guilliamo, kill him 1" and she clenched her hands and stamped her nahed foot upon the floor. "Aye," said the squatter. "But how?'" : "IeHow easily. I have ,a dozen.cunning rays Guillilmo. See,' ind she 'weit to the cupboard'ani withd?a 'l iarAi'o.. From this she41tewyseverafli4Sý.' ""E?aeh'of These llttll fliottfl contains the power to kill a hundred men or women. Ahl it is we hho knoow Before a week has passed, my friend, my friend, see yon-that treacherous Spainard shall prove my words. And as for yq?rulgingh behold,1' and ,.he drew" from a vioal' small globule; trans parent, like a pearl." "See, sir,",e si criedl in a 'kind of cestacy, "this dropped into"a cup of wine or coffee,, dissolves instantly. Swallowed it worksu death sin a fer .minutes-lminless death." "Have yout nothing taiit kills instaritly, Parquita ?" asked Damford hoarsely. "Aye.. Thisaud she held up a small vial' filled with 'pink liquid." "BeholdJ. this, if applied to a man's nostrils when he sleeps, sends his soul forth in five seconds. It is so deadly, Guillamino, that ;'if a drop be si rikled.an'a 'rese, pndJ smell he perfume of he flowirer, you die within a minute." '!Give it to.me-Give ,tf'l e,"ieried 'Damford, "that is what I vwant~." "INay, let nme prove my words,"i and she left.the roomi returning, presently with a letter. 'See now-stand not near. This must be given at arm's length.. Behold I" She with droew the cork, from the ul0?' nd rapidly :passed tihE'llottle inder II Skitten's nose. The poor brute vhivered, became convulsed, and died. Parquita looked around trinmph: antly. 1 "See now, Gitilliamo. Shall you yield now without a struggle. PsbawR I' The squattor's eyes glittered. "?But liov-in what wa. shall" I?e able to administer this "terrible poioi. I haveno means of approaching Dingham." "Tot. Leave that to me.." Go home, dear friend. It is I who shall rescue you. Hial how clever these people are, eh?' ?'t dot \- clelver as the 3J4lagf?oi t. And yet why should I boast. I, who have so easily been trapped by that accursed Spainard, El uLialo! come, -my ifriend--some wine. Here is a rich 3taderia. Drink and laugh. What I shall these inebriates hound you to despair. Nay,not so,while Parquitalivesl" iShe pontedout a full tumbler of wine, and' the nquitteridrank "it'; olf 'srteeadied his. n;qrvs, which, in truth, ,lid beenw sadly shakn. Hei was no-trclly a bad man--he wras kindly at heart, and generousn. But good men often fall beneath the weight of eireumstances ; a flint i.which presents a. enrious problem to thoso coinfortable people ssho are always preaching personal res pionsibilty sand the lipý}dr' of all'mren to regulate their lives and actions. "Paquita," said he," give me some of these globules. They may be of use." She looked'ft'hifn sharply. " Youi ould have them'in case of failure, eh ? Then you would kill yourself." "I know'net. At any rate, i I should do so mad a" thins, it wlohidt~~d~e i ?lto die an aasydeah." " . ,. s ,: ,"" 'ihn looked.at him fixedly, for.-full'a. minute .Then. she ~ igddi?yp nankupon her knoes, and eeiring h hband preisod i .to her breast aildi lips." i..' ", '". " Gauilliamo," she cried, "owe are old -yet in my heart lmy young love lives.. Oh I I am withered now, and ugly. Yes, I know it. Btt my young s lovelives. .Promise me, promise me, that hot'iunless I-?fail shall you enomo to do that last dark thing. Promise 'Si elsi,' h cried, almost with iipatience and sspeaking in Spanisohi. !el do promise But if you should fall, yon know there is no hope for me-but tht. " " .El Diaubloe l' snaid' th woan, " so he it. I amu conltent, becaose I know. that I 'shill not fIal,>2 ee thie ?s?i rises on the bissed day of rest and worohip; . arram?it 'year I, lthbLitheltr of a thoalsaand sesrets of life and death.h See COiillisoo.XYot ksng? P can read of the byond. , It i~'se. .It Iis given to hie to'do so. Myly.PolIe for sos hIi?leUed years barse 1iocllfsdk maugc iie'ldld I With a dramatic gesture, the woman drew aside a ctirtain and revealed a mirror. She lighted two lamps on.either side.: Thea she swiftly ignited some substance in a brazier, and the room. was instantly filled with ;a cloud of amroialtc smoke. "Look at.the mirror, Guilliamo !" cried the Malay- The squatter did so, fearfully. As he gazed, "he saws-or' thought he saw-a shadowy picture. A man lay on a bed asleep, a night lamp on a table by thde bedside. The face was Bingham's. Presently a dark form, crept towards the bed, with the stealthy noiseless step of a. panther.. The face, half hidden by a oshewl reveale? the fe:itures of Parquita..She .crept close to the sleeping man, rand ,taking from her bosom a vial, withdrew.the stopper, and rapidly placed the open bottle benea.th the, man's nostrits. The squatier marked how instantly the face became rigid ; how a quick spasm convulsed the form:: how the ja's sdropped apart, and the eyes, opening ?wide, were llxed in the stare oi death --The woman re-stopped the vial, and returiied it to her bosom. Then she took the lamp anid sought for a bunch of keys in the man's clothing. She found.them, and noiselessly opened a -cabiiet, aud took therefrom.a.mass of. papers, at which she gazed stupidly. "AAh ! cried l?arquita, at this point. "SYes see, I cannot read-maladetto ! Theo paplers are enlosed in a stout blue israpper,/ gasped the osquatter, "and in a corner, is a cross in read ink" B'.7eno" -then I shall know. bow Guilliamo, do you doubt of my success." " I believe Piirquita, that you are in league with Satan himself, was the answer, .as Damford wipedr the sweat from his brow. The wonman laughed. "And if so, a?i;yo,"i se answered " why all the better for'yon, Who should better help us in evil doifng than the Prince of Evil him self, oh? But rest you content. I do not fear, for I,havoe iever failed, and Ihave a per ,ieiLmaltat-to settlhei that-house.. Garamba that accursed gipsy shall die the death, even as her master does." tSL?tAo a he must diealso. For if she lives, eiae kiii have much to say that witl renderher master's death 'useless to s. But Parqtita, how do you hope to get access to the house." . "Nay,heed not that. I shall find my way, doubt it not. And now go, my friend, and be varyy.:.Go not through the front way. Who knovus irsho may be watching. You can find your-iay by .the lnnoethat runs from the back of the house, Oh i eware of..treachery. It Would undo as indeed, if it were known that yo lhad visited me. Come." . With this she led the way down soite narrow stiirdeinto a sort of kitchen. A fire was burn ing in the grate, and..ann'old woinan, of the Malay type sat before it. Her, eyes glowed through tle gloo.m a"sbrightly as the coals in itegrate . "Hush mitdre mia 'es' It is. He is in danger: Pray to the Holy mother for safety. It iys my siother, Guilliamo-who everyday 0ray1 to Heaven for you." ": "Forme I" cried the squatter bitterly." Alas ! her prayers areijseeess." " a~saiot so," said the other gravely,"' ifor ?ie 'ei.iis just,: id knowvs how'you have been tried. :'Fear not. You have done well not.lll Fisrebwell." She seired his hand 'gain, pressed it to her bosom,.and pushLed him gently through the gate. He groiredi hiaw y npaInfully down the dark;and noisome ally,a ndl presently emerged iipona bhyc treet- Thence he found hid wiay into a main thorooglare. l' waeanearly dark ere ho ieuiched teaoin, and he did. not fear that he had been observed. Arriving at hiS house, he fouind his family writing dinier for liiiu hiil that Ned Arden wss a visitor. He received the young man with marked kindness. It soothed his woun ded! pride, to have this feeling towards one in whose cause Bingham was puresing his relentless course, and to prevent whose undioi with Damford's'daughter he had amnlouncesl his fixed purpose. Ned himself, threw ott the uncomfortablo feelings which even oppressed bhin,, since his conversation with Bingham, shen inthecompany of pamford. -His spirits rose~I"He Spoke well and wittily, and after dinner, played and saig, and told good stories, with such skill, feeling and animation, that even Damford half forgot his dark troubles and the ladies were in high delight.' - "A fine young man,' said Damford when Nedleftt "I. or'tfwyonder Laura, that you have lost your heart to him. And yet-I know not why-Ifeoar'disaster, if you marry " Let it came father,' ried the girl.. " We can.face it." . . _ "Ab. poor girl, poor girl," muttered her farther absently, "how little you know what you are saying. UAoHTER XXV. A PATAL NOIGtT. -." ' Who knovwseth what theostars see ? Since Mr. Diver had ;hanided over the im portant paper wsshibcl~h ? id?secred from the effects of his late friend and imployer, Mr. Porter had'displayed great consideration for that gentleman. -It 'as of a magnificent order, partaiking largely of the superior beu;dvolence of ones who condeoceods to patro nise a being of much inferior type. Dut iMr Diver was grateful. Mr Porter'slofty friend. ship so far restored his social position, that he was permitted to take ipart in the convivi alities which rightly took place at the'! "WoTm. bat."- Itis'true ail I have said, that the com pnii . longer rearded Mr Divers with. the rpe, which, upon his just introduction to the society, they hau been disposed to naccord him -lter. Portcr's bitter denunetattoi of his ebiatwhile rival as i? ge~tleinii who had paid ido ,t;liltyi"t'n that laid of penaltiesl , now b• ii.as Tasiifi,;i; w?as noit forgottet, and ii i.s lopeless forlr.e Diver to hope to re gain:his former tprestige. tlecegnising this, lhe hnitlb?: shelteredhimself under Mr. Por ter', icinga -hfulery sahich soothed and brbade,;ed that personage's aibenovolence, and filaI~j oi~'i~~i, t'The-role of a lro0i tor and piatro oi'fris Mer. Diver. Naturallyý the two men became confidential. They exchanged many opinions upon the subject of Mr. Trill's mysterious demise, and "Yon see," said Diver. UJemmy-that's Trill you know, had this chap under his heel. He told me enough, annd.I learned enough to know that. He 'made this here Damford in terdooce-him everywhereto Govermenti onse if you'please. ILa, ha ha was a oner out Jemmy- that is Trill, a real, upstraight, downright fly un, Itcan tell you. And what does he want, dye think of Damford. Why nothin less than his daughter-his youngest daughter. Now that must have made .the gent wild-specially as I hardly think the young woman 'd care much focJemmy. He pursuing the matter further, arrived at a pretty good conception of the truth, that Damford knew more about it than the public generally supposed. wasn't very handsome, was he Mr. Porter." "Like a sign post with n prize turnipotuck on the top," responded Mr. Porter, senten tidusly." 'Iandsonle ! Oh lord-not by no means. But he'd cheek cniough,as I've heard to do without being handsomen... I was read ing of a cove the other day, named Jack Wilks,,a cov, as ugly ns sal, with ta equints and anface like one o' them fountain heads in the gardotis. Well, would you believe it, 'his cheek wus that great thathe used to walk past' the swellcst, nmost handsome gents in, London, with the ladies, and:says he one day, give me half an hour's start, and I'll take any gal from the handsomest man in England. And lor I bless you Diver, he. was right. 'Taint looks the creeturs like, its audacity, pluck, check-a face as is alwnys on the grin, and a heye as is always on the wink." "Alh Mr. Porter," said Mr. Diver, "its all very well for you to talk. Yon've got the mannor, the lecooliar attraction of address and a certain dignity as fixes 'emn right away." "Well," said Mr. Porter, "it may be so. I've met many fine women in my time, and never yet met one as was proof against my addresses. But, as you wero saying, there's no doubt this hero Damford gavb Trill that cigar. That cigar it was as fixed him. Why itis as plain as a pikestaff. If not, why was it that the Spinner-that anointed young villian Bingham keeps (God knows what for) in the house-was took so ibd after smokin' the butt." "To be slre, to be sure. It's a plain, as yon say, as a pikestaff." "But Bingham is on the trial," said Mr. Porter, "and when he gets a scent of any thing, he don't get off it until he runs down the quarry. He has a down upon that there Damford, and is real mad that young Arden's gain' to marry his eldest daughter. I heard them, of cause, I'd scorn to listen having quite a row about it the other evening, and I heard quite enough know that Damford came from over the water. I don't want to hurt your feelings Diver, but I will say that it aint over and ahbove lifficult to spot a cove as has done his lagging I find it easy enough, having so .many canary birds in my time when I was in the army, and Bingham's own man in the regiment. For instance (don't he offended-DivcrI:spotted you, justas I set eyes on you. .Yoe'll own it wars your own fault I let.the cat out of the bag." "Yes, yes, I own it. I ought to have been more respectful." "Well, it don't matter Diver," said the other." You have slhown your contrition in a very handsome way, and may always de pend on my friendship and countenance. And that reminds mne-what are you going to do now. .On the look oti for a place ?" "WVhy no Mr. Porter. The fact is I've a goodish sum of tnoney, made on the diggices. I shall go into some sort of a business, I dare say. But I aint inno hurry." "Ahem I" scaid 3Jr. Porter,clnpon whom this statement had a marked effect. "I'm glad to hear Diver that you are in good cnse. I shall ie happy to give yone the advice of experi ence, whec, you feel disposed to invcst.yocr capital. I don't supposc-he: he! its a million, but whateverit is." "Over £S70S0 Sir." " Bless us all I you don'tsay so. Why Mr. Diver, that is a comfortable sum, a very comfortable sum. I really am most gratified that circumstanceas should have been such as to bring about a reconciliation between us. Sir allow me-shake hands on it, and have a gin." Mr. Diver expressed his great gratification at these evidences of Mr. Porter's good will, and remarked that when he had concluded to embark his money in business he should not fail to consult his friend-Mr. Porter would allow him to call him his friend upon the subject.: "For t'n like c. child-a hinocent babe sir in such matters," continued Mr. Diver confidentially, and yet with a sly wink at his inner consciousness. "But it is twelve o'clock. May I have the pleasure of ac companying you'on your way home? " "To be sure Diver, to be sure," said Mr. Porter rising and buttoning his coat. "Your way lies my way ; madam," to the cwidow, "good night and pleasant dreams." "Good night, Mr. Porter. Good night, Mr. Diver," and to the latter's astonishment, the widow extended her hand' with, a smile. "IIe took it respeitfully, gently pressed it, sighed, .and folloswed Mr.g Bingham's confi dential servant. " That's a remarkabte fine .woman, Diver," said Mr. Porter, "and I mean to make her Mrs. Porter after I'm six months .older." "I give you joy,sir," was the answer, and then Mr. Diver.. rememnbered. Madam's unexpected smile, and the gentle pressure of her hand. e' You shall be best man, Diver, and there shall ailways be a cozy corcer in our parlour for you whene you choose to visit us." " Ah I your real kind Mr;i Porter," a'id the other. " l're seen rocgh timces, Mr. Porter, and thought I wvas hardened cgin sentiment. Dnt when I hear you speaking like that, l feel so soft-as soft-as a feather pillar." 'teanohilo, the widow having closed her dooers, sat down toea cosysuppcr. And ashe discussed this, she seemed to be buried in some 'deeier thought thni the mcritn of the wast potatoes and cold chieix which fnvored repast might have called forth. " Seven thousand pounds," she murmured. "l That's a fine sum. Aind he is younger, and obetter looking than Porter, who is in truth a pomponsedonkey. Not that I .should, care about that. I'd soon knock that out of him. Bnt £7000 I nccd what does it matter after all if he has comne 'from over the water : MCany a good manc has beec sent there. And he semas good tempered, nad kind. .Yes, Ithink that PII thcrov over P?oytcr, and go in for the .oI00"' Little dreaming that the widow had over heard the'conversation, in the coorse of which Mr. Diver had stated the amount of his monoe tary resources,the two made theirwaytowards Mr. Bingham's house. Arrived at the gate, they stood for a few moments in final con versation. Mr. Diver happening to look to wards the house remarked the faint reflection of a light. "Your boss aint gone to bed yet," he' said. "What !" cried the other. "Ho always goes to bed at ten o'clock, 'cept when there's company. And there aint none to-night. "Well-see there's a light." "So there is," said Mr Porter. "Hulloa ! hold on Diver. May be its thieves,thatlights in ,the front parlor. You just stop,here, while I go round. Eh! why d--n it, there's the light iu Bingham's room,".and with the activity of a young man, Mr. Porter ran rounnd the garden walk to tho rear of the cottage. As he did so, Diver marked the shadow of a form-he judged a.woman pictured against the window blind. "Ha I" he said, with a chuckle. "1 see how it is. They're all the same Cupid and Venus, Cupid and Venus--ulloa ! what's that I" CIHAPTEIt - XXVI. tOILEl. " Why this is cruel! When ven geance was mine own, my arm was parslyzed." Mr. Diver's exclamation was callad forth by the reflection of another figure against the window blind. He saw the shadbws then of two forms struggling. Then a shriek, then the hoarse cries of men. And then the front door was opened suddenly. "Diver!" . "Mulloa l" " Run for a policeman. Quick. 1've got a she devil here, ,and it 'II take all our time to hold her." Mr. Diver ran towards the Toorak Road as swiftly as possible, and had the good fortune to meet a policeman at the corner of the street, "You're wanted," said he breathlessly. "AAm I," said the policeman, "and who wants me?" "There's murder, robbery, or somethin' of the sort tp at Mr. Bingham's house on the hill. Come on." "Hook it now me friend," said the policeman. "Don't be in such a moighty flurry, Take it aisy. If its murther, why then there's no hurry; if its robbery, there's no hurry." "lBut there is. They've got the woman. "The woman I" echoed the policeman, slowly proceeding up the street, "Ah thin, if there's a woman in it, there's miscoief av coorse. Mr. Dingham's-VWell, t know him-a daceent man." By this time they had arrived. The front door was open. In the passage all the domestics had gathered. "Clear the way, there" said Mr. Porter. "Get into the kitchen. You, Martha, stay here please. How, policeman, follow me." With this Mr. Porter, who now exhibited a more portentious air -of importance threw open the parlor door, and passing through the apartient, led the way into Mr. Bing ham's sleeping apartment. Mr. Diver fol lowed close, and this is what he saw. Mr. Bingham habited in a dressing gown,. sat in an arm chair. He leaked pale, uad as though dozed, his eyes fixed upon the form of a woman, who lay upon the bed, bound fast with cords. The window was thrown open: yet in the apartment a peculiar heavy order was perceptible, which, upon' the entry of the men, seemed to affect the sensibly. "What's the matter here," asked the policeman with the air and in the tone of authority. "Attempt to rob nmy master" returned Mr. Porter." I happened to come home just in time. That woman there was just in the act of sticking something under the nose of my nmaster. I knocked the bottle out of her hand-you can smell the stut." "Begorra I can." " Lthrew her down, and dashed the windows open. Then I had a tussle. Shed the strength of a man, and fought, and bit and snatched like a wildcat. Mr. Bingham therefor stupid like, I could give little 'elp. Howsoever the noise we made brought the housekeeper in. When that shedevil saw her, she seemed to get double strength. It was ten minutes before we overcame and tied her. And then didn't she let out at the housekeeper, spat at her, swore at her (I guess) insome outlandish lingo. And Martha, she said quickly. "I expected this," at which the other ground her teeth, andcursed in real double barrel fashion. ' That's all. And now Mr. Policeman,;take her away." (To be Constinted.) 