(Ehraxh uf €ngknb JMrattmblg. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. The Bishop of Melbourne (president) took the chair at 4 o'clock, at Trinity- hall, Clarendon-street, East Melbourne, and prayers were read by the Rev. Canon Goodman. THE ANNUAL ADDRESS. The President delivered the annual address to the members of the Assembly. The address was as follows : — My Brethren of the Clergy and of the Laitv. — Most heartilv do I bid you welcome to this the first session of the eleventh Assembly of the Church of England in the Diocese of Mel bourne, believing as I do that, with the divine blessing, the triennial period on which we this day enter will be signalised by special ventures for God, and for His Church — ventures put forth liy warm -hearts, and sustained by willing and liberal hands, resolved upon the enlargement of our Redeemer's kingdom, and upon a holy crusade against the empire of sin and Satan. PKOGRESS OF THE CATHEDRAL. The past year has been a season of expectation. -Bright visions of the future have passed before us. The interior of ? our cathedral has been growing in . beauty and grandeur day by day, as the promised gifts of those who love it have found each its appointed place ; and, in anticipation of its being consecrated on January 22, the laity of the diocese have kindly presented to its bishops, present and to come, a pastoral staff, bearing a figure of the great apostle to whom the cathedral is dedicated, and to whom the Church owes those inspiring words, -' Forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are be fore.' An article on the restoration of St. Saviour's, South wark, in the April number of the Quarterly Review observes that ' it is now a common place of Church opinion, that the proper work of a cathedral is not merely to present a dignified ideal of worship, but also to strengthen weak places, to revive flagging energies, and generally to impart vigour and life to the diocese.' Owing to the scantiness of our resources in men and means we may seem at present to be far from realis ing this noble ideal, but I desire that it may never be absent from our thoughts as the goal to be attained. We shall not be able to justify the expenditure of £100,000 upon this one building if it is regarded as only one more church of superior size and dignity, added to the churches of Melbourne. Our people must be taught that the Cathedral is not simply a fine structure, or even a school of sacred music, but that it is also a diocesan institution ; that, as the centre of unity, jits tendency is to lireak down parochial selfishness, and bind the parishes together as an organic whole. The great dio cesan societies, such as the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, the Sunday-school Association, and the Girl's Friendly Society, will, I trust, hold their annual solemn services in the Cathedral. Owing to satisfactory arrangements made for the maintenance of the services, I trust that the Cathedral will be raised above the necessity of seeking the aid of seat rents, and that I may adopt the words of Bishop Short -when anticipating the completion of his cathedral at Adelaide — ' The seats will be unappropriated and unlet, all who will may enter, and all freely woi- ship, high and low, rich and poor, one with another. It is the mother church of the whole diocese, in which every member has a right and and an interest.', It may be practicable at some future time for. the Bishop to form a greater chapter with the object of connecting the parochial clergy more closely with the Cathedral Church, one of their duties being to preach at least once in the year in the Cathedral Church when duly ' summoned. At any rate I hope that the Cathedral pulpit will verify the remark made by my predecessor at the lay ing of the first stone 10 years ago — that there is a generally unsuspected use in a large building ; it helps to make good preachers. The members of the assembly will not forget that the day of consecration will be Thursday, January 22, if the Lord will, in order that the Feast of the Conver sion of St. Paul, to whom the Cathedral is dedicated, and which will fall on the following Sunday, may be included in the octave. They will also be glad to learn that already nine bishops have promised to take part in the service. THE WORK OF CHURCH EXTENSION. But important as the Cathedral undoubtedly is to the strengthening and consolidation of church work in the dio cese and to the perfection of our ecclesiastical machinery, we have in hand another enterprise still more urgent, more lofty in its aims, and more far-reaching in its issues. The nature and compass of this enterprise will be best under stood by a careful study of the report of the church exten tension committee for Melbourne and its suburbs which will be placed in your hands. Those members who had seats in the last assembly will not have forgotten the enthusiastic unanimity with which the resolution appointing this committee was carried. I then ventured to call it an ideal committee, and I seize this opportunity of bearing my grateful testimony to the patience, thoroughness, and zeal which have characterised its labours, and to the conscientious care with which the council has scrutinised every line in the report before submit ting it for your approval. The task has been an arduous one. Notwithstanding the vast increase in the population during past years, there has not been a corresponding increase in church work or church attendance. Accordingly the com mittee have found it necessary to recommend the formation of seven new parishes, 14 mission districts, the erection of eight mission halls, and the purchase of 30 sites for church purposes. As this will necessarily involve a very heavy out lay, the committee have submitted, and the Bishop in Council has adopted certain financial recommendations not without grave and anxious thought. The committee bave also held many conferences with the suburban clergy, who, with few exceptions, have shown a readiness to co-operate with them in their plans, even though in some cases it might seem to be to their own hindrance to do so. These circumstances, and others on which it is needless to dilate, have rendered it im possible for the council to formulate a bill drawn up on the lines of the report in time for this session. But if the As sembly adopts the principle of the report the way will be cleared for the introduction of a bill at no far distant period. And let no one who may have come up from some remote country district say to himself, ' This report only affects Melbourne ; what have we to do with it ?' If a country member asks this question my answer is, ' Much every way.' For not only is it true, as the report states, that Melbourne and its suburbs contain about three-fifths of the population of the diocese, but it is also true that a considerable propor tion of this vast multitude consists of youths and maidens who flock into this metropolis from the country parts of Vic toria year by year. When I visit the bush for my confirma tion tours I hear the same cry nearly everywhere, namely, that the young people are leaving the country for Melbourne. They love its bustle and excitement, they long for its pleasures and amusements ; they shrink from the bodily labour in separable from pastoral and agricultural pursuits ; while in some of the decaying gold- field? the removals to Melbourne almost assume the proportions of an exodus. This being so, since the eyes of young people throughout the colony are turning towards Melbourne, is it possible that their parents and guardians can be indifferent to the question whether Mel bourne is adequately supplied with clergy, churches, and parochial institutions, in order that their children on coming hither may be brought at once under kindly pastoral and Christian influences, or whether they be left to wander about our streets as sheep having no shepherd ? I maintain that this church extension movement deserves and has a right to demand the sympathy and aid of the whole diocese, and that there is not a squatter, not a farmer, not a selector, however remote from the metropolis, who is not summoned, as with the blast of a trumpet, to ' come up to the help of the Lord, to the help of the Lord against the mighty.' THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S FUND. One of the most pressing subjects for the Bishop to dilate upon every year on such an occasion as' this is the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, the backbone of our church's home mission work, the agency which supplies the sinews of war, without which the Church in the country cannot even be maintained, much less extended. It would be needless for me to enlarge more fully on the work of the fund were it not that the annual meeting in its behalf will be held this evening in the Temperance Hall, Russell- street, at 8 o'clock, when the organising secretary will present the annual re port, and speeches will be delivered by the itev. H. F. Tucker, Mr. C. A. Pearce, Archdeacon Langley, and Canon Carlisle. I trust that this meeting will be well attended by the members of the Assembly. It is a particularly im portant meeting, because we shall not only hear of the spiritual benefit conferred upon the diocese at large by the fund, but also of the increased demands which will shortly be made upon its resources by the anticipated extension of the Church in the metropolitan area. I will now only add that, though there has been a considerable decline in the contributions from some of the larger and wealthier parishes as compared with last year, there has been an increase in the smaller parishes, and I heartily thank God, who has so moved the hearts of kind friends, that ' when the accounts were closed (I quote from the report) the estimated income for the year was not only reached but exceeded by the sum of £223, the total amount of subscriptions and collections being £6223,' of which the Archdeaconry of Melbourne contributed £5572. THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL ASSOCIATION. Nearly akin to this work is the great and growing usefulness of our Sunday-school Assoation. The tenth report of that admirable institution, managed all for love and nothing for reward by Mr. E. D. Puckle — (hear, hear) — has just reached me, accom panied by a paper on the association in the form of questions and answers, intending to explain its aims, its needs, and its progress. The questions are clearly put, and the answers to them are so crushingly conclusive, that the inquirer cannot fail to do what the question intends him to do — fill up the subjoined slip. But, besides the questions and answers given in the paper referred to, the last six pages of the report are occupied with lists of admirable questions, which have during the past year been put to both teachers and scholars at examination. The questions are instructive and comprehensive enough to be worth the perusal even of members of a church assembly; they were answered in writing by the examiners, and the suc cessful competitors received rewards. The questions require a good knowledge of the Bible, the Prayer-book, the articles, church history, and Church catechism; all are excellent. In looking them over, however, the thought has entered my mind that the time may come, if it has not come already, when it will be desirable to ask our examiners to introduce here and there into their examination-papers a present day question or two bearing on the social aspects of practical Christianity. For instance, it might be legitimate , in preparing a question paper on the Church Catechism for senior scholars to put this question: — ' Is it right to boycott? Give a reason for your answer, and quote the Church Catechism in support of your answer.' I need hardly say that the Catechism furnishes an admirable answer to this question in its summary of our duty to our neighbour. Or, again, suppose a series of questions was being prepared on church history in the Acts of the Apos tles, for a teachers' voluntary examination, a question of this sort might be put: — Acts iv, 32 (R.V.), ' And not one of them said that aught of the things which he possessed was his own.' Is it right or wrong, then for a Christian to have private property and if it be right for him to have it, in what sense is it his own? Questions such as these must be faced anew, and it is becoming important for our young people to have Christian teaching concerning them. I hope that this in structive and encouraging report will be widely circulated and read by our friends; it will convince them that in the matter of Sunday-schools the church is alive and not dead. THE SYSTEM OF PREFERENTIAL VOTING. A motion appears on the notice paper on which I desire to make some observations. It is for leave to bring in a bill to amend Act No. 3, 1888, known as the Regulation of Elec tions Act. This measure introduced the practice of preferen tial voting recommended by Professor ISTanson, and the elec tions of 1889 were conducted on that principle. At first sight, therefore, it may seern strange that after so short a trial of the new plan the Assembly should be invited to aban don it and to return to the former system. But there is no marvel whatever in it when the. circumstances of the case are borne in mind. In the Assembly of 1887 the bill was read a second time and remitted to a select committee. The Assembly of 1888 passed the bill as «n experiment ; and, therefore, in 1889, when the ex periment was tried for the first time, the Assembly adopted the following resolution : — ' That the secretary, his deputy, and the scrutineers appointed for the elections of this session in connection with the new system of voting, be requested to furnish to the Bishop-in-Council, as soon as mayb-, a report on the manner in which, in their opinion, the system has been to answer.' The secretary and his colleagues presented their report accordingly. It was unfavourable to the new plan, concluding with the expression of a decided op;nion that it is desirable ' the assembly should return, at as early a date as possible, to the ordinary method of voting.' Hence this motion. I make these remarks, not with a view to anticipate, or to influence in any way the decision which the assembly may arrive at, but simply to point out that the motion is strictly in order, and to urge that the bill, if leave be given to introduce it, should be discussed and disposed of without pre judice; on its merits and on its merits only. MATERIAL PROGRESS OP THE CHURCH. Our material progress during the year, though not rapid has been steady. The churches of Holy Trinity (Balaclava), St. Paul's (Sandhurst), and Yea have been consecrated. Churches have been dedicated at Ascotvale, Box HiL, Little Brighton, Geelong, Greta, Wandong, Warburton ; the churches at St. Clement's (Elsternwick) and Christ Church (Seymour) have been enlarged. Parsonages have been provided for Chelten ham, and St. Hilary, Kew. Some of our bush churches, though wooden structures, are thoroughly neat and church like in their shape and fittings ; it is not so with all. I desire that every church, of whatever material built, should include a chancel for the communicants, a vestry for the minister, and a porch for the comfort of the congregation. Every cnurcn snouia nave a ioni ior reverent/ auimui3i-ra.woii ui baptism, and the seats should be so placed that the worship pers can kneel when they pray. I know some c'lurches, alas, in which this all but impossible. It is to be regretted that in the erection of country churches persons are sometimes employed who are not familiar with the interior of an Anglican church. For these, and other reasons, the diocesan architect has been instructed to prepare designs, for sacred edifices, which shall at once be ciieap and cJhurjeWikeV Copies of these designs can be obtained at the registry for a small sum, and I recommend all clergymen and giuardians who propose '.to erect small churches in the country to, procure' them and. ta be guided by them. There is one column,', in the statistics of last year which causes me some anxiety ; it..i| the column entitled c Estimated number of communicants.' If the returns are to be relied upon, it appears that in three out of the four arch- ? deaconries the number of communicants was less in 1889 than in 1888. How to account for this apparent decline I know not, unless the length of an unusually hot summer be the cause. But I would take this opportunity of requesting my clerical brethren to keep as accurate a list as possible of the communicants in their parishes. I have been informed that in some cases the outgoing incumbents of parishes have taker the church books away with them. I need hardly say how serious must be the disadvantage under which the new incum bent labours, who finds that the records of his church have disappeared ; how difficult it must be for him to gather up the broken threads of the past and to carry on the work from the point which his predecessor laid it down. MISSIONS TO THE HEATHEN. Let me find space for a few words on the subject of missions to the heathen. I see hopeful signs of a growing interest in this great theme, the subject of our Lord's parting injunctions to His Church. You will observe that a missionary con ference is to be held in connection with the Assembly on Thursday next, from 11 to 1. I believe also that one of the clergy intends to bring forward a motion during the week, which, if carried, will give a practical direction to the thoughts of the Assembly concerning its duty in this matter. This Assembly is a new body ; it is just beginning its duties ; and therefore I may inform it, without any danger of giving offence, that (if I have been correctly informed) the late Assembly boasted of only nine contributors to the board of missions to the Chinese, although this is the only Church of England agency in Victoria for the evangelisation of the 1 1,000 Chinese dwelling in the colony. An offer has lately been received by the board which will, I trust, stimulate the zeal of churchmen. The Ven. Archdeacon Williams, of the diocese of Waiapu, New Zealand, has offered to give £1000 to the fund for erecting a Mission Church for the Chinese in Melbourne, upon the condition that £4000 be raised in the next 12 months. The missions to the Chinese and abori gines in Australia, to the Melanesian Islands, and to the island of New Guinea demand our primary attention, because the great missionary organisations at home rightly consider that these people are our neighbours, and, therefore, that the burden of sending the gospel to them lies on the Australian Church. The needs of the Church, in town and country, are confessedly urgent. Nevertheless, as Christian people, we ought never to adopt such methods of supplying those needs as are inconsistent with our Christian profession. It seems ungracious, I know, to find fault with any means employed to attain such an important end as that of building a church or a schoolroom, or liquidating a debt which harasses and cripples the clergyman and guardians of a parish, and I shrink from so painful a duty. But. I feel bound, as bishop of this diocese, to say that during the past year I have seen news paper advertisements which have covered me with shame by the catalogue of attractions offered in order to induce the public to support the word of God and to promote the extension of His kingdom. Let me express the hope that in future more care will be taken that there may be some congruity between the holy cause which we seek to advance and the plans de vised to secure its advancement. (Hear, hear.) ; . EETIRED AND DECEASED MEMBERS I Gertara well-known names have been withdrawn from us during the year now under review. Among them is that o^ the Ven. Archibald Crawford, who was compelled some years ?ago to retire from active service on account of increasing in firmities, but who had filled the office 'of Archdeacon, first of Castlemaine, then of Castlemaine and Sandhurst, for the long period of 24 years. Mr. Joseph Reed deserves to be grate fully remembered, for when Mr. Butterfield, the Cathedral architect, withdrew from his unfinished undertaking, Mr. Reed kindly ' consented (I quote the words of the appeal issued in 1887) to take in hand the undetailed drawings of Mr. Butterfield, and to prepare from them the details required, so as to carry out, as far as possible, the spirit and style of Mr. Butterfield's design.' The sudden death of Mr. Samuel Mullen was received with deep regret by the whole colony. The business of a bookseller, fitted as it always is, when in the hands of enlightened men, to promote the intellectual advancement of the community, is specially important in a young country where a leisure class can hardly be said to exist. But Samuel Mullen was not simply a bookseller ; by the establishment of Mullen's Library, and by the Monthly Circular, which not only gave the public lists of new books, but told them in its ' current literary topics' what books to read, he conferred untold benefits on society. But his special claim to honourable notice on such an occasion as this is that he was a devout communicant, a consistent churchman, a kind and helpful colleague in all church matters of the late vener able vicar of Sfc. Paul's, and, as church warden, the constant friend of that church and congregation. The most irreparable loss, however, which the Church in. this diocese has sustained during the year is through the death of Mr. Alfred Woolley. A lay representative in the first Church Assembly, so long ago as 1856, and a member of the Council two years after wards, his experience covered nearly the whole period of our corporate existence. He was indeed advancing in. years, but when I called to' offer him my congratulations on having reached his golden wedding day, so hale and cheerful did he seem, his age so like ' a lusty winter, frosty but kindly/' that I indulged the hope that he might be spared to us yet awhile. In his view of the work and prospects of the Church, he had the rare quality of hopefulness ; for him the dark cloud always had a ' silver lining.' His parents might have named him Barnabas, for he was a son of consolation, and he did not express his sympathy with Church work by words alone ; he contributed liberally according to his means, and was diligent in collecting subscriptions, especially for the Bishop of MeL bourne's Fund. The institution which enjoyed' the benefit of his last thoughts and counsels was -the Diocesan Dea conesses' Home, in Little Lonsdale-street, in connection with , the proposed country home for fallen and friendless women. May God grant to His Church many more such laymen as Alfred Woolley. NEW APPOINTMENTS. Some important appointments have been made during the year. I will mention four. The late Chancellor of the Diocese, the Hon. Dr. Hearn, has been succeeded by Mr. Justice Hodges, and it is a matter of great satisfaction to myself, and I am sure to you also, that so sound and able a lawyer has been added to our counsels. Gippsland has now an archdeacon, and I have good reason to believe that Arch deacon Langley is as highly valued in Gippsland as Canon I Langley was in Prahran. The third appointment is one by which this diocese is the loser and the neighbouring diocese the gainer. Dr. Green is one of the ripest scholars and most promising clergy among our younger men. His removal is a distinct loss to us. As Archdeacon of Ballarat, may he fulfil the brightest hopes which his many friends entertain concerning him. It is a year and a half since Bishop Barry left our shores, and Sydney is only now about to receive a bishop, New South Wales a metropolitan, and Australia a primate. These long intervals are mischievous to the Church, because they tend to weaken in the minds of the public any sense of the importance of the episcopal office as an integral part of our ecclesiastical policy. I shall not dwell upon the causes of delay in this instance, because they are well known, and because I think them humiliating to the Church. But the general synod will probably meet at Sydney a year hence, and it is greatly to be desired that that body may be able to devise a plan for the election of Primate which shall be less productive of delay and less liable to miscarry than that now in force. I do not wish to express a decided opinion as to the most effectual way of doing this, but the motion which stands in the name of one of our lay representatives appears to me well worthy of the consideration of the Assembly ; it would place the power of electing a Primate in the hands of the General Synod. Meanwhile, I am thankful that on Friday last so many united in offering to the Primate elect their cordial greeting on his way to Sydney, and the assurance of their prayers that the Holy Ghost may abundantly rest upon him, im parting the sevenfold gifts needful for the discharge of his high office. DECEASED CHURCHMEN IN ENGLAND. The hand of death has inflicted serious losses on the church at home since the last meeting of the assembly. Bishop Lightfoot, as a man of profound learning, was one of the chief ornaments of the bench. There are many Cambridge men who testify to the benefit which they derived from the lectures he delivered in that seat of learning ; and it was re marked by all with admiration how readily he turned from the atmosphere of a learned university to that of a populous and busy diocese. The Bishop's writings remain as a precious legacy to the church ; and I would specially recommend to the younger clergy his Dissertation on the Christian Ministry, printed as a supplement to his commentary on the epistle to the Philippians. It is much to be wished that this essay may be issued separately for the use of those can didates for holy orders who might, hesitate to purchase the volume in which it appears. It will always be a gratifying thought to him who now stands before you that of the five prelates who in 1886 constituted a committee to nominate from England a bishop to the vacant see of Melbourne, Bishop Lightfoot was one. By the death of Dr. Liddonthe church has lost o ie of her ablest preachers, in some respects the ablest. Eloquence, however, is a transitory gift ; it dies with the possessor ; the time will soon come when that voice, so marvellous in compass and power, sweeping over the vast and spell-bound multitude that filled the dome of St Panl's Cathedral, will be little more than a vague tra dition. But liter a serif ta manet. In the now waning nineteenth century there have appeared two grand bul warks of the Catholic faith, defending it against the attacks of the Unitarian heresy ; the first half of the century saw Archbishop Magee's discourses and dissertations on the doctrines of atonement and sacrifice; the latter half has seen Liddon's Bampton lectures on the divinity of our Lord. ?'? ' ? ? . ' ? ' ? ? ? ??' ??:.-'x£. .?-.-. 