The Gift of the Sea. The dead child lay in tho shroud And tho widow watobed beside ; And lior mother slept, and the channel swept Tho galu in tho tooth of tide. But tho widow lmighcd at all, " 1 liuvc loBt my man in tho eca, And the child is dead. I3u Htill," bUo eald, " "Wlia j uioro can yo do to mo 1 " And tho widow watched the dead, And the candle glittered low, And sho tried to sing tho "Passing Song " That bids tho poor soul go. Mnry talcc you now," sho sang, 41 Thut lay against my heart." And " Mary smooth you crib to-night/' But she could not say 4 deport." Then enmo a cry from the sea, But the Ben-rime blinded tho glass, And " Heard yo nothing, mother?" said she 44 'TiB the child thut waits to pass." And the nodding mother sighed, 44 'Tin ft lumbing owe In tho whin, For why s. ould tho christened soul cry out, That never knew of sin ? " 01), feet I have held hi my hand, Ob, Imnris nt my heart to catch, How should llioy know tho rond to go. And how should they lift tho hiteli ! " Iliry laid n pheot at the door, With Ihe littlo quilt atop Hint, it mfcht. not hurt from tho cold or tho dirt, . Hutlhu crying would not stop. The widow lifted ihe latch Ami strained her eyes to see. And <i| cued the dour on tho bitter shoro To let the soul go free. There was neither glimmer nor ghost, There was neither spirit nor spark, And " Heard yo nothing, mother t " she said 44 'TIb crying for nio in tho dnrk," And the noddlngmothcr sighed, " 'Tlfi sorrow makes yo dull, llavt! ve yer. to learn tuo cry of tho tern, Or the wall of tho wind-blown gull I " 41 Tlio terns are blown inland, 'Iho gray gull follows tlio plough. 'Tw«b never a bird the voleo I heard, Oh, mother, I hear it now 1 " 44 Liosiill. dear lamb, Ho still, The child iu passed from linnn. Tls the nehe fn your breast that broko your rcrt And the feel of nn empty arm. Sho put. her mother aside, "In Mary'w name, let bat For the peace of my soul I must go," sho said, And the went to tho calling sea. In tho heel of the wind-bit pier "Where the twlBted weed wab piled. She came to tho life sho hod missed by an hour, For she enmc to a Uttlo child. She laid it in her breast And back to her mother she came, But it would not feed, and it would not heed, Though sho gave It her own cliild's name. And the dead child dropped on her breast, And her own in the »broud lay Htark, And "Ood, forgive iia, mother," sho said. 14 We let it die in tho dark ! " Rudyabb liirlxno, in tho 44 English IUuitmSU Alugmdne."' 