GATHERINGS. There are exceptions to every rule, and it has recently been discovered that there is one to the singularpsychological fact— thataScotch- man can't ioke. Recentlv a Scotch advocate. in wig ana gown, was aeienoina a Kiepiu maniac on the plea of insanity. He had made in eloquent speech on the irresponsible condi tion of his client's mind to the jury, and took iis seat. His idiotic client reached over, touched his advocate's arm, and said, emphati cally, 'You are' the biggest fool in a' bro'd Scotland. ' The opposing counsel immediately remarked j 'I told you he had lucid intervals.' It is not safe to try and talk the language )f Cambridge in another suburb. A Cam iridge student went to a house in Chelsea, ind when the door was opened he said, ' Daughter of the fairest race of women on this continent, do I judge aright, after the con glomerate circumlocutions of this morning, that before me stands the maiden who will bid me rest my weary limbs in her father's palatial lalls ?' She replied, with a disdainful glance,. ' Oh, I know yez ; yez be one of them 'ere students from Cambridge,' and turning to her lice little pet dog, she said, 'Seize him, Roger 1' He seized. A poor Frenchman had imagined a means ?A warming himself at the fire of a chestnut roaster, without opening bis purse. He ap proached asked for a sou's worth of chestnuts, attended his hands over the fire, encouraged jy the paternal regard of the seller, who an nstant after put the chestnuts in his hands. The poor fellow, who had not the required sou in the world, looked at the chestnuts with a amentable air. ' Have chestnuts gone up in jrice ? Is this all one can get for a sou to lay? Thank you ; I do not wish for any.' He threw them back into the smoking brasier, ind went on, with warm hands, to recommence he game when he again grew chilly. Emerson says a man ought to carry a pencil uid note down the thoughts of the moment. iTes, and one short pencil, devoted exclusively o that use, would last some men we know ibout two thousand years, and then have the -riginal point on. A fashionable young man thinks he is great is an elocutionist. His strong card is reading he ghost, scene in Shakespere. After hearing lim recite, an elderly gentleman was asked what he thought of him. ' Well,' said the )ld gentleman, 'I think he ought to have ;iven up the ghost long ago.' A little boy having beard a missionary tell low the natives of South Africa live, on going tome said, ' Ma, I wish I was a little South African boy !' — ' Why, Georgie,' exclaimed he mother, ' whatever put such an idea into rour head?' — ''Cause their mothers don't vear slippers,' said little Georgie. ' My darling,' he intensely whispers, vainly ittempting to seize her hand, ' do you know hat I love you madly ? — Oh, yes, she says ; 'almost any fool could tell that.' When we want, now-a-days, to sneer at our ashionably ambitious neighbours, we merely ay ' mining operations ;' whereas we used to :ry ' shoddy,' ' oil,' ' army caps' and 3ity contracts.' An anxious man, who saw that his friend vas not gaining in health, said, ' Do you know hat your physician has no idea of medicine ?' ' Certainly. If he had I should have been lead long ago. ' 