Mary .Hall, the first woman lawyer in Con-. necticut,. United ?tates,: is ab. ut forty, though we doubt about her confessing to it, as" she is a single lady. There was an unsuccessful attempt recent ly to blow up with dynamite tue famous monasteiy in France where the monks manufacture chartreuse. But there' would be just as much chartreuse in the Austallan market as ever, had the attempt succeeded. Lots of it never saw a monk, tuough it is in-. lustriously monkied with. He had danced with her twice in Toorak, last year. He: " You don't reoo!llect me ; I thought I had sticebeded in impressing you with my personality." Fair, Innocent : "That I'm sure you never did. No one ever kissed me but pa and ma !" The elephant has more muscles in its trunk than any other creature possesses in its entife body, their number being no less than 40,000 while the whole of a man's muscles only number 527. The probustsis or trunk of the elephant, which contains this'vaSt quau. tity of small muscles, variously interlaced, is extremely flexible, endowed with the must exquisite sensibility and the utmost diversity of motion. One evening, in the principal gold-mining camp in the Transvaal, nine or ten years ago, a man partially intoxicated, and supposed to be actuated, by jealousy attempted suicide, but was prevented, and handeu over !to the sheriff to be kept in safe custody; for the night,and to be tried before the Acting Gold Commissioner, a shrewd and solemn Scott, the next morning. There being no law against suicide, it was decided to bring a charge of druanR'eness and disorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty; whereupon the Acting Gold Com-' missioner, without a ghost of a smile, de livered the following extraordinary judg ment-" Mr. Bland,. I shall -fine ye twa pounds for your drunkenness; but I'l1l just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to die, and, had ye suc. peeded in your, attempt, your poonishment would have been vera much more severe than it is I" iHe-" Will you be mine I "L She, curtly-," No." °` He-" May I be yours a " She, graciously-" Yes I" The, saddest thing in life is the spectacle. afforded by a young person who has burned all her hair off her forehead with a a hot pair of curling tongs, and cannot afford to buy a row of curls. One of the latest and most successful musical inventions is the " Melotrope," a mechanical. piano player. It can be, affixed to any piano, and by turning a, crank the proper notes are struck, and a complete piece produced. Why not carry inventien a step further and produce a "practicoscope," which could be affixed to the girl who bangs the " forte" next door? so that by simply reaching out and pressing an electric button she could be struck every time she. took her foot off the soft pedal. One good turn deserves another, and it is very evident from the celebration that' the British workmen have not forgotten the practical assistance extended by their Australian brethren, and although them selves are just recovering from the effecte of an extended strike are foremost in proffering their aid, 