Ritualistic Notes. The Exeontive Committee of the Austra lian Board of Missions appear to have met in the Chapel Hoase of St. Andrew's Cathedral on Tuesday, January 7th, when the Bev. A. A. Maolaren was present, and was formally acknowledged and welcomed as the first mis- OIVUHijr LV A1QTT UUIUQR IU WUUUSVVIVU TV 1«U LU« Oharoh of England. The effort to discount an adverse judgment of Arohbishop Benson in the Bishop of Lincoln ritnal oase, meets with strong support amongst the English episcopate, indicating how deeply they are diseased with ritualistio leprosy. For instance, Dr. Ellioot, Bishop of Gloucester, sent last December, a most fulsome reply of thankfulness to the petition of the ritualistic clergy of his diooese, against the aotion of Dr. Benson ; bnt to a oonnter memorial from loyal churchmen and evan gelicals he is polite in a mere acknowledgment. The Adelaide type of narrow eeclesiastio appears to predominate now-a-days. Dean Swift's "Voyage to the Houyh- nhnms" satirized mankind as yahoos , and elevated the horse to the position assigned to \- man in creation. The race of yahoos is by no- means extinot; for instance, the Vicar of Hoe, Eent, who has stirred up no end of ill- blood by refusing to administer the Com munion to a lady, because she had once par- taken of the Lord's Supper with the Wesleyan Church. The. perverse cleric has narrowly escaped being eent . to prison for wilfnl obstinacy in his persistent refusal to obey Lord Penzance's judgment— to receive this aggrieved lady. The Vioar held the lady to be guilty of schism, and this narrow-brained clericalism is raining the Oharoh of England. Men who magnify the Pagan mass into the highest aot of Christian worship are them selves guilty of sohism. The ritualist, iu straining after discipline, is piokling a rod for his own baok. Bev. Precentor Bivers bears on his back an indicator which points prieatwarda. It is against the laws which govern the Oharoh of England for an officiating minister to wear a stole whioh differs from a scarf in that it is fringed and ' is decorated with crosses. Mr. Bivers" stole is a blaok one, with large gold crosseB at eaoh end, and one at the nape of the neok. The stole iB a mass- vestment ; and to wear such an one indicates a strong sympathy for the mass whioh forms the idolatrons and intensely wicked basis of anion between the spostaoies of Ritualism, Borne, and Greeoe. To wear such an offensive and illegal party badge in St. Andrew's Cathedral is not honest — is not right. The Precentor is an extremely hard- worked man ; indeed the harden of too muoh work is thrown upon him, and for that he has our sympathy ; and he certainly Bhould have some relief and assistance in his multi farious duties ; but hiB being overtaxed with work is no exonse for parading offensive and unaathorised party badges in . the Sydney Cathedral. In a recent number of that Ritualistic pub lication, TAe Banner of Faith , the statement is made that- the Holy Ghost first descended to earth on Lady Day, March 25th, preceding the birth of the Saviour. This teaching is of no value whatsoever, save as a slavish imita tion of Borne. In the first place the birthday of Jesas Christ is not known, neither the . month, nor the day ; but faots clearly indi cate the selection of December 25 th as the day when PaganB celebrated the birth of the son of the Pagan "Queen of Heaven," and that Paganised Christianity should keep the same feast is qnite logical. Lady Day is, moreover, a purely Pagan festival, for that day was held sacred in honour of Oybele, the mother of the Babylonian Messiah. Ritualists, Bomanists, and Pagans, are remarkable in their oneness, and evidently originate from the same inventive genius— V The Prince of this World," alias The Father of Lies.'' The greatest show in London (in faot in the world) is Barnnm's, where, under one gigaatio roof, no less than three fall-sized ciroases are going at onoe, the wild beasts of a menagerie are always being fed, monstrosities of every olime are always on view, chambers of horrors, of inventive Yankee origin, cardie the blood, and the theatrea are emptisd accordingly. Next to Barnnm's, every sensible person will admit, stands the Cake and Apron Fair, held recently in aid of the parish funds' of the Church of England parish of 'Christ-Church, 8t. Leonards, North Shore. The charming grounds of the new Grammar School, at Holterman's Tower, were decorated most gaily, and Bparkled, after dusk, with hundreds of lights and lanterns, so that the people thronged to a fairyland, rendered more en trancing by an aroma of good ohurohmauship-. Could, forsooth, an evening be spent to better advantage, or music more delectable have . been heard ? The band of the Blind Institute discoursed sweet tones, and' an operetta — " The Blind Beggars " — was_ per formed. In the name of religion, does it not appear that the blind always lead the blind? Over this raree show Punch appeared to have presided, the evident genias of clerical lawless ness, for does not he hammer his wife, throw babies out of window, hang the officer of the law, introduce ghosts and bogies of terrifying import, to little ohildren, and be on friendly terms with the devil himself ? At all events Mr. iseenrord s " rnnon ana j nay onow " arew immensely, and the aim of all " Eye-Ohuroh."" institutions appear to be dramatic perform ances. The Christ- Church Literary and Debating Society were relied npon for some play-aoting, and not in vain. There are many toothsome commodities in N. S. Wales, some of which are productive of certain results', euphoniously termed tooth aoheB, bat the, choicest of all appear to have been the "alE sorts and conditions of cakes," the eating of: which added funds — to the glory of 'God. A worldly church, in want of funds, offers st quid pro quo. Fancy the apostles relying on cake and apron fairs, in oentnry one I In the Cathedral of St. George, Ontario, the. ritualistio "Plan of Campaign" is beingr deceitfully enforced. Standing- to the priesk on his entry, the rude priestward position ait the conseoration, and mixing; water with the Tnina Vtnvn Kann afnnflv AhlAfttfld tA hv thfl congregation. The leprosy mast be stamped, out as soon as the outbreak is observed. Religious vows are becoming fashionable- Celibate Anglican sistera and brothers take vows under episcopal sanction, and common sense persons of the contrary opinion pan quite as properly vow themselves away. For instance "I solemnly vow not to give anything to any parish or scheme worked by celibates, sisters or brothers, nuns or monk." If these holy persons regard marriage as im pure, surely money must be filthy luore to, them. Clergy from Ely Theological College are not wanted in Australia. The new president is a member of the English Church Union, and Oonfra'ernity of the Blessed Sacrament. A book — The Lesser Hours of the Samoa Breviaty — is in nse, and invokes Saints, and' Mary, in terms identical with those of the Roman Missal. There is always a risk of: imported tainted clergy. The pharisaio ritualistic priest' thinks his sanotnary a foretaste of neaven, ana love® to- shield it off from the common laity, by a screen, oommonly spelt " rood bnt in reality it ought to be a " rude " screen. The reason, for this improved derivation is that it serves- to Soreen from public view the BaoerdotaEst, when he rqdely stand's with his baok to the congregation, in the nnmannerly eastward or priestward position. Well- bred gentlemen- usaally face their friends, and ill-bred priests: mast be taaght manners. Ritualistio Bishops are living dangers te> Protestantism. In Australia we have Dr. Turner, BiBhop of Grafton and Armidale, a Vice-President of the Romanizing English. Oharoh Union. In the Bishop of Niagara ha has a Vice-President brother, who has foiBtedi . a ritualistio priest upon an unwilling protec tant congregation. Our American brethren, now show fight, and the vestry has reduced the intruder's salary to one dollar per arum n\ and if that won't starve him oat tho church- will be closed until the congregation .will otherwise. The " Power of the Keys is the layman's prerogative, provided they are the keys of the cash box securely ensconced iu the layman's pocket. Ritualistio Sisterhood Chapels are usually seed plots of Romish error. In those private sanctuaries the ritualistic priest apes Rome as closely as he oan. There High Mass, Solitary Mass, Requiem masses, altar- oensing, wafer worship, and Madonna adoration, is revelled! in, whilst bishops and churoh dignitaries are oblivious of any desire to think of there being an advance baclcwards, towards pre-reforma- tion apostacy. . In one London sisterhood's chapel the oommanion is given in one kind because it is Roman to perpetrate that mutila tion of Oar Lord'B command ; besides which. Act 1, Edw. VI., ch. 1, s. 8, expressly ordered! " both the kinds, that is to say — of bread and! wine, to be delivered and ministered onto the people present." This Aot is still law- Sisterhoods of seemingly the mildest descrip tion lead the way to all the above wickedness consequently Protestants mast nip the uaive- ment in the bud, and strenuously oppose the > ritualistic sisterhood or sham- romisb nan., craze in the Church of England. 