UNCONSIDERED TRIPLES. . . . Quid rides ? Mutato nomine de to Kabul a narratur. , . . —Hon.. Sat. I. Mr. Sydney Smitii has, so far, made a start with his proposod Agricultural Col. lego that he has fixed upon a site. It is to be placod at Ham Common, near Richmond, and as amongst other things the youth aro to be trained in the keeping of pigs and tho curing of bacon, the name is pleasantly suggestive. A sort of inspired prospectus has appeared in the daily press, setting forth the work to be done on the establishment, and tho part tho GO studonts are to take in carrying it out. The place at present is a wildorness, and apart from cultivating it, so as to malce ; it " blossom as tho roso," divers buildings are to bo erected, from lodging houses for the students, to barns, cattlo pens, and piggeries. We aro told that theso can bo very economically con structed by the labor of the stuaonts them selves. How long their under-graduateship is to last is not stated, before they aro turned out as accomplished agriculturists, but presuming it to bo tlirco years, which is tho ordinary academical period of incuba tion, perhaps "three years' hard labor on tho roads or othor public works of the colony " would not be a misnomer, as ap plied to tho course of tuition at this college. As a pleasing combination of an educational establishment and a penitentiary this proposal is unique in its way, and reflects much credit on tlio inventor. A number of musical students, past and present, professors and othor staff offioials of tlio University hnvo been serenading Sir William Manning on his birthday. Tlioy sang him a Latin ode of three verses in length, composed by a triumvirate of graduates at tlio average of a stanza apiece. It is to bo hoped that the revered Chancellor listened mora attentively to thosoacadomical chirpings than tho "birds of cultured note '> o to him when lie addresses them on Coin- — memoration Day. On those bcoasions they, as a rule, do their level bost to put a stop to hiB being heard by his next door neighbor. - But let that pass. The com posers ' of the first two stanzas of the ode alluded to the Chancoilor's old ago . and grey hairs, and tlio third to his illustrious character as a citizoh, which ho cheerfully carolled forth on correct Horatian lines. Latin poets hau certain friends who were called "patrons/' and it is on record that it was their duty, for favors rendered, to "soap theln care fully down" on certain occasions. Friend MecjEN'as was one of these Horatian patrons, and tlio first numbor of tho first book of his odos is carefully copied in style by tlio "local talent" of our University. How the mathematical section got oh with the words when they chanted them in tho opon air is not Stated, but an auditor observed " that ho, did not know whether they wore chanting Latin or tho. 47th proposition of tho first book of Euclid." However, they did their level best, and mortals can do no more. It iB to be hoped that this ode will be preserved in the- family arohives, a3 with trifling alteration it will do duty for Sir William's epitaph. Perhaps, to meet tho views of both mathematical und medical academical vocalists iu futnre, when more odes are re quired, it might bo as well to mix the phraseology on the linos adopted by an old gludenfc of St. John's, who wrote an ode to one Father Heogarty after this fashion : Sancto patort.bro/mthi'jMtt eanontl, Give your best attintlon (.-ratios quo dabo Nauitlbi similis nemo sit inventus, Out of ould Ireland I This with all its materialism is a sympa thetic age. Wo boar each other's burdens more oheorfully than we got credit for. At Orange tlio other day tlio Inspector of Nuisances fell very sick. Whether ho con tracted megrims, or nausea, or cholera in the discharge of his duties we do not know ; but the aldermen being made aware of his indisposition in structed'' their council clerk to indite a letter of sympathy to him uuder his afflic tion. We aro occasionally— wo think onco a year — requested to "remember for good" municipal officials who carry out sanitary matters in a tangible manner about our premises, and most of us do so ; but if we take counsel froni the town clerk of Orange we shall do so no more, and instead of doling out a shilling at Christmas we shall write that functionary a latter partly sym pathising witli him in his arduous duties and partly offering him tlio " compliments of tho season." Such a plan would bo more graceful, and much cheaper than the one now generally adopted. It . is a pity that " tho illustrious and distinguished kinsman" had not a better chance of showing his mettle oh the Parramatta River' laBb Monday, and it is to be hoped that nothing wiij interfere with Him on his next venture. As far as wo can see these little contretemps are becoming chronic on tho river. A per son who has since beeii visited by a severe attack of la grippe says that being a poultry fancier a man wrote to him asking him to enter for him at the onsuing exhibition at Belmore Park "a pair of fouls," to which he replied that it was no use, as the pro fessional scullers were certain to "enter a " protest. " Native orthography is invariably a weak point. " The king is dead ; long live tho king " is a very old aphorism, which goea to prove that constituted authority is a thing of a perennial character, and which will exist until there is an end of the world. How ever,. kings do die, and that they over possessed sovereign power is only found out years after they fed tho worms. King Mangammo, to wit, once reigned in tlio Goulburn distriob, and uuder his sway the nationality disappeared like himself. His name was John, and wo should nover have known that if somobody had not found the other day a brass plate in tho bush flanked by a clay pipe and a tinder-box, which aro sur mised to fix tho resting-place of King John and the Bpot where ho gave up the ghost and relinquished' suzerain powers. The tinder-box was possibly of no uso to him after ho left his liuppy hunting grounds, and hence it was left behind for tlio benefit of posterity and tho curator of the Museum. Tho brass plate, however, was sound, and from the inscription we learn that other King Johns lived besides. him of Magna Charta fame. Wo never knew the object of giving illustrious aboriginals a brnss plate to carry round their necks, excetit for mimeses of menrlinnnew now wo have it. Whon they die in the bush the hardest-toothed ants cannot eat the brass plate any more than they can a clay pipe or a tinder-box. Coffin- plates do much tho same for Christians. If wo want to he remembered hereafter when wo go exploring wo ought to carry a coffin plate in our valise. At least the ants cannot practically blot us out of the page of posterity. If wo die in the bush the advertising columns for missing friends may bo curtailed, but as most of us were not much good in this world, it can hardly be expected that we aro much more wlion we disappear. 