? SCIENCE AÎTD ART JOTTINGS. : Photographs havo lately been taken oÉ the two interesting old astronomical instruments at tbe Pefein Observatory. These instrument® are the most ancient of the kind in the "world, having been made by order of the Emperor Kublai Khan in the year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of bronze work, and are in. splendid condition, although they have been exposed ^-to the weather for more than six hundred years. Dît. WrtHKUc, of Giistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a-email quantity of bloodsbould be taken from the arm. He has practiced this treatment in twenty-live cases, and speaks -warmly of the success he has met •with, the patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immediately after the operation, and pie affection taking a marked change for the better from that time. What is called " the ice-bag treatment " of internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and various other ailments, has come into considerable vogue on tbe continent of Europe and has been introduced into England. It consists in laying an impervious bag filled with pounded ioetLpon the lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English physicians oppose the practice on the ground that the chill induced by the icçbsg; weakens the vitality of tbe parts to •winch it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. The Abbé Nollet has always been claimed by the French as the precursor of Franklin in the discovery of electricity. And now a book has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 1746, two years before the discoveries of Abbé Nollet, of which the title is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It contains facts extremely curious fcr the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is this characteristic paragraph: "What fatal surprise awaits the first experimenter •who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." Apples have enthusiastic advocates. One of them, writing for the Country Gentleman, says : " It is not claimed for the apple that it is a complete food in itself, but on the food list it possesses a value far above the nutrients it famishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them after, rather than before, meals. If one feels that he has eaten more dinher than is compatible with his after comfort, he will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford ' greater relief than an alcoholic drink or a drug-store prescription.'' In the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonies of introduced pheasants. The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria ; the second in Protection Island in Pliget Sound ; the third at the junction of the Willamette River with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the nest few years. All the pheasants of the three colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge O. îî. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are described as being of a veiy simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about five inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a belL In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, showing when the earthquake shock occurred. A sikgulab Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Aggnin, dip the barbs of their-arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after -running w a few yards, when he has been struck by o one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place, his c soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string o across the stream that divides the . grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given him. Dr. W. B. Richahdsok, in an article on " The Phvsiology of Good and Evil," says : " Let us first Took on the ideal of goodness or perfection. The scientific view of human perfection is strict, and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect and truly sane intelligence, whose immensity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness" none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. Men of science of the strictest truth hold in most precious memory their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs ; but they venture not to compare even them with aught that is above our common humanity." In the introductory lecture to the agricultural class at the University of Edinburgh, delivered at the opening of the present session, Professor Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the fiock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by - the way, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Professor Wallace hazards the opinion that, before many years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, tbe astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavour and texture to the best Highland, Welsh, or Southdown mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretells calamities to the meat producers of his country which his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A Cuhioeb Experiment.—Dr. Galton tells us of èp. experiment he nuade ipan aquarium with two 'fish!. It was 1 divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and therefore invisible to the fish. In one division there was a pike, in the other a gudgeon. Every time the pike saw the gudgeon he rushed to seize him, but every time he was stopped by the plate of glass. He did not learn soon, but for several months made this rush, and bruised his nose against the glass. Finally, he came to understand that for some reason inscrutable to his intelligence he conld not seize the gudgeon, and then he gave it up. He now swam about, seeing thegudgçon constantly, but paying no attention ï£* it. Then the plate of glass was removed. This made no difference, tbe pike did not attempt to takè the gudgeon. He had acquired the habit of leaving the gudgeon alone. The conundrum was, would his descendants inherit that haMt or possess the original impulse of their kind? Illustrations of this femdior ^owaug the operation of the principle of acqtôredïtiheritâhce are what lit- Galton wants. 