PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. Tho Gencial \s cmbly of the Presbyterian Cmuch of Queenslanl was opened last evening in Wickham toiracL Church, when thero was a laigc numbei of ladies and gentlemen pre sent \fter tho usual pie'iminary dovotional cxcicisos the ictiring moderator (Re\ A C Smith, of Movvbiaytoi\n) delivered the mau gural seimon, taking foi his, te\t 7cehariuh, chaptei i\ , Gth verso, " Vot by might nor by power, but bj "My Spmt, snub the Lord of Hosts " The Rev Mr Smith, in ducclmg attention to llio te\t, suggested that they might consider theso woids is applying to the Climch of whn.li the templo finished by Zorubbabel v ns nUpoinill nttei ages In íarsing it thuc weti. human btuideis and human instiunion tnlitic- but it was the Spmt of God whieh constituted its tiuo hfo and msuiod its pto<¡penty and piocress It was io this impôt taut fact that ho dcsiietl to duoct then nttcn tion that o\ enuig- namolj, that if tho Chinch of Chust ot um piofcssod blanch of it was to bo a flouushing Chinch-a Chuich cshibiting tho beautv and powei of tho In tug Chust, united m it-.cH and successful in winning tho woild outsulo to God-tho one mighti stimulating foi co ni it must bo tho Spn it of God ' Not by might noi In powei hut by My Spmt saith tho Lok! of Ho_ts Oí ooiiise when ho saul this ho did not icfoi to the Spa it of Gol in fust thawing men to Chust and nftoiwauls in load mg them to oteinnl hfo abo\o-tlnswns a truth winch all acknowledged A\ lint ho icfoncd to ns suliseiving his picscnt pin poso was tho Holy Ghost as tho spccinl endowment of tho Chuich as "Wa Clinch conseillent on Chust s pcisortitS dopiîitiuo and dilling His poisonnl absuico To this thou Loi ii Himself icfeuod when just bofmo leaving tho ciuth Ho told His dibctples that ' Ho would go nwaj hut th it ' Ho would send tho Spn ii" to abide willi thom, ' and bloat them in then wntkof cvniigelisini' the -\\\oild, but saul Ile, " lain yo at louisalcm till yoho endued with powei finm on hiRh I'ho cail\ Chuich hciud thjvWyine command and did ' tauy" till the ^pwoiiino, mid in tho powoi of that Spn it thoy .Ad Convcision woik wont on at a uipid and oim nccelointing imco-" llio wold of God ¿low mighty andpiovailcd " Had things contiiuied f,omg on at llio same into .who can tav what tho woild would havobcou now In lntoi times liowovm, notably in those da\a a chango seemingly foi the woiso had occiulod l'hu powoi of the Holv Ghost in tho Chin li, ettlui foi poihonnl ChiistitiniU 01 foi lcconoiling thowoild to God was ooitiunly nota lost but was soommglj a sadly diminished [\ powei So fni ns Christian hung was con coined .wlnlo thoio vveio not a fow gi and Chustians to bo found malling the saints of old, and wlnlo theio woio laigo mimbor» m evciy chtiichof noblo hcaitod Chustittn men and women loilooling tho boauty of Chnslianity, it might bo said bo bohovod with tiuth that as far us (ho h\cs ofpiofossrd Cliiistitins gcnoialb w 010 concerned tho lack of high toned spmtual dovolcdncbs was conspicuously manifest This was sadly morn nod mer by Chustians thom soUos und tho inooiisistoncios uf piofcsscd Chustians wcie a tominon îopioaoh in llio woild outside In endless homes the Biblo was piaotically ignoied and ' Chuntianily was not tho liiling punciplo of oulinaiy hfo Who could shut Ina eyes to tho tilaumiigly inciciumg thiist foi moto monoj making ns the onn end of hfo, Um growth of the oonlcmpl of paiontnl nuthoiitv, and the nc^lod of the Sabbath and Sabbath oidmancci, not to spe ile of tin! want of high unselfish lo\o amongst piofcssod Chuslian Chinches thom solves? Then ayim ns fal as convoiling woik in tho woild was concoinctl, wlnlo Ihm o wita no doubla \eiYlaifo amount of Ohuslian of) oil and iimiuoHtioiiablo/cal and dovnlodnoss, mid whilo ii vciy Illino and e\oi meioasmg amount ot good was boing done evoiy jem, tho Chinch was al piesont tai bom boing the nggicbsivo powoi which ii was in cnilici limoj Ho would not foi a moment confound sowing willi looping Ho was quito iiwaio that a gtpiil deal of good niifjil bo clono by tho servant of Chust winch was not appâtent oven to lum solf Still, ho behoved ha spoko only loo fully when ho Bind that (hu inoffoolivciicsH of tho pulpit ns contiaslod with tho iiiilagomstio influences of Buiiomiding oaitlihneas was only loo nppaiont Ofooclcsinslical life thcie was nhuiHlnnco, but it scorned lo ho influoncod by httlo of that lughoi spit it and power which sliikca awo into boholdois and diawa gain najéis lo tho foot of Tobiu It was lo bo foaiod tlimo was coiiHuleiiihlo foico m (ho muttoicd inidoiloiio of tho woild'w taunt, "Whcio is then God?" as thoy saw population fal out stripping accessions lo the Church, the tide of immorality and nioligioiv. lolling Rtoadily on, mid tho masses of llio pooplo-the gioat hoait of humanity in its busiest emitios-un i oat hod The Chin oh was a mighty Samson with God's spirit m hor, bul was sho not too muoh hko Samson, with hoi loci s shorn and hot stiongth gono away fiom her Had sho no1 icasoii Id fcai that alio had in aoino nioasuio lost, if not the faith al least somewhat of tho spit it, of those gi and npoatolic times whon it was niaiiifostlv wntton on all sho did and «aid, "Not bj might noi hy powoi, hut In My Spiut siuth llio Jjord of Hosts " Ile was quita aware that it mimili be objected thal llio t,iflof the Spit it as "a spml of fiio and of powci" was ohiolly an endowmont of the Primitivo Chuich, and not to ho looked loi as having a pLrmaiiont placo within hoi cilhoi foi tho commit oi giowth of individual Cnnßlians oi Chuichcs tbomaol\cs, m foi their work of convciting llio woild oulsido to God In reply, ho would say that ho was quite willing to admit this in leHpcet to thobpiut as a spit it of miiaculouH gifts In tho early initial «tago of Chiiatmnity iiinaoloa and poitonis woio no doubt needful for ancst nig the attention of ii piofosscdly heathen \ oild, though o\on then Paul, the foremost pioncci of Chnslianity, himself moro thun onca lcfoirod to thoBo samo mnaculous gifts as vastly infmloi m nnpoitanco to tho gifts of graco ot the samo Spmt foi the edification of the Church or tho convorsion of tho woild So fal as the holy hung of Christians and Chiifltian Chinches werejconccined, whatovci was need ful foi this was pointed out in bcuptuio aa tho privilege nnd attainable .duty of the Chuich to tho latost ages, "Bo not diunk with wine, wl mein is excess, bul bo filled with tho Spmt '-m other woids, sook not foi a limited mcasuio of the Spirit's influence, but sook to be lillod with Him to overflowing, lahouung foi such a measure of Him as will hllyoiu minda and hcaits, and influence join wholu bchaviom, e\cn as otlicis fill tin machos with wine And, as to having the Spirit ¡i power in conveiimfj the Chustlcss outside, what docs Torus Himself say'-" All power is given unto Mc in heaven nudonciuth Go yo, thutfoie, and teach all nations, and lo, 1 am with you alwms, oven to tho ond of thowoild " And ufjain, ") cáhuil íeceivo powei when tho Holy Ghost ia como upon you, and yo shall bo iijtne ses for Mc . to the utteimost ends of tho cat Iii " Did not that mean thai tho convr-ision of the whole woril was mtiustfd not to them meiely, hut to the Church m successive a_cs, that " all power 'would lemain tue same m Himself,nnl would be extended in hko fashion and foi simibu ends until the Gospel i cached " tho uttermost tnL of the eaith " They believed that his endowment of tho " fulness of tho Spirit" was tho Church's puvilego htill needed by her to ovmtako tho f,roat practical end of hei existence, that as a city sot ona lull sim might shino with ever increasing brightness of power until her light thould leach the callie v oild If bo, had not the Church somehow failed to KT.liFC this or beek after it as rho bliould ' Whence, it may bo asked, has all this come about' In a gi cat measure ho be heved that because ever haunted with the con scioutnesj as to what her great miosion was mil what a nughtv, attractive, overwhelming pou cn wai needed to accomplish it, »he had too often been be0aiilod into the sad uiistaJvtä of making up for the felt absence of this power by merely earthly influences She \- tbb body of Christ," "the furness of Him .that fillet!« all m all '-instead of getting his ijhiet-s developed in her, hal been t^mptel to look for life in tlungs which, however nee If,ii jin their own place, could never be s substitute for the power of the Divine Spirit developed through them. ' Take for instance religious forms. There were the recognised modes through which men held intercourse with God, and through which ordinarily divino life was conveyed to souls, the golden pipes through which, so to speak, the oil was conveyed to the candlesticks. The whole benefit of the pro- cess lay, however, not in the gorgcous ness or rcsthctie beauty of ? the pipes, but in the uninterrupted outlet which thoy afforded for tho transmission of the oil. Hero the Church seemed to have erred. Feeling that she needed life as an energising power; she had boen tempted to seek it in a complicated^ or fascinating ritualism, devoting her attention too much to that in itself instead of considering its fitness as a mero vehicle for transmitting the divine oil-the blessed fulness of the Spirit of God. The simple gospel of God's mercy in Christ was God's grand instrument for conver- sion and sanctification. "Faith comcth by healing, and hearing by the word of God." Hear again the Church had been too apt to bo boguiled into a serious error. The age in which thoy lived was one in which so far ns tho mind of man was concorned everything which was fresh and novel and stimulating, drew the readiest nttcntion, and so far as tho heart was concerned, what- ever most ravishingly, however harshly, attracted tho eye and the ear, was most promptly responded io, and the Church had become prono lo resort to tho loftily intellectual or the impulsively sensational as the grond motivo power for the end desired. To show tho fallacy of this ho needed only point out what occurred to Ezekiol in tho" Valley of Dry liónos." IScforo closing, ho (the preacher) would like to say two things. First, the Christian Church as a vvholo was but a gather- ing of individuals-individual congregations and individual members. If sho was therefore ever to realiso her high heritage as the Christian Church in Christ's personal absence the end was to bo attained only by each conjugation and enoh individual Christian in it doing their utmost to seek that blessing of " the fulness of tho Divino Spirit" for themselves, and while seoing that tho pipes to convoy tho Divine power aro of tho best possiblo description, re- garding them only for their efficiency in trans- mitting tho Divine favour-the (fulness of the rison Saviour. Secondly, whon-ho said it as nu old minister of Christ - would the Church of Christ, of which thoy formed only a nari, grasp and realise* to tho full the high nerilago loft her by her departed Lord and Master ? Then how beautiful would bIio be, how holy hormomhorship, how unselfish, busy, and influential all hor activities and agencios for converting tho world as seen in opoptolio timos. Thon would " tho Spirit and tho bride" logothor " say come," " everyone thathoareth tovouki say come," and cveiy "thirsty soul, wmld como ond take of tho water of lifo\ frW" I T\o assombly having been formally con stituled tho roll was oallcd over. Tholtov. Mr. Smith said that the timo had now arrived when ho should leavo the high offico lo . which ho had been elected. Ho regretted that owing to increased ago and infirmity ho had not boou ablo to cany out tho duties whioh had dovolvod upon him in tho way whioh he would have liked to perform t|icm. Ho wished to return thanks to tho fathers and hrclhron for all tho kindnoss and courtosy which thoy had shown to him during tho year. The majority of tho presbyteries had solectod the llov. A. M. Qatild, of Townsville, to bo his successor, and ho bud accordingly gi cat pleasure in proposing tho llov. Mr. Gauld as Moderator for Iho coming yoar. Mr. Ganld waB ono of tho youngor ministers of tho Church, but all prcsoul know his high character and the sorvioos which ho had dono for tho Master in moro than ono sphere of labour. His well known courtosy and llrmnoss also well suited him for tho ornoo ot Moderator, and besides being connected with a Northern Presbytery,, liia election shovvod that the Presbyterian Church was willing to bestow the honours which bIio had al her disposal throughout the length and breadth of the colony. The llov. J. P. M'Swaiw: seconded tho proposal of the llov, Mr. Smith. ThoKov. Mr. Gauld was a child of their own Church-that is, he had boen oduoalod by thcmsolves. Thoreforo, in electing him to tho position of Moderator, thoy woro not only honouring him but were honouring themselves. Tho motion was agrood io, and tho llev. Mr. Gauld was iiiductod to tho ollleo of Modorator in the usual form. Tho now MoiusnATOit, on taking tho chair! roturnod thanks for the honour which had been conferrod upon him. Ho could sinceroly say thal ho had not sought tho position, nor indued had ho desired it. Ho would endeavour to fulfil tho duties devolving on bim as well as in him lay, and ho was ruvo ho could claim their Christiun sympathy and forboaranco in his shorloomings. Ho trusted the forthcoming yoar vv'onld bo one of consecrated service, oarncst prayor, and abounding prosperity to all thoir congregations. In acoordanca with custom ho would deliver on this oooasion an addross, tho Bubject to which ho invitod their attention being, " Our prosont position and requirements." Tho past twonty-fivo years of criticism and controversy sopmed to have diminished tho intensity of spiritual lifo among tho people. It was so in tho seventeenth and eighteenth conlurics, when tho great intellec- tual works woro produood such as Butler's Analogy. It was not all loss if not all gain ; an ago which could produco tho Analogy and its consequonces was not bauen. Tho quality of tho piesont was tho measuio of tho possibilities of tho future. Moral and spiritual things had their laws of success. "Success" which confused the conscience and weakened moral principle was not tho success of righteousness and truth. The most real success in spiritual things could -not be tabulated. Tho Church's foes were not intellectual ; but there was a materialism of life, a doubt of ignorance, a scepticism of sin, and an indifference of moral indolence, which were partly explained by lack of conviction. The Church, like the Puritans of America, had to create a spiritual sentiment. Their work was not in' refuting scepticism. Stability was the most essential element of Christian character, and ninny so-called evangelistic efforts were de- structive of this element. Religion must not be represented as a restraint from ills ghastly or ghastly and real, but as an inspiration to right living not as an expedient or contingent good, still less as a stroke of policy, Religion must be presented as an absolute moral necessity to. perfect manhood. ChrM was their life without Christ man could not get tight or remain right. Tho success of tho early Church was totally different in form from what the Church aehioved now. During the piesent' century the gains of tbo Church liad been greater than during the preceding seventeen, centuries. The early Church had no tasks comparablo to the tasks of the piesent mis- sionaries in tbo South Seas-the one had to deal with cultutcd men, the other with savages. What the Church needed was a teturn to the simple, eai nest, and intense faith of the early disciples. The Crucifixion and the Hestirrec-' tionwero ever uppermost in their thoughts living and all glorious realities-and thoy sur-' rendel ed thoir vvholo being to their sway. In these times men did not follow this example, although tho fundamental facts had the same significance now as then. At the present day speculation, criticism, doubt, unbelief, and worldliness were permitted to dull the edge of truth, to obscure the light, and thus diminish the powers of theso essential truths. The better organisation of tho Church's forces was essential. To meet the needs of the present day - the Church must show itself a living practical force for the elevation and purification of society, must prove itself in practical sympathy with suffering and sorrow, and be broadly evangelical in its methods. The religion of Josus Christ came to them in great simplicity, yet under various> forms; one branch, for instance, was emotional, another intellectual. They should not spend time in criticising these forms- they would be better empîoyod in build- ing over against their own hoube. If the Presbyterian Church in Queensland was to do the utmost possible good as a church for Queensland, one tiling grew every day more' clear-the present pace was far too alow. They needed to be told that they -«ere doing hut à ' bagatelle ot what ought to be done, and there weie already voices which" told * them so, « With their present expenditure of men and money they were making very little headway, tbey ought to do seven times more. Every- thing was now ripe for a supreme sustained effort all along the lino. In North Queensland at least five more ministers were wanted, and there were several places in the Central and Western districts where the Church ought to have been represented long ago. It would cost a good deal to follow the scattered people of the colony and supply tbem with the tidings of Salvation, but tho work bad to be done. TheEev.Dr.HATmovedondtbeEov.O.J. Ooa seconded a vote of thanks to the ex- Moderator for his very able sermon. Tho resolution was adopted. On the motion of the Rev. Mr. M'Swhse, seeonded by the Rev. Mr. Ooo, a vote of thanks was passed to the present Moderator for his address. OESEIUIi BCSISESS. Letters of apology were read from the Bov. Mr. Bobertson, of Ipswich, who was ill, and the Rev. Mr. Alden, who was unable to be present chiefly owing to the depressod position in which his charge was placed through the rocent floods. Both apologies wore accepted and a vole of sympathy with the Eev. Mr. Bobertson was adopted. The Eov. Richard Kerr was, on the motion of the Bev. Dr. Hat, appointed assistant clerk to the assembly, with the same permanency of tenure as the olerk and the treasurer had. Tho Eev. Dr. Hay read a letter from tho Eev. Principal M'Culloch, dated Paris, 17th July, 1889, in which he slated that ho accepted the minute adopted by the assembly at their last meeting and transmitted to him, with thanks, and in the samo spirit in which it was tendered. Tho Bev. Dr. Hat road the report of the oom mittee on bills and overtures settling the order of business, and after being slightly amended it was adopted. In reply to a question, the Bev. Dr. Hit said that it was contemplated to bring the business of the assembly to a close on Friday evening. A committee was appointed to draw up a minute expressive of the regret tho assembly felt at the death of their old member-the Bev. E. Kerr's father. . The assembly rose until this morning. 