Iftoveiter. \- THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ou, \- lady Chctwy ad's Spcctrc, By Muo. HAiiiui;t IjIswis. CHAPTER XIX. j THIS l'LOTTKllS ALL. BUS1T. j *J. Ita all up for to-night,' IJagcu muttered In her Hindoo tongue. 'I must bido my time, and watuli my olianco. It will come ?ooh, if I am ready, 'l'ho pale-faced young girl with hor bnby-faou shall lint crowd out iny young mistress from her rightful position ii8 lady of Ohotwynd. I wiU destroy hor as I wonld au inaect.' Sbo shook her haud in flerco menacing at ? tho objcot of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her own safety, and not wishing jj. to risk an oncountor with Gilbert Monk, alio X darted down the outBldo staircase, and whb ^ away in tho shadow of tho trees almost with h.v' 1 tho rapidity of thought. J. , _ bho coucoalcd herself in a secure position ^ - .at a littlo dlstauco, at a point commanding n ^ view of tho door of tlio chalet, pi Horcscapo wns immediately discovered, T and Monk said: ' You are eafo now with mo, licrnico. Ita -_ j lgeo has hurried honip, I am positive, Bho 4 ^ would not daro risk a meeting with inc. j?*. h 'You aro paloand worn out. Lot mo take yon » from thiB plaoo -as soon ns' possible, Flack H$^^~^^hM'.beon staying iu tho neighborhood sinco ?su u Ji dib brought mo Ibo uews ofyour dopnrturo rlrom Mawr Castlo, nnd I fonnd him in tho * -edgo of tho park as I went bnck to tho Iioubc. , I sent'blra to Ohotwynrt-by Boa for a carriage „ ? and ho will drlvo you over to ISnstbourno f -llrebtly, Ho is to be in wiilting at tho lowor gato of tho park, nearest thu village, i % lloro aro your clothcB. It would ba woll to 1 ? lav aside thoso wot garments us soon as ,7V. ' possible, Bcrnlco assented, and Monk went outside tho chalet and closed the door. Young Lady Ofcotwynd secured it on its inner Bide, ngaiu ijy.v barricaded tho door nt tbo foot of tlio stair, c . nnd : changed her wet ({armenla for dry ones as rapidly ns tlio swollen nnd painful state of her sprained wiiut would allow. % . She was soon wnrmly clothed. She rolled ^ up lior damp garment* and packed them i, into her travelling, bag. Her while slllc robo, which had so ably Herved in hor appearanco ns a spectie, was quite dry. She examined it . carefully, It liml been i gathered up about her waist when bIio hail fallen into tho lake and was not torn nor damaged. «?; ' Sbo rolled up tho roho and thrust it into s her 'travclling-bng. Bho wob attired in hor hronzo grey cashmero robe nnd jacket, and :?.-.. it only now remained to put on her lint. ? While Bho was thus completing their attire, Monk camo iu, put out tlio remaining lire, ?scattering the embers ou the hearth, mid .extinguished tho light ot the lantern, which ho rcstorod to tho cloBot from which ho had withdrawn'!!. Then ho arranged tho fiimi i ? turo which Bernico had piled up in tlio form of a barricade, In its usual order, and con duoted young Lady Oliotwjrnd out of tlio chalet, v -- Thoy halted outside whilo ho locked tlio door, and Bernico then placed her arm in his, and thoy moved on among tlie shadows, keeping a vigilant nnd apprehensive look v v. . out around tlioin. They wound along tlio narrow and dusky paths, avoiding tlio wider moonlight avenues, aud once or twico they i ? baited at somo rustic fl'-'nt, that Bernico * might rest. But at last they approached tho lower end of the park, and' the small gato leading out upon, tho open high way. ? . 'I always carry, a key to this galo,' said , Monk, producing tlio key in question from ? ... his pocket. ',l generally cross tbo park . When I go to tho village, Uura \yo aro, nnd , the fly is waiting.' Flack was on tlio box, whin In hand. 1(6 Tniscd his hat to tho young lady anil to his ?master. \- Monk assisted Bornlon Into tlio, vehicle.'! Ho hesttnted about accompanying her to . Eastbourne. Ho feared list ho Bhould be mimed from tho l'arfc, and ho had another tnsk to do on tins night— a task which hu . dreaded, but deemed iii!ce8sarv to the succchb . of: his plans, and even to Ills own woll. being. But ho dared not run any risk of . ! losing Bernico ngaln. In plueo her safelv i : ! ; In tho hands of Mih. Uiowl was tlio first anil most Important movement to be made. Upon bin Bafo custody of licrnico all his . plans hinged. Hu decided, therefore, to accompany her to I'j istbounie. . ? 'l'o Mrs. Orowl's lodgings, Klack,' ho ..filiated, in a low voieo with a piercing v. ^tance around liiin. ' And bu lively. We've' !' ' ' -nloi?* drivo boloro ua, and I havo other business' on bund to-night.' ? ??'?'Ho sprain , lightly iuto the velilclo aud ? closed tho d.'*4'''- I-'111 tly lolled heavily ' along the load on ua way to Eastbourne by ''Oh'etwynd-by- Bea. :«aa not yot ouf. of sight, when the witliorod, dusky, witch-)7ko face of tho old 'awj,-.77? ? Hindoo woman was pressed ngalnst tho ?? Bpcars of 'tho gale, and too- bead ? liko eyes glittered ns lligeo Bil-rutly mut ;??.?? ?.-??,?' ??.?.' ' torcd : ... ' ''To Mrs. Orowl'n ?' Alonjfdrlve? He . must bo going to Kaslbourno, 'To Mm. ? «??? ????..'.? Orowl's lodglDfta ' at Jsaat bourne, rh ? I'm going to Kastbourno to-morrow. And hoi as othor buslnceo on band to-night I What' ?? ?:???? buaincst? I find thai ho Is deeper than I . v v 'thought. ? He'll boar watching. ''I'll know what' bis -ot! or business Ms; Ulssy won't ? 'be troubled if 1 am absont all nigbt, She '^riubime. -And so NI waft to watch hfm- tl^'ll b-! biirk nt this gate by two o clock, uhd I'll he hero, too.' Meanwhile the luitiipintcd tly and ita oc cupants wero proceeding swiftly along tlio rhail to Chctwynd-by-Beii. Thoy entered 13astbournu nftcr n brisk drive, nnd Klaek | drovo Into the retired street in which Mrs. I Growl had taken lodgings. The fly presently halted beforo tho door of a tlnee-stoiied 'irlck house, ono of a low of uiuiilitr iousei-, ' ' Tills is the place,' said M»nb, opening tho door of tho carriage and springing out. lie assisted Ocrnico to oliglit. Ho helped her up tlio steps nnd into tlio house. Mrs. Orowl received tho young mnreliloncsn kindly and respectfully, and with a warmth that waa vory grateful to the girl. The rela tions between tho two had been from tlio first as nilstvess nnd servant, and Mis. Gro'trl had played Iter pnvt so well as never to ex cite tho girl's suspicious, Mrp. Crowl lead tho way up stairs, lSernice and Monk following, l'l.o woman uuliered them into a pleasant littlo parlor, where lights and a lire where burning, ami drew up an easy-chnir before tho hearth. Ueinlco snnk into tho clialr, tired aud very pale. MissGwyn has sprained her wrist,' said Monk, 'You will know how to treat tho ailment, Mrs. Orowl, without calling in » physician. To-morrow evening Miss Gwyn will be able to start, for Mawr Castle, and you will take tlie express for London. You will stop nt nqiiiet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey tho next day. 1 will bo in London also to-morrow evening— going up on the Ramo train with' you, ill fuel, to iniilio all sure, Wo will meet at tho station. And now good night.' Ha 1 inn t over Bernicn and kissed her. Then ho look his leavo, and hurried down to tho waiting carrisgu tmd sat out on Ills re turn. When tlio lly arrived upon tho hill over looking tho village of Olictwynd-by-Sen, Monk culled to tho driver to stop. Tho order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed : ' You can drivo on, Find;, and return tho lly tu thu inn, I'll walk homo, nnd strctch my legs after this lomr drive, i'ou need not come to the l'ark to-morrmv. l'ay your bill nt the inn iu tboL morning, mid go to EiihS boutue. You aro to tnko chsigo of Miss Gwyn and Mrs. Orowl, and have them at tho Btation to-morrow night. I Bliail go up to Loudon by tbo sauiu train.' Ho dismissed his confederate by a wave of the hand, aud tbo vuhiclc passed ou iu tho distance. Monk walked briBkl.v down the hill aud into the silent villngo. He turned into thu lonely church-yard among this graves, whoso tall white headstones Bcrecncd him from tlio possible view of any watcher, although thu moonlight was still brilliant, if e crept iiiLo thu little shaded Btaue porch, aud let himself into the church. It was thcu about two o'clock In the morning. It waa past four, and tbo gray dawn waa breaking, when lie emerged from the church, wearied and worn and pale. ° Monk went on through tlio village and as cended the hill beyond. At the lower gatu of the i'lirk ho halted and let himself in, and hurried along thu more obscuro paths toward the house. Tho old Hindoo woman liaS'wulchcd and waited for him all these hours. She saw him enter the park, nnil ono glance at liiin as sured her that his 'othor business' had been nccomplishcd. Blio arose from her crouching position aud followed him stealthily homeward. 'I'vo mado a failure of it,, aftor all,' tho old woman multcrud. ' Ilia business lay in tho village. It concerned my lady iu Homo way. But what was it? I'd liko to know Ullburt Monk's schemi'S, but they nil liingo on that girl, llu tm-an-! to preserve her Ufa | I mean to destroy it. Which will win?' Tho kitchen:maids were ni'-lir, and old llagee, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no dlllicully in slipping into tho house unseen, nt thu servants entrance. Bho glided up to tho npartmentB of her mistress, whom she found sleeping. She passed ou to lior own room and changed her garments, and llui.g liurself on her bed, drooplug asleep, It was smnowliero about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summoned her, Bho wns a light Blccpcr, awakening nt a sound or touch, nud now started up broad awake upon the InBtant. Bho folded her turban afresh, and hastened to the bed-chamber of . her rnlu trcss, Miss Monk wai in bed, her hoad lying buck upon her pillows, a fretful expres sion on her swarthy face. Bho wns an noyed and curious, nnd sbo cm'nlnicd petu lantly : 'Why did you not sleep in my room Inst night Hb usual, Ungce ? Why where you not . here to undtcss mu 1 1 kept awake till near morning from Bhcer terror. I can not bo nloao, and you know It,' lingco nt once told her mistress tho story of her adventures during tlio night, Miss Monk listened in brcnllilcs9 eager ness. ' Gilbert Is the head nud front of this ap parition business,' said Bylviu at length, 'And yet why should ho wish to ruin mc? He resuued her from her touib. It's nil plain to mo now. And ho lias sumo object iu defending hor. But what can it be? He did not iovo her,' 'I can seo into tho mystery,' Bnid tlio old Hindoo woman, hor dusky faco lighting. ' The truth 1s ho has discovered who sbo is. You know, Missy, aho did not know licr parentage. Gilbert 1ms found out thu Bcoret-. Mini Is of noble blood ; onn cun toll that by her haughty nir, her patrician beauty, her high breeding. Bho looks liko a princess, at tho least. I can bco Gilbert's gtiiuo now. Ho means to allow you to marry my lord, and lie will tlion rcBtoro my lady to her own friends and relatives, and feather his own mist.' 'But what would tbun becomo of mo? I should bo , no wife. I sliould bo set adrift—' . 'Yes, 'Missy, But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not permit things to go so far. Per haps ln- will hot allow you to marry my lord. -Gilbert la a selfish fellow and means to look out for himself, and lie won't caro what becomes of you. 1' think ho brought my lady hero to piny ghost. I think ho means to exact a good price from my lord and from Lady Ohittywnd'B relatives, nnd thcu rcstoro hor to them as one from tho dend.' Miss Monk looked terrified. 'What aliali wo do?' slio whispered. ' What shall wu do, Uigcc 1' ' L'ave It all to me, Wo must not sufter Clilbuit to suspect how much wo know of lilfl plans. I will outwit, lilm and destroy tlio girl. Leave it to mu, t say.. My lady Is at ' Mrs, Growl's lodgings,' nt Eastbourne.. You must send mo to Hnstboiirno to-day, Missy, to match some of your embroideries or trimmings, or sumcthing.' ' But he will not keep licrnl Kastbourno, where she is known. Ho will take her to London, nnd conceal lier thuro until ho Is ready to diuclouo the fuct that she lives,' 'Then I'll go to London, too,' enid the Hindoo, with a rcsoluto gleam iu lior eyes. ' I'll bo moro that u match for him.' Miss Monk put nstdo her chocolntc, Inking a draught of stronger drink to 'steady her noma.' Then slio allowed hnrsulf to bo dressed in hor luxuriant Eastern style, and at nine o'clock was ready for brenkfott. Slio bade ltagee await her return to hor chamber, nud descended .to tho breakfast room. * Lord Ohotwynd was already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk? ivhs very 'amusing, with a forced gaiety, 'but Ghctwynd was un mti'ally silent and abstracted, ?:;: 7'. ??? , . ,v ? : '* \ ' Anything. 1 call do for you in town, Sylvia I' iiii|tiirtd Honk, carelessly, as ho received his second cup ot coffca nt the hands of the waiter. ' lfnvc you any c.oiumnudB for jeweller, dressemker, boot maker or milliner? I shall b? pleased to excentc any wish you may entertain. I am going up to London to- night.' 'Ah, indeed I' said Miss Muiik. 'If you will look in at Howell & James's, and impure when iny opal bracolot will be finished, I shall be obliged. Sha'i you be gone long V' ' A day or so— possibly j« week, Botlsby A; Nuwiiiiui expect mo, nnd business is busi ness, you know,' In tlio early evuilng. iiiimedintely after dinuct, Gilbert Monk orove over to Hast bourn:', and to the staiiun. Ho arrived at tho lusi moment, nud wns ushered into a flrat clnss compartment oeouplud by two veiled ladies, of whom ono waa Lady Ciict. wytul and the other Mrs. Growl. '.Clio train had begun to move, wLcn the door of tho second.c'nsB couipartuie.lt ad joining was huriio ly opened by tho guatd, and a bent old woman, with a painted white face, gray hair, n fiilled cap, and a liugo scuttle bonnet, wns pushed in, nnd tlio door hr.slily shut upon her. Thil Hid womiin was Ilngeo, tbo Hindoo I Aud thus, enviroued by hor enemies, young Lady Ghctwynd journeyed up to Loudon, OHAl'IEU XX. I.N A STA-./S 01' UN0KHTA1NTY. On arriving at the Loudon Bridge termi nus, Gilbert Monk alighted from tho first class eoncli ho had occupied with young Lady Gbetwynd nnd Mrt. Growl on tho jour ney up from Eastbourne, and raising hiBlint to them as to utter strangoif, bo oroBaed tho platform and entered a Hansom cab, bidding tho driver convey him to Haskell's Family Hotel, Piccadilly, l''lack appeared from a second-class coach near at hand, and cBcortod Lady Ohotwynd ami Mrs. Growl too four-wheeled cab, aa. nistcd them into tho vehicle, mounted the box with the driver, nnd gavo thu same ordor Monk had giveu— Haskell's Family Ilotol, Piccadilly, Ail old bent woman — tlio Hindoo ayah cleverly disguised— had appeared from the sucond-clasB carriage adjoiuing thecompnrt nient iicaupicd by Lady Ghctwynd, and heard the orilois of Monk and Flack, and now en tered a cnb and gave precisely tlio samo order they had giveu— Hoskell'a Family Hotel, Piccadilly. Inthucoursu of an hour tlioroaftur tlio three several parties were comfortably iiuartercd in tho quiet family hotel they had designated. Tho hour waB lntc, and Gilbert M»uk did not boo Bernico again that ovening. Tho Hindoo woman regis tered n false nnmo, and ascertained that Lady Ckelwyr.d was registered 03 MIsb Gwyu of Gnrnurvon. This discovery Afforded the ayah food for thought and speculation throughout thu re mainder of that night. Tlio next morning, aftor eating a solitary breakfast in tho colVeo-room of tho liotol, Gilbert Monk ordered a cab, and went up to Lady Giictwynd'B privnto parlor. Ho I found her lying upon a couch near the window, with lior bnir uucoullncd, hor fane pale, and wearing an exprctsion of physical Butlering. Her whlto brows wero contracted in pain, aud she was manifestly unable to travel. Monk gavo a start ot dismay. 'What is to bo done?' iio asked, in a tono of perplexity. 'Bball I send for a pliytielau ?' ' Bho needs n day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food,' said Mrs. Growl. ' I can treat her nu woll ns a pliysioinn could, Mr. Monk. I'll havo hor ready to Btart for Wales in n day or two.' Monk reluctantly went out and dismissed his cab, aud announced at the ofilec of tlio hotel that he Bhould prolong his stay a day or two further, lie then returned to Lady Clietwynd's parlor with a parcel of morning papers, resolved upon making tlio best of a bad situation. Hu found Mrs. Growl concocting on egg nog for the benefit of her patient. Burnluo drank tho preparation meekly, and presently droppod asleep. Mrs. Growl pushed an arm. chair to the hearth, in conveuient proximity to tlio Chair occupied by Monk, and seated her self, her glunecs fixed upou the beautiful sleeper. '? How lovely slio is I' tho woman whis pered. Blio is supurhly, radiantly benutl ful.- And sbo ia bo frank, so honest, bo gentle, so unsuspicious of harm I Bho Is n real lady through anil through. I should like to It vo with her always, Sir. Monk, I wonder how you run have seen her grow beautiful under your veiy eyes, nnd become nccomplishcd nnd fit to udoiu the Queen's drawlng-rocin, nnd yet not fnll in lovo with her I' . Monk's paper fell to his knees, nnd Ids swarthy i'uco Unshed with tho consciousness of u now and suddenly concuived passion for Bornico. Mrs. Crowl read Ilia flush and ngitatlou aright, Bho looked nimized, then pleased. 'Why, 1 never havo suspected that you lovo Miss Gwyn,' sbo exclaimed, ' It's something nuw even to you, 1 know, Mr, Mi'ulr. I nin delighted air, and I hope that if you win hor you will allow mo to remain with her always. I should nsk no thing bettor tbau tolivo with MIsb Gwyn all my life.' 'I do not know what Miss Gwyn will say to a marriage with mo,' H.iid Moult, thought fully. ' Blio llkea mo and trusts mo, that I know. Blio trusts you also, nud you might drop a word now and then about my dove lion to her, and prepare her to reccivo favor nbly, in good tiiuo, n proposal of marriage from mc. If slio marries mo, Mrfl. Growl, you shall bo her lady housokeeper, at u handBomo salary, as long nu you live.' Mib Growl's oyeB sparkled with dolight, ' I advlso you to lot lior know that you lovo her, sir,' slio whispered, 'Give her Bomothing clso to think of bcaidca old tronbloB, Tnko my word for it, sho'll feel flattered nnd plnasud, nnd sho'll soon got used to thu idea and like it. She loves you uow as a sister ; it's only a atop further to lovo you ns your bride.' Monk'H perceptions nnd intnltioua not bo. ingof tlio finest, ho was glad to accept his confederate's estimate of l)ernicc,nud to act upon it. Ho resolved that ho would do nothing to lessen Ilernlcc's trust in him, but that ho would dollcatcly Intimate to hor, nt tlio first suitable opportunity, that although Lord Glietwynd had forgotten lior, thero waB ono still who adored hor, and would dovoto his life to her if she would permit lilm. The opportunity hu desired did noi.occur before evening, when, uftcr eating bis din ner in tbo cofl'co.room, Monk roturncd to Lady Ghctwynd's puilor, Tlio gas was lighted horti, and tlio curtains wero drawn. The tiro burned chcorlly on tbo hearth, nnd boforo it sat Bernico, still pale, but with a brighter look ou her proud, ilnrk facu. She looked stronger, too, than in the morning, aud giccted Monk with nsmilo. Ho waB delighted at tho change in her, and BAt down near bor, his faco beaming. ' I feared that you had retired,' ho Bsid, 'but you aro almost woll again, Bornlce. Mrs, Orowl is a physician no woll as a nurse. I am persuaded thntyou will bo ublo to con tlnuo yonr journoy in tho morning.' Mrs. Growl appoarcd from the iuuerroom, attired for tho street. ' I suppose wo aro to go on to tho castlo to-morrow, Mr. Monk,' slio said,' and I havo n few purchases to tuako iu town, so I must rauko them to-night. Miss Gwyn wob not so wtnk ns I feared. Her wrist is better, all tho inflammation being gouo from It, and she is quite ablo to'.'travcl. I tilinll bo back in an hour, having only to go in',o Oxford street if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow mo.' Bernico gavo assent, and Mrs. Crowl de parted, i And now was come the opportunity MmiU had craved, in whi:h to tell llernice his lore for her. But how was he to do it ? Whilo he hesitated iu what maimer to be vin his intended communication, Bcrnice brnko tlio silence, 'Gilbert,' sbo said, hesitatingly, 'I've been thinking to-day, during my lev waking hours, of how strangely I air. situated. You tell mu that, luiviug apparently died, anil haviug actually been buried, I havo ceased to be Lord C'hi'twynd's wife. Yin; buve been kip.d to 'lie, G'.'.beit, You havo saved my lifo twice ; you havo given me rare opportunities for impiovcmeiit, an;', havo been a noble brother to mo, ]!.-y will marry Sylvia souii, mid I am left utterly alone, with,, na future to louk fur wnrd to. 1 can ncyer liopo to reward you for your goodness tome, I am n helplbss burden upon you, mul t kuow that you arc poor. 1 cannot content til be a burden to you any longer.' ' What da you propose doing V ' I have no further intercat in England. I wont to go Bomcwiicru where I have at least a Hhndow of n claim upon some one. It i,-. April, Gilbert, and ships can visit 8t. Kiiila I wriiI you, ne a last fnvcr tu me, to procuro mo passage to my old island home.' MonlcV fa; 3 grow sobor, even to sad ncBs, 'You havo no homo at St. Kikh now, Bernitj,' ho said. '1 don't know how to toll you, but it ia bettor to say tho truth nt once. Mr. aud Mrs. (hvellnn worn both drowned nt cen last month, 011 a voyage from St. Kilda to G1 ibjjow. It was in ali tho papers— a sad ntTair — ' Ho paused, nllVighted nt tho dead white ness of tho girl'a face, and at thu wild Icoh in her great brown eyes. ' Dead I' alio sr.ld, ' Drowned ?' ' Yes, Bornice. It was n terrible acci dent. Tbo boat— a fishing craft— wont down in a gnlo, with nil on board,' ' Dead I— drowned I' repented the low, plteoiu voice, with its wild strain of inuru dulity. 'Dead I Oh, Heaven I'' The girl oovcrcd her faco with her lmndB. aud was motionless and dumb in li*:r great: horror and despair. Monk did not dare to bfak the Bilence. Ho had expected tears and moans, and was awe-struck nnd fright ened nt tlio manner iu which Beinicc bad received tho fatal liens. _ Tlio alow minutes wore on. ileriiieu lifted her head nt last, aud turned toivnril; him her white, nuguished face, and her eye?, full of brooding horror. Bhe had.slied .no tears, aud Monk trembled ua lie looked upon a grief so tnute, so terrible, ' Thoy are nil gouo uow,' alio said, in her broken voice— all gone I Poor father and mother 1 Thoy aro bappy in heaven. It is better bo. I would not have them back.' 1 'Mr. Givellan wa- atllicled with lientt disease, nnd was 011 his way to Kcotland to consult a physician,' said Monk, soothingly, ' llu could not bnvu lived much longer, at tho best, '1'bcy Imvo Bcut out a nuw minis-, tor to St, Kllda, nud you niny find no place there.' 'Is thoro a place nuy whore for mu?' asked Bernico, brokenly. ' 1 have 110 right to any nnmo, 110 homo anywhere. I tuu only n dependent upon you. 1 did lint mind Hint, Gilbert, when 1 expected to go back to ltoy and to have uieaua .to, ropny you, nt least for tho niouuy you havo expended ou mu so generously ; but now] I cannot bu dependent, longer, t If 1 liavu ceased to ho lloy's wifo, 1 liavo censed to bo your sister, I shall no louder bo a dead weight upou you.' 'My poor littlo Bernico? What can 1 eay to you ? You are no dependout upou mo. I freely givo you all 1 have. I loved you us n brother from tlio moment I aaw you. It wns that brotherly love tlmt took mo to your tomb for n last look upon your facc. It wns that lovo that made ma refuBO to nelicvo you dend, even when Cliotwynd hnd cnusod you to bo put, lis hu Bupposed, tor ever out of Ida sight. During these pool, fifteen months I havo watched tlio unfolding of your beauty with tenderer affection still.' Aud now, Buiuice, I lovu you with nll'uiy heart anil soul. Gouiu to me, Bernico. You aro not nlonb wh'Io I live. Gomu to mo, iny darling. -Bo my wifo, and let mu devote my days to thu task of making you happy.' Ho held out liis urms to hor, but slut shrank from blm, trembling like n leaf. 'And you, aluo I' slio whispered. 'I have lobt my last friend. All, now I nui in deed alouu 1' ' I do not understand you, llernice.' ' My friend is transformed into^n lover,' said llernice, sorrowfully, 'aud I liavoloBt my friend.' 'But you havo pained far moro than you have lost, Bornlce,' said Monk, gently, yet urgently. ' Yuu liavo gained boiiiu one to Bharo your sorrows, to minister ,to yon, to rejoice with you in your joys, to weup when you weep ; some 0110 to whom tho world is brighter becnuso you live lu it ; somo ono who, for your sake, striven every day to be a better and nobler man,' ; . 'Ob, Gilbert I Don't talk to 1110 like this 1 All I have left is my, self-respect, and that I must innintaiu. To bo perfectly frank with yon, my French governess has repeatedly asked 1110 what rclationahip I bear to you, and has oflon told mo that, if 1 wero not your iclulivu, nor a young lady of fortune under your guardianship, I ought to leavo your protection, for my very uamii's sake. Aud bo, Gilbert, I am not going back to Mawr Castlo. I wnut you to crown all your obligations to mo by letting 1110 ro main licrn at this liotol with Mra. Growl, until you can procure for me a suitable situ ation.' ' You nre surely wild, Bernico. I slmll not consent to this nb.su rd seheinu of self support. If you will not bo my wife, you slinil bu my sister and ward, but I shall not let you go from me. In tiiuo, I know 1 shall win yuu to homy wifo.' He arose, took bet hand aud felt her pu'30. It was throbbing fiercely ? with feverish quickness, lie feared to excite her by fur ther discussion, and to strengthen her in her uow resolves by further coinbuling them. After n fuw remarks, therefore, 011 indifferent Bubjects, aud an expression of sympathy lu her beroavouicut of ber foster parents, Monk took his depurtiiru. He closed tho door buhiud hliu softly, and wont down stairs aud out into thu street, half nngry with himself for having broached tho subject of his lovo until after Bylvia's marriage to Lord Ohotwynd. Ou Bernico being left to herself, her thoughts reverted to her foBtcr-pnrenls, nud the ti'ai'Bthnt had refused to full bofore fell now in ft heavy lain. The violence of her grief si, on exhausted her. Pale, and with short, sobbing breaths, slio lay back lu her chair like a flower nearly beaten out of lifo by sumo feaiful storm ; nnd as she lay thero the door softly opened, nnd 1111 old woman in the rusty alpaca gown, a scuttle bonnet, nnd n heavy black lncc veil over her face, slowly nnd silently entered tho room, closing tlio door bohiud her. It wnsthu Hindoo ayah. Tho old East Indian ayah's disgulso wns perfect, and Bernico could not have detected undor it her mortal enemy. It must have beon, tlien,soiiio subtlo instinct that warned young Lady Ghctwynd of tho near preseuco of danger. Btie roso up Bwiftly and silently and retreated toward tho door of hor bed room adjoining, hor big brown oyes diluting, and her white face, under all its calm bravery, indicating a quick, Bpnsmudlo terror. 'This is n privato room; madam,' she said, with n gesture toward tlio door, en deavoring (c speak quietly. Tho disguised nyuh enmo n pnee nenror. Bomothing in her stealthy movement, liko the springing 6tcp of a tiger, reminded Ber nico of tho Hindoo woman, and sbo knew her unilur all her difgulBO. Th'j young marchioness nindo a further retreat. 'If you d,o not withdraw immediately,' said her ladyship, 'I shall ring this bell,' T'u ayah tumbled in lur pi;c'»ol and drew f'll!- fl soiled :C'i.p of paper, oil which .vjiiiu winds wero written. Then she iuo\cd to wind young l.idy Ghctwynd, extruding tho paper ns she did bo ; and llcinice'sshnrpt'iied vi.iioii caught the, gleam of a gla?« rial in the woman's band. The young girl had conceived 11 11 awful terror of the etcallliy Hindoo. Bho knew that thu woman had followed her up to London with iulctil to kill her ; nu t ou the rc-.;..c;:t, hb the woman thus nppruachcd ber with tlio extended document, the gill sprang iack into her own room, and closed t'uo .luor and. bolted it, iu a panic of nffrigld Thc^ct announced to tlio Hindoo ayali lluit ber identity was discovered, and that mulling remained for her but retreat. She made thu retreat immediately, Ml^piug buck to her own worn, and leaving her door ajar, Slio had barely thus hidden herself, when aho hoard a rustling sound iu the corridor, und beheld from tVc gloom of her darkened loom tho powerful figure of Mrs. Orowl, ns that poison, laden with parculj, passed iuto Lady Ghctwynd's parlor, Hcrnlce had told Mrs. Growl of her si meter Visitor, but both supposed that the Hindoo woman lmd quitted tho house, nnd they did not consider it wiso to raisu a futile ainim. The various excitements of tho evening bad altogether provs-'. too much for llernice to caduro calmly, aud slio went to ber bed. Mrs. Crowl Bat up to acquaint Monk with tho fnct ot the Hindoo woman's visit, I Gilbert Monk was passing tlie door on his way' to his own room about ten o'clock, when Mrs. Crowl, recognising his step, vent out nnd callcd him into Lady Clietwynd's parlor. Blio told him of llagcc's visit, anil lie listened in honor and amaxemcnt. 'It scums, then,' said Monk, ' that the old niudoo witch ha9 discovered Bernico's assumed nanny She must have followed up up ftoin Eiistbournu to this very hotel. She means death to Bornlci'. We'muBt watch our charge. Wo will leave London in the morning, nnd wo must contrivo to throw that witch oft our tiail. If she were once to know the wny to Mawr castlo, Bernico would never bo safe. This is a bad business, I nai uneasy — afraid,' llu wcr.t up to ,liis room with a gloum upou him that be could not shake off. Meanwhile Bornice, alone in her own bed room, was not asleep. Blio wns thinking. She reviuwed in detail nil the events of her short life, Blio realised her desolation. She said to herself that she wns forgotten by all who know her, and that there was no place for her on earth 11 h Bernico Cliotwynd. Bho shrank from living longer depcv.ilent upon Gilbert Monk. 8I10 believed now that ho expected 11 recompense for all his caro of her iu the slmjio of lior linnd in marriage. Loving her husband with all her heart, she could not marry Monk. And, atrnngely enough, now that Monk had avowed for her a lovo deeper than tbe lovo of a brother, she began toshrink from hliu and to feel a sense of repulsion against him. She must earn her living Rome time ; why not begin nt onec? She waB fully competent to Instruct children ; why should she nut do so? Slio could net return to Mawr Castlo, and Mock would uot consent to nllow her to leave his care. She must, then, if she in tended to help herself, go away secretly. And in stealing away from tliosn slio be lieved to be her friends, licrnico believed that she would alsocscapo from the one she know to to bu bur enemy. Bho began to bo 111 lin'sto to bo gouc, At daybreak Bernico was up nud dressed. Mrs. Crowl hail not visited her dining the night, and was uow sleeping heavily in her own room on thu other side of the parlur. Bernico had pnton hcrtravulling costumo, her only outer paimcnts at command. Her little bug had been packed by Mra. Orowl for travelling. She put on 'iter hat, nnd then sat down nt her window, empt ied hor pocket-book iu her lap, nnd countcd ber small hoard of mouey, finding that Bho pes scsse.l some lifluen pounds. Bhu put hor pocket- buijk in her bossoin, and buttoned ber dress and jacket over it, Bho tied on her scurf and ber doubled gray grenadine veil. Blio wo*' all ready to start and began to find a positive relief in the thought of battling with the world for ber broad. Bho waited n little till the tido of shop girlH began '.o moro nlony I'iendiUy towards Itcgcut Gil wis, and then, with her heart tli robbing wildly, bIio arose aud unfastened her door, and stole into her private parlor, bag iu hand, Bhu could hear Mis. Crowl breathing heavily. Bhu crossed tlio Hour nud let her self out into the corridor. Gilbert Monk wassl'icplng in his room, and old Uagccwas also asleep iu hor clmiubcr opposite, uusus. iilciuus ot thu fact that her prey was escap ing her. Bornlce glided down the stairs unnoticed. Blio paused iu tho lower hall. The door at tlio privnto entrance wns open, and a boy wns engnged in scouring thu stono steps. As Buriiicu appeared, ho straggled out iuto the street to spook to n passing shop-boy, aud young Lady Ohotwynd passed out ut tho open door into tho street unchal lenged. — (7ii be Contimtni.) Tjii'.hu waa 01100 a Booloh farmer famed for bis strength, who waa often challenged by people from a dintanco who bad heard ol liiH reputation. One day thoio arrived from London Lard D., a well-known amateur pugilist. Ha found tho Boot working in a Hold. 'Friend,' caid bis loidship, alter first tying bis horea to a tree, ' I h4vo coma a long wny to ace which 0! us ia tho best wrestler.' Without snyirg a word tlio farmer soizod him around the middle, pitched him over the hedge, nnd resumed his work. Gib iordbbip slowly gathored himself to gether, whereupon the fanner said : ' Woli, have you auything moro to ety to mo I' ' No,'' replied Lord D., ' but perhaps you'll bo so good as to throw mo my borsu.' Mil. Bitow:u:,'o used often to speak to friends of tho only occasion on which he over apoko to^thu queen, Bumo vcars ago, the latu Dean of Westminster aud Lady Augusta Btanley iuvitcd him among others to tea nt tho Deanery to meoti thu queen, nnd Garlylo was 0110 of the party, Tbo queen began to talk to Garlylo and expressed her opinions on oomu matter with which ho diffetcd, »nd bo, as usual, contiuilicted bar and silenced her. As the queen left tho room, till 0 stopped at tho door tu speak to Mr. Browning aud say good-bye, remarking : 'What a very extraordinary man Mr. Garlylo is I Douu ho nlwayB talk liku that I I never mot him before,' Mr. Browning wau only ablo to aeBuro ber that it was bin iuvuriablu custom, A H'roiiY is told ut a certain mayor of Cork who hcadud a deputation to tho lata Euipuror of tho French, and oommonacd an oration to Ills majesty iu what bo couceivcd to bo tho French tongue. 'Pardon 111c,' said the emperor, after bo had listened to tho spocch with muoh patienco; ''English I kuow fairly well ; but I regret to Kay, I havo novcr lmd an oppor tunity ot studying tho Irish language.' ltv/xr.Kit : ' I saw Mrs. Kendall in ' A Setup of I'upcr ' tho othor nigtit.' Datszlor : ' And thoy cull her a moral woman I Woll, i ehould liko to seo my wife exhibiting herself lu that make-up,' Tivo Irishmen walking along Sutter strco! stopped under u eigu printed in Ilcbrow let ters. ' Au' what's that, Moiko?' naked one. 'Bcgorra, I dunno but ef Oi had moi fluto, hang mo of Gi wuldn't troi to play it,' T111; difterenoo between a baohclor and a banker is that ono is a loncsomo follow and the other is t lona eutn fellow. 