2 WHOSE WAS Till': H A N M Bv Mis- 1 BRAIILW. Author of " Lady Audley 'a Secret," «Phantecn Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes,' E ""Cut by the County," "Taken at tbe Floci," " Weavers and Weft," *" One T'beag Needful, 1 " "Mohawks," &c; , CHAPrES XII. FLOBESTAK'S MiASICK. Florestan lunched with Mr. and Mrs. Arden on the day after their meeting at the opera. It was the lady who gave him tbe invitation. He had always bsen a favourite of here cince the time Iwhenhe sold MM meadow, and earlier, when he had just left Eton fcr the superior independence of the University; and in this busy Paris, crowded with«trange faces, she had been pleased to meet with a familiar f aoe, a faoe associated with the cloudlets years of her fint marriage. Everything waa dear to her that brought back the memory of that time. Was she happy with her second huetsand No, she war not; unless gratitude -and a placid submission to the decree of late mean happinesB. She had drifted into this second marriage upon the strong tide of Ambrose Arden s passionate love—a love which had gathered force with each long year of waiting, and which had become a power that no ordinary woman could resist Such a passion, so exceptional in its patient enduranoe, ite intense concentration, will compel love, or at least the surrender of liberty, and the submission to woman's destiny, which is, for the most part, to belong to some one stronger than herself. She had- submitted to this mastery, and she was grateful for that devoted affection which knew no wavering, which had lost none of Itsromantic intensitywiththe wanlngof She honeymoon.' No woman could be heedless of cnch a love as this, from sueh a man as Ambrose Arden; and his wife was deeply touohed by his idolatory, and gav« him back all that a woman can give whose heart is cold as marble. Tenderness, deference, companionship she could give, and she gave them; but the love she nad lavished on Robert Hztrell was a fire that had burnt out. It was not in Ambrose Arden's power to rekindle tbe flame. „, , Never since the first year of her widowhood had her thoughts reourred so incessantly to the past as they had done since her second marriage, i In her life with her daughter, they two as sale companions, something of her girlish gaiety had returned to her. She had become almost a girl again in adapting herself to a girl companion. IQ her anxiety to keep the burden of sorrow off those youthful shonlders she had shaken off the shadow of her own sad memories, and had given herself tip to girlhood's small pleasures and frivolous interests. But since her marriage— since her chief companion had been Ambrose Arden, and not Daisy, a deep oloud of melancholy had come down upon her mind. The image of her first husband had become a ghost that walked beside her path and stood beside her bed; and the memory of her happiest years had become a haunting memory that came bet ween her and every charm and every interest that her present life could offer, Thus it was that Bhe had been eager to Bee more of 4 Florestan, and had asked him to luncheon at their hotel. ThiB timeithey were at the Bristol, And it was in a salon on the second floor, looking out npon the Place Vendome, that they received Gilbert Florestan. Daisy beamed upon him in a white straw hat trimmed with spring flowers, and a neat little!grey checked gown, made by one of those epicene tailor* who give their minds to the embellishment of the female figure. She had a [bunch of lilliesof the valley pinned npon her breast, a bunch which Cyril had j ust bought for in the Rue Castiglione. They had been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that the great oity was a vulgar, glaring, dusty hole, yet very delighted to attend his sweetheart in her explorations, and to show her everything that was worth looking at. . . . " I hope I have satiated her with churches,'' he said ; " we have driven all over Paris, and have gone up and down so many steps that I feel as if I had been working on the treadmill. We wound up with a scamper In Pfere la Chaise." "It was a scamper," exolaimed Daisy, " He would hardly let me look at any of the monuments. They are all mixed up in my mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, classical temples and Egyptian obelisks — Balzac, Rachel, the Russian Princess who was burned to death at a ball, Desclee, Thiers, Abelard and Hfloise. I could spend a long day roaming about in that place of names ana memories, and Cyril took me through the alleys almost at a run." "Why should a gill want to prowl about a cemetery, unless she is a ghoul, and is mipping out -the plaoe in order to go back there | in the night and dig ?" Cyril protested with 1 • disgusted air. " I would rather hare to | stand and wait while you looked at all the I shopB in the Rue de la Pais." I The luncheon was a very lively meal, for I both Cyril and Florestan were full of talk and I vivacity, and Daisy talked as much as they | let her, leaving Ambrose Arden and his wife free to look on and listen. They had spent their moraine together among tbe secondhand bookshops on the Qaai Voltaire, where the scholar had found two or three treasures an sixteenth century literature, and where the echolar's wife had hunted for herself among volumes of a lighter and more modern character, and had selected some small additions to the carefully chosen library at River Lawn, a collection which had been growing ever since Robert Hatrell's death bad made her in some way dependant upon books for companionship. After lunch, Florestan suggested a pilgrim age to Sti Dennis, and offered to act as cicerone, an offer which Daisy accepted eagerly, so a roomy carriage was ordered, and Mrs, Arden, her daughter, and the two young men set out for the resting place of Royalties, leaving Ambrose free to go back to the bookshops. " It isn't a bad day for a drive," said Cyril, as the landau bowled along the broad lerel toad ontside the city, " but I am Borry that we are pandering to Miss Hatrell's ehouiiek testes by hunting after more graves." • There was more discussion that evening as to how long the River Lawn party should remain in Paris. They had arrived from Italy two davs before, and while they were ia Venice "Mrs. Arden had seemed anxious to return to England, and had confessed herself homesick. In Paris she seem disposed for delay. ( > I can't fluite understand you, Clara," said her husband; " all your yearning for home •eems to.have left you." " I am as anxious as ever to go home, bat there is something I want to do in Paris." "What is that?'' " Oh, it ia a very small matter. 1 would rather not talk about it." Ambrose looked at her wonderingly. This iras the first time since their marriage that she had refused to .tell him anything. He did not press the .point, -however. The matter in question might' be some feminine frivolity, some business with dressmakers or milliners which it was no part of a husband's business to know. Later on in the evening his wife asked a question apropos to .nothing. " Does iMr. Florestan know Paris particularly well?" Cyril answered her. " He tells me that he knows Paris by heart, and all her works and ways. He has lived here a good deal off and on, and now he has established his pied in theChampB Elys£es, and means to winter here and summer at FountHinhead. You will -have him for a neighbour, Daisy. I hope you are not going to make me jealous by taking too -much notice of him." He spoke with the easy gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who is so secure in the possession of his sweetheart's affection that he can afford to make a jest of the possibilities which might alarm other men, Daisy first blushed, and then laughed at the suggestion. " Poor Mr. Florestan!"' she sighed, father or mother, ho sister or brother:! Nobody to be happy or unhappy about 7 What Bn empty life his mnst be." " Oh, the fellow is luoky enough. He has a pretty old place and a good income. He is young and clever—and—well—yes—I suppose Be is handsome." Daisy offered no opinion. " Decidedly handsome," said Ambrose Arden, looking np from the chessboard at which he and his wife were seated. . _Clara had never touched a card since the sightly rubber came to an end with her first husband's tragical death; but she pi lyed chess nearly every evening with her second husband, who was a fine player, and (ntentely enjoyed the game. His wife played j nst well enough to make the game intetesting, and then there was for him an unfailing delight in having her for his antagonist; the delight of watching her thoughtful face, with the varying expression as she deliberated uuon her play; the delight of touching her bitxl now and then as it moved among tbe pieces ; the delight of hearing her low street voice. This life could give him no greater joy than her (companionship. It' had been the end Mid aim of his existence for long and patient years. Mrs. Arden sent Florestan a telegram n-x* morning, asking him to call upon her as eirly as he oould before luncheon. Her husband was going to spend hie morning at the sale of a famous library, and she would be free to carry out an idea which she had enter tailed since her meeting with Florestan at ^he opera. Jit, Arfep<htd npt bees t[(m mere than a fjuartics of an fesnr fcsfore Tnrwstan wac !" annouaced. Cyril and ©aisy were sight I seeing, and Mrs. Arden was etene in the j salon. She was sitting near one of tbe windows, with her travelling desk on c table before: her. She thanked Florestan for his proc-.pt attention to her request, and ciotioned hfe to a seat oc tbe otfeer side of the writing table. " I am Eofafi to ask you to do me a great favour, Mr. fiorestan," she sai&very; seriously, " although our friendship hac been so interrupted aad eo casual that I btve hardly tny claim upon you." All that was ardent and fr&tu; and generous tbe man wfeo effected cynicism awakened by this deprecating appeal, and perhaps still more toy the patfeetic expression of C the iLa soft hasel ll 1, -rm\ eyes and AHfl She faint lainf tremulonsnessof the lower'lip. intOkll. YOB have the etrongect claim," he answered eagerly. "There is nothing 'I would not do |te ehow myself worthy to be considered your friend. If we have cot Been very much of eaeb other we have at - least been acquainted ior a long time. I remember your daughter when she wecelmoBt a iaby. I remember" He checked himself as he was approaching a theme that ought pain her. " You remember my husband," she said, interpreting hie embarrassment. "It is of him I want to talk to -you. I think yea are good and true, Mr. Florestan, and lam going to trust you with the secrets of the dead. I am going to shew you -some old letters— letters written to my dear dead husband— which I would nst show to any body ic this world if I did not hope that so ne good, some satisfaction to me and to my daughter, might come oat of the light these letters can give." " My dear Mrs. Arden, yoa.do not sorely hope that after all tbeee years the murderer will be found through any due that the past can afford f " I don't know what I hope—but it want to find a woman who loved my husband very tenderly and truly before ever I saw his face. Shewas a friendless girl in this city,-a girl who had to work for her living, but her letters are the outcome of a refined nature, and I feel a strange and melancholy interest in her. My heart yearns towards the woman who loved my husband in his youth, and who might have been his wife but for dHierenoe of caste." Did your husband tell you about this youthtul love affair?' " He alluded to it laughingly once or twice during our happy married life; but 1 knew nothing more than that he had once been in love ffith a French grisette, until the week before my second marriage. I had a curious fancy before that great change in my life to go back upon the past." There was a grave regretfulness in her tone at this poi&t; which was a revelation to Florestan._ "And I occupied myself for a whole -night, when every one else in the houBe had gone to bed in looking over my husband's papers. 'I had been through them more than once before, and had classified and arranged them as well as I could ; but 1 suppose I was not very businesslike in my way of doing this, for among some commonplace letters from old oollege friends I.found a little packet of letters in a woman's hand, which I had overlooked before." She opened her desk as she spoke, and to->k out a small packet of letters tied with a piece of red tape. There had been no sentimental indulgence in the way of satin ribbon for the milliner's poor little letters. The tape was faded and old, and it was the same piece which Robert flatrell's own hand bad tied round them. " Please read one or two of those letters, and tell me if they speak to your heart as they spoke to mine," she said as she put the packet into Florestan's hand. He untied the tape, counted the letters, seven in all, and then began to read the letter of earliest date. " Rue Chauve Souris, Faubourg St. AntoiBe. "Sth May. It was like a day spent in Heaven while we were together yesterday. £ felt as if it was years and years einee £ had seen green fields and a river. Oh. the beautiful river, . and the island where we dined. 1 did not think there was anything so lovely within an hour's journey from Paris. Ah, how good - it was of you to give a poor hard-working girl so much pleasure. I have been in Paris more than a year, and no one ever showed me a glimpse of green fields until yesterday My brother was too busy with bis inventions, and there was no one elBe. I wonder at your goodness, that you should take eo much trouble for a poor girl; and that you should not be ashamed to be seen with any one BO Bbabby and insignificant." Three other letters followed, telling the same story of a Sunday in the environs of Paris, of the woodB and the river, and the rapture of being with him. Gradually the pen hand grown bolder, and it was of love the girl wrote to hi-r lover—a humble, con fiding, romantic girlish lore, which took no thoaght for the morrow, asked no eeestions, suffered from no agonies of doubt. She wrote as if her happiness were to know no change—as if thoBe Sunday excursions to pleasant plaoes were to go on for over. She told, him how ehe had gone to mass before she met him at the railway station, or the steam boat pier, and how ehe had prayed fer him at the altar. The later letteie had a more serioue tone, and breathed the fear that her dream must come to an end. " It has bBen like a dream to know pop: and be loved by you," she wrote; " but is the dream to end ia darkness, and the long doll life that would be left for me if you were to go away and forget me? I suppose muet be so. I have been too kappy to remember that such happiness could not last. You will go back to your own couEtry, and fall in love with a young Englieh lady, and forget that you ever spent happy days on tbe Seine, laughing and talking witk voer poor Toinette. You will forget the harbour on the Island where we dined in the twilight, while mdeio and singing west past us ic the boats, while we sat hidden .behind vine leaves, and heard everything without being seen. Oh, how sweet it was5 I shall never Bee any more stars like those that shone down npon us as we came from Marly one night sitting side -by. side on a beach on the roof of tbe train, I shall never see the river in Paris without thinking that it is the same river on which our boat has drifted, oh, so lazily, while we have talked and forgotten everything except our own fases and oar own. voices. All that was beautiful in the river and. the landscape eeemed not oufctide us, .but a part of ourselves and of oar love," There wa? rnore In the same strain, buj' later the t" ' >anged to saddeBt minor. " I kne • cannot marry me; iudeed, I never thou,: ,v ..i hoped to be your wife. I only wanted pur love to go on as long as it could. I wanted it to go on for ever, asking no more than to see you now and then, once a week, once in a month even—ah, even ones in a year!. I could live all through a long dull year in .the hope of seeing you for one blessed hour oo-.New Year's Day. Is that too much to ask? ,You cannot guess how little would content me—anything except to lose you forever. The day that you say to me ' Good-by, Toinette, we shall never meet again,' will be the day of my death. You are the better part of. my life. I cannot live without you. * I think of you in every hour of the day. , I think of you with every stitch my needle makes through the long hours in which I sit at work. The sprig of willow you picked when we were in the boat last Sunday is like a living thine to me—as precious as u it had a soul and could sympathise with me in my love.and fay sorrow." Floreetan read on till the laet word in the last letter. "Do those sad little.letters touch you as they touched me ?" asked Clara. " Yes, they .are pretty little letters. They are full of a tender,, sentimental love which might mean much or little. There is no knowing how much reality there is in all this sentiment—women are acreages from their cradle. Tbey can simulate everything —love or hate or pride or jealousy ; nothing comes amiss to them. -.Bat there is a pretty little air of celf-abnegation in these letters which takes my fancy, iust as it took yours, " I believe that the sentiment in them ia real," said Clara, "andl want to know what becameofthispoor girl aftGr thelastletter was written. I want to know whether she is living or dead. Remember,it was her name that was used to lure my husbud to his death. There must have bBen some link between the murderer and that girl.'' " Ah. I remember. There waa a woman's name mentioned." " Yes, Colonel MacOanald heard the name. It was Antoinette. He hal heard my hus^ band cpeak of a griscVte with whom he had ODce been in love." " Do you think the gift was concerned in tbe murder?' 1 " 'lhe girl who wrote .those letters ? No, assuredly not," " There ire women whose slighted love turns to remorseless hate," said Floreetia Kot such a woman as the writer of tbose letterH £he is so humble, so nnseltish, ehe swipts btr fat« in advance. Ko. I am sure ti'.- is £>iod woman. I w&nt; to '2nd her if I •ii . to help ber ii ehn is poor and friendless. 1 vjut to rind her for ber own E^ice ; bat still D! -re- fyr mino. She may be able to gi^e tbe clue to the murderer, tier name v/as used as a lure, and very few people can have kao vn that Robert ever oarud for that girl. Th-2 man who marie tbat vil« U6C of li«r ui:nr mutt have knowG of tha ! . ; old love alTiir. 1U may hive l;»?en the brother of vrhum eir; writes." " My dear Mrs. Arden, would it not l>e wiser—in your circumstances, with new ties —a husband who worships you, a daughter who adores you—wpuld ii not be wiser to 3raw a tver s tntl fooadfnt •scone in your life—thatsne tarribta i&ock; which yo« • suffered eight years age "" I c&nntot; ! 1 cannotforget the man i loved with all my heart and strength," acclaimed Clara, passionately. " Bcfou think. becarrss I have married aglia thet he is fergotten" 9 Do you think I have forgotten his He vrhioh was bright and happy, ec fall cf gladness fer himeelf aed others ; or -bis miserable dea&h; ? No, I havo not forgotten j I have married a good mac, whom I hoaocr and esteem. 3 tm as happy as the most do?oted love can au-Jis me, but I do not ferret- Ever since I foetid those letters 1 hav« been brooding over the possibility of tbe mcrdorer beiag discolored by that woman's agenoy." Do pou think that ii her brother woe the murderer she would betray him/" I thick she would <co more -have foreman hiB murderer than I -have—even if he is her brother." But she would fcaidly put a rope cound his neck." Perhaps not. Only find her for me if you can, Mr. Florestan, and I shall be-deeply grateful. Yon who fcnow Paws so weil, araij who are living here, may htve opportunities." If sbe is to be found I will "find bee. Bat these letters were written more than twelve rears ago, and the cleverest ^olioe-arent in ?aris might fail in tracing her after-each .an. interval. Remembec, we do not ever, knovr her surname. The letters haee only cne signattre—Toinette." " There iB the addraes of the house it -wnifei she lived." That is the onlf<lue. We moot begin, f upon that." " Y ou are very goad. Y on oan understand -; perhaps, why I appeal to you instead of to.my lusband. In the first plaoe he is a dreamer, and thinker rather than a -scan of action. - He knows very little of Parisian life, and. he would not know bow to set to work. And in the second plaoe, it might wound: him to know that my naiad has been dwelling upon the past," " I understand perfectly. I ooaclude that; you have told him nothing about these: etters ?" Not a word." There is one circumstance connected • with your husband's death which has always mystified me," said Florestan after a thonghtfnl pause. " How came the murderer, a foreigner and altogetherunconnected with your husband's life at Lamford, to be so well informed about his plans—to know that on such a day and at such an hour he would be on hiB way to Lincoln's Inn with a large sum of money npon his person ? The man's plans had evidently been made some davs in advance—the lodging was talren with one deadly intent. The woman who acted as an accomplice must have been taught her part in advance; the flight to the Kiviera with the money muEt have been deliberately thought out, for there was not an hour lost in the disposal of the notes. A little hesitation, a few hours' delay, and the police would have been able to track the plunder. Everything was arranged and carried out with a diabolical precision which argues foreknowledge." " I have puzzled over the same question till my brain has reeled," answered Clara. " Someone must have given the information —one of our eervantj—a lawyer's clerk, perhaps. I dismissed every servant we had at that time, as soon as I recovered from my illness, i would not have anybody about me who might even unconsciously have helped to bring about my husband's death. AU our servants knew what was going to happen. We talked of the purchase very often, and at dinner on the evening before Robert went to .London we discussed his visit to the Bank and to the lawyers, and hiB appointment to lunch with Colonel MacDonald at the Club." "It is just possible that the murderer was in your houBe that evening, and that he go every detail from one of your maid-servants. Women are such fools, and women of that class will believe everything that a smooth tongue tells them, It'was the year after the war, a time when London swarmed with exiled communistB. It was possible that this girl's brother was among them, that he harboured an Old grudge against her lover—that he took pains to find out all he could about your husband's circumstances, and, hearing of thepurchase-money which was to becarried from the Bank to the lawyer's office, conceived the desperate idea of a murder and robbery in broad daylight, in a house full of people. 1 take it-that the polioe would make some investigations in your household,although the murder occurred in London ?" " I know very little of what heppened at that time. I was too ill to be told anything that was being done—and after I recovered I had too great a horror of the past. I dared not to speak about my husband's death. Years have brought calmness, I eac think -of is now—and reason about it—though I -shall never understand why Ood has cut short that happy life in so cruel a macner— •I shall never understand the wisdom of my iieavy chastisement." iFloreBtan was silent, pitying her with all fcis heart, both for the husband she had lost, and for the husband to whom she had given herself in a loveless union. He had sesn enough of Ambrose Arden and his wife to divine that there was profound affection on the husband's side, and on the wile's only the penBive submission of a woman who has given tway her life in eelf-abnegation, pityicg the passion which sbe .cannot reciprocate. Daiejr and her betrothed came into the room ai'thie moment, che:iaden with bunches of white lilac and Mario hale Niel roses, as a tribute to her mother. It seemed to Floreetao as if Spring itseM had come dancing into tH&room; incarnate In that graceful figure in a cream- coloured -frock and sailor hat, ehinktg npon him out-of those sunny hazel eyee, giving warmth and brightness to the atmosphere. She shook hands with Floreetan in the friendlieBt way—too friendly to fc-a flittering to a man who *?as accustomed to .exercise a eomewhat dieturblng influence uponihe other sex. Bnt a girl who is engaged to be married has sometimes no eyes for any man ei:cept her lover, florestan bad experienced that kind of thing aad he had experienced the other kind of tt5ng from girls who are ever on tiie alert fpr fresh conquests, and who arc only etitnnlated to andecity by the knowledge that they have secured one man lor their bond-stave. Daisy had no hidden thoughts, ehe wae jcet as simple and unaffected, >aat aa unconssioos cf her owe charms as sbe'had been four years ago when she was Btill a child, with all a child, s thoughts and pleasures. How different she was from the type of woman he had once compared to D inte's Beatrioe, with Petrarch's Laura; the splendid and grandiose among women, the Queea of Beauty in tbe World's Tournament. That magnificent type had lost its facination for him now. He stayed to luncheon, half reluctantly, yet unable to resist his inclination to linger, Ambrose Arden came in from his book-sale flushed with triumph. He had gratified desires of long-standing by the purchase of certain first editions of French classics- Villon, Ronsard, Clement Marot, His SOD made light of the father's craze for b-joks with a certain imprint. " What does it matter who printed a book, or where, or when;" he cried. " The book Is only a voice—the voioe of the dead. It is a spiritual thing. It is the soul belonging to a body that has long been dast. How cin it matter what outward form the soul wears —upon what kind of rags the divine speech haB been printed—what kind of leather keeps the book from falling to pieces? I am amazed when I see people going into ecstasies about binding—exoept as furniture to brighten a room, For a book I really care about the outward form is of not the smallest account to me," " You are young, Cyril," his father answered gently. "Youth has the kernel of tbe nut; age must be content with the husk. Old men have to invent pleasures and passions. There is so much they hive left behind them for ever." " That is a very reasonable explanation of the collector's mania, my dear fuher," answered Cyril, "bat it is a great deal too early in the day for you to begin to meditate upon the consolations of old age. The sun of your life iB still in the meridian, Daisy and I are like the young birds, just peeping out of our neBts at the rosy glow of dawn." The River Lawn party left Paris two days after Clara's interview with Gilbert Florestan, he seeing them off at the station, an attention which, to Cyril Arden, seemed somewhat superfluous. Superfluous also the posy of Mar6cbale Niel roseswhich florestan handed into the railway carriage after the ladieR had taken their seats. "Ycu will have your own roses tomorrow," he said to Mrs. Arden, "and if they are not quite so fine as these I daresay you will like them better because tbey are home crown. I shall think of you all at R.iv«-r Lawn, and of my empty house clote by." " Why don't you come and fill it?" asked Clara. " 1 mean to do eo before long. 1 shall give up vagrant diplomacy and settle doA-n as a email Berkshire squire. I begin to feel that I am not cf the stuff which makes ambassadors, and that a roving life is all very well till a man approaches his thirtieth birthday, but begins to pall afterwarde. My Paris is as familiar as an old song—I know all her tricks and her manners." He shook hands with mother and daughtar, Faid sood-by, yet lingered and 6aid good-by ucain vrhen fctern oliiciuls ordered him oil' He loiiered at the carriage-door till the very Lst moment. lie sighed as he walked away from the terminus, and he was full of thooght through all the dreary length of the Rue de La?ay ette. "E-r.ppy lew, to bo beginning life with such a Rirl ae that for hie companioc," fit mcsed. thinking Cyril. " bhe is BO gentle, yet eo bold, so fresh and frink and .g»y and clever—a child ignorance of all base things; a weman in pswer to underetaad end appreciate all that- ic great and noble. '-If e* er I ca?3 at:ain for womankind my love will be jnst such a girl as that. I wonder if there are many etfcfc, and where the;" are to be fosnd." He wondered too, though he scarcely s'japed the thought whether it therorld wtre rich in giils as innocent and ta briK'-t. endowed witfc ail the mialitiea ^-.'lat m^de Tiargaret Hatrell charming, ba shoaid be attracted to any other specimen of the kind as he had'been attracted to bev. He wondered whether it might not ts theindividual aad not the<t?De which had fascicated bun. He • pondered' these ijuesttene-zs if «u a purely speculative mood, bat wac -ireful not to answer thsm. They were deabts wcuua boated through his mind like clcs-dlcis ou a enmmereky. And in his mind-there floated also the image of a girl's faae, fresh and fv.r, with no tuiat or tarnish of the world, no artificial embellfciiment of -cr powder, wncil <x brusi, npon Its pece y«:ng beauty The image haunted him Iocs after the train had carried'Giara Arden &nd; 'her£aughter to Calais, kaig-efter they feed settled down .ijoietly at ftivsr Lara. He did -forget the ccmmiodon which Mje. Aurkw HAD entrusted ts him. He went to the £oe Chauve Sotrit on tbe morning after th«£. .pralonged leaTe-'tahsng at the station, asd iesnd the boaae which, if there bad been DO iteration ia fike<n«inbering of the street within the last twwlve.years, must once have sheltered the t&Cirhoteved; Robert Hatrell. It was a narrow hoose, Seafe a-sboemaker e shop on the gcoaad floor, ^^"i byoEe of thonp small traders wSio do mov«eisi tho way of repairing old boots and sb wee than of Belling new ones. There wae a si fe«loor^hich was open, and a narrow pat Wffic leading |,o a staircase, where there was tinct enough lip-hi to reveal the dirt and s tn&hiae;£3 of the walls, and the indications' fflff powc-cy upon every landing. Florestan went to the t si? cf the house without meeting anybody ; bjct he heara tne voices of children upon t ks -first floor, a domestic quaTrel upon the se wod, with voioes raised to their highest p tefc in accents of recrimination^c-nd on 1 ins story a woman was singics a monott kaaas^iKitimental melody, in apparent ant toasciousness ol the strife below. It was evi font there were separate households upon eichl«tory. The sing-song voice of the womao m the garret was so suggestive of a p ©asfei nenage that Florestan took courage tc ntnosk ap ner door, which waB opened by the wuger, a faded woman with a gentle, long-su form? oast of countenance, a washed-out cott *>c igacr.- and a little cashmere Bhawl i snnsd. across attenuated ehoulders. A bat r in a cradle in the corner near the hearth : tetciioioi for the monotonous chaunt which I 'tasastiQ had heard outside. He apologized for h ; .3 mtrusi aa^ her he was in search of a wor tin win bad lived in that house twelve y a«fc iKtore, Would she direct hiiii ':o the ol fc/ai tant of the house, ?" „ "You won't have te: to go to! MM -fcer, answered the woman. " There't -ocly cne lodger who has been ia tt'a house i KMC or three ytaTS, and I fancy that one mice! have lived here ever since the taking ot! ate Jiistille. Nobody knows how old she *e, but it wouldn't surprise me tc be told skie WAS a . hundred. If she hsaaenaa enough o r mca-cry^ enough to answer your quactionsshe fiqgut.tb be able to tell you anything youwant t^i naow abent former lodgers." " Who is this perssir;'' " Mad 11. de Lafont, a^pecaionfer of. a«sble family in Touraine. She is e distant jo.utioq of the Marquis de Ltfont, who pliojva bor a tiny pension. Her grandfather and mother were guillotined inr'Si, arid her tetter waa Iefta heloless lad in Paris, i Sie wiU toil you her-story. She loves to telk o filer youth: and its dangers. And though the has a ver.y, poor memory for events that- tap y«ned yes ; terday, she remembers the stall art thiagS) connected with her childhood. 1 ' _ i " Jf that is the condition ot-.i.3r i tu.nd, s&e; j may have forgotten a lodger oLa dc.xaii yeare \ ago/'-sugaeated Gilbert. „ " "I,can't answer for tbat. I <211 wwy te' you that -she must have beea«te thi'W house with your lodger. If you want tc tal.Vioher I can take .you down to ber .aooai. She is very ooor, but her room is alwayc clesB »nd neat. She has just strength enorgh left to attend to that, and when ker sweeping and duetiog are done she Bits all day bv the window rolling her thumbt Aisar.Jtlki.ig to her canary bird." _ . , "Foor old s&si;! I feel mSerestct: m .her from soar desssiption, snd Bhall ite very mnch oiiliged .if _tfou will ira&cdcft; me to her," 