TWIN%3 SECR BTS. A Story of the Ivntrtiutrion. 1to DAvrlt DALterO. III doetor was not the sort of uattu tgive eitence iatentionally Even Io private life ire was uctih itore used to healing Ilan lilnlllcetfug them; and, tholuglh Ie mtight occasionally rhave oopen t budt plarce itn t tIeigtIesur'S Ireg lie tmttde it ia tre Iletii tprobe trottheart. 'Toe gerroust oeveryi y, hli Riot for froe jtrt to titu i i:uti; anuorigt Ils scattered patients On biebanki of the Darling, he lual raisred the 101 lirtio 11f helor our iroelyrioerotly exieptt tot. hfil Dr. alortin livedlI lt landl it routh t have beern to lhis -day r htvoirg treeu the orturteds of more fortunate t.'ttiriunrrro, and tire ptourioiii of u nror rfrrinci;tltorn. flui hart tlrrrtllititeite, bull, (tura ll a niacrdeical Ireo hadr also the ldl head aindl grey beard that tilo rexaminirig al i etpi oriired to conferIIt n t voytwhich, iOlgdlcters who Ihave nut toll you are itu trtirei 00 forrtuie lti urrltial rren. hut rtluoily, ts at ki of nt-olf, hitI had also it g' rIed ntoe uil ta pain of iioer-shot eyes. it war what righit he call ahi bl-prorduct of ite pirfeilOna. Under tn lreilcovutnee at tiewotio l Ito htvu been more tlhntt whltIs LtuluI 0 II "siprpInny doctor'." Decenti i ifle ltl hIive cloled the dorrs ofi tlheir iuitiWiisi ilr lhis fInr. Nine ibut the pIator t'ti1 Iace waollowedt hlls medicine. Yet lie (t1 Well cnumgh for the Australian hush. HIs irumledcs ovrer dratlic, but iia hwart was li11 and the "tboss eoriles" themselves urne Its glad of ilt coin Iainy it all times its Iev teri of lits advice in thoiu oif need. Ot"O Ehdward l linters, tint inew t1tatger rf lthe - brhtili bank it it oorru, having just coie to the ttiteiiirhiioti, unitd belig unawaIIre of the tre lo Inil 111 to o tirririratein of iosLt pioiple tiLis fuellnow lIoiger at the lirelttn, s0w rlytk ru nidl, n ru ti at on the Veranrlah it aftRertnluoo, Ilte Iirunl ihoit eyes that trl'toh in waterlng. the dirty hirl t with 11ilaml dirtnar ulit tlit 0wa rattedl to u] thle signllifinl terrs away, rnd the rstrtal waeistcoatl tlhat rote und full in plectic wave. Anill whoul It otl maOnti 0u to talk hi truneu hint uoleirstatnd Ut1IIily o Iru litcorll oilltut hbeing otbiolutely rule, that lls advaeirliue were uinctled for, Di Ilartlir, hluwever, Ihad out young fullowsu l ti ela butenore, ratd hire knotw, or ii Lit tha ie knoew, both how to taasure them up and how to taokelthemn down. .Yet there was something he rather liked salot young Winters. " IIe has. nt least, the ppeoranoce of a gentleman," thought he, "anol mnyhb he ulon't know v'niosi oni; besides, it will be desperte dull for him wills no one trot tic parsonoort tule scheol mstier sor this boor of a poblican to talk to." An Englih newspsper was lying os tlhe veronrdath. It had corme ty the mail that day, and tire now iank manager having readl it throsugh daring olilee hoursN hadi carried it touts hotel and thrown it diown beside him, where, halrf-n-hour before, he had fallen lazily into hris tchoair. "WVith your permission,, Sir, said the Doctor, returnging i the beat of humour to a charge whiet most men would have aban donetd in disgust. The young man pushed the paperover with tlo font. Dr. Martin stooped to pick It sp and then fumbled for ils spectacnle. Ito tihe sun was setting and it was alreadly too dusk for the bleary old eyl es to read ianythlig but the treadingof the articles and the name of the paper itself. " I know the plen well," hie nlsaid. IDear mo I Yes. Mosseaton in iHampshire. I ought to know it anyrhowr. You know it too, I supposol Friendst living there, elil I" 1rI hod frientds there once, repliedt Win. tor sdeliberately. " You had IHat yon now I Friends in the loveliest village in the world, andi your self in an upcountry town in Australia I Olr Dives might say he'd frienlds in heaven. I nometimes think of the little churceh tihere, iind if it wasn't for professional reasons, anst tire sake of the boys out hero, who don't get a good skull every lday, though mine is in little battered, t almost think I should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mossenton. The church gates were never closed agalinst a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they woultd br now. Sow were the elm-trees gettingon when you left home I calculated that in my time half of 'em har been struck by lightning that wasll meant for the parnsonage. tIe was a oislterous old man -that rector. t hoe's uite rnow-gone to - the Imeet' across the river. A hanppy hunting ground, no doubt, butoa conicol sort of fiuel.' Think of a scarlet jacket, ait veivet cap withli a peak, and a pairof wines. Still, It's a lovely spot, and many a min I've sunirt to rest there. IHave a dtrink, str-dlo I" Most men thaw a little iunder tire warmth of old associiations, espeelily when tire s rrciations ireu II isa mnissier picture que, Unit they anre olone in tlie bush. Btar, iOiturnily, hir.Winrteri showed no disposition ir rolern. The Irot he did wins. for the Itrt time sinte they hair ret, to appear inrtresiet.in the dioctr'o conversation. Irndteed, if thie ri practitioner cousi have felt his pulse at that imoment, he might have discoveredl that hie was rsally monre interested that hie enreo to show. HIe declined tnhe drink, ihowever, unl sat witllh ansi air of modlerater indifference whilstthesdoctorrshouoitei a cooipleof whirkies, ats Ire ald, ",for the gowi of tire house," auon thien drink trhen boithi foir his own gol. , " I was saying that I'dI put mnorry a poor dievil to rest in that utlet trcltnyardl," ire contiinued. "'they shouit he granteful. PIer haps they'li sthanrk nre rtwhr en e nmect-all, 'excepting thie loot ease, antl I won't be no certain about hris gratitude. I atteRIInded that mari for live years, andri, wonuid you boellro it, he died coring fiie. Th' warst man, Oir, I ever knsw in ry life, and, lori I've scur some pretty boil anes. ite had i lovely wife, too, urrch yrounger than hinmself,or if she wasn't she lookedl it; anl I ilwrays say it's not what a womnnn's ago really is that uat ters, but whatt eo looks.. She was the belie of the country, andr :there wasn't a young squiire for mnile round but would have nmarried her without asking a question. Tlhey inever tin live irppiy tobgether, though. l'or srronttts at a time he refused so look at her, nud whenu she di gain his bedside, alN, with tears in her eyes, begged to ie forgiven if inoe had irrine wrong, ind plerdei tlhant it wsa, only a natural slfectirrn -I dunit Inoiw what-rle but her oif, and charged hier with turning himu out his houe for the sake of brliii'ng upo another usinr'si childi there. 'the frllow wal untd, of course, but tI always tthough tthere was dorrmersing in that. for the best of us have iour moments of weakness, und the worst- tournt miyself nmongit 'er- lrive our periods of suopieieir." Winters yawnued, but tire doetr went on, 'Dlu yiiihnig :ll' rirceirty, reruemrer, witlt Ireririr admirlrers, anm tthe oiiher oid anid lern, without s single friandt in the worlt. You cant wonder ir a woman. an you! runl Lady Winters wnrs-noas but a wneoan," Ire was about to say, scheir the young bank manager rose fr tle his chair with ai cry of horrore. " For hIarrvur's sake stop," ihe shrieked, 1 rio you know to whom youare speakling! TIhat worrrrr wres air igelE. Sire was my Irortror.' Yo'our siothler I imirssihie 1 Ynu havenrt I feature like her-llk either if thenm, In firet." Srlton's reinembermy father. You ought to know tihat if you attendet d Irimot as long as yorr ray yen diti rSo , iro, if orene nuit," siud tire doctor, muluing. Aindi Ihe, too, rese from Iris chaeir net paeed tine bradt verantdlah. Itlwnrt IrinIters was not what is cailled rt emotioial snum. Hi hall allowed his cou panlios to rumbler ln the course Of couver. satir inll tthrunghi his native village without trce interrupting htimutil ilI the reutral idarkness that conimes out of successive glasses of whisky thre old habbler had unweittingly set his foot Idown on a tonder memory. At first, he was dull from nlitifference; snow he was stupelied with anstlonishmenat. There hadl rbeenc heavy rasin in Queensladt, and the river rars rorrlung "a hrtkur." 'fhu greater tart of the irtterurirs he thrd beer wartchisng it rush madrly towardsr the nceanr, ilry specu lating iur tire number of sovereigos a minute tee would have to throw out of the window to make the loss to his emrployers eiqual tire loes te tire country from such is waste of water. Thu scene thad changedl since thoer. As he stood now with his hands to iris head, grlling thhaklry fit tire stiernr, it woIs no longer flow ing westwiant. It was rushinig with stupon-i s ons speed t pik upIon its source, iackl t. wrl tire Qruscislard bonter, back r ti he tiarlieg Uirwns. eitehr and yet hirher iup tire snsrrkis, over thie adjaceent piis lueks, into the sa streist. floliono ng the housus aunt riumb hug ir his eara. The streamo of tie young satrr's lise hull ciihangen its comrer. At the tosuch of a hidden llisierig the hloo gates of semumry had been opeowl, and a resitkles eirrent wass sow forcing itself hback upon himi from tie greaut ocearn of thun past. Oftenr rhad te gazed puponr it then Ilowing placitly nr. dily sir huir ago had hti traced it from thue rivulet uioin one of rwhose bioldoer tire sin stanrding, andi shriri every turn/lgl hie evuii well iriel. to tthe bhrait Sento with reisgfdei tsbnis. atel the hInezy ocean beyotnd. It hod not asipeareed is very etark stream ritun. Lirsechs of tshone hIns centeraste wieti bhisrnd oru briihtntin , int errs tIre wrhole the elfeict trlust hunr ratlier ipicnrolle . Ito' iilteeeret nirw, as it thsunrrerert lurck hprrnrr h/sri its eiitch Iblack waves, asi utrre.vd thue lthorec wiei ukeictnlerd sln, nurs iiislt/ei lic mint erecce rtrinnrso.'n re, elrnst elthers unit ire Iinrtkunrru run lveit tso r uri iutirrn li lie. ODit of tie genritl rerck, one face goeed hcoeceiniii' n11na tlrim i ere taRle if etasoyoeyes tookeri srlore tiul of isrec ut ico lsowid suit sure/irk than the rest-lis mnotier's. He cou l tensr It roiloirurg. ttoRhiinig iwriy frInri tire rivtor, who wst s usireritig out art orrircoieerrhrrlreey, ire terrher l itrerregi is ersead of Idleen lutler bar to thirstisreane that lei to tio bhdeireom. 'T/ic toor wonreu nrrt fistieri, fler tire lok; resi brokon, so Ire rums mest i Chsir nnuinsInit it, irird thIns lurng himUrolf oii this es runtlcl gronisseritl ainn ielc rltee. onstoly. iYir is lung~lu l tho~u tesroiio attcruir to g'rmrspI tire i tierstiori. tie rosIn onlyr inour. soluns of snr inwrivr ia/u, reid yet so undle/irret thart ire ennui~ hisritly toil svt~hreicri haotorgo molustnarly to tire regioo of ths hnedy or tha mind.'Itrifocussed itself in hiesihenrt-not the heart that the clergy speak of is being capahle of moral developments, but in the lteehly hecart, the ergot tlhnt benin heenuth thre rats of the tert hreast, andit In ebjret to disenies coming within the range of the Spharnmunp reprssel his hand againct it, and teased from side to eide like, sainmt winged creature brought down from a height. anti stunned by the fall as well is wounded by the arrow. It isi hapipy arrangemlent for poor umiianity that pain has it dedening affect upon its vietiho, and that even the seed of an agony must often die before it can be quickened into mortal growth, After a wehile tie resrined incert thre ream with ti hanhle deep downera hi bhreeeso' pacleds. tie flung eperi the window, and gazed out. The atmosphere within was stilling; without, the lurid twilight of the interior was deepening Into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you have watched the enn net over there western tilains, nit heein danedtant n whildered hy the fine rad dunt that, rising about that tLime, impregnates the air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strange represstou, almost anmunting to spiritual suffocation. You might bh walking through a vast terra' cotta model. The weatherboard township assumes a brick- like heaviness unit line, the trees might e fashitonel out of red clay, and the darkening aky is steeped in a sombre glow as unlike thiesuesetcoloursof any other land -excepting, perlrali, portionre ef the Africlan tushi-ias the hrerhage of thre bacik-blecksis l unlike the meadow swards of Englain. h're warm tunes of the tandscape harmonised with Winters' mtind. toe gazed at it for someatime with his handrr till In his pockets; then, folding his arms, lie laid thirt on the window ledge, and, putting his heart and shoulders as far out as he enrtl, begun to turn over In his brain, his rert-hot brain, as withllre prangnela itchfork, the plian tolr tfat lirritledt anti fizzedl wiltrin. At first it was quite in vain that he chased the whir. tig thoughts. They dodged himt like ierows of impa. Hu ae de rit inge at one only Co too anaother, and whna drgging the Intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon trim in a solid phalanx. Ile might re treat and leave them. He had not sought. the hattle. They harl assailed him unawares. But that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose. recause they would be sure to follow himt. No, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner lill recalled hun frrm irs re verie. AIt that moeornt the sight of food wiriili have turned rir sick. l ice ik ar old selrhed hat from tire Iorii rrr of his travelling trunk, a thick waiking meati front onie coner of tel I oor , riis pipe tri o a srand in rnrtrher, and when the rest of file guests hait garthred rrouiiro thre tnie, saihert rdown stairs and out into the darlranr. Oil lumps twirakletloi the quiet streets; a few berrre, tethered try their ruire to posts outside the gregehirties, Inehetr and pawed thrgroind impatiently ; there were very few people about, run the moon ad not yert risen. This was. periaps. fortunate, fur a bank irinrrger rushingg ut of the township rtrer lurk,lwin I hit tot prlled over his faie, rind fm mriasy roll In his walkh. to oy nothingit thre lurriel irmeirn ire cast flrnom side to side, would inrte looked at lenat i rrl.refroua. Following the main street to the end of lhi tironship he rrnrerl n rilplly round by the frieeof a huirchera pndlirik, uarl darted I arifity unto Ihe rulh irrin rppoiie ipirektin to the river, for ina gurgling waters aggravated him anidt Ira wanted to get away' from it. The hush was silent enough. An occasional lianrd started from the grass, ntu herr and linern the firrlfalJ of shaiep inrlife rh le:n cives runtroaten twigs varied the mniotniy of lila terir quick steps, but that rll. wa The Ireae ir the district werir taller rind of more sub srnutial growth thin wr ire irn iiot parts of the eriintry, for theC slii ery r long the river Walis i lternrtl s bn.ewrnr low, tint stretchea, covered with not hil-rng bt. herbage, ntidt ftrrrts of considerable maignitude. where v'enerhla gims, ectonrd ir riti eugtu of pink uaistii - toa at tries, suggest thei grey pillars of an ancilent cnthilrlil ildecralted for soare great festival. I Cmunt have been at least sin hour since he paused the last 11ea1ir on the outskirta of the towaarni and he woin still walking hard.. tc hatint ire said that Ie lrinrs far nothinii t iat woiud have stoppel him but shear fatigue, ir thu tiltliiaii, too Wide fnd r deep to eeries except by It risky Idurige, which ti length stretched nut before him. The nmin hadt risen, and li 1h ca(-:f ai fit)unexpectinigly to the wanrr'a edge, it poured ai btrel shaft of light (Iowa through it rift fi the folliav upon the corl, still surface. Ito wtas certintly rouglht to i tandstaltll nrwr. Therr was it fallen tren tbeside hn. lhe half-leinei , halftsat upon iLA enormous trunk, sail, ,mopping the ptrsptiratioi off his forehiuat, hegan it- rerrdjrst t1re niwiwrard thoughts wrhieh the exertion of the lung wall: huli drilled into somethingi ppraichig dliscipline. what cirri the strance ildt doctor have meanr I Why'had the ftes decreed that le should meet, in the black-blocks of Airs Cri li, I rin vmwho aprredrtIn ta now err o fe tils famirily hirtotry othemi he knewrr himslfal. Whati a fool he riot been to bring the mausty old ceutry newspaper home with him. The very isehilef was in the affair from begir ning to Curt. How darerl the old rutllnr nry what he did ; rnd why didn't he shoot himi on the spot for his insolence I That was one way of looking at the matter. For tre iroment he felt almost incliied to pass it off with a little cheap heroam, and rtier in gorl supper and. a good night's rest to offer the aiteornaivte at iau couiple irpoilogeyrrfriahrrse hipt Ca thie orffendter. 811' W~ilraid WIinter wan a imeuury atl norithing more as far an he warouc errerned. tle tiaul teit traue elye. terlously when Edward was r etiil-i-had been somehow a isoniatid with drawn blinds and crape hthatands a flw yeare rflterwiacl -and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fart at any time, had he bean in topic of ann er nation between miother and son. The ocr sauts had spoken of hirm silionr aun thCa ailreays (itirriteel fully. Noboeoy Inul thorughit tworrnthtwhn(-tot impIn~lantl It niigie seartiirreir of tuderness for the old man ifu tie heart of the child. T'lher i was evidently a screw loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. ito had bean h I bad arin likely enough., ari it was jeat rus well that he had not been taught to worshie the image which ntrm it length to be sin ruthlessly hurled Into tCi mult. 'lids wasrall trua; but the triti of thought which brought tIre rairollectlios rena lent at murrrrirlcy recoilt of thre prtirng trat hart for Ctie mla threerouira rean tire+n' ing the life rutol his very soul. 'tire horrors Iof the situations soon hurst with fresh force upon him. At ill hazards he woudii elievr itodte perfuet surrtlirnea irlotit lively wirann. Iler memory, at lart., wre ar inder one. It wna his gospel-the cornerrare ne of in beltfor in giodeirs anywhere. No; though an irul fleroi heaven iere Ior rilnrer it sr'e hrial liiife liare tirirria lil fa u th iariinirri IrI Inrus Whrii,lrhe iinurhriuat re nun. lila riulle rilnrrrerrwe turin tro hiriiir liinliri hlatller ous hrrreai watrimiac I~'trehl' myr tiretrinr'iria.h Wo Fry ithe umuirreit iii rainld 'tnre roii rniert acriereh onailhier aily niim, hir crnral vt i r errrret lirrn Criagn i til nastonly mIt retwat I ferhreIe reirts meinuet. toim Oli neirtinaly evhirir barnlmeftler Ire hurle ui, Inc Ira rat iotthinght oat f lrtltfefreie to the eli everylk ethe riiihmeentoimirait Itoke irn eut ioraeulete Chain at.e soTcsmemieory bad nld lIfe might at sayinoiqntan' Irin boett wreeht4 for the want of timple fact like that. He kneow that his father had died away from homer, ani that, for several yearn before his name had not beenI no muit ts mentiondil there. As for hlimtelf-.ho wais so young when ltst he sar hini that it was witlh the utinol dlitlleIlty that he recalled a tvague ienroeaioa of the old manr's Ice. Evidently. lie had been confinedl Ia iia lunatic asylutm, and at list hnd died there. An unanppy ending. doubtlrss, ton i enceetric all unlinve aide life! Yes; Sir Wilfred WYirterna hta dlue a mtadrtman-ihere could be no gainsay irng that. idward fetlt a sensatiorn of relief ; alrost a thrill of joy. T'VU eharges against his iaotlher tell worlthless to tihe grounld. Then ie rememberled distictlynnitncitett in childhood that had hardly come into lis mind siltce its occurrence, hbut which having been draggeid froin tile depths with tihe lovin than's hook, now rushied into his recollection and eonflirmed the coaclusior tthat his father nucat really have been ilsane. Ito was out walkint g with its rmother one afternoton, and after wandering a long tdistance from homei they hadi sat down to rest on a green em bankment overhung willth hanwtorne. A carriage and pair of lhorsest turned shlarlply into lie liante. Apparen tly it wais going to Ipass them. His mother watched it with the utmost Interest, not to say anxiety. As the vehicle approached, she graspted the hand of hier child andu drew himi closer to her. When it came rwithii a ihundred yardls shie seizredt him bodity, burying his head in iher shanwl ind rocking Int ntervously to rand fro. lie iheardl the heel go by, through the folds of the garment ire tiflted rite dust, and frort the carriage irtself lie Ieannl the noise of course voices flung discoilantly pion thie air, and ios mother's mirci "IEmlily Winter" re pented time after time nud accompanied by jeers antd Ioilsterous laIughter. Whhe the noise ftied aIway, and ire was liberated front his imprisonmenrr t, lie hadl looked into his emother's firce. It was stained with tears, and wrinkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usaally ptlacid brow. Until now tihi incident hall reamntred a mys tery. But It itwas a mystlery no longer. The carriage was the vehicle in whichthe the piteunts from a neighbourinrg tsylum were Initren out for " trirings," and his father must ihaveo been onse of the iidrous ptitle party ar thwi partiiculirir tinooin. In itself not by ally ttenIs iti pletrouit recollLIOatiot, but by cot I"iion allmostcheenring. Fnaril Iterreta anothler sigh of rtllef und uspring to his feet with the intention of walk try bttcl is fast irus his legs would carry lhim. ildeed, hie had alrealdy moved I few prce if, wiren strucir by :ion ro neaw phase of tihe quelsulo lie staggeredl bilk to hris inlen tree, ait hold i pale and Iplzzlelild fac ull t tie mloonlight. Ills one anxiety hadr tut to jrtilfy his tIIotheLI ie. 11hd ifOI that iti atill haads he tuet reason out tis belief ill the purity ofI trhat fair spirit. rAnd lie and dlote rns. ut. it whant tiln awful rsacrllna I f Sir Wiltfred Winters was it rtmamuant d he wlis ti reality Sir Wilfred Winter's sohl, then he, 'ilwiril Winterr , waes, pterhl ps, ntl tro, or at ItheII very last.nrt irinerpirri Ia nttic. lThe rtlleitioi rri., hoIrrifyinig. Ire IlokedI for a soltirini fnu thit rece,-es of the fUott, for help into tihe fircs of thie shieep. lat oti was dart, like hisrowi fnte, involved it otys tory, and tihe oither bittulii- blank as despair;il and ihe ciast his eyes hipIelenaly ltitan tire groundlill. Every aunt i as ils hiuri s of Iark and bitter trial. t1iwniat, your itle tihasI i ie," r ai voce hisstie ill his cmI: ".ldmiit one treacherous thought, entreat it ho.,pitalbly, brrrrrrrtt it urpona yoar mothter's turrterory, adt cii shall te well. Cioa tirlit tiaughrt hotter. ireep her entrinrei ini yrour heaet nend sie will live, ibut yor will dib-dit it a utlrdhuso ! TheIr choice is your own. Are you pIrepared 1" "I am, even fotr so greal it asarillce," Ite said, slowly and with terribi etpbluwir. His lipsr were ashy iIpale, his legs tremrbled beneathI titttr tit drops of cold Iswent stlurd on his forehelad. tie iknelt easile thie fallen tree, rand tihoughtt no earnest prayer. Thea withl ir exr1reelrirrn of tearful resigsnatiuo, like a an who fi thie cause of love Ind duty hadl piarted with soIethring dear, lie ostu nud staggeretl homewarnts. i was intro whreri Etinrt awoki next mrioran ire. ire was ritar sound ecepor lt atny tire, iandI thie cresC of nthe ravinoeus dary, involving nio tree tralnsitory rtroyrnrce, butit ra . cession of grave arn rans r d ir cur inating idea oi f portrended deaicti, hall tortured his nerves to ie point of excessive wanrrines, and when ir init tile night lie returned to his hrel, ihe fell Ialioiat fairting InIto bed. Whatrcer cory ie tihe ease with itid peiple, whoi are gienrally aitiatled with lest seepI it young uan can only Ic toiho a tweight of trouble hun hris miio! anId to roll it round andi rnid in thie sime orbit for I given notUiher of hrours andl lie will soRIon grow tired and fall irst asleepr from sheer fatige. iBut thre lirat glunt r oif aunshieiio will bring the hiearraches tLarrei. tnlward was conscirrs if thLltomi.-phiyaiali pait he hand experieunced on the previousa tday even before ire ana s atilelicntly aIwake to re lleot trmo tihe circrumstancer that Ida given rise to it. Another rosmeut and tire arrows of mcemorry, prrioctnel at lls Iret'a btrohtd, were euivenrinog Ir his mind ragain. Yoor fellow i Tre night's rest hnit ortly tofreattort tira with ai keener perception of tie reaIlity of tihe dangeoM around hint. itr mighit re view the evidence more calmly now: lie might renew his deterttination iI spit, of every cooetenrtaret to believe it tihe usrotles holirress of that inother wile had ao long siance gone to her utornal rcat; but di what ihe would hie couldr see nall.wly out of trhe final coIcelusion to which iti judicial scrutiny of tihe facts inevitably pointed. One tihing was curtain. Ite mutist ideal plainly with the doctor. The old Itman would plrobably be sotter then, acrd perhlisiro relsa enouigh to see tre diltora itn whieth ie tait placed him. Not thalt ie thotught for a eemenrt his Infor rirnt couldr clear the horizon by addedi light. That was revidently out if the qucartion. The oast that couli possibly alome of nt inter view wourlit ie a u0 tttal explanattion, ar omile apology, andi i ferw ottlas ofi physle traraps geatitot nt advice aits long as he was in need of it. Edwardi had quite made up his mind tiailt pioboned bloodu was flowing throughi his veits, a1rirt thoughi at that mtomoent, with tihe sunshine streaming in through the winrdowr, ilrnt the fresh uturning Ibreeze farn sing hirs half- nakedi limbs, to. saty nothing of the rcstoraiive etfirata of it goiol itight'a sitoi, fin tilnts uiatC as ever he inatdorte in lis life. sHtill ihe had no d roubt wititver that sooner or litter vietrons symrptomsoo sorte atukind would eugin to imanifest themselves, nialt thrit ultI mately hie woudit follow Sir Wilfredl to a IntuI.-htus. A terrible rthughtt lto go to unu's bath witlh I An idlea that did not muaterially assist it, thri bhrtoning of his collar nor in fIe, fIstenitl g of his neittilr. iBut it dresosed as uIIalt aind walked intoI thie Ireakfast room witi iths tittl: o ietirn hie coull we ll sI' Ill 3o of tire tirritritac tnralalrcerty Irclahitst'ter;i racrarmo of Ilit r wts feodittg on walirti suitar roririrrra it a crckeht rnt dirLty cadii; i tIul eriyhotrill was mruothi a blone on the flor, unit it pair of smirIlilar logs were drrtribu tinur tinove the monIut thoet futty IpUre irglirif a ehlftisnf ginoani thoa itta st etidlar rrp tort atreerr oni the rppsitoalte sine nf trhe road. Ituisiter rrrrrh rtl boil. isvn Or. nrtill op yet 1" he asked. tr(it left by this ornirsng's coelt, Mr. \Vinitr's," the wrotereas.repllud. SWhem laoes he retiro 1 iomotime to. nlay 1. d "ttitnk not, for hie aemiti his etouoot, antt still hi, roulrl't toll warent hie shroulor be llikely to wretn tiris o roomt again." "Cilltr amwiy ott an urgOtIt cRose no nionbrt,"miii tihe steong'r, who bail by this Ilmns transferred ilis attention ho.Wirntere tnd the slovenly girl who sorved the purposes of :artteeso ani haunoaenr l at the Griires, Atr aegerlot tof r l o rioetabr ' Ito a dded.s rith a 4h him titaimtrghttt sind deprereion of the lower jaw, indicaetive of supreme contempt for somebody. Yes, sir, very likely." replied theuslen. "I Th girl. Why doa't yioui speak the truth. Worren are the saun ill the world over. If they rni serve their purpose with n Ite they will. Thley love lying, and you go nat it ans if you were qualifylt y for society You know very well that Dr. Martin dihdnt leave because they wanled hiIII anlywhere eulse. lie left beenuse ie eaoltidn't stand heIlg avolete is tihe midie. of the night by a dlrunken wretchl falling over his boIst In the passage, and then greaniag hiseltf to satari cwitih it little thotuight for other people's drernta as he evlidently hadl for hlis awn." Thestinagei lookeldsigtlilenitly at Winlters mlil the girl trudglug out of the room, the latter returned the glnce with it frown; An urgent case, indeed I" the fellow reneated with at sneer. "Look here, ie. Winters, that sort of thing tony go tdown very well In the townsthip, you know, but it won't ntaswer hlere. I know whit you re, and wlhat's more to the point, I know who you nrare not. 'You are iit the son of Sir Wilfred Vinters, IKnight, of IMossaenton, In the County of HIati. It wasn't for nothin g that I nrrfled at the OGrapes nlat yesterdarl y after noon, and walkl, on the verandlah laust as tihe doctor was rtehearsling a tittit of family history. To Ie plain wlith him, I sniy stay that I dln't hear lt ill, hut atite unuughl to satisfy mie, at:l 1 think, Mr. Knight, nIouighl also to please your pretty Iftlhel--- " Etiel Itnyburi I Are you hier onotsl. Poor Ethel I l'm sorry for it.'" "No iloubt. It's a convenient reOlatliontip, you know. A fellow's cousin imay jilt Ihuu for the sont of sonii gouty old iknight just out from home ; but she's 1119 Couin ill tihe same. 'The reserves atre oilesel out nad the lug guns brouglht into actioin, but it don't follow that la e cables are alwanys cut. No, Mr. Winters, bolleve me, couin tnlentinon'a going on nil the samen." ' 1 don't knowi what you mean," replited Edward, with an air of indifcierence. For the motnmeat I even forget your Chlristiana name." a llichardl - lRichardl Ilnyhur, torn in Sydney, and the miuesica young, broughtl up to commerc; lipeulloss two yens ago, It balaice at the ttanker's nowI , nd a coiusin piliing to sae te as I plass ithrough oii my wly toi IEnglultI for in extended tl ourlt in well, shell io say Il. tine Iuoighbourhi.od of ylo.ueaeit.t"i.," Withl that llIyburn ruse, intta sileliing Ile thuiase i lhis waistcoant arttholes, begun to tea thie llour in a loidly fashionl, Illustrative, nlu doubt. of the nobilitty of avieriage inaktind aid the einsequint. wortheltesnevs of it blue Iloid untceatry. lie teas i coiinitre luiiet f, LIiucwII aItnngst his tIwn.* tat "'as tihe * piU. ger." Nobody coual be sure whenl they partedl WCith lit utanu iday whlether the uixt thby woid run up. against hiot wheeling a aarrow or ridllng in it briuglhit. WVinters went onit witth lis brealfast. He ias reilly lhungry, for he hadl nut tIIouched fioolasinie lunch time on the' pieviius (aiy, land it liwas now eleven o'clock in 111: IuUrn. ing. "'I'lu ntk you." hle eaid t lengthl, as he eft h11i tIble, " Y'io've been utIIuinetitnily civil for i st nuger. l'e ohcald youri couslin speak of yo. shlU eCiherihes tien er reclle titont of your ipleasnti rie, Mr. Ie, yburin. I shuntl so lher toUmorrtw, IhaveI you a itessge " \eo, iat you IIneednLI't trnble, " I'll ideliver tyni Self, gio-iibye." Winters loft tih roeto, atdl Walle.h out Of the house totiwrdct i tie taut, telling tle Itail lort, welum lieu lpaed iin the street, that ht was going to Sydney oti the followinlg Idaiy, nid wouehi be away probably for tihe beast piart of it wetk. " Ye'll hivet (itt agrayable thravelllng compamtio anyhow, .dlr. Winters," replied the wicy lrly imtti i, ci thug wit both oyes, adl jorling hist umt titn ll ithe dlirctlon of tihe Itiutug-room win. low. 1f yoa liacoea tvullud frow tte "ftr wieat diece the ratlway lthe wta opelled, you taayy have baesi atriele withi the strange variety of style in ectrlnages with whct ichl Ite ttratic manatger endearurs to mcut tihe cittivente of all manner ofat travellers; andl perhapsi you ihave lhtoKlhtt that there must be souu occuanu trio residentsl in those pairts, coInslilering the peollnr tlastes for whliclh lie enters. ich train louks likea it lung listof samples.'l n the fairest tiriti to eaoeltle I iL that it husli eeto driven titer tthe plains for three yucrs in search Of a buyer, niti none having utrted ap ist still on the miiarket, fitt much thei worseti for wear. lEdward Wintitls plekel the dirtiest and meanest carriago ofi fill. His mtngtliientt acquttiiituce, tie was well aware, would seekl o0 with iclsldto ns l nd i spittno at iil aerents; tutl it that Iway Ie amitift countt ai freeldom from. annotyitce for the first part of the journeyo at aill events.I It's a gtood itile for n:flection wheni you are imprlisoned within four arrIIw wetlls, it they are ocvenI the walls of a railway eItrriage atll the trait Is bowling lvover thie plains atit tIli desrnpre rate of twelve miles an hour "rom llas e corner in the dirty comipaert mntt Edwtnt sat wearitly forging fresh links in the chainl of dlestir that hai so recently begun to chink at hit hieels. Outwardly he mintainedi anill appearance of mmlurate trantt quility. In reality ihe was on tihe brinkl ofi ldespair. So aotrnestly indeedi Iul hie foughlit the tlutotr's tasplelons, so blitterly did lie naafi to mauIlitJt the conflIet, that not only was it belief iuSir \Vilflrid's atduesa eseintisl to file position I0 IIuil itasumed, but ie biegian to feel it no less a tttter of dutyl tthan it miitter of course to imiIit tlhe cortainty of it olimilar doom iit l his wrn oaseo. This was the spllri in whichl he raked iiamongst the tiohros, dirty i:lit[ charred itttii dry ias they were, of tihe Ipast twetly yeIars of his IIfe. Woutll ait review of his ctnduct fromn clilltd lxhad supply noeeidencedmenutal aberration l Were tiee it hilas composlition n Itnstances of Ihereditary eccintrieuty li Tr ilhitiicult:' wia to knoiw oteuly whiat twas evitonCe itttd lwhat itas merly irrelevant coiuceidence. But Iho was going to be ihalkhedl by ii nice lquestiola of that sort. 'Tlhera tie tiies wheII a etan is verydI per1teI-linht lie insistsi upon disicevering flat eorti, and if the "worist" is not bad en oughl, thut tit the tinite of his heart Ite feels dinsatislied. Eldwa rctl Winterit was i just such it hltmor. Willthi te ingenuiity ofit a crindttld lanwyer, he pressel the case itgainst Iiinseltf. Ono faet ncter aiotlhr, relatling mairt or tie clisly ito the queciLoi at ituo, ieie to light; eir etttatteos that htut hitheirto iippteaed aleurd Or trivial, clotite theltselvesaan tu diremnedl of sigiicaltctee. lie uifted, anti arrangedl thte cautiously, and the witi trembling antxletycargaued welt ait tio tit ooeiiimt. itar all titouigi, ila lisfe tutu tiul Ioun altlihgelther awrethled, it itd been gravi onsly inaute'], and now., us lie pooled lulu thie past, the ghlstsct oiinttt i f their caverns and greeling himl with horrible jibes lad mimt, Iihack to isi fatlhuir'a grve.. 'thus the eansu went agai tt him ad the train Iowled on.III iTh gamut, grey trees witl their i ihued otit. ,tretthed urms, and thos that were ctilled with iior shroud oft clueties leItad tinsuaraled tipa in t lglittly tiricessioni. 'To avoil lhlt eonmmmjionmb t thte mdny leiolai, itisteat of get' tlitg unt willi the reat 'if ttit uassent for rofrt enlititi It fiti al tlttone it tis engu. , le ninlokuotl tititre let itt intuireils, anitt bleore tight eattue, li to his outlrive, for hIe teits a sober ulnus,~lt he iOLcovered( thath~iU had1I ?IIUspie tiis thiisky ltnsk. louitr taier itour telansai utwcaty. T't malt. buhat ottII try gave pllttac i t he forest, the plitl bhu,'ii to broikt tlt into law Ibllns, tilei i hietllti grew mittru lattiiorliit, cutltvlctlliot tmtldaetocuas nurunuimateu thu IaoIIIetteIUilS, anil at ltigilthon the oitliines hognit tit tatt anitt thil rot titIst to rise titee atora iito titu air, Illtia nttpoiueIiig it1 til IIImO(l eetir'iahatlitie aIeil glarrliglle oa~ atllieu the teulnts lie tiazeil tlt Ilta itt tnatr y sleu,. It was qtltt dtrkl whait lie awoke, with a start, as tite tralit GaeeiIl iCitith it jork afitlitat noait cItttle tructt waiting oti it sniditg to be oavoyeid to the inatreltalt. To his sartlritu he wwas no loatgor itat, Durleeing itna a strn itgr hatl entured tte compartmoenit lie hlid uvidteitly jolaid the trait, at Cite hisat oopping plcoe, for lie sws still nrrsgls his luggage,. and hadl lnt ec disturbed tihe pncl:ages with swhich the opposite goat was strewn. The'sy weronlimost in the dark:, for Lthe ill lamp which they slroed with their next door neighbouii rs wos les eifectlually dietributinig light than shade:; llward' rose it onsce and removedl thie obstructlions to his Ifellow travel lcr's cmfort. Th'le msn thanked him cogrte ous'ly, and havinig CnsconceId himsinlf in a cornier Iscoan os tili n iiiiic uipe. . "'liat'n very p1rovoking, ''e said. after scorching in every plocket, "I certainly ihad a sxa of mtnhes." 'Withoult saying is wordi, liEdward passed Ihalf-a-dozen wax vestas bettween his finger, and thmnb. - Again lthe sItranger thssn iesd himi, anId pro ceeded to light Iis pipe. The transicnt glow Irnadiated a bcarldedl face with i pair of earnest eyes, aill lips so tightly compressed at thie crnecrs that for the imoment it. was hard to say wihether or not it was i kindly face or merely one isndlclltivcof unusual firm. ness iinii self-possesssion. "I hope it's isy onsly vico," Paid the otrcigter, pIllsing asessy witlls this rssiigis if a mos sic I.. IsIl just surviveid i tobacco faminie. "I ssppeose I couil give it isp if necrssary,hilt whcy lssulds II 'Why should sny sman findI a pleasure in wittling dlown tihe' lilels comforts of life ? It is said Ihat It's easier to sacrifee one's grog lthem o5ne's pipc, nds for my own part I believe it. Inrweed,,. in sy tase I some tisies thinsk thalt smIokingI's Ireditary." Ilreditary I T'lhe 5 rnimgssion of personal chanrcteristls was jist lthen occupying IEd. ward's mini d to ths excluttsion of ilmsost everythinsg else. Ils lips lquivered. iHe lookedt stedfiastly into the speaker's face and enquiredl wuili coiie anxsiety, " Hlave you stulild tlhe question "1' "No, not the lquestion i In hlereditary loive for tobacco. It's n Iore usermise, though lthere siy ibe somlethnli in it. Th'le Irish 5must surely isnherit a il:Iloglor ipotatoes." Theistnsger iugholIs, and struck anothller imatchl to resusieate Isis pipe. LElwrdl smilsed faintily, and ussurig hinm self thills tie tlhat isi companion ia'd a kilndly face. replied, "'You believe ill the transmisssion of some ipecliarities then-lhow asLout mminests!" Ussdloubtedly I beliseve in lthi hcrediliry trausmiosion of maddssucs." The yosng sonn wincedl: but it was too lark for nsyone but himiself to be awaore of he fInct. " Didl you ever hear of an Instance ' :Vhlrrld udl theletter thlrough1, thou uu*el to lillt the l ls to Chlrirttlul, nllmll e had NtowlI.ed to Le fu towel ;gptjU." in which tle child of a ann sutllering from neuta and permanetnt derangement lived and died in hIis senses 1" " Certainly £ have," replied tie new-coier. " In uy.oxporience noi clergyman I've seen many such rases, althoughi as a imatter of flot I've generally obsereed a tendency to wvards mild eccentricity in most of thlem, a nd I Ahouldn't likuto vouch for the next gener ation. Are you inutereStedl in tht:studyrl I" Edward Winters htd no intention of lire. claiming his fears to tthe world.. ito felt that Ito wis treading on dangerous groundl anld meurely replled that Ite had recently mot witha casn iln which, a voung mint whose father haod dlol itn a nadihouseo soon 0 tis covered hereditary synmptoms it himelf ; and added,, " Nowe, supposing. that young fellow asked you for your, daughter's anod, wouldt you consent!" "If owas acquainted with the cireunt. stalnes I should certauitly dtt noy besnt to dissuade hin: furom marrying at all. I's a dillcult question to anwter. It would all dleitpd upon t tite symptoms ; antd after all it's a iatter for the doctors to dtclde: Is your frield:etgnaged " This wan atnlost toto. muchi. IEdtwnn hit his lipv,adtl heualitted lt'ecitnp I'mtt trnitarplatts tpont vour coltt tihletie," cld tilt clergyian at lengthl. a It teasl ituto tnittotttiontl, l I aua ytou.'t "Don't apologise," Edwardl repliedt. "Yes, t'tttturryitt say. that ito isnotgagti." L'm Wht do you think ofI hs satle tit ndital?" " cWell, oddly 'enoughl, nobody doubts it btt hitlmsulfl ;althoughi to tell you Cite truthl tihe sytlptottts itt hIe tdoeria tCitum do look rather lnid. Thtoughout his life, at nltcervals, Ieo huas ulfered froa tiulioe"orbidity. A clhauetu it the wneather, a luck of tdogenial society, a slight disappointmenttIt, litS nlianys ibeen sullicient to iprodutce the. miost Inluientt able depressoiotn f spirits. 'JThen thIere ieera thu fears of hits chllilduooi, fears of ghosts, fearn of robhbers, fear ofhunvenL, flears of hell, and one pnrtictlarly sittiltlrtt dread a flor of. ihanvingt coummittul what hlit called Stbho ulnpardontle lin." wIt wrotetloggrel, too, litloed soeuctimtet iven now you migiht see his voraes in the poiut's cortterof n coutry newsplaper. Not thait thait twas ut itt Itself ; but it his ftithur the itusiott for versifying watn utcotittitllablu. Intdotl it was a very lpouontttoul thiot of hit dlltttttia; to that, at say the last, Wit's a tost questiotnable itelllooutt." ilTe elurgymn. lstotutd nalletutively. " Is ite a teligioiusma tnitt at inastit m tnntt ittelitoed tte rtltpceetahln mctlity ! Ito atketd at lettglit, liIEdwardI shook his hIead gravely. " Al I that involves stil ll further giroundstl for lpre lhousiot," Ite nsivered at lenugth with a sigh. "lIor awh l wtil I ilttle betler than a tttnotmantic, nutt Ihe tolId ie hItoself that in the end it gave up his religion, even gave tip attending a tilaceo of worasip frot at Itoror of bittg ithrogth a' look of tietilit alltnetl iatltlllftl it leugti of irfedcthlnrlo xtrsaivngwltee itt mattters of devotion." 'nYoutr frieuld's ettt is n leutt itt tinterestltng Otto, andi I teur atod one,' replitl tlhe lergy man, bestowing what Edward conslderet an unneef tsarily searehin gazeuo upon hitm. A tloiet passenger fourdl his Wlev to the ar tiid notlhinc mtore was said in tilem tubject, titouogh in tile silence of titat feir Batstrliia night, as the train was stitnling with the signals against it nlt tihe star shinining in through the open windtows, you might have Iheard n low soli in the corner of tihe dingy railway carriage, and ;perhaps eoven caught e stenctne or two ao it escapedI the lies of MwatintVWiotero. "Oh i i Eithel. my Fihoel, waG blesirs you dairling," hie nnrnteered, "Little tio you drueam of the sorrow this tiay has in store for you. iint it must be done. I can save you and I will." ilI. Ethel Hnaytrna walked up td the breakfast table that morning with tihe sweetest smile imaginabhle. "That's the sort of dish for which you have a never failing appetite, my dear," mit hier fatnier as she rencheti tttt her delicate itand for a letter that had ibeon thrown upon her plate as a pleasant surpriseb'hy one of her brothers. SShe had several brothers and two snmall sisters, for the Harvhbrns were a large. and in one sense, a "growine' fantily. Ethel's mother was an invalid, nndthe care of the household had consequently devolved nrinlrei tpnlly Iiupon her good mangement. She waso - ier father's cieitt hnnd, otd soft anti gentlet as was her nature, no partner eould hiave ishared the responsibilities of his buhosiness with better judgment or more marteil me ces. lie did nltolttely nothling witthout hier nadvice. andi whether it related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchase of arrowroot, she tave it, "for what it was worth," site always said, with as mutch feminine grace as though she had been pass ing an opinion upon the latest styles oin opera cloaks. iWhy don't Ethel read that letter, in. quaired her youngest sister. "You spoke as it it was something to eat. father, and I alwanyve eat lollies as soon as I get them." "Ivene with your ham andwtiches at luncheon for instanIce, my darling," chimed in hier sister. The fanther lonked up, atd smiling. know inglg replied, "Oh, Ethel's a woman you see, and women have a habit of separating the sweets of life from the savories. That's why some women take to the coliter, and others go into the churches to pray on week days. T'here is sornethine too snaced about a womants highest joys to share thetn with the world." "Anld men, what ahout their joys?" asked lithet. "The tmajority of men are incapableot joys quite so otherial," replied iher father, buttering tatushruoo that he was about to .iswrallow with a piece of steak. "Their pleasures are for the most part pleasures of the orhe wr he earth, earthy, mr lear." "Or like Cousin Dick's of the weed, wIeed3'," shte ouggeoli naively. Charilo Itaytoroi, eight years old, witli bih olen tuckeron, laughed heartily, and, by way of emphasizing the joke, began to putt away at a crust of biread that he hail already nibbled in the shape ofone of ueonsis Dick's favourite meerethums. " Your cousin will be in town during the week, puobalhly, lo-dSay,"obuerved the father, whte Ethel walked with her armt through his to ttu garden gate. " Now. like ' doear good girl. do your best to mnake vome re Iparattah for the past. It is a crtineo to love a woman ,who is prer atid tnobler thau one solf? You klow ho loved jyou." "As twrell ts Ihe could love a'nything but htimself,'" "Andt for tmy Ipart I think it was theouly' godd thing he oever did in his life." " And you tnon', father, dear, that I wouldt forgive him for overything'lut that., Happiniess would ouly have been possible utlnder ne conldition, andil that riar when lie lhal dragged aiy life down to thellovel of his own," "You emight lhave elevoated Tnick, toy love." 'IT'lla so to tImuch for anything. The idea of elevating 1ick I Fat, lazy. tobacco-scntedl Dick. "You are reall' to huonane, you old lear," aidI Etllhel. with It parling Lisu. 'Mloat fathlcrs wrould Ihaveo kickedl the fellow out of doors," Wheen the servants had receivedtl their ordlers for the lday, thleyotttg mtistrets mglit o seen strolling leisurely' into theo'gardle. SIte mitde trtaiglt for tier old friend, the Ilortot hiny tig tree, its ehtdio wos pleasaiet that imorning, for the sun t wan pwerful and the sea Ibreze was anto in springing ulp. Her grandfathier adt planted lthat tree three. quarters of n, cintury ago. 1cr fatheir wheni Sboy haid ornamentied its sitet wtith all tmanner of dovise-mouttoea, Ihearts, initials nod st forth, aiti her brothers thad wlledl to the roportoire. It wts likewuvise historeic, of tlhe exact leight at certatl ages-hbut the aqua ateeyay tire forgiottet-of three gonesa. tiust otityhirtss, Atld it steeeil to Ethtet as thouglh before long it might become tile standard motiure of' a fourth geseratlon even. Sleu drew the letter front tier pocket, and having tlhrown the envelope ons the ground coteumposed herself to tie task of reiTlitig it. They wees always moments of In trensue pleasuro-thuse moenuts spt over Iddwrord's ?lttero. Iy uostpotuig tlne pertsol of thorn tittl ste taildloisttru to drintk in thls sweets.of each line, she somehow added more thlat bank interat to theitr value, Tearing them open at the end was like draw ing the cork of aged linec sihi fancioed. The epistle before her was the best site htad ever had-each successive one war always tihe best. but lhow unosatisfactory afiter all. how foi short of the joys of actoal eonveroation. She readl halfl the letter through, then parsed to counlt te dlays to oltristas, vwhenl e It had 0promised to Ie in town again. At lsit it was Iinished. anud read again, and she wae still sitting wih itit beore her when thte gate leadtling fronto a side lane olenel and sie h Innd a lor and faltering foitltep on the gravel twalk. It was nost a fatmiliar step. Site nerer rememberedl hearing it Iolore. And to renter by tihe side gate too, Ito gate that only htl had bieen in rithe habit of using i Iiithe day time. It alpproaclted to a junction, that of two pathn tntl there for a moment rtised. Sihe listened. It moved on, but instead of takilug thte road to thle homte doltr, it follorttel the pathIl behind tlhle shrlubbery. cr lheanrt leant quick. Tlhere was omettiltitg n:rntge. ittalti suspioilos in thati t slt. Whose coil I it bie. SIhe listened again. It died atar. It must have 1sactd oltn to the lnely pilanted flower bed. Site will go straiglht ti the gardlener. As shie rises,. a Ihatd f.dln gently otn her shoulder and a voice-a strantgely alteredi voice gasps out " My Ethel I" Antother oomett andi shie wites tttivering like a bird it Etdward's armt. lie is gihastly p.le, ani tear; are staenting in his larg brown eyes. She it titer to ve tlc;ililtirtly..' Ytt are ill dear. That itlte is killint you." " It's net she place my durling. It's the thought of yeii that msakes toe pole." She only flaosk her henil and gazed more wonteringly than ever intl his Lace. "Oh Ethel l" at length Ise btimt out"[ om not iht' 010n I thoought I wsee. I're no right te oarry yeo, nd I won't." Wi th Esiweart, 'vitaet Ito yitu meaun " shie said nittis atbrt. l It would ol~nl y· pa~il nl you t~o nw la love. lietrtel frsvtttatlabot stte." t ant I itecist upnn I:stawing," sal to - tetttl'o. " Toes ei't olter it, dear. It is a matter of lassily Itistory. It ias to tso with my patnwttve." *.s" Its yoeu tre English. You wore the frlat of silr filsessytto come out to Sydney. lWhl shlet ygnuou bh astamnted of gon parent " It.. aot ltst, iitlloi-it'o something in intitelt 'sorae, I sounli t her dra rot y ownst lislene it ionst ehfiu tahn hind yu to ooty 'skeetsl fotirissit h stilt bite orev oI a olsiestted tic tees siset lhatt sits're 1.l atassI. heit putt sls.rlstLslit tr s hera eessit1 ndlet tlit. terly-tile irst tstte cite Itua srver eried itt his teesener cithout rttcsiitg Itersoll in hseatms. Eseanl sate heyde lier ststtio les,. Ahnthter gate opetted-tlte fIrnt gatte this liot-atel it wns a tiant an Iavy foot that roal the enavel beneatl It. The color enoe Its E tanol's face..and Eithel, leaviug her seat, wetlkhoi hetiltid tihir saheruis wvhtere the sutatle wvs sssts'se. Nar diitshe oplear again uttil Ctjcait l)rkh's itortly liens hltd twivc tra vera.l It he lawnss.Sst'.I fraltr ishbjeetinsg Itself to ..orisics tot I srtictv ci tic, pres'n'' c Eslttsrsl, les dlsietppsrvdl Ifoe tic' rec tiC the ols' still, re red cto t~ hl lvlest.' itter lirs stare slot itt a l tll'lar . h K'ss Ir seas lnCieor.tersttsc testis .apsalesassld 'ilsn otrttt stestvhett telp' tl·sosy tsot titoshcs oni. titeni tie 'retl tail tr lsetrnsi es slotayesl, ad Ewo'rs Irele t tie gardens gale. At Wlaerona people had hegun to talk at .tv scern' wayo a! otitettet tank sanager. TIhe at rg; tet tieiseid ito their tioty to intttr clots ltimt. iloat at Ito s~trelseepera tad hsn conoslveritng the peoprietg oftremoving tilei necusal. Even tho Italics had keen a'araec tto keep an eye upoan himi. Eslwaol ic 'till oeing toad. Oltters tttigtt' tell yoit siatl Ito is to ateetiase i itha test, lost Itko elter. hiltasgec in tito teathee attet sins ateretthastoosr. Ottdolt says itoontysissaks is' stesos1ilas'I wIIs ho astst alien ttst aetitely sitn 'tesh. lie tealka b hgiissooll. sic1 sltenn ..esr tios siitessiplatna tLI ttsn'essss tsitell i ti'nstel c elrts in edlt talitiro he Itl' se a~taogtises fust tie rsotles. Opett atret 'tin tsleiet souity atl laetiu eaistpeesoa ti the ''p tel jar' onetii'stertve,'itrteills y lie has tiliisulty isi' in s'osienrsiitiig i' tihoglts sspssi tue iifl'area iiefl. i im ll aigsothssleas tserao.lne iisis. t1et tas c sesivest tsshicktagatiiistste prick ntow. It sinly it iuitisn si titme.' lie said ititiself site isisally cltittdy lay as IIh nt yi sit andliesiit Ietiis g u son Ic isni ''.~)losis'ryt'ise tesaaIIC-.IIe iiisi Tl~tCIs'ss'. its tat elty o ree. isoets my te e b-een tissst all soal 1-itst peseettly ent.ns iis's th A hiteek cstns te else these lier. nsticit a it. 'lters it 'se i tin. onu thiN tiiae his ithte tllsts et sisIistlII 'slihakeni. Still list sat, tisitetly otreiig the air w ove tia fnolretil. Ttet the siss tss gestly ti, l ass stinsecieotest eieittst5 iso ieds wiit itll ilistiiy isle this sisret aTinsrtmnt hntrades 'hat ei'e got seats new th'ath myoe to itttarsvtifg." Elietstd tstksss up. Osco main in tic tlfe Isshests sastseiest. I tie li e sal h adlitte ttstthisse-bhrelye iitetssssso, iin last. iin tnthisgtit. '' Dr. Sisserti I' lie w onclaisoot anl tiesh ttho sld stsm fly hath Itasisa silk i kinsio watetage glee. Yes, it scat tie. SMatesii. The van mite unit mixenltto ptIlt istis tihsttsissttiieartsi suysleriusasy seciest ta Isavi cru se'',ack ngssls jtit its Itis In gist isis viattiss a ticcent ttj afearod its macit" lie asais sinionsly, as tnkevwhnt I said seriously. So !fow people outside the profession over gaveo' hereditary disrcea single thloought. I left Warrona in a hurry lest vou should ask mnore questions. for I'd had n little whisky, and didn't know how much I'd told you. And if it. hadIn't been for nttenliog a young lady who is nnaway from homte for change of nir, having beer nearly killed by the heartlessoess of her lover, I should never have given yon 1the1 credit for thinking of anything but my unfortunate allusion to Luly Winters, which, I beg to say, is enltirely without. foundation. 'Ihis saenay onlg hdy aroosed my suspielons, nd here I 050 to Idoctor yo now. EverythingoK ona right ot last. lothi secrets ore selverL lForgive me and I'll rsre you in t fortnighlt." "No thnohs, no smedieine doctor." snoi i the patient wtit a wave of his snold. 'Its tes late for tihat no. "''is lon dose and no more, I promise you no more.," persisted the ols naso. And sO' saying he took h mesdicis casse frotm his huge br'ass- pocket, sss reiad outl ths, following ratler lqueer prescription, whicsh he said sillh been pslce.l in tie hands by the yostsg lady's letlser:- "Msoesseaton, lMay Ilth, ISI°. "'Its 't'ltttttso lt~sylssvs, l'sti. "ie)ea Usle-\'nlo toils to write lwhat particslars of young Winter'n family Ihistory I was able to discover durinsg my tourt is England. I think at lust we haves bowled slim out. tlow dare Ihe pass hisissl oil in .\usiralian s the son of titled parents. I sholl I be obliged if you will inrotnt my cousin Ethel of the true facts of the case. They are briefly these. His father, a drun. ken blacksmith, died when he weas a few mouths old. Ils mother, unable to tnaltniln a family, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in handl by Lady Winters, who. mtch to tho annoyance of her Irhaltbli, determined to adopt hibt oo Iher own son. Itoth Sir Wilfrid and Lady Winters hIave been dead for some years now. an1d their oestaes Iing oeanaumberedl with dlelte, nothing remarins for the Australian adventurer. "Your nephew, "Richard Ifayburn." "Wlhat an ess a fellow is to label Ihimself a madman, Ethel," snid Edward WVinters to Iis b orride ole fine spring torning. as they leaved over the side of the Flora ont their tay to rTasmanlia. loutll ttnever do it again, dear, will youe" she said looknlig op into his frace. "No. in future I am going to wait until otlhero people tell moe I'm madtt my darling," 'terl you'll hlolieve it thenr" o I lon't promise." Wh~ly i" 'Itecause tlhat old bachelolr witlh the 'possum rug over his kneero ry.r wre looklike a pair of Iluntrr -ttl-hat all young couples do.' 