Some thoughts on the Strike. ' ' BYCOOYAL.- . - ? .....M Property Imb its duties ns.woll as -its right?, and the ouc are correlative of the other."-DUBKIS. \- . " If those duties are .wholly neglected it will no* . be prope'ity long. Take an extreme case. Suppose nil (he coal and iron throughout the kingdom were the..property of-,ten ; persons. Do you .think the nation would endure that, bocause it; was their property, tliey skould .play the part of the'dog in -the manger, and either seclude it from me; or (if it were possible), destroy it?: Would nottlie na tion rather resume .its rights over what is essen j.; tially natural wealth, and therefore to bo used for ; the benefit of the whole community 1-HENBY : ROGERS. ~ -r ; . . .. > Tbi^of course applies to where the capi talist, and monopolists lock out their men from work ; bu it is also applies, to work men who will not work themselves or let \- other people work-which is identical with i fsithe state of affairs , now; obtaining inronr own, and -sister .colonies. They have said by the mouth of their leaders that they are justified in stopping production in order to bring capitalists down on their marrow bones, and so obtained by' downright force 'What they demand—whether it be right or wrong. Nowhere it will be seen| no one is considered, but the two sets of persons the capitalists and the trade unionists, not withstanding that this is a free country having a democratic form of Government; in which every male, individual of the age of 21 may vote, no matter whether he be rich or poor virtuous or vicious and the question naturally occurs to any rational man " Is this right ?" and he emphatically answers his own query thus: "No, I'm hanged if it is !" "Without quoting the Pre miers' figures, I will confine myself to the city of Sydney, say, 5000 rnen but oil strike, and that is, it anything above the mark the population of city and suburl s is some thing under 400,000 ; say only a fourth are men of voting age, and oiily half of them lonajlde workers, here- we have 45,000 to COOO, and yet the smaller number are actu ally dictating to the larger number. Is it reasonable; is it. just? Now every man who has read knows what labour has suf fered from capital in times past; and it is Sat as well known how beneficial Trades nions have been.; The tyranny of capital ists during the first half of the present 'cent . - ury--and years before-was something ap *? palling; the monster has been scotched but killed, and another mopster-A Frank ; cntein of labour's own making-has arisen . winch bids fair to knock to eternal smitlier -cobb the reputation of the old tyrant; it is heir brea& and butter, even much less tlui personal 'liberty,' by preaching a new crasado against monopoly, greed, profligacy, intem perance, licentiousness, parliamentary cor ruption, gambling and clerical pliariseeism. No'; the job is too risky, besides it would n't pay. Just so. Therefore, our much vaunted system of education has done noth ing in a moral and economic sense, but to in fact, in a fair way to break the record. In fifty years education has made gigantic strides-however we are so often told so that we never question it; yet what and where are the result of this education ? Do we find it in the attitude of the strikers to day, towards their follow men; in their forbearance, in their charity, or in their Christian feeling. One cannot find- it, though he walk every day of his life a round the quays and wharves, along Sussex-street; by the Maritime Hall, and other places where strilterj most do congre gate. . Let us look in another direction, and look for the result of our £750,000 /worth coeducation in this colony. Do we find any great number of men ready to jeopordise make us intensely selfish; hence "there is no difficulty in prevailing upon 6000 or G000 men going out on strike-not so much for principle as for immediate gain. And in their endeavour to get this thoy are not over squeamish as- to who they tread under foot. 'Twas ever so ; the strong crushed down the weak, and our expensive system of Public instruction lias, after;.;24 years trial and the expenditure of millions of money, made us no better llian our great grandfathers were in this particular respect -unless it be that seamen, maritime officers wharf labourers, coal miners and lumpers, cooks, stewards, ' engineers and firemen havej some how or other, escaped tho ad van tges offered by a paternal Government of acquiring knowledge. No, this cannot bo, because all of- these are shrewd close dealing men-besides maritime officers and engineers must liavo a special training, which cannot well be gained without a fair primary education; Yet they place tbem | selves on the same, footing as other men whoso work requires little else besides physi cal strength. The fact is education, has not made us as a people, very much better thau our ancestors, who entrusted book learning and penmanship to priests and a few lay experts. That period of European history known as the Rennaisance was the most selfish and greedy of any, but it is doubtful whether it is not eclipsed in this particular by what we are pleased to call the Victorian era ; for all sections of society seem to be bent upon "making the almighty dollar-^'and there is practically no differ ence between the ragged ganim in the street who sells you "Truth" Oh, why will not '. Truth " adopt its motto Audi alteram par tem ? or the Evening Lyre " for one penny, and tho man who screws the last six pence he can get out of you for rent. Bah ! it is enough to make one give up the ghost to hear so much twaddle'about an educa tion, which has only" increased our cunning and greed and subordinated our patriotism to. a burning desire to "get on in tho world," makes as blind to our own imperfections, and permits the existence of corruption in Parliament, and bigotry and dishonesty in our churches. It has been alleged by those who do not like labour under any aspect that the pre sent movement is owing to socialistic teach ing ; which Is- altogether -wrong, as can easily be proved by the fact of several promi nent sectarians taking part in the struggle, and their expressions, both on the stump and in the press. Plainly speaking, the socialists of Sydney are in no way respon sible for the strike; and up to the present time, it is doubtful whether they have re ceived" an addition to their numbers, The fact is' those who are the leaders in' the strike do not like socialism ; they may glad ly accept socialistic help, but they will give nothing in return. Socialism is unselfish, though aggresive ; but Trades Unionism' is both. The one would reform socreiy by making it impossible for a man to monopo lise wealth, while other men were in want, tho other don't care a hang who sinks so long as they swim. Therefore with this difference between them it is unlikely that there can be any blending, and it is unjust to socialism to charge the Unionists, with being socialistically inclined. There is one man among the strikers who has certainly in tho past preached socialism — Christian socialism—who seems to have forsaken his colours and gone over, without rhyme or reason to monopoly—for one can no more dissacociate the Unionists from this term than one can the capitalists, for if one is in- tent upon a monopoly of wealth, the other seeks to monopolize labour -even by such uncivilised means as heaving chunks of blue metal, at those who desire to sell their la bour for the current market price; Practi cally, the Unionists say " No man shall work without our permission and-they actully put in practice what- they preach, even while the police were looking on have they hurled epithets so vile and filthy at those they euphemistically call blacklegs, 'that had said blacklegs committed man- slaughter no honest jury in the world would have convicted them. It it all bunkum to tell us that the Unionists are not respon sible for the acts of blackguard outsiders. Every army has its camp followers, no doubt, but if these gentry misconduct them selves and the pure merinoes do not inter fere or correct them, then they must be blame able. The writer has seen much more than even the capitalistic newspapers have detailed, and he can unhesitatingly say that the men who were guilty of most of these blackguardly and cowardly attacks upon non-unionists were recognised mem bers of the Union- in fact old members. And this sort of thing goes on in spite of what is said to the. contrary by the leaders, and what appears in the' small hand' bill issued by Messrs. Cotton and Lesina to the effect that the daily press of the city misre. present and exaggerates everything that is done by the strikers. In no single instance has the " capitalistic " press exaggerated an attack made by Unionists on the non unionist workers ; just the reverse, for if they have erred at all it has been in favour of the strikers. The so called «' Capitalistic " Press, too,; has not only given tbo best and fairest reports, of daily proceedings, and sent special reporters round to gather up fragments wherewith to enlighten the general public as to details, but it has suppressed correspondence, which dealt roughly with the Unionists. I know this, and I charge the city press with dis loyalty to the public, just as I charge tlie "Government with incompetence in not being able to protect its citizcns. Believe " me' theso nou-uuioxi labourers liavo had a rough time of it. Many of them have been out of work for months, and some time ago were practically ostrascised by .tho Unionists, because they were in arears with their fees -or'as they term it, unfinancial. When the strike was imminent they wanted to join the Union, but were told they must.pay up tho £5. What a farce, to ask men who had hungered for months to pay 100 shill ings, when they had not that many half pence. But when the Union men went out and these uufinancial men went to work at the Message ries wharf, coal lumping, they were asked' to come into the Union, .Imt de clined-and who can blame them. As for the professional-unemployed, I don't think he is to be found among tho workers, though lam sure'I have detected him among the crowd of Unionists and have'heard liis voicn tho loudest in the senseless howl " Go homo you t- -blackleg." This shameful inter ruption and intimidation of non-union workers has been strongly denounced by tlie English' socialist Mr. Champion- and it is only fair-to say I have met with several Union men, who have protested with much force against the conduct of some of their brother0 Unionists. Many of the men more especially the young mates, who were the ostensible cause of the strike-have but a hazy idea . of. what, .it is all about and simply say is la silly apologetic manner, " Wo were called out, and we had to go." They are young and most of them have a little money; thoy are pleased with the lib erty they are enjoying, and cutting quite dash in the suburbs as nautical swells. When.their cash is gone and the £1 a week strike money is uncertain there will be plenty ol Mari time officers looking for berths. Tho wharf laborers and lumpers, too, are by no "meaus in bad circumstances ; their pay is generally good and despite the idea that 8 hours is onougli for any man to work, these gentlemen coal heavers and cargo slingers had no objection to work as long as thoy could over the perscribed hours for pay and a-half -or, Is 6d an hour. Therefore there is no comparison between them and the Locd >n Dock Labourers, whose pay was only 5d an hour, and . not more than two hours a day at that. Yet we hear of money coming from that quarter to assist Austra lian labours and others on strike-said Aus tralian laborers mind you are mostly Euro peans of some sort with a pretty big sprink ling of negroes, either American or West Indian; As a/Union man said the other day "if they tako the money from those poor devils at home they ought to be kicked." The fact is tho Unionists in Lon must bo very badly ? informed on Australian affairs if they imagine that the Sydney strikers are. really in want. It is more than probable the bad time that most of us have been having lately tho men how on striko have been doing fairly well; if they have not been providenttliat is not the cap italist's fault but their .own and they can expect no sympathy on that account. There- are two sides to every question' and as a radical which I am known to be it may naturally occur to your readers that I liavo been pretty rough .on those whose cause I generally champion. I will champion labor, but I am not a trades-uni onistand I cannot see that Trades Union ism is** going to bring about what I, and every thoughtful man wishes to see: an im proved state of society, a "purified parlia ment, and an outspoken, independent press. Competition is played out as a factor to wards the betterment of our race,,Protec tion would only prolong the agony and still further perpertrate monopoly, while Free trade and Individualism are simply a means for a few to obtain freedom and wealth at the expense of the many. That the capit alists have much to answer for there is no denying. ' I don't blame them holding out now they have got so far, but there was rio real why thoy should not have swallowed tho first affront. They have no love for labour, or any policy, that will elevate the worker or will curtail their own privileges ; and I have heard from capitalist lips such expressions as convinced me that the labor ers were no more to them than so m?ny machines wherewith to make money ; and I mistrust''them " so far that I doubt much whether they will stand to the men who have come forward in an emergency, when the Unionists condescend to come down off their pedestal to shake hands with their natural enemies. Rather than continue to lose money they will sacrifice the poor devils who really hang on by their eyelids between tlie devil and the deep sea. - In stance the Sydney Gas Company. In a week or two they have no coal, and yet it is a huge monopoly'supported' .by the citizens of Sydney. Why have they, not twelve months supply in hand? Why? because they have been too greedy in making big dividends to heed their customers. : Why don't they, use mountain coal? "(they, say they can't). Bosh ! they have done it before and can do so now. Newcastle coal gives tho better results ; but gas can bo, and ia, made from almost any kind of coal, if the manufacturers will only take the trouble and be satisfied with a little less profit. Should tho Litligow and Illawarra. miners strike what theft ? Why, provided we had a Goveynment with a back bone; a Govern ment that stood aloof from capital and was above truckling to labor for votes, then the best thing that possibly could be would happen: the coal lands would be resumed and the mines worked by the State.in the in terests of the whole people. And so in other things"; as fast as one strike or lock out occurred, the State would step in be tween the wrangling purties and work the concern for tlie people until the whole social machinery would be in the hands of the state. Co-operation will lead to this eventually, but competition, never not, at a,nyrato, until it has rcduced labour to worse than slavery. . I said there were too sides to every^cgea tion : mid thero are two ;tsides to this stake. .I have mixed with both parties have chatted with all sorts and concMions of men. In watching the Union men d chairing the Scottish Clnef tho othei da}, "S the auspices of mslciof a capitalist s stevedore. I got 1 ' ? r with an intelligent foreigner-a Swede I believe-he cxpliviucd to me that the the Union men were discharging t.his^s up because the master asked tllcT , , i ^ and he had offered good pay. I taoklcd lnm on the eight hour question, aud tho bi0 over time they were said to make. "Don't yon believe all you hoar,' h® said, "I assure you I have not averaged more than 30s a week for twelve months. I have a wife and four children and parjo for a house up. on tho point there towards Miller's Point,) so there s not much chop in that." But big pay is made." .' Yes. I -have made £4 a weolc, but my average is what I have said.. Somo^f tlie chaps always make b.g pay, bufc t?,ieyfc ?h0 vimners-masters' men-who stand at tlio hatch and keep them below filling tho bas kets like niggers-(my friend was a coal lumper). But these follows .are supposed to spend half their wages_ m the S evedores pub (here lie nodded towards the Aigjle. cut, in-which vicinity stands the pub which is how boycotted by tho Union.sts), and -if ho don't he is-told he is not wanted. Tho public don't know half of what s going on -and I'm blessed if I think the owners do, either. Why -I know these stevedores make as much as £50 or £60 clear out of while we who do the work, aro out far a one job-say, eight ^-nine -d^^wwk, week perhaps before we getanothci job. " Why not co-operato and do thisrwoxk «.* enough but our officers don't seem to take tha matter »p. .Of course the itoWI. got all the gear and tackle, and Keeps a Lam launch to take the men offto-13hips they aro going to coal-<|ll of which wo could get if we set about it. " Yes, it is clear enough to mo that tho middle, man as in everything else, rea^ps the benefit of tho laborer's work. If the men co-operated Lliey'd bo better paid and tho ship owner would save money. " So they would ; but they don't seem to Hko tho trouble ; and our chaps aro just as bad.' Anyhow, whatever they say. about our big pay, we earns every penny of_u, slaviug away down in the bunkers of the big steamers, in the dust and dark,.and the big lumps a tumbling down atop of_you if you don't look out. Why it s. that dark you can't seo your mate a yard off although they have big oil lamps- but then, what with tho dust and smoke from the-oil,, and the steam from " the men's bodies, you can hardly breathe, much less-see. I wo ahul* inos an hour is little onough for our work -and so'd the. owners say if they was.to see us, for some of 'em ain't -at all bad'uns;" This man's yarn seemed fair enough, and it is surprising that sum attempt lias not been made before now to do all tho work by co-operation. There is nothing easier, and tho ship owners, as well as the men, would be the gainers-though the professional stevedore, like many.auotlier, would find his occupation 'gone. But what ot that! better that tho men who toil should receive the reward than he who simply provided a few rope and blocks aud gins, and ^got .a o'aug of men together should be able to flash about in a buggy and pair, _and Keep an attractive bar at which the hardly earned wages of his men is wasted. Strange to say the. Unionists seem only just now to have awakened to the fact that the capitalists are fighting- them with their (the Unionists) own .capital, for all this large sum of money we hear so much about, and which is to sustain the men to the bit tor end, is held by tho; banks 'of the colony which we all know are capitalists' institu tions jiar cxccllcnce. Suppose the Unionists start a bank of their own what then ? Why it will simply convert them, into small cap italists and so widen the gulf bet-ween them and those who seek to place, capital m a position that it can do no. harm. A small capitalist is as dangerous as a_ large one a his sympathies teud in one direction, ana selfishness must.be the motive power at all times. The remedy for this is a National Bank, tho, establishment of which would give us more real power as a people than fifty private institutions. _ In short, a_ see nothing real or substantial to be gained from tho strike. There will be much indi vidual loss while the state will not.gain a fraction. Production has already been stopped, and million of monoy have there fore ceased to circulate. Tho Billamyian. ideal state is as far off as ever and directly, we slialL see both Capitalists and Unionists " whipping the cat" for their fooleries. In conclusion I will wind up with an appropri ate quote from a weil-known economist : " It is a crime to let coal or iron lie idle and-, waste. The natural riches of a country are intended for the benefit of the nation : and tho law of property in securing to some a special interest' in them, does not design that the nation shall be debarred from all beneficial interest in them." 