\IGHTFALL ox the puget sea. x fit lesidc He I'uget Sea. And i™4 41ic I,url,lc steps of even. And 1c, al»ve tie waters hroad. Tacoma, glorious tent of God. njij jarting clouds, stands grand and free. " Availst tic sinning wall of heaven. Tacoma. l»y Vancouver named 3If. luh'ncr. whole transfigured face " O'erlcoks tie tofl-qicnt families Of Federal cities. jKiits. and seas. Dome of tie empires, sunset flamed. Tie mount of vision and of grace1 Toil's thousand hammers cease to heat An'and tie intcrflueut seas: Uver tie earti a silence falls And on tic inarlde mountain walls tVicie night and day together meet. Tie sunset hangs her irises. Tic mountain hums as in the days tVhcn once tie lava currents run. And curled tie scoriae, and amassed, Till sunt tic flames in craters vast And ceased to tiundcr and to Maze, And froze in airs of tireless sun. The sunheains fall: He afterglow. Tie mystic tvviligit, now appears And'Egits He giiciil fields, and shines Along He ancient carhon lines And gray"raoraines and gneiss helow Aiii lava heds of nameless years. Anon tbe sea "breezes fan. The wings of winds cerulean 2*ass : Pacific breezes, largesses, "Whose rippling splendors till iLo trees ' Celestial airs fmm old Japan Whose light feet touch the floors of glass. 0 bainier. hieath thy steps of heaven, What noble deeds shall history pen. When i>caec forgets the art of war And ultimate America fulfils the dreams to prophets given And crowns the waiting hopes of men I Across yon ocean ferrynge 0*cr which the liquid spice airs 7»iow. At these new ]K>rts of greater States "Whose harvests rice-starved Asia waits, What noble schemes shall art engage. What silk shi}>s come, what grain sliips go! 3Idhmks a thousand years are here, Tbe grandest years since time begun, 0 my America, whose march. Hasreached the wide l'adflc arch Aud welcomes in this atmosphere The 31'Jiigol merchants of the sun I And now depart the ghosts of gold, And comes the pale moon, argent wheeled: With silver air the earth grows bright And o'er the sea of laznlito Tlic mountains. tireless and cold. la quivering outline stands revealed. The fagot Sea lies still and calm Audo'trthe JTophct-Arountunrs face A cl"ud descends like tliat of old nut <>*er the broiv of llermon rolled, Aad Faith would here uplift her psalm And tabernacle in the place. y^Tv rests tbe sailor <m the l«ay, y wakes the evening s*uig <?t love. And here as *nii«i Etrurian trees Where oaten reeds breathed prox>hccies. The Destinies to the spindles sav Thus sluli the peaceful ages move ! «-//»:'l"<h nrot'Ot hi Yo'itir* OjHtjutiurjii- j 