Opening of the New Wesleyan Church /. Staclcun. THIS object wes consummated on Tuesday evening by one of the most successful social gatherings that has ever been held in the town, in the shape of a tea and palio meeting. The tables were laid ont in the old cburoh building, and were provided by Mesdames Price, Pickering, Beale, Frape, Bridger, Scott, and Miss Powell. Several other ladies con- nected with" the congrégation also assisted by subscription. The spread was one well worthy of the auspioions occasion, and although for about an hour and a half the seats around the festive boards were kept well filled, yet there was no lack of viands. It would be difficult to estimate the actual number that sat down, as many of tho tickets taken at the door were re-sold, but approximately it might be stated at about 200. While the feast- ing was going on in the old building, those who had already been satisfied were gradually filling the new ohuroh, where the public meeting was to ba held, and by toe time that proceedings were about' to commence that building was literally packed, every available foot of space being occupied. The Bev. James Scott presided, and had on either Bide of him Bevs. D. M'Innes'and James S. Scott (Presbyterian) and W. H. Williams and B. Johnston (Wesleyan). A choir of 18 voices rendered some very choice selections during the evening. After singing and .p-nyer, the Chairman called upon Rev. D. M'INNES, who congratulated the Wes- leyan body upon the handsome building they had created. Ue said that he knew: Maclean when there was neither Wesleyan Ohuroh, parsonage, or minister, but it was a cause for congratulation to them that they have now all of these. There is a tendenoy in this ago to pay toa much attention to show'; but in this building he wan glad to see that there was nothing of that nature to divert the hearers from the pure word of God as it may be delivered to thom. He had much pleasure in stat- ing that he and all. tho ministers in' connection with the Church had always lived on the most friendly terras. Ho remembered the time when the laity of tho Wesleyan Church could take but a very small part in the management of its affairs, but he wus glad to see that they were becoming more assimilated, to the Presbyterian Church in this respect, and he hoped.that Boon all Protestant .Churches would become Presbyterian, not only in form, but in doctrine. He hoped that this.ohuroh, the pulpit, and the minister, would be used by tho Holy Ghost aa instrumenta whioh shall declare tho wholo counsel of Gad, and that many a weary pil- grim to Zion will have reason to bless the place of worship. Rev. W. II. WILLIAMS said that one pleasing feature in our modern churches..was'that tho comfort ' of the minister and congregation WHB attended to, and he was pleased to seo that in this church it had not been overlooked; ; Although there may be an absence of eleganoe, there was not an absence of neatness. The congregation had acted wisoly in having their own minister to conduct tho opening services; He did not see the necessity for having strangers to draw large con- gregations upon Buoh occasions. Their own Min- ister has had all the worry and trouble in bringing the building to its completo state, and if there was any honor attached to the dedication it should be conferred upon him. Ho congratulated tho oholr upon their.singing. In this age singing forms a great part in the education of every boy and girl, and ho did not think the services could ba made too attractive by having the singing too good. He liked to see the congregation entering heart and soul into the musical part of tho service, whioh ha believed was as acceptable to God as any other part of it. _But that was not nil that was required, Ho hoped this congregation would support thoir minister by their prayers and sympathies, regular attendance nt the BerviccB, and by their liberal contributions, and that they would help him in all his endeavours to promote the welfare of the ohuroh. ? Pro-ominontly above all things ho hoped that this churoh would bo orownod with God's presence ; and that his Word, ns preached by His Borvnnts here, will bo a word of power and comfort and living energy whioh will lead to that Saviour by whoso meritäniono the favor of God oon be found Rev. JAMES S. SCOTT said that he bad been invited to attend a meeting ut Woodburn to receive a testimonial, but he was almost glad that the invitation reuohed him late and he had to defer his visit, as ho would havo been sorry to have miBsed this gathering, It did ono's heart good to see Buoh a large attendance at a religious meeting. He hnd one fault to find with this now church, and that was that it was too Amàll. It may bo largo onough for the present congregation ; but room should have been allowed for development. He had come to the conclusion that every puhlic building should be made at least one-third larger than ÍB absolutely necessary for the aotunl require- ments, so that people could sit for an hour and a half an hot days with comfort. This building had been erected with tho objeot of rendering tho honor to the Great Builder and Architcot of the universo whioh is due to him, and td show to an unregenerate and unbelieving world, that His pooplo had not forgotten thoir God. ,Ho'urged them to guard jealously, tho purity of tho place, and trusted that it would be a green spot to many of them as they jouroeyed through this- desert of sin-a place to whioh they might como weekly to spend an hour in communion with each other, and with the Almighty ¡ that thoy would all see to it that lt will not bo a spot ot dark memories in eternity, to oauso them misery by tho thought that here they might havo met with Christ, but would not. ; ' The CHAIRMAN then read the financial state- ment of tho building fund. Thc oost of the ohuroh was about £G0U. The amount received in subscriptions to dato is £111 Gs, and promises not paid £52 Ss; total £166 14s. In addition to this fund thoro was ona for tho purchase of a now organ, for which £12 10s has been received in cash, and about £5 promised, and with tho sale of the old instrument they expeoted to have sufficient to cover the cost of the new ono. Tho collections on Sunday in aid of tho building fund amounted to £5 10a Sd, and the debt remaining on the building was £,10G 15s. A collection was then taken up, when tho bandeóme sum of £4 11s 4d was contri- buted, and in responso to tho solicitations of the chairman, sevoral promises and donations were handed in, making the total results of the meeting, exclusive of tho proceeds of tickets, £70, REV. R. JOHNSTON thea amused the audience for some time with some of his quaint stories and sayings, One concerning a man who, having accidentally swallowed a sovereign, was in great distress as to how ho should have it removed, and on consulting his medical adviser was told to go to a methodist parson " he would draw it out of him " evoked a considerable amount of merriment. He concluded his address with an exhortation to tho members of tho congregation to dedioato not Only their churoh, but thoir bodieB. souls and spirits to God, to continue to emulate each others zeal and piety, and in addition to gifts of money to give a share of their time to the welfare of tba people of tho district and thus aid their minister in his pas- toral duties. The CHAIRMAN announced that the result of the collection and the promises that evening had reduced the debt on the building to about £250, and after votes of thanks were heartily accorded to the Colonial Sugar Coy., for placing their launch at tho disposal of Harwood friends, to the ladies who provided the tea, to the speakers and members of the ohoir, tho architect (Mr. J. Moyes), the con- tractors, and Messrs. Henry and Skinner (for gifts of artialoB of ohuroh furniture), the meeting olosed with tho benediction. .,> 