CHINA MISSION. Services were held yesterday at various churches by the Rev. Dr. Hudson Taylor and Mr H. Montagu Beiuchsmp, the repre sentatives of the China Inland Mission. Tbe Bev. J. Hudson Taylor, tbe foander and director of the China Inland Mission, preached yesterday morning to a very large congregation at the Patterson-street uestayan unurcn, taking ior nis cexc cue 8th verse of the 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. In order to quatify a man to preach the Gospel, Mr Taylor eaid it was necessary he should receive tbe holy spirit of God, which alone could persuade a man's heart, though human argument could per suade a man's head. This power was not withheld from any who wished to receive it. What God wanted were witnesses whose lives showed they were treadiug in the steps of Him who came to save the world, and who were enabled to testify to their knowledge of Jesus by their bright, happy, Christian lives. Circum stances wire neither a help nor a hindrance to an obedient and willing servant of God; for as a light would burn as well in one room as in another, so a Christian's life and testimony, if lighted by tbe power of tbe Holy Ghost, would shine equally as well at home and abroad. Though all could not go to China, great as was the need of witnesses ! there, still all could 6bow by kindness to i the Chinese now amongst tbem that the religion of Jesus whs a good one for tbem to embrace. The effect of this treatment would be to strengrhen tbe hands of tbel preachers in China in a remarkable degree, I since tbe Chinese there know how tbeir countrymen are entertained in these colo nies. Mr Taylor concluded his address by reminding bis hearers of tb» promise of God towarda those who give up all natural fittrqetion6 and pursuits in order to engage in Hiq work— promises which are invariably fulfilled, as so many laborers in the mis sionary harvefct so amply prove. In i he afternoon there was a large gather ing on tbe reserve near the Cataract Bridge, when Mr li. Montague Beaucbamp deli vered uu impressive address, in the course of which he spoke of the avidity with which tbe Chinese received the gospel, and the difficulty of imparting it to them, as they ImflW nothing ol tne gospel exc«pr what tbe misftionaries told them. He then contrasted their eagerness with the in differ. nee ot many living in Christian lands nnd of the Rreater responsibility of those wbo had increased privileges. Mr White hou«f\ s&cretary; to Mr Hudson Taylor, fol lowed with an earnest address on the word* 'Jesus only.' At the Memorinl Chursh in the evening ever' available t-e&t; was occupied, when Mr .Taylor conducted tbe service. The prenc^r took for his lesion tbe fourth chapter of St. John's Gospel, in the reading *-f which gave a lengthy exposition of eaob 'veri»e. ' In the wermon which fol lowed Mr ?Taylortook for his text the 9tb rerse of Corinthians IJ„ 8th chapter, ' For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ,, thst though He was rich, yet for your eakes He became poor, that ye through Ilia poverty might be rich ' I In dealing with his subject the nreachur atid the only thing that could hinder from J tbe p'»fseesion of those riches was unbelief. I ' 8ii» aud neglect mieb* binder, but they I were the fruit of unbelief- Tbe living I [ water referred to in tbe lesson previously | might be possessed by any ~§-er8on:'f¥hir would believe in Christ, but to retain that living water there must be «n outflow -as Wtiil as an inflow j a pond or reservoir to be kept from becoming stagnant mttet bate an outlet, and so Christians lost tbeir bless ings through not imparting to others. Chinese fioht ertft had to maVe -ere at sacri fices when tbey became CJhriatiaM, but' God returned to them many fold/ During bis visit to America two years ago, be said, he Biw a wonderful instance of 1 blessing received as& reword for sacrifice made for Christ s sake. In conclusion, Mr I Taylor eaid there were thl-ee things be I wished for those present' iu that building 1\. That tbey might receive tbe-' living water: 2. That tbey witness for Christ in their home life ; and 3, that they might volunteer for His service in foreign fields of labor. Tbe service concluded with -Abe singing of the -M Consecration ' hymfc, after which the ordinance of tbe Lord's Supper Was administered. . , . . Mi Beeucaabjp Addrttssba a very largo congregation at Christ Church (Princes' Square) in the evening. Tbe pastor, the Bev. W. Law, conducted the preliminary portion of the service: Mr fieauchamp spdke at length on ibe work in Chlnrf; thl referred to. his three years' experience in evangelistic work in that vast country. OhriftUftn (.'hnmhM did iinf. WKio -£h« needs of the heathen worl^.t £Eho work of the China Island Mission, wiid Mr Beauchamp, was non 'denominational. China has 16 provinces, and the one In which be labqted Was tbe largest, Tbe geography of Chiiia ihignt be reduced rthen he stated that Tasmania could be put 700 times over into China Proper. Ch istian mission work in China was a hard uphill fight. Christian churches had immense responsibilities with regard to China. The Work, amongst stich countless millions would be hopeless unless God was tin thfeh side. To work in sujh a field was a post to be coveted, and be called upon Christian workmen to engage In euch holy' tdil. Thousands of present-day Christians were represented by the 4* elder' eon In the parable of tbeMProdig%l Bon,' wbo Cared Uttle for the *? jwinger' brother in tbe far off country. The address was concluded by an earnest appeal to the bearers tu per sonal consecration to mission work in China. The anneal tea and public . meeting will be held this evening, the former in the 1 Patterson-el teet Wesleyan School-room at , 6*30, and tbe latter in tbe church, where the chair will be taken at 7*30. Addresses will be delivered by Mr B. Wung Loo (Chinese missionary), Rev; J Hudson Taylor, F.R G.8., Mr H. M. Beauchamp, B.A., and others. The Chinese will siug hymns in their own language, and a col lection will be taken up in aid of the Taamanitin musion. 