CORRESPONDENCE MINERS' UNION REHIOI)ELLED. TO THtE EDITOR. Sir,-I should like to call tihe attention of the miners of this district to our past, pro sent, and future position. I think it wil require very little thought before the real state of aff?irs will show itself. I may say I have only been in this district a little over three years. Although the term is short, comparpd with the majority of miners in the distriet, I think I have had a fair ex perience in strikes during that time, as I went through the South Waratah strike, the general strike two years ago, and the one we have just completed-I think in all about one year out of the three on strike. I watched events as they passed from time to time, also tihe action of the miners them. selves, and their leaders in particullr. I saw from first coming into the district, that the miners and their employers had the power to build up this district; or, on the other hand, to drive it into a state of liquidation. In taking the two possibilities, I think they have been most successful in the last one; if children crying out for bread, and could not have it, be any criterion to go by to show cause why our association requires remodelling. I think we cannot have a better guide than our late experience. I will therefore confine my remarks to the strike just passed. It his been freely admitted that we had no quarrel with our employers. Our leader tells us that it was on principle we refused to cut coal to be supplied to non-union ships. If principle is going to be upheld at all, it should be upheld in its integrity. But I shall have a little to say on that matter later on. I think our leaders have been fairly criticised as the strike went along, by various correspondents, so I will take the subject up at the point where our representative returns from Sydney, calls a special meeting of the committee of management, and sends word to the associated proprietors that the miners were prepared to resume work. This was done without consulting the miners at all. Afterwards they call in their aides-de.camp, or, in other words, the delegaite board, and the information or order is cdnveyed to the ranks, which very naturally caused a regular uproar. The feeling of the miners in the district was so intense that it was found necessary that the presi dent should take a tour round to all the lodges to allay the feeling that was rising among the miners. I think he pretty nearly saug the one song at every lodge. It appears his mission was to justify, if possible, the actions of the committee of management and the district officers during the strike. iHe appears to have been fairly successful at the majority of the lodges in calming down the men. At the Borehole Sea Pit things seemdo to have been pretty warm; but Mr. Thomson runs our leaders to shelter under the district rules, faulty as the rules are. When they have to sock shelter under the worst of them, it does not speak very well for their actions; for I am satisfied that if the rules had been proporly explained they would never have been passed. Their excuses only go to show how unfit they are for the positions they occupy, for if thoughtful men had been in that position they would have taken the voice of the miners before causing a strike or lock-out to take place. But I think if Mr. Thomson examines the rules he will find none that gives them power to break an agreement at their will, without giving the notice specified in that agreement. The question before the district is not one as to whether our leaders have kept to the rules, but it is one as to whether they have acted consistently with their duties or not P If we take Mr. Thomson's speeches at most of the lodges-and I may say the same re marks refer to his colleagues-ho frequently spoke for an hour at a time. I may say, I listoned to him on one occasion for some where near thbat time. After thoroughly sifting his speech and throwing out the refuse, I found very little left; and that only went to show their unflitness for the position they occupy. It simply amounted to this; their actions were built entirely on hope. As Mr. Thomson said, money did not; come in as thny expected; the shearers were not associnted as well as expected, and some even 'esesed to come out when the order was given. The hundred thousand pounds flourished on a banner in Sydney turned out to be a ghost. The engine drivers and fire men were found in a similar position, and firstclass union men said, "Only lot us alone; don't ask us to come out." In fact, our leaders found out during and after the strike what they ought to have ascertained before any miners in this dis trict throew down their tools. If other labour organisations refused to come out to protect the general principle of unionism, why should the miners take up the responsi bility of protecting thein who refused to protect themselveso? Then we come tJ the late conference between the Assooiated lMas ters and miners' representatives., I noticed that Mr. Gregeon very properly took oxcep tion to the committee of management taking bho place of the delegate board when oon ferring with them, and I think it would have been as well if the proprietors had taken a stand at that point. For this reason. Sup posing the committee is allowd to live, the next one might be composed of men from the non-associated collieries-and the associated proprietors will then find they have estab. lished a precedent-who may turn out to be obnoxious to them in the future. The only demand made by the associated proprietors was for some guarantee that the agreement would in future be faithfully kept by the miners. I can only imagine by myself how the miners in this district felt when they saw that demand made - when they saw that their honour was disp'uted. A m?n may be poor, but hle can be an honourable man; and that character the miners of this district held previous to our present leaders depriving them of it through their actions in reference to the agreement which was broken at the com mencement of the strike. The demand was exceedingly mild, and nothing more than we could naturally expect, if we only look at our true position as we appeared before them. Previous to the strike, there was an agree ment betwixtb the two parties, and no griev. nnee existed between tihe two parties as to the carrying out of that agreement. When we broke it for the purpose of assisting some other labour organisations in fighting-I was going to say " for a principle," but until I get better informed, I shall put it down "against a principle "--wo remoain with them for some eight weeks before we find it out that we have entirely gone against all reason. Then we desert them, and leave them to fight their own battle; come bask to our employers and say, " We will go back under the old agreement, with your permias eion." Is there anything more hIumiliating than finding ourselves completely isolated from all other labour organisations, and no funds to resort to P So I think it is plain enough we'stood before our employers on tirely at their mercy. But they, the proprietors, tookno adiattage of our weak state, but allowed us to go in ex aotly as we came out. I.don't know how other miners look on that action of the ass,. eigted proprietorso but I must admit I amr satisfied they are in no way anxious to re duce the earnings of the minors of this dis trict; and, as I said at the commencement, if the miners and their employers work in hlar mony together, there is nothing to prevent the trade of this port increasing. Before I leave the conference, I wish to draw the psr. ticular attention of the miners to certain statements made at that conference by Mesere. Thomeon, Dix, Cook, and Duke, if we tauke the statements as reported, which I take to be correct. They seemed all quite prepared to give any verbal guarantee to the effect that in future the miners would never allow thie agreement to be brokes in a simnilar man nor. I ask them, why are they so cortain about that ? Is it because they cab now see that it has been nothing but a blunder from start to finisn ? Is it because they can now see that they have prevented some two hundred tihousand pounds fromn being circulated amongst the labouriug masses in this district those last ten weeks ? 1 feeool nearly as certain as they do that their statements at the conference are correct, that the miners will never allow anything like it to occur again. But what about their statements to the miners wheni trying to justify their actions? They dis tinctly and continually said tbey could not possibly act otherwise. The two statements clash one against the other to that extent, that if we take one to be true, the other must be an invention. It now rests with the miners as to what they propose to do. As one of the miners, I can give my opinion for what it may be worth. In the first place, I may say to the miners, iu remodel ing their constitution, they will not have to lose sight of the fact that there are others in this district whose interests will have to be acknowledged. I think it is in the interests of the district that the miners should first sever their connection with all other labour organisations, except the miners in the various coal districts in this colony. To be federated with tinkers, tailors, and sailors, I think, is not business; for, in the first place, what do we know about their grievances only what we are told, and when men want money it is only natural to spin a plausible tale. Another thing, it oiould do away with a lot of correspondence and expense. The next thing, I think, should be dlone away with is the committee of management, and the position of district chairman as a permanent position, and let the delega:o board take its proper place, and not act as aides-de-camps to the committee of management only to carry messages to the lodges. If the miners only look at the situation, as they ought, they will see at once that they are keeping as many men in positions as imany a State keeps I can't see what we have godt for two regularly-paid mnen to do. Does tihe secretary visit the lodges and inspect the booke, and see that the money banked is in accordance with the number of mnembers on the books? If he does, it is something now to me; but, nevertheless, it is part and parcel of his duty. Raising funds and scale of pay are also subjects that need discussion. When the coemittee can call a delegate meeting simply to convey a message to the lodges, same as was done when a resumption of work was arrived at, I think it plainly shows reform is necessary. I would suggest that each lodge appoint a representative to form a committee of inquiry into the causes of the strike; tie manner it has been conducted and concluded; furnish a written rel.ort to each lodge, with suggestions and recommendatione; the said committee to. have power to examine any documents the property of thIe association, and, if necessary, to call witnesseL.-I am, &o.;, WILLIAM HILDRED. Adamstown, 10th Noveotmber. 