?Dreaming of the Past. Before the fire the old man sits ? . -To-night; and dreams of vanished da: B, - ,. .. While o'er his'locks of silver-flits J J : , . A golden halo from the blaze. ? ... .(f And in the ruddy flame he sees ' , ' ' Dear faoes that he used to know, ',' And hears again the birds and bees , 1 ; . - . . Of summers ended long ago. ' . 1 He sees a mtadow green with spring, .[ And April violets in the grass,. » And hears a bluebird caroling '., . ' High overhead as warm winds pass. ' - The sky is bright with springtime'gol«?, > The earth is full of promises ; '. . ' ?.? -, The orchard's folded blossoms hold , 1 The apples of the Hespéridos. . ' A maiden's hand he holds in his,! And tells the story of his love, ; , < And seals it with a lover's kisB, . The red rosa of her mouth above, He reads her answer in her ejos, ' ,Like violets', after April rain,. And through bis being swiftly flies Albliss that is akin to pain. The soene'is changed. Sweet bridal bel's Come ringing down the years to him, . And while their music sinks and swells . The old man's eyes with tears grow dim. . "To love and cherish," sing the bells; " Till death shall part, till death shall part," The echo dies in lonesome knells ? ,,v In empty obambers of his heart. O wondrous artist of the flame ! ? He Bees a mother rocking there The baby with it's father's name; <>?,... And with its mother's eyes andhair. He hears her singing, sweet and low, A oradlo-song, replete with rest, : While watching, as so long ago, . '* The baby sleeping on her. breast. ? Then o'er the scene a shadow falls : i ' The ohild they loved-so muoh is mis jed. I He does not answer to their calls, I 1 Or comé at bedtime to be kissed. I . But when' they kneel at night to pray, Peace comes in answer to their prayer, . And Heaven seems not so far away i " Because the child they loved is thera. , And then the shadow of her grave . Falls over him from long ago , " O truest heart God ever gave," . , The old man cries, "I loved you so !". ' He'sees her in so many things ,The spring-time blossoms bring her baok, . v And every April robin sings . ; . Of what his lonely life must lack. ? Again, in long, still summer days, He climb a the hill to talk with her ; And in their gentle, wordless ways, ' ' ? '. The flowers are her interpréter; . ' By that low grave, when earth' grows dim,' ? What things are asked, what answérk given ;. And, as of o ld, it seems to him > f - .The hilltop almost touohes heaven, .' The fire-light's flickering flame dies low ; . THè old man wakens with a statt, And back into the shadows go ... The ghosts that haunt his lonely heart, '? . What witchcraft lurks in memory, ; ? . ; ; . . And sways us by its subtle power- _, ?This man of four-score years and three, » Has lived a lifetime in an hour I, ' 