A,Couple of Hours well-spent at Oxley. . '{Cm'inued from Third Page.) ?8ks her to sing which sho does by ren hcring ' Kilhjrney' in a manner which much pleases him. Sire produces a ?ket'oh whioh alio executed for his ap probation which pleased hint exceed ingly. Thon ho requests the pleasure cf'seeing hen dancing, which siio does in a manner that surprises him of tho fact that bIio has no cork leg. The ttncle arrives on tho sceno to witness tlin rlicfnniH ni-ii of his m-nhl'W. wlio £nds that his vanity on pHifijcinn iu a woman has met with a sevoro rebuke, bnt lio is much ? charmed to find that Fiismistnko did not turn out sn bad ; and tho curtain falls on u very happy group. Woll, Mr. Editor, nft r iIiih \- an interval of ten minutes wns allowed tis to partake of some nicu coflee and cake, eir., which were Imr.deil lound. This was worth coming two miles for alone. The second |mit of tlie pio gramme opened with a song from Mr. Tronson which was finely sung and re 1 ee'ived a woll-mnrited encore. Th ? next, a song l-y Miss Gibson, was very ?weetly rendered.' Thi* young lady lias a low though sweet voice, which was path otic and pleasing to the ear. A1 song by Mr. Charmers came next and received a due share of nppluui-o. Miss Gibson aguin obliged her listeners ly singing ' Miiignioiie,' u song which suited her voice and drew forlli culls for an encore. Mr. Carter, of local fiitne os n singer, rcnderen the 'Three Jolly Smiths' in a very masterly man ner. This gentleman has a Kno strong Voice and well suited for a largo con cert room. His nervousness on: this occasion slightly intorferred with the effect of his song. ' The evening's amusement camo to a close by the appearance of a lauuhuble farce, entitled ' The Area B-lle.' Space, Mr. -Editor, may not ho allowed I me to go in for minor detuils ; but I might mention the actors and slightly refer to their merits. Mr. E. Tyson took the part of ' Tosser,' a dashing young tiuardBntan ; Mr. it uutciiy as ?' Pitcher,' a Policeman, was a com plete personation of the usual care taker of the peer ; Mr. Tronson, as the' Milkman' ; Miss Durchy, as the mistress of the establishment j Miss Gibson, as tho 'lady in charge of the kitchen. The scene opens by shewing Biijuin induKtioiisly aa work polishing a in- at cover; 'Tosser and Pitcher' Drrivo on their best behaviour as seek ers of hor hand. The milkman, also, is a, .'silent, though forcible wouer, but Susan disregards his advances, Tasser and Pitohor aro made comfortable dur ing the mistress's absence by Susan, who places lunch before them. A knock announcing the approach of dimmer sends them into frenzy. Pitcher cooly colleots his scattered wits, appro priates tho leg of mutton, and decamps to find refuge in the. wash boiler. Susan receives a rebuke on tho mistress coming in and finding dishes strewn about. Much to Susan's distress of mind, she is informed that the presont time is ? favourable for washing day ; and to suit the command, applies a mstoh to the chips under the wash boiler. This is too much for Pitcher, who, when nobody is looking, escapes to the table, which ho crawls under. Susan, not knowing of his safety, seeks ber beloved with a boiler olothes stick, .and eventually fishes out the temains of once poor Pitcher, in the shape of a ? few stewed rngs. ToBser arrives at this stage and to fully sympathise; tfllh' her, illustrates his meaning by placing ;hiB nvm round her. This is too much : , for the hidden ono, who appears as a ghost of a ghastly description. The mistress enters at this stage. Tosser and Pitoher, lik * all iiu otvistant lovers appear oold towards Susan all of a sudden. She, to avenge their conduct, declares her love for the mild dairyman, who arrives jual ia time to protect her ' through lifo until death.' On the curtain falling, we catoh a glimpse of the inconstant TosBer, making advances to . tlio lady of the house. Thus it ended, and a finer evening's amuse ment' could not bo had :n any other place bar Melbourne. The acting of Mr.- E. Tyson was Bimply perfeot. .; Misa Gibson, aB ' Susan,' was every thing to be desired and Miss Darohy, as mistress of the establishment, admirably performed. Mr. Tronson, as the' Milkman' with his pans, made ub feel as if he was going to serve us all round with new fresh milk. Well, Mr. Editor, I have trespassed too much on your space and hope you will for give me ; but it is not every day we have a- concert for suoh an ohjeot, and my mates tell me its boat to let overy body know what we are doing over )iore. They must havo taken £15 at the door, as fn'ly 130 grown folk were present In faot, thero was not room for moie than three-fourths of them, tho room being much too small. The effeot would have been muoh im pioved if the t-tase oould have been a litt'e further baok from the audience. My; mates and I were . thankful we went. The folk who got the enter tainment up deserve o e-y kind thought tor assisting tho-o who are in this world, unfortunately obliged to seek re Kef in such institutions. Wo wish the hospital every success, and we're going next time they liuvo one'; that is, if we wd -raise the ' stuff.' 