THE RECmiVISTE. A MELBOURNE ROMANCE. PART IH. CHAPTER IX Br DAVID Q. FALK.] Author vi " The Australians," &o.; The phir-groatia Mr. Sprotrde's preparations ai Air. Virtoombe's home of enterprise, though oi a somewhat carious nature, did noc tike very long to tocompliitL. In oomptny with tiio worthy proprietor the detective' ascended to the upper story where the bedrooms were situated, and made a rapid survey of the two in whioh he was more partiouUrly interested. They vere both rooms of the most ordinary description, plain and with very little furniture, bat the apartment destined for the reception oi Kanq possessed one advantage whioh the other did not—a fireplace. The detective was not alow in peroeivinK this feature, and he even made a remark in reference to it "He cbose this room in pertickler," said Mr. Vinioombe in answer, " because it haa a fireplace. It's the only one of the bedrooms as lias. He used to have fins often on aooonnt of sufferin' from chills— •o he said. Bat Lord ! you don't know what it mignta't have beat for, not now." Hi* inspection of Ranq's apartment concluded, Mr. Sprowde, accompanied by Mr. Vinioombe, entered the room adjoining. There bis proceedings were of a somewhat more energetlo character. First he moved the bed until it stood close up to the wooden Mxtttum that divided the two .apartments. Then, mounting upon it, be proceeded to bore with a gimlet he produced from his pocket a couple of hole* in the partition at a height that a man standing on the bed could easily oommand. This completed, he aarefully obliterated all train of what he had done by going to Ranq's room again and taking off the rough edges of the holes on that aide, and mopping np with wetted finger the little dribbles oi aawdnat that had fallen to the floor. Saoh a cautions young man he was tint he went to the trouble of temporarily filling the holes again with little wooden pegs, and was not entirely satisfied until he had returned onoe again to Ranq's room and seen that it was impossible to detect anything of what he had dona. Despite his unooncemed manner he waa extremely busy during the remainder of that day. Telegraphing and writing letters and consul ting brother deteotivee in that home of mystery in the city took up a great deal of his time, whilst instructing the perturbed Vinioombe In the part be was to play, bringing a bundle of necessaries, and making final preparations for bia stay under the eating-honsekeeper'a roof—all this waa not eSeoted without the expenditure of time and trouble. Bnt busy at he waa, be managed to get through his numerous duties in good time, and whin the hour arrived that Ranq waa expected to puts in an appearance be had so little to do that he found leisure to lounge about the place, hands in pookets, with a greater appearaaoe of unconcern than ever. Bat, strange to say, bia outward person had undergone a strange metamorphoeis. fiewas no longer the quietly dressed young man who had passed the previous evening with Philip and King, but a free-mannered, pipesmoking. loud-voiced sailor. There could not be the slightest doubt aa to his nautical connection, for his bine serge suit open at the neofc woold alone have shown it If his rolling gait and a«»manlike talk had not. Under his altered guise he rolled about Mr. Vinioombe's establishment with the curiosity of anew comer with plenty of time on his hands, and eventually got Into conversation with u» worthy proprietor at the door of the public dining-room. " No," said the latter regretfully, oontinaxog the conversation. " It ain't so profitable as one might think. I always try to do my dooty by the public, and when I aea meals for sixpence I mean meals, and I mean sixpence. 'When a man can have aa much as he can eat for sixpence, there can't be overmuch profit. There's the deck hands aa come here every day for dinner; reg'lar customers they are, and always at the same time. Well, I have an agreement with them that they can eat as moou as they like for sixpence, purvidin' they always keep to me, and don t go nowhere else. Snch gorgona to stuff you never saw. They have wagera who can eat the mot. Thiee to four helpings of meat and pudden each time, and then they take it out of the bread In a way aa you wouldn't believe." "Their work gives them an appetite, I suppose," said the sailor indifferently. "I just believe you it does," answered Mr. Vinicombe with mournful meaning. "Nobody knowB what a man has to put up with in the eating-house line, Mr. Sprowde." "Sprowde said the other indifferently. "Where? Who is he?" " That is Jack—I mean yes," he continued, in the tones of one dwelling on the secret sorrow of his life. "Nobody knows what It means. I do believe that the leas a man's got to pay the more pertiokler he gets. They can't eat this, and they can't eat that; this aiu't cooked sufficient, and that's cooked too much—the way some on 'em goes on is really tremenjous. Only the day before yesterday one of them stevedores came in and had Irish stew and damplins. Five blessed damplins he put away as big as cannon balls, and then got np and made a row because there waau't no sauce with them—ointment he called it. 4 My missus always gives me ointment with that there stickjaw,' ses he, ' and I ain't eoing to finish till 1 get it.' And do you know, Mr. ." " Jack," said the sailor promptly. "Do you know, Jack," oontinued Mr. Vinioombe, lowering his voice as one who was relating a ghost story. " There's (me of them bands as comes here very often as always asks for a menoo. He calls it a bill of lad in'. Fancy wanting a menoo with your dinner for sixpence; did you ever hear the like of that ? I have a different dinner every day, and them as comes most take what's going or nothing at alL One day it'a beef; next day it's mutton or 'ash, or pork, and there's always pudden. But as for a menoo or bill of ladin' or suob like, I don't hold with them nohow." "Then he don't get it, I auppoae,"interjected Jack, absently. Mr. Vinicombe indulged in a meaning wink. " Well; I make one up for him," he answered, a faint smile breaking over his fat face. " I put down half a dozen different dishes and show 'em to him. * I'll take biled fowl,'maybe be aea. * It's off, ses L' 'Then bring me roast pork and cauliflower,' aes he. ' Thaf a off too,' aei I; and ao he haa to come round to what'a goin' for the day—maybe 'ash, or mutton, or suoh like. Then there's the matter of mustard. You wouldn't t hiuk bow pertickler a man can be about thar ''Here's our man, I think," suddenly said the Bailor in an undertone, interrupting the coarse of Mr. Vlnioombs's business confidences with very little consideration. " Be careful now and mind what you say." A cab stopping in front of the eatiug-house waa the cause of the young man's exolamation, and the figure of Mr. Jaoques Hennepin Ranq descending from the interior, bag In hand, showed tut bis supposition waa correct. children are all well, I hope. I am quite anxious to renew my aoquaintanoe with th6m." "Ob. aye; thank you, the missus and child'en are all right," he responded with a gasp. "Iam gratified to learn it. And the room xtjt's ready for me I suppose ?" ~ « y e s ; it's ready," answered Mr. Vinf- . -co»be Ik. * b « """ne " That's n^! 1 *' Then I will go there wltt\ my bag at onoe. " Daring this abort polloqny the fctatnt •is aged sailor waa apparently g*zifl& with a look of unconcern at the shipping fa the river. Bat unmindful as he apjr^^ to be, one brief glance waa suffiol*- jt take in every line of Ranq's law '^od every carve of his lank figure. Apparently aatr; fied vith thii-which, In fact, wasi all desired do—the sailor lounged down ' thB y arra Bank-road with tbe same aw of nothing to do, and finally lodged • tmB6l{ off> back again in the afternoon, how' " s¥€r , no perceptible ohange in his jiner, and happening to meet Mr. Vini- 'oombe in tbe passage, languidly raised his eyebrows in mute enquiry as he passed. "Out," said Mr. Vinioombe, in answer, whioh monosyllable aeemed to have not tbe slightest effect upon the carious young man, for he passed on without evinoing any sign of interest. However, at Ranq's door he stoppsd and -turned the handle. The door was locked ; bat very composedly, after a glance round to see that be was unobserved, tbe imperturbable sailor took a key from his pooket and applied it to the look. Entering tbe room, he made his way, with more alacrity than he .generally showed, towards a small portmanteau near the bed, that evidently contained the whole of Mr. Banq's personal sffeots. Taking from bis pocket a small mass of something very white and very soft—something not unlike wax—he applied it to tne lock of tbe portmanteau, pressing it into the oritice with delicate foroe ; then, withdrawing it and glancing at it with a passing look of gratification, be replaced it in his pooket, made bis way softly out of tbe room, and locked the door once again after him. The whole incident tooK hardly a minute, and nothing came to interrupt the performance 4)1 it. {T? be continued.) 