WHERE DID THE " GHOST IDEA" COME FROM ? (znox raN PrcWtoL) Lady Welby hu been very badly reported, so badly thatit is difficultto decide from the condensed aeccount of in T7se Timen whether she was on the side of the materialists or on that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report, that the question she raised, before the British Assocsitionof Leeds, was one of the first intellectual importance, and one which, though not new. has never, we believe, been quite adequately discussed. She saked whether those who believe that humane thought, like man himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through entire rycles of time, reogniso one ?t " nreak" in the process, or, if they do ni' recognmis it, how they account for the intrsion of the " ghcst idea." The governing notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of evolution, is that man slowly accumu lated experience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, and;hby meditation, arrived at last at abstract and non-material thought. He considered the effect of revenge, for example, and its operatioonin tribsl society, till he arriverlat the idea cf just revenge, or, as we call st, of justice; and finally, his horizon ever widening, at tLe lofty coneption that forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequently, be more to the general advantage, or, in otnerwords, might be nobler, and therefore to be adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unenphiined-for instance, the original dtclilu:ty why one par. ticular animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary-but still, it is in a way scientific, forit is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena. Much of thought is certainlya result of exe. rienceand o'-ervatien, and much more may be ; and if we allow limitless time, and conede that unan erge's very little-a cocers.ion, by the-way, wholly at variance with his known llitorp-we may extend the result of teaching 1-y expricuco until it covers nearly the whole fluid of human intelligence. It does not, how. ever, cover quite the whole field. There is always one prdigious "break," as Lady Welby calls it-- amely, the intruslto of the " ghost ides." usicl that term either to indicate the whole lady of beliefs about the supernatural, or the specal conceit that man will live again. Hlow did that fancy creepinto man's mind, and at llt asnsume its dominan e there ? Clearly he cannot hare derived it fro m experience. He certain:y did not lie again hims If, even in the tertiary period, and it does not lie in the mouth of purely ecient:fie men to affirm thathe had any evidence that anybody e:se did. What evidence could he hirve" Of course, if he actually saw or henrt or venclt the shodes of persons who had retnrul from another state of being, he had evidence upon which to construct his theory; but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibthty of any occurrence of the kind. Sobodety in scientific belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or molt a ghost ; aind how then did the ghost idea come in ? how that is, did a belief opposeI to continuous human expe rience generate itself in the human mmd ? Most illnuions are the consequence of a mis. understanding of phenomena: but in this instance there are no phenomena to mix understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy. No animal lives again, and no vegetable, except in its orig-inal form, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break in the development of the human mmd, a sudden step back, as Lady Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense in fact-a step all the more remarkable because it cannot have conduced towards survivai On the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental powers of those who made the step, as well as their time, uponunreal phantasies,andought to hare givento the better and stronger minds which remainod unaffected an immense advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this world more endurable to them. selves. It was not so, however, for the men speciallyaddicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a iental ydisaase triumphed all along the line, displayed pecial faculty for continuous pro gress, and are now more gifted than any other divisio of the human spoteis What is, or can be, on the strict hypothesis of evolu:tin, the explanation of that ? It maybesaidthatprimitive man was subect, like the modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thorn tells us, cannot do it now, nd is so sure that hi dream is part of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, asuil you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But then, how did the ghost idea get into the dream ? People dream odd things, but they do not dream abholutely new things-that is, things not only outside their experience, but outside the imaginatien developed from thinking about the collected reosults of experience either per. sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless he had pre. viouslyconceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti. ,but not actually reating them out of no g Otherwise man would have sell generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hypothesis would nec? srily go to pieces. And even if a man did in a dream see spook, and got the notion that it was himself or another appearing alter death avery wild supposaition-why shonuld that par. ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience,and, indeed, opposed to general exrs leree, be the ons dream which maotered the world ? It would not explain anything to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort; for if we know anything about savages-and we know very little-it is that the ghot-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to anvert ghostly wrath. Why did he single out an oun comfortable dream-born fantasy, to make of it smn 'inportant meotor in his areer, a carrrof which all the rest consisted in utiliing slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur. rent acets? The occorrene of dreams will not explain the "atep back," oaor wtll the theory, once so popular, that religon wa born of human ear. Whence the fear of whathad neer happened ? Ther was nothing visible or audible to caus such a fear, still less to case so tremendous an effort of the imagination au the eaistence of lifise after death. Grant Pope's notion that the savage I fear the thunder or the tempest till he recog. nises in them some power above himself, and still there is no relation between that fear. whch. moreover, ought to have weakened and not tr?n?thened him, and the notion of a future state which he had never seen cr heard of. The lightning does not suggelt the rsurrctio The covenae id better than that-namelny, that the belief is a I result ofintene thino , of a sovreigu deti or a trjdr tlife: ut that alto explaine very ali.le. 't by did that pmrtorular wash become so concrete us, in the teeth of all experiense, to Sbecome a fith r No other wish did, not even the tatge's grealest wih of all, for mire easily procurable food. We do not think much of the argument to which Latdy ?etby apmars teat tach forex thut no other animal has been victimised by the ghost-ilu.ioun, for we lo not know in the least what animals think ; and s far a we eause, man its the only animal who aerumulWsa thought-enperiene, or, indehed, exeept in the most limited degree, soy experi. ense at all But, confining the argument to man, what made him accept a weakening illb. sion, contralictedby every fact of which he or his fathm had nsy cognianuce P lie believed inn thing which he had never een or heard of, and for which, through a11 the cycles during which hewa. acovisilating from experience the materils of thought, he had no ewidence what. ever. Why? To us, and we suppose to nlt Chritinna who have thought span the subject, there appear to be only two reuasoable auswere to that qnes tion. Ome, which in psctics is, of cours qu.tefutile, is that primtira man ctally had eidenre that he had 'een or heurd at ome time or other that which inspired conviction in his mind. Hebeenme as sure of another life uos I the actioenofsnliht, snd for theame remon, because he had watched its maoiafoaltione wThis which wo the univernal theory of the a ncimt world, and ts still hebldby good many theologans, is, we quite admit a purely cn. jectmeal hypothesis. We ow little. exept by confecuar,-of the ecosee"ce of primitive man nouthig whatever of his mind, sad. aboveall nothing whatevr of his thoughts about things . aon-matesil Me may hoeod a reat esy .u sme exsting svraes have; orb may hae Iand none, ssev-sm to bethe oae-and posshibl I onlyseems-with some of th, very lowest tribes. He may hare been closer to the in. esreisewortd than we sre,sutbelegends Idau a e aim; or he may have been, u the Ceabjet, mpt asn intelleetn easeie i tmaul , be ileuim to di??uiL The oseaw i t, tlha.Ws~w theM hthaet .· ~ gennated in man o itnaly by some erxterna power. Nothig is lf.eated; and yet they do not spring from experience, which, in fart, farous material ex?peneee is ooncerned, denies and relotes them. The first of those thoughts-it is not the only one-is that idea of the future rtate to which tady Welby refe"s as the great break" in the evolution of mind, the conception which shouldhave btdened its recipients in the great race, and so extinguished them, but which, on the contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, made them run the faster. That thought certainly did not come from experience; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explanining fuUl the e.istenoe of the proesnt mind of man: 