THE SOCIAL CIRCLE- ADDRESS OF WELCOME TO DR CONSTANCE STONE, The Women’s Christian Temperance Union of Victoria held a reception yesterday (Thurs day) afternoon in the Lecture Hall of the Baptist Church in honor of Dr Constance Stone, the first lady duly registered as a medical practitioner in Victoria. There was a very large attendance, and the hall was decorated with mottoes and banners, tables cn which were placed light refreshments, tea And coffeo being arranged down one side. Dr Stone received her guests in the anteroom at the back of the hall, and reoeived, also, many very hearty congratulations from all present. The following opening address was read by Mrs Love, President of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, followed by short ad- dresses of welcome from Dr Singleton, Rev Mr Mc Donald, Mr Fulward, Chairman of the Victorian Alliance Company, and others. Tha object of this meeting is to wel come to the colony one who is an ex- ample of the progress of the age. Modern progress is liberating woman, not willingly, but necessarily. The Danites stole from Micah his household gods ; they taunted htm with the words “What Aileen thee that thou comets with such a company?" He answered, "Ye have taken away my gods whioh I have made, and what have I more ? Modern pro- gross has stolen from the home those occupa tions which made the homes of olden times the happy workshops of the nation. Is it any wonder that woman, thus left without proper employment (I speak of the young especially) should have become the victims of vanity, folly and helplessness which characterise manyof our sex to-day. In her desperation for lack of useful, congenial employment, she, with a supernatural strength, burst the bands of con ventionalism. And as one example we have before us, Dr Stone, the first lady duly registered as a medical practitioner in Vic toria. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union welcome you, Dr Stone. We need you. Thu medical profession ia too often tho cowrriug slave to social customs, yielding to the vitiated appetites of thuir patient and accommodating their pres criptions thereto. Christ came to over throw Intss governments ami false religion and fnlsu science is (hat which sus tains toth. That ncroncn which teaches that wmn and strong drink nre good for kings and rulers in direct opposition to God's word wnlch say " It ~~nor for princes straug drink, lest tbey drink, ami forgot tne law, nnd pervurt tire judgment of thn afflicted." That acienco which has established tiro soclsl glass as an in- despenrable means of showing hospi tality until, secluding to prophecy " All tablraare full of vomit and fiUhUrosc," and nfteu "Tha prleaiand thoprophetlutveerred through strong drink t they are swallowed up of wine : thry err in vision and stumble In judgment." This great Unas trnu of false science tins fallen aoron# tho path of both Church and State, and good men am coming witli thu nxo of tiro law. and women with the fire of thn GospeL an aggretiivo Go#wJ, which will enmunro those branches by the inspiration of tiro Holy Ghost, which is to lead to nit truth nod ccmsum all science not sustained by the Word of God, God grant you success. Not so much in that which tiro " Moth nnd rust msy corrupt, and thieves steal, ' hut that success which shall Lu result of faithfully adhering to principles of truth and righteousness as revealed in tho word of God, and of exemplifying them lo the life. That sucnos which, when called from this state of probation, will leave no seed of error sown to be uprooted by thtiM who tallow iu the great work of rstablltiiing the Kingdom of God in tiro world, This will be truu success. Dr, Stone responded iu a few words of thank and after a cup of tea had been par- takrit'of, tha company dispersed. 