SIR. AND MRS. BOWSER. Br Mas. Bowseb. When Mr. Bowser unlocked the front door one night this winter he did it so softly, and he made so little noise in the hall, that I suspected something wrong. He came into the sitting room looking rather sheepish and like a man who had something on his mind; but I asked no questions and he volunteered no information until after supper. Then he suddenly asked: ' Do you keep up your piano practice ?' 'Oh, yes. You hate music, and so I don t play when you are here. ' I hate music ! What are you talking about ?' ' You have often compared my playing to the sounds of beating of an old tin pan.' ' Well, of course, you are a poor player, and your voice is cracked; but so far as music is concerned — real music — it fills my soul with joy.' ' But you never sing or play.' ' Haven't had time heretofore, but now r . T i- ' You intend to.' ' Yes. I feel the need of something to make home more pleasant — to offer more diversion during the long hours of evening. I think I shall learn the harp.' ' At your age P' 'That's it! That's what I expected to hearl What'e the matter with my age? I am neither blind, speechless, nor crippled. Pliny went at it and learned six languages after he was 70 years old.'' \- ' Well, I Buppoee you brought home the harp?' ' Yes. It's a beauty, and I got it cheap. It's a real Givoni, and I bought it of a man who was hard op. Got it for $35, and it's worth $70.' : ' And you will try to learn to play ?' ' Certainly. I had one lesson this after noon, and in less than a month Til astonish yon.' ' You will practice ia the garret, I sup pose?' ' Not by a jugful ! I shall practice right here! That is, there won't be much practice about it, bb I shall be playing tunes by Saturday,' He uncovered and brought in a greasy, ilNhaped harp, which looked, as if it had been carried around the country eince the days of Oolumbus, and when he saw me looking at it be said : ' This harp was made by Givoni himself over 100 years ago.' « Who was Givoni?' 'Who was Givoni? Why don t you ask who George Washington was? 'Well, it's my opinion that you have been swindled on the instrument, and I fear you are too old to take tip such music.' ' Do you ? That's a nice way to en courage a husband! I see now why so many men run out at nights. I not only, saved $40 in buying this harp, but I'll make your' heart ache with Jealousy before the month is over!' :; : : He eat down and began to thrum. . He held, bis head on one side, run ont his tongue, and picked away at tbe .scale, and he had been going about five minutes when the cook opened the door, beckoned me out, and whispered : . . . ' I give you notice that I shall leave after supper to- morrow!' 4* Why ; what is it ?' I asked. ' Him— Mr. Bowser ! He'll bring spooks and I ghosts about! I have already been taken with palpitation of tbe heart. Mercy 1 but listen to those voices of the dead call ing put to each other across their graves ! Mrs. Bowser, it's the wonder of the people tnat you don t commit suicide I Mr. Bowser thrummed until I had to carry baby upstairs to quiet his howls, and until the ends of his fingers were eore, and he wouldn't have quit when he did, had not a voice in front of the house shouted : . 'Why don't some one throw a rock through the window or ring for the patrol waggon ?' Next day a dark-skinned man who said he was a grandson of the late Givoni, came up and gave Mr. Bowser a lesson, and tbe cook, who had almost consented to stay, suddenly rose un and rushed after her bundle. When ready to go she whispered to me: . . . ' I'm sorry, mum ; eorry for you that's left! If the child dies, send me word and I'll come and do all in my power.' Mr. Bowser took four lessons in all and then told his teacher that hie services would be no lonper required. He took tbe last two lessons in the barn in order, as be said, to surprise me. On the evening of the last lesson he brought in the harp just as a couple of neighbors came in. He promptly responded to an invitation to show aft. hut hull not InhnrAii tvtrn minutes when one of the gentleman asked : ' Have you anv particular object in that Mr. Bowser?' 'Of course he has,' replied the other. ' It is an imitation of a preat calamity in Japan — buildings shaken down by earth quake — flames devouring -the ruins — hus- bands shouting — wives praying — children sobbing- — doge barking &c.; Is. it your own composition, Mr. Bowser ?' ? ' ' Why— why, don't I play all right ? The teacher said I was making wonderful progress.' They beckoned him out into the alley and held a conference. What was said I do not know, but when Mr. Bowser came in he looked very pale, and the first thing he did was to give the harp a kick which opened all the joints and prepared it for the crash which came when he flung it out doors. ' Mr. Bowser, have you gone crazy ?' I demanded. ' No, ma'am, but I've got a few words to say to you !' ' What have I done ?' ' Done ! Done ! Who coaxed me into buying a harp ?' ' The grandson of Givoni.. He had an old harp he wanted to get rid of, and he struck you for a flat and got twice its worth.' ' Struck me for a flat !' he shouted, ae he walked around ou the cat. ' And why ? Because I was willing to be swindled to keep peace in the family. You had your mind set on a harp, and a harp you must have.' ' Mr. Bowser ! What did I want of a harp ?' ' Heaven only Lnows. But for you 1 should never have thought of trying to play on it. What do you suppose Greene and vans earn r 'That you were a dunce.' ' That if their wives led them around by the nose as you do me they'd wipe the family out and then commit suicide. I must have looked sweet dawdling over thai old harp !' ' You did. I told you that it wap nonsense your trying to learn music at youi age.' 