THE WOYEUST. PETER THE WHALER, HI'S MARLY LTPB AN'D ADYENTUKES IN THE AttOTIU RKG-IONS. BY W. H. G. KLVGSl'ON. OH APT Bit XV. A week passed away on board tho Fonm, .'Whereabouts we wore I had nn niKitua of telling ; for. the cuptain kept mo in his cubin, and would not all av mo to go on deck without first askin^'liisleaye; nor would he permit to communicate with Mr. Jones. He treated me very kindly, and even gave me bonki with which to aran»e myself ; -but I was v-ry Far from happy. I felt that tlio SL'houner mi-*lif, nnnm rl:i.v ha ^captured hy u ship nf wa'1, and that I . .? might, probably be hung n8 a pirate before I had an opportunity of estab lishing my innocence. I als) did not H'ie to be a prisoner, even though I was kindly trt att»d ; and I though f, that moat probably, when H-.uvk fomul I would not join in any piratical acts', and I had resolved that nothing should compel, me to do so, his behaviour would change, nnd that if I escapeil with my life, I should no longer bo treated as before. Abraham Jones had, I am sorry to say, as far as I was able t.o judge frum appearances, taken, readily enough to the office imposed on him, and on two occasions when I went on deck, I saw him doing duty as the officer of the watch. My opinion of him was, that ho would not have sought to become a pirate, but that, having no nico sense of right and wrong— finding himself thrust, as it were, into the life — he did not think' it work making any esortiou to escape from it. ???if Whether wo went to the Ilavannah or not I did not know. We certainly were once at anchor, and three times we either chased vessels or were chased by a superior forue, from the enger tone in which the captain ordered sail to be made. Onco we fired several shots, and were fired at in retutn ; and I suspect it must have been at some vessel on our beam chasing us, and ?klinf. anmo' rtF hm* iMrrarinar hr Imp m.asta , must have been cut away, from the loud cheora the pirates gave. Perhaps they sunk tho enemy. An hour afterwards, Hawk came down into the cabin, looking as cool and unconcerned as if. nothing had happened. I tried to gain some in formation from him, but he would answer none of my questions. He only gave a ghastly smile when I asked if the vessel at which he had fired had suuk ; nnd he then took up a book, in whioh he soon seemed to be deeply absorbed, After. some time the book dropped from his hand, and he sat For (.11X1 NIX 11UU1 1U 111 fUHVU \J± »? «U fc* 'V w» w-« unconscious of where he was, or who was present. He was roused by the black, Mark Anthony, putting his head in at tho door and saying, ' A sail on the lee bow.' He sprang on deck in a moment, all lii'o and activity. Instantly all sail the schooner could carry was packed on her, and v/e were bowling along with a fine breeze in chase of the stranger. This I could only surmise, however, hy the way the vessel heeled ? over to the breeze, for I was still kept in the cabin. I Presently Hawk came down again. ? Jfeter, lie observed, ? you nave disap pointed me. I thought you woutd not be content to lead the idle life you do; I Tanded you would like the excitement of the chase and the fight better than sitting alone in.thooabiu all day, like a young girl.' ' I nm not content,' * Captain Hawk,' 1 replied ; ' but a prisoner has no choice. ' No one is allowed freedom on board here, unless he has takon the oaths of allegiance to the captain and our laws/ he answered, looking stead fastly at rae. 'Nothing could induce me to tako one or the other,' I exclaimed ; ' bo I SUpposa L suau ruinaiu a ^iwulidi- uui you release mo, or I die.' Ht seemed to take my answer very calmly , and this encouraged mo to proceed and to make an effort to obtain my freedom. ? CaptninHawk,' I said, ' you have been very kind to me ; and though I should have been willing to sail with you before I knew the character of your vessel, I am. now most anxious to be put on shore; and if you will liberate mo, I will swear most solemnly not to betray you, or any of those who sail with you.' 'We do not trust to the oaths of thoee who do not join us,* ho answered 1 l'or your own sake, rrausc maito you take part in tho next capture we attempt, or else my people will begin to suspect that you are a mere coward, aud even 1 shall be unablo to protect you.' 'I am no coward, Captain Hawk, and that I will prove any time that I have an opportunity ; but I do not choose to commit murder or rebbery,' I answered in the same bold tone in which I usually spoke. ' You uao harsh terms, youngster, you to be hove to the sharks,' exclaimed . the pirate. ''However,' I do ' not quarrel with you for speaking your mind. I once thought as you do, but custom has altered my ideas.' ' Then why do you wish me do- what you know I must consider wrong ?'' I pskod. -? ' Because I have a liking for you, and want a lad of spirit aud education to be my companion,' ho replied.. 'Tho old hands I cannot trust— they are as likely to turn againet mo as to serve me— while you, 1 know, will be faith ful for a while, till you got hardened like thereat, and then'— .?.;. ' And then,' interupting him, I said, 'What would you do with .mo? Give me as food for the sharks, I suppose ? ' No, l*d ; I should lot you live to fight your own way in the world, with u charge to keep out of my path,' he r. -plied. ' 3ut that .is not whnt 1 wanted to talk to you abiuK You must come on desk and join in cip turing tlie vessel we ar* in chase of, for we think she is likely to prove a prize of valuo.' ?%?' I am sorry to say thab to heartily tired wns I of remaining shut up in the cabin, that I wa« glad of being allowed, on auy lerms, to see wlut was going forward on r'eok. On thiH, I suspect, the pirate had calculated. He well knew the force of the French proverb, ' It is but the first step to crime which is difficult.' He wished me to take that; 6rst step, b«ing assured that I should then be his. I ihought whan I went on dank Knurl, nubiiing vvouiu lumpii me to taica any part in the acts of the pirates, even as far as in assisting to ; uava^ute the vetsel ; but there is something so excitincr in the chase of a vessel, that if. is difficult not to wish to como up with her. At first I Btood merely looking on ; but the breeze freshened and rather headed us, and H-.isvk issued an order in the foro-and- aft sails, and to brnce up the yards. I flmv in stinctively to tho sheets,. .amL.tVmnd mysulc pullirig''and hauling with tho rest. The captain made uo remark, nor did 'he appear evon to notice what I had done. The wind was about south, aitu cue ei)a9o was to cue eastward ox us, standing on a bowline. She was a brig of some size, and at the first glance I thought sbo was a man-of-war; but Hawk prouounced her to be a Spaniard, and homeward bound from Cuba. On hearing this, of course I know that we must be somewhere to the eastward of that plaue, and this was the first intimation I had had of our w'uoreabouts. The chase had not observed us, or if ho had, seemed not to be at all suspicious of our character ;for he was standing on under easy sail, as if in no way in a hurry to escape from us. Hawk, who was usually so calm and almost apathetic, walked tho deck full of energy and excitement. Every order ho gave was uttered iu a sharp, quick tone, which demanded instant obedience. Everp one partook of the same spirit ; and there appeared to be as mueh discipline and regularity aa on board a man-of-war. Even tho most lawless vagabonds find this necessary for the attainment of their cuds and their own preservation. We rapidly came up with the chase, and were within about three milea of her, when she began, it seemed, to suspect that all wa? not right, for sail after sail was sat on her till she could carry no more, while she edged away a little from her'eburse, so as to allow every ouu ui moiu lu uiu*t |HU[jonv. This threw us soon completely to wind ward, for we held on the same course as. before, and she appeared at first to be recovering her lost ground. In a short time we also kept away with the wind almost a-beatn, a point on which the Foam sailed her best. ' Huzza, my lads !' exclaimed Hawk ; ' in a short time the chase will be ours, and, if I mistake not, plenty of gold doubloons into the bargain, if you can but make our craft walk along faster.' ' Huzza,' shouted tho English and American part of tho crew, in which the people of other nations joined in their peculiar cries. The brig onco more hauled her wind, and this brought us soon nearer agaiu to her. Hawk thought it was because the captain saw indications of a shift of wind, and hoped to be placed well to tho winduwd. He was scrutinizing her narrowly through a telescope. ? ouo uues not huuw uuy jjuus, nv remarked ; ' but it is no reason that she has not got them. Get all ready for action, in case she should prove a Tartar,' I scarcely knew what I was about ; but I confess that I not only assisted to hand up the powder aud shot, but bo load and run out tho guns. Neither of us made any further variation in our course; but the chase, was, it appeared, a very slow sailer, for we so rapidly came up with 'here that 'fivo hours afcer she was seen, she was within range of our guns. She did not fire, nor did we ; for, supposing her to be uuarmed, Hawk was anxious to capture her without injuring her hull or cargo. Wo sailed on, therefore as if wo wero engaged in a friendly race; nnd no one, by looking rtt 113, could have supposed that .vo were dendly enemies. We were getting very near vo tno chaso, and with ouv telescopes could almost distinguish the faces of those onboard, when I observed Abraham Jones, tno now second mate of the l?oam, hurry aft, to the captain' with a faco palo as a ghost. Hawk laughed and shook his head incredulously. Jones seemed from his manner to bo insisting that ho was right, for I did not hear what ho said. Still we stood on till tho chaso was within the distance of half tho range ot our guns. I was again aft. ,/ ' Hoist our bunting to make him show his colours/ I heard Hawk say j ' and give him a shot from our bow-chaser to hurry him.' Directly afterwards a broad rod flag, without, any dovice, was run up at our peak, and with a spout of smoke a shot flying over the water, and with a orabb ?whicV made the splinters fly, it ?struck tho dark sides of the brig. The effect was in8tantaneous,-and such1 us was little exnectod by the pirates. A flng was run up to tho gaff of the brig ; but instead of the Spanish ensign, the stars and stripes o£ the United States were displayod ; and the ports being opened as if by magic, night guns were run out, and luffing up, she let fiy her broadside right into our bows. The shot tore up our decks, au'd knocked ,away part of. our starboard bulwarks killing two ofthe people, and wounding three more, but without injuring our vi^ging. Then I 8aw what sort of men I was mingling ? with. I cannot de.icriitu the fierctj rigu which took poss^sHJoti of them, the oaths and execrations to which they gave vont. The bodies of thu two men who wort' killed, while yet warm, were thrown overboard directly they were found to bo dead, and the wounded were dragged below, and loft without a sur.';m-n or any one to attend on them. Instead of the timid Spanish merchantman we expected to get alongside, we found that this vessel was no other than a United States man-of-war Rent to look for the Foam— in fact, that we had caught a Tartar. Hawk, to do him justice, stood undaunted, bis energies rising with the occasion. Keeping away a liitle, so as to get our broad side to bear, we fired in return, and die guns being planted high, some of the running rigging was cut away, and her fore-top mist was struck, and must, havo been badly wounded, lor some hands instantly wore sem going aloft to fish it. ' About ship, my lads — down with the helm; and while she's in stays, give Uncle Sam our larboard broad side.' The sails of tho schooner wero well full ; who quiokly uuine round',' and before the brig could follow our example, we sent the shot from our whole broadside flying among her rigging. Aloud shout of exultation from our pirate crow showed their satisfation at the damage they had done ; for several spars and sails, with blocks aud ropei, were seen ooaiin6j down by the run on deck. ' Now, my lads, let's up stick and away,' cned Hawk. ' They thought, doubtless, that they were sure of us ; but we'll show them that the Foam is not to be ciughfc so easily.' All hands who could be spared from the guna, and I among the rest, flew to their stations to trim sails ; the yards were braced sharp up, and with her head to the south-east, the Foam stood awav on a bowline from her powerful antagonist. We were not to escape, however, with impunity ; for as soon as the brig's crew had somewhat re covered from the confusion into which the damage done by our shot had thrown them, such guns as could be brought to bear were firnd at us with no bad aim. One struck our taffrail, and another killed a man on the nnonn a ?Mil ? linfr. Ann vi rrniniv nenn r\n(4 Twice- Iho brig rais-od stays in attempting to come about, from so much of her bead-sail having been cut away ; and this, as she all the time was sailing one way and we the other, con tributed much to increase our distance. The breeze also favoured us further by freshening, making it more difficult to the enemy to repair damages, while, as we were unhurt, it sent us along all the mora rapidly. The Americans aro not the people to take the treat ment we had given them with calmnessp especially as wo were so much the smaller, and had less force. At last, at a third trial, the brig came about, while she continued without cessation firing at us. Not much damage was done, though our sails had daylight made through them several times by her shot, and another man was killed ; but this casualty the pirates seemed to make light of — it was the fortune of war, and might happen overy instaut to any oF us. The bodies, with scant examination, except to discover whether there was money in thfiir pockets, or rings in their ears or on their fingers, were thrown overboard without a prayer or a sigh. As the shot came whistling over us, they laughed when they saw me bobbing down my head in the hope of avoiding them. I had no fancy, I own, to be shot; by people with whom I had not the slightcjat enmity, nor whom I in any way wished to injure. We soon found that the brig-oil-war, instead of, being a slow sailer, was emarkably fast, and that, while we were in chase of her, she must, by towing a sail overboard, or by some other manoeuvre, have deadened her way, on purpose to allow us to como up with her. We had now, therefore, to put the schooner's best leg foremost to get away from her, even before she bud not all her ceav aloft neain. To try and do her further damage, a gun was got over the tuffrail, and a con stant fire was kept up from it as faat aa it could be loaded. I was standing in tho waist -vith the Black, Mark Anthony, near me. ' Well, Massa Peter, if do brig catch nre, wo all bo hung ; how you like dat ?' he asked with a broad grin, which made him look far trou- pleasing. ' I should be sorry to seo any of those who have treated mo with kind ness hung, or otherwise injured,' I replied. ' See ! Ha, ha! but how you like feel being hung, Massa Peter?' ho said, again grinning more horribly than before. 1 Why, I have no fear of that sort, ivir. iviavK, x uuu unsure you, j. lopnc* , though I confess the disagreeable idea did come across me, that I might possibly not be able to prove that I was not a pirate should we be c.np turod. ' I have had nothing ; to do with any of the acts, committed by the crew of this vessel.' , ' Ho, ho, ho '1' he exclaimed, ' den you no pull and haul, and help work the guns whioh fire at de sip of war; me' swear me saw you myself. . Ho, ho; hoi1.-. ?.:,..:?;? ? . . -'..? v ' '.??'.??: i : The black's laughter soundedalmost demoniacal in my ears. He spoke the truth, too :? I had indeed helped to work the guns ; and on the strength of it, likft a tempter to evil, he was en deavouriag to persuade me, 'in his rough way, to join the pirates. I did not think it prudent to show him thit I clearly saw his aim ; but I resolved .still to remain firm. The evening was now drawing on, and fortunately the breeze did not drop. I confess that I', was just as anxious to escape from our pursuer as any pirato on board ; scarcely more so perhaps, than the new nut'p, who had guessed the character. of tbc .brig, and had no fancy for having his career cui short so soon. /? ?; The brig did not fire at us, as to do so sho would have hat) tovaw and thus lose ground, while we continue 1 to ply her with our Ions; gun. Her forotopsail cmll uot be set while tliP ninst was hnin^ fislmcK An* attempt was now mado to hoist it ; but the breezu at that inRtant strengthenini;, »w»y WHiit the mist, risfgin^ and sail toijfitnnr, A loul ohew anwe from our decks : a parti tig shot was oiven her from our gun, and in two hours darkness hid her from our sight. To be \ConUniud. 