IN MEMORIAM. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, 7th February. ICONCLAST. SIR, —I was very much surprised in taking up your journal yesterday to find in it a lengthy and extraordinary contribution from a writer signing himself " Astral.” As I wandered through it ideas suggested them selves to me of the effects of our excessive heat—of the possible consequences of un limited imbibations of the popular lemon squash; of the possible revival of the medieval delusions, in which witches aud warlocks, ghosts, fairies, and hobgoblins of indiscriminate form aud undetermined variety, were the conspicuous inhabitants. I finished the effusiou with the conclusion that it was impossible for an ordinary person like myself to furnish any explanation of the unrestrained ecceutiicities of your keen-visioned contributor. A surprising circumstance counected with this ad dition to our philosophy is that an individual whose friends accommodate him by making peregrinations, into the uu located spiiit laud, who can see spirit lights (without the aid of spirits, I presum-), who cau feel spirit hands, who can hear spirit “ raps,” feel “ the touch of a vanished hand," who holds such frequent colloquies with departed spirits us to be on terms of must prosaic familiarity with them, aud who is tieated to such entrancing views of other worlds can still maintain the mental equilibrium necessary to express himself in good set terms. Delusions are tenacious of life, but I really thought that modern en lightenment had dispelled this one of spiiit communication, and here it is, apparently iii an epidemic form, cropping unexpectedly up as lively, precocious, and ridiculous ar ever. Does “ Astral” expect people possessing common sense to believe the imaginative narratives about his spiritualistic adven tures? Civilisation may not have done very much, but it has at least reduced the popular credulity which at one time enabled people to listen solemnly to the fantastic creations of disordered imugiuations, which seemed always to have found a place in society. “ Astral ” has manifestly mistaken his vocation. . Instead of writing senten tioualy about things which ex'st only in the erratic imagination of himself or his frieuds, he should engage his faculties in fiction or humor. A nice little dramatic narrative of one of the other worlds, with a little love and tragedy artistically interspersed might take, and possibly acquire a solid cash value. I suppose that some of “Astral’s” spiiit friends favor a city life and some patronise the country. From the adventures of some of these he should be able to entertain our lighter hours. Assuming “ Astral’s ” accounts to be true, I should be inclined to charge the spirits with gross partiality. I have been a good many years in the world now and-I have never seen a ghost or a spirit of any sort, aud at the same time they appear to have been con tinually fraternising with “ Astral” aud his friends, touching him familiarly uuder the chin in a hearty how-dn-ynu-do-old-boy sort of a style, picnicking with him on gala days, and dancing ab -ut people’s heads for his -special edification; and yet they tell me my character is fairly good. I don’t feel that I have acted unjustly, although I may be a bit of au image breuker. 