"AUSTRALIA REVISITED • 7,\:\\\'i<y, Sir Arthur Hodgson read a papor entitled "Australia Revisited" before the members of the Colonial Institute in April from which we make tbe following erfcraet^y, 'IT-' T/ Fifty-one years ago —march, 1839—I landed in Sydney, in the good ship Royal George. 650 tons, after a voyage of 116 days, including five days' detention at Cape Town, where we touched to'taJce' ia mtef 4nd fresh provisions, having on board 120 emigrants, all engaged by Mr. James Maoarthur for his Camden Estate, in New South Wales. He chartered.til ercabtniond pteerage accommodation, and we considered it a great privilege to go out with him in this ship; of the cabin passengers four only now survive. Tbe voyage of the first fleet, in 1788, consisting of 11 ehips,' •ccu^ied eight months. I have made nine voyages to Australia— three by long sea, five by the Suez Canal, and one by Panama. I returned to England in 1874 by tbe mail .steamer Tartar, from Sydney to San Fnatnsob" and in lat. 4° North we ran on to a coral reef at midnight in mid-ocean, going 10 knots; the nearest land was Fanning Island, 260 miles away. Tbe i passengers formed themselves into watches and jettisoned 600 tons of coal—an unnecessary labor, for after bumping on tbe reef 32 hours, thanks to a high tide, we floated, and steamed for Honolulu, 900 miles distant. By: if Hjif^ concidence three of ns met again on board the Victoria «t Brindisi: one was a dear old lady, a septuagenarian, going out to Melbourne to pay a visit to her son, who rm^liim" ; During so many voyages I have naturally collided with passengers of all grades and descriptions. Home years ago one of them was being exhibited in some of our most populous English towns. I did to him; the last time we met was when be was it tbe dock ; be subsequently was busily employed, and rather against his will, at a marine villa near Portland. On a Fee oasion I was a feIlow- paa<enger for*a time with a live ghost, a very agreeable companion ; his name might have been "Pepper." I «u delighted with Melbourne, with a population of nearly hali4, :taflli£n. It ia a fine city, with many handsome buildings, public and private, and the Houses of Parliament just finished, and the silent tram cars worked by nnderground machinery, an introduction from $atfFraucisco. The first white man landed in the primeval forest on what is now the site of Melbourne in 1835, only 55 years ago. The inhabitants are deeply indebted to Mr. Hoddle, who, under the direction of Sir Thomas Mitchell, the discoverer of Australia Felix, and for many years Surveyor-General of New South Wales, for the wide streets. He laid out Melbourne 50 years ago, then only-She wild bush. Sir Thomas possibly would not have been so liberal in bis measurements bad he imagined a plot of land sold at the first Government sale in tbe centre of the city for £45 would tove been' recently valued, with buildings upon it, at £493,500. Allotments have of late years fetehed fabulous prices, resulting in the building of castles in the air, both literally and figuratively, to the risk of life and the disfigurement of the city. One building has been erected in the main street eight stories high. In modern Rome, owing to loss of life, these " flats " have been disallowed by the Government." ' Quito a romantic incident attended the ruccesaion of the present Earl of Wilton-'—Hie fourth earl. A short time before the d<%»th of the seoond earl—the husband of the Countes.-> Isabella the life interest of the Hon. John -"Seymour Grey ligertou, pret-umptive heir to the Earl-ioui of Wiltou, was soM for £3,500 to Mr. Charsb-y, solicitor in Gloucester. In twelve months after Earl Thomas died, and was succeeded by E&il; Arthur Grey Holland—the'thmJband of the Countras Elizabeth, now Mrs. Pryor — who was attacked shortly after t>ia accession by cancer in tbe tongue. After two years of intense misery he diod, and was sucoi*cded in the tide by his brother, tlie present earl, the life interest in the settled estates becoming tbe property of the luckey Charsley, who has since resold to the present earl after netting <£500,000 by the transaction. 