WYTIHREDS WHARF. CiiAPTE'fR I. l:'tweeC Thame5-street and the River Thinsi. ci -, it slit ont whlich the castle Idi! Enl;;jis!l Ieollarch once stood, there ?iutds :.: .ty warehilose--so lofty that ere ;it mid-1.15l it throws somte shadow e ,: the e;.:i.d wharf belowr. it ii a bu;y .sc=ae ; for upon that silent. A-,-v;a c,. :,.here formerly the gilded i iir:cs raihy gTided to andl fro with .,,-rA.; o -f dames and courtiers, black itr :: pas:s- in slow proceesion, led by i.:: c ti gs of thie must dCm:ocratic ap le ::;znhier e -leo greets the ear t!, 'i;,ar": shouts are heard of itartge and lititerilen, and tile cioetant trundling of irol trc.:s loaded with saeks, boxes and bIs s: ia : above all other noise sounds thie riling clh:inwork of huge cranes ln thlle gal.ds are lifted into the air atnd s:ail!owed up at some wide aperture upon once of the elnumerous floors of the w.archouse-2 warehouse which would seem to boast of unlimited acconmnoda tion; fir the unloading from the liglhters andl the lifting of merchandise into one storeroomn or another go ont day after Upon the first floor of this warehouse, lottuiz out upon the river, is Mr. Lin tuck's otlice. Mr. Lintock is the proprie tor. V, ythrod's wharf and warehouse have been in the faimily for generations. Few ricnher tmen are to be fountd than Jotithn Lintok in tlhe city of London ; and yet, as he sat l::to rie afterloon at his desk, thlis prince wharf-owner had a dis contented, troubiled look. his brow was deeply wrinkled, and the exiression in his eyes was that of a man who was con stantiy" haunted byh some distressful thougiht. A knock at his oflice door, for not obvious reaso.n, startled him. It was growing dusky on tile river, and the men were begimning to disperse for the night. It was duasier still in tie wharf-owner's C onttt '" ho's that ?" Mr. Lintock, half Sein-e, shaded his eyes with lhis hand. "Dl)cket ?" " Yes, sir." " Ah, that's right. Well, Ducket, what is it ?" Looking re.und the sombra room the mcn isaid : "S' ll I light your lamp, sir ?" asked Na,, Ducket, I shall not need it to ;i!t ; : ns goingle home. iIave you any thin, to say ?" Dllcket was fMr. Linteck'a foreman. 11e in:s a broadl-shouldered mnn, with :lr. liltls ii aid:t groat, honest face. Hlis lizure; was :meular-a rather gaunt form, n: crated it i its. stoop by constantly l,:,e:;lin to lift heavy weights. fHe had th1e kee, scarching eyes of one long ac custeied to the supervision of a hire of wot!kil n. "e' .u wislled toe to tell you, sir, when I sate C!eoatoem aigin.'" " 'ell ?' said Mir. Lintoclk, noticing some hittation. " I hive seen hinl." ".A!,ut the wlu-arf ?" " Nc,; he has given up coming here. lilet e hint I gave hism least time, aesd has stoppsd comning this way, though I never thougght lhe would." "h'Ihrv, then, did you se him .?" asked hMr. Lintock. "' On Ltnd)on Bridge. lie was lounging there, sir, leaning over the parapet. It was gelting dark, and 1 saw him look at tie warelouse antd then into thle river, as i he had half ia mind to drown himself. Pal a-thitkitn, ir, ir, that he's getting a bit "A dntlger to limself," tie wharf owner answered thoughtfully. "And to otlhera. sir," said the foreman, iuilirantly-. "e Ie', plotting. A man hlile Cl atou would stick at nothing, " What do you mean by that, Duck.:t twisted his cap int his hand and laneced out of the window upon the darketnine, river. " I'ioting revenge," said le. "Piottin,, revenge," repeated Ducket, sith a quickl look at his master. "Why, those broken-d1awn, drunltken. chaps like Utiso ni, sir, haven't anytlhing to lose tioey set no salue oin life." "' D yoi0 mean their own ?" "Aye, sir-neither their own nor otherc people's. You'll excuse me, sir; but if you had even the face of him--" Tile fore:'au stopped abruptly. Some thliu in 3ir. .intock's face alarmed him; a keen stab could scarcely have produced a more sudden clhane. "But the startled f'xpression lpcsed before lhe could ask if his master were ill. "l) Dcket," said MIr. Lintock, rising from iis, chair, "if Clogatoun ever comes to the wharf you have my leave to hand hin over to the police. We must run no risks in a place like this. I am glad to See that you are alive to the fact that the coan is a dangerous character." As lie drove that evening toward Lon don Bridge Station through tle lamp-lit streefs, Mr. Lintock peered restlessly out of the carrnae window; and in the large thoroughfares, whnere men withl uncoUth, tsipated faces laughed and talked at lf.-open tavern doors, he looked about hui withl the horror of one who dreaded to recognise, some repulsive face among them. It was not until thie wharf- owner lad passed ilto tlhe crowded station tifet Ie seemed to throw off ill some degree this curiosity about his fellow-men. MIr. Lintok lived at Greenwich, and the train was on lihe paitt startng;. As he stepped into an rmp,:y coie:partrnent and the porter a:: clsing the door, a young man Caine up ont of breathl and stepped in after hi?,. By the dint li"iht they recognised each other as friends, and a warm exchange of greetings fol lowed. " Why, Overbeck, what takes you to Greenwich, hi ?" sail the wharf-owner. "I was coming to visit you." To dine with us ?" " Yes." "I am delighted to hear it." A matter of business between Mr. Lintock and Percy Orerbeck had origi ially brought them together. Overbeck had taken part of a house in Trinity Square as a junior partner in a fHamburg firm. and often had occasion to land goods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbeck's parents; and he had welcomed to a place on Ils hearth this son of hi old friends, as soon as he presented his letter of re commendation; and so it camne to pass that the young Hamburg merchant quickly learned to realise that Mr. Lin tock had a fascinating daughter. Nor did he despair of some day winning Bertha Lintock's hand. Tile train was in rapid motion. Tie two friends sitting opposite each atlher, were chatting pleasantly,when a startling ehlinge came over Mr. Lintock's face. Ti:e expression was that of abject terror. \Vi;lh his eyes tixed as though he were fascintated--iaed upon the furthdr win doe of the carriage-the wharf-owner sat paie and speechless. Orcrbeck could not withdraw lhis gaze; and so completely did Mr. Lintock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment lie imagined something super natural had appeared to him. Turning his hiead to follow tile direction of the wharf-owner's eyes, Overbeck was sur prised to see no phantom--nothiing visible beyond the window but black night. Oerbeeck placed his hand on. Mr. Lin. toc's armn. "Are we in danger ? You stare as though you anticipated something ter riblle. If there is any real-" The elder tmant raised his hand to silence his companion, at the same time covering his eyes with the other as if to shut out some repulsive sight. " There is tno danger--no danger noew. It has gone hy." This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. "There was danger, then? If it was real, and tnot mere fancy-" "It was real. It's lucky we met to-night. Your presence has saved my life." " In what possible way 1" "'Do not question me nsow," said Mr. Lintoek, with great earnesrness. "I saw, as distinctly as I see you at this mo ment, a ice at that farther window-a face that has haunted tme for more than a year." Orerbeck sprang up to go to the car riage door; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. "Don't stir! Th'Ile face las gone-it would be madness!" The engine shrieked, and the carriages beagan to slacken pace. In another min ute the train had come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER IT. The Lintock mnnsion, in the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, was surrounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a large courtyard, might have been the cntranece to a prison, and its gloomy aspect lilled Percy Over beck's mind with vague fears. lBut when the frotit door was thrown oren, and he stepped with his host into a broad, well lighted hall, all sense of dread was in stantly dismissed. for at the foJt of the oaken staircase stoo n- Bertha Lintock. She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and she always looked her bet., in Percy's opinion, at these nomelnts of greeting with her father; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they mot his. But she simply said in a clharming tone of troll-feigned surprise : M" r. Overbeck. IHow very kind this is !" as she tool: his prolffered iand. Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that site guessed so:nethitg had re cently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which lie he had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind? Bertha's first words, when they were alone in the drawing rotm before dinner, " Have you marked the chatnge in my father ? To night.lhe does tnot seemI the samle nlmal," con vinced Orerbeck that she had been told nothitig. " He is greatly changed," replied the young matl. " I att much concernled about him." " Can anything be done ?" "I sincerely hope your father will talk to tne of himself this evening. I shall draw hitm out," lhe added, lanughingly, to reassure her, "over our cigar." Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner 'Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted; in fact, he left Bertha to do all the talkingt; so she and l'ercy con versed together to their hearts' con tent. As soon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeck stood holding open the door, the girl gave him one of those appealing looks as site passed out which he remembered long after. "Now that we are alone," said Mr. Lintock, " I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts me. I have intended for some time speaking to you. The in cident in the train to-night has decided me." Orerbeck, having drawn forwvard an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr. Lintoek, said : " I am deeply interested." After a few minutes' pause, the wharf owner inquired : "Do you remember, Overbeck, an in dividual of the name of Clogstoun ?" Overbeck'shook his head. " He was a workman oin the wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety." "A dark person, witll black, hungry eyes' " asked Overbeck. "That's the man, as you decribo hitim- that's the man whose face I saw at the carriage window to-night." The younger man's lhandsome eyes were fixed searchitngly upon his host. " Not really ? " " Yes, what else?" " I thought you mighlt mean his ghost." said the young man, smiling. "I mean the man's face. I have no belief in disembodied spirits."' \- vssfeDi'. B';t," said Overbeck, "unlces the mao Clso4toun is dead-" I l" le is not dead. 1He threatens me; lie has dole so for monlths. I see his face I everywhere- everywhtre," said Mr. Lin toak, glancing uneasily round the room. For a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand across his eyes, as lie had done in the railway carriage; but quickly re covering himself lie said: " Clogstoun had often been employed on the wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrelsome habits. Io insulted everyone he came across, when excited by drink, until it was thought le must be out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to his appeal to bh given another chance, he muttered, ' You shan't ruin me for no thing, Mr. Lintock; you had better think this over.' I did not like his look then; there was' a strange expression in his eyes-a look that seemed to me to con tain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward he accosted me in the street, loaded moe with insult, and vowed lie would not rest until he had taken my life." Overbeck started up with an angry ex clamiation on iis lips. T 'ie man is lmad !" "I treated this threat at first as the silly utterance of a drunkard," continued M.r. Lintock. " It gave sme at the mo mennt no real uneasinesa. " But as tilme went by, his conduct began to alarm inc. He again accosted me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if hit, did not cease to annoy me, to take the matter before a magis trate." "Ah!t you did ri-ht. I should have done so at once, though." " But that has no effect. lie still dogs my steps if I venture oiut after dark. I see lis ey'es fixed ont me at every corter; ntl unless something is done to put a stop to it I shall be ill. IMy duties at the warehoulse are a sullicient wear and fear without Clogstoun's wretched face threat ening me night and day." Overbeck was pacinmg up and down the room. lie could not rest with the thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and harassed at et cry turn. "Does anyone know of thits affair ex cept ourselves ?" le asked. The wharf-owner reflected a moment. "Ducket, I think, suspects something; nobody else." "Not even your daughter ?" " I have never spoken to her on the subject," said .Mr. Lintock, evasively. After a -moment's pause, Overbeck asked : "Can you give me Clogstouni's ad dress ?" The wharf-owner looked up sur prised. " It never occurred to me that lie had any. In what hole or corner of London would he lodge ? His appearance was no better lwhien I saws him last than that of a vagabond or trampl)." " lie must be known to the police." " So I hope, for he has fallen very low. Ile was last seen by Ducket on Londen Biridge, contemplating, I should think fromn the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a criime that one so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes tme shudder! If you had seen his face to-night, the dread would have laid hold of you as it has of mec that my life is in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tone, but there was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words, "lIy life is in danger," seemed to express the convie tion of a sound-minded mans capable of mature rellection. "You are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that the face at the carriage window was real, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : "That is a question to which I wish. Overheck, I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The face, as 1 tell you, threatens me imomeinarily-so un expectedly ; it seems--only too real." Then he suddenly added with a searching glance, " You do. not think my brain attleted ? \Yell, well, it is not surpris ing if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drive me crazy." Orerbeck promised to take the matter seriously in liand ; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a re assuring nature, IMr. Lintock proposed tl.at they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at the piano, but site rose when they came in, gave them tea, and paid some delicate little attentions to her father. Then site returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Overbeck went softly to a chair beside her, for the wharf-owner had fallen asleep. " IIe has spoken to you," said the girl, still accompanying her dream. " Has lihe not 1" 1Her face was troubled, and tears were in her daik eves. " We have talked the matter over. Ife has told me everything. Do not be dis tcessed; there is no need. Have confidetco in me, will you, as an old friend ?' - There was little occasion to have asked this. Bertha's face, thlough troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. " Whiy should you doubt that t" was the girl's reassuring reply. ".For weeks past I have wished that my father 'would speak to you. I knew that something distirbed hitt. But hIeis so considerate 1 He has done his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm tme." " It is about a discharged sorkman- it is best that you shlould know-a fellow who threatens your falther. The affaiir has unnerved him; but 1 hope to put matters right. You are not frightened, I hone 1" "-Now;not now," said Berths in a low voice-"no, now, that you are lifting half the burden off our shoulders. Hot good it is of you !" She swas irresistible. Overbeck an swered in his earnest way : "There is nio burden that I would not bear for your sake." "For me -" ".Yes, Bertha. I love you." - Tlhero was a flutter of tthe dark eye Lsheis,'but tlhe girl dl not raise her eyes. The accompaniment to lher dream was al most inaudible noit. Was the reality the conviction of her love for Percy Overbeck dawning ipon her - The osonata was finished, and Mr. Lin tock awoke out of his nap. It was timeo for Overbeek to bid his friends good night, for hlie intended to rettirn to Lon don. He caught a sweet, timid glance froin Bertha as hie took hislcave. As the train was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lattplight in wide and narrow thoroughlfares throw a red reflection over the city, Orerbcck thought of the countless mysterias that lay hidden in dark courts and alleys, in the midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one of these shadowy by-ways? CIIAPTEI IlI. The visit to Greenwich of Percy Over beck had effected a lnoticeable change in the Wharf-owner's state of mind. The haunted look left him, his expression was altogether less careworn. and it would al most seem as if those strange forebodings which had lately perturbed "his brain troubled hint no longer. His interest in a:l the business of tie wharf returned and Docket found Ilim one evening work ing in grim earnest at his desk. "\Well, Ducket," said MIr. Lintock, as the foreman came in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, " who is on duty to night ?" "I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock." "Not alone?" " Why, yes. The fact is, sir, I'd a special object in relieving the night watchman." The wharf-owner's glance expressed his surprise. " What object could you possibly have ?" Ducket, still occupied with the lamp, answered without lifling his eyes: " I amt expectitng Mr. Overbeck." " And what houre:' Ducket handed the wharf-owner a slip of paper. A single line, which lie re cognised as Percy Oserbeck's writing, ran as follows: "Ten P. i3. Wait at wharf. P. 0." Mr. Lintcck's face while reading this undelwest a change; but rccovering hint self quickly he inquired: "Do you know whIy Mr. Overbeck is coming to night 1' Tihe lamp was no:v lighted, and Ducket, whi;le placing it upon the wharf-owner's desk and adjusting the shade', replied: " It's about Clogatoun. SIs L naturlly suppose ; for there ain't a:ything else I can think of that would bring Ihim here at that time o' night. The note, just as you see it, was given to nme tills afternoon." ", Who brought it ?" " One of Mir. Orerbeck's clerk's." The wharf-owner looked tlheught fsl. I I have plenty to keep ume busy till ten o'clock," said he, throwing a glance over the papers before him. "'Ir. Over heck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and see him." Then taking up his pen hIo added, "You'll be within call if I want you, Ducket l" "You've only to touch the bell, sir; I shall be sure to hear." It was the first time for many weeks lthat M3r. Lintock had worked alone in the counting-houseafter dark ; and it was not surprisisng that the dead silence and soli tude, when ihe occasionally stopped and looked up from his desk, should remind him of the threatening fa:se of Clogstoun. lie had dismissed the clerks, for he had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to the whalf was entered in the books upon the shelves around hltm. Still thie silence seemed each moment more oppressive. It was past nine. What could Ducket be doing so noise' lessly down stairs, ihe wondered? It was so strange he had neither heard the sound of his voice nor footsteps. Then he thought, "If Ducket would only sing or move about the building the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me would be removed":' lie tried manfully to dismiss this feel ing and to find absorption in the work he fore him ; but there now rose in his mind, more vividly than ever, this haunting face. lie imagined the figure of Clog etorn, as DCseket had described it, leaning over the parapet of the bridge. Was the man there to-night, lie wondered? IIe could not resist the temptation to stretch out his hand and draw the curtain back from the window and look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on the bridge; but they were too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one ligure fro anotlher. Yet lihe fancied that, dark as it was, ihe could discern a shadowy form stanlding near the centre of the bridge, and tlhat the form resembled that of the man with whose face Ihe was so painfully haunted. lie dropped the cur tain with an angry gesture. "What if Clogstoun is there 1" lie ex claimed aloud. But, the wharf owner's hand trembled nole; lie could not write. The black horrors which he had resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain like imps of darkness ; the more lie tried to chase them from him, the more they swarmed. Ilisinsr.gination awakened into terror at last. A firm conviction took hold of him; it was like a nightmare 'which no strength of 'will could drive from his brain ; Clogstoun was staring at him through the glass partition in the clerk's office like acat rwatching its prey I Mr. Lintock sprang to Iris feet. At this moment the gate bell in the courtyard of the warehouse began to ring. CHAPTER IV. After lighting lr. Lintock's lamp, Ducket Ihad descended to the basement on a level with tihe wharf. It was a huge storeroom; its area represented the dimensions of the entire warehouse; and altlhough thlere were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars which sup ported the floor above. its great size was still apparent, for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to run to and fro. SNear thle river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed; it had a door facing thle main avenue, and a small wcin dow on each side. uOn the door was written "Superintendent's olice." Ducket raised thle latch and stepped in. There was a desk under one of thle windows, and under the other stood a store with a fusl net disappearing through a hole in the wood-work. The foreman drewv up a chair in front of this stove, and having looked at the fire and fed it with charcoal, Ie began to ap pease his appetite out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. He ate hIis supper with apparent relish; but the miixture in.. the can did not seem to his taste, for he rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. - " l'd rather drink a piut of senna," he declared, driving the cork home emphati cally with the palhn of his hand, ".than another drop of that stuff." He lit his pipe with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Haid anyone been playing him a trick? He was be Sginning to get so sleepy that the walls) Iof the shed appeared to expand, and his head to grow proportionately larger. It Swas a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off his drowsiness, for he was the solo watchman in the building. If any catastrophe occurred the blame would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. Ile began to pace up and down the centre avenue between pyramids of bales. No \- matter whether he turned to the right or lift he was always becoming more and more impressed with the fact that uncer tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the lantern's falling from hfis thand and going out; then he sank on the ground with his head resting ont shard bale. Was lie dreaming ? It eemed to Ducket as in adreamn that someone glided past him like a ghost, andt that a light flashed before his eyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until lie awoke with a start, strongly convinced that lie had been roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Could it he Over beck at the gate already ? It was surely not ten o'clock I The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward the superintendent's office. As he went along with outstretched hands lie experienced a dull singing in his ear.. Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his be wildered brain ? Docket found the stove fire still barn ing, though low. lie took a lantern from the wall, and lighting it glanced anxiously at the clock. " half-past ten !" he exclaimedl " why-" It was the warehouse bell. It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it vwas so incessant. Still half dazed with the oppressing effect of Isis iilnnatural sleep, Ducket hurried across the yard, and unlocking the side door leading into Thtames street, found himself face to face i with Percy Orerbeck. Witll an air of suppressed impatience lie s:id : " Why are you so dilatory in opening the door ?" "I only heard the bell a minute ago, [ sir." ow's tathat ? 1 have been rinigin at t short intervals for nea:rly half-at-lhour. Is there anythinggwrong 1' Ducket looking puzzled at Overleck's excited face, answered : "I very much suspect that-" 1 What ?'' "That I've been drugged. Thait's ? hy I couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise t of the bell awoke me." The excited expression on Overbeck's face increased. "Are you here alone ?" " I'n the only one on duty ; but I'm I not alone in the warehouse," said the foreman ; "AMr. Lintocek is here." a Overbeck hurriedly demanded : e " Where ?" t " In his oflice up- stairs. I left him there busy writing at his desk." S" When l?" I "Some hours ago--before I became drowsy." "Iovers ago ? Show the way as quick as you can to Mr. l,intcek's roosn." D Ducket, still more perplexed at Over beck's manner, hastened uO-stairs with t out a word. I[e was re'zed with a dread . ful sense of apprehension ; and on open ing Mr. Lintock'e door, he uttered a sup s pressed cry. The wharf-owner's room I was empty; but the lamp upon hIis desk a was burning, and the light thrown upon I his papers sllowed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the taile, and the ink was trickling down into a pool upon the floor. Orvrbeck stepped forward, took a quick glance round him.. Then lihe looked kernly ot DIcket. "Clegstoun haiss been here. e and 1Mir. Lintnck have met." The foreman's face expressed a Icok of lhorror. "Now, Ducket;" said Percy Overbock, placing his hand upon the foreman'sl shoulder, " nerve yourself. Let us senrch the warehouse." The warehouse was explored from roof to basement. The foreman who had known every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since bo'hoad, t,,k the lead, flashing Iris lantern into every unook and corner. On each floor they called on Mr. Lintock lolly y by name ; but only an echo of their voices reached them. They stood onese more within the whllarf-owner's room. " Ducket," said Overbeck, " ast your eyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing ?" The light from the foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly 5 round thewalls. Suddenly itstopped be hind Mr. Lintoiek's chair. "Do you see that peg, sir?" " Yes." "That key should be there. It's sgone." "T What key ?" "The key, sir, to that private dler ;" and Ducket pointed to a door opposite the I window. "But," said Overbeck, "that leads out upon the wharf. And," lie added, turn ing the handle, " it's locked. What can it mean ?" " It means," said the foremain with sudden inspiration, " that, dead or alive, master has goue out by that door." Witlhout loss of timie, by mieans of tile superintendent's key, they imade their wray on5t upon the landing-stage. They looked eagerly teross the dark river. The Stide was lapping monootonously aigainsat the sides of the wharf ; chains were rattling, boats and barges mioored ilong Sside creaked and strained at their ropes. 1Presently Ducket. who wen t flashinsg r about withl Iris lantern, cried out: "Tlhere's a boat gone !" "Ah ! Is the tide ebbing ?" "Ay, sir, ebbing fast." Overbeck reflected a moment; then lie said : "Give me the lantern." t Ducket obeyed. "Nowr," added Overbeck, "unfiasten a Sboat, and let us row down the stream.. SWe are on tihe track, I hIope, at last." The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to their purpose lying outside a barge; it was soon loosened and ready to start. "I'11 take the sculls," said Overbeck, as hlie stepped iuto'his place. "You shall steer. You know this part of tihe river better thanI do. Are you ready?" " Right with the tide, 3Ir. Overbeek ?" "Yes, by all means ; writh the tide." And so, with Ducket grasping the rud der and Overbeck the sculls, thle boat . moved .out into-mid-stream. On thiey Swent with the ebbing tide, under tihe black shadows of huige ships and towering warelhouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the dark Sness. Bertha Lintock, although made aware in a message from her father that he should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards midnight. She paced up aid down her reom, and con stantly listened for the sound of wheels in the carriage-drive ; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her muind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presenti ment of danger; for, nlhen a child. Wythred's wharf had made a deep im pression upon Bertha. While walking at her father's side through the great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some pas sage- walled with bakls of merchlandise so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered it since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the win dow and threw it open. Overbeck stood below. " Percy, has anything happened 1" she asked. "Where is my father?" " He is here, Bertha-at the gate. You have no need to be alarmed." Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Orerbeck met her at the door, and they went into the dining-room to gether. "Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy," Percy hastens to tell her. " IHe believes that while seated ini his iofice this evening, Clogstonn threatened him. Panic-stricken, lhe es caped from this phantom, or reality, down his private staircase leading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, lihe dropped into a boat, and, set ing it adrift, went out with the tide. Ducket and I-to cut along story short overtook the boat, and--' At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly on tered the roomt, leaning on Ducket's arm. IHis clothes were wset and bespattered writh imud. Seeing his daughter, ire step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over hilm. " Are you hurt, father 1" " No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket," said he, looking up gratefully into their faces, "have saved my life." The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to health. Clogstonn's face never haunted MIr. LUltock again ; for on the day after this occurience, the man was found at the watrehouse among some bags of sea damaged hIenmp-seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that lie had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to tan end. For some time aMr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the oliieeaud from the face. It appeared, however, that at the moment when Clogstounn forced his iway into lhe room, the wharf owner retreated through the private door. This doer he locked behind him, iii order to cut offll pursuit ; aid thus separated from the Thaures- street exit by Clogstoun's presence, MIr. Linttack made his escape by water. In after days, when liertha had become Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight afflir at \ythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that lie had found a means of getting into the wharehouse. For this reason hle had appointed that meeting nitit Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood and womanhood open up, di'crimination is recreesry between what ought to he remen,hercd and wlat it were better to forget. One good general role which holds threugh life is to forgt as speedily as possible the evil which we sea around us and even within us; for evil, like aplhnt, thrives in the light and withere in the da:Lnese. Brcught into open view, talked about, Ihouglht about, and stored in remembrance, its tendency is to reproduce it:elf. Coeur.sn.vrs, which we think are de served, we accept only as debte, with in d fftrehco; but those whose conieence informs us we do not merit, we receive with thie ame gratltude that we do favors given away. 