THE RELIGIOUS CARD I'iAYER. A. private soldier by the name of BRiha!rd Lee was taken many years ago lef,,re a nmaistrrate of Glasgow? for playing cards hduring divine service.: A sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, anl while there the jarson roal the prayers and took the text. Those who had 'a Bible took it out, but this soldier hal neither Bible nor Com mon Prayer Book, but pullinig out a pack of cards he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant saw him and said, 'Richard, put up the cards; this is no place for them.' '.Never mind that,' replied Richard. When the service was over the con stable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the magistrate. SWell,' said the magistrate, ' what have you brought the soldier here for ?' " For playing cards in church.' X Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself.' ' Much, sir, I hope.' 'VYery good; -if not, I will punish you sevreely.' ' I have-been,' said the soldier, ' about six?weeks on the march. .I have neither Bible nor Cbmmon Prayer Bookj I have nothing but a pack of playinig cards, and hope to satisfy, your worship of the purity of my intentions.' Then spreading the cards before the hbailie, he commenced with the ace. '`When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is;but one God.. When I see the deuce' it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the thi'ee, it reminds me of Fathei, Son, and Holy Ghost. .VWhen I see the four' it reminds me of the four evangelists, that preached- Mnttbew, Mark, Luke, and John. The five reminds me of the wise yir gins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten,' but five' were wise, and five were foolish, and were shut out. The six remind me that in. six days the Lord made heaven and earth. The seven reminds me that on the seveiith day God rested from the great work whichl be made and hallowed it. The eight remuinitd me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world-viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. The nine 'reminds me of the nine lepers who were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. The ten reminds me of the ten com mandments which God handed down to Moses on tablets of stone. The king reminds of the Great King of Heaven. The queen ireminds me of the Queen of Sheba, for' she was a woman 'as he was a man. 'She. brought 50 boys and 50 girls; all dressed in boys apparel,. for King' Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls: .The -kin 'sent for water f6r them to wash. The girls •washed to the elbows, and .the boys to the wrists;' so King Solomon told by that. s .... -'. 'Well,' said the bailie, 'you have described every card in the pack except one.' ' What is that ?' ' The knave. . The greatest knave is the man who brouir~t me here.' 