BEiiqaibl. Miler -Haggard, A^ilwr of, Kintj . .Salomon's Mines,' ?' .SIie,'\'i All- ii-.QiMrtt'.riiiain,', ' j)fv Mason's Will,' ' Cleopatra,' &c.; , . CliMTEB XXIII. A T-i\VN OP RAIN. ^Itis i:Ot 1V':!1 to - lingor over such n scene as lliis. Aftor all, too, it is noth ing. Only another brokon honrt or so. The world b.-o.-.ks eo many tliis trny'ani! thn other that itcnu linvo little pleasure in .gloating over such stnlo scenoa of agony. Besides wo must not let our sym pathies carry ns away. Geoffrey and Beatrice deserved all they got ; they had no business to put tliemselvos into sncli a position. They had defiod tlio customs of their world, and tlio world avenged itself upon them and their petty passions. What happens to tho worm that tries to burrow on the high ways ? Grinding wheels and crushing feet ; these are- its portion. Beatrice and Geoffrey point u moral and adorn a tale. So far as \yo can see and judgo there was 110 need for tliem to havo plunged into that ever running river of. bomap pain., Let them struggle, drown and lot those who are on tho bmik learn wisdom .from the sight, mid hold out 110 hand to 'help them. \- Geoffrey .drew a ring, from his finger —it waa a com.moirflat.sidedjsilver ring that had boen.jtaken from the grave of a Roman soldier— and gave it to his love. Ono .peculiarity this ring had, however. iiOnnls inner surface ..wore roughly cut tlio. words, ' avc uti/ue Greoting a/id, farewell I ? . ; It wiis/h fitting to ' pass between poodle A.iii . _ tlieir ' position. :Heatrioe,'' trembling sorely, whispered that she: would wear it on her heart, upon her lipml Bho copld,uoL put it yot.awhilo— icjiy&liyl;)fl Vccofemsed . . ' i , ® Then thricoklid^they' embrace there' upon the desolate shore, onco, ns. lit were, for past .joy, onco for present g»i», and ( onco for ( fnturo , hope, ami parted!' 'There was no talk of'futfiro u?ee'tTiigfi— rhey 'folt' thoui' to lw hi) poHsiblf,: atv.aiiyi!rato . for many yours. How,, could tliey. uioet .as, .indific'i-.-;nt friends? Too, much they loved for- thalT It- 'was n filial ' parting, ' (linn .which' den' h had been less dreadful— for' H6pb sits evor by tho -bed of death— -and misery crushed them to. tho enrth. , . ; . Ha. left. Iior, and happiness wont out of1iisJlifd: as at' nightfall tho daylight g_6ca (i'u'l!'of:tho day. Woll, at least he; naa:bis w.ock ,to:go'to. . lint Beatrice,: yo, or woman,. ;what. had sho? ? ., , |;; , . (Soottrey, .left her. When be tikil gono some 'thirty piiees lie turned again' fi'nil gazetMiis 'last uporidior.- fhei'c bIib stood or rather .leant, hei'ihanii resting against, the . wot rock, 'moiling after, liiui , vfith . her wide grey eyoa. JErf;ii 'ihrbiigli the 'drizzling r'aiii Sir conlii see Ihc gleam of her rich liiii; , .tliO'inarkinj; ut\ iier ' lovely1 fueo, air. the earinino of lier . li 'She motioned to.oiiB.fu go liit., lie want, and; when he had ' trjvevs'ed a hundred' pacet looked round oneo 'nioro. She was still thew\ but now her fJco was a. blur, 'and again the great wliito .gull -hovered about her head. „ Then the. mist swept up and hid her. Ah, Beatrice, with' all .your brains yon could never loam those -simple principles necessary to the happiness ot woman ; principles inherited through a thousand gene rations of savago and somi-civilized ancestresses. To ac cept the situation and the master that situation brings with it — this is the golden rn!e of well being. Not to put out the hand of your affection further than you can draw it back, this it another, at least not until you are quite sure that its objuct is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of tho Fates, you are endowed with those deeper qualities, those ex treme capacities of self sacrificing .affection, /such'ns ruined .your happi nesB, Beatrice, keep them in: Btock); do not oxpose thom to tho world. The world doofjt, not b t-liove in them ;r Ui oy are inoi'nvenionl:hti'd nlule'iirable thoy aro even immoral.- What tho world -W.B.,il:'-^0.PIl;.Very,Higbtly,(,in,n po/son of your a^tjactiwoneptj.jB quiet domesticity of character,' not tho oxhib'ition of at tributes which' 'though they might .IJiiililyffon for '.tho -'rank of -heroine in a Greek drama, are nowadhyepnly jikely to qualify you for tho reprobation of society, ,, %frhat? younwouid rr.tlier'lceop your lovo;l.yoiir; reprelioilsiblo1 16ve wh'i'ch never din be 'Brrtisfrcd, and bear its aliiiga.uud .prrown, ami dio liuggjug u tjihajlo^ to .your heart, ..s'trainiiig . you) l.hc darknass ot- , that beyond wllitber yrfu'shall go-^-riiiirinuriiig with y°lu pnlo lips that thoro'; you - Willi, ffiiil' \- reason and fulfilment? Why it is folly. ground hurt'; you, to siipposo that j . you willfiud anyUiingpf'thu:sort?':Goj and tako tho opinion 'o'f somo sdicniiiic' person of eminence npon this infatuu-' tion of yours aud fclioso .vague, iviiion-' of glory that shall be. . He will explain {£' ?''?'£.'-? will show.- you. , that 'yonr lovo itself is nothing but n 'riatural passion, u'cting, i.i your - (.ihhi'j on :i singularly sensiiivo and ctheroalisod j.prgfliiisip., Be, frank with -him ; toll hinl 1 of your 'secret hopes'.' ' ' -ftowitf smile tenderly, and show you bow theao also Enilo tm emanation from a crnviiig-' hearth and tho innaio superstitions of man1' k'nd. IndocdJip„will laugh and illuui th? absurdity of tho whole thing 'by 'ft 'few pungent'' examples of what would happen if those earthly affeotion^ could bo carried- boyond tho graved Taki). -what yon. can... no,w. vyill bo thi burden of 'his aong,' and' for goodness' sake do not waste.yonr precious honrB in dreams of To. Be. j 'Beatrico, , t 1 - ' '.vorld^ /loes not want your spirituality. It is not u spiritual world; it has no clear idoas upon the ^ -subject— it pays its. religious'' pro.rni'uiii and works off its aapirutions at its weekly church-going, and would think -.the porson a fool, who attempted to ~--ry theories of cclostiol union into on ra^° cnn sympathiso ' ' - *' V ** \ * ' 'T I ' * 'i I witlfr- tind^OUonoH^iUl ciiu7;bnr.dly. iiympnthise with ;/ou. And yet you will cliooso. this better part :,iy-iu vvill still 'Vlivo 'and;loyo,'!and iose.' ' Witli blinding tours and patmonalo bosdocliing.' Ami outstrctcliod arras through oaipty silonoo' roachi.i^.' Then, Beatrice,- have your will, row your , sooci of tears, aud take your chance. You may find that you wero right and tho worldlings wroug, and yon may reap a harvest beyond tho grasp of.'thsir poor. imaginations. And if you find that they are' right and yon arc wrong, what will it ma;tor to you whoifclccp ? ,:Por of .this at least you .ire a'ure. If 'thoro is no tuturo for 3uch earthly lovo as yours, oheu indeed there is none for the children of this world and all Tiicir troubling, CHAl'TliR XXIV LADY IIONOBIA TAKES THE HELD. Gooffrey hurried to tho Vicaargo to fetch his baggago and say good bye. Ho had no time for brealtfast, and he was glad of it, for ho could not have eaten a morsel to save bin life. He found Klizabolh and bor father iu the sitting room. ' Why, wliero havo yon been this wot morning. Mr Bingham,' said Mr Granger. 'I havo boon for a walk with I/iss ijealrico ; she is coming homo by the village,' he answered. ' I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could .boforo I go back to tho mill. , Thank you— only a cup | of tea — I will get something to oat as E°'' . ? i 'How kind of him,' refleotod Mr .Granger;' rio , doubt lio has been speaking to Beatrico again about Owen :l3 ay j ea .' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' ; ' Oh- ? by the wny,' ho added aloud, 'did yoii happen to. hoar anybody ;noving abi'Ut in, the house last night, Mr Bingham, jnst'wlieii'tlie storm was ,nt its 'height? ,Pirst; -of all a door slanmicH so violently that I got up to boo what it wo»,: and iis I g»t'np:lhb ?passage, I could, ulmost huvo Bwoni; .that I saw something white go into, .tlio.sparo room. But. my. candle went -out nud ;by tho timo that I had (outid a ?light there was nothing to bo si-en,'' ' A clear case of ghosts,' siiid :Geolfroy indifferently. . It was indeed ill ' case of ghosts, ' - nnd' they would, Irellactodv lvatiufhim for many a day; - - \- ' How very odd,' put in Elizaboth ? vivaciously, ...her koea eyes, ..fixed .in. itently bn' his 'face. ' -'.Do. yoii : know.' 1 thought that I twico saw tho door of enr room -open and Bhct in the most miysterious ...fashion'. I think that . BeatriceJmpst havji!, epmething;to::ilo with it; she is ..so _ uncanny iii her 'ways.;* r t-,, 'v-; , ,r '^&66ffreyia6r'Br movod a 'mnKole'^'iio | was trained to keep, his countonance, ? Only he wondero I how much this wo liiau knew; '' She mailt'.' bo silenced soinohow. ' ' . t. Excuse nio'for changing the,, sub ject,' he said, 'but my timo is Biiort, ?jar.d I havo none to spare to hunt' tho ? Vicarage Ghost.' I5y tho wayjtheru's '8 good title for somebody. Mr Granger, I believe -that I may speak of busi .nesa matters beloto Aliss Elizabeth.' ! '' Certainly, Mr liinghtt'tu,' said the ;clorgyinun ? ?- Elizabeth is my right .hand, and has the best businoss head iin liryngelly.' . , . Geoflrey loflocted that Ibis was very evident, and went on,' ' I only want to say. this. If you get into any furthor diflieulties with your rascally tithe payers, mind and let mo know. I shnll'always be glad to help you while I can. Aud now I must bo going.' He spoko thus for two reasons. First .naturally enough, ho moant to mako it his businoss to protect Beatrico from tho pressure of poverty, and woll know that it would bo useless to offer her direct assistance. Secondly, he wished to show Elizabeth that it would not bo to the advantngo of her family to quarrel with him. . If she^/md seen a ghost, perhaps this fact, would make her reticent oil the subject. lie did not know that sho was playing a much bigger gatuo for her own hand, a gamo of which tho Btakes' were thousands a year, and that? she '.wits, moroover mad with jeuloUty and what, in suoh a -wo- man^'. must, pass for love. . Elizabeth inado, no coiutneiifc on , his offer, and bofore 'Mr Granger^ profuse thanks weto nearly fiuished, Geoffrey was gone. ? ' ' ! ?? Throe weeks passed, at 'Bryngelly, and Elizabeth j still held, her hand. Beatrice, pale and spiritless,' wont abtml'htr duties as usual. : i 'Elizabeth ^SYoir-i!B('ko 'j.w; in any' .sense .that could awaken her suspicions', and tho ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten.' ? Bat ut'liist an pyeiit'occurrod 'that caused rEiizabeth to duternjiuo to toko tho field; - 0»c day ..alio mot -q.wcn: Daviess walking iilo'iig the bench in'tho seini-iiiBano way which ho ndw.'afTcctijd . lio 'stoppod and, without fiirihor;, alio. ' plunged, into conversation, ' I can't bpnr it; any longer,' he auid, wildly throwing up his arms. ' I saw hor.yosterduyV fand , she 'cut, mo . short1 biftoro I couldjspeak a word.,.!Vl h'n'v'o' prayed for patience aud it won't conioj to me, only a voioo ' seemed to say to; mo that I mtist wait ten days more, ten' short dayB^ijind ^tlioh'iBeatrice, imyl i.eaiitilul.BQitric'e, would bo' my wifa at last.', 'J j 'If you go -on. in 'this ;way, Air' Davies, ' said -Elizaboth sharply, hor heart filled with jealbus' anger, ''yoii will soon , b» off yoor head. : Arp yori .not. . auhamod cf yourself foi making :guph a iusg nboufc « girl's protty./aco P If ^ you .want . to get marriod, m'arry somobo'd y elso.' ; : ! ','V;Marry:Bbm6b6dy olso,' ho Said arqomily ; '- I don't-; know anybody else whom I'coiild marry,- oxcopt you and'you aro not Beatrico.' ' ? tinswerod Elizaboth angrily, aliouUl hopo that. I .have moro Bonao,- ond if you. wan ted to marry me you would, have to set about it in a difforeiit .. way to this'. . I 1U„ uoi Boatricej thank Hoavcn. bnt I am bet sistqr.'dnd I' warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to bo oaroful, Suppos . i .-inaii'.'HOv i' w iiig that Beatrico wore not worthy -'t-{ y iu, yda'' would not, wish to marry ' lieVi l would you ? ' ' . ? j NowOiven Davies, like moBt othef pooplo who had tho privilego of, her lieqaaiiitlinco,' was at heart aomewlic; nfruid of Elizabelb. Also, apart from matters conuebtod with his insane pas sion, ho ivnsrory fairly shroivd. . Ho ?suspected Elizabeth of aimothin'g, lio did- not know of what. 2Ji-,;iio, .of couruo nt't,' ho soidt. .'[Of course I would not marry bor if elio was,;not fit to be my wife — but I imust ku'o'w 'iliat first, before I talk of marry ing anybody else. Good aftfirnoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon bo settled now ; it cannot go on much longor now. My prayers will bo answered, -I know thoy will be.' ' Jou aro right there, Ot?on Davi os,' thought Elizabelb, as sho looked after1 him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contompt, 'Your prayers shall bo answered in a way that will astonish yon. You shall not marry Beatrico, and you shall marry me. Tlio fish ' bus been on tho lino long onough, ;iiow I must begin to pull iu.' Curiously mtough it never really occurrod to Elizabeth, that Beatrico herself might provo to bo tho truo obstaclo to tho marriago sho plotted to provent. Sho knew tiiat her sister was fond of Goolfroy Bingham, but that,, when it came to (hat point, sho would absolutely allow her affection to 'inter fore with so glorious a succoss in life she novor for ono moment believed. Of courso sho thought it was possiblo tbat if Baat'riCo ooulH got possession' 'of. Gooffrey she might, profer to , do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced she. would tako what Owen. It did not. seem possible t h p t was bo preciorfeMn -hor^_oivn ojyiB-i might -Ibo valueless and even hatoful in those of her sister. 'As for' tliat little midnight incident,' 'wrll, - it'-'was- one' thing 'ami' marriage was another. Peoplo forget such' oV'gnta iwlio'n'' th5y marryl'/.-.'somo.-': itimos thoy evon.iuarry in order, ito for got- ij.i.oni,,. i . [ Yes,, .she ? imiijt strike, ,, but (liow,?. Elizabeth' lia'd felliiigs' lik'o olkerpoople. yhd' did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but sho would much prefer: thai', it should not bo known that hers .was. the hand to cut her down. Of course,, if tlio worst 1 came to the worst, she must do' it. Moanwhile, might ? nor a substitute bo found— so Jiebody in whom tho act .would seoui not one of vetigea'neo, but of ' -virtito l Ah 1 sho had it ; Lady Houoi'ia ! Who could bo.b(jtterjfpr such n pnrposo .than tho 'ortielly injured wifo? But then how should sho oonimiinicato tho facts to ?lio'r-lodyship without involving herself ? Again' sho hit upon u device m'ucli favoured by such peoplo — ' un vioux trnc mnis toujonrs boil ' — lli'e pristino ono of an anonymous letter, which has the. startliag merit of not committing anybody to anything. An, anonymous letter, to all appearance written' by a servant :1' it was the very thing!' Mhst likely it would result in. a searching inquiry by Lr.dy Honorin, iii whieh oveut Elizaboth would - of oouis', againat her will, be forcod to say what bIio know ; almost certainly it would result in a, quarrel beowoen husband and wife, which might induce tbo former to show his hand, or oven to take somo open step as regards Boa trice. She was sorry for Geoffrey, against whom sho had no ill fealing, but it'Conld not bo ? helped' ; ho must bo sacrificed. That very evening sho wrote lur lottor aud senl it so bo posted by ' ail old servant living in London, It was a mnsteipiece ill its way, especially pho netically. This procious. epistle;' which was most exceedingly ill writ in a largo conrso hand, ran thus ?. ' My Ladi,— My conaeuco druvs mo to it, much again my will. I'vo tried hard, my ladi, not to spoek, first acorse of miss 15. as i hove knowed good and pour and also for tlio sakes of your ovil nsband that wnlf iii shops cloatluV. But when i think on you' my ladi a lor ful lege! wife, gud and virtus aud penr and of the things as4i hev seen which is enough to bring a blush to tho face of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rito your ladishipp ns follers. Your ladishipp forgif tm* but on tho liito of whittsundriy last .Miss B.. Grainger wint after niiduitp inter the 'room of yonr bad usband — as I was to mi sham tlio'r to so. Efterward -moro 'nor' on hour, she cum out agin boin carried in ? his harms. And if your ladishipp dont boliev me, lot your . ladishipp rite to miss elizheth, ns had this samo mis fortuno to setj?a8 your truj'rehd,' ' The Bitbb.' fTO III'. Cp.NT[NUi:D.'l 