?''..?? _ ^ootbeOl' ? -?? ;'^--: , FOOTBALL ; NOTES. .' . '' (Bt RoiiAnd.) . ' . . TJnf ortunately wet ' weather, prevented the match Town v. Country bcing.held, but I trust arrangements vyi'l y.et.ba made. The' ^Becond, twenties -f ' the 'City * and Launceston ' Clubs will meet to-day to decide'^ tha junior premiership, and the match, promisea to be . moBt exciting. ,', I trunk that it miT be carried out in strict accordance' with the laws of the game, and that the players will not introduce animus into tho contest! , I write thus because in the put in similar matches a good deal of ill feeling has been shown. Let the. game be playe.d ,on it* merits,' and may the best team win. A : larga amount of interest ia being manifested, and there will probably be a considerable crowd of ipectatorx.. . Football ' vrriterB have' commented ?trongly oa.the roughness shown by certain Carlton playeri in their recent match agaimat Eisondon. I have' unfortunately frequently Had occasion to write regarding rough play in Tasmania, and ' aa the' fol owing pithy remarks by ?? Follower !, of the Leader, ara thoroughly in accord with my sentiments, I quote them :' — 'I am told that football is no namby pamby game and that this sort of thing (roughness), is in separable from it. It nueds no ghost come from the grave to satiBfy me respecting the, first' assertion, but the second io nothing but a wretchedly lame excuse for bad temper, cewardiae, and brutality. Oc casional infractions of the law may be ex cused whan evidently due to inadvertence under exciting circumstances, but no man worthy of the name would 'strive to gain ah advantage by the means several times adopted in this match by Carlton player*. What twaddle to urge the paltry excuse that man who play the gftme vigorously are rough in spite of themselves. Were there aver three finer footballers in Aus tralia than Burns bf South Melbourne, Baker of Geelortg, and Worrall of Fitzroy, or men who have individually done, better work in tha field for their respective clubs than these threo? I trow not, and yet ;I eannot recall « a single instance in which I have seen one- of the trio wilfully break the law or descend to taking a mean advantage. In reflecting upon the' subject one cannot help thinking how. ashamed of last Saturday's proceedings could he. have witnessed them, would have been1 that prince of players, the peeriena -George Coulthard, who never flinched, before the most powerful opponent and never .took an . HJHttlA UUYttUI/ltKC ?*?'. UlD iuci Aigo«iiv \a**j flayers of tho ' bullocking ' school, .who ha?e not the privilege of knowing, how men I like George Coulthard played football, have miBsed what might have; been an education to them. Despite the gatherings of the tenB of thousands the game is in a -much more precarious position than most people imagine at the present time and in imminent danger, of drifting hopelessly amongst breakers. Should'1 the day ' eVer come when the leading cricket clubs will be compelled to refuse the use of their grounds for football owing to its being considered disreputable, it will be a shock to those who havo caused iti, ruination . to suddenly awake to. the fact that their occupation is literally and irretriev'abl y , gone. . It would certainly /not be,, an .'unmixed , evil, .a* it might' reiult in a rivivaVi'bt'tb.e' game aa a sport (stripped of it» bttsiniia* a«aoci»tion) played out ao tbe open as ,ituied to1 be by men Vfa'o did it' ' cxaiait »id. pliy ed it tve the -? .-:? : ,,-.'j--j- .-.: ????..?i j;..i .o'.'i ? j;j :. uakeof of sport, heartily, cheerily and with, hon est rivalry, instead of meanly, contemp. tibly-, for what can be got out of it and in a spirit of hateful jealousy. Look to it, I say, look to it, you who are the guardians and custodians of the game and moreover look to itbefore it is too late.' I entirely, concur in the following from the Sydney Mail :— It is evident that two important amendments must be made in the,. laws governing the Australian game of football. Iu the first place, that dangerous practice bf pushing from in front, which is still legal, should bo done array with. It ia u most cowardly act to take advantage of a man watching fora mark to run at hitn and violeutly throw him1 down. Further than that, nushine. whether dangerous or not, should have no place in tho game. There is tbe ball before tho two tutima, and when * insirk ia coming lot both sides go for the ball inetead of for tho man, Pushing muat go. Tho other troublo to which we desire to allude is the want of protection afforded the umpire froiii larrikin players. ITn« fortunately, by a flaw in the.rulerelating - ,. to interference with the umpires, those officials aro recognised only during the \ continuance of piny, and even in this interval the associations do not protect them from ruffianly ? players.' The rule should certainly be altered by striking out tbe words, 'during- the progress of the game,' and then the umpire would 'still bo under tho protection of the- association, even if the assault or use of bad languagB took place a month latur on. 1 South Melbourne still continno their ? victorious career, and there appears every prospect of their going through the season, without a defeat, although they havo yet to meet Boino good teamB. , ..Tho, matches in Victoria on Saturday-1 wire' ? somewhat ? spoilt by a strong wind,, which made the kicking for goals very' uncertain; but, nevertheless, there were several very ox citing finishes. Carlton, weakened by the absence of several of their best players, just managed' to getthe winning goal in the ' last quarter in their match with Williamstown. The EsSendon v. St. Kilda match was also an exciting one, each team, prevailing , in turn, and the result being a draw, with six goals on each side. Geelong and Fitzroy fought' out a good contest ; but the latter made the bettor use of their opportunities, and won in the last quarter by four goals to two. Melbourne and Richmond mado a very even draw with four goal* apiece. The South Melbourne and Port Melbourne match was well con tested until the third quarter, when the superior tactics and condition of the former mide themselves apparent, and they won by four goals to two. ' Tho prowess of tba Ballarat club was demonstrated by a victory over North/' ''Melbourne on the ground of the latter by seven goals to six. The Ballarat Imperial made tho record o£ the day by scoring twelve goals fifteen behind8 to Footsci'ay one behind Tho principal Victorian fixture for to-day will be Carlton y. South Melb'ourin on the latter's ground, and the contest will doubt less' prove a close 'and exciting one. The other matches will be :— Geelong v. Esiien don, at Geelong '; ' Fitzroy v. Port Mel bourne,' at Fitzroy ; Melbourne v^Williams town,' at ?Willianistowii j St.' Kilda v. North Melbourne,at St. Eild*. !? 