'VAS IT A GHIOST ? A DOCTOR'S STORY. I had beeoon sent for in great haste, and had fancied that I was needed in somen extremely critical case, for the tj ru 1iie oven. nug and the night a stormy one. What, then, was my surprise, whei I had 1een ushered into a handotome parlour in one of the besthltels, to find, sitting in it largo arm chair, and with no appearance of ill-health about her, a very beanutiul woman whom I knew to he an actress of pouition, and luid often admired upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. HIer maid'a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olive. skin, remained standing near the window. 'You looksnrprilsed, doctor,' the lady bugan, motionintg me to a seat. ' You will be more so before you leave me. I am not ill and-I ct see that you know that at a glance.' ' You certainly are looking well, madam,' Said I. ' I am feeling well,' said she. "' The question that Idosiro to ask you, as it maun who has made the brain in some dlcgree, a speciality, ise-An I mad? You neednotýmind i y myid; she speaks no ]EngIlsh.. I want you to girve eio your opinion. hDo you think mein tuoan ?' - ' That is a very difficult questiol, mat.m;' said I. ' A doubt of your ratii;ioyn dtty never lavo oc urred.to me. .Be'S,..n peoplIdseldnim utcss their conditi .Irtw'] rsr, you muit haive, somo reason for :aildg, tao cuestionl ?' ' A very grave one,' she answered. 'Either I ant out of my mind or there are such things as [;hoss;'" - ' hero are optical illusions also, madam,' said I. ' 3lut illusions of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once-would that not be madness?' nsked lshe. 'Not if you were aware they were illusionis,' I answered. SBut they eenm realto me,' said the lady -' oil, oo real ! I sllpposo vo read the stories aloiit me in thie insesra ? ol have inleard of the man, who killed himself for love of ]me !' 'The Frenchinma ?' I asked. 'To tell the truth I have read of it.' 'IThey said I was cruel to hlim,' said tile lady, growing somewhat excited. ' 1 was not. I wias kind at first; but ha logged miy footsteps aind thlreatened my life. ot ait first, of course, built ifter I had accorded him an interview, alnd refused him as gently :as : a onllta could refuse S11mI11M1. IHe wanted me to marry him. tIe was rich, of good famiily; lie walls ihonourable, alid very, very much in love. But I-how could I love ia tranger? And he was Iigly--a proat aiviage.lookiig ereature. After that lie tried to kill me. Ieo slot at me. I had him arrested, and lie commiittcd suicide ill rison.' Sithe plaused and shuddered. ' It isihe'cho conies,' slhe added. ' aturally,' sni I, L you have been greatly shocked. ?iou dreaml of hiam,iad yeour ireanls are so vivid, that youe fancy thlel actual 'I knc" yon would lay that,' she sighled, 'but I hav very vivid iceranii, for in thlol friendos lwho have booe dclea for yealrs colme to tile. I'toe speak lnd i lCe andil toliit 1te0. iBut whenl I awake I hlnow that I haivo been dreaming. Tllis is dilferen;. My ghost-or liy lladnless-calmne to Ine -npolt tlistago.' Upon the stage !' I rclpeatel. 'Yes,' she answered. 'lle says I shall not act again. I wais ilaying ia week lago, whenl lie lite. Ia often ecaleo, but nlever !oiore did lie touch 1l21. 'Tlli time lie laid h. i? land ui oll nlily armll, and lwhispered: 'r tell yoa you nllnstritir. from tile stage! I exact this penalty of oi,. The ,lext title you tread the boards I wi kill vou !' L' ell' said I. i fainted,' said the lady: i lid fortunately it was the correct thimng to do at the momenlt. Onll my follow.actora gaessed the ewnoon to he a real one. But the next day I cancelled mny o'Raglemcut. I declared miyself ill. The truth in woras very much friglitenld. i had growl used to his staring and pointing to lis throat, but whein it calme to touchlingmis and speakiIeg' She paused, shuddering violently. Yoiurs isa caso of disodiorerd nerves madam,' sald I. ' I advise you to taken holiday.' 'I don't dare to go on ucting !" she gasped;. Don't you see that ? Why. 1 really believe you dlu't know why I anL so tronble il Il the vCer prilie of life, witlh everytlhing I value at my intd, .I must sick into o0icurity--retireon ia small su2n of money, when I mlight nlin:o an0 immense fortuno-givoe ip the appiiulso I live for, the art I adore--und all because a ghost will hlave it so t' 'lenteara arose to her hIbeutiful eyes. She wviped tlheiI uIway inld foeced.a laugh. Oil, you know I had rater tllink myself a littleo l of l ymind than to believe Ii mny ghost !' said sih. ' So should I,' said I. ' If ryo will take lIiy alvice, you will give yourself it holiday. sur rou ?ullyorselfwithi froends, and forget your Illlucmation--it is one. Yeo; are just a little upset, alnd it will puss.' I wrote a prescripltioll. ' Take tll at night,' I aild. I assure you that science lhas distinctly proven the fa:t that ghosts do linot allppear to miany one.' Shortly Iwent my way. The fee sent me greatly exceeded fmy usual olne. and the next day Iread in the papers that i?Indaumo-- had taken her phiysicin'ls aldVise, and would spend a tcwelvelnontl i Soitlhrnll Europe. It was more tlhann a year, lhowrever, before I eaw on the walls of the tiCnst theatre in the city the announcement of Madanme - 'a re'pltcar. once. She was to play in her favourite rpe, and the papers were full oft pangraphs concern ilg her. She wrl, they .?lid, luallsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than over. Seats at thetheatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance, and at luacy prices. s I had my fortune yet to make I felt that itt it was somewmhat extravagint to attend on the firstnight, hut I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. The house wal full of the most elegant people in the city. The complany was fine-themusio excellent. The curtain rose uponl the unimportant characters who alvway ushier its a play, and finally the door at the leek of the stage was flung open by a servant, and Madame - entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right. Slte was handsomer than I over. Her red, was one to call forth all her art. She did not fail. As thle play proceeodedl. I noticed, however, that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of theaido scenes ina way I did not like. And as the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to moda longer wast than usual at tit timolwhen sheshould, have entered; however -bShe advanced to the foot-lights. The part shdlplayedplacedherinthat scene in the midst of a howling mob who. throtelned her. Shle turned and faced them. Tthey Ilollished weapons in the ainr She addressed them, her tilltformdrawn .to its height. M'y memory of the plily sas that at this nrnuent succour arrived, but it oeeured to ,me 'hat the scone was elhanged. rom themidst of the mob a stmnge wild Olguroemshcedforth. I sywit hut for a moment. I threw back thecollar of its coat and revealed a red goasllh acrois its thlroat, and flung out'itshaeul towards her. I saw it but for a moelnolt, wondorilng whlat connection it had with the platy; then I saw Madame - fall feorwardl on her face. Thocurtainfelh. Th1ho0so was in an up roar of excitemenot. A moment after a ndll wcs made for a doctor. I was tile first to answoer it. . A little yroup of plhyiociais gathered about tile heanutlut form tlitlthoy htad lifted to n sofa ; but we saw abaglaneul tlhant we looked upon a doomy part a horror beyond that whieh sudden death inspires possessed me. 'Did you notice tIle momient at which she foll?' I nsokda lirominlent physicion who stood necar me dwld wom I kllnew well. ' Yee,"'and lbe n as she spoke the lant woruls of her deothfnu . Her friends were about to 'I fancied oln of the penulace-tll one vhlb toniehad her, who hadblood lponhim, frightened her,' I said. ' Oh, no one touched her, my dear follow,' he said. ' Thlere is nothinlg of that sort in tihe pliay. She awedtllhe hyhermalnner,yon know. tond heavens, what a oad thliig this 5s' 'It is horrible,' I nnswered. I think o still, s0o on hut myself had sosa the mLanl witlthe blood upon hIis throat unles ahe did, and unlessall that I am bound as i mledical man to diabellosve is true, there ara?uch things ao ghosts. No fewer than 1,a10 patients bitton by dogs woere treated at the Pasteur Inmtitutointhneyear ended 31st October. There wore thiteon deathsl. 