Tho Tireasure of P 1a1ohard, [oau=NUano u too *fobd, to be cdunhatod, to" jaO eiblo room blown; and then, when the time comes, they break our hearts, as I break this piece of sogur. A pair of professed egotists, liko you and me, should avoid offspring like an jofildelity." -Inde dl" said she, and she laughed. "Now, that is like you-to take credit for tho thing you couhl not help." "My dear," returned tOie doctor, solemnly, "we ,night heuo adopted." -ercvrl" crid odaome. "Noever, doctor, withll my consent. If the lchild were my own :enh and dblood, I would not say no. But to tlke o another lerson's indiscretion on my shoulders, my dear frieond, I have too mu?th 000S0." "Precisely," replied the doctor. "We both had. And Inm all the better pleased with ourwisdom, becausen-becauso"- Io looked at her sharply. "Beenauos whatl" she asked, with a faint premonition of danger. "flecouso I huv found tho right person," said the doctor. firmly, "and shall adopt him this nfternoon.O • A nastasi looked at him oit of a mist. "You hvro lost your reason," slloh said; and thero was a elang in her voice that seemed to ithreaten trouble. "Not so, mly dear," he repliod; "I retain Its complete oexercise. To tio proof: instead of attempting to cloak my inconsistency I have, by wny of preparing you, thrown iit ointo strong relief. You will there, I thinlk, rec?conizo the philosopher who has the ec stosy to call you wife. The fact is, I have been reckoning all this while without an ac cideat. I noever thought to find a son of imy own. Now, last night I found one. Do not :unnecenarily alarm yourself, my dear; ihe is not a drop of blood to me that I kinow. It is his minhd, darling, his mind that calls mu father." ""His mindl" lshe repeated, withl a titter between scorn and hysterics. "His mind, indeedi Henri, is this an idiotic pleasantry, or are you madl His miudi And what of joy mtndt' , "Tr ly," replied the doctor, with a shrug. Iyou haveu your finger on the hitch. He will be striinagly antipathetin to my beautiful Anastasic. She will never understand him; he will noever understand her. You married the animal iside of my nature, dear; and it is on the spiritual side that I find my afilnity for Jean-Marie. So much so, that, to be por feetly frank, I stand'in some awo of him mi. self. You will easily perceive that I ai. announcing n calamity for you. Do not,"h . broke out in tones of real solicitude, "do not give way to tears after a meal, Anastasie. You will certainly give yourself a false di. gostiona." Anastasio controlled herself. "You know how willing I am to humor you," she said, ,'in all reasonable mattersom. But on this point" ,"My dear love," interrupted the ddctor, eager to prevent a refusal, "who wished to leave Paris? Who mnade me give up cards, tnd the opera, and thie boulevard, and my ocisl relations, mnd all that was my lifo be fore I knew yout Have I been faithful? Havero I been obedient? Have I not borno my doom writh cheerfulness? In all honesty, Aiastasie, have I not a right to a stipula. tion on my sidoe I haveo and you know it, I stipulate my son." Anastasle was awanre of defeat; she struck her colors instantly. "You will break my heart," sbo sighed. "Not in the least," said he. "£You will feel a trifling inconvenience for a month, Just as I didl when I was first brought to this vile hamlet; then your admirable sense and temper will prevail, and I see you already as content as over, and making Four hlusband the happiest of man." lYnu know I can refuse you nothing," she isaid, with a last flicker of rcsistance inoth Ing that will make you truly happier. But will thisi Are you sure, my husbnand? Lass niglht, you say, you found himl oHe may be the wnorst of humbugs." "I think not," replied the doctor. "But do not suppose me so unwry as to adopt him out of hand. I am, I flatter myself, a flu Ished man of the world; I have had niall pos iibilities in viow; my plan is contrived to meet them all. I take the lad as stable boy. I he pilfer, if he grurMblo, if he desiro to change, I shall see I was mistaken; Ishall recognizo him for no son of mine, and send him tramping." i"You will never do so whe tim timq comes," said his wrife; "I know your good Sheart." Eho reached out her hand to him, with a sigh; the doctor smiled as he took it and car ried it to his lips; heo had gained his point nitlh greater caso than he had darod to hope; for perhaps the twentieth time ho had proved the etnicacy of his trusty argument, his Ex calibir, thoe hint of a return to Paris. Six nonths'in the capital, for a man {p the doq (ir's antecedents and relations, impnlet li6 Inss a calamity than total ruin: Anastasie lad saved the remainder of his fortune by lSoping him strictly in the country. The ,ary name of Paris put her in a blue fear; ned she nould hare allowed hedr tlisbard to keep a menagerlo in the biacf gardei;' ]~ slone adopting a stable boy, rather than per mit the question of roturh to be disoussed, About 4 of the afternoon the mountebanik rendered up Iis ghost; he had never boon consclnus since his seizure. Dr. Dosprez was present at his last passage, and declared the farce over. Then ho took Jean-Mario by the ohtulder, and led him iut into the inn gar Sden, where thero was a convenient bench beside the river. Here ho sat him down and mado the boy place himself on his left. '"Jcaiin-Marie , b he said verygravoly 'jhis rorld is' exceetdingly vast, ill. odven Prance; .hich is only a smail corner of it, is a groat plac for a little lad like you. Unfortunately I's full' of eager, shquldnrnja people nm ying and there aro very tow bakors' ohops foi us many eaters. Your master is deadJ yout ere not fit to gain a living by yourself; you do not wish to stealt No. Your situation, thou, is undesirable; it is, for the moment, crltical. On the other hand, you behold in toa mnn not old, tlhough elderly, still en oying the youth of the heart and the intcl igonce; a nman of instruction; easily sittuated i'this v.moottl atuiit; kepiolt i gr od tablia; t'man, hOethier as fi:leoi?l noit'lthst,O(dbo 4> pisei. I offer you'your food iand dlothes, *" nud to teach you lessons mi theo ovening,which ll be infilitely more to the purpose for a ia of your alr.n g tinl those of all the priests. o Europe. I propepo nouwages, buo it uver ou tako'a thought to 'leav'"mothio lor hq|J hae oplin, and I will giv 'you 100f kI'icS 9Start hss worlh ppso. In return, I havoe ol pd horse and chaise, ti.lich yqSt floul '?ry speedily learn to chean and koop i" ra ei Io. not hurry 'yoursalf to antWor,' aiid ko it or leave it as you judge aright. Only teuimber this, that I am no sentimentalist bchritqblo person, but a man who lives "iroously t liuimtlf( pnd that if I mako the -pcresivo clearly an"a'dv'itadi'"fd iy'sotf: Od now rclect - .... . - "I shall be very glad. I do i'ot s?e what hlso I can do. I thank you, sir, most kindly, n I w'ill try to bh usftu!," said the boy. I 'tifTnk you," snil the doctor, wnrmly, ris ng'Iat the 'ane tineo and sliplng his i!rqw, ,u;se he had sEifiered ogonle o whilo tis thing oiuiug In the swinl. t retiisal, after the sceno SIt noon, would have placed him in a ridicu a.leus light beforo Anastsio. "HIow hot and P.evy is the evening, to he surgl I have always had a fancy to be a fish in summer, Jean-Marie, hero in the Lolng besido Gretz. I should lio under a water lily and listen to the bells, which must sound nmost delicately down below. That would be a lifeo--do you not thinkso, tool"' "Yes,' satid Jea-un- ari . "Thank God, you have imaginationl" cried the doctor, embracing the boy with his usual efmusive warmth, though it was a pIroceding that seemed to diseoncert thie sufferer alnost amsnuc: as if he had been an English school boy of the same age. 'And now," he addled, "I will sko you to my wife." Msme. Lespre7 sat in the dinitng room in a cool w~n pper. All the blinds were down, and the tile :loor bad been recetlyysprinkled with water; Iler eyes werro Ialf shut, but she affected to be reading a novel as thy en tored. Though she was a bustling womantn, sho et tyed reposo between whiles and had a rem'rkablo appetite for slcep. SThe doctor went through a solemn form of introduction, adding, for thie benefit of bothl part?es, "You must try to like each other for mny sake." "Ee is very pretty,"saidl Anastasie. ,"Will you kiss me, my petty tlittle fellow?" ")i' ill you Isiss nle, nlllil,~ellU lilllclcllotuP" 7 ho doctor was furious, and dragged her .:ia the .passage. "Aro you a fool, Anas ',. :-P ho said. "What is all this I hear 'out the tact ot womeni Heavens knows, I Sto not met with it in my experience. Tou S..ircas my little philosophor as if ho werean ! 'unt. IHo must be spoken to with moro re hieet, I tell you; he must not be kissed and G -':gy-porgy'd like an ordinary child." *.: only did it to please you, I am sure," roplied Anastasio; "but I will try to do bet "ho doctor apologized for his warmth. f"ut I do wish him," hoe continued, "to feel »*8 home among us. And really your con duct was so idiotic, my cherished one, and so lttterly. and distantly out of place, that n "Aint might have been pardoned a little vehe mence in disapproval. Do, do .try-if .it is possible for a woman to understand young people-but of course it is not, and I wastoe ay breath. Hold your tongue as much as l)ossible at least, and observe my conduct .,srrowly; it will serve you for a model."0 * Anatasio did as she was bidden, and con * . lured the doctor's behavior. She observed I sa:t he embraced the boy threo times in the .uarse of the ovening, and managed goner ay-f to confounnd ad abash the little fellow ousl of speech and appetite. But she had the trua womanly heroismi in little affairs. Not only did she refrain from the cheap rovengo of exposing the doctor's errors to himself, but she did her best to remove their ill effect on 'ean-fmarie. When Dcsprcz went out for his last breath of air before retiring for the night, she came over to the boy's side and took his hland "You must not be surprised nor frightened by my husband's manners," she said. "Ho is the kindest of men, but so clever that he is omentlhmes dificult to understandml. yo will soon grow used to him, and then you will lovP him, for that nobody can help, As for .. me, iou may be sure, I shall try to makoyou happy, an- will not bother yot at all. I think we should be excellent friends, youamnd I. I am not olover, but I am very good na.'irdn. Will you give me a kissim I; l;cl' up his face, and she took him in ae l mse and then began to cry. The woman -.d lip'onein in complaisance; but she had ','iir.led o her own words, and teidei'ness t:;y -ved .The doctor, entering, found them »1> o.d: he concluded that his wife was in ri'i. and ho was just beginning, in an "*ft i voice, "Anastasio,"'when she looked in Ia him, Eluiling, with an ilpralsed' inge~hi and io held his peace, woudering, while ahe !ed the boy to his attic. . . ': \- . flAPTER IV. . -SE EDUCATION OF A PHIIILOSOPHIER. The installation of thbo adopted stnblo boy was thus happily effected, and the wheels f life conutinued to run smoothldy in thodoc Br!s houso. Jean-:Marie did his horse and carrirge duty in the morning; sometimes holpccs in the housoework; sometimes walkoed abroad with the doctor, to drink wvisdom froom i;e fountain head; and wase introduced at nigh~ t the sciences and the dead togucs. Ib retugd hlit qt diggull platildity o it uplt ;"'.: or; h?io was ra,"vy'in fault but heo '1 &*:L 4 very parTeal progress ii 1is r ~dlo. ?.-f remahlned much of a stranger in Pt e.r woas a pattern. of regularity. All faor t -on he worked on his great book, thb "t s.parativo Pharmacopceia, or His toricrle Dictionlary of all tedicines," which as ye' consisted princip.lly of slips of paper and Ins. When filnishel, it was to fllmnany iters nable voluhnes ard to combine auiti uea lsi{[|intdi'ost irith professiolnal itility. Bit ?ieddoctor iar sttudious of litora'ygriades and "td picturesquo; an anecdoto, a'touch of man bers, a moral quaihuiction, or a souns ' githc was woo ato ta la prFefrred tba?.:e' sqo writttn tilhe IComiaurative PIarolo coptela" in versul The .rticle "Mummia,'! for instance, was already complete, though the remainder of the worl; had not progressed beoyond the letter A. It waso exceedingly copious and :entertaining, written with quaintness and color, exact, Crudite, a lit orary articlo; but it.wotld hardly have a forded guidanse to a practiciI p?hYeiChit ofa ta?]i?.? Thte feminn gEooel. stiiso 'id hlils'iif6 hlt?ild lhi- to point th:is oit With uricoim promising sincerity; for Sht' dictionary was dulyread- aloud to her, betwixt sleep and valiing, as it proceeded toward an inflaitoly. a. ttctiit cahtio?q?'nd thid dloctor pna I lit, i. t dote atethe subje'tot ifmnitijihes, aii edsi?; tl tes rese'tod ar lliiotinwiSth asperit.. Aftcr the middays meal aid a piopcr pr: rio: of digestion hae wialked sometimeslqlotl% so'tvtites aceumpt'anled by ?.vgan-t:uiqi t nmln m ttu would hadvo preferred any herdship rnt' lIcr than walk. Fhe wats, as I have said, a very busy per soa, continually occupied about imaterial colatolits and ready to dron nsleen over a isovelc the instoit aso waFs dietgtgld. Thit vasa the l cos csk` tionobld'ed as she nat'vr pnorsc pr gricoy diateamtirted ito tooiploieoxc 'wvhen she slept. On the contrary, lshe looked the very picture of luntuious anud appetizing case, and woke without a start to the perfect possession of lher fcultli?s. I anm afraid o oas genatly rn, anidnal, bui sho taes s vqery pice asimil tq bae abaiot FP this 1stay sho had Ittle to do eifh Jacndflri?i' bit ttie sympathy which had been established between them on the first night remained unbroken.o They held occasldnal conversations, mostlys on household matters. To the extreme dimsap pointment of the doctor;they occasionally, sallied off togother to that temple of doeblas ilug superstition, thle vrlllagochurch. fIadamo and lhe, both in their Sunday's best, drove twice a month to Fontalneblecau and re turned laden with purchases, and, in short, nlthoughl the doctor still continued to regard them as irreconcilably antipathetic, their re lation was as inltimate, friendly and confl dential as their natures sufofered. I fear, however, that in hler heartof hoeartra, madame kindly despised and pitiee the boey. She had no adniration for his class of vir tues; she liked a smart, polito, forward, roeguish sort of. boy, cap in hand, light" of foot, meeting tlhe eye; she liked volubility, charm, a little vice--the promise of a second Dr. Desproz. And it was hler indefensible belief theat Jean--iMio wasdull. "Poordear boy," she had said once, l"how sad it is that he should be so stupidl" She lad never re eented that remarkl, for lthe doctor lhad raged like aon wild bill, denouncing thle brutal blunt neos of her mind, bemoaning his own fate to he so uneqnally slated wttli an ass, and, what touched Anaseasio more nearly, menacinEg the table china by the fury of his gesticula tions. But she adhered silently to her opin fon; and when J'ean-Mario was sitting, stolid, blank, but not unhappy, over his unfinished taskls, she would snatch her opportunity in the doctor's absence, go over to him, put hler armns about his neck, lay her cheek to his, and cominunicate her symprithy with his distress. "lDo not mind," she would say; "I, too, am not atall clever, and I can assure you that it makes no difference in life." The doctor's view was naturally diffoient. That gentleman never wearied of the sound of his own voice, which was, tosay the truth, agreeable enough to hear. Ie now had a listener, who was not so cynically indifferent as Anastasole, and who someetimes put him on ti mettlo by the most relevant objections. ~sildcs, was heo not educating the boy? And rducation, philosophers are agreed, is the most philosophical of duties. Wthat can be more heavenly to poor manldnd than to have one's hobby grow into a duty to the statoe? Then, indeed, do the ways of life become ways of plensantness. eover had the dolctor seen reason to be more content with his en dowments. Philosophy flowed smoothly from his lips. He was ?o agilo a dialectician that he could trace his nonsense, whcen challcngced, back to some root in ense, and prove it to be a sort of flower upon his system. IIo slipped out of nntinomies like a fluh, and left his dis cipleo marveollg at thie rabbi's depth. Moreover, deep down in his hIceart the doc tor was disappointed with thle ill succ?as of hIis more formal education. A boy, chosen fly so acute an observer for his aptitudo, and guided along the path of learning by so phil osophio an instructor, was bound, by the nature of the ounlverse, to make a moro obvi ous and lastilig advance. eows Jean-Mario was slow in all thing-, impenetrablo in others; and his power of forgetting was fully on a level with his power to learn. Therefore, the doctor cherished his peripatetib lectures, to which the boy attended, which he gener ally appcered to enjoy, and by which he often profited. Many and many were the talks they had together; and health and moderation'proved the subject of thle doctor's divagations. To these he lovingly returned. "I lead you," he would say, "by the green pastures. My system, my beliefs, my medi cines,'aro resumed in one phrase-to avoid excess. Blessed nature, healthy, temperato natureo, abhors and exterminates excess. IHu man law, In this matter, imitates at a great distance herproiisions; and we ciust strive to supplement the efforts of the law, Yes, boy, rwe must be a law to oursolves and fori 5oup neighlbors-r-lex arnmta--rmcd, em phatict tyrannous law. If you see a crapu lous human rudn snuefing, dash himn from his boxl The judge, though in a way an admis sloht of disease, is less offensive to me thnq either the doctor or the priost Abovo all the doctor-tl!o doctor and the purulent trnsll aud, garbage of his piharmrcopmia Pure air-from thb neighborhood of a pinotun for 'thle sate of the turpentinoe--uc. adulterated wineo, and the reflections of an un.e 'sophisticented spirit in tile presence of the works of nature-these, my boy, are the best medical appliances and the best religious comforts. Devote youself to these. Harlt there are tie bells of Bourron (the wind is in the north, it will bhe fair)i, Ih clear. teid ~piryis ilia ioundl The nerves are harmon I:td and quieted; tshe mind attuned to silence; axid observe how easily and regularly beats the heartl Yaour une?lightened doctor would Ssme nothing in those sdnsatiolns; and yet you yourself perceivo they are a part of health. Did you remember your cinchona this morn ing? Good. Cinchoon also is a work of ej ture; itis after all, only theq'baitk bf a tfee whic o .omight'hgktiler for ourselves if we lived in the locality. What a world is thisl Though a professed atheist, I delight to bear my testimony to the world. Look at the gratuitous remedies and pleasures that sur round our pathl The river runs by tllo gay den end, our bath, osr ffish punil p~r. nuturoil pystegop~ trainaglT: Ther? is a mdll inl the touet which snods uip sparkli) g water I?rmi tho earth's very lhert, clean, cool and witl a little wine emo?t wholesomo. The dis. rio't is notorious for'its naltlbrity; iheuma flsm Is the only prevalent complaint, and I myself hate never had i touch of it. I tell you-and Iny oinion is based upon the cold < l. Cl?,s V p,?onesses of reason-if I, if you, -. irel i- *'avr this b-noe of pleasures h would be the duty, it won'd be his pr?iilego, of ouer ler freiend to prevent isc with a pistol bullet." SOlio libantitlful Juno day they sat upon the h :'lout sido the '-illagb. The river, as blue os heaven, shone lhero and there aesoug the fol: o o :Tlho indefratt!abltq tIt-b!: tr?ritd; lighoerld abot dr';" tt ehur'nh towen. "A ealtlthy ind blowfrGom over tbo foirest, anoc Stheosoindof innumerab!le thousands of tree tops and innuncmerablo minlions on millions of green leaves was abroad in the air, and filled the ear with something between whislpored speech and singing. It seemed as if every blade of grass must hide a cigale; and the fields rang merrily with their music, jingltee " far and near, na "vit81 I's ssi'$h bellst of t'li fairy queie, l ikdrn theirc tation on the slope thoedyo embraced a largo space of poplared plain upon the one hand, the waving hill tops of the forest on the n'hcr, acd Gretz it self in the middle, u handrul of roofs. Under thobestriding arch of the bluo heavens, thq place seemed dwin?led I to ty.' It' adeined icrtiddibld'lt?a'lo'ile di·?e-'lled, aihd could fnos rooin to turn or air fo breathe, in such a cor per of the world. The thqught ces homeni .to hitm bp, perinpl t'o the fuWt t ieo, and he gavs it sords, "eHowi small it Iools!V 1:o sigheod. 't"- E Ay," ropliod tihe doctor, "small enoulgh low. Yet it wase onc r wallnd city; thriv lng, full of furrcrd burgo-sse ane maen in els nm~r hllmm! ' Pr'ning?itia 'ifftits"--': il 'til? £pii's do'f?asigt t I knoLo 'c4 pertly- insrca ioiig the bnttlemictiY. A thousaond chim neys ceased snmoking at the curfew bell. 'IThere wero gibbets at the gate as thick as seirecrows. If timno of war, the assault swarmed against it with ladders, the nrrqcn fell like loaves, t-e der.cdler soalled "hqtly over'the li'tl'bridg?e pach sido uilttered itq cryi hs thy plied their bteeainsit-eelo P2 'tnow tnat dhi wnri otnen?? ed uis farr as thli Conuumnderic Tradition so reports. Alam whalt a long way olr is all thlis confusios nothing left of it but my quiet words slpokelr In your ear--anld the town itself shrunk tc thle lmnlet underneath us! By mid by cans the Euglish woers-you shall hear more of thi English, a stupid people, who sometimel blundered into good-and Gretz was tak;o sacked and burned. It is the history oi many towns; but Gretz never arose again; ii was never rebuilt; its ruins wereo a quarry tc serve the growth of rivals; and the stones ol Grotz are now erect along tie streets of No mours. It gratifles eno that our old houst was the first to rise after the calamity; whlen the teown had come to an end, it inaugurated the hamlet." "I, too, am glad of that," said Jeasn-Maria S"Itshould be tile temple of thie hIunble! virtues," responded thle doctor, with asavor3 gusto. "Perlhals one of tie reasoss lwhy I love Iny little hamlet as I ldo, is that woa haves a similar history, she aud I. "Have I told you that I was once richis" 5 "I do not thinkl so," answered Jenn-Marie. ,"I do not tlsink I should soar forgotten. I am sorry you should lasvo lost your fortuse.' I ' "Sorryl'? croied tihe doctor. "Why, Ifnud 1 have scarc begns your education after all. : Listen to me! osouhl you rather live in the oil 'Iretz or in tihe new, free from thle alarss o ;war, with tile greess cosuntry at the door. withoiut noise, passportso, tile exactionis of thil Isoldlioryp, or the janglo.of the curfew bell tI senid us off to bed by susdownte" 1"I sspposo I should prefer the nowa," re plied thle boy. ! "Precisely," returncd the doctor. "So dsc I. And, in tlhe same way, I prefer n3 present lmoderate fortuno to miy fornslc wealth. Golden mcdiocrity! cried the asdor blo ancicnts; and I subscribo to their esnthlu siasm. Have I not good wino, good foodt good air, tie fields and tlhe forest Ior mj walk, a hIouse, an admnirable -wife, a boJ "eshom I protest I cherish like a son? Now, ii ,I w-ro still rich, I should indubitably rsalks smy residence in Paris-you lsnow Paris Parins and paradise are not convertible termsa This pleasant noise of the wind streamling among leaves changed into thIe grildins babel of the street, the stupids glare of plaster :substituted for this qluiet pattern of grooms ansd grays, tlhe nerves shattered, theI dsliges tion falsified-pictura thie falli Alseady yot ! perceive the consequences; thle minid is stimsu lated, the heart steps to a different measure and the man is himself no longer. I have pasSionately studied myself- the true busi ness of philosophy. I know my character ?u the musician kinows thes ventages of lls flute. iShould I return to Paris I should riui my self gambling; nay, I go further-I should breakl the heart of my Anastasio with itfi delities." This was too much for Jean-Mario. Thai a place should so trainform ithe most excel lent of men transcended his belief. Paris, he protested, was evoi an agreeable place ol -residence. "Nor when I lived in that cit3 did I feel much difference," lie pleaded. "Whsltl" cried the doctor. "Did you nol steal when yaou were there]" SBut the boy could never be brought to set that he had done anythling wrong when hi stole. Nor, indeed, did the doctor think hie had; but that geslloman was never very scrupulous when in want of a-ratort. I "And nows," ihe concluded, "do you begin .to understand? -?y only frionds were those who ruinled me, Glstz has been my neal emy, my sanatorium, my heaven of insoconl pleasures. If millions aro offered mo I wtve them back: Ilretro, Sathanasl Evil one be gonal Fix your aminid on my example; do spiso riches, avoid the debasing inflaence pf cities. Hlygiene--hygiono and mlediqerily ol fortsun--these be yoar ?pytohwolds during lifeol" The doctor's system of hygiene striklngly coinidelsd with his tastes; and Isis picture ol a perfect life was a faithful description of thi e one he whs leading at thle time. Bit hs lt easy to convince a boy, 'whnml you supply witlk all the fapit 2o1 tile disoassion. lAnd btsidea theru was ?eo thing admirable in the philosophy, and that was the enthusiasm ol the phlilosoplier. There was never any one more vigorously detcrm!n d to be pleasesd andi i he was ,o1 a great logician, and s had no right to colvinco the intellect, he was certailly something of a poetl, and had a fascination to seduce the heart. What hlie could not achieve in his customary hiumsa of a radiant admiration of hsinself and his il. cumstances, he spmuetimses efotol in his tll of glous, ~"oy," he would say,' "avoid ms today. II. I weore superlstitious, I should even beg for an interest in your prayers. I amin the blaci fit; the evil spirit of KIilg Saul, the hul ti the merchantAbudah, tiko persogal icgio oa the medienal monk, is itl. ia-i? it ini .' tappingon o ig? 4r"eht. ." Thkavices o p- Rs, sql' l?s nowis. ipppmbost; innocent pleasurds spf9. pso in pptii; I long fosl Pla-is, for isy w'allowinEg i the mire. See," he continued, producing a handful of silver, "I denude nmyself, Itam not to be trusted with the price [f a fare. Take it, keep it for me, sqitandat it on deleterious candy, tlhriw e1 , fcWs? eoi est river-I yill h~, nlso?gptyur. aetion, gavs' Gs fl -t tl\a pdart of t nsblf wihich I (listh?in I you see Ise falter, do nobt healos tato; if n?oessIary, wreek thie trnlnl I spoalr, of eourse, by p parabl. Any eoxtremity were betterl' than for me to reach Pl'aris alive." Doubtless the doctor enjoyed these little scenes, ais a variation in Ilis part; they riepre sented tlho Byronic olemalent in the somlewhaf artificialpoetry of his exlstenco butto-the boy, though he was dilnlly sware of their thleatrcali"iu ihoy sopresented lore. Tile ioto? idriilo perhaps too little, the boy pos hibly too much, of the reality and gravity of these temptations. Ono dlay agreat light shone for Jeansa,, fsigs "Cosld noit riches be used well? he rske L t "?ii tellory1 ya.s 'spleliI thflodtoer. .'ftl Is $'fos'sd t enpcejaesa tslat no one does so, iF the io si-d imaigiso they will be excsep tio lall lwhen theygrow wealthy; but losses -sion is debasing, new desires sprinsg Upi; ald the silly taste for ostentation eats out the heart of pleasure." "Then you might be batter if you had lessm," said the ioy. "Certainly not," replied fit dotorl; but his voice qlplssygos as liatpoko. h l}sVhyi"'domlnaded pitiless innocence. Dr. Desprez saw all the colors of the raln bow in a umomuet; the stable universe ap peared to be about capsizing with him. "Ijec cause," said hle- affecting delilbratio'ip afre San obvious pause-."hecuulsso I bh?it fbrual pmy lifd for sIpy pr Sooto is'cbn e ' 1"t' is Io . go~~ ~fi :'ii'en oS smy yeals to he violeutly issavered from tkelhrabits." That wes i slia-'I brush. TIhe doctor btholed hard, and fell into taciturnity foa the atternoon. As for the boy, he was deic lighted with the resolution of his doubts; even wondered that lie had lnot foresegc- lii obvious and conclusive stswsee, lus lrash; in the doctor ?) ateh shi oae gsu.oog piesses ira ph i s quelned to bo so slot his 1111 wilids "ey aftelu" dsit!flf', eOspecially after lirine isilne, his favorite aeakniess. II( sould tlhen remark oa hie warmltl of his feeling for Anastaslc, and with iullamedl checks and a loose, flusteredl stile., d4iitrC Upon all sorts of tol.es, nls b4? 'gdbL[I aissi inidiscreetly iy. tL- iit tie adopted stable boy wlould'not per-nit hinlself to ltes-taii a iohbt thtst'savsarf of ilgr~ltitude, It is quitso t he tlhpip nsmin may be I seoasid father t" you, and yet tl;o too much to drinki;issJ TO DE CONTINUED, 