SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. In our yesterday's issuo wo gave tho views on the Sunday observance question of a minis- tor of each of tbe priocipal Protestant denomi- . nations, with tbe exception of the Congrega tional. To-day, thereforo, wo give a synopsis of a discourse- by tbe Rev. Dr. Roscby at the Marriclcvilic Congregational Church on Sunday. Tbo rev. gentleman took for his text Mark ii. 27— "The Sabbath was made for man." Tbe Sabbath, be said, was a rest day. That was its primary purpose. It was remarkable that uudcr tho Mosaic legislation there was no special worship afforded for the day. It was a day of rest. And all hnmao experience testi fied to the necessity of 6ucb a day. There was a rhythm in all thing?. And the monotony of work needs the rhythmical break; of reenr ring seasons of rest. And if such rest was needed in less busy centuries than ours it was tenfold moro necessary now. Tongues canuot always speak ; God, In this loud world of noise and clatter Gave us tills ouco-a-woek To let tbo sown seed grow— nor always scatter. ! Indeed, what this busy, over-hardened Ago of ours needs was another— an additional Sabbath. And be rejoiced that on nit bands tbero was a growing tendency to acquire another, Tbe Saturday half-holiday was becoming an estab lished institution. He believed in work, but with all that machinery bad douc to lighten humuu toil we ought all round to havo far less laborlons work to do. Thero would be fewer cases of brein-sof toning, of heart disease, of lung disease, of Bright'e disease, of those ever lasting nerve troubles aud less of that deadly "fillip" of strong drink to whip tho jaded onergio3 into unwholesome activity if we batter understood tho religious duty of rest. Yet our Christian Sunday was only maintained in the face of perpetual attempts to onuroach upon its rest. Aud nowhere, he wa9 sorry to say, in these coloniei were these oucroacbments more barefaced and moro serious in their effects upon our social and religious fife than in our own city. Now, let it bo well understood that everything which tended to the secularis ing of Sunday was directly hostile to the well- being of tbo rery class iu whosu interests this thing wns so often advocated— the interests of tho working-man. Tho open shop, the harbor excursion, tho " sacred and classical concert," all this meant hard wbrk for somebody. And no mistross was half so bard on those who watt upon her as pleasure was. " It is tho first Btep only which costs," as tbo French proverb had it. Those things gradually broko dowu the wholosomc Christian sentiment which preserved our Sunday, until at length we should find that wo had lost it. And did tbey imagine tbat the working-man would got seven days' wages for his seven days' work ? No't he. lie would get no moro for the work of seven days than be now got for six. The only argument for tho secularising of tho Suuday was tbo greed of » avarice. God knows how much it had already got within its grasp. For God's sake let us keep Sunday out of its clutcbuB. It was a very striking fact that the law of the Suu- duy, as expressed in its final, perfect and expanded form in tbo Intor book of Deuteroomy appeared as a law of human kindness. " That thy mail servant and thy maid servant may rest as well as thou./' And agaiu, " Remember that thou watt a servant .... therefore the Lord commandeth tbee to keep tbe Sabbath Day. Tbo law of tho Sabbath wan oue of those many aplendid Biblical protests on behalf of "equality and fraternity." Tbe rev. gentle man tlieu spoko of the uses of tbe Sunday as a day of devotion. It wa3. of course, in a sense, tt matter of form and ceremony. It was no doubt a somewhat exceptional feature of tbe New Testament system, as boing a matter of routine observance. But wise routiue was to human life what gravitation was to tho piuuetary system. Iu vain did astronomy try to imitate the punctuality of hc-.vcn's routiue. Habit was a thing largely dependent upon routino obsorvauce. The most spiritual religion, however exalted and refined, still needed for its expression aome corporate form. A spirit without a body was but a ghost. " No," said the preacher, " wo need the Chris tian congregation, these by wus of praise, this open Bible, this fellowship in acts of devotion, \Ve need these 'things, for thero is nothing ebe that will do their work. Aud because we need them we need also the rest andjsuuetity of our Christian Sunday." A general meeting of the Society of -St, Viu- cont de Paul was held ou Sunday afternoon in tho Catholic-hall, Priucos-atreet. Tho Very Rev. P. Le Hennetel, S.M., presided. Reports read from 12 out of id branches or conferences showed an income of about £1400 ; of this £1300 was expended on the poor without distinction of creed or country during last year. The very rev. chairman congratulated tho society on its continued succuss in the cause of charity. 