Legislative Assembly. Tuesday, 5th August, questions. j Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Mason, said that the average contract price per mile of the Great Southern Railway, now in course of con struction. was -£5,544. That figure was for the pwfl contract works only, and was exclusive of permanent- way materials, land, engineering, Station buildings, and miscellaneous work. Mr. DEAKIN, in reply to Mr. Trknwtth, 8 aid it was true that certain police watchhouse-keepers remained on duty for twenty-four hours continuously, but that Was done entirely of the constable's own accord. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Mason, fwuri that no estimate had been pre pared of the cost of the twelve miles between JStony Greek and Boolarra. The cost from Stony Greek to Mirboo, fourteen and a half miles, was'estimated at £137,981, or £9,717 per mile. The steepest gradient in the line from Stony Greek to Boolarra was 1ft. in 4i)ft. \- Mr. WRIXON, in answer to Mr. Stuabt, flald that together with his colleague, the Miwinter of Justice, he had thoroughly investi gated the Gutler cases, and as & result ol those Investigations tendered certain advice to the Crovemor-in-Gouncil, which had long ago been Beted upon. tttic ponds butter backing-cases. Dr. PEARSON said he wished to make a abatement with respect to a question asked by Mr. Stuart on the 16th June in regard to the Ponds butter-boxes. They had considered it advisable, after the Department of Agriculture had concluded that Mr. Ponds's rights were not invaded by the Government, that some out- aide authority should be called in to give' an opinion. They had therefore asked Sir. Cosmo Newbery . to investigate the circumstances of the case, and give his opinion on the matter. Mr. Newbery, after making full inquiries, had written to the department Stating that he could not find that the Depart ment of Agriculture had infringed Mr. Ponds's patent, aim no manufacturer of butter boxes or yaees in Victoria had done so. THE BUDGET DEBATE. A WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION. 1 On the motion for granting the first item of £1,675, Mr. MUNRO said he did not wish to say that this country was not in a healthy state financially, bat he regretted that that did not vppiy to the whole of the statements be- fnnQ tKn Anmmittoa Tkn ncfimotaa wrnro IITlH AT— estimated last year by £394,006, and over estimated in other directions by £211,171, making a total erroneous estimate of £605,177. Of the items that were under estimated, there were £21,000 on wines, £3,409 An tobacoo and snuff, £19,740 on cigars, £1,244 en sugar and molasses, £3,927 on coffee, chicory, eocoa, chocolate ; and other sums, making altogether a total of £50,410 in that class, and in the same class there had been £160,148 under- estimated; which, together with various other under-estimates, brought the amount up to £394,006. They had over-estimates of duty to the amount of £13,061, and £127,699 under-estimated in. the division. In the case of probate duties, he felt sore that the Treasurer was over-estimating that item in the present year in putting it at £350,000. Last year the probate duties linH been estimated at £240,000, and they actually amounted to £400,148, an excess of £160,148 on the estimate of the Treasurer. It was not, however, to be presumed that the came thing would happen this year, and the urt"n«te of £350,000 was too great a rise alto gether. It had been estimated last year that there would be a recoup of £25,000 from the Exhibition, yet only £12,000 had been received, or £13,000 less than was expected. He found on the present estimates a sum of £6,000 to be given to put the Exhibition- buildings _ and grounds in order, so that instead of receiving the £25,000, they had thus only got £6,000, and the rest had " gone bung." He had gone care- folly into the estimates during the last three or four years, and had come to the conclusion that the Treasurer's estimates were simply mere guess-work. The estimates of expenditure were ' simply a delusion. Last session a sum of £15,000 fiwd been placed on the estimales for certain buildings at Sandhurst, and the money was to be recouped from the sale of Kew and Yarra Bend Asylums. The Premier secured votes for the1 Bale of the lands mentioned, and than did not actually give the money gromised In that case the public offices of Sandhurst were to receive - £15,4)00, the Publio Library and National Museum £12,000 ; but they actually received nothing, and thus the revenue had gained. The Treasurer proposed now to pay off £420,000, which, under his former system, he (the Treasurer) would have carried forward. What was that £420,000 ? It was to meet an obligation which the Treasurer had irregularly incurred. They had had esti mates, additional estimates, aud further ad ditional estimates at the time, but that sum had not been authorised in any of them. He (Mr. Munro) had allowed the legal authority to be given to that item when it was before them, although he knew that it had been done in an irregular manner. The Railway Department spent £300,000 in excess of the estimates, aud he said that was not a proper estimate. With regard to the statements made by the Premier in his budget speech last year, he would refer hon. members to Hansard. On Page 774 the Premier was reported to have said : — 1 | The estimated railway income for the current financial year is £3, 10 .000. I may say that after careful consideration both the Railways Commis sioners and myself are of opinion that tiiis estimate is rather under than above the mark. It is estimated that after paying working expenses and interest there will be a balance to the credit of the consoli dated revenue. That was told to the House last year, but they all knew that when the supplementary esti mates came down those figures were found to be incorrect, and he feared it would be the same this year. (Hear, hear.) He had had a document forwarded to him by the Premier of the public account. He had looked very care fully through it, but could find no trace of the bonuses for agricultural purposes. When the Agricultural Bonuses Bill was passed it was on a motion of the Premier's as follows : — That it is expedient that an appropriation be made out of the consolidated revenue for the purpose of a Bill for promoting agricultural and other industries. On that question the following discussion followed. (Mr. Munro read from Hansard.) Mr. Gillies said that he was determined to ask Parliament to make this permanent appropriation, so that the vote should not lapse. That was in accord ance with a pledge made by the Government- at the beginning of the financial year. (Mr. MTatyre: ' The financial year does not end until the 30ta June. Why not deal with the matter when Parliament meets next Mayt") "Why not deal with it now? Mr. MTntyre: "Will the Treasurer say wher he lias the ghost of a shilling to appropriate.") The Government promised to ask Parliament to appropriate the money this year, and if the appropriation was not made now the promise would be a mere sham. It was on the understanding that the bonuses were taken out of the profits of the year that that Bill was passed, and he was sure that there was not a member of the House who was not of A.1 _ m /ITmam L nn « \ Thft lAllCA ufiQ CclLUv vplUlvll (Hvill j RvlW j Aliv and country had therefore been misled. (Hear, hear.) If they took the sum, £220,000, and deducted £11,000 as having been expended, he would like to know where the balance was. Hear, hear.) Another point was one that had been long discussed, and referred to the taking credit for money that had been paid away. If all the interest which was due and paid had been acknowledged, there would be a deficit of £449,753 in the revenue at the present time. (Hear, hear.) The railway expenditure in the past had been 68 per cent, of the income, and yet the estimate for the expenditure for the present year was 65 per cent. He did not see the use of bringing forward an estimate which was in correct, for it was contrary to common sense to assume that the working expenses of the rail ways would this year be less than the previous year. (Hear, hear.) That would mean an ad ditional expenditure of at least £125,000. At the end of the year there would be a deficit altogether of about a million. (Hear, hear.) In the interests not only of the people of Victoria,but of the creditors who had lent the colony such large sums of money, it was neces sary to show a correct balance-sheet — one that couiduot be challenged — and - he would there fore move — That the financial account submitted to this com mittee by the Treasurer is not reliable, and that he takes it back for correction and amendment-. Hear, hear.) He did not want to make the question a Government one. (Laughter. ) Mr. GILLIES said he could not accept the proposal. If the Government did not hold the confidence of the House it was only right that they should know it. It would be impossible for them to take back their estimates, and the proposal meant a want of confidence. He was 1 confident that Mr. Munro would be the very last to accept one of the kind himself were he member of a Cabinet. He (Mr. Gillies) had no hesitation in saying that the Government would not accept the proposal, but regarded the amendment as being a deliberate want of confidence motion. (Hear, hear.) The sooner tbey understood their position the better, and the Government were bound to take the usual course. He therefore moved that progress be reported. (Cheers, and a voice, " Take a vote now.") He did not want auy chance vote, but they should ascertain exactly how matters stood, and would take the usual course to test the feeling of the House. The Government ac cepted the challenge which had been thrown down. (Cheers.) Progress was then reported, and the House adjourned. Wednesday, August 6. On the House assembling at half-past 4 in the afternoon, Lt.-Colonel SMITH said he had been re quested to express the regret of the leader of the Opposition that he was unavoidably pre vented from being present that night. After considerable cross firing, in which the Chairman's ruling was questioned, and the Opposition tried to shelve the vote of confidence motion on a point of order, they were defeated on division. Mr. GILLIES said the hon. member for Geelong thought, judging from what he said, heWas addressing a number of ill-informed gentlemen on the question of the budget, other wise he would not have made such rash and in judicious statements when he started to make comparisons of the estimates at the beginning of this year and the receipts, and pointed out that some of the receipts exceeded the stimates, and others were below. The estimates of revenue was necessarily unreli able, because it was impossible to fore tell the exact amount they were going to receive within the next twelve months. He was very much surprised to hear the hon. member for Geelong speak as he had, although he had drawn the special attention of the com mittee to the increases and decreases in the estimates for the coming year, and mentioned in detail the various items in which these were reasonably supposed would occur. He took the Customs and pointed out that one or two items were very much under last year, and said thin was caused by certain differences which had taken place in the tariff, which had been much reduced. In the same way he had dealt with the excise and inland revenue, and meutioued that in the estates of deceased persons they had received a much larger sum in the past year than was originally esti mated..- Taking the year 1881 2, in the Gusto tns Department the estimated revenue was £1,516,000, while the receipts amounted to £1.474,000. They had received £39,000 above their estimates, and £71,000 below. In the. excise there was an increase of £56,000 and a decrease of £28,000, aud if hon. members would go through the whole of the accounts of that year they would find there were considerable sums both above and below the estimates. These differences occurred every year, aud the greater the sums were that were dealt with, the more varied were the iucreases and de creases. When they came to think of the large amounts involved, hon. members would see the differences were not unreasonable. He had also shown in detail where it was anticipated the increases or decreases would occur. In the Chief Secretary's Department, he pointed out, there would be a saving to the extent of £20,000, including that on the hospital lor the insane «nd a number of other small items. He had also showed how savings would be effected in the Treasurer's Department of £8,000 and in the Lands Department amount ing to £15,000. If he had not mentioned these things, then the charge might have been fairly brought against him? that he had not made a complete statement to the House. He had also referred to a large saving of £160,000 in the Publio Works Department, in buildings, roads, etc. The principal items where savings would be effected were in wharves and jetties, £23,000, £8,000 of which was for a removal of the reef at Yarra Falls ; police buildings. £4,000 ; for barracks at North Melbourne, gaols, etc., £170,000. Of that last item, £16,000 was with regard to the C Division at Peutridge. Lighthouses and lightships accounted for £8,300 ; sundry works at Melbourne, £9,000, £5,000 of which was for fencing the Parlia mentary Reserve ; post and telegraph stations, £11,000, £9,000 being for money order and savings bank offices ; Custom-house buildings, £6,800 ; State-school buildings, £16,000, £6,000 of which was for a training college. These items accounted altogether for about £132,000 out of the £160,000. What then became of the story about the saving being effected at the expense of the country districts. He asked hon. members whether such groundless state ments did Parliament or the country any good ? (Hear, hear.) There was another curious thing said. They were told it was very strange that it was made to appear on these estimates that there was an immense saving in this particular department of public works from what was estimated last year. The amount of expen diture estimated last year was £1,191,000, and the present £1,028,000, a Baving of £160,000, aud of this the very large sum of £132,000 was accounted for in the state ment he had just made. A more marvellous statement still was made, that there was a strange saving of expenditure on educational buildings something like £115.000. One would nave uiuugub rax. uiuuiu wuuiu o>i> ioooi« uaic glanced at the estimates to see why this reduc tion was made. It was simply that they could not pay for the same thing twice. They had this earn to spend which had previously been charged to loans. Statements of that kind were damaging, not only to the Government, as they were intended to he, but were highly unjust, and reflected back on those who made them. Hon. members should do nothing to destroy their credibility as to any statements they made, else people would lose confidence in them. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member had also very strongly denounced hirn for making advances to meet the deficiency in the railway revenue. He had committed the same sin in the previous year, but Mr. Munro had not accused him then. He challenged his conduct because he authorised the expenditure of the money without first obtaining the sanction of Parliament. He admitted this was true; but he had acted according to what he considered right, and he appealed to hon. members as to what would have been said had he adopted any other course, and had re fused the advances. He would like to refer to the subject of agricultural bonuses, on which the' hon. member intended to be very severe. If hou. members would recollect, what occurred was this:— The "Government intimated that they were prepared to propose large sums of money as grants to various agricultural people in the way of bonuses. These grants were to run over a period of five or six years, but if tbey were simply placed on the supplementary estimates the unexpended portion would lapse at the end of the financial year, and fresh votes be neces sary. The idea of the Government was to obviate the necessity of placing sums for the Bpecial appropriation on the estimates year after year. The money was earmarked by a special Act. It would be a most unwise policy to place the money in a box, and not allow it to be touched year after year. The idea of the Government was to pay from the amount what would be required each year, so that the balance was really saved, and was really an asset. Only some £10,000 of it had been expended, so that there remained some £220,000, and it appeared in the public account. If the Government had not adopted the course they did, they would be renewing the vote each year, and the passing of a Bill for the special appro priation made it safe for those who were working to obtain bonuses, as it would require an act of Parliament to undo it. It was absurd to say that the accounts were falsi fied, and the question was whether the money so set aside should be used for any other purpose, or locked up in a box without earning intArPst Tt TRTfLR 1TI tJlA nilWl/ o oonnut fln/l trao in the surplus. (Opposition laughter.) It should be borne in mind that all SDecial ap propriations were a first charge on the" revenue. The amount required this year from the sum referred to would be £42,000, and it would be drawn upon each year as necessary. It should be remembered that beyond a certain sum (£1,500,000) they received no interest, and the Government were, therefore, justified in making judicious advances from the appropriations. Another important question raised was that of the J uly interest. If they adopted the course pointed out by the leader of the Opposition, they could easily make th8 public balance appear a debit one. That could be done by treating the estimates of expenditure as too high and the 'revenue too low. Mr. Munro had stated that the railway expenditure had been underestimated by £125,000, but the estimates had been prepared by tike commis sioners, who ought to know what they were talking about. It should bs remembered that the older the lines became the better they paid, and the commissioners did not auticipate such a proportion of expenditure next year. With regard to the interest, the Government pro posed to calculate only what should be paid during the- financial year. It was a mis take to say that all the interest was earned by the 30th Jane, as it was not due until the 1st of J uly. It would never do to charge any year with eighteen months' interest, so as to show a debit balance where they should justly show a credit balance. It was 110 secret, however, that the leader of the Opposition was opposed to the additional endowment. The apparent idea was that taxes should be imposed, or the expenditure reduced. It would be difficult indeed to reduce the pro posed expenditure by half a million. This matter of interest was becoming a more serious question year by year. He was prepared to say that if a Treasurer had a sufficient balance to overtake the small amount to be eharged for the year, it would no doubt relieve the new year considerably if charged to the other. It was difficult to make a change unless the House i srovided the ways and means for the year. Mr. TURNER : Could you not have done it last year out of your big surplus ? Mr. GILLIES: That was quite possible, but the Government had heavy claims upon it. The amount expended on public works last year was unusual, and the public works expen diture this year was out of all to the usual expenditure. Upwards oE »iUJ,uw was a very large item. Mr. M'INTYRE said that it had been understood by hon. members that the amendment was ruled _ out of order, and they were to go on with the usual aehate. The Premier had not satisfied any hon. member in his explanation in regard to the £233,000 which was to be taken out of his surplusj and to be ear-marked for agricultural bonuses. This sum had been paid, and yet it stood as a part of the year's credit balance. The Premier had also said nothing about the £150.000 spent in wire-netting. There was an idea at home that the management of the finances was not what it should be. They had no better proof of that than the last loan. The Government made out that it was a great success, but in reality it was the greatest failure thev ever had. (H Oh, oh, aud laughter.) If the hon. the Trea surer had explained the true financial position last year, they would have got the money readily enough. He had a return showing the estimated receipts and ex penditure of 1889-90. By this he saw that in 1889-90 the total receipts and balance brought forward amounted to £10,814,630 ; for 1890-91, £9,718,971, showing a loss for this year of £1,095,659. The expenditure for 1889-90 under special appropriation actually paid was £2,444,252, aud the estimated amount under the -same head for 1890-91 was £2,306,853, j thereby showing an estimated expenditure less than last year of £137,399. In 1889-90, under votes, the total expenditure was £7,483,803, and the supplementary esti mates £420,828, making a total of £7,904,631. In 1890-91 the estimated expenditure under votes was £7,345,025, the estimated expenditure being less than last year by £559,606. They had, therefore, an estimate of receipts for 1890-91 equal to £1,095,659 less than our actual receipts for 1839-90, whilst the expenditure for 1890-91 was estimated at £697,065 Lss than the total expenditure for 1889-90. The Treasurer carried forward a balance of £465,747, being £231,258 less than the reduced expenditure of this year as com pared with last. If this were not enough to give him his balance, he stated that he had sundry small savings amounting to the iusigni- cantsumoi £763,000. This last item should gain him £292,253 more than the balance he DrOuflv lorwaiu to iu</Uvi> luc poupitj v iiv were most affected by the retrenchments were the country people, as the shires could not hope to participate in the municipal vote to any extent. The money that had been paid away for bonuses on exported butter should have been referred to by the Treasurer. (Hear, hear). The butter, when it arrived in Eng land, was sold from 9d. to Is. per lb.; whilst butter here was fetching 3s. per lb. A bonus of 3d. per lb. was paid on that butter, which would have been more sensibly expended in providing cool storage sheds, when the articles could have been stored for our own consump tion. (Hear, hear.) The time having arrived when private members' business cauie on, progress was re ported. Mi. GILLIES moved the adjournment of the House. Lt.-CoIouel SMITH objected to the adjourn ment, and considered it most un j ust the way private members' business was shelved from week to week. After much desultory debate, a division was taken on the motion, with the following re sult :— Ayes, 44 ; noes, 28 ; majority for the ayes, 16. 