rones of the week. Mr. Monro, M.L. A., is being shepherded like a queen bee by the members of the Opposition, who are aware that except onder his leader ship they have scanty hopes of ever getting back to office. The coalition dating from 1S63 has given us a continuous Government, vhich owes its continuoosness largely to the circumstance that no satisfactory materials for forming a new Government have been left on the Opposition side of the Honse. There is an Opposition,but it is an Opposition consckras of being too much of the rag-tag and bob-tail order to dare ask for public trash Its aim during the last two or three years has been to acquire a character for respectability—to get nodded to, so to speak, on the well- dressed Bide of Collins-street. How different were tbe principles ruling 10 or 12 years ago, when certain Ministers boasted that but for politics they would have no visible means of support; The first move towards bettering itself taken by the Opposition was the choos ing of Mr. Monro as leader — Mr. Munro, the financier ; Mr. Munro, whose name looks well on a big prospectus ; Mr. Munro, who moves among bankers, and whose " interests" are supposed to be so great that he cannot allow his name to be connected with any political Bchemes that are not of the first order of merit. Mr. Munro has undoubtedly played the role ex pected of him with great tact. He fa surprised everybody by bis quietness—by his avoidance of exciting topics—and by his firmness in preventing bis followers from making untimely attacks on tbe Government, merely to keep their hand in. In short, Mr. Munro has done wonders, and the regiment that Falstaff refused to lead through Coventry seems to be rapidly qualifying itself for a parade in Hyde-park. Daring the recess now drawing to a close, Mr. Munro baB been in England, and in his absence bis party have behaved themselves with great discretion, to let him see that, like converts to the Salvation Army, they have quite reformed. Mr. Woods spends his days and nights at Spencer-street, sitting at the feet'of Mr. Speight, learning we do not know what. He may be training himself for a com missionership (alarming prospect), or merely putting in time that hangs heavy on the bands of a politician who, like the boy home from school, has been forbidden to play any of his usual1 games, in consequence of their being noisy.: Mr. Monro's docile followers are thoroughly! assured that their only chance of being; taken into office lies in their acting with decorum, and the affectionate, yet sub-; dued manner in which they gathered round him on Tuesday ought to be verypIeasing,not. to say flattering to him. And Mr. Munro showed what a tactician he has become by limiting himself to, safe topics, such as the necessity ot lessening the cable charges, and of proceeding at once with tbe metropolitan drainage scheme, as English people have got it in into their heads that Melbourne is the home of typhoid, tod to be shunned a«.'cmfl inttly. Parliament, after this, wilT hardly dare to hand Mr. Mansergh'a report, when it arrivcB, to one of the drowsy departments ol the public service. Mr. Sbiela's divorce act bavins received the Royal asaent, will there be that ruah to take advantage of it by lax persona which the journals and speakers in opposition have been dolorously warning as to expect, or will the fact tbat divorce is now made somewhat easy, where substantial grounds for dis solving marriage exist, have a salutary effect on the behavionr of persons who have been presuming hitherto on the license which the law has permitted them to avail themselves of without risk? It iB just as likely that we shall hear IeB8 fre quently of domestic brutality as that we shall witness any large and immediate increase in the number of divorce suits. Neither the injured wife nor the wrong-doing husband (or vice versa) can be eager to face the ex posure of domestic secrets, or want to have the public or still less friends informed bow they qnarrelled over that trifle, or what either Baid when they fell ont over that act oi indiscretion. For when husband and wife go to law,- they do know that neither will spare the other, or keep anything back. What the new act will do will be to enable the courts to afford relief which they at present see the necessity of administering, but have not authority to give. The principal support rendered to Mr. Shiels was by jndges, who quoted facts that had come ont in actual trials, not the evidence of persons who were moving behind the scenes tor the redress of unmatured grievances. Even if there should be a slight increase in the number of Buits at first, we have no fear whatever of the ratio of divorces to marriages becoming to I large to be comforting to those I who take a happy view of domestic life. We may anticipate more guarded behavionr under the domestic root The new act, in the first place, cheapens the cost of bringing a suit, and trials will take place in the districts in which the parties reside instead of in Melbourne only, which will save an im mense deal in witnesses' expenses alone. Authority is given to the judge to hear the case in private if he thinks fit, but it is one which will, and should be, sparingly exer cised—not tbat we think the evidence in divorce suits wholesome reading, but be cause it is important to guard against lying and collusion. In regard to the new causes for divorce, they are, speaking generally, only such as at present enable the courts to sentence man and wife to live in solitariness till one dies—a sentence that leads to immorality in many cases, making two bad people where there was only one before. Adultery on the part of the husband is now a sufficient cause for affording relief to the wife, aB it has hitherto been a sufficient cause, by itself, on the part of the wife, for affording relief to the husband, only the adultery of the husband has to be of an aggravated character before the Court can pronounce a decree. A provision ^ that appears just isone providing for diBSoIntionof the marriage where either party has become a felon ot three years' standing. The husband of a decent woman, and the father of orderly children, Bbould properly forfeit hiB domestic rights on devoting himself to crime For the of the children, mnch more than the wite, the authority of the felon Bbould be put an end to, and the taint surrounding him permanently excluded. Yet this part oi the act is likely to be less taken advantageof than any other, and a good woman will stick to a bad husband so long as there iB any hope of his reforming. In few cases will applica tions for divorce be grounded on the first con viction, nnless the evildoer is discovered to have been a life-long scoundrel—a Jim the Penman or a Pearcelong in being fonnd ont. Some difficulty may be experienced in determining what measure of habitual drunkenness, coupled with neglect of duty, during a period of three years should induce the courts to dissolve marriage, but it may be depended upon that only the wife of I an incorrigible husband or the husband of an incorrigible wife will ask to have the marriage tie sundered under the provision which specifies habitual drunkenness as a cause for divorce. We expect a great deal of good to come from the act, not in putting an end to numerous .ill-assorted marriages, but in com pelling the parties to ill- aBSorted marriages to be more self-controlled than they have con descended to be hitherto. Many husbands and many wives have presumed very largely on the helplessness of the other party to the contract. The Shiels Act may consequently be expected to heighten rather than diminish the respect which the citizen, who cares for the opinion of those around, knows that he ought to show for the most Bolemn of civil con tracts. When the new railway time-tableB were brought into force on the 1st of April last, the traffic department, as is shown by the state of things now obtaining at Spencer street, hit upon the right idea for awakening the public to the urgent need of bnilding a proper terminus. The work is one which now will admit of no delay.' There has always seemed to have been a want of high intelligence in the management of pasBenger traffic on the Victorian lines, but this last move proves the tdepartment to possess far more smartness than it has been credited with ont of doors. The departure of the in tercolonial express trains has been so arranged as to bring vividly home to some 800 to 800 persons every afternoon the desperate lack of platform accommodationJX Spencer-street. By multiplying this number of travellers by the number of days in the week or month on which expresses leave for Sydney and Adelaide, anyone of a calculating turn of mind will see that but a short space oi time can be requited to create a strong public opinion right through ^u|jirfcija in favour of erecting a new station, ah opinion which .will overwhelm the Victorian Parlla meat, and drive a vote of money through the Estimates as a ship running down her saating ia driven before a westerly gale. The oflicer who draws up the time-tables and determines the platforms from which trains shall leave has thought oE the excellent plan of sending off the Adelaide express 15 minutes before the Sydney express (formerly they were an hour apart), and of keeping the im patient Sydney passengers waiting, with their luggage, outside the gates until the Adelaide train has left When, as happens not unfre quently, the Adelaide train is five or ten minutes late in leaving, the excitement and impatience outside the barrier are charming to witness, but painful to share. The too punctual people—ladies particularly—who, when going a long journey, make it their business to be at the station half an hour be fore-hand to buy their tickets before the crush comes, and seat themselves comfort ably in the carriage, now find that the earlier they arrive the more they have to endure. 1'hcy either find the booking-office closed or a crowd belonging to other trains before it, and tbey are not permitted on any pretence to pass the barriers until all tbe trains pre ceding their own have been filled np and de spatched. The platform, outside the bar riers, is in a continual state of block from about half-past 3 until half-past 5, all in consequence of the traffic department start ing—or rather pretending to start—four or five expresses (two of them intercolonial) at intervals of 15 minutes from tbe same plat form. Will the travelling public be able to hold out until the middle of the session? Human beings can stand an immense deal of wear and tear, and probably they will; but it is open to question whether such artful measures for making an impression in Parlia ment are strictly legitimate. The Post-offiee tower having been com pleted, the clock put in, and tbe tunes selected that the bells are to play, it is pro voking to discover that between them the Postal and Public Works departments have no workable plan for illuminating tbe dials. Mr. Derham evidently meant that the new clock should testify for all time that there once was in Victoria a Postmaster-General of large ideas and aesthetic taste. The old clock was all very well in its way—readable at night, by good eyes, from the top end of Bourke-Btreet but no further, and its chimes, though distinct, very prosaic. A public clock worthy of the name should both tell the time and familiarise the public ear with good tunes. One often hears it said in dis paragement of someone's capacity for criticising music that he does not recognise "God Save the Queen" when be hears it played. Now, Mr. Derbam has arranged for the playing of 20 popular tunes day after day the whole year round, and if any citizen of Melbonrne hereafter breaks down in an attempt to name a well known air without the aid of the programme, the fault will be entirely his own, not Mr. Derham's. In regard to the illumination, how many miles off the dial was to be Been by night is not said, bat the design haB mis carried through the Postmaster- General at tempting too much. About 20 years ago the old clock was sometimes mistaken by people out too late on a foggy night for the moon; and Mr. Derham appears to have intended making the dial so bright that the moon wonld be dim alongside of it. But, now that the clock is in position and ready for duty, the electricians come down from their ladders reporting that they can find no place for fixing their lamps to it. At that midnight scene in Kirk Alloway— " Coffins stood round like open presses, That showed the dead in their last dresses; and by some devilish cantrip wit, Each cauid band held up a light." The electricians blame the Public Works department for stupidly omitting to provide standingplaces for ghosts or hanging places for incandescent globes. The usual and simple way of lighting up a dock is to have trans parent dials, and place lamps behind them ; but the Post-office can neither be lit from without nor within. There is a noticeable contrast between the buzzing perplexity of the electricians, who are dying round the clock, trying every kind of experiment^ and the calm stolidity of the Public Works officials, who, from the pavement below, not merely negative every suggestion that is screamed down to them from above, but eay that it would be waste of money to illuminate the clock at all, as the Post-office tower cannot be seen over the tall buildings surrounding it. It naval and military court martials seem to be conducted on very antiquated principles,it should be remembered that they areso me thing We are unused to in these colonies, and use is everything ; also that, on board of ships of war or in the navy, disobedience of orders is regarded as worse than stealing, and nearly as bad as killing. The custom of compelling the accused to put in writing all the ques tions he desires to ask is an effectual bar to proper cross-examination, but anyone can perceive that it was instituted as a check upon the asking of improper or impudent questions, and not to burke the truth. And if the custom is had, and uusuited to these modern times, the power of amending it is vested, not in the captains sitting in Sydney, but m the Lords of the Admiralty in Eng land, who would dismiss any officers at tempting to Bet np a new code of procedure without their authority. The chief fault to be found with the Egeria inquiry is that the court was somewhat expeditious in making its award ip the first two cases ; had it waited until all. the charges had 'been in quired Into ft would have had a better idea, of the situation, and might have passed sentences on the petty officers bearing more reasonable proportion to the sentences passed on the men. The offence proved against the petty officers was failing to bring aft the men wbodisre garded the catt II fhe disregarding of the call oniydeeerved a sentence of a few months* imprisonment, falling to make them regard: it irir semely punish with sentences of 1 five years' and two years' imprisonment. The rule or discipline on board of the Egeria was shown by the admissions of officers to be not quite what it should have been. The crew ought not to have had it in their power to complain of an absence of routine; and there was undeniable appearance of mar tinetisui in creating work in port on a day like Good Friday, which is the seaman's holiday, and which the Egeria's men were making the most ol by singiug songs in the forecastle, which none of the lieutenants thought irre gular or worthy of remark. Neither can wil ful slowness in answering the call of duty be dignified with the name of " mutinying" when two officiers thought so little of it as to go ashore to amuse themselves, while Lieu tenant Eelby was to their knowledge having his authority set at naught. If Lieutenant Helby and the court-martial thought the dis regard shown, to his piping a very grave of fence, evidently a different opinion was formed of it by the junior lieutenants, and perhaps ateo by the men themselves. One thing which makes it impossible to sym pathise with the strikers iB the purposeless ness and foolishness of the course they took. Refusing to fall in was a silly way of protest ing, if they had a grievance to ventilate, and to be construed only as an open defiance to authority. The march of ideas is shown by the extra ordinary proceedings which the union shearers propose to take in Queensland to prevent the shipment of Jondaryan wool from Brisbane to London. Had an audacions boycott of this sort been tried on a few years ago the contrivers of it would have been prosecuted —as they could be prosecuted now—for con spiracy, for boycotting is a criminal offence everywhere in British-speaking communities. But the bosses of the Shearers' Union know that in these days of limp Governments they may go to any length they please with im punity. Thingsbavecome toaremarkablepass when the owner ot a flock of Bheep is denied the right to employ whom he pleaseB to shear them, and when it is declared to be unlawful for men to take work unless they have parted with their independence to the extent of joining a union. The merita of the dis pute between Messrs. Kent and Wien holt and the Shearers' Union are unknown to us. AH the public at present are aware of is that the firm, as they had absolute right to do, engaged the shearers that suited them beBt, and that the anion Buffered defeat in that part of Darling Downs for one season at least. If the union had all the best of the argument, if, as the authors of the manifesto say, the Queensland squatters as a body employed anion men and accepted union terms, and if union terms are fair terms, it is manifest that the proprietors \ of Jondaryan will not find it profitable to fight the contest single-handed, and there fore the nnion has only to be patient and orderly in order to win. Ita tactics last year must have been bad, and it should provide better tactics for thia year. But the boycott ing it proposes is a vicious proposal. Who knowa where the evil thus begun will stop ? It is like the letting out of water. If one set of men, because they have suffered temporary defeat, may lawfully conspire with their frienda and supporters to ruin the business of persons whom they have talien out with, will not the practice become general t Boycotting ia Portuguese revenge, the hasty respurce of weak people. There iB plenty of scope for fighting in the open. If the British-India Company gives way to the Shearers' Union, may not those who suffer through its timidity revenge themselves by attacking the company in its vulnerable place? The wharf labourers are to refuse to load the British-India vessels in Brisbane or discbarge them in London if they accept Jondaryan wool as cargo. Is not each a mandate ae absurd as it shonld be im practicable to carry out? The whole trade of Queensland is to be brought to a stand-still because the proprietors of Jondaryao, last shearing season, chose to exercise their un doubted right to shear their own sheep in their own way. We admit die " highness of the motives" actuating the anion, but the doctrine " that the end justifies the means " is now universally condemned as immoral and opposed to the good government of the world. For " cheekiness " there has been nothing published for a long time to equal the letter addressed by tbe officer who is arranging the details of the big strike preparing in Queens land to the Chief Secretary of that colony. It is an intimation that during the coming straggle the Government will be expected to close its eyes. In the first place, tbe "general secretary of the Australian Labour Federation " desires that there shall be no "display of that police or military force which by its mere presence causes riot and' bloodshed." This is really good, ascribing the rioting and bloodshed which ensue from tbe deliberate attempts of a mob to exercise ; coercion over helpless individaalstto thepolice who stand by to see that 200 or 300 violent men do not frighten the life ont oF one weak one—chivying bim, for example, through tbe town until he is nearly scared to death, as' was done at Newcastle during the coal strike. There would of course be no chivying if there were no police present, Bimply became the mob would be in complete possession of the ground, and the laws for the pro tection of individual liberty would be suspended. The Government, in the next place, is told to take steps to prevent justices of the peace who are employers of labour from sitting oh tbe Bench—" an outrageous and scandalous custom." Obviously the general secretary contemplates creating a good deal of work for the magistrates' courts during the campaign, notwithstanding tbe "peaceful and orderly manner " in which it is to be conducted. ' The coolness which he exhibits in thus preparing the Chief Secre tary lor an outburst of criminal or quasi criminat disturbances would be amusing if; it were not likewise very serious. If tbe men who ace to be drawn or driven into the etrike I throughout Queensland on the receipt of a telegram from Brisbane to "down tools" intend behaving themselves with composure and discretion, how can it matter to them who sits on the Bench ? And when the general secretary, in anticipation of what is going to happen, protests "emphatically and distinctly against any interference of the common Government of our country on behalf of any section of the com munity engaged in a purely industrial struggle with another section," it must be pointed out that the Govenment never does interfere except to prevent violent, law less men from breaking the peace, or tram pling upon the rights of others not so numeri cally strong as themselves. There is one place in which the reading of the general secretary's warning letter would provoke great applause, and the only emendations which would be suggested would be that the police should be disbanded altogether, and j courts ot every kind closed for ever. It never enters into the bead of the working man himself to make such suggestions. He oweB them to the ingenuity of persons who do no work, but lead an easy and agreeable life by boBsing thousands of those who do, and in contriving tribulations for them to go through. There seem to be doubts as to whether the law authorities in Adelaide, in arresting the clerks who were selling tickets for the big art union, were moved by a genuine desire to stop a huge gambling scheme or merely playing a dramatic part For a number of youths were suddenly pounced upon, whom nobody suspects of an intention to ran away, and the police magistrate before whom they were brought has adjourned the cases for a month, letting the defendants out npon trifling bail. Would not summonses have done just as well, and might not action have been taken earlier ? A notice from the Crown solicitor to the company at the outset that its proposals were illegal woald have been more businesslike, but the promoters were allowed to advertise their scheme far and wide, and to dispose of a large number of shares, before any movement was made by the Government All lotteries are presumed to be illegal, but if the object for which they are got up ia "charitable " or "benevolent," the Government gives permission to their being held; and the one under notice cer tainly has claims to be considered both cha ritable and benevolent, ior it has been pro moted for the generous purpose of buying the assets of the Commercial Bank of Adelaide at their full nominal value, and relieving the un fortunate shareholders in that badly-inanaged institution from the pressure of a call, which many, if not all of them, are quite unable to meek Every one who bays tickets ia the lottery will be doing the partially-rained shareholders a good turn, for in the present state of the market the assets they have to sell—real properties—are a drug, and must be parted with, if the sale U forced, at a 'terrible sacrifice. Notwithstanding all this, however, it must be admitted that land lotteries, like other lotteries, are pure gambling, and that if one set of unlucky investors are allowed to take resort to it, there are hundreds and thousands of men who will want to follow suit upon just as good grounds. In a month's time the papers woald be crowded with prospectuses for dis posing of ptoperty by lottery, and the com munity, with one accord, would take to gambling. The mischief which has fallen upon the Commercial shareholders has re sulted from their own neglect. They did not look after the directors whom they entrusted with the management ot their money. Mis fortune came upon them because they trusted too blindly, or were in too great haste to become rich by speculation. Hundreds of individuals are patiently bearing misfortunes as great as theiro, brought about much in the same way, as is testified by the universal depression which the colony in which the lottery has been got up has been suffering from for the last seven or eight years. To relieve the unfortunate by sanctioning pub lic gambling would be making things worse instead of better, for almost every man you met in the Btreet would claim the benefit of the new system of white-washing. The action of the South Australian Go vernment in stopping the Commercial Bank lottery in Adelaide suggests the pertinent query whether Governments which have given their sanction to the holding of parti cular lotteries ought not to Bee that the lotteries thus sanctioned are duly brought off. For the last eight or nine years purchasers of shares in the Bungaree Estate Lottery in this colony have been inquiring when the drawing will take place, and they get no reply. There does not appear to be any one who will take notice oi their questions. For several years we were receiving letters almost every other week from aU parts ot Australia from the back blocks of New South Wales, from mining townships in Carpentaria, and from the far north-west—from impatient ticket-holders, bat now they come to ua only now and then. Most of the subscribers have no doubt given op hope, or written off the investment as lost money. What baa become of the proceeds of the tickets sold ? At least £5,000 had been collected five years ago out of the £10,000 required. Where is it? lTim it been employed to pay off the mortgage op the estate, or deposited in a bank, in order that the promoter may live ppon the interest? Does the property still cziBt, or has it been parted with? Will any steps ever be taken to bring off the drawing for the benefit of the confiding ticket-holders, or most they one and all contentedly say good-bye to the pounds they subscribed ? The Crown Law depart ment, though it gives its sanction to the holding of lotteries, disclaims all respon sibility. Persons who have inquired what tbeyeboPld do have been advised to call a meeting, of ticket-holders, but the ticket holders art dispersed all over the continent, and no one is In possession of a list of their hames and addresses. It seems to us to be the doty of the Government to maintain some kind of supervision over lotteries when it allows tbtm to be promoted. Ought hot Mr. Wrixon to make inquiry, and if he finds that the facts justify it bring in a short bill enabling the Government to claim the ens tody of moneys subscribed for lotteries which have never been drawn? His predecessor, Mr. Vale, sanctioned the Dungaree Estate Lottery in 18S1, and it is time that something tangible resulted from the speculation. Of course, this case furnishes a strong reason why no land lotteries should be allowed at all, and justifies the stopping of the Commer cial scheme in Adelaide, not because it in itself is a dubious one, but because dubious ones would at once follow in its wake. The Commercial Bank lottery would be Biire to come off if sanctioned, but who would under take to say us much for every lottery placed before susceptible buyers? According to the Treasury returns of New Zealand, it seems that when Parliament meets Sir Harry Atkinson will be able to announce the very satisfactory enrplue of £115,000. This will enable him to extinguish the floating debt left by the last Stont-Vogel Administration, and will still leave £37,000 to be carried to the credit of the following year. When we remember that this result has been achieved, not by borrowing or any other adventitious aid, bnt solely by economy and the revival of trade, it mnst be taken as a proof of tbe magnificent recuperative power which New Zealand possesses. Tbe prosperity has taken tbe right form, of a marvellous increase in prbduction. Since the Bank of New Zealand wrote off a portion of the value of the securities which it held an enormoas impetus has been given to sgricnlture. Daring tbe past 12 months the exports, prin cipally drawn from tbe soil, have been in creased by the nnprecedented sum of a mil lion and a half. This has, of coarse, led to & very large increase in the railway traffic. The result of carrying the extra produce from the farming conntry to the ebipping ports is seen in the striking fact that the net profit on the railways is now £3 2a. fid. per cent., whereas a year ago it was only £2 121. per cent. An increase of 10s. per cent in a year is most noteworthy, and if the traffic can only be maintained, a number of practical reforms being simultaneously provided, tbe New Zealand railway system will soon pay tbe interest the capital required for its construction, shd the ordinary taxpayer will be relieved from what has hitherto been the burden of providing oat of the general revenue for a deficiency in the railway returns. The corions thing in tbe present position of New Zealand is the fact that the exports exceed tbe imports by no lees than 3£ millions in value. At first sight one is inclined to ask why the price of the frozen meat and wheat and oats, that have been sent away in large quantities, has not come back to the colony in the shape of imports. The answer mnet be that tbe money has been used to pay arrears, and to meet the capital formerly ad vanced that has now been called in, and generally to eet the financial accounts of New Zealand right after the depression. When this is done the fnll value of the exports will necessarily be returned to the porta of the colony. And New Zealand is preparing a splendid and permanent purchasing power, drawn not from loans, bat from the resources of tbe soil, which cannot possibly fail. In few parts of the world has English influence,exerted in a quiet and unpretending manner, been more beneficial than on the ehorea of the Persian Gnlf. An excellent account of England's position in this quarter of the globe is given in the valuable series of articles on Persia which have lately been appearing in The Timet, and are understood to be from the pen of the Hon. George Curzon, a young member of Parliament of great pro mise, who has qualified himself for dealing with Eastern snbjectB by making a journey through Western and Central Asia and writ ing a book on the position and prospects of Iln8sia in Turkestan. The shores of the gulf are inhabited by fonr main races, the Persians, the Persianised Arabs, the indepen dent Arabs, and the Turks, who hate one another with an exceeding bitter hatred, and can only be prevented from dying at one another's throats by an external controlling power. Early in the present century these waters were swept and their shores ravaged by Arab corsairs, eiave-hnnting was a flourishing occupation, and there was no security tor trade or indnstry. All this is changed, and at the present time the British Resident at Bushire is the umpire to whom everyone appeals, and who has been entrusted by treaty with tbe duty of preserving the peace on the seas, Not a week passes but disputes are referred to bis arbitration by Per sians or Arabs, and Colonel Ross, who has filled this office for nearly 20 years, may well be entitled tbe un crowned king of the Persian Gulf. It is a remarkable spectacle, and all tbe more remarkable from tbe fact that It has been brought about by very little exercise or dis play of force. A few gunboats have occasionally been nsed, and one or move are always at tbe disposal of the British Resident, but that is all So quietly it the whole thing managed thst tbe outside world is scarcely aware that what is practically a British protectorate has been established bvet the Persian Chtlf and its shores. Tbe benefits It confers on the populations of this region can hardly be over-estimated, and as Mr. Corson remarks,"it is do exaggeration to say that tbe lives and properties ol hundreds of thonsands of human beings are secured by this British protectorate of the' Persian Gulf, and that were it either with drawn or destroyed, both eea and shores - would relapse into the anarchical chaos from which they have so laboriously been, reclaimed." Arid yet Great Britain does not, own a yard of spit or draw a single penny, of revenue in the gelf. It wcmld to difficult to find anywhere a moire remarkable Instance of tbe ascendancy exercised by a strong and jut - power over a semi-barbaric population com posed of discordant and jarring elements 