THH TRAVELLER. OXFORD AND ITS SURR0UNDiNG3. Bt Our Thayelling Correspondent. J Tlio University of Oxford hai been in exist ence for nearly 1000 years, aud for mora than half -that period it has been the ecntro of the intoUeotual life of the British Empire. It has been the birthplace of all the movements of tho lost four centurioo from tho days of tho Lollards down to thoso of . East End sentiments nnd Toynbee Hall. The present tono of tho uni versity is,' os I havo said on a pre vious occasion, 'liberal and radical to a degree, and, tho. majority of the under graduates and eveu of tho younger dons would bs prepared to view with complacency tho most heroic experiments in the way of Democratic Socialism. ! But a very short residence at Oxford has impressed me with a very remark able fact. .It- might, bo expeoted that the existence in their midst of a university nnd a largo body of diligent scholars and loarncd pro fessors would have produced a certain effpet, upon the citizens of Oxford nnd the dwollera in tho surrounding country. But tho effect,- if there be one at all, i3 tho very opposite of what might reasonably be expeoted. In no portion of 'tbo Empire is the distinction— not conven tional, but real— of oioss and caste more remark able. Wliila the gownsman is amongst the most learned, the most courteous and tlio most polished pf-liiB generation, tho townsman, whether he bo shdpkecpcr. artisan or scout, is the most Boeotian of Ba-otains. I havo rarely met more unpleasant persons than tho majority of tho Oxford trades-' men, ' and I should imagine that as a class they possets far/less bulturo and refinement, than is to, bp found amongst their fellows in any, other part .of the; Empire. And certainly for. crass stupidity the Oxfordshire peasant is not ex- ceilod by any other peasant in any part of , the world. An adventure which occurred to me a few days, ago may have gone somo, way towards forming my opinion. ; I hired a dogcart in order to drivo over to Woodstook with' the intention of going-over tho Park and Palace of Blenheim. , Arrived there my companion and I spent some houis in sightseeing, and after a light but very satisfaotoiy dinner at the Bear Inn started to go' home.' Tho dog cart was brought to the door; wo jumped in and drove off. I, had not paid much attention to . the appoaranco of tho horso whioh. I had driven over from Oxford, but. I ' could not help remarking that while' driving tho journey from that city towards Woodstock ho had required aniocoasional touch of tho whip in ordorto stiinuiato his flagging onorgics. Ho went very freely during tho journoy'hoincwards, and only required to bo ltopt well in hand. I at first attributed his change of pace to his knowledge that he was on hie way to the stable, but whon I arrived at my destination tho groom, with a knowing wink, informed me that I had brought back a much, better horso than I had started .with, aud tilio proved to be the case. Tho hostler of- the Bear at Woodstock had I "swopped" horses. Tho nags took there wore driven away by a commercial traveller, who, like mysolf, had hired to Stowiii-thc-Wold, and it. was two days beforo tho mistake was remedied, ond tho missing horses restored to their discousolato stables. I recollect reading in the odes of Peter l'indar tbo younger of a gentleman who liirod ft nag at tbo : livery stable, returned him toanotherand knew nothing whatever about thccbango until somctimcaftcr- wards, when bo received two bills, one for the six weeks' biro of a grey marc and the other for the six weeks' keep of ditto. I was more lucky than the man whom tbo Georgian poet described, but the muddle mado by tbo Oxonian hostler cost . me a couple of sovorcigns, and my only asset in return was tho advice of an Oxford lawyer to sue mine host of the Bear, ut Woodstock, for tho money whioh had boon extracted from my pocket through the stupidity of bis serving man. But I am not so fond of law as to take the advico of my solicitor. There 010 fow places bettor situated than Oxford for excursions to places of interest, although tbo walks in the immediate neighbor hood of the town, outside- the Chislehurst and Magdalen meadows, ore not attraative. A rail way rido of 40 minutes takes tho sightseer to Banbury, an historical town famed for its buns, the nursery thyme with which it is asso ciated, a particularly indigestible but somewhat toothsome dolicaoy called Banbury cakes, and ono of the largest establishments for tho manufacture of agricultural imx>lcmcnts which is to be found in any part of England. The town contains somo vory good examples of tho domestic architecture of the Tudor timC3, and some of the houses in the markot place and tho high street have not ohanged in their exterior or interior aspect since the times when they were converted into hos pitals for tho men wounded at the battle of Edge HiiL Tho Reindeer Inn, in Parsons-street, is said to hove been a frequent halting placo of Shakspearc in the courso of liis journeyings from Stratfordou- Avon to London. It is all gables and . architraves, and the globe room — tho apartment in' whioh I took my tea — has a riohly moulded ceiling and fine oak panelling, which datC3 from the Renaissance. The date 1570 is affixed to many portions, of tho building, hut the founda tions and brick work arc belioved to he much older; A short distance from Banbury", is Wrostou Abbey, this scat of Lord North, whoso daughter recently married ono of tho sons, of Mr. Nioholas Fitzgetald, and grandson of tho lato Sir John O'Shanassy. The most interesting portion of tho abbey is the chapel, said to date from the time of King John. Tho whole build ing is extremely ancient, nnd there is nothing in it more rnodorn than the days of the Stuarts. The most noteworthy locality in tlio neigh borhood is Edge Hill, about half way betwoen Banbury and Kineton, in Warwickshire, whore was fought tho first groat battle between Charles I. and- the Parliamentary forces. The scenery between Banbury and Edge Hill, with out being grand or romantic, is indescribably beautiful. Hill aud dale, meadow and corn land, park and village alternate in rapid succession. Edgo Ilill itself is oovored with timber, beeches, olms, chestnuts and limos. The fields I drovo by were carpotod with daisies, primroses and wild anemones ; the; skylark was carolling in the heavens ; the blackbird was whistling in tho hedge rows. The eye ranged over the fiat plain of War wickshire—the rich valley of the Chcrwell, which runs into - tho Thames in the Chislehurst meadows at Oxford, after passing beneath tho beautiful bridge of Magdalen. Iu the west and north- west aro tho hills of Gloucestershire and Worcestershire, the Cotterwolds and tho Mnl- vorus. Standing on tho top of Edge Hill I find it difficult to realise that I am in Warwickshire, and not muoh more than 30 miles from that aggregation of mines, hovels, sluiaB and fac tories known as "Birmingham and the Blaok Country, and that not much 'more than twioc that distance away, although in an. opposite direotiou,. lies' that hiigo ant bill, London, with its teeming millions, . Save for the musio of the song birds and the hoarse caw of the crow, oil is silenco and peace.' And yot it, was ou this very spot on tho 12th Ootober, 1642,'that tbo two groat hostile parties into whioh England was at that time divided first crossed 'swords. Thb great landowner of the neighborhood. Lord Sayu and Sole, whose estates, sadly shorn of tboir former mag nitude, still surround Banbury, and tho Earl of Warwiok bad'east thoir lot with tho Parliament. Tho King, - unpopular near the metropolis— for tho citizens' of - London and tho country squires of. .Middloacx, Hertford shire, Huntingdonshire and Buckinghamshire had declared against him— liad unfurled tho Royal Standard at Nottingham, had recruited largely in Worcestershire, and was directing liis march upon- his revolted capital. The Parlia mentarians, under the ' Earl of Essex, decided upon giving him battle while he. was yot on. hostile ground, although all ' the points of vantage, were, occupied by tbo King and his Lieutenant-General, tho Earl of Lindsay, whilo tho Parliamentary troops were so badly pro- Tided with the means of .transport that Hamp den with 4000 men was uiiabio to keep up with the main body- The numbers on both aidos were tolerably oquaL Tho King; had about 15,000 inuu; tlio Parliamentary army commcnoqd this fight witli 12,000, whioh was increased to 16,000 when the troops undor Hampden appeared upon 'thosoone. ' Many. of the. soldiers on both sides were hut Indifferently supplied .with weapons. Implements of 'warfare such us tho long bow and tho oross bow, which had not been used since tho "Wars of the Roses, . resumed thoir places in offensive warfare. The musketeers, with thoir long matchlocks ; tlio'1 heavy cavalry, in iron casques, . breastplates and greaves ; tlio dragoons, so called from' the drake, tlio fire arm whioh t hey carriod, wore conspicuous ou both sides. The Royal army was strong in cavalry, and amongst the infantry wore tho regiments of Guards.' In poiut of equipment and discipline tlio two armies wore tolerably equal, hut tho Royalists had unquestionably tlio strongoat position, as they were ill occupation of tho crost of the hill. Prince Rupert wanted ' to descend to tho plain rind at once giro battle, tho more especially as he knew that Hampden with the greater, portion of the Parliamentary artil lery was . no. . nearer than Stratford-on- Avon. But . the Princo was overruled, and surrendered ; tho . command of tho cavalry to tho moro, cautious Earl of Ruthven, who, like the Ooinmandsr-in-Chiof, wn3 a Scotch soldier of much experience in the Continental wars.' Judging 'from tho names of the nobio- men who took part in tho fray, it would appear as if the sympathies of tho groat governing families wore about equally divided. Tho Earls of Essex and 'Warwick and Lord Sayc and Solo, the ancestors of tho Duko of Manohcstor anil of Lord "Wlmrton, fought with tho Parlia ment ; the Scotch aud Welsh lords. Lord Wilmot, Lord -"Willoughby do Broko and a swarm of connty families wore with tho King. The pcaco whioh, with the ex ception of a few unimportant outbreaks during tho doys of the Tuilors, had been maintained on tho soil of England from the period of tho Wars of the Ro3es was first broken by tho artillery of Lord Essex. For somo time tho troops of tho King obtained a decided ndvantago ; some regi ments of tho Parliamentary infantry fled in groat disorder, and wore pursued by Rupert's cavalry, who sabred them as far from the field as the streets of Kinoton. Indeed, the left wing of the Parliamentarians was completely routed, and if the advantage had keen followed up with onorgy,- the Royalists would havo scored a deci sive viotory. But on the right wing of tho two armies , tho position was exactly reversed. Tho King's infantry were cut to pieces ; his artillery men were sabred at thoir guns ; the commandcr- in- ohief under tho King, Lord Lindsay, himself was killed; the red regiment of the King's Guard was almost annihilated, and tlio Royal Standard captured, 'but 'subse quently retaken. Iu the centre ot tiic army the Royalists wore uot more fortunate, and the bltto regiment of King's troops was defeated with great loss. The Parliamentary fugitives of tho left wing fled beyond Kineton in full retreat towards Stratford-on-Avon aud Warwick. But tho pursuit of Princo Report's eavalry was checked by tlio advance . of tho Parliamentary troops trader Hampden, under whose pro tection tho fugitives reformed and drove baok tlio victorious Royalist soldiers. It would certainly seem from tho history of tho battlo that tho advantage rested- with the Parlia mentary troops, but in the morning neither aido bad any inclination to renew the fight, although it is .certain that the King's troops had sustained the heaviest losses (more than 3000 mon were slain), not only in tho battle itself, but in the dcscrtionswhich followed. All the farmers and peasants in the neighborhood wero Parlia mentarians, and not only brought no provisions to the Royal army, but knocked any stragglers on tho head, . . Edgo Hill was the first battle at which Oliver .Cromwell smelt powder, anil with his usual good fortune ho was with the victorious right wing. It is strange that tho fluctuations in the tido of battle whioh occurred at Edgo Hill were repeated at Naseby and Marston Moor. Much more accessible from Oxford than tlio site of tho Battlo of Edgo Hill is Woodstock, with its traditions of King Ethelred, Alfred tbo Great, Stephen, Fair Rosamond and the Eng lish sovereigns down to the days of Elizubctli, wiio was confined there. Woodstock was a favorite residence of the Stuart kings, and is tbo scene of Sir Walter Soott's celebrated novcL The popular stories about Fair Rosamond arc not quito supported by historical truth, Tlio lady was tho daughtor of Lord Clifford, and so far from boing murdered by tho order of Quoon Eleanor, she died in the full odor of sanotity at tho nunnory of Godston, near Oxford, nftor residing there for more than 20 years. Tho attachment of Henry II. to Rosa mond oommonced early in life, and resulted in the birth of William Longcspoe, who married tho daughter and heiress of the Earl of Salis bury and succeeded to the titlo nnd estates. Eleanor, who is said to have offered her rivaltho alternative of the "dagger or the bowl, seems to have been a boautiful fiend. According to Hep- worth Dixon, she was ono of tho most profligate , women; of hor riot very morel time. While sho was living . with hor first husband, Louis VII. of France, sho scandalised her ' court by her passion for her uncle, Raymond do Poitou. "When she wandored into I'alostino lis a crusader, aho shooked both European and Saracen by hor intrigues with tho Sultau Saindiu. Later in life alio had a guilty tendresse for Geoffrey Flantagcnet, Count of Anjou. After his death sho transferred her shameful passion to liis sou. , At length tlio pationca of King Louis was worn out, and in spito of his desire to retain her Duqhy of Aqnitame, ho put Eleanor from his house, and stripped her of the names of wife and queen. Six weeks after her divoroo from Louis sho married Henry of Anjou, Henry If. of England, lie being 22 years of ago and she 36. Honry found liis'wifo as f.ulse to liim ds sho had been to Louis, and hor conduct to him was one continuous act of outrage. Henry, in revenge, sought consolation in tho company of Fair Rosa mond. - Tho Queen resented his infidelity and ho Bhub her, up in priaou, and built for his.mis- tross a bovror V the like of whioh was novcr seen." The sito of this bowor is raid to havo been near tho, lake and to bo washed by the cool and limpid stream which to-day is called Fair Rosamond's Well. : Modern Woodstock is best known by its con nection with the Churchill family. ' In 1702 tho once royal manor of Woodstock was granted to John, ,Duko of Marlborough, his heirs and sueecaiOM for ever. Tlio estate consists of 2337 acres, and tho park eovors 2700 acre's. A sum of £500,000 .was expended in ; building tho palace, whioh is: a -truly magnificent work of art, and to' tho Duke and his descendants wero granted a porpetua! pension of . £4000 n year. I recollect hearing Mr. Murray Smith once deliver, a loaturc, in the courso of which ho osoribod tlio origin of mo3t of tho great families of England to the cupidity of ftq once. tor or to tho frailty of an anocstrean. It was to tho latter sourco that tho origiual greatness of tho Marlborough family Is attributable, although the cupidity of the duko wm as remarkable as the frailty of his sister. Arabella Ohurohill was the miBtress of James JL wlicn -he was Duke of York, and she was enabled to provide handsomely for her brother -John, who obtained a commission in the guards at the age of 10, and was a gonoral when he was 24\. Ho certainly showed distinguished ability bb a commander, nnd his wife, Sarah Jennings, managed to soenro and rotain tho favor of Queen Anne. No British general ever oontrived to mako so much money out of his position. Ho was aeonsed in tho House, of Commons of mis appropriating £500,000 by stopping 2i per cent, put of;: the pay of tho foreign troops main tained by- England, with taking a bribe of '£63,000 'from two Jewish contractors who Supplied /the army with bread, and with making; enormous profits out of the clothing' and accoutrements supplied to tho army. His only defence was that "such sums wore the usual' perquisites of a commander in chief." There is a sort of retributive justice in tho com- pamtivo poverty which has come ovor the present Duke, caused partly by his dissipation and extravagance, and partly by the shrinkage in the value' of agricultural land throughout rural England. A palace like Blenheim, which covers seven acres of land and was built in the days 'of Queen Anne at a cost of half a million, an enormous Bum in those times, costs nvcry large sum to keep up, and the Duke has had to sell, one after another, the collection of gems, tho Sunderland library, which 'had been' bought for £60,000, and was Bold at a 30 days solo for nearly as much, and the magnificent picture gallery, one speoimon, a Rubens, having boon sold to tho National Gal lery for £70,000. The present Duke had even commuted his pension, and was on his Inst legs, but having been divorced from his wife, the daughter of tho Duke of Abercorn, bo was lucky enough to come across an American widow, who thought that she was rich enough to buy a great historical title, oven if it woro enoumbcrod with such a husband' ob tho Duke of Marlborough. The money of the Duchess has regildcd the coronet of tho Duke, and Blie lias once again mado Blenheim a com fortable residence, although its greatest attrac tions and masterpieces have been dispersed all over England. Still tho palace is well worthy a 'visit,. 'and 'tho park and grounds are magnificent. Anotlior ploasant'oxcursion from Oxford is to Ciimno'r; a village in tho Berkshire Hills, about four miles from the elty, celebrated for its con nection witli the 111 fated Amy Robsart, the lieroino or Sir Walter Scott's well known novel of Kchihcorth. There seoms little doubt that Amy; who . is buried at St. Mary's Church, Ox ford; twit. with her death somewhat in the manner described' in' the novel, but the Sir ltlohord Varhcy ' of . the talo was in reality a member of the Trimily of tho Vcrnoys, of Compton Vcrney, in Warwickshire, and the ancestor of the present TiOrd Willoaghliy dc Broke. Tony Forster was 'not tho unprepossessing scoundrel, half hangman and half batcher, described in the novel, "but a gentleman of birth and nrcoding, and member of l'arlinmcnt for Abingdon.: .Cutnnor Hall, the scene of Amy RoliBart's , untimoly death, has disappeared altogether, much of tho timber and stone used in Sts'constriicUonlmvingboen employed in'rostoring the Churcli of Witham in Ilerk-sliiro. But tho monument of Anthony Forster still oxists, and is extremely elaborate, while the inscription is highly eulogistic, . Tho Bear and Ragged Staff, the inti Kept in the novel by Giles Gosling, a man of goodly prcscnco and somewhat round belly, SO years of age and upwards, moderate in his reckonings, prompt in his payments, having a cellar of sound liquor, n ready wit and a pretty daughter, still hangs out its sign. But it is little more than n country pot house, with ono room, a kitchen, witli oaken seats and a floor of stone. Luokily tho charges are as moderate as the nature of the accommodation, nnd for two cups of tea nnd some bread and butter my companion and myself were only assessed in the very moderate sum of 4d. The landlady had never read Kcnilteorth, but she had heard tho parish clerk say that Madame Dudley's ghost did uso to walk in Cunino'r Park, now a park ho longer ; she walked so obstinately that it took no loss that nine parsons ill Oxford to lay her. At last tlioy laid her in a pond called Madam Dudley's pond, and, wondorful to tell, tho water in that pond was never known to freeze, afterwards. But if the landlady of tho Bear and Ragged Staff, tho insignia of the proud Earl of Leicester, was not able to afford much information about tho true history of Amy Robsart, sho was a great authority:On tho allotment quoBtion, and sho bore willing testi mony to the. improvement in tlie condition of tho agricultural laborers, since most of them were able to ' obtain a rood of land, 'and thus realise tho condition of. society de scribed by Goldsmith, when "ovoiy ;rood of land maintained its man." A rood of land is pot a very largo estate, but there is no doubt that it is a great boori' to an agricultural laborer, and its possession enables him to bo muoh moro in dependent of the farmor and the landlord than he was previously. , And so the cry of three acres 'antra cow ' has not been altogether use- loss, although it has dwindled down to "a quarter. of an aero and a pig." 