\- 1111 11 11 Story Column. The Adventures of Three Sailors. Told by Daniel Small, Only Mate. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of -'The 'Wreck of the Grosvenor," "A Bra Queen," "The Golden Hope," £c., &c.; ALL QUEENSLAND RIGHIS RESERVED Li Thbxb Instalkbnm. CONCLUDED. We were Raping about ns, almost forgetting m distressed eitna'ion, in contemplation of th< se astonishing objeote which had arisen like ghosts from the mysterious heart of the deep, when we heard fallows oalling, and on oar xnnning to the side to learn what he wanted, we saw him standing np in the boat, pointing like a madman into the sonthward. It was the white canvaB of a vessel, olearer to na than to him who was lower by some feet. The air waa still a weak draught, but the sail was rising with a nimblenesB that made ns know she was bringing a breeze of wind along with her, and in half an hour's time she had risen to the black line oi her bulwark's rail, disclosing the fabrio of what waa apparently a brig or barque, heading almost dead on her end for na. Jackson and I at once tumbled into the boat, bnt we were careful to keep her close to the two craft, and the amazing platform they floated on, for they furnished out a show that was not to bo missed aboard the approaohing vessel, whereas the boat must make little more than aspeok though but half a milo distant. The breeze the veBsel waa bringing along with her was all about ub presently with a threat of wet and of weight in it. We stepped an oar, with the sbiite atop, and they blew oat bravely and made a good signal. " Why, see, Mr. Small !" eries Jackson on a sudden, " ain't she the Hindoo Merchant ?" I stood awhile, and then joyfully exclaimed, "Ay, 'tis the old hooker heisslf, thauka be to God." 1 knew her by her short foreton-gallant mast, by her chequered band, and by other Bigus clear to a saiior's eye, and the three of us sent np a shout of delight, for it was like stumbling upon one's very home, as it were, after having been all night lost amidBt the blaokness and snow of the country where one's house stands. She oame along handsomely, with foam to thebawaepipe, thanks to the freshening breeze, and her main royal and topgallanteail olewing np as she approached, for our signal had been seen ; then drove close alongside with her top sail aback, and in a few minutes we were aboard, Bhaking hands with Oaptain Blow and all others who extended a fist to ns, and spin ning onr yarn in response to the eager ques tions put. "But what have yon there, Mr. Small?" say a Captain Blow, Btaring at the twooraitand the whale. I explained. " Well," oriea he, "call me a missiouary if ever I saw suoh a eight aa that afore. Have you boarded the vessel ?" pointing to the one that was whole. "Yte," said I, "but there's nothing but shells to look at," " Hatches open ?" says he. " No," eaysl, " thoy are as seourely cemented with shells as if the stuff had been laid on with a bowel " Jackson, Fallows, the boatswain, aud a few of the darkeys stood near, eagerly oatohing what we said. ''A wonderful sight truly!" said Captain Blow surveying the objects with a face almost distorted with astonishment and admiration. " How many yesrs will they have been asleep under water, think ye, Mr. Small?" " All a hundred, sir," says I. "Ay," says he, "I've seen many prints of old ships, and I'll allow that it's all a hun dred as you say einee she and the likes of aha was afloat. Why," oriea ho with a sort of a nervouB laugh as if half aahamed of what he was about to say, " who's to tell but that there may he a ohest or two of treasure stowed away down in her lazersite?" ''That very idea oeonrred to me, sir," says I. "By your pardon, oapt'n," here interrupted Jaokson, knuckling bis forehead, "but that may be a question hot hard to s=ttle if ye'll send me abroad with a few tools." The oaptain looked aB if he had had a mind to entertain the idea, then sent a glance to windward. " She'll he full of water," said I "Ay," said the oaptain, turning to Jaokson, " how then ? " a " We can lift a hatch and look for ourselves, eir," answered the man, " Bight," says the captain ; bnt you'll have to hear a hand. Get that cask on board. Auy water in it ?" eaya he. " Tee, air," says I. " Thank God for the same then,'' says he. Bnt whilBt they were manoeuvring with the cask the breeze freshened in a sadden squall, and all in a minute as it seemed a sort of sloppy sea was set a running. The oaptain looked anxious, yet still seemed willing that the boat should go to the wreck. I sent some lascars aloft to fail the loose canvas, and whilst this was doing, the wind freshened yet in another long.drawn blast that swept in a shriek betwixt onr maetB. " There's nothing to he done !" sung out the skipper. "Get thst boat undor the fall, Jaok son ; we must hoist her up." The darkeys lay ait to the tackles, end Jaokson olimbed over the rail with a counten ance sour and mutinous with disappointment. He had soareely sprung on to the deok, when we heard a loud crash like the report of a email piece oi ordnanoe, and, looking towards the hulks I was just in time to see them sliding off the back of the whale, one on either aide of the greasy, black surfaoo. They vanished in a breath, and the dead car case, relieved of their weight, seemed to spring aa though it were alive, some 10 or 12 feet ont of the seething and simmering snrfaos whioh had been frothed up by the descent of the vessels; the next moment it turned over and gavo ns a view of its whole length— a 60 to 70 foot whale, if the carcase was Bn inob, with here and there the blaok soytha-liko dorsal fin of a shark sailing round it. Jackson hooked a quid ont of his mouth and sent it overboard. His faoe of mutiny left him and was replaced by an expression of gratitude. Five minutes later the old Hindoo Merohaut w8b thrusting through it with her nose heading for the River Hooghley, and the darkeys tying a single reef iu the fore-top sail. 