' The Felicities of Queen Blizabath.' LECTURE BF THE HON. J. H. GORDON, M.L.C. The above was the title of a lectnre de livered by the Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., at the Institute Hall on Thursday evening, 9th inst., under the auspices of the Gawler Literary Society. There was a capital house, the chair being occupied by the President of the Society (Mr, John Harry), while the ^ice-Presidents, Messrs. S. W. B. Croft and G. Potter, also occupied seats on the plat form. In introducing tne lecturer the Uhair man paid a compliment to Mr. Gordon on the ability which had marked his political career, and which was all the more gratifying to them inasmuch as they claimed him as a 'Gawler boy.' (Applauae.) Mr. GorSios, who was greeted with loud ap plause; commenced his lecture by referring to the death ofQueenEJlizabethasfollows : 'The watcher on the ramparts of Richmond Castle on the nigkfc of the 23rd March, 1603, eaw a strange sight, All night long a gentleman of thejeourt had waited beneath the windows of tne palace in the keen March iwind. The clanking of his armed heel upon the court was answered by the impatient hoof of his charger, which was held hard by saddled and ready for a jonrney. The hours sped by, each charged with its gloomy freight of wind' and rain, but still the watcher kept his dismal post. At 3 o'clock: in the morn ing a window in the castle wall above was quietly and silently opened ; the white face of a lady, appeared ; a shining ring was dropped into the outstretched hand of the knight, aad with the haste which only urgent missions demand he sprang to his saddle and disappeared. The knight who watched so long was Sir Robert Carey, after wards Earl of Monmouth. The lady was his sister, Lady Scrope, one of the Queen's gen tlewomen, and the ring was the preconcerted signal which announced the death of the greatest monarch of the {age. Queen Eliza beth waEjdead ! With the awful news,*Carey, the first without the castle walls to hear it, was galloping off to Scotland. By night and day, through many a surprised town and sleeping hamlet, the courier sped. His message would brook no delay, for fame and fortune waB his who first knelt before James the sixth of Scotland and announced to that ambitious king that to his barren kingdom of Scotland, with its turbulent lords and scant revenues, was added the rich realm o England, with its luxurious courb, its great resources, and its famous navy, which then ' as now 'rode mistress of the seas. Queen Bess was dead. For many days the proud old woman had been making a hard struggle for life, the melancholy victim of mental and physical decay. Some portions at least of her long reign were dearly purchased by her last days of anguish. The headless ghost of many & gallant victim alarmed the visions of her soul. She was eo terrified by apparitions that she refused to go to bed and she remained sitting on the floor for four days and nights. To ail urging to go to bed she replied that there were spirits there that troubled her. Ib must indeed have been a miserable scene. Around the stubborn and haunted Queen as she 'sprawled in agony upon the floor, stood her officers of state begging her to name a successor — which she never did — clergy begging her to pray, and waiting maids and physicians beggiDg her to take soup and physic But she was dead. The kindly hand of death had closed her affrighted eyes and its oblivion calmed the visions of her soul. They found a thousand dresses in her wardrobe, but a simple winding sheet was hers at last. Her white hands, of which she had been so proud during life, and which had signed with unwavering firmness the death-warrants of so many gallant men and of the loveliest woman of the age, lay powerless now for good or ill for ever. Tiie strong proud heart was still, bilent, like a watch stopped in the night. The meanest of the great Queen's subjects was more powerful now than she. To this at last both prince and peasant come.' He then recited with excellent ex pression, a dirge written by Mr. Shirley, one of Her Majesty's poets. Continuing, be said — 'During no period in the history of England, perhaps during no period .in the history of any country iu the world, lived there at the same time so many men famous in thought, and famous in action, as 'during the spacious times of Great Elizabeth. If a line was drawn right across the history of the world at the highest intellectual alti tude reached by men, more heads in Queen Elizabeth's time would reach it than that of any other monarch. It was a time pregnant with great events, fruitful of great men. To this reign must be traced the colonising spirit which has led to such an expansion of England, that it is estimated by Professor Seeley that iu 50 years, the British Empire will number 100,000,000 of subjects of Europeans andmostly of Euglish blood, proud of their allegiance to the British throne, and of their right to the British flag. Iu Eliza beth's reign also sprang up into fnll growth, from which it has never since declined, the magnificent spirit of-patriotism, which distin guishes our race.' He said it was not his intention to speac ot any or tne greaiesc incident's of Elizabeth's reign nor to venture upon the tempting field which the literature of the age afforded, but would endeavor to throw a few side lights upon the characters of some of the men who moved about Elizabeth's court and fought her battles on sea and land. The most powerful man in Elizabeth's time, he said, was Cecil, Lord of Burleigh. He was little thought of now. Hundreds of men whose lives were in his hands are held iu more honor, but from the time of Elizabeth's accession till his death Cecil held her entire confidence. He was a man of remarkable ability and prudence. Cool and bitter as the east wind, unscrupu lous, vindictive, and greedy, yet he was 'next to the service of himself, the devoted servant of the Queen. He possessed the genius of industry. The student of character found many points of resemblance between the Cecil of Elizabeth and his descendant, th-* present Prime Minister of England. The same cool, contemptuous,, selfish, and cau tious characters may be seen in both, and in both great qualities of statemanship. It was by these qualities that Burleigh kept not only his head, but his great place during these troublous times, andjen joyed without a break the Queen's confidence. In her favors and emoluments, however, he had all his life a keen contest with the Qaeen's lovers, and to Leicester at least he had often to give place. The Queen had two lives, one as the keen, courageous, and when her interests required it, unscrupulous Queen ; the other' as the vain, fickle, and strongly emotional woman. It was said that Elizabeth began her flirtations early in her teens with the fickle and dissipated Lord Darnley, who became largely through Elizabeth's intrigues the husband of the unfortunate Mary, Queen of Scots. Long before Darnley had intruded his miserable presence upon Mary, however, Elizabeth had forsaken him for Leicester. Thf- a.spj»TirIf-nnX7 ?wliTfib t.liis hrilliantsnnnnHrpl obtainedovertheQueen was undoubtedly com plete. It was whispered indeed that they had been secretly married and that alittle grave at Kennelworth was often wet with the tears of the Queen. That Leicester ruled the Queen completely the jealous diaries of his contemporaries at Court tell. It was said that his reconciliation with Her Majesty after their frequent quarrels were nearly always the result of advances made by the Queen, and it was a common saying that it cost the Queen £5000 and a subject £500 to make up a quarrel with Leicester. Ex cept for his intermittent kindness to his nephew' the gallant Phillip Sydney, the character of Leicester had no redeeming points. England owed him nothing, and his conduct in the Netherlands must ever brand him as a traitor to his Queen and country. The flirtation of gthe Queen with Sir Christopher Hatton had none of the tragic element. Hatton was a lawyer who had charmed the Qaeen at a dancing party by his fine legs. She loved him and made him Lord Chancellor. It was a pleasure, however, to turn from the dancing Hatton and the '.treacherous Leicester to the noble and melancholy Raleigh, The magnificence of his way of life no less than his high bear ing . and ? eloquent tongue captivated the Qaeen and speedily gained him a prominent position at court. As courtier, soldier, and author, this valiant son of Devon held one of the greatest places in English history. He was a pioneer in colonization, and in a multitude of paths which have converged at length in the greatness of Britain. Raleigh made his first appearance as an author by writing an account of the famous conflict against desperate odds made by his kinsman and dear friend Sir Richard Grenville in the ' Revenge.' After referring briefly to the exploits of Sir Humphrey Gilbert — Raleigh's half- brother — the lecturer passed oa to notice the Eirl of Essex, Of all the gallant men. he said, who had appeared upon the stage of England's history there had- been none he thought more splendid in natural gifts, or more unfortunate than the Earl of Essex. It was admitted by all who had studied the charaoter of Essex that under more favorable circumstances than Jthose by which he was surrounded at coutt aa the favoiit6 of the Queen he might have developed into one of England's greatest men. Himself a man of brilliant parts and learning, he was a generous patron of the arts, and it was to him that Bacon owed a rescue from the miseries of ^poverty. The stain of Bacon's ingratitude to Essex will neverjbe removed from his character. Essex had all Leicester's fascination, without his cruelty and selfishness. He was as gallant and generous as -Sydney, with more brilliancy and vigor. He was as daring as Raleigh, but more humane in war, and on the whole a more capable military commander. He lost his reputation in Ireland, that grave of many- reputations. The career of the famous sailors, Sir John Hawkins, and Sir Francis Drake, were then referred to, and formed the subject of eulogy for their indomitable spirit. Continuing, the lecturer said, 'Nearly three hundred years have come and gone since the sun shone upon the armour of the last of these famous men who were properly accounted as among the felicities of the monarch under whom they served, but their heroic examples remain to animate Englishmen for ever.' The lecture, which was interspersed throughout by in teresting extracts bearing; en the characters of those referred to, was much appreciated by the audience, who frequently testified their pleasure during its delivery and warmly applauded the hon. gentleman at its close. A hearty vote of thanks was then accorded to Mr. Gordon on the motion of Mr. Croft, seconded by Mr. C. Potter. \- In reply Mr. Gokdon said it was a siacere pleasure to him to help their fciociety. It was & pleasure for him to help any Literary Society. He had to a very large extent reaped the benefit of a Literary Society — one which was formed by his father in that town. (Applause.) He had met members of that Society all over the colony, and they all testified to the advantage they had received from it. He would advise an gentleman strongly who did not belong; to v Literary Society to join one, as it wou a. afford the very best exercise and training Id could have. (Applause.) As it had been suggested he would be very glad in. a few months time to deliver another lecture on the men of thought in the age of Queen Elizabeth. (A.pplause,) Mr, R. K. Thomson contributed a song before the commencement of the lecture, as did also Miss Laycock at its close, for which they were accorded the thanks of the audience. 