A GRIZZLY'S CLAW, on, A Too Successful Impersonation. (By J.A.E.) OHAPTER I. "There's not much chance of an en gagemont at present, I'm afraid," I said to my companion, as we turned into a well-known theatrical agent's office on Broadway one day, a few years ago. "The season's on, and all the com panies are made up, so the odds are rather against us." I was not greatly concerned on my own account. Though little over 40, I had been more than thirty years on the boards. Belonging to a theatrical family, I bhad been trained to the stage from my childhood. Well, I had my hopes and ambitions, like others, but had long ago realised that I should never become a shining star, and was content now to be recognised as a cood general utility man, and a capable stage manager, getting an occasional round in a favorable part, and always sure of a "line" - " correct, " painstaking," " careful," &c.;, being the usual terms of commendation bestowed upon me by the critics. Such as my talents were, they would always ensure me an engagement at a fair salary, more then sufficient (as I was a bachelor, and had no expensive tastes or habits) for my moderate wants, and I had already put by a little sum as a provision for sickness or old age. My friend, however, was differently circum stanced, and I was very solicitous on his account, as I bad begun to take a great interest in him. Charlie Halliday had joined a com. pany, of which I was a member, six months before, quite a novice. He was only three and twenty, and had been brought up with that course of so many young: fellows, " expectations," which had not been realised. Though a tho rough gentleman, and generally well educated, he had no special training for any vocation, and consequently, when thrown on his own resources, had found such difficulty in getting any employ ment that lie was reduced to the lowest ebb. In this strait, recalling the praises that had been bestowed on some amateur performances he had taken part in in happier days, he applied for and ob. tained an engagement in our troupe, then playing down south. Of course his parts and his salary were alike small, but he struggled bravely to master the details of the actor's art, and to exist on the paltry pittance he obtained for his services. I was soon attracted by his plea sant manners and cheerful good nature, and became somewhat intimate with him whep I learned the above partico lars, and I did my best to teach him the art I had so long followed. I found him an apt and willing pupil, and I saw that with sufficient training and experi ence he was likely to take a far higher rank in the profession than I had ever attained. In the matter of make-up, for instance, I could'make my face look any age from eighteen to eighty, but neither my voice nor figure bhad sufficent pliancy to enable me to become a first class personator. Charlie, on the other hand, with a slight but well knit and graceful figure, of medium height, meo bile features, and fine expressive grey eyes, had also a very fine and flexible voice, capable of every variety of intona tion, and with care and study bid fair to become a character actor of great ex cellence. Noting these qualifications, and his eager desire to improve, I took great pains to instruct him in the details of his chosen profession, and he was making rapid progress when an out break of yellow fever in the district led to the abrupt closing of our theatre in the middle of the season. But' I wont keep my audience standing any longer on the threshold of the genial agent's sanctum, but in vite them to enter. "What brines you .here just now, Mr Mordaunt ?" inquired Mr C- , shaking me cordially by the hand. I briefly told hIm, and introduced Charlie. " Glad to make your acquaintance, sir. Any friend of my old friend, Bob ITlordaunt, is heartily welcome;" and opening a cellaret he produced wine and crackers, and cordially invited us to sit down and make ourselves com fortablo before proceeding to business. When we had refreshed ourselves, and concluded a desultory conversation on the topics of the day, he cleared the table and produced a large volume, which he turned over rapidly, scan ning page after page, with pursed up lips and knitted brow. "Very few openings here just now, and no two in one troupe." (I had mentioned my desire to keep together if possible.) " 'There's only one name in my books that I can refer you to, and I am afraid you would scarcely care for it. A chap who calls himself Do Grotry is making up a company at St. Louis to tour on the Pacific Slope, and has written to me to engage two utilities, one light and one heavy, and offers pretty good terms, and has mailed me an order for 100 dol. to cover expenses if I soed them on at once. He's got old Goule for heavy, Tom Sparkes and Jimmy Weobb first and second low comedy ; himself and wife, with Mr and MreaMortimer will do the leading business, and the rest I don't know. He sooms to have a little money at present, and of course if his show takes, the ghost will walk right enough, but of course it's risky, and as I really know nothing of him, I can't advise." "Well, Charlie, what do you say to it?" said I. " We shall see some now scones and faces, and have something to talk about when we get back again, and if we are bust up out there, we must just trust to luck." Secretly I was glad of an opportunity of seeing thn extremo west, where 1 had never yet been, and knew that if the trip was a financial failure, a draft on my banker would soon relieve any tem. porary embarrassment. I read ac quiescence in Charlie's ozoressive face, and promptly closed with the offer, rather, I think, to C-'s surprise, and before we left his office had mutually signed the engagement and had bound ourselves to start for St. Louis in two days' time, receiving 100dol. for ex. ponses. I pass over the journey, as it con tained no incident worthy of note, until our arrival at St. Louis, where we made the acquaintance of our new manager and his company. Goule, Sparkee, Webb and the MIortimers I lad mot before. All wore fairly good in their respective lines, and pleasant enough people to got on with, but Mr Do Gretry and madame puzzled me not a little, and indeed inspired a feeling of aversion that I could hardly account for. sMonsieur appeared to be about five and thirty, of middle height and slender build, swarthy in complexorion, with frizzly black hair, which, having a tendency to become limp towards the close of an evening, leds to a suspicion that it was artifici ally curled, long, tightly waxed mous taches, pointing upwards, and an im perial pointing downwards, imparted a very Mephistophilan expression to his face, which was enhanced by a very long and pointed nose, and a pair of the most restless, shifty, greenish yellow eyes that I ever saw in a man's head. His manner and voice were singularly suave and bland, but the latter was evidently artificial, for every now and then a shrill, harsh, rasping note ran through it, till it was brought back, with an effort, to its modulated, oily cadence. Ho dressed with elaborate care, and his expanse of white shirt front and wristbands, sparkled with jewelled studs, and a number of rings, decked his long, slender hands. Madame Do Grotry was a tall blonde of unquestionable beauty of face and form, but of a sensuous and sensuaal type, with little brains, and inordinate vanity. She always dressed in such a manner as to display her charms to the utmost advantage, and was vapid, pert and affected, in her conversation. It was quite evident that she was a woman without either education or refinement. Such were the precious pair with whom we were to make the tour of the Pacific Slope for the ensuing twelve months. In a few days after our arrival, our scenery, dresses and proper ties, being duly packed for the journey, we all took the train west wards, and the campaign began. While on the cars, I renewed my acquaint ance with those of the company I had formerly known, and was introduced to the others, among whom I was much taken with a bright little girl of eigh teen, Nellie Forrester by name, who was engaged for minor soubrette parts. She was petite in figure, with pretty hands and feet, a profusion of curling dark brown hair, and large brown eyes, that sparkled with fun and mishief, a saucy little face, with up turned nose and a ringing laugh that did one's heart good to hear, and was with all a thoroughly good and modest girl. Well,we were soon fairly at work, and did pretty good business, moving from town to town, and camp to camp up and down the country. We were, taken altogether, a good working com pany, and our repertoire was well suited to our audiences' tastes, spectacular and burlesque pieces, with a dash of blood and thunder work. I found that Do Gretry (wherever he had studied), and I could not remem ber anything of him in the States, was a good actor and clever manager, but madame was the most useless stick that ever appeared on the boards. She could hardly remember the few words she was entrusted with without prompting, and these she delivered without point or emphasis, and in a vulgar drawl. But she would dress and pose so as to make her voluptuous beauty as attractive as possible, and use her languishing blue eyes on audi once and actors alike. Do Gretry had to drill her constantly to got her through her parts, and though he en couraged the lavish display of her charms, he was in a manner intensely jealous of her, and rarely let her out of his sight, and his yellow green eyes would gleam viciously, and the harsh ring come into his voice, if any of us attempted to get into conversation with her at any time. Charlieimproved rapidly, and though there was no advance made in his salary, he was cast frequently for superior parts, and played them in such a manner as to become a great favorite with the public, while per sonally he was well liked by all the company, except Do Grotry. He, I could see, hated him, though he always used his blandest manner towards him, for madame would always try her most fascinating looks and gestures to Charlie when stage business brought them together, and I thought the young fellow too ready to respond to her advances, and feared mischief would come of it. Little Nellie For. rester also made great advances in her art, and received a few hints I gave her in such a grateful spirit that Igave a good deal of my spare time to her instruction, as well as Charlie's. These two never met without a sparring match, banter, chaff and repartee wore freely exchanged between them, and I fancied there was some unac countable repulsion between the two I liked best in the company. Six months passed in this mannter and not unpleasantly, and we saw many strange places and people, and as the receipts were good, there was never any hitch in the treasury, when one day Do Gretry received a letter from an Eastern town, which cridently caused him great porturbation. IIo left off acting-under plea of ill health, kept himself very much se cluded, and had a nervous dread of being seeoon by anyone. lfe turned over the stage management to me, and his shifty eyes grow more restless than ever. No strangor was over admitted to his presence without much pre liminary inquiry, and altogether he had a hunted look that by no means added to his attraction. Madams still kept on appearing and poeeing as before, with a dogged obstinacy, in spite of his now desire to keep her also off the boards for the time, and now that I was thrown into closer contact with her I found that she drank a great deal more than was good for her, and that but for the restraint her lord put upon her, she would often have been unable to appear at all. Her vanity and love of admiration impelled her, however, to display her attractions as much as possible, and I had hard work to manage to gratify her love of display, and keep her sober enough not to publicly disgrace herself. Such was the state of affairs at a time we were playing in a town called Foothills, in Northern California, and situated on one of the main lines of railroad. We had given our usual round of pieces, and been very success. ful, and were thinking of a move on, when we received a pressing invitation from a mining camp on the other side of a steop range, to give a few perfor mances there and promising us ample support and the free use of a large building to play in. The offer was a good one, and on consulting Do Gretry he gave his assent, in his irritable peovish way that had now becom habitual to him. (To ?E CONTINUeED.) 