Dying in Peace. ' You are going to die, William,' remarked a lady of energetic nature to her poor little husband. ' The doctors say you can't live two hours.' ' Very well,' responded William, in a weak voice, but with a sigh of relief; 'go down and blow up the servants at once !' ' Wh — at f' said the agitated woman, bend ing over him. ' Free your mind, Nancy, free your mind,' he gasped feebly. ' 1 shall be as quick about it as possible, but I snail try your patience. Blow enough to make you cheerful a couple of hours, and by that time I shall be out of the way. I shall never have another opportunity, and I want to die in peace.' ' He wanders,' said the lady to herself, scowling through her tears at some cheerful voice that stole into the room of death from the street below. Then she added, ' I wonder if those pesky triners don't know there's some dying going on up here. I shall speak to the policeman about this. If s a shame that I've got to be worried and worried to death, when my heart is so full of other matters that I can't find time to think. Here I've been ? ' 'I should like to comfort you,'' interrupted the rapidly failing man, with a faint smile of apology, ' but the truth is I've got so much of my own dying on hand that I can't find the time. Bear up. my dear. I'll call around at the station-house and make complaint of those thoughtless fellows to-mor — , or rather. Til send my ghost' ' William !' ejacu lated the grief -stricken woman, ' that's just like you. Always too shiftless for anything. Always putting off until to-morrow what should be done the day before yesterday. My mother warned me of it before I married you. If there is anything I hate, it is pro crastination ! If there's anything I abominate, if s a shiftless man !' 'Go down and give it to the ser vants,' said the dying man, huskily. 'He wanders,' repeated the agitated woman, rising hastily to make frantic parses at a fly resting in the sunshine on the wall. ' This house is overrun with vermin from cellar to garret It makes no difference how much I toil, and delve, and drudge, and -work my fingers to the bone, and wear old slothes and look like a fright. William, if you don't get me some exterminator, to-morrow ? ' 'Ifs unnecessary,' interrupted the gentleman ad-, dressed, with a sad. sweet smile. '1— I guess I'll — I'll manege to— to go off— without it' His head fell back, and there was a strange look in his eyes. 'He's dead !' shrieked the widow, throwing herself upon the lifeless form and weeping violently. ' I had forgotten that he was dying— I had so much to think of. Nothing goes right in this house. My poor, patient husband !' There was the sound of approaching feet. ' Go away,' she screamed. ' Leajre me alone with my dead! But stay,' she added,' recognising the hired girl. ' Go straight to the undertaker's, Susan, and tell him to come at once ; and if he slurs this job as he has ethers I've heard of, I'll never give him another as long as I live. Undertakers are bo shiftless.' A gleam of sunlight stole into the room and rested for a moment on the dead man's face. 'I declare!' ex claimed the heart-broken woman, 'I told Susan to close the blind tight, and she hasn't done it We shall all be covered with dust, and the carpet will be ruined. I shall discharge Susan as soon as the funeral is over. She put her handkerchief to her eyes, and, having f»und the requisite time, wept bitterly. 