?'? yLION-HtiWTING. Adventures of a Catcher of the Stag '-' ' ? of Beasts. - . - -???- :_^— - _ ?:?' ? , ; While trapping lions in' tbe Hottentot coantry for the Hamburg' animal bones, I bad opportunities for seeing the king of beasts at his best, and for making close ob servations of his traits of character. When a so-called lion- tamer tells yon that he understands bis pets as well as if they were human beings, there is a powerful significance in his words. He understands them as well, bat no better, and this means- hourly reril to him. If five desperate criminals were shot up in a room, and a keeper entered it several times a day to whip them about, he would be in tbe same peril as the man among the lions. ' ?'?' ' ' . Xo two lions are: alike except in a few leading traita, any more than any two men are alike. Every lion is supposed to roai at night when abroad after prey, but noihalf of them do so. When yon read of one charging into % camp you praise his courage, bat for everyone such case- 1 can show ten where the Iioasknlked about like a dog. You never find him twice alike/ He may oharge you in the evening, and ran bora you in the after noon. He may come roaring abont yonr camp one night, patting yon in fear that he means to defy the blazing fires and the wide awake bnntarg, and the next night he may creep up as softly as a cat, and lie hidden for Bn hoar, tor tjs sake ot pioking up a native dog. ~ We were onoe camped in a, grove on the bank of a creek, sur party numbering over thirty people. We had horses, oxen, wag gons, and dogs, and were, spread oat over two acrea of ground. It was in the lion country, and they might bo expected to ap proach at night, bat on the seoond afternoon of oar camp, while all were engaged in clean ing«np, and making repairB, an alarm was suddenly raised. I supposed that Borne of the animals had stampeded, and ran aroand the waggon to get a clear view of the space between as and the creek. This creek was two hundred feet away, and. was eo nearly dry that one conld step across it. The bank on the other eide was rocky gronnd, jretty thickly covered with jicjab, and right [ini the brink Stood one of the largest lions I ever saw. He was oat in tall view, head and tail up, snd stood so still for a moment that I doubted if hewaB alive. There was a light breeze blowing toward us, and bb soon ea oar animals got tbe scent, it required the efforts of every native to prevent them from breaking away. Uy gnns were being cleaned and oiled, and my two v'tiite companions were looking after tbeir horses. No one had tbe least ides that tha lion meant mischief, and we were pre sently dumfoanded to see him spring across tbe creek and come walking inio camp. \V e measured bis leap, andfeandijto betwinty eight feet. He made it without an effort. I was to the right of him, and the centre of the camp was his objective point; The lion advanced at a walk, nttering no sound, and the snoots, screams, and whoops of tho men, backed by tbe bellowing of the cattle, aod the snorts of the horses, had no eSect on him. \- Wo had a new milch cow tied to tbe wheel of ore of the waggons, and the lion advanced to within thirty feet ol her, and then made a spring wh.'oh landed him fairly upon her back. She fell in a heap, and he seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakes whioh broke the gross rope wound her head, and he then got bis right shoulder nnder her, and started off. The cow weighed at least five hundred pounds, but ha carried her with perfeot ease, her hind feet dragging on the ground. At the creek he made a jump ot eleven feet, ascending a sloping bank without a halt, and Boon disappeared in the broken gromd with his prey. He was gone before we Ead a gnn ready. Indeed, we were lucky not to have lost half our animals.' I was no greenhorn in the animal bosinees at this date, bat this was the first time I bad ever witnesned|sucb cheek in a lion. Had I been told that he had suoh courage and coolness, I should have laughed the statement to Bcom. - As soon as order had been restored the three of us mounted our horses, and, pre ceded by five or six natives and their dogs, crossed the creek and took up the trail. After going aboot half a .mile we discovered the lion- sitting beside the carcass in a little hollow. He was sitting up like a dog, head turned towards us, bat as soon as he caw ns divide he ran* off with his tail down, evidently: thoroughly alarmed, and snob was bis spec h that we Boon lost him. We conld count on his returning to the body. during the night, and the natives were therefore set to work to dig a pit and conceal it. They regarded the lion as being as onnning as he was wise, apd the pit was not dug near the body, bnt thirty feet away bom it, and in the direction in which it was believedbe wonld drag tha body. If a lion or tiger leaves a body during tbe day, and returns to it at night, the first act is to drag ii some distance, as if . fearln'g au ambascade; While the', .rule ijl' not invari able, it holds good In most caseo,' A* ?', '-',- ' During the night' a dezrn' lions. scented around our camp, but. without' cannloKany alarm, and soon after i]»j))^ht iho natives went out to investigate! tho trap; No hunter ever bad sucba windfall before orilace. As night dame several lions' must ' Imve soentcd the cjichc, anil gathered for a feast,: The rlgbttnl ownrr elected, of eosrop,T»nd there wasauKh), Ilia r««a!t ;o( wlilah'was that three full-uruwn. tntUa tumbled into our pit. - A.-;- :-?.:;?'* ?-;;-??. ;;-'?-, Tl.l« (act dta not prevent Dthrr« from plok-. ing tbo urea's clean. Out) of- tbe Captives wai tlio cheeky old fellow «ho had ontared oureamp, ami trie other iwn; wtr«'Ju|ly as large, (n Ibucnurjo uT thu. forenoon .we had them oulsmMn tb» c«.j..'(, nriil two ol them are ia tba JJatted »l»t«« to d»v in Zoo ipgleU guiniliiir ?:- ?» : ,.-...., ..;?. -.....,: ;. . L TrnM:ar»plinty.of Jaatfnk'dirftlieii. men htve been BsUtd by lions and Ufcd torclslo «J-« pMtleuUM, iJ)OBj[b ih-, iwo iitttt at to lecfiatiorii., A wtek «ubi-qu-ii)t to oarcsp-' turo of tb- (Ur«o lions i bid been bat with' some ol thfl; n»Uvs;tOfprf por» nb»it in a rocky ravtsrit W«l-Mf J)ttll» a ilnut psn.-pf roekr »n|l ,!og» and pltcia :a;c»li gs b bun;..... ???;?.??..??-.? ?-;-'-i*.'#.^*-'-;?-'jt?::'-':' ','''''? ^fwion^tinatifltnmmHimtiin: c»mp, and no ono b«4 tbo l«»»t »M«(iloli-n ol the pi««ono» of ddbRir, jjntll a jljn;wlil(!h intf.iu.on t^^^^SStBSm srowlia* savsgelr. ' T- c nien rai . off about j tbreo hundred feet and then baited, which was, doubtless, j the reason why I I was not car ried off at once. I can say ' without conceit that Ic was fairly cool. It bad come so - suddenly that I had not time to get rattled. I had been told by an old Boer hunter that it I ever found myself 'in this fix to appeal to-the lion's tears. Had I moved my arm to get my pistol, the bcaet wonld have lowered his head and seized my throat. So long as I layqaiethe would reason that I was dead, and give his attention to tbe natives. AU of a sadden I balked oat like a dog, followed by a growl, an 1 that beast jumped twenty, feet in his sari use. He came down between me and tbe ui. lives, and I turned enoogh to eee that his tuil was down anil that hs was scared. I ottered farther baiks and growls, but Without moving a hand, and, after making a cirole slear around me, tbe lion bo d denly bolted and went eft with a scare which would last him a week. If yon had picked op a Hick and dis covered it to ba a snake, voa would have done just bb the lion did. Ho Bup posed he had pulled down a man. The man turned into a dog. It appealed to his fears. ? After tbe lion had gone I grew so weak that I had to be. carried to camp. He bad inflicted a pretty severe bite on my shoulder, and it was a fortnight before 1 conld hold my gan f or an off -hand Bbot. I had the pre sence of a captive daring this time to con sole me', however. No animal went near' the calf bn tho first or the second, bnt on the third we captare3-.a fine balf-growl male, and got him caged without trouble. Corionsly enough; he had offered the calf no violence, being overcome by the Bitaation, and when wefonndhim the two seemed to be on the best ot terms. , About four months later, on the Orange Biver, I bad a close call for my life, with no one at hand to aid me by distracting the attention of the lion. I had only one white man with me, and he was ill of fever. We had dng a pit on a path frequented by lions coming down to drink, but were much annoyed by other animals falling into it. tin tbe first night we caught two hyenas ; on the second a panther ; on the third a wild hog. These would have b~en prizes bad we not been after lions and lions alone. On the fonrtb night I stationed a couple of natives in a tree near the path to frighten off all game bat lions. They were hunters, and knew the walk ot a lion from that ot any other beast. When going down to drink-pwajo.n generally sniffs the air, probably wki what game ib abroad. On a roughVpath his tread is as heavy as a man's, and no one -who has hunted him need be afraid of making a mis take. On this night, after the natives had driven several useless animals away, a large lion and lioness came down tbe path. When first discovered, the lion was ahead, bnt he got the scent of the men in the tree, ana stopped short to growl and sniff, jrhile the lioness,' who was, perhaps, very thirsty, advanoed slowly and went down into the T?it. '--?'..? The pit was two miles bom onr camp, and wo beard nothing of the row which took place when the lion discovered tbe trick played on bis mate. He tore around for a Bpell like madj and then lay. down at tho foot of the tree and besieged the men. As soon as it was daylight I leltqamp on horse baok to ride over and sse what luck. I rode straight (or the place, and,. when wi(bin forty rods; called to tbe men. They an swered ai onoe, and though I oould not .make ont what they laid, I knew that they' were excitod over something. I was riding' aronnd a clem p ol trees on to.anopsn space/ when my hprso suddenly started. 'Nest instant I was' on the ground, and a Hon. standing over me, and I oould hear the horse tearing away .through the scrub like: mad: The lion bad pulled me down, nearly tearing the back ont of my coat: vest, and, shirt, but not drawing blood with his cfaws. ? ? ' ; As in tha previous os.se, I- was not frightened, because it had ooeiured bo' sud denly that I had not time to lose my nerve. I was on the left side; bareheaded, and tbe lion Btood tot a moment with bis right paw on my shoulder, looking^afttr tbe hoise. The natives saw the fleeing noree, knew very irell what had happened to mo, and at. once descended tbe tree and made, for camp. I did not blnmri them any, ana perhaps »b»t very action saved my life/' I had timoto oelleot my thoughts in. that single minute, and as I had routed one,llon by barking like a doft, I decided fo follow the same plan in tbii oas*. Bat, as Ijiid at tbe beginning,' nbnsareas nrillko ai men; Almy firit bark.' this fellow growled savagely, and gavo ma o terrible bile in the hip. '?-? Had I orisd ont at that, or made any straggle, be wonld have finished me atones. v. ? '? I.repressed my feelings and plsytd dead. I bad a revolver strapped to ray book, but it would not do to reach for II. After biting me the lion watched and watted for signs of life, and when bs oould detect nono, be seized my right shoulder* in his twin, gave me a shako and a twist, and noxl moment I was being carried off on bis bsok, ? Hii teeth did not touch my flub, and aa I Uy almost cross him . on my side, my hand struck tbe bntt of the rovolvu,' I had U oat ol the bolster in asaaond. : Wbsthet tbo boasi felt any movemonlor not be. growled at interraii, and his brcnth Mnie. back on m»io strong that I vaf nuniulsd. . I Intended to firp Into bim ai he ptrrisd mo along, bat bo was swaying abont io that I dared not risk It. v. After cirr/Ing mq half a mile through lbs sorub and orer broken groaod, tha lion ?uHod »l the head of a uvlns, in wbtob fat doubtle»l had hlsllar.^fc turned abonl.ai if to m« ' if jturialC ta^Ma rna.de,' and tb« muiitlaot the. pistol oaraoTPlnsl nil lilt bin. r fired at- onoo,. *Bd,ntxt;Initani. ?««a.(lunB;vln:»- Eeap'ontbaetrtb,'!) wbllo tbe lion, nt.-t teicJancrHKn of p»ln.' Ivwas-pn..; myikMes^io^H; flish,-;butr'.»lir tlB^BB^aBSBSBSSiBSBl g|B9 into the ravine, and I conia hear him ranning for somo distance. T was badly shaken np, but I lost no time in getting ont ot the neigh borhood, and in the course of an hoar reached camp. Nearly everybody was ont looking for me. Bee now how inconsistently that lion ootedl He«ame ont into the open ground and charged tbe party ot over twenty men, although they had not dislrxbed him. , He had ran from me in bis surprise, and. now I felt ashamed of himself. He, knocked over a native as he charged, bnt was then riddled with bullets and gave up the ghost. 