WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEfc > ILLUSIONS. SCIENCE has done much to show that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more th^' illusi va fancies often Resulting from physical derangement, and we may depend, upon it ttyit the explanation of many illusions tjiat qnfe were mysteries, is to be found in a study of the phyBi " of the nerves of th"e mind, thoroughly elucidate the subject of these illusions within ft Qpef space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pageB of the physiologist One of the best known ca666—derivingits interest from th e fact that the6ubjectof the visitations in question himself narrates the facts—is tbat of Nicolai, s well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, who read an account of liis case before the Berlin Academy of Sciences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During the few latter months of the year 1?90, 6ays Nicolai, "I had experienced several melancholy incidents, which deeply affected me, particularly in September, from which time I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this bad been done once on the 9th of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. . . . I had, in January and February of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circe—stances, which were followed on the Si <of February by a most violect altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to console me; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most powerfully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about thejdistance of ten Eteps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it It was but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a restlsBe sleep, which lasted about half-an-honr. The phy- sician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences which deserve a more minute description. "At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; bnt there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first After the fust day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively smelL . . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. They all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as t t o l w c e t t j n j different colours and fashions in their dresfbs, though the colours seemed somewhat paler than in real nature; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, mcst of them being of an indifferent shape, and some presenting a pleasing aspect The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more ; requently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after they had first appeared I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, bat more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; their speeches being uncommonly short and never of an unpleasant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, which had not yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed tome when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I was accosted by. these consoling friends while I was engaged in company, and not unfrequently while real persons were speaking to me. The consolatory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed." Such was ?ticolai's account of the phantom-visitors who addressed and consoled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to pursue still further his account of their disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs us the operation was performed- " No person," he continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation my chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This continued uninterruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion commenced. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white. But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in number, as had generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was. entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolai, "I have felt twice or three times a sensation as if they were going to reappear, without, however, actually seeing anything. The 6ame sensation surprised me just before I drew up this account while I was examining some papers relative to these phenomena, which I had drawn up in the year 179L" " Such is a historical account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reasonable individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable to give one or two further examples of the phenomena in question. On theoccasion of the fire which destroyed part of tie Crystal Palace in the winter of 1866-7, part of the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flames. Tho chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from his cage and was presently seen on the roof endeavouring to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of the iron beams xniich the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched with an intense curiosity, mingled with horror and sympathy for the supposed fate which awaited the unfortunate monkey. What was the' surprise of the spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of canvas bl&u;, so tattered, that to the eye of the imagination, and when moved by the wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a struggling animal! Such ah example is of especial interest, because it proves to us that not one person alone, but a laige number of spectators, may be deceived by an object imperfectly seen, and aided in the illusion by a vivid imagination, into fancying all the "details of a spectacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A singular case has been given on strict medical authority of a lady, who, walking from Penrhyn to Falmouth —her mind being occupied with the subject of drinking fountains—was certain she saw in the roat a newly-erected fountain, bearing the inscription, " If any man thirst, let him come unto me and dank." As a matter of course she mentioned her interest in seeing such on erection to the daughters of the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no 6uch fountain was in existence; but convinced of the reality of her senses on the ground that " seeing is believing," she repaired to the spot where she had seen tie fountain, only to find, however, a fewscattered stones in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation or such curious henomena in human existence. The auses of these illusions are not difficult to nderstand, since they in reality depend P° n » sligiit derangement of the po^re J^iL™ 5 ^ hear in an oriLary nd normal method. To makeourmeaning «*ear, let ns briefly consider what takes /place in ordinary sensation, when we see „. hear the objects * and sounds of every-day existence. He eye alighting on an object transfers an impressionof that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of eight, which leads &om; the eye to the part of tie brain gfcercisine e'sense of sight Wie in .reality do not see with the eye. That organ is merely an usangemetit of lenses adapted to receive, foens, am} otherwise adjust niyE of light streaming from the objects we see. The function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlating the conditions necessary for the production of an impression. This impression is carried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation—that of sight We thus truly 6ee not with the eye, but with the brain, or rather with that portion of th brain which lies in direct relation with t nerves of sight. Tie eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; but the brain corresponds to the sensitive plate whicli receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be expressed—namely, that in the brain and not in the mere organ of sense must be allocated the trae seat of knowledge. The ear modifies waves of sound; but it is tie brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of bearing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the band. The impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to be analysed, commented upon, and if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are conscious of looking at a real object, a sensation of sight it formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we call an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object So also, "when we hear a tone played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound S f s is then called " subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of tiie mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day-dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes in which he has onoe taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by tiie words which unconsciously flow from his lips as bis imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imitation of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with ns. In the dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness so o speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, he pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the dds and ends of its fancy to form the udicrous combinations we are familiar ith in the "land of Nod." And if we arry_ the idea of this same power being xercised in our waking moments, to form he ghosts of science, the explanation of he otherwise curious and mysterious EUBect of illusive visions will be complete. We know then tbat the brain has the ordiary power of forming images which may be projected outwards in the form of the ancies of every-day life. But these proected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite conditions. When we bear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of bearing in such a case is on internal or subjective one. When we see flashes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the sparks or flashes of light are subjective sensations. _ They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the impressions of siglit had the objects in question had an actual existence. But the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be found that illusive visions appear only when the health of the subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. The derangement of the health is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom he knew. "Such visions then may be supposed to amply represent the effects of very recent images which had been received and stored in the brain, and which were evolved by the exercise of unconscious memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made—memory again reproducing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is tbat these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom he could not remember; mysterious reproductions, by the brain, of events which had been impressed thereon, but which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could lie thus produced, and present apparently the images of persons with whom he was not, as a matter of conscious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words, registers and remembersmore thm memory can evolve; and it is reasona )le to conceive that forgotten images of tilings or persons once seen formed the ysterious strangers of Nicolai's waking "earns. It is noteworthy that only after a long jeriod of visitation from his fantastic riends did Nicolai begin to hear them 6peak. Thus, the sense of hearing had also come in time to lend its aid in propagating the illusions; and the fact tbat the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the unconscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the comfort and consolation of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their host is proved by their disappearance on tlie resumption of the customary blood-letting and the improvement of the health—an additional fact showing the relation of the healthy body to the sound mind. All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures, of an imagination which, through some brain disturbance, is enabled to project its visions forward on the seats of sense, as the " ringing " in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of the present memory, and the unknown vision _is the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus—as we have before had_ frequent occasion to assure our readers -^dispel the illusion by its free explanation ; and science has no higher function or nobler use than .when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious and brought within tiie sphere of ordinary knowledge. 