TRAVEL, THE PERILS OF CIIAMOIS HUNTING., Tun thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and expectations as to the wonders and rarities which the Swiss llighlandsswill offer them. Amongst these is the expectation of seeing, and perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expectations, this is the one least likely to be fullfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpineo climbers, have seen the chamois in his native haunts. The swift-footed antelope of the Alps still wanders over tlteti in larger or smaller herds, but only the mat who Is able to climb tp the precipitous rock walls with unflinching cournce, antd miscles of iron, and hla lio fear o' bchig attacked by giddi ness when seatdd across a rock saddle with a precipice setieral thousands feet in depsth below him, tall reasonably hope to see the beautiful animals grazing ona narrow strip of grass, and admire the sentinel doe, as it looks sharply in all directidnso in order to sniff this eppivoihliu??a dnilgcr miles away, find Warn its companions by a shrill whistle, resembling a robber's signal. Shoull, however, this sentry notice hitt, the whole herd speedily disappear like spectres, unless tihe locality and chance compel them to dash mtadly along the fiehls of ice. The cause of this is that malt leis so inexorably pnrslCed the giracefil ainiunals which, so late as the beginning of this century, animated the more accessible mountain crests; that tlhey ? ae how dtiven back to the litost savage solitudes, and live in the vicinity of the eternal snow, save in winter, when they seek a shelter from the intern peranco df the weather In forests loweir dOwn Ilht tnblnt.aitins When day is breaking, or the moon is shining very brightly, the chamois will descend from the mountains amid seek more convenient panstur?ga thought its alway I at i, spot slrtonitdrt. b?' fuodks. Foiii 5 to 11 o'cl0ck they enjoy a siesta, but at mid day wend their way upwards again, and repose till about 4 o'clock in time vicinity of -the glaciers. The active animals are re markable sportive in autumn and early winter, when they frolic abotit the most dizzy precipices in wild deligllte throw eacl other down in tuirn ivith.their horns, and I go thiorlglt th? loost amttslngsham fights at spots where tlhe nearest relativo of the ctae mois--the splendidlyclimbingAlpine goat dares not venture. At the most inaccessible grass plots of tlhe steepest peaks, or on the ledges scarce a foot wide, which wind along the side of prectpices; the antelope of the mountains moves with an ease and grace and elasticity of the sinews which border on the fabulous. Active, rfacefullv built, and with a sensible i0o1i, theb etamois, Wlthill isdiun-coloured in summer,arid ntearly black in winter, withll its curved andbrilliant polished horns, is surpassingly beautiful; its muscles become elastic and stiff as steel springs; and, rivalling the wind in speed, it bountds with glorious leaps over abysses and ice: once a ravine on the Monte Rosa, which a chamois had cleared at a leap, was measured, and it Wats fotnd to be twenty four feet iii whith. The scent of tile chamios is as splendidly organized as its muscles and sinews; it sniffs the hunter standing to windward -for an enormous distance, and in such a case behaves far more restlessly than if it really saw him. If a clhamois in its flight dashes against a rock, and finds that it can neither advance nor retreat, it does notstandlong undecided, but measures the distance to the next station with rapid determination, attempts an impossibility, and a bound into the abyss, where it Is smashed to atoms, is the eud. I a hunter be the sole obstacle in its return path, it darts back with the speed of ani arrow, and the lhunter is forced to lie down at once on Iris stomach, unless he wish to lie toppled over the precipice by the infuriated atimal. If lie does so, however, the chamois quietly leaps over him. Even in falling, the sensible animal does not lose its presence of mind, and if in the middle of the drop it notice a projection in the steep rocks wall, it bends its body into a curve during the fall, in order to reach the projection, and is frejiiently successful in escaping. Such is the nature of the animal which men follow to its last hiding-place along dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of its wonderful qualities, its tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a good prize down to the valley; but in the end they almost always lose the stake they most constantly risk, namely, their life. Thus the two mnost celebrated chamois huntersin Glarus,-David Zricki and Kasper Blumter, - after killing many hundred chamois, fell victims to their almost demo niacal passion for the chase, in spite of their astounding coolness and skill in climbing. The first was missing for six and- thirty weeks, and no one knew whether the powerful man was still alive. At length his skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foxes, was found on a slope of the steep Auern Alp. Ile must have suffered frightfully, for, judging from a broken foot, and the spot where his body was found, lie had dragged himself a long distance after his fall, and had perished of hunger and cold, after firing signals of distress. Blumer fell over an enormo us Iprecipice on the Vorder hl:ir nisch, anl his mangled corpse was not found till the following summer. Myreaders are probably familiar with the story of the Berncse hlunter, who fell through a hidden crevasse on the uclh-frequented Grindel wahl glacier, but reached the dry ground without any injury, and passed with indes cribable dilliculty through a hollow formed in the glacier by a running stream, till lie reached tile edge of the ice. But such for tunate escapes are rare, and it has fre quently happened that a man who has fallesn through a crevasse has been com polled to wait for hours, ay, for days and nights, till his companions succeeded in restoring him to daylight by means of ropes and sticks. More fortunate tllan the majority was the notorious chamois slanglhtorer, Marcus Colani, of P'ontrcsina. This strange and dalngerous man, wlho had decized on an enormous lunting-grounds, into lwhich no otlher lhunter cared to vcntirc, and in which hlie kept entire herds of half tamted chanlmois, had killed, when hie reachled his sixty-sixth ,ear,ino less tlhan 2,800 hIandl of thelse animals, a number never attained tsy any other hunter before or after him. This prince of lhunters died quietly in Iris Ibed, althlough his death was brought on by thile fatigue of a hIunting expedition. Thie dalngers to which I have alluded are not, however, tlhe only ones whichl menace the hunter in hIis daring expeditions. The most formitdable enemy of the hunter is undoubtcdlly the fog, which, at times, suddenley surrounds him when Ito Ilas reached the hligliest glacier ground, anti through its extraordinary density does not allow Ilim to see an inch before or behind him. It is an awful position for a man to be obliged to grope hiis way along a path scarce a foot broad, over a yawning abyss, or avoid tihe crevasse, treachcrously covered lsy snow, on the extensive glacier. It is literally a wall along the narrow line of demarcation bctween life and death, and it requires all tihe coolness and skill of these men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, however, they seek a more secunre spot, and, after fastening themselves to a rock, by means of the rope they always carry with them, so as not to roll over tlhe precipice, they ipass the night in the im mediate vicinity of the eagles and vultures. It is a very cool bivounc, though, for after the supper of soup, whlich the hunter has prepared in his iron pot, le is often com pelledl to protect himself against being frozen to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone back wardn and forwvard. Thie following adventures,whichi I do not think lhave been before published, will supply further proof of the dangers to which the chammos hunters are exposed: "I went," the ex-clhamois htmter and ex cellent guide, Matthias IHefli, of Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and withlout tihe knowledige of my parents, to hiunt chamois on the Biielhi Alps. My trouble and my seeking were thrown away; the cunning animals had scented me. I had niot been atlo to get the winldol them, and whlen I, panting, reaclhed the crest of tile mountain, I had thie plea sure of seeing a small herd of five head dnshing dlown tlhe opposite slope as quickly as greased liglhtning. Soctl a sight is very disagreeable, and 1 started homeward, as twiiglht was approaching, in a melancholy moot. I first went down a place whelre thie cruiubling rock gave way every moment under mny feet, so that, in reality, I rathler rolled down than walkeld, and thuas reached a plateau, on whlici stood a solitary sonaemr but, whlich was a consolution if badsweather delayedt my return hiome..I had noticed tile spot accurately snI went up tile moun tain, and, from marks of blood and other thingsI I felt certain that a pig must have been killed there a few days previously. Unluckily, there was no one in the cabin, and it must have been left by its occupants a very little while before, which is not at all an extraordinary thing on the Alps. Well, then, as I walked moodily along, and took a peep at the deserted cabin, a filure I had never seen before rose in front ofme in the growing darkness, in whose roundt helad two eyes glistened like red-hot bullets. The creature did not appear to have any very friendly views, for it was still light enough for me to notice the long, snow white fangs which it showed me as a greet ing. I tell you, friend, that was a critical moment, and my young legs began to tremble under me. Oh! laugh away; but I am certain that, under similar circum stances, you wothld have made the most speedy use of your organs of locomotion. I should have done so too, had not the road td r treat been so murderously steep, so that I could iiot hojie to make much way. D)esjeratidtl lta itnade innn" is hero before now, and so, with a considerable amount of terror, I raised my rille, took a carefjil aim at tihe breast of the brute, which was still gnashing itq teeth, pulled the trigger, and, lo andt behold you, the beast turned two or three somiersaultsl 1 The shot echoed like thunder through thce valleys: but I lihad not much time to listen to it for such a frightful yelling was niingled with the echo thant my ears still rinq with it. Lookina neither before nor belhind ile, I ran past the cabin, down the mountain, like a sheep; pursued by a vul ture; Only- once In ini life did I go down hill o tliiickly, anti 'I will teoli yu how presently. W~Yen I told the story at home, with a pi-eciously long face; several neigh- i bours had dropped in. as is often the case in mountain Tillhgesi They all agreed to go to tih Alpo the ne.t infhlng to see what inbnstr'?s light of life hail puffed out. [My story, probaldy, appeared rather un satisfactory, and only the more aroused the curiosity of the neighbours. Tlhey started at dedy rretnl anliiati t d' .yo!l think they foiinrd Cls6 itO iho ddbin liiy my gamo; y with a hole in Ihis chest, frozen stiff, anl it was a magnificent full-grown male lynx I that had probably coume to fetch its share of the cluitterling soup from the cabin." "The next time," so my original narrator 1 went on-"the snext time, when I came down frid thle mitintains at it greater pace still, was whetl I started one morning with my brother, who was several yeara older, to Lhi itn tlip oVoler Gliirniscli There is a climbing titelf, I tail you; which not only makes you forget lhearilig anli seeing, but draws the very marrow out of your biEne, To crawl along a ledge about the width of yout garter; on one side of you the smooth, perpendicular precipice, above you the blue sky, and then, on your other side and be neath you, the deep, blanrtk nothing, three or four thousand feet deep, that might, dindoe certain circumstances, confuse the strongest head; and if you do begin to feel giddy, it is just as if a ghost were palling yeo by the legs, and you fall into the gulf without making .your will or receiving absolution. "Well, I am a Glirner and so I and my brother trotted merrily along over the roll ing boulders; until we reached a slope covered with etrhal sil?ot whilich rati down into a kettle filled with blocks of granite. WYe had to cross this in order to reach the opposite cresti behind which, again, was a favourite watering-place of the chamois. Generally creeping on all-fours, like a slater hanging on a church roof, we climbed un daututedly utip the sleep slope on the other side of the valley, the sharp rocks which peered out of the snow affording us a very useful holdfast every now and then. After a good half-hour s sharp climbing, we at length reached the top, and took a oolk round us. lIere was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of the mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten feet high, which, from the bottom, had looked quite easy to cross. This wall, against which we had really run our noses, rose for some distance along the crest of the mountain, and then became lower and more easy to cross. The road to tile lower part did not look very diflicult, if we kept close to the rock wall, at the base of which the pale sunbeams had freed a narrow strip of ground from snow. We therefore walked cautiously onwards, and increased our pace as the road began to descend. We went, as it were, of ourselves, down hill, through the dust- like but deep layer of snow.' All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around our cars, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Good heavensl the dust avalanche! Keep your head up, or you will be choked I' my brother elouted to me, and that was all I could hear through the infernal row, for after tlhat my senses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When I woke again, it was in consequence of an anything but gentle grasp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on which the avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had comn fortably landed me in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of three- hundred well-measured Swiss feet. It was a very peculiar feeling that came over me, when I at length succeeded in removing from my eyes the snow, which whirled round like tine dust, and looked down into the bottom less depths. If the avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom come." "I suppose your appetite for chamois hunting was satisfied for that day, old fellow, and that you behaved in the same way as after the glorious shot at the lynx ?" I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so?" lie replied, in his peculiar drawling way. "When I made that leap I was no longer a lad of fifteen. Mly spirit bottle, it is true, had been broken to shivers in my hurried journey, but my brotheris was all right, After we had beaten the snow out of our clothes as well as we coutld-wlhicl, by the way, was no easy jobl, because tihe avalanclhe dlust 1lolds very tightly together-wo both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which lhad been fortunately swept clear, and reachedl the top all right. Two hours later, a splendid buck was writhing on the ground, which my brother halnd driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisied withll ourday's work, in spite of the trilling accident." A few remarks may be admissible about the huintes equipmnent. Ills clothes are made of coarse,undyed wool, and he carries with himi, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore-conical balls have been proved to be unsuitable-an moderatelvsized Alpine stock, a pouch containing poarder, ball, and tele scope, and an iron pot. Ils food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which lihe converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of the pot. If Ihe is in cashl, lie talkes a bottle of cherry brandywith him also. Tile hunter pays special atten tion to Iis shloes, which are made much after thle fushion of tlie hard chamois Ieoof; tlhey are very strongly sewn, and the soles are covered with sharp nails, so tlhat he may hIave a footloll on thie rocks and ice tields. Ordinary shoes woull be in rags after one aly of suchll walking, icandt not protect tle feet sutiiciently from injury. From tihe few cursory remarks I lhave been able to manke, it will be Iplainly seen that cshanois hiunting hls long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real liunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable passion, whichl, though noble, may be compared withll tlhat of pro fessional gamblers; and something far beyond a thirst for gain impels these daring andi desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At theo same time, the majority of the hunters are poor men, capable of standing any amount of fatigue, and ac quainted with tle smallest details of the mountains. Thlough we read in the news papers every now and then that someprince or minister has recently made a bold trip through thie Berneso Obcrland, and been so fortunate as tokill a splenlid chamois, I am free to confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to tie truth of the state ment. I hlave on some occasions seen tlhe hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a cllamnois expedi tlion laughil most meaningly when allusion was made to such success. Th?le chlamois lhunter is a silent, and, at thie same time, most practical fellow, and need not be ex pectedl to tell how many ducats he earned by surrendering his claim to tlhe honour of a good shot. IF a mnn has a qnarrelsome temper, let him alone. The worhdl oowill on fild him emplosyment. lie will soo mIneet with some ono stronger thian himsuelf who will repay him better than you can. A man mayigli duels all his lifeif he is disposed to quarrel. 