? DRAMAS OF LIFE. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. i j THAT WICKED GIRL. BY GEOHGE R. SIMS. ! Author of "Tales of To-day," "TheDagonet j Ballads," "How the Poor Live." "That wicked gal," Mrs. Perkins called her, and really, according to Mrs. Perkins, Mary was desperately wicked and deceitful above all things. Mary didn't look wicked. If ever there w;as a wolf in sheep's clothing, always granting that Mrs. Perkins was right, and that she was a wolf, it was Mary. Mrs. Perkins was the proprietoress of that commodious and fgenteel-looking doublefronted house which stands in the best position of the Marine Parade, Hastings, commands an excellent view of the seaj and can be thoroiighly recommended for its comfort and its cleanliness and moderate charges ; Mary is the housemaid, parlour-maid, nursemaid, footman, light porter and boots, all rolled into one. The only portion of the household duties of which Maiy bas not. a considerable share is the cooking. Prospect Mansion—"Mansion" is quite giving the "House" and the "Villa" the go-by now-a-days—has a reputation for being much affected be the elite of seaside visitors. Mrs. Perkins is very particular indeed about her lodgers, if I may apply so vulgar a term to the good lady's visitors, which is the word she generally uses herself. She has had some wonderful people occupying her rooms at different times; and having a reputation of taking "sombodies" she is not going to give it away by taking "anybodies." Mrs. Perkins' drawing-room floor was once occupied for a whole fortnight by a widow • lady, whose brother was a lord, and a relation of a member of the Government-, and the day. that the lord called upon the widow, and when Mary—of course " the wicked gal" had a dirty apron on, and had put the blacklead brush wrong side up across her face when wiping a' bottle fly from her brow with the back of her hand—when Mary, with dirty apron and blacldeaded face, said, "what name, please, sir _" and the gentleman replied, " Lord St. Jones." Mrs. Perkins, who was coming upstairs with her apron full of cauliflowers to show tlie lady in the dining-room, dropped the lot in her confusion mingled with pride, and tearing lier a]iron off, rushed to the door and exclaimed with a profusion of apologies, " This w-ay. my lord, allow me to show your lord-hip."' His lordship was a short, thin littlo man in baggy black trousers, and a tall hat that had turned brown with exposure to the weather, and he snorted and grunted a good deal while getting up the stairs and said '* " when he nearly broke his leg by falling over a dustpan with the broom aud the dust in it, which "that wicked gal"—just as if she'd done it on purpose, my dear—had left on the top stair, but he was a lord, and the old lady whom he had come to see was his sister, and a lord's sister was in Sirs. Perkins's drawing-room, which was an honour and a never-to-be-forgotten glory to Prospect Mansion, and all that appertained thereto. The lord's sister was the only approach to "the titled aristocracy" who had honoured Prospect Mansion with their patronage, but there were many "good families," including one stout- lady with a very red face, who brought her own carriage with her—a yellow chariot, with red wheels, which was the envy of all the other householders in the terrace. Mrs. Perkins never failed to feast her eyes ujion that yellow chariot when it stood at her door. It showed the quality of the visitors who selected Prospect Mansion for their temporary abode. It was true that the horse was rather tiu, and stood with his front legs at such an angle that his front feet very nearly touched his hind feet, but that didn't take the yellow from the chariot, or the red from the wheels.' ilis. Perkins had also among her regular clients many clerical families, and there is always something intensely respectable about the female relatives of the clergy. When clergymen's wives or widows take one floor in your house it really doesn't matter who has the otherapartmeiits.^Abishop'swifeinthedrawingroom would neutralize even a young foreign lady with golden hair who smoked cigarettes in the dining-room. There was a Mr. Perkins at Prospect Mansion, but he didn't matter much. Nobody ever paid the slightest attention to linn, except when he was in the way downstairs, which he generally was. Mr. Perkins was a melancholy thin man of about forty-five. He was supiiosed to be in delicate health, which prev'T.f '.l liini following any business. His one occupation iu life was obliterating himself in his own house, and keeping the child quiet. The child was a little girl of six, who was always with Mrs. Perkins when she was good, and always with Mr. Perkins when she was naughty, or when Mrs. Perkins had one of her bad headaches—a state of affairs by no means uncommon. Very humble, very subdued, Sir. Perkins endeavoured as far as possible to be invisible. He was afraid of everybody in the house. Except Mary. Even Mr. Perkins, who allowed himself ta be crushed by the cook, and would step aside to allow the boy who came in for an hour of a morning to do the boots to pass, plucked up spirit enough to agree that Mary was " a wicked gal." Mr. Perkins had in early life been in service It was popularly rumoured that he had been a coachman, or au under gardener or something that necessitated a good deal of hat touching, for this was a habit he could not break himself of—he never met any of his -wife's lodgers—or shall we say "visitors ?"—when he was out, but up went his forefinger" to tho brim of his hat, and when he had no hat on, and he met them indoors, in the passage or on the stairs, which was not often, up went his finger to the one lock of hair that still lingered, a silent witness of what had been, on his bald and shiny brow. In addition to Mary and Mrs. Perkins and Mr. Perkins, and tho little girl, the family contained an Irish cook of fiery temper and voluble utterance. "An excellent cook," said Mrs. Perkins, "an indefatigible worker— but really, at times, too violent in her language to the tradespeojile.'" 1 Mrs. Perkins confessed that the butcher-boy was a fiend to stop and assist in everyfsfcreet fight of a morning, instead of bringing the meat in time for the middleday meals of her visitors, but it was most unfortunate that the bishop's lady should have had her -window -wide open just at the time that cook was informing -"the fiend" in the strongest words of her vocabulary that he waa a murtherin' blackguard, and calling upon the saints to do him dire and boodthirsty mischief. It was in this delightful household that Mary Jones^endeavoured conscientiously to do her duty. She was a mild, amiable girl, wlioafter living a life of lodging-house slaveydom from the age of twelve to the age of twenty-five, had come to the conclusion that what everybody said was right, and that she must lie awfully stupid and awfully wicked. Like Topsey she guessed that she was born so, for she tried her hardest to be good and to please, but somehow or other the fates were against her. On the 17th of September, 1882, a day never to be forgotten in the life annals of Mary Jonc-s, ''the wicked gal" had been exceptionally wicked—all day long the lower legions had echoed with cries of "Mary, you wicked gal, you've been and upset the gravy on the stair carpet," "Mary, you wicked gal, do you know that j'ou've left youe dustpan on the drawing-room sofa 'r " Mary, shure, - its a saint from heaven that ye'd be' aggravaitiu', and it's the inisthress that ye're muitherm' with ye're wicked wars, and she a? she is too." This was a delicate allusion on the part of the Irish cook before missus to missus's health, 'and the approaching advent of another little Perkins. Poor Mary had gone hot and cold, aud trembled as her various delinquencies wore pointed out to her. She had wept and sniffed, and dec!aired.riiore tlinn once that she would go and "drownd" hc-rs-.-lt in the conveniently situated sea ; but for all that she had gone on with her work until she was dead beat, aud as she expressed it, "felt regularly sinking and all over alike." The evening w ound up with a little dispute between Cook and Maiy, in which Cook loudly expressed her astonishment tliat Mary wasn't afraid of being struck dead for telling lies; and then, as was her icustom, Mrs. Perkins assembled her husband and domestics for family prayer, and prayed a long prayer at Mary with incidental minor prayers dropped in promiscuously for Mr. Perkins, who had declined to go out and send the niggers away because the little boys jeered him, a course of conduct which had induced tlie cook to say that it would be a mercy if the expected little Perkins wasn't born black. Prayers over, Mrs. Perkins retired to rest, Mr. Perkins went out in the back yard for his evening: pipe, cook locked up the larder, and Mary, having made everything ready for the morning, toiled wearily up to her attic, and utterly worn out threw herself ou the bed undressed, and fell fast asleep. Cook slept in the basement, and Mary Occupied this little attic all by herself, so there was no one to call hera wicked girl for this disorderly proceeding. How long Mary had been asleep she didn't know, but- she woke with a sudden start, and sitting uji <m the bed, begau to rub ixer eyes and wonder where she was. Somebody was knocking at the door. " Yes." exelainnjd Mary, jumping up, "what is it?" "Ojien the door," exclaimed cook's voice, "sure it's missus as is took bad, i and ye're to go for the doctor at once, i Masthcr won't isve the misthress; she won't let him." Mary was fortunately dressed, and was downstairs and had her bonnet and shawl on in a minute. She thought master might have gone at such a hour of the night, but she thought it would be wicked to say so, so off she sped towards the doctor's. The doctor's house was in darkness. She felt very nervous alwut ringing him up, but she supposed doctors didn't mind, so she gaye a gentle pull at the bell, which to her horror, clanged through the house. A window opened above and a head appeared, and a voice belonging to the head asked what was the matter. " Please, sir, will you come to missus, she's took bad." " And who is your missu« ?" " Mrs. Perkins, sir, No. , Marine Parade." " All right," "I'il In; there directly." Bank went the window down, and Mary delighted to think that she hadn't made any mistake, or been abused for knocking a gentleman up in the middle of the night, came down off the doorsteps and made the best- of her way towards home. When she got there she put her hand in her pocket for the key which she had brought with her, and to her horror failed to find it. She turned everything out of her pocket again and again; she grew hot and cold. Tlie key was gone! , She must have dropped it som re m tho ,road. What sjiould. she. do ? Knock at the door and explain that she liad lost the key. No, she daren't do that. It would upset the missus if she heard of it.' Missus was awfully nervous-of burglars, -and at' such a time as the present she musn't be upset. She must walk back .tlie way she had come, and look for the key. . There was no one about; the chances were that she would find it. If she left it till the morning some one would find it. perhaps a bad character, and come and let himself in when nobody was about, and walk off with the great coats and the umbrellas, perhaps with the teapots and the knives aud ' forks. So poor Mary, feeling more wicked than she had ever felt in her life, went back the way she had oome, peering along the pavement, looking into the road, searching everywhere for the lost latchkey. On the way she met the doc-tor. He Waa walking rapidly. Mary slipped aside, so that he should not notice her. He -Would get to the house first. They would wonder where she was. They would be sure to want her for something. If there was any work to be done she was sure to be wanted. Whatever would they think had become of her ? Still, she must find the key. Her life would be a burden to her if she didn't. Cook was as nervous as missus—no one wculd go to sleep in the house if that latchkey was lying about Hastings. It never occurred to the worried and badgered young woman that the lock could be altered. All she thought of was that she had committed another act of outrageous wickedness, and lost the key of the house. She walked on rapidly, stopping to look at everything that gleamed or glistened in the moonlight. She picked up a hairpin, an old nail, aud a pair of rusty scissors, but the latchkey was nowhere to be seen. She rcached the'doctor's house, and then her heart gave a sudden bound for joy. There lying on the side of the step was the latchkey. She remembered pulling her handkerchief out while she was waiting for the bell to be answered. She must have dropped the key then. She seized it eagerly, she felt inclined to Jdss it aud cry over it, but she mastered her emotion, and clutching it firmly in her hand, was preparing to take to her heels and ran as bard as she could when the'doctor's front door opened and a ghost came out! Yes, a ghost ! Mary was too liorrified to faint—too paralyzed to shriek. A_ long, tall figure dressed in white came gliding out of the door and passed quite close to her. Maiy shrank back against the wall and held her breath. But as the figure passed her she saw that the ghost had a human face—a beautiful face—the face of a young woman. It glided on across the road, and wont slowly towards the Parade. Then Mary suddenly rceognised the fact that it was not a ghost. It was a young woman dressed in white. But what on earth could a young- lady be going on to the Parade for at two o'clock in the morning? The figure reached the Parade, then stepped on to the beach, and went slowly down to the sea. What was the strange young lady going to do? Mary's heart stood still. The young woman had reached the edge of the waves—they were rolling up and wetting her feet. Great Heavens, the youug woman was walking on !—walking into the sea. She would be drowned. Maiy could never think how the sudden courage came, or what put it into her head to do what she did, instead of shrieking. But a sudden strength seemed to take possession of her limbs—a nervous energy surged up in her brain. With a little cry she ran forward and darted across the beach after the young woman. She was too late. The young woman was in the sea, the waters were closing over her. None of us know how we should act in such a desperate moment. Mary never thought of the danger to herself, or the lonely shore and the wide ocean, and only the stars looked down upon that death struggle. .She only saw that a woman was drowning and she rushed in after her, rushed in madly, and just as a wave of the incoming tide carried a floating form nearer her she seized the suicide by the dress and shouted for help and dragged with all her might, struggling fiercely to keep her own feet to the ground, and her own head above the waves. It all seemed the work of a moment, and then slie was on the shore—one desperate tug and she and the suicide lay together side by side on the beach. •She heard the sound of voices—the saw two men leaning over her, she heard a shout, and she knew no more until she opened her eyes and found herself in a strange room. '' Where am I she said. A kind voice answered her, "You are all right." She looked up and recognised the doctor she had been to fetch on the previous night to missus • "Oh, dear'" she said, " however did I come here? Let me go home, they'll be wondering what's become of me." Then she remembered something of what had happened. ""The young lady, she said, " was she drowned ?" " Nosaid the doctor, "you saved her, but you mustn't talk any more yet awhile. You shall know all about it presently." "How's missus'?' " As well as can be cxpected, and eo's the baby." " That's all right," said Mary, with a deep sigh, and then the " wicked girl" closed her eyes and dropped off to deep again. • • • j * « When Mary had quite recovered from the excitement and terror of her night's adventure and was able to get up the doctor told her all about it. The young lady she had seen coming out of Ids bouse was. a young lady patient who had been staying with him and his wife for the benefit of her health. She had had a love disappointment and had given way to melancholia. No serious consequences were anticipated, but it was thought advisable that she should be under the constant supervision of a medical man, so she had been sent down with a trained nurse to the doctor's hoase liy father, who • was a distant- relative of the doctor. The young lady had grown gradually'worse, but she liad done nothing which would lead to a belief that she contemplated suicide. The nurse had, however, been told to watch her carefully, and had done so. The night that the doctor was called out the voung lady was awakened by the ringing of the bell. The nurse, wTioliad been suffering from neuralgia, had foolishly taken an opiate to make her sleep, and the young lady, finding herself unwatched, probably made up her mind to escape from those she considered to bo her gaolers. She must have opened the door and crept downstairs noiselessly in her nightdress, and walked out into the street. Then she saw the sea, and the idea of suicide came into her poor wandering mind. . But for Mary's lost latchkey having brought her' back to the sjiot the young lady's body would probably have been found the next day on -the beach, or perhaps picked up at sea. • • j • > • When' Mary got back to Prospect Mansion missus, of course, was upstairs in bed, but cook received her and tossed her head, and said it was a nice thing for " respectable servant gals to'go to a roaming the streets af night, and jumping into the sea, and she never beard of such things." She wanted to call Mary a "wicked gal," but she didn't quite see how to do it. Mr. Perkins seemed very much upset, and looked more seared and dazed than usual. The affair had made a great deal of commotion in Hastings, and people called at the house to make enquiries about it. It had got into the papers, too, and this Mr. Perkins, on his wife's behalf, resented. Mrs. Perkins wasn't quite Bure how her 4 1 visitor" would take it. She , Jfaid if was just having a murder com- i mitted in the lic'ise. It made evory1>ody lixjk up and point to her windows, and she was sure, there was a crowd hanging about outside, and if there was, her drawing-rooms would give notice and her dining-rooms would leave. But none of these things happened. As soon as the visitors in tlie house heard the story they all develojied a sudden desire to lie waited njion by the brave young woman, and they kept her talking and telling them about it over and over again till cook declared she would give notice, for if that "wicked gal," Mary, stopped chattering and scandal-mongering all day long how was the work to lie done, with M issus ill and Master a-wandering about the place aud getting in the way as though he'd been brought ashore drowned himself ? Cook hadn't a logical way of putting her ideas together, but she made up for the lack of quality by the superabundance of quantity. Mary went about her work as though nothing had happened, simply grateful that she hadn't been discharged for her carelessness in losing the latch-key, and her wickedness in rescuing young women from the ooean instead of hurrying home to wait on her missus. But instead of being punished for lier wickedness she was rewarded. A few days after she had resumed her domestic duties, and just as she-was settling down into her old wicked habits of leaving the bucket on the stairs, and the dustpan on the drawing-room sofa, and answering the front door with a dirty apron on, and slopping the gravy from tho joint on the stair carpet, the doctor arrived with an old gentleman and requested to see Mary Jones. Mary came up into the hall, cook listened at the toj) of the kitchen stairs, the missus had the bedroom door set wide open to catch what she could, and master hung so far over the bannisters on the drawing-room floor that he was in imminent danger'once - or twice of falling bodily in to tbe hall below. And this is what they all heard. Thetild gentleman was the father, of .the young lady. To show his gratitude for-Mary Jones' bravery in plunging into the sea to save the life of his unfortunate daughter he had come to make her an advantageous offer. He would pay into a Bank for her a sum of money sufficient to enable her to start in any little business she chose, or if she was engaged to be married he would start her and lier husband in a nice little lodging- house, or any business they might wish to buy. . Was Mary engaged ? Maiy blushed ! She wasn't exactly engaged, but sho walked out when she had a Sunday off, which wasn't often in the season, with the baker's young man, and someday they had thought of getting married. "The baker's yoimg man—well, I never!" exclaimed cook on tlie top of the kitehen stairs. " Tliat accounts for her being so long taking the bread in," growled Mi-s. Perkins, as she gripped tho curtains of her bod and sat uj>riglit to hear more. "Very well, my girl," replied the old gentleman. "I leave the rest iu my friend the doctor's hands. Vou understand that anything in reason I can do for you I will." A month afterwards "that wicked girl"' married the baker's young man, and the young lady's father took and furnished for them a charming little house in Hastings, where they have made an excellent beginning. And they have had a magnificent advertisement to start with, for on her wedding day the Mayor of Hastings publicly presented the blushing bride with the Royal _ Humane Society's medal, and she became quite a local celebrity, and everybody recommends her apartments. She had developed into quite a smart little landlady, and the baker's young man has turned out a model husband and very handy in tho house, and Mrs. Perkins never wheels her new baby past their house without noticing that there are no cards in the window, and she shrugs her shoulders and says to hpr mild and still slightly dazed Mr. Perkins, "Some people are lucky—her husband isn't a fool—her rooms are never empty, but then she owes_ it all to me, for she'd never lie where she is if she hadn't gone and lost the latch-key fn the middle of the night ; and fancy her carrying on all that time with the baker's young man. and nobody knowing of it. Ugh ! the wicked gal I" THE ESD. Next week, DRAMAS OF LIFE, No. VII. 