SOME GHOST STOh'lES. Aiiwiling: to the New York a m»»her of questions on spiritism and kindred subjects wore recently suliir.itfed to certain prominent American citizens, with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. Ur, Allan M’Lano Hamilton sent the following story, for which he vouches: — r will tell you a true ghost story, mid ono that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever 1 think ot it. U hen I was in Shanghai, China, in 1M7S, in com pany with Ling Look aiul Yn made v.-y (we were then travelling under the name of the Koyal Illusionists), nnoiiftenioim Chang. the Chinese giant: Ling Look, \amadeva, several ship captains, and I, drove out on the Bubbling Well road to the Hermitage, u «ort of summer garde n about four miles from tho English quarter of Shanghai, and while there we all took part in a game of tenpins. One of the captains, a burly German, made a great, many ten strikes by throwing the largest hall in the rack. This roused Yiunudovn, and lu> also attempted to throw the large hall, but in doing so fell buck and complained of a pain in the right breast. AYo drove him back to the city and summoned an English physician, who pro nounced il. a ease of ruptured muscles, anti as sured us that, the young man would be all right in :i few days. On tho fourth day after the acci dent V a matlnva was apparently so much butter that the doctor said it. would be perfect ly safe for him to go with us to Hong Kong on the stcam.diip Khiva, which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about mid night; on tho first night out I was awakened by two piercing shrieks of “ I Cellar I Koliar!” Thoso were tho last words Yatim devu ever spoke, for when I reached his cabin his head was lying in Ling Look's anus \- -ho was dead. Tho slop's doctor said lie had burst a blood vessel. Tin* captain of the steamer kindly consented to carry the body to Hong Kong, and tho ship’s carpenter made n rough eotlin, and the remains of our companion were de posited on the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about It o'clock, while the ship was calmly steaming down the Eormosa Channel, Ling Look, Mr. Cray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Cray, a clergyman and I were seated on deck in the alt, when suddenly there was a clear and disiiuet whistle—ti-ta-taii-tati—such as our company used for the purpose of recognition. Wo all were very much astonished, and more or loss excited. "Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, “ That is Yama deva whistling,’1 and answered the cull by our well-known tioo-ti-ti ! This was imme diately answered by the correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gave tha first call, ti-tu-li-tati-tati. This was immediately answered by the invisible power with tioo ti-ti. The calls were repeated by Ling several times, and each limo the correct reply came from the air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on duck, ns every place was carefully searched. The ship’s oilmens at first made light of the nifnir, but; when the whistling was repeated, and Ling Look would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited an we, and tho cap tain said it was the most wonderful thing lie had ever experienced in his life. Ling Look in sisted on opening tho eotlin to see if Vama devu was really dead, and when he viewed the body he said, “ Yamudeva is calling me, and X must go with him.1’ Poor Ling Look was taken sick iti Hong Kong and died in tho hospital there, and we buried him beside Ids brother Ya madevn. They are rest mg side by side in Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of I long Ivong. TltH PHANTOM DOCTOR. Dr. Daniel Greenlcaf Thompson, president of the Nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom X was spending the suinmec at Newport, where X had gone to recuperate from the arduous dut ies of my profession, when T met a girl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not only ignored my existence, but that she was already engaged to another : man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least cool the ardour of my pas- , Mon. Erom the first moment of our meeting 1 loved her as one loves once' in a lifetime, and I worshipped iu secret, j Though we lived in the same hoarding house—a pretty vine-covered cottage over- ! looking the sea—wo rarely met except at meal | times. Emily and her betrothed, whose name was James Jerome, usually wandered o!f by tl\\.em.selvcs during the daytime, leaving me u prey to a fierce, consuming jealousy ; and in the evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my atten tion upon a hook, I could hear the faint mur mur of their voices from a retired corner of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moontoiu hed ocean. One night, however, something occurred that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It happened in this way : I had gone to bud impressed with that acute, mysterious sehse of coming evil which sometimes affects the most phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness of the air, the oppressive stillness, and the gentle rhythmic swish of the water against tho cfitVs below. 1 do not know how seen I fell asleep, nor bow long I continued to sleep, but I was roughly awakened after a ! time by u haul rap at my door. Spring- 1 mg out of bed, 1 drew the bolt and inquired what was wanted. To my utter astonishment Emily stood before me, her white wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hall. Her hair, long and golden, was unbound and Heated in shining strands over her shoulders. She appeared to be greatly agitated, while as for me I was so overcome by the unexpected sight of her there that I could feel my heart beat, against the panel of the door on which X leaned. In a few words she told me what was wrong. Her lover, Jerome, hud been taken violently ill. f was a physician, as she well knew. "Would I come at mice and give my assist ance!'' .She had been summoned by one of the hou-u’maids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily’s mother, a semi- invalid herself, was already stationed in iho sick room. Tho instant I re-’ assured her. saying i would eome immediately, she withdrew, vanishing down the corridor, u moon-illuminated, . ghostly figtuv, and I hoard her descend to the lloor below. AVhcu, live minutes later, X Touched Jerome’s apart ment, 1 found him sutiering from internal pains of great violence, the cause of which I was uuaMo to determine. He became quieter after X hud administered some morphine, and presently fell into a profound sleep. Emily remained in the room, and as I watched Jerome X saw that she regarded me intently, aus piciously. It cut me to the heart to think X was an object of distrust to her: but t he mere fact of finding myself compara tively alone with her at that silent hour of the nighv # intoxicated mo with joy. When I returned to my room my pulse was bounding with excitement, hor some time I tossed about, unable to sleep. When at. lust repose camo I dreamed a strange and horrible dream. I heard Emily’s voice call me by name and summon me to Jerome’s chamber. I rose and dressed, and wont down the eroakingstairs to his door, which I opened. He was lying in bed, and I mvsclf watched beside him. No one else was there. Oh, howl hated him ami how f loved' Kmil;.:! How I loathed his very presenceI A fiendish impulse came over me to kill liiiia—an impubc that momentarily grow stronger. My body si muling on the threshold sa w my spirit cautiously measure a dose of poison from a vial. Then with blanched fa.,c l rose Jen cue on his pillow, and, forcing open his teeth, 1 gave him the deadly draught. A look of unutterable horror came into the sick man’s face-a look I shall never forget. But fearful convulsions seized him. lie writhed in agony, and inn moment lay still nnu rigid. A wild delight possessed mo. X cried aloud and a woke. Good God ! nor to find my.self in bud at all, but standi:ig.shivering in the hull with an empty vial clutched iu one hand, and the cool, grey morning creeping through the window. Tor u brief space I was duzwl. stunned. horrified ’ bey* mil mea sure. How came f hero 1J Uriulunllv I recalled the sumiuous tn the night. lho inoidmits. one by one, mine hack lo me. 1 romemhored T had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream rushed upon my memory. 1 know that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome—murdered him because I wanted the woman lie loved, and whose at lee cion ho had won. lor myselt. i had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out upon mo as this awJul truth hem me clour to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down the stairs h> Jerome’s nmm. The faint grey light of the hroukimr day fell directly across his motionless figure, 1 advanced with a halt ing, staggering gait, and peered into his fare. It was adieu. My oym glared in horrible apprehension as I placed one hand upon his forehead. Tlu» touch chilled me from head to foot like ice.* He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then I fled from the room, and for a time knew no more. I will pass over the hours of desperate agony that; followed. Suilicc it to say tiiut. although I feel perfectly irresponsible lor Jen mi e’s de:. lb, I yet knew i i ist im ■ 11 velv that I had murdered him. Tin* empty vial, mv uiuieemiutahlo presence in the hull, my dream, till pointed to a shocking and loath some reality. 1 knew that on my soul rested the burden of this horrible crime. Then emue the second chapter in the tragedy. The trouble and the excitement incident to the calamity that hud occurred in the house earned * Mildly to he utterly prostrated. 1 had not seen her since that fatal innrn in*.* when l awoke to find myself branded as° a murderer. Jake a criminal 1 hid i:t my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Then X remember. 1 heard that, she, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required a second time. The misery that- took possession of me knew no bounds. I was iu mortal terror now ns to what I should do. I shrank from the possible path into which mv *otlier se>i—that hideous phantom of myself—might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I pre scribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome, All the time my heart went, out to the poor mi ti ering girl wliose anguish X had caused. I loved her more than ever. I rushed away, and once more sought forget fulness in sleep, uml once more I dreamed. 1 saw myself steal on tip toe along the dusky corridor, starting back affrighted when X thought to hear a sudden footstep; then emerging boldly from the moonlight to the deep gloom of tho staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the upon doorway I saw the interior, red dened by tho lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. X myself, or my double, spirit or ilesli, X know not which, sat by tho sleeping girl, holding ono of her bauds in miue. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim. My breath came in thick gasps as X saw myself rise slowly from tho bedside, and with an expression of dovilisli cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. X raised Emily in bed and gave her tho modi oine. She began to struggle violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vyec and forced the liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon mo a look of abject horror, and t smiled with fiendish ‘dee, I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon mo like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sickening compression about my throat, and X awoke as before to find myself half dressed on tho stairs with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time 1 had been guilty of murder, and the woman I adored hud been my victim. I knew that sho had died by my baud. So it after ward proved. Sho was dead ; poisoned. Xu my own room the huu danced on tho floor. Tho clear day was advanced. The fresh salt air blew upon my fevered temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid tho trans parent green of tho trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. T had killed two .defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own soul. I was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity. My spirit appeared to bo slipping from my body as a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. X heard myself appeal to God for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. 1 realised tho fact that dis solution was imminent. My eyes were ns stone—sightless. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. X gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek—such a shriek as might have come straight from the in nermost depth of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone in my own room—not in New port, but in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and, with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught but dreams within dreams —visions wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. 1'L.IYIXO with a cocrsit. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the fol • Among tho most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernav. To a general adapta bility to the science of medicine ho added a coolness and norve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him tho pride of the family and the envy of his follow in' course of time Tiernav graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a eomi>etitive examination which followed won an appoint ment as assistant surgeon at one of the smaller Dublin hospitals. He tilled this position with much success, hi.s one fault being an insatiable thirst for scien tific investigation, which led to a prune - ness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is. as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital ataff, ami Tiomay exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out. as ho iuvariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : *• When in doubt, always operate." One evening, some months after Tiomay hud been assigned to hi.s post at the hospital, a number of friends — Ilia former follow students at tho university --wove gathered in liia room. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chuffing Tiomay to their heart’s content. And wlmt do you think was tho subject of their chaff ? Just this; Tho death of a woman under the knife*, with Tieniuy as tlm surgical operator ! Ah, my irieuds, hospital practice blunts tlu> feelings and makes men pretty callous 1 The hospital surgeon comes to regard human flesh as simply so much ligament and fibre : human bone is simply so much osseous tissue. The circumstance!# in the ease referred toby Tiornuy’s friends wero about as follow ;—A woman in an advanced state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. There wore certain complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that sho could not survive, and, well—to put it bluntly*—it was charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernav had performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still al i vo. The usscui blot l com pa uy listened with grout interest to the medical points gleaned from this investigation, and then, their thirst for scientific loro mice satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternately referred to in the most jocose vein as* •'the victim” and “the martyr.” Tiernay, of course, denied the im putation »*ast out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials one way or tho Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the subject of nerve power. Out of this eonvor.-ation grew a curious challenge. Ono of the party off ered to wager Tiernay a supper at the Garter that ho would not dare go into the morgue in the basemeut in tho hospital, whore the body of the poor victim” lay, and sit. for one hour beside the corpse. Just ns the clock struck I‘1 lie was to rUe, stand over the corpse, and HU00CSS10U, repeat, snloimily, three tint vs in “ L‘command you to arise !” Tieruny at tirst ridiculed the* proposition, but the challenger persisti;ig, lit* iittally accepted the wilder. He repaired to the morgue, took his scat be.-ido the corpse, which lay covered by n sheet, niul in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of the big hospital clock was heard toll in g out the mid niiriil hour. Tiornay rose from his chair, and. true to the conditions of his waiter, stood over the »* 1 command you to arise! ” What was timid 1 leaky he could have .-worn that the body had moved. Nonsense! Was he a man of science*, or an old •woman with weak nerves? Once more his voter rang out. louder than before: “ i command you to ari.-i*! ” Horror upon honor' There could be no duui>t of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore bank the sheet. No. no—it couhl not have boon 1 “ I command you to arise !’’ As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling iu malted streams about the ghostly face. With acoiwulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned “ the victim” bark to life. '* Two minutes later, when Tienmy’s friends burst in the room, they fomul him bubbling and chuckling at the lect of the corpse. , Ilis reason was gone ; ho was au idiot. Had the poor •* victim” claimed her re venge i Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? No: there was no such sensational re tribution as this ! After all. I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, ns all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at tho truth . Tiornay was simply the victim of n practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests lmd contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at a critical moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiornay *s nerves were unstrung, and tho awful results de scribed followed. 