(Erumbs. Theatre. Tragedy. Garner's. Pony Show. Scotch mist. Mock humour. A dreed surgery. Guerilla warfare. The Doctors doom. Holiday on Monday. Summary on Tuesday. It was a good meeting. JBerens is not a Socialist. Revelations at the inquest. Newcastle under mob l ale. Coad on Cornishmen to-night. Sensational sequel to a robbery. Barometer at noon to-day, 2978. Bazaar at Prospect this afternoon. Universal potato blight in Ireland. Socialism is the canker of Unionism. Berens should stick to the single tax. " The Yeomen of the Guard" to-night. • The bottleholder of a departed Ministry. Unionists are having too many holidays. " The Song of the Bell" to morrow evening. Is Mr. Proud about to bud into a Democrat"? Sir William McGregor has arrived at Bristjjne. Ruby Relief Fund Concert at tbe Port tonight What sort of weather will we have for the holiday ? The Adelaide Show is to be held in the Old Building. The Temperance Party is active in Western Australia. The Partes Government is having An anxious time. Mr. Black, Actuary of the Mutual Puvident, is dead. A pretty girl in Melbourne shot her lover lor deserting her. Secretary Davies, of Sydney, has taken up the owners' gauntlet. There was scarcely sufficient of the judicial > spirit at the meeting. Wattle Fair at Norwood Town Hall on Friday and Saturday. Friends of Erin are requested to remember that a famine is there. It is absurd to charge the Advertiser with creating public opinion. Another big and rich patch of alluvial has been struck at Ashburton. Unionism will be discredited if cities are to be given over to mob rule. City Council and other swells off to Paradise—better remain there. Schiller's fine poem to be repeated at the Y.M.C. A. to-morrow night. Mr. C. Proud has thrown his cap with fair - success at the Labour Party. It is too late in the day to get at th« working man with coft sawder. Salvator was as sweet as honey in his tones and as full of I'e as a dear old potato. Will the success of the strikers result in the handing over of Australia to Coolies? It is not alwavs wise to open your month"- and swallow cut and dried resolutions. Just what they wanted to know they would not listen to hear—the end of Matters. Sun rose at 6.26 a.m.; sets at 5.37 p.m» Moon set at 4.59 am.; rises at 3.13 p.m; \- Lord Herschell has pointed out the very unsatisfactory sfc.te.ef the law of conspiracy. The Union Bank has been done out of £5,009 by a forgery of the name of Mr. Jarnes Grce. Mellifluent Rosa was not as cor equantial in his speech as the capital Ts might -suggest. When bvsy brokers turn to public subjects, one looks round to zee if there isan election aft hand. Correspondent Cope objects to sensational rubbish appearing in a contemporary about the strike. The ladies'are afraid lest the hungry : and angry crowds at Newcastle should be fed with grape shot. .. . , It is veiy doubtful whether the public have yet all the facts of the dispute to justify a pronounced opinion. It was hoped that the Newcastle Ur'oaiste would show better mettle than to foaUado officers of the law. Mr. Mansfield, Secretary of the Se-Tip i'a Union, Victoria, is trembling at the possibiIi« ties of lawlessness. It is a pity that Parliament cannot appoint a S?}??*- QofflPiittee to enquire into the facts o£ the shipping dispute. _ The labour party is prepared to meet the employers in open conference and come to a- three years' agreement. Is dat zo ? Commercial Bank Direotors ara creditors of the institution to £44,000, and claim full measure of interest by law ? "We have cducaited the working-man and brought him to that position." What, Mr. Wakefield, to the point of boycotting ? If Employer Wakefield takes the crcdit of the education of the working man, he mrstt also share in the responsibility of his actions.' | It is strange if the patronizing employes educated the working man, that raid employes has to sit at his feet and learn the alphabet o£ Unionism. A report to the effect that a number ot wealthy French Jews wish to buy the Vatican copy of the Hebrew Bible from the Pope '<» quite accurate. The sum' offered is £40,CO?. It is considered exceedingly doubtful whethe* His Holiness would entertain the proposal. Mr. Stopford Brcoke has just issued a very inter-sting book, entitled "Dove Cottage,* in which he makes a powerful appeal to thd lovers of Wordsworth and his poetry. His purpose is to secure the purchase of the famous Dove Cottage, and the orchard garden at* tachcd to it. The wholes it is estimated, Tinaj be bought for £650. Mr. Walter Besant, Mr. Henry Kinglake^ and some other admirers of the late Richard Jefferies, have exerted themselves successfully to secure a monument to Richard Jefferies in Salisbury Cathedral. The commission has been given to Miss Thomas, the Australian artist, whose buBt of Henty Fielding adorns the Shire Hall of Taunton among the othei Somerset worthies. Messrs. Smith, Elder & Co. have in preps a* tion a shilling volume of Selxtions frtr% Robert Browning's Works, and the Br awning Society is tiying to get one of its members tcy write a shilling handbook to Browning. Mean* while Mr. B. Sagar is working at his Browning Lexicon. Port Elizabeth (in South Africa) and Copenhagen, are the last two places abroad at) which Browning reading clubs have been founded. One has also been started in the East of London. Admirers of genial, great-hearted Olivet Wendell Holmes will read this ^crap from oneof his recent letters to a personal friend with sympathy as well as interest:—"I expsoft before very long to put most of my oorrespDndence in the hands of my secretary. I may find it necessary to give np all correspondence^' except with a few old friends. My sight ift getting imperfect, and the fatigue of writing is wearing upon me; and, although it willcosfe me an effort, I feel that, in justice to myself, I must throw off the load, which, at 'threescoreand-twenty,' is too much for my old Bhoni* ders." Memorabilia.—On August 28,1605, our own Most Gracious Majesty King James, D.G., D.F., visited Oxford, and after a sumptuous fodder that "most dread Sovereign" attended! at the hall of Christ Church College to witness the performance of a doleful tragedy" entitled "Ajax Flagellifer," followed by the comedy of "Vertunnus."' That old chronicler says: — " The stage was varied three times; the movable painted cloths were first introduced, and a great trave".ei -Inigo Jones by name—undertook to decorate the hall; but his Royal Majesty thought, the Ajax was remarkably tedious."—Cassimi on August 28,1686, reported the discovery of a satellite o{ Venus in a gibbous form. Obituaries.—St. Augustine, you know, was one of the Fathers of the Church. His death occurred on August 28, 430, at Hippo, in Africa, of which he was the Bishop. Ho sowed a good many bushels of wild oats when he was young, and while at Carthage he bo« came a convert to the ManachoeanB— a sect of Persian origin, who believed in the existence of two eternal antagonistic prin« ciples, and denied the deity of Christ and of the Holy Ghost. But in later life the preaching of St. Ambrose drove all the speculative nonsense out of his head. He embraced " the. faith once delivered unto the saints," was bap* tised, and became as orthodox as the Pope himself. So much for Aurelius AugustinuB- 