THE NOVELIST. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Miss Bbaddon, Anthorof "LadyAudley's Secret," " Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes," " Gat by the Connty," "Taken at the Flood," " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Needful," " Mohawks," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTEE XIX. daisy's diaby. When I wm a child, and even Iart cummer, I need to think a July day oould not be too lens, provided, of course, that July behaved aa July, and one oould bask in the sunshine on the lawn or on the river, and cool oneself in the ahade of willows in mysterious back waters, where the aedgea are full of bloom and the lilies lie in a tangle of loveliness, lifting their milk-white ohalioea to the warm blue sky. This year I find I am growing old, and that we oan bave too much even of July, a monotony of loveliness that preys upon one's spirits, a perpetual sunshine that irritates one's nerves. I have only lately discovered what it ia to have nerves; and ainoe I made that dis covery I aeem to have nothing but nerves. Mother asked me yesterday what had beoome of my sweet temper. She hardly recognised her daughter of a year ago in the fretful young person of to-day. Wa _ _ _ _ raa I ever sweet tempered! I asked myself wonderlngly. I know I am very unamiable now. I was snappish to my dear old Broomfield this very morning. Ienatohed my white frookoutof her hand while she stood shilly- shallying and prosing about it in Her dear old rambling way, debating whether it was or was not fresh enough for me to wear. " WhatdoesitmatterP'fl cried impatiently. " Then is nobody to we my frook," "Nobody, Uin Daisy, when Mr. Cyril ia marohing np and down by the boathouee at thie very moment waiting for yon?" " Cyril ii nobody, a fiance doesn't oount," Mid 1. " Don't be, Miee ? It was different in my time. A young woman always took pains with herself when ahe had someone to walk out with." " And you need to walk out with all sorts of people, I believe, you dear old flirt," said I, for one of my earliest memories is of Broomfield's long Btories about soldiers and shophoys who paraded the London parka with her in her previous services. " I always had admirers, Miss Daisy, but I knew how to keep them at arm's length," ehe answered with dignity. '' A young person in servioe in London must have a respeotahle young man to walk out with, or she would never get a breath of fresh air." " Oh, you oruel Broomfield, to think of the shoe-leather your victims must have worn out, you meaning nothing all the time." " Lor, Miss, they're used to it, and it only serves them right," said Broomfiela. ** They're all as artful as they're high, and they've always an eve to a young woman's Post-offioe Savings Bank-book." Ienoouragedthedear old thing to prattle in this fashion while she fastened my white oambrio frock, and I forgot poor Cyril, who had been loafing about for the last hour waiting for me. I am afraid I am getting tired of the Thames. I am afraid I am de veloping a horrid, inconsistent, oaprioious oharaoter. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a place for years, and then weary of it suddenly, in one week of blazing July weather. I hope It is only a temporary weariness, caused by that very hot weather. Fountalnhead shows its usual dismal aspeot of closed shutters and blinds draws down. Mr. Florestan came in a meteor-like manner at the beginning of last week; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon while I was miles and miles up the river with Cyril, yawning myself to death over a silly novel, while he threw his fly for trout, and seemed to do nothing but entangle his line in the willows. When I went kown to dinner that evening mother informed me that Mr. Florestan had done me the honour to enquire about my health—as if I were ever ill!—and, furthermore that he was to leave Fountain head early next morning on his way to Scot land, where he was to Bpend the whole of August and September. I felt Inolined to hate Scotland. " How will Paris get on without him ? I'm afraid ther'll be a revolution, or at least an dmute," I remarked, flippantly. I have notioed in myself lately that when I feel as if my heart were made of lead I am always inolined to be flippant. Why should my heart be heavy ? Why, oh why f Cyril is so frank, bo olever in his own bright, boyish way, so altogether what a young men ought to be; and yet I am not satisfied; there is a terrible sense of failure ana a lue gone wrong always gnawing at my heart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday abont my troBieau, bat I begged her not to mention the odiona thing for agee. My drawers and armoirea and hanging-oloeete are staffed with clothes of all kinds, and how can I want more ? True, that I never seem to have the right kind of gown to wear for any given oeeaslon. Bst I believe that is a pecu liarity of all wardrobeB, and I daresay if I had the most magnificent troBBeaa I should find before my honeymoon was over that I must refuse really tempting invitations for want of appropriate raiment. All this Is Idle beating abont the bush of my discontent. I am engaged to be married, ana I shrink with aotual aversion from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged myself to lead. I like my lover with a very cordial liking, and I am happy and at ease in his company so long as he does not remind me that he is my lover, and that he expects very soon to be my hnsband. When he does remind me of that odious faot I almost hate him; just as I hate the July weather, and the river, and the gardens, and myself most of all. Oh, it is sueh a dreadful thing to know one self beloved by a good and true heart like Cyril's and not to be able to give one's whole heart in return. If it were not for this good old stupid diary 1 believe I should go out of my mind. It eases my heart a little to eoribble about my thoughts and feelings. I oonld not talk even to my dear mother as I eon talk to this book. I wonder Mr. Florestan did not stay one day longer at Fonntainhead, just to see us all again, ana to tell ns the latest news of Paris. Poor mother has anxieties of her own, and it would he oruel to plague her with mine, even if I oould bring myself to talk about my trouble, whioh I am enre I oould not. 8he IB very anxious about Unole Ambrose, and I don't wonder. He is in very bad health, and I fear that his mental health is in question, and that seems more hopeless and more full of alarm for the future than any bodily ail ment. He eatne back to River Lawn reluotantly, and I have seen him change for the worse day by day since we came here. He spends all his studious hours in the old oottage, sitting In the library where he hai all hla ehoioGBt books, end where he did so muoh good work In past years. Bat even In his stndions hoars he Is restless, ncd oomes back to his honse every now and then in a oapri oions, purposeless way just to say a few words to mother, or to wander about the garden for a few minutes and to stand look ing dreamily at the river as if he had some reason for leaving his books and coming aorots the road and had forgotten it on the way. He will not admit that he is ill, nor will he oonsent to consult a physioian, though mother has urged him to see any one of the great men in whom everybody believes. He declares that he has never in his life consulted a dootor on his own aooount, and that he is too old to begin, " I remember a sleek, white-haired gentle man with gold-rlmmea speotacles who felt my pnlse and looked at my tongue every day for a fortnight when I had the measles," he said, "and who dosed me with nauseous medicine three 'times a day and with nightly powders. He gave me a poor opinion oi the faoulty whioh I have never been able to outlive." It is all very well for him to make light of hie ailments and to refuse all advioe; but I know he is ill and very ill. He has a ner vous irritability at times whtoh makes him altogether nnlike the Unole Ambrose of old; and something happened the other day which makee me fear that his nerves are in a worse oondition than even mother anepeoti,anziona though she is about him. I waa dawdling in the hall after playing tennis all the morning with Cyril, who really is quite the finest player I know. I wae examining my raoket before I pat it in the etand, and was almost hidden by one of the oak pillars, whioh stood between me and the library door. The garden door opened while I was stand ing there and Unole Ambrose oame into the hall, looking white and weary, as he so often looks now. He opened the door of my father's old study, expectlngtofind my mother there. "Clara," he said, as he opened the door. She was not there, and the room was empty. He stood upon the threshold motionless for some moments —for some minntes it seemed to me as I watched him standing there, rigid as a atone figure, staring into the empty room—then he gave a groan of agony, staggered back into the hall, and aankinto a ohair, and sat there languid almost to fainting, wiping the perspiration from his forehead, I oonla see his hand tremble as he druw his handkerohief ont of his ooat Docket. ~ I oame from behind the pillar and ran to him. He gave a ery at eight of me jaet as if I had been a ghost. I offered to get him aome brandy, bat he Baid there was no ooo&sion;, He had only suffered from a sudden faintneea, wbioh had oome over him aa he opened the library door. " Don't tell your mother," he said, " it would only alarm her causelessly," " But ahe ought to know," X told him. "Indeed, indeed, indeed, Unole Ambrose, yon mnat consult aome clever physician— you mnat not go on any longer like this." " Well, ohild, I will consult a physician, if my submission upon that point will make Jon and your mother any happier; although can tell you beforehand that no dootorln London—not the whole College of Physicians —oan do any good for me. The evil I suffer from is purely nervous, and no dootor has yet fathomed the myBtery of the nerveB, any more than a theologian has fathomed the mystery of the worlds that lie behind this life or in front of it." I took his band in mine and found it as cold as ioe, and the perspiration kept starting ont afresh upon his forehead. His whole being seemed convulsed and shattered. I had heard of' catalepsy, and I could but think that he was in a cataleptic state dur ing those minutes in which he Btood on the threshold of the library. " If you will promise to go up to London to-morrow with mother to Bee a dootor I will not tell her anything about this attack to-day," I said ; " but if you refuse I must tell her." " Haven't 1 said that I will do anything to please yon and your mother, Daisy ?" He kept his word, and mother and he went off to Cavendish-square, and my oouBina from Harley-street oame down for a long day at tennis. I oan only aay that it was a long day. The interval between lunoh and tea was a Pacific Ocean of time. I thought the blessed break of afternoon tea would never oome; but the tea kettle appeared at last, and mother and her husband oame home soon after. She knew I was almost as anxious aa her self, and ahe told me all the dootor had said. It did not seem to amount to muob, but no donbt it wbb comforting. AU the wisdom of Cavendish-square might be summed up under three heads—a judioious diet, aa per half page of note pa per filled with the great man's writing—less intellectual work—and bromide of potassium. The diet was the most impor tant point, aooordlng to the physician, and I suppose he was right, and that an injudicious helping of Aylesbury duok may have been the cause of that strange seizure at the door of my father's old den. Cyril took bis father's illness rather lightly. I told him of the attack, though I said not not one word about it to mother. " My father ie paying the penalty of having no fixed purpose or pursuit in life; he is Buffering from too much money and too much metaphysics, He has a brain capable of better work than he has ever done, and he is beginning to suffer from wasted energies." '• But he has written hooks that have made their mark in the mort intellectual circles," said. I. " Yes, and therefore books that the British publio don't oare twopence abont—boobs that interrogate everything and solve nothing, books that leave ne not one hair's breadth farther advanced towards the comprehension of the three great mysteries of matter, life, and mind than Aristotle and Plato left na three hundred and fifty years before the birth of Christ." "Some of the reviews said that yonr father's book marked a new era in philo sophy," said I " My dear Daisy, Philosophy is like the sea. The waves rise and fall, and change their forms every honr; bat the shore Is always at exactly the same distance from mld-ooean." I felt that it seemed hard upon Uncle Ambrose that the son should make so light of the labours of the father's lifetime. Ob, I am wioked, desperately wioked, steeped to the lipB in falsehood and dis honour. I ought never to have listened; I ought to have silenoed him in the first moment as I silenoed him at last, fie is too honourable a man to have insisted npon speaking had I been firm. But the crisis of my life came upon me suddenly. Those im passioned words took me unawares, and I longed so to hear all he had to say. I wanted so muoh to know the seoret of his heart, though that heart could never be mine. Gilbert Florestan had not goneto Scotland after all. When I awoke yesterday morning I thought of him far away in Argyloshlre, I ' plotnim the barren heatnery hills, rnsiet and palest green tinder the baking July sky, as Horn and Dora—who go everywhere—nave often described them to me: and I thought how mnoh nioer those wild hills above the Kyles of Bote most be than our pretty little toyshop river with its willowy eyots, whioh look as if one oould hold them in the hollow of one's hand. I felt snoh a longing for Scotland yesterday momlng. almost as Q I were homeeiok for a oonntry I had never seen. 1 begin tu think I most have a Soottish ancestor hidden in some corner of the family tree. All our fancies and vagaries are pnt down to heredity nowadays, ana aertalnly yesterday morning I felt Scotch blood seething and bubbling in my veins. Bathe was not in Scotland, mother had misunderstood him about the date of his journey, or else he had changed his mind. At any rate he had only gone to London to see about gnns and fishing tackle for .the autumn; and there he was yesterday morn ing at 11 o'clock ooming suddenly between me and the light as 1 sat reading alone in summer-honse in the shubbery. Cyril had left ns by an early train for a two daya' visit to a Manor Honee near,Guild ford, in religions observance of one of those college friendships whioh yonng men esteem so highly. His friend had telegraphed to him urgently, " Come," and he went; having carefully ascertained first that £ did not mind, Mow I wish I had minded more. 1 felt a sense of relief when I saw Mm drive awav from the gate, and yet I was doll without him, I missed his oheerfnl soolety, whioh generally makes thought impossible, and I sat thinking deeply in the stillness of the ahnbbery, where there wore no birds singing any more it seemed. I had books, work, a little sketch'blook, and oolenr-box, ample means for employment or amassment; ana yet I sat idly thinking, idly dreaming, and picturing a life that was not the life I had pledged myself to lead. In the midst of these vain and foolish dreams he whose image bad mixed itself with all of them stood suddenly before me, I looked np and saw Mm [standing there, mute and serious. My guilty oonsolenoe sent the blood up to ny faoe in a great wave of crimson. I oonld not apeak, nor I think oonld ho jnet at first. " I thought yon were in Sootland," I said at last, and I really felt ae if it was a brilliant remark. He explained, and, the sonnd of our voioes having made ne both jnet a little more at our ease, he eat down in the only empty chair, and took np my books, one by one, and looked at their titles. " How learned yon are," he said. " Cousin Splnosa Beid; I did not think that little girls troubled their onrly heads abont philo sophy." " 1 am not a little girl," I answered, huffed at this impertlnenoe, "and philosophy is my Unole Ambrose's favonrite subject. He taught me all I know, and I like to read the snbjeots that interest Mm." "Have von read mnoh this morning?" be asked, looking me straight in the faoe, with a ornelly deliberate eorutiny. Again the hot blood rnehed np to oheeks and brow, and I felt that he must know by my wretched blushes that I had not read a word; that I had just given over my heart and my mind to utterly foolish thoughts of him; profitless thoughts of what might have been if_I had not engaged myself to Cyril that day at Toroello, and if he, Gilbert Floreatan, had happened to care just a little for me. Could any daydream be wilder or mom un becoming a girl with the slightest notion of eelf-respeot ? I felt I bad degraded myself by my own folly, and that I was hardly worth; to live. "Haveyon read mnoh this morning?" he asked again, provobingly persistent. " Not very mnoh." " If yon were like me yon would not have read half a dozen conseoutive lines. I have not been able to read properly for many weeks. An image comes danoing along the printed lines ana dazzles me—like that spec trum of the enn we eee upon the page of • book after we have looked at the sun him self. I have been no good for Intelleotuol work for ever so long. Miss Hatrell." It was a relief when he oalled me Miss Hatrell, for I had been trembling lest he Bhonld oall me Daisy. It was a relief to find him properly oeremonions; bat I did not know how brief the respite was to be and how soon he was going to shatter the eitadel of my self-respect. He looked *t all the bon.ka again, rear ranged them methodically on the table,, took np my sketoh-blook and looked orlti oally at the half-finiahed sketoh of a gronp of eycamoree by the bend in the ojppoaite ahore. I don't snppose' he reoognisedT them, thongh he mnet have known the originals from hie boyhood. I took my little hit of embroidery ont of my basket. It was one of my numerous beginnings in a uaw etyle of work, which don't often go beyond the pre liminary stage. I threaded my needle eare fully with aUk of the wrong oolonr and began a bit of a aaroll. Kvery stitoh had to oome out when I took up my work again this morn ing. I don't seem to have known what colour I was using. ** Mies Hatrell," he said at last," when is this marriage to be 7" I concluded that be must mean my marriage, though he put hie queetion rather vaguely. " I don't know. There ie no date fixed yet. Not for ages, perhape." " Ages in a young lady's vocabulary gene rally mean weeke. There is no date fixed ? But the marriage ie fixed, I suppose. There ie ne doubt ae to that!" "No,'' I answered resolutely. "There is no doubt; there never hae been any doubt; there is no room for doubt." " You have never felt the alighteet inclina tion to withdraw your promise. Snch things have been done, you know, and in all honour. Better to disoover now than later that your heart ia not wholly given to yonr fiance. Better for yon, happier for him. It ia not an honourable act to marry a man yon do not love, only because you have promised rashly." " I have promised, and I mean to keep my word," I answered, still resolute; and now the crimson flnsh, the fiery heat of that fieroe shame, had cooled, and I could feel from the faint sickness of my sinking heart that I must have turned deadly pale. "I have many reasons for being tine to my promise whioh yon cannot know—motives of gratitude, motives of affection. I am not romantically in love with my fiance. I don't think there are many romantio marriages In our day. Girls have grown more sensible. They no longer take their ideas of life from Byron and Moore," I knew that I was rattling on in a most ridiculous way; but 1 felt conetreined to talk. It was my only means hiding my confusion, a kind of cuttlefish vivacity, by whioh I hoped to hide my thoughts in a oloud of word*. Mr. Florestun leant hie arms upon the table where my books and works were scattered, and watched my [face earnestly while 1 spoke aa If be was reading the thonghta behind all my fooliah babble. . - ''Ton are not romantically in love will' Eontfittwr," be repeated slowly, "bnt yon ave promised to be hla wife, and fyon mean to beep yonr promise. Ton are perfectly contented with yonr lot. I think that la the gist of which yon have joat aaid to me, Miss HatrelL That ia what yon mean." . _' " Tea," I answered atifly, "that Ib what I: mean." "Then I can only ask yon to pardon my impertinent questioning, and wish yon good hy," be aaid, rising slowly, and taking hie hat, which he had pnt upon the bench beside him. " I shall go to Sootland to-night." He held oat nts hand and I gave him mine. witbont a word. I wonder whioh waa the colder. I thought of Mrs. Browning's simile - of the etone in the brook." Ab; if my hand oonld have lain In the hollow of bis comfortably, as his posses sion, with what wild .happiness this heart would have beaten. We parted so with a most admirable gravity. Sir Charles Grandiaon and Miss Byron oonld not have behaved any better In a similar situation. And then, all at onoe, asJ I heard hia footstep grinding the gravel Satan got hold of me, and 1 ran after him, I did' more than iron: I flew. He was walking very fast, and I only caught him within a few psoas of the gate whioh opens oat of the thrnbbery Into the road oloae to hia own. domain. "Mr. Floreatan," 1 gasped, too breathless to aay more. He turned and faced me, still Iwith that Grandiaonian gravity. " I hope yon are not angry with me," I said, inanely. "Angry! What right have I to be angry?"' returned he. "I ventured, perhaps over boldly, to ask a question. Ton have answersd it frankly, and there ia an end. Whatever hope led me to yon this morn ing is a hope that has vanished. Notbbg lesa than the knowledge that yon are unhappy in yonr engagement to Mr Arden would justify me in telling yon what I might tell if honour wonld allow. Oh. Daisy,. Daisy," he cried, clasping my hands, ana' changing in one instant from Sir Charles' Grandiaon to the most animated and impas sioned of men, " why do yon tempt me to say what were better unsaid—if—it yon have really made up yonr mind. Don't trifle with: me; don't fool me. Oh, I think I understand' yon. I know what women are, even the best' of them. Ton are going to marry Cyril Arden,. bnt yon would like, just for sport, to know how nard hit I am. Very hard hit, Daisy. The arrow has gone homo to its mark, and It' Is a poisoned dart that will leave its venom in the wound for many and many a year. Is It not a pleasure, my sweet one, to know that' in making one man happy yon will make another man miserable ? " Ho, It la not a pleasure; and I am utterly - wretched," 1 said; and, as the tears were - rolling down my obeeks he oonld not help • believing me. He took me in his arms, and held me to his. heart, and kissed my forehead and my hair— kissed me, Cyril's promised wife—and I let him, ont of sheer misery. I was too com pletely broken down with woe to make a good fight for honour. " Dear love, break this fooliah engagement;; aoatter yonr preoipitate vows to the winds. It will be better for everybody—for Arden,. whom yon don't care about; for me, -who ■ adore yon ; and even for yonr sweet, sweet -' self, whose heart 'beats throb for throb with mine—like the rival engines whioh will he racing to Sootland through the summer night, one of them carrying me away from < you I" I bad recovered my senses by this time,. and wrenched myself from his arms. " How ornel of yon to take snoh advantage of my helplessness," I said, trying to smooth < down the fluffy onrls upon my poor ill-nsed' forehead. "8ir Charles wouldn't have done snoh a thing." "Sir Charles !" he echoed, donbtleia think ing me mad. "Iam very sorry that I was so foolish as to follow yon," I said. "There waa really no reason for my doing snoh an absurd thing. Only I wish .to part mends." "That meansyon are obdurate to both yonr viotima. Ton will marry Arden not caring a straw for him—and yon will break my heart, oaring perhaps jnat a little more - than a straw for me." " Xon are very Impertinent for making enoh a suggestion," I said, with all the hauteur I oould summon to my voioe and countenance,andtIt U very difficult for a girl of my disposition to eummon any. The fairy who ought to have supplied me • with feminine dignity and proper self-reapeot must oertalnly have taken offenoe at my christening, for I feel myself lamentably defi cient In those qualities, and I really think: the want of them is worse than a spindle through one's hand. Worse than a spindle. Worse than an after dinner nap oi a oentury. What if 1 were to sleep for a hundred years and Gilbert Florestan were to wake me, "in that sew world whloh is the old I" Ah, why have we no fairies now! Why has life no sweet surprises! Why hu every thing In my life gone wrong ! fie did not notioe any reproach. "Is there no hope, Daisy !" he asked, pro- - nouneing my name as if he had never been • aocustomed to address me by any other. "1 have told yon that I mean to be true to • my promise," I said. "I an ashamed of myself for having given you the idea that I could possibly waver. Good-bye, onoe more, and a pleasant journey to Argyleshire." I did not offer to shake hands with him - again. It would have seemed absurd after Ids awful oondnet three minutes before. I turned and ran back to the arbour as fast as ever I could go. and I opened the driest and : most pessimistic of the books upon my table, and read and read and read for an hour and: a half, till mother came to look for me, and to tell me that the luncheon gong had sounded ' ever so long ago, I shut my book with a bang, and went meekly back to the house with the dear mother, and I had not the least little bit of notion what I had been reading, except like Hamlefa book that it was " words, words, words." I hated myself as I had never hated Sreelf before, thonghlhave been ever keenly - ve to my own haiefulness, to my hideous < propensity for doing or eaying the worst things on every possible occasion. To-day self-scorn was sharp as an acute bodily pain, as a raging tooth-aohe, for instance, or a. gnawiog rheumatism. Why had I sc be trayed myself, why had I gone out of my way to let him see that I love nim. and that my fidelity to Cyril is only maintained by a struggle. That while I was dismissing him and his love as a hopeless case, I was ready to throw myself Into his arms and say," Let - ns go to Sootland together, let us be married' by the blacksmith at Gretna Green; if there is any suoh person as the blaoksmitb, or any such place as Gretna Green left for true lovers n this unromantic age." I felt that he would never more have a good or proper opinion of me. I felt that if he had had a sister turn out like me he would have oonsidered her a disgraoe to the family. I was more , completely miserable than I had ever been sinoe those weary days at Weatgate-on-Sea, when the misery ot my father's death was,a new -thing, and when I Was parted from jiny -mother. A kind of helplessness and a doll aching sense of degra dation'had taken hold'of <me, and the worst » of all was that for the first time in,my life I " " " r. W< dared not oonfide in my mother. We sat opposite each other at the lnnoheon table, neither of ob calling to eat—she low-spirited aljout my stepfather, who wsb buried io his book-room o ver at the oottage, I dumb and despairing. . When the eilenoe was at last broken It was that dear mother of mine who broke it in jnst the way whioh of all others jarred upon my Irritated nerves. " Dajsy," she said, " It is ahsolntely neoes eary to arrive at eorne definite idea abont your marriage. Cyril has been pleading with me very'earneBtly, poor fellow. He ia tired of his solitary exiatesoe in chambers; tired of baohelor amusements. He ie really veiy fond of yon, and he wants to begin his domestic life." And then ehe went on in her sweet, tender way, whioh brought the tears into my eyes, to remind me that, thongh very young, I am no yonnger than ehe was when ehe oast in her lot with my father, and to tell me again, ae ehe had eo often told me, how completely happy her wedded life was, The more she ■ eaid abont that perfeot union the more miserable I felt, until at last the teara rolled down my cheeks, and my handkerohlef be came a mere wet rag, and I felt that if I was like any bride at all it was the Mourning Bride in somebody's play, of whom sll I know is that her exiatenoe gave ooeaBion for a ■ muoh-quoted line about musio, and an over praised descriptive passage about'a temple. " Do yon think yon oould make no your mind to be married in the autumn, Daisy 1" ' mother asked, at last. ;I believe she took my tears to bo only the ' expression .ef t general, soft beartednoss— there are some girls whose eyeB brim over at . a' tender . word—and not as indloative of Borrow, for ehe asked the question quite. ■ cheerfully. " Whioh autumn ?" inquired L " Tbis coming autumn, naturally." " Why, mother, that would be direotly." "No, dearest, we are only in July. Sup pose we were to fix upon October for the wedding, That would give ns three months \- for yonr trousseau. All other things are ready. Your charming rooms in tirosvenor square, and at leaBt half this honse, Yonr ■ step-father and I will be over-housed oven then; especially as Ambrose does not love this place, and would like to travel during ' some part of every year." " Yea, there la room enough . tor us an," X . said;" and aa for the trooaBean I don't oare a ■ straw abont it. Yon have dreaaed me so well all my life that I never hunger for new • clothes. It ie only the badly dreBSed girls who are eager for wedding finery." " Leave the troneaean to me, then, Daisy," . said mother, "and I will take oare that it is worthy of the dearest girl in the. world. I may tell Cyril that he shall begin his new life before the end of Ootober, may I not ?" "Tell him juBt what you like, mother," I answered, with a heart ae heavy as lead. " You must be the best judge of what is : right." x left her a few minutes afterwards to go > baok to the garden, I felt a restlessness whioh made it impossible for me to stay in \- the honse; a perpetual fever and worry whioh seemed a part of the heavy harden that weighed on my spirits. And, oh, I had been so happy, so nappy in that very garden • only a year ago. I wsnt to do what is right. If I made a mistake abont my own feelings at Toroello it • is not right that another should suffer for my thoughtlessness and folly. I gave my pro i mise far too lightly. _ It never ooourred to me how solemn a thing it is to pledge one's love for a Ufetime. I was rather pleased to be engaged, to have Cyril for my own property; and whenever doublings or qaestionings arose in my mind I told myself that as time went on, and we grew older, 1 Bhould grow more and more attaohed to him, being really very fond of. him, in a sisterly kind of way, to begin with. Daly when we were leaving Paris did I disoover how dreadfully I had misread my own heart; for then only did I know what love—sush love as mother felt for her sweetheart— . really meanB. It wbb jnst in one moment, in that parting at the station, that the dreadful truth flashed upon me. Ob, the heartaohe of parting, the look in his eyes wbiob seemed to plead foi*ptty, to urge me to be brave, and oast off the pretenoe of love and own boldly to the reality, fie was not openly dishonour able ; he waited for me to break my bonds. He conld not know how strongly £ was bound in gratitude and family love, as well as in honour, to Cyril. Nobody exoept mother and I can ever know how muoh I owe to Unole . Ambrose. No, there is no possibility of revoking my promise, and Cyril ie all that is good and true, and I daieaay my life will be very happy with bim, . I have but to forget those two short weeks in PariB, and this morning in the arbonr, and hie face when he left me. Not mnoh surely to forget, eeeing how much women doforgetnowadaya; eeeing how quiobly mothers forget their lost chil dren, and sons and daughters their parents, and the moBt sorrowful widows the hnabanda they onoe adored. ForgetfnlnesB must be easier.than it seems to one, while memory is etill fresh. I went book to tbe house, too restless to stay long anywhere, and on my way to the bait door I was startled by a most hateful apparition in the person of the odious Frenobman who attaoked me in Chtiroh street, and who seems to have interwoven himself with oar lives by his persistent appeals to my stepfather's oharity. I know how kind and soft-hearted Unole Ambrose is; and yet 1 should have given him credit for more firmness of mind than to allow himself to be hunted down by a ne'er-do-weel of this kfnd. The man was coming from the gate towards the hall door when we met faoe to faoe, and he looked oonaiderably abashed at . ehoonntering me. *' Ah, yon may well feel ashamed of your self," 1 said, indignantly. "Yea, I am the lady yon had the audaoity to waylay in the ' street when yon were tipsy. "Yon are Mies Hatrell," he faltered, looking an abBoInte craven. " Yes, I am Miss Hatrell. What do yon want at my mother'a house ? " "I want to see—my employer—your step father." fie said those two words, " My employer" in a most detestable manner, implying con tempt for the man for whom he had worked, and by whom he had no donbt been liberally paid. ** Mr. Arden is over the way at his oot tage," I said. " Yon ean go to him there if yon like. Yon will not be admitted into my mother's bouse." He looked at me from head to foot with a very insolent expression ; bat as his eyeB met mine his conntenanoe changed snddenly, ' and there was more of fear than of insolenoe in his look. His oolonr faded to a sickly pallor, ana he turned on hit heel abruptly, mattering aomethiag which I did not heir. He walked qaiokly to the gate -end went ont,' and theahrngof hfys.Bhonlder* ae heawnng tbe gate open might.mean anything in the. world.. > ; ■ . My bondoir window overlooks the lane,, and 1 eaw him neatly an hoar afterwards leave, the cottage. He looked both angry and oreatfallen, and I fanoy Uhole Ambrose had not proved ao amenable aa the applioant had expected. I wonder whether he .had mentioned oar meeting in Charoh-etreet this time. I think not. Xhe part he played in that encounter would aoaroely recommend him to my etepfather'e generosity. 