I*XABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt , (writes 44 I’eerybingle” in The U'trkl'j Tuurs) \ that the death of young Melluish from an over- | doee of ohlorodyne. was the result of an acci- , dent. He was in the habit of hiking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what' j real sleeplessness means I do uot mean the , sleeplessness of a night or two, but that con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. , It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present noil. The word sleeplessness ] comes trippingly off the tongue, but it is a fear ful thing to suffer. Think of what must be the night- life of a man who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refnin from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court slumtar by reading. He reads page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to fix ( his attention once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it caunoc grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down the book, puts out tbo light, and resolves to tire the brum out. The tighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language: the placid snoring of his dog u]K>n the doorstep thrills bus nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotten siu, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger/ He peoples tho darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upou the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows uot what, savothat he feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting pretence. Then perchance ho will doze—it is not sleep—and he will in dreams live an age of ghastly terror. Ho will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, ho will start up to tlnd himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and eick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with a weary moan wheu ho learns that it i& not vet five minutes since he quenched the light. 1 Every ten minutes through the loug watches of that cudless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and tho horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is tho eternal uignt of death, and that tho morning will never come. Wheu at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for lus nerv es and braiu have been at such a teusion that ho rises sick at hoart, and uurefrushed of body. The light is something to bo thankful for. however: but the day is soon over, and tho still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to be faced again. \Vbat shall he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is tho madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that ho should fly to drugs ’ They give him at least forgetfulness. They ahutouttheterribleiightaand cloichiacars to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing dumber, but they give him tho I sweet obliviou of death until the morn. There | aro good people, people who can sleep like a top, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. “ Ther jeit at scars that never folt a wound. '* l\ivne wrote “ Home, Sweet Home, ’* t«* help to fifl up an opera he was preparing, ami at first it had four stanzas. The author never iccoivcd anything for it, but though tho opera was a failure when played in Covent Harden Theatre, tho song took, and over 100,000 copies were sold the first year. In two years tho pub Ushers cleared over £2,000 by tbs publication, and the variations, transcriptions, aud imitations have been innumerable. Tho melody is be lieved to ka Sicilian air, and Donizetti has a variation of it in bis opera “ Anna Bolena." Urn Oi&u.;—An American paper says:— ** Tbo Australian girl is tail and slender. She lacks somewhat m complexion, but generally she is pretty, Tho Victorian girl is decidedly good looking. . The Jvow Zealand girl lias a far better complexion than tbo Australian girl, and U fresher and more healthy*, perhaps, for thb .climate ia milder. Sho resembles the Kuglish girl much morq than sho does tho Australian, and her development keeps paoa- ytfth tho former. -Tasmania is said to be tho-homo of ■beauty, and it- certainly seems to hawmoro thau its share of fair jnaidens. It is not at all uncommon for the Melbournian to.run across to tho little island for the purpose of a well earned holiday, aud ‘ picking up * a wife.** 