THE RELIGIONS OV THE WORLD. A scries of lectures under this title have been delivered in Trinity Church, Maldon, on Sunday evenings during the past tew months by the Rev. R. W. Cooke, M.A., incumbent, aud have attracted a good deal of attention. No. X.—CHRISTIAN-TIT.—PROTESTANTISM— No. 2. — PBESBVTEBIAKISM. In treating of Presbyterianism, I wish it first of all to be distinctly understood that I engage in the task without the slightest feeling of ill-will, or anything save respect aud affection for the members of a religious body from whom I have in the past received ;reat kindness, and amongst whom, in my ast parish, I numbered some of my most intimate friends. It . is -with principles ! intend to deal, and not with persons, endeavouring to state fairly and reasonably, for the information of my parishioners, the religious doctrines of Presbyterianism, in what points it agrees with Anglicanism, and how it is gradually drawing nearer to the latter. So far as such a statement is founded upon its history, creeds, and tlie sayings of its leading divines; it cannot, I think, be fairly objected to by any. Doctrines that will not stand the light of day let in upon them stand self-condemned; and cannot hope to escape notice in these days of publicity. Should any statements made prove to be unfounded, I shall be glad to be corrected, and will willingly retract them, substituting that which is more historical. My one object is to elucidate and set forth the truth without prejudice, and setting down naught in malice. The founder of Presbyterianism as a religious system was John Calvin, the son of a French Notary, born at Noyon, in Picardy in A.D., 1509. He was at first in- tended for Holy Orders, and owing to the abuses of the times in which he lived, he was made chaplain of a cathedral at 12 years of age, appointed to a benefice at 18, and shortly afterwards to another, which he sold in 1534. Meanwhile he was beinr educated at the high school of Paris, an the universities of Orleans and Bourges, where he studied civil law with great success, bavin.? the degree of D.C.L. conferred upon him. He also turned his attention to theology. At 23 years of age, on the death of his parents, Calvin returned to Paris, where he became known as one of the Huguenot party. In A.D. 1534, he left his native country for good, settling first at Basle, and atferwards at Geneva. At this time he publishid first in French and then in latin, his most important work, viz, " The Institutes of the Christian Religion," which he afterwards expauded into a larger form as the exponent of his theological system. When Calvin first came to Geneva, that city was a hot bed of immorality, and the Bishop and some of the Clergy being irapli cated, the church had naturally lost all in fluence ov~r the Laity. The bad feeling between the two orders had lately been roused to fever heat by a violent French Huguenot named Farel, whose teaching led to tumult and bloodshed, endiug with the withdrawal of the Bishop from Geneva! and tbe see being declared vacant by the Municipal Council. Farel now usurped the Bishop's temporal anthority, and it was during his snpremacy that Calvin arrived in the city. The two proved to be such kindred spirits that Calvin was earnestly entreated to support Farel's reformation, and threatened witll the vengeance of God if he refused. Calvin consented, and settled down at Geueva as Farel's coadjutor, and as one of the chief pastors of the city. The newly fledged republicans of Geneva were at first delighted with one so opposed to Episcopacy, but when be attempted a crusade against the wickedness of the city, they revolted, and banished both him and Farel from Geneva, A.D. 1538. For three years Calvin acted as professor of theology at Strasburg, after which he was recalled tc Geneva. From that time until his death, 23 years later, he was ruler of Geneva, with just as absolute an authority as the former Bishops had exercised, and often used his power in a most tyrauuical mauner. As an author, however, his industry never slackened, and by this means he acquired an influence far beyond Geneva, making him only second to Luther as a leader of thought among Protestants. The grpat blot upon the fame of Calvin is his burning of Ser vetus for lieresy. This unfortunate man, a Spaniard by birtb, had made himself noto. rious both at Basle and Strasburg by hlB denial of the doctrine of the Trinity, and later on in life his Unitarianism developed into Pantheism. Being .seized in the year 1553 by the Holy Inquisition Servetus escaped from prison, where his effigy was afterwards burnt amongst a pile of his own books, showing what his fate would have been had he remained. But his troubles were not over, for on his road to Naples practise as a physician he happened to pass through Geneva, out of which city Calvin had declared seven years before he should never go forth alive. Seized by the magistrates, on Calvin's information, he was put on his trial for heresy, aud after a long controvery, in which Calvin took an active and violent part, Servetus was condemned to death as a heretic, and suffered a miserably protracted death by fire, in the great stronghold of Calvinism and with the full consent of Calvin, October 27th, 1553. Beza, Melancthon, and other Protestant writers defended his execution as "a just and honorable proceeding." Thirteen years afterwards the Calvinists at Berne beheaded another anti-Trinitarian, John Valentine Gentilis, for his opinions. These men died martyrs to Unitarianism. So little cause bas any one religious body, to cast upon another the whole odium .of.religious persecution in ar age when liberty of conscience was so im perfectly understood, and when even the much belauded Pilgrim Fathers cruelly maltreated the Quakers and Roman Catholics of New England. Still the world will always condemn persecution by Protestants more severely than by Catholics, in the first place because they lay no claims to be the only church in which salvation is to be found, and secondly because it is -a. denial on their part of the very principles which alone can justify themselves in their separation from the Catholic Church.' As regards Ourselves Calvin wrote n?any letters to the Protector Somerset,.to Ipdward VL, and to-Archbishop Cranmer, condemning the English reforma tion as incomplete, and urging them oi: further towards Genevan Presbyterianism. It was no doubt partly owing to bis influence that some Puritanical altera tions were made in the prayer book of 1552, which' subsequent revisions hav happily largely done away with. The fortunate decease of tbe young king prevented any further mischief being done in that direction. The influence of Calvin, both England and Scotland, was greatly extended by the return to those countries of many who had fled from the persecution of Queen Mary's reign, and had been residing at Frankfort. Zurich, and Geneva, amongst them being tbe famous John Knox. These men were thoroughly imbued with tbe spirit and principles ef Calvin, and it is owing to them and their influence, that the reformation in Scotland and the subsequent rebellion in England, were conducted on revolutionary principles, that many of the ancient landmarks- were uprooted, that every liuk with the past was ruthlessly severed, and the choicest works of art were plundered and demolished. Eventually that calm moderation which is the distinguishing feature of the Anglo Saxon race, and which finds a fit embodiment in the Liturgy and articles of England's National church once more prevailed, and in the southern kingdom the ancient orders, rites, and services were used again. Scotland is now slowly feelinj; its way in the same direction, .aid the ol( festivals of Christmas, Easter, etc., are once more begiuning to be observed, whilst a society comprising 500 Presbyterian ministenuis engaged in preparing public opinion for the use of liturgy. All Anglicans must hail this movement with joy, ana. congratulate those -who have the courage t< iln del take it, -wishing them good success. So much prejudice has been already overcome in the use' of instrumental music and of painted windows, that it is quite possible that this generation may yet see Episcopacy restored to the Scottish establishment, and the two kingdoms united ecclesi&stically; they are politically. For Calvinism as a system, apart from its professors, we have no good word to say. It is inhuman, and tbe best thing about it. it is fast disappearing, and ceasing to be believed. Sabbatarianism, another of the Presbyterian foundations we are glad to know, sharing the same fate. Both are Jewish in spirit and antichristian. The distinguishing features of the Calviaistic system are election, predestination, and irresistible grace. God from all eternity has decreed the salvation of some men called " the Elect," and the everlasting perdition of others. Both elect and nonelect come into the world in a state of total depravity and alienation from God, and can of themselves do nothing but sin. His rrace, however, seizes hold of the elect, nd jy an irresistible power works out their salvation, bringing them into such a condition that their final perseverance in holiness is certain, and they cannot finally fall t T T or be lost. Thus the elect are saved without any will or work of their own. On the other band the non-elect or reprobate, can by no means whatever, strive as they may, attain to salvation, and must be eternally lost, not because they have made themselves woithy of perdition by their own sins, but because God has so decreed in excluding them from the number of the elect. We assert" says Calvin " that by an eternal and unchangeable decree God hath determined whom He shall one day permit to have a share in eternal felicity, and whom he shall doom to destruction. In respect of the elect the decree is founded in His unmerited mercy, without any regard to human worthiness ; lint those whom He delivers up to damnation are, by a just and irreprehensible judgment, excluded from all access to eternal life." From the doctrine of Election follows, of course, that of " particular redemption," i.e., that Christ died for the elect, and not for all men. A fnll statement of these dreadful and horrible opinions may be fonnd in the Confession of Faith set forth by the Westminster Assembly of Divines, A.D. 1643. That document is still the au thoritative Confession of the established Kirk of Scotland, of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and is recognised as of more er less authority by all Calvinistic sects whether Methodist or Baptist. It is, however, only right to say that most modern Presbyteriaus are heartily ashamed of it, and are trying to get it altered. As it stands, however, it is a ghastly travesty of the free grace of God. It is dishonoring to God the Father, whom it turns into an absolute tyrant, aud denies the universality Christ's redemption. He is no longer " the second Adam," the head of a new aud rej generate race who have been grafted on to Him, but only the Saviour of a particular aud chosen few, the very sin of spiritual arrogance that onr Saviour condemned so severely in the Jews. No true Calvinist can say " As in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive," " He is the Saviour of all men," " He died for all,' Come unto Me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden,** &c.;, for every one of these loving proclamations and invitations has to be qualified by the condition " if you are one of the elect," otherwise Christ has never died for yon or invited you to Him. You have done nothing to deserve it, but simply because the Almighty did not see fit to select you by an arbitrary choice yonr soul is lost eternally. "Even infants," say some Calvinistic Divines, "infants only a span long will be found creeping over the floor of hell." And quite true, too, if Calvinism be l ight, for that is only the logical outcome of its teaching. Again, if God's power cannot be resisted, and the elect can never finally be lost, or the non-elect saved, what is the good of our willing or working—anything?" If we are not " fellow woi kers with Christ" we may as well " continue iu sin that grace may abound," since good or evil living can make no difference to God's decree. Aud how are we to know ourselves to be elect or otherwise? The least humble and the self-deceiving, will probably be most confident, as were the Pharisees of old. In fact the doctrine is altogether an immoral one, leading to contempt of that law which u " holy, just, and pooJ." Wherever, indeed, Calvinism has largely prevailed, although ii has had staunch adherents, stalwart de fenders of Sabbatarianism, and determined opponents cf Romanism, yet judged itself by its fruits it has been found wanting. Statistics show the morality of Scotland to be below that of England or Ireland, whilst it Calvinistic Wales perjury is terribly fre quent. as two judges of late years hatcomplained. Nor will the most ardent Scotchman assert that sobriety is one of the national virtues here or at home. This is one side of the question. Ou the other hand Presbyterians may justly claim that the population of Scotland are, as a rule, Godfearing, honest, upright, truth-loving men and women, known everywhere as hard working, perservering, staunch, industrious, and tidy. How much of this is due the national character, and how much Calvinism we will not venture to decide, The worst charge, however, that we hav to bring against the Westminster Confession is that many men who cannot believe God to be harder and more unjust than themselves, thereby take a dislike to orthodox Christianity, and lapse into Unitarianism or infidelity. Tiiis has been especially the case with the Presbyterians of England, whose ministers, in the year 1719, decided by majority not to require from office bearers any declaration of faith in the Holy Trinity. The result of this policy was seen, when in the year 1S24 it was found that out of 206 Unitarian chapels in England and Wales as many as 170 had originally been Presbyterians; a sad decline indeed. The same leaven is still working, and has produced several trials for heresy in Scotland lately. The large amount of sympathy expressed for the opinions of the Rev. Chas. Strong, who is practically a Unitarian, show that many Presbyterians in this colony are on the down grade also. Happening a fenyears ago to lend " Robert Elsmere " to a friend of mine, a well-known and popular Presbyterian minister not 50 miles from here, he returned it with the remark that its religions views -were splendid, ami what we must all come to. Yet the Divinity of Christ, the possibility of miracles, and tbe atonement are all denied in that book. Still no one even snspects that minister Unitarianism, se far as I know, which after all is his true creed. This may be said to be no business of ours, but rarely it is a duty of every clergyman to warn bis own flock agginst complicity with sucb dangerous teaching. We must at all hazards, out ef love for souls, hold fast the honor of our blessed Lord as the very sheet anchor of our creed, remembering that the promise is to " whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God." The fidelity -with which all Episcopal Churches have clung to the fundamentals of the Christian Faith is no small evidence to the truth of the Divine origin Episcopacy. That it bas not kept Rome from mariolatry is nothing to the purpose, because since tbe rise of Ultramontanism the Boman Episcopate has lost all its indepen dent diocesan powers, and has simply now to register and carry out the decrees of that Universal Bishop, who, from his seat upon the Seven Bills governs every diocese with absolute a sway as did the Caesars the Roman world of old. But real Episcopacy is a safeguard to the truth. The duty of handing down tbe Christian Creed intact was the final charge which S. Paul, on the eve of his martyrdom, gave to the youthful Timothy his Episcopal coadjutor at Ephesus. " The things which thou hast heard of me, the same commit tbou to faithful men wbo shall be able to teach others also." There was then no written creed, nor any New Testa ment compiled; The truth was handed down from mouth to mouth, and its guardians were the bishops. Whether called by that name, or not, in tbe first century makes no difference. It is the office that is in dispute. In the second century the name is generally accorded to them. In the New Testament bishops and elders are only two names for the same order. After the dying out of tbe Apostles, who were the first bishops, the name came to be confined their successors in the ordinary duties the Apostolate, though miracles did no cease immediately. Every pastor is still the Bishop of his flock, but we cow restrict. he name to him who snperintenfl77j~~ hat office is shown existent inl1? dl ° !e «. itus, who was left behind by ' f «' in Crete to "set in order the were wanting," t.t., to exerci^ powers, aad to "ordain elders i„ city." It is evident that at that « " ttJ Presbytery had the power to do thewSTi W p by themselves, though they sisted in the work. Titus acttd"®® y Bishop. The succession of its Ushow Z, !' link connecting each local chtircK Jtk • * *»lical origin, guarantsaiag tht ; present faith with thatof tic > and ensuring its continuity for th» t, 1 Irenus, the pupil [of Polycarp, the of St. John who died A.D. 202, armea' the Apostolic succession of the Eisl» 10 the great preservation of the Catho'itions and the great bulwark a"ii0Et Their teaching is to be obediently ween?--' since they received along with their E' copate " the sure gift of the truth " T"' tullian, abont the same period, cjJi, . ' heretics to produce their Episcopa' sion as the authority for their teachW JS their .liability to do so proves thr^W]' and falsity of their views. And hoir.n those Bishops of old time did their Wc t the Holy Ghost helping them, lcl Apostles' and Nicene Creeds testify cm' the ground of which all Christians mav,^ unite honorably again. Episcopacy hi ... is still the safeguard of the truth—it is o? link with the past and guarantee o! ii! present. Nor can we, iu all charitv that any Christian body is a churclilio a! Apostolic sense of the term-in whS Bishops are found wanting, since {or fan years after Christ no church was wj-j.,,' 