Religious Records. INTERCOLONIAL, A good deal of missionary enthusiasm has been created in Congregational airoles in Vio- toria by the visit of Captain Hore, of Central Africa. There aro nearly 60,000 blacks in Queens land, it is computed, some of whom are canni bals, and between 300,000 and 400,009 in West Australia untouched as yet by Christian civili sation. Three years ago, says Rev. S. Chapman, of Melbourne, Adelaide was the "Kettering" of AnstralaBian Indian missions, and Rev. Silas Mead, the " John Foster," the man who held the ropes. Figures are often turned to a fanny account. The Christian Colonist haB taken the tzonblo to learn that of lunatics in Nsw Sonth Wales last year 1,301 were Reman Catholics, 218 were Presbyterians, and 103 were Wesleyans. The New Zealand Baptists have agreed to work half of the Fubna district in India as a new n iesionory enterprise, and the Tasmanian Baptist the other half. Mr. and Mrs. St. Dnlmas bave been appointed to superintend the Now Ztaland half of the mission. Sev. G. Hny, Presbyterian minister, advises the formation of a preaohcra' union in New Bouth Wales, so aB to ensure that all supplies to vacant ehargea be charged at the rate of £300 Eer annnm. Ministers, in his opinion, have been olding their services far too cheaply and havo therefore fallen in the estimation of tile people. Rev. H. S. Mercer, M.A , speaking on the subject of ",The Holy Spirit the Vital Energy in in Servioe." at ihe Melbourne G'hriatian,Con- ference last week, said he would like to see the good old times return, when not only no one dared to speak in the chnrohes without ho was filled with the Spirit, but when men filled with the Holy Ghost were so common, that they oonld be obtained for the offices of deacons and committeemen and for the mior positions in the church. _ Men were rushing shout after a splen did choir, a grand organ, and ornamentation, which were the dovil's eabstituto fur the Spirit. Several important ohangos in tho stationing of officers of the Salvation Army hava been gazetted. Brigadier Kilkby has b -cn promoted to the'.Chief Secretaryship, vice Colonel Pol lard, who is shortly to he transferred from tbe Australian commission. Major Rothweil, of the Leeds division, is to Bucceed Brigadier Bilbey in the command of New South Wales. Colonel Barker has also received his " walking tioket,"mall probability (says the War Cry) to take np the important work in commotion with the general's great social Bcheme to bs launched at the close of the year. Mr. Daniel Matthews, direotor of the Maloga aboriginal station, was a passenger by the steamship Britannia and is accompanied by a young reornit in the person of Mr. G. Smith. Mr. Matthews hss been travelling for a year in various parts of Great Britain, advocating the olaims of his mission. The enterprise has now been made widely known in the mother country, and many who knew nothing of the native race in Australia are now awakened to their needs. One resnlt of Mr. Matthewa'H visit was the formation of a oommittee for semiring co operation and help in Great Britain, and Mr. J. M 'Donald, of Exeter Hall, London, has under taken tho duties of organising secretary. _ Referring to the newly formed Methodist sisterhood in oonneotion with the Sydney Central Mission, the Weekly Advocate says: "The new Methodist sisterhood differs in almost every way from those Romish organisa tions whioh have oaosed Christendom to feel unmixed repugnanoe for their very name. The women who attach themselves to Methodist Bieterhoods will have no unnatnral vows im posed npon them. We believe as little in women celibates aa we do in celibates of the sterner eex. They will ba under no lifelong obligations to an order. Their work will not he to mope in pious Bselnsion, or to pretend to do so. They will havs no laok of Christian occupation. Instead of wasting the preoiona years of early womanhood in sham devotion in a maudlin process of introapeotion, their , hearts and energies will he engaged in the noble work of spiritual and social reform." During the past few days tho Mohammedans in Adelaide (says the Observer, of August 2) have been engaged npon one of their annual festivals incidental to the observances of their religioD, and the pretty mosque in Little Gilbert street hBB been the scene of muoh devo tion on the part of the followers of the Prophet. From what conld be gathered from Hadji Mollah, the chief amongst them, the festival began on J uly 27, whioh was a great day for the Mohammedans, when they are required to offer up their prayers en masse, and the next day sacrifices are made. If <1.999 wnrBhimiars ere not represented Allah sends down hig angels to make np the total, otherwise the offerings would not he acceptable. On Tuesday, whioh was the Hadji day, and eonespands with our ChristmaB, over 80 Afghans and 1 Hindu .worshipped at the moBque, performing all the necessary ablutions and ordinances required by the Koran. 