ei'1-NfuV SOCMMTIM I'OK 1SSI0 will be ready on Tuefday next, 15th July. The price will be One Shilling. \ .SON of Sir T. 1'. I'ord, of Singapore, was admitted last week to the bar of New South Wales. ,M!i. fjEAVBH, tile most singular member of tlie Svx Soatli Wales House and one of Pyrites' .l iLciiiliy troublesome thorns, h.is been appointed consul lor the Republic of Siberia, |m. y <)!.'!. fays there is a a opinion abroad to the pif.^l tint our lunatics are not properly looked after Whose fault is that? Why, Sir Matthew levies', of course. What ia he in the Speakers chair for if not. t- maintain order 1 \ luciiNT cablegram in the daiiy papers read a 5 * followsMurdoch, the captain of the Australian oritUeters. is suffering from lumbago, and is unable to play in the match against an Eleven of England cjinmeneed yesterday." Pooh ! Why couldn't he have acted as Bach slop ? WB read that " Miss Amy Sherwin is styled '1 he Australia! Linnet'by her London admirers." Why "Linnet?" There are no native linnets in Australia. Miss Sherwiu's Loudon admirers would have beeu nearer the mark if they had called her The Australian Belle-Bird. IIIIIN'T we say in a paragraph recently that we had discovered the Australian Hough-coated Terrier Ciuli, aud that Lord Hopetoun was .incident thereof ? Well, the club held a show in il,.' J'itzroy Town Hall last ,Saturday, and lord Hope to u n was an exhibitor. His dog took a prize, Vou bet. SINC.K Lady Halle's arrival in Australia one nui^icrtl bhoji has sold 150 violins to pensive young j:i(i„,i. The social philosopher to whom the i-xuherant music-dealer imparted this eue \u of information shook his shaggy head and sighed, " In the uatuial course of things that means lau vL-ry pensive husbands in the near future." I'lMiM the Arjc: WIXTJ50 matron, with capital, to mannfio ' • ' lioni? departments of the Hopetoun Lauudvy. What next will the unhappy little Governor have named after hint? We shall not be surprised if we mn.e across a Uopetcun Sfout <!•• Pictd or Hopetoun Chinese lottery one of thete days. TOWN-CLEKK FITZUIBIION says that "the outcome of some of the legislation now on the ia),i* trill be to make Melbourne it 'city of the dead after 7 o'clock at night." This means, »'csuppose, that log- rolling is going on among the Piulia.- meuUty friends of Dr. Voul. We presume most people know that Dr. Youl is the City Coroner. SIR WII.UAM R'ULNSRTN has been appointed to the interim Governorship of New South Wales niter the departure of Lord Carriugtou. Mr. 1'urves ouce described .Sir Henry W,enfordsley as a Joiim-yriiau Judge. Mir William Robinson bids f.iir to be known as the Journeyman Governor. It s a good thing to be a handy man when Vice-royalties are lying arouud promiscuously. WAUTBR. liuTLtv, by profession a ghost, was arrested at Richmond last week. He was in the habit of emergiug from a swamp on the > arra Hank at night and yelling "Bool" at belated passengers. Mr. Panton "laid" him for twelve mouths. L'lie business of ghost doesn't seem to pay ill this country—except occasionally ou the stage, and even then the ghost doesn't "walk Biti'fcfaetorily at all times. Mi: 1'ATTI-IIKOS, Commissioner of Customs, said lately thd". " ho thought nothing could be better than'making, as far as we could, all our tliiugs for ourselves." Quite riuht. We shouldn't want any Commissioner of Customs then—at least only a vciy little one to look after export duties. But, perhaps, when Mr. Patterson made this statement he hid chiefly Bishops, Governors aud Musical l'ircctors in his eye. Mil. PATIUCK KUAL, barrister, was the first member of the profession in Queensland wlm was offered the fresh vacancy on tho Supremo Court lieneii there. Mr. Real was a carpenter m his voting days, and spent his early manhood working ill the carpenter's, not the Supreme Court, bench ill III5W ich, near Brisbane. He picked up hie legal knowledge iu after hours and has proved a steady il not a dazzling advocate. \Y i: have before us a Sandhurst piper iu which » letter headed " Britain's Forgotteu aud Starving ile.oes" is published. The writer says witU a Mini t of scorn :—"He who merely proclaimed their deeds ill somewhat tame and stilted verse the nation made a peer, but those who did the deeds thev leit to starve, or die like dope ill some dark emiier of the land." This misguided person seems t'i think that Tennyson was made a peer btcauan l.e wrote the " Charge of the Light Brigade." L/.WS-TESSIS enthusiasts who read the Ar<jlit "ill be iiu/.xled over a statement in its issue of i'Yi'liiy week to tile effect that l'ettit, the American ehiiiupion, had beaten the Knglish cbampiou ia an iriternntioual match at lawn-tennis, played in Kugluiid. Oi course nobody but the Ari/us writer everiieird of a lawn-tennis rbampiou of tho name of l'ettit. the fact is th.it l'ettit is the American Champion at /emu's, tho good old Knglish game of wilicli lawn tennis ia a corruption, and by beating the English champion he (Pettit) liaB become champion of the world. A French player of celebrity is regarded as likely to have a tusa.e for the coveted honour ere long. The game is rarely heard of in Melbourne, though a tennis club exists a'ad possesses a very good court, which, however,- is a very lonesome pl.ee uow that the novelty of the thing has worn oil'. The Marquis of Salisbury is a tennis player and regards the ga.me as a national institution which is 1;u too much neglected. It will never hezome popular in Australia, probably, not only because of the expensive court required, but because Australians prefer strictly out-door games. MB. JOHN M'1-JUIOSH has reappeared in public affairs. lie cliimed £1000 iu a Sydney court a few days ago to compensate him for two knockdown blows given to him by a young man named M 'Maliou. M'Klbone had publicly disparaged M'Mabon pere, and Sl'Makou /i/s dusted the street with tho maligner. The jury awarded £25, but a, as the juusje judge would „u»,u not certify for costs, and us , ••, r^i ^ ... „ 1.1 I _f each side feed a. strong Bar, a good deal of money wid go astray. Time was when John M'lilhoue 3 was the - terror of • evildoers -•> generally, and of '•—- lazy or inefficient Civil Servants in particular. He cleaned the Works and Lauds Ollices iu those days, 80 that the humblest selector in the back- blocks who wrote a letter of iccjuiry received a prompt and courteous answer. In Parliament John was no less a terror. Auy member who did not like his course epithets was invited outside to take his coat oil. But uow, with spectacles on nose aud shoulders stooped, ho is a target for young lists, aud loses nionoy when he appeals to law. WE are pleased to notice that the ItwalJ has nulled itself together and made a vigorous spurt in fbi race for fashionable intelligence. N\ e quote the following superb sample from a late issue i— Jii. if Buckley, of ' Beaulieu,' 'l'oorak, has just added au ornaineot to his residence iu the sl.apc of a s,t o entrance cates of unique design and very hamlsome appearance] rhe piL are of polished HarcouH granite, and the enriching .. pecul ar- ^ « wait with l»ted breath to liear what Mi , l u< \- l ' lc > 8 feneeTs like ; also for a full description of hts doorscraper. Mlt Jrs-ne-K MHN, OF Queensland who <lied lately, WM^ of Sydney, where and o other tlu-r members of oi his.family ins st, 1 reside '" V J t, A „ hoy or man be ,vas never robust Ue attended ti e Grair.mar School with Premier Moreliead and bit \- a like these went to Queens- UndTn pursuit of fortune. He. ..bta.ued fortune one his manner of working was noiseless and unpretentious. The friendship of his poatiual friends was, however, staunch, and thus, although „„W a solicitor, he was one day put sit'iug on the Supreme Court Bench. He took interest in educational subjects, but it is very ditlicult to "Zr on any one thing of largo cousu^ence which he effected, or tried to effect. J|m public virtues were essen'tiallv of a negative order, for wbich no doubt, the delicacy oi bis health was largely responsible. A LONDON paper describes how a French literary mau, M. Hiroguelle, had himself reduced in fat lately '-y a surgical operation called de'ijrai^aije. A longitudinal slit was made iu his skin and the fat pared from under it. The skin was then sewn up again aud M, Hiroguellc arose and turned somersaults of joy. No Australian literary man w ill need to go uuderony operation of this kind. It will be a long time before a poet, for instance, will rc.jiiitc to have his surplus fat planed away in this country. The operation might be found beneficial by some bookmakers, however. MANY a settler iu the Northern colony will be reminded of his arrival at the antipodes by the death of Henry Jordan. Thirty year a ago he was Agent-Genera!, and through his door streamed the immigrants from Ireland, Scot and and ItHgland who hive since built up a sturdy, self-conhdent, and liberal-minded nation. Queensland was at that time au infant among the colonies, and old Jot-dan, for he somehow always looked old, was the link between the old world aud the new. Mr. Jordan held a seat in Parliament on several cecatious, but was subject to alternate legislation with Departmental office-seeking. lie thus became, some time after dropping the positiou in London, Registrar-General in Brisbane. Two years ago he was returned at the general elections, and was a sitting member when lie died last week. G'C.STAV JOV-ANOVITCII, paid to have been the greatest cattle breeder in liussia, died recently. He was called " King of the Steppes," and owned more than a million sheep. Pshaw ! Old Jiminy Tveon, who camps out like a sundowner on hia iourneys from one to another of his stations, wouldn't have reckoned him much more than a eockatoo squatter. King of the Steppes, forsooth ! Old Jimmy is a Jacob's Ladder iu comparison to him. Aud yet Jimmy doesn't swagger on the strength of his wealth in sheep. Last time we saw him he was doing the block in Sydney, attired in an agei pepper-and-salt suit, an old felt hat with a leather strap arouud it, aud a pair of bluchec boots. TltE Australian Natives will soon produce in UE, AU be caUed the Austral!™ iviiuev ^'! >.. a P a ww w—- — _ J?. - , * ^...v — /'WITCIVIV. riiis is to supplement their regular iouriial, ;ourual, the me Au-ilndian. Barrister --- P». --- R. Wise . is the head and front of both these ventures. It if, however, a pity that this special party do not possess a broader vein of originality than these titles indicate. There exists iu Brisbane at the present time a newspaper called the Awlrahun, and the Australian federalist is merely a transposition of Mortimer I'Yanklyn'a Inderal Avmrnlian. If these exclusive natives caDUot make tke contents of their journals more distinctive than the titles it will become the duty of the community to soothingly syrup them to sleep. Mlt.TuKNEH.the well-known mcmberfoiGundag^i in the New South Wales Assembly, proposed lately that the House should be opened with prayer. 'J lie motion was received with levity. We regret to say the members of the New South Wales Parliament prefer the old sinful style of opening the Jiouse with a corkscrew. MAjoi! BAKTHor, P.5J., has a fauey for taking down voluminous notes of cafes that come before him. Owing to this weakness he kept the Coburg Court waiting for a whole morning lately, while he wrote down the particulars of two casee, one concerning the illegal seizure of cattle, the other a charge of illegally using a horse and buggy. It is a fortunate tiling for Air. Bartrop that he is not a reporter, though he might munage to get along on an annual. TIME seems to bang mortally heavy on the hands of the defendant! in the Premier Permaneut unpleasantness. They sit for hours in the court every day playing with their fingers and tryiug to read their fate iu the lines on the palms of their hands. It seems a pity that the valuable time of able men should be wasted in this manner, Mr. Mi ram; might he compiling a " Financier's Guide,' Air. Nimmo a volume to be entitled, " Nimnio's Quotations from Burns," and Mr. Dow a brochure on " The Guiuea-pig as a Farmer's Friend." As regards the others, they are perhaps, best employed as they are. Tills Standard, speaking of the reception given by Colonel Lescsne, U.S. Consul,on the 4tb July: — "Colonel Mootiia (Consul-General for Costa Rica) assisted his brother Consul to do the honours of the day." What a satire upon earthly fame we have here ! Consul Mcou ia the representative of live Republics, and yet there is a paper published in the city that doesn't even know how to spell bis name ! We also observe that tile SUvulard'mys :— "It was noticeable that the Ministry was not represented at all, not evtn by a card." This neglect was, no doubt, intended by those loyal statesmen, Messrs. Gillies aud Dcakin, as a snub to the United States for the declaration of independence. THE trouble about those Sydney Post-ollicc carvings would seem to be still on top of the art mind of the mother city. Dan declared a short time ago that "them iiggers sinned against the highest conceptions of the noblest pursuit with which 1he brightest intellects can be itispoire.d, and that, they must be took down accordingly and hoisted nil' the priuiiEe?." But where to'; Mr. Barnctt, the fatliL>r of the lot, has, it is undcrttood, arranged to have a couple of waggons lwndy to carry "the broken ware away, but several curiosity hunters demand that the gashed stones shall be set up to public auctioD. One promises to bid up to £40 for the ujuat, toad-like abortion supposed to symbolise " a judge another will pay to £20 for what he calls "the hollow-eyed fright of a slitpfir! paying coin to a cunning idiot in ;t Savings Tjauk J' while another will bid up to i'eiO for a li'iure said to re-present a shearer. 'J bis last individual is from a bucolic district, aiid he pledges bis character ou the assertion that never has man or sheep looked like that shearer. These persons all concur in wanting the auetiou to be advertited in Victoria, Queensland and elsewhere, us weli us through New South Wales, but, notwithstanding that they plead so forcibly, Dan is for the present immovable. He Bays: "Naw. I'll drap Unm aisy. The highest conceptions of the noblest pursuit with which the brightest intellects can be inspoiied must not be violated by me receiviug wuu pinny on account of them figgers Whin oi say «hoibt thim nfi"' my duty iude, Naw, 1)1 not auction thim," PROMINENT airougst the historical Police Court cases of early Baltarat were the incessant feuds, between the O'Briens and Dermoodys of Buugaree, whose small holdings adjoined each other. Between these two rival potato raising familus there existed a vendetta which, at any rate in intensity, resembled that of the Montagues and Capulets of old Verona. Nobody ever knew thu exact cause of the trouble, or if, indeed, tin re was any cause other than their iimiite love of rending and hacking each other ou bread general plinciples, whenever they felt they weregcttiug " blue mouldy for a batiu'." SetHce it to Eay that tin he two ancient and illustrious houses came before the Court on an average ouee a week, bandaged like Egyptian mummies, to air their grievances and take the law of each other for almost every offence in the calendar, but chiHly for assault and battery, accompanied by wounds, bruises and putrefying sores, and very often aggravated by duck shot, " laugwidge," loss of hair, teeth and toeial standing, and vuiious prominent judications of female violence of the first order of merit. Whenever there was a Dcrinoody and O'Brien lield-day at the l'ol'ce Court tilting room would be scarce, for the whole of the families of those bitter bucolics would be there, even to the baby iu arms, roughly bound up and plastered, to show how deadly bad been the fight, and what il noble stand had been made iu defence ot tluir respective hearths, aud honus, and pigs. Whichever of the two combatants might happen to be the plaintiff on the occasion-ami they took that place of honour by turns—would iuvaiiably limp HI to the box looking like a damaged scarecrow, kiss the book, and depose with well-simulated anguish that the " deiiudent had widout provocation tthrv.ck him under the butt av the ear wid the rail av « fiuce," and finally left him in the state in which he then appeared. The defendant would then climb up slowly aud declare "in the name o <.od Amen I he was a poor honest man wnt tweli-e childer." (Children produced ) " He had a dbrtp ov dhriuk on the noight ov tho twiuty-foorth, and tapped the plain'ill w'id a bit ov a twitch. I here was thin a (oiglit, av or,one, your Worship, and then, av coorrc-av coorse-wel) your \Wship knows what a foigbt is." The Bench ne(d only look arouud the Court to know that 1 he Bench at length get to wearied with the Dcrinoody and O'Brien cross cases that they finally hit on the happy device of lining both parties, and stated m open court tlat such would be the mode of procedure in the future. From that out the battles, sieges, fortunes" of the bellicose farmers of >u»- eaiee were heard of no more, and the Ballarat Bench earned a reputation for having found a euro for vexatious litigation. 