ATO j obapieb Vra. v How late you are, young people,' ' was Mrs. Swinbourne's greeting as they entered tbe house. ' Here is a letter for yon Monioa ; make baste and get your bonnet off, for dinner is wait ing, and X- am Bare you mast both want it.' ?. r ' : Monica took the letter with her up to ber room, it was tram Lydia Gamble. It ran as follows :-— ??? Dearest Monny,— I am going over to Paris «n businsss lor a certain big West End firm, oonoerning .which I need not enter into par ticulars that would not interest you. I am going by Havre, and as I am not tied to time though I am allowed a certain earn for ex ;- pensss,! propose to indulgeina short holiday whioh :. will .take the form ofatripthrough Normandy, Soring , which. I shall make a .visit to Fecamp. I have a great cariosity somehow to see that place; and-:I might get some \- - tidings ol a certain mystery. I am ol to night, so wish me ion voyagel— With fond love, yours ever, Lotia. ? . P.8.— If 'I discover anything I shall let you know -at once. '? ' A few weeks back Monica would have been full of ''eager excitement, after perusingthis letter ; now it pro ; ducbd upon' her *'an exaotly ' opposite \- effect. ' If it had been 'possible she \- would have prevented this visit to ? Fdoamp, for the thought of it filled herwith atrangeforebodings. Had ' she nttered hor ' thoughts she would have cried passionately': ' Let the- 'dead rest in peace; and the horrible paBt be buried with it, lest its resurrection should bring woe . to the living. Why did Lydia wish to meddle with affairs that did not con cern her ? ' How quickly the cup of happiness Was dashed from her lipB, almost at the first sip, first by that boding shadow in tbe woods, and now by this letter. How morbidly nervous she was. Was there only onevagabond in the world with broad ehouldefs and' bandy legs ? She had not seen the face ; and what had she to fear. : from any dis covery that Lydia would make ? And how improbable it was that she would make any at all? But bow powerless reasoning was against her 'then frame of mind ; and her thoughts wandered back to the old ' groove, in spite of herself. How strange , that Harold should have some dis agreeable memory connected' with ' Fdoamp ; for Iub manner, -when she questioned him about those drawings, admitted only of each! an interpreta ' tion. . \- Musing thus she doscended the stairs to tho diniug-room.. Her foot fair made no sound upon the soft ' carpets, and as she approached the door she heard Mrs. S winbourue and her son in earnest 'conversation; a word arrested her, and before she thought of what she was doing she had become an eavesdropper. : 'Mother,' she heard him say, 'I was wrong. What right have we to link a pure, innocent life to ours, knowing what we know.' : ' You love her ?' - 'With allmy soiil ?' ? ' Then what more could woman 1 desire than tbe love of suoh a trian as you ? She is a good little creature, ' and will render you happy,' . ' ' But shall I render her so, when the knows ? ' . Here bis voice sank into a murmur \- too low to reach her where she-stood, and, conscious of the meanness she ? was. committing, Monica rah back a few stiair's and coughed, to warn tbern of her coming. \ y ' My darling, Harold has told me all,' said 'Mrs. Swinbourne, advancing and taking both the : girl's hands in here. ' God bless you, my daughter; ' you have won the love of- the noblest newt that ever beat in a man's bosom.' . ' Very. little sleep Visited Monica's ' eyes that night, for her mind -was a chaos. 1 Those few words she had . overheard between mother and son had!1 not served to calm her mind. What could they mean ? But amidst all tliedonbts and fears, ' zeproaobings and forebodings that 'reaohed ber soul tbrough the dark silpnt hours; her.certainty in berlove 'never wavered. 'Harold Swinbourne was her fate : only death could sever them, 'tor to lose' him would be death to her. Doubts,, fears, forebodings but : strengthened her passion. If he were V^hhappy. even if he'faad been guilty of it crime, theinbreolaim-hebad upon , : thatspirit of self-sacrifice which is the ' '^ay-essence- of ivoman'silove. What if all the world rejected hitn , wonld he .; not -he all 'the more ', to her ? Would not their love tfc'aM- Suffibient ? Yes, . ' yes, a thousand' 'timebyeB. i '? Why shonld she reproaoh herself \- 1 with falsehood to the memory of the ' dead ? Had Jimes Hartley hved she ' ''would- -h»y^|#98B'.!i|nB. faithful wife. ? Jibe ; tae&nowjthat; shtf hadpnever l ^ahe 5 jni^trh^f j!pi® d:4hk)Ugh ?: ;? ' '? i; : '^ect®ii-® tippi^ ' '? ?? ' : ttind jWhetf ^ she '' ivas jousednow.' ' * '* ' , . ? ;r,:Thereshouldhe ?- ; ' '%olilii i^liun ^^hi&g;® ^hlifi^hd ^ . V7- - There most bemutual.tsonfidence' , ' whatever might , be the resnlt.' '1 - , i^'^d'ha^grim^dMV'tfiiB ^cbnblu-'; \ ^ionVshe^tletig'th fell -asleep. ' Bhe 7slept late ahH b'n coming dbwn to breakfast intuited ;for,HMbld/' ' '' '* ' - ' ''YeBj-tlear ; 'he was obliged to go,' ? : it was fa m^ter^f:Sn^be^i^.:;f&j;^, . eiplainpye^thingwh6n^iieret^riis,,,.: thing. ' He left his love ;and wldjne 'to express hie sorrbw^hstheotjad Sot ' sse you bBfore'he went.' \\-p, ?''s-} ' 'How long will he he absent?1' \- -'Inquired Monioa, her hetfrfclinking ' ' lower and lower. ' Only a few days, I ^jppp. deW This 'journey was more for your sake than his own.' S. More . mysteiies 1 And she had hoped 'to s'iid them iill that day. Why hot make her obnfidenoe to the mother? ' / .??'.-?'?'I She .oould not, the impetus . was gone, she was too disappointed, too . 'miserable,.. - Several., days .passed on and .there was ao news of Harold, at least none was communioated to ' her. Mrs. Swinbourne was kinder and 1 more afieotionate than ever, tteating her ?quite as a daughter, and planning out the future with the most.hopeful .cheer fulness. ' ; . ., They were to. go and live abroad in some quiet Frenoh distriot.' Monica had often expressed a strong deBire .to see -foreign countries, and her wish \- shonld he ; gratified. ; -Ah, how happy they would all bel Under a wife's gentle influence Harold would throw off his melancholy and forget the past. . Suoh, with many, details that need not 'be given here, were the pictures that Mrs.'Swinbourne was never weary of drawing when they were.'alone. Bat somehow they never aroused any sympathetic enthusiasm in Monica's bosom. They had all the unsubstantiality of day-3reams, of oastles in the air,': that wonld presently dissolve like Bumniier . clonde and be eeenno more. , . ,-. ? She was weighed down by a pre sentiment of- coming evil, easily accounted for by oircumstances as well as that reaction which is sure to follow any extreme elation. When a week had elapsed without bis returning Mrs. Swinbourne began to show signs of uneasiness. 'I fear he is finding his task a difficult one,' she said. ' Although he has begged me to leave all ex planations to him- I may as well tell you, dear, that the principal ob ject of his journey is to find a home for — for — ?' and she pointed upwards towards the oeiling. ' Circumstances which you will soon know about, pre vent ns sending the poor : creature to an asylum or even, to a stranger, and Harold has ' gone to certain relatives in the hope that they might undertake the' charge. That is tlie shadow upon his life, a shadow that has been to bim as deadly as that of tbe upaB ti-ee. He could never draw you within its in fluence/ he must be free of it before he can make you his wife. Ah, it is a terrible 'story ; peirhaps you will shrink from him when you know it, but ^ you do you will kill hith. He was right 'after all. I should have told you everything before lie spoke of love.' The two last sentences were spoken rather to herself than to Monica, as she sat staring at her with a far-away look in her' eyes that made the. girl's blood run cold. Such dark hints were not calculated to dispel Monica's morbid' impres sions, and day by day the gloom grew deeper. ' So also did her love. It wanted this separation to teach her how completely he had entwined himself about her very being : ;without his presence she seemed a body without a soul ; dearth had ao beauty, the ;eun no brightness, . books no interest, life was ah arid desert unless he were by her side. . 'I could not live without him,' Bhe cried passionately to herself were he to tell hie he was the :wickedest of men, even, if there, were /blood upon his Jiande, I should cling to him still.' A shudder ran through her as she uttered the last few words which had sprung involuntarily from her lips. Not ji day passed without her re visiting the woods, and standing upon - 'the yeiy ' spot where ho had . breathed liiB first words of love. While there his presence seemed about her, it was as though her intense yearning were acting upon his soul afar off, and drawing it to her. . , . It was on the very day of the con versation between her and Mirs. Swin bourne that has just been repeated; the afternoon was intensely gloomy and depressing, the ; woods were obscured by a heavy mist that blurred tb$ outline of . tree and shrub, 'and came rolling up tlie .steep like clouds .'of .smoke.;.' -'''.'eg''*. ; ; Such an atmospheric influence was pertain to act upon so morbidiy sensi tive a nature as Monioa's, and a6 she looked around something seemed .'.to toll ber that it was. the last time she wonld eyer stand -npoi that spot, that she was taking a solemn farewell of it iand of all its memories. . . , ! ;V ' ; Cliiljed at last by the., damp, raw air, she was ' ; turning her face home wards when she was 'startled tb find her way barred by a man's figure, an ill - looking, ragged Creature; , ,- with ;, ; aquat 'thicliBet body, bandy legs. ana a villainons-lbokiag fiat face. ? 'i ? Such .an apparition Euddonly stftrt ing up before a solitary, woman in that : lonely ^ilace was eiiough to blanch' her ^iuBflf )ier Jbnt it wasino XearJ.Ibr. , \- ; Bee ^ojz jinosv ine,\ Miss,' - -eaia |tin't;agoiU. i -''.-'a ^^nic^bd'sttnng at himj^nable^ ''.t'o.'itterria .:3fbrd ;^na':'jp^aspi&^'^ foi;. support, « Vi' ^ ;Hb^v,ihfi^b.-ipMt .BWjh'au^ip'nged |pr.^p^ie ^uetbL1hiC''patL:l ^And ? faculty .was paralysed. ,vi . ' .. MinBpibf^^ih^ ^i'e ' personal fear had nothing to do \fith j uredjiip before her ftll tiie horrors with 'whioh -it, had .been .ponneotedj. °.&ud; it . ^eemed.jt^her that tli6 body ot james ' ? flWne '? 'turf at her ; fegt):atid&iit; fhe wo^d' only ' have to ! 8 good lookat both onyou. , I thought I mrtipg it I watched you ; home, land ; found : opt the - gen'i'man's name and tbat you was .a companion to the old lady, Of pcurse I kept my own oounsel, but «t do . seem a mm start.' ? ' What do you want with -me ?' , asked Monioa. ' I will give you .what money I have about me.' ' You ain't going to shut me with a bob or a! few ooppere,' saidthe fellow . .insolently; ,' if you don't like to listen to what I've got to -'say, and if you don't make it wortb my while, I'll go to' the Highgaterpolioe - .station and claim the reward for information that .. shall lead to the.,, discovery. ..of the murderer«f Mr. James Hartley.' 4 i ? ?.? And as he spoke he drew from some corner of his rags a dirty, tattered . -piece of. printed paper, - which on being opened Monioa .perceived was a-copy jof the bill that had. been issued just after the murder, offering a reward of one hundred poundB for the . dis covery of the assaBsin or assassins. The chill mist that still came rolling . up from the valley seemed to enwrap her like a winding-sheet of ice, and a horror past all experience was ^slowly . creeping upon her soul. . ?.;:'. 'Youlook as if you didn't, know what.I was talking about, ' he. went on, again leering into her facc ; ' you don't Beem'so anxious about Mr. Hartley's murder as you was sometime back.' i' If -you ...have any clue — —'she began ; but ber voice died in her throat, and she oould proceed mo fur-' ther. ... : Now look here, I don't want to . beat about the bush, so I'll just give you a plain statement of facts, and then I'll tell you my game and you can take it or leave it, just as ever you please, 'cos I shall make it any way. ' On the fifteenth of September come three years next autumn, be tween; Beven and eight o'clock in the . evening, I was a-reBting myself in a place you knows well, called Shep herd's Wobd, when I seed a gen'l'man . a-coming along the path that just 'skirtB it, , and a little, distance, off, as if he was trying to overtake him, comes another. ' I was. eating a bit o' toke be'ind a bush where they couldn't .see me, but ; I didn't take any notice of 'em till I saw the 'ind one come up to the other and touch him on the shoulder ; when the bloke looked round he seemed quite struok of a 'eap, and then they fell to bullying one another. Then Mr. 'Artley walks in among tbe trees as though he was afraid of somebody coming along and 'earing him. ' I could only catch a word here and there, for they was both talking, together, but, all in a minute, the t'other takes a revolver out of his pocket and fires two ..shots, and 'im.as I arterwards 'eard was called 'Artley drops down. ' Then the. t'other chap throws away the revolver, and iiuopls down and seems to be examining the wound. ' After a minute or two he dutches 'old of the coat-collar and drags 'im be'ind a bush, then he wipes his 'and on a pocket-handkerchief, that I arter wards sees on, the ground, and bunks. 'Well, I tell you plain, I felt so frightened I daren't . movo, for in course if anythin' had been found out ?jist then, |c9s I was a tramp, they'd said I'd done it. ' Bat aB Boon ,as I could muster np courage I crawled over to where the body laid ; it was still breathing, but .1 could see it was all oyer, bo I. thought I might as well 'ave what there was to 'ave as le&ve; it to anybody else, so I collared what be 'ad. about 'im .and vamosed. \- ' You see I'm quite honest with you; I took his rhino and his valuables, and I don't. deny it, 'cos you see this bill makes that all right; if I turns evidence they can't touch me on tbern 'oounts, and tbey can't refuse me the reward. 1 Now it's a queer thing, but when I found you at that garden-gate IJcould a' sworn that you was awaitin' for the gen'l'man that was lying in the .wood, and you looked at me in Buoh a way aB: made me put my best leg foremost. I never forgot your face; ?' Well; I got -up to London tbat night,- and got rid o' the swag, and kept quiet for a'bit. \- 'Then I sees the bills ont offerin' a reward for the, bapprehension o' .the murderer, and giving -a description o' :'im as was supposed, to be the one. ' ; ' It was no good for m'e to come for'ard with my oock-and-a-bnll story, after I'd made , away -with, the swag, 'specially when I read about the -in- -quest in the papers, that the chap as done it 'ad been seen by others,, and there -was a look out after ,'im. I was . waitin' to see if ho was catched ; then I '- should 'a come for'ard-to conwict himi but while he wasn't catched I should only 'a got oonwicted myself, if I'd ? tried it. on ; but now as I knows where to lay my 'and on 'im* things is ' altered.' All this timp the jcy/yintog'f S^ 1 :1iad'heen^itthering^l6ser?Snd %l8Ber!i ' ?roiind.;Monica nntil sbe-se^m.fld tSrnedl ' ^tO rStpne^j'wbHe .her^eat - .i.-V:Tben-he;^ in, it tqUow ypicej -that .BOuuded strange' to herjWara :;-;', . !j . T : !.' Should !y.0U: ,;k'no w t^f^tjiiis !man ;iiE yo.u.saw, Jiim. again ?.' ? '? ? , / ?' ; ' The tramp stared at ,her. ;: .! . '. ' if. 'iWen, you're,a .lum.'nn -Rnti po'\ mistake,1' 'he -said presently aidn't I' ; ,'«e'* werry Jpot? Wei} I'm blessed I ' j„ - , v^pr.a;,m&jnen;{:ijiiBre: was flafkneBS ? ? ?? vSince ijie began hiB :-8t'prji'an'd .*s?,me inliing of the truth .B^ein.ed tb 'dawn . upouhim, for he muttered : ' Didn't she know . then? ' . :.Y, Tljenho w(ent ^n speakiqg.' ?, , he. said ; ' have you fotgot his de- ; VfpripiKonl 'Paleoomplenoh.Ion'g to a?.drbo^in, moustache, -aiid 'though 'he ? .^as'.laid ;to ;be'.rather; 'feh^ and ;;he ain* t. Jits J werry!fea8y ' to m^ke' ia :miBtake , Jike'thatwhenyononlyBatchor^ of, a' blokeforamoute.-!-' f ? Thbn ^the'inkechor'iwa'^- marked ' 3P.S. ' ' ' ; ' S. . stands ^fbr ' SWinbquhjB,1 -:a'nd ; ? thbubh 'iBnatne'l'Aroldr'JiRna'^ ; -'/y4' ; - ?''/ y- ^ .v*- v ain't spelt with a P. it might ^ be longed to some of , ?is fam'ljr.'- . ' His mpthor's.name,is .Pjispilla,' was tbe thought that passed through . Monioa's dulled brain at'.'.that . mo ment, . ,rt Now,'., pursued the,,ipftmp, comes to the point of tLll thiB palaver. 'If yoirte tookiup.witli this chap, you'll nat'rally want ^all thia 'ushed j In course, I -a^t want ' tp Ao 'im ' any 'arm, it's nothink to do 'ith pap if . he Ukes.to shoota phap, and I b'lievo it was done in a fit o' paBBion and not j delib'rate like. ' . ' But what I .wants is the thino ; if 'im or you likes to tip. me the 'undred pounds instead of the beaks, I'll never split. '. ... .., ' Now you knows -my terms ; I don't pare wh'ioh way it is, though in course, if I ,'ad :my ch'ioe, I'd rather keep away from the crushers. 'But, mind, I means to. 'ave that reward from you or from them, one or t'other.' Monioa passed. her hand oyer her eyes, trying to collect her thoughts. \- 'Mr, Swinbourne is away. I can not talk to you novr. I — I ? ' . ' Well, I see you're a bit overcome, as I haven't seen 'im about theso few days, for I've been on the watoh. 'I s'ppose. you're telling me tho truth ? 'But he'd better come back sharp, 'oos l ain't a-goin1 to wait long, and it's no good for 'im to try and do me. 'I shall be, about 'ere, it ain't a bad place on fine days. When the women bring their kids for a walk, they don't like refuBin' me when I meets 'em in a lone place, 'cos I got such a persuasive look on my mug. . ' If you or 'im don't come to me I shall come to you, mind that, But you ain't a-goin' away without givin' me a bob or two 1 ' Monica emptied her purse into his hand. ' Thank'ee, miss,' he said, hiding it among his rags. ? , CHAPTER IX. Monica wended her way towards Bellevue House like one in a dream. Martha let her ia and exclaimed : ' Good gracious! what is the matter, miBS ? You do look awful.' But Bhe pushed past her, hurried up to her room, and looked the door. ' She gave way to no outburst of passionate lamentation, for every faculty -was frozen with dospair ; nor oould she realise the appalling reve lation of her lover's guilt, it all seemed so unnatural, so preposterous, so im possible, so like the incongruities of a dream. She put aside the circum stantial evidence that was so dam ning, and asked herself, whether it might not be all a trumped-up story of this vagabond's to extort money. Her proper course was to tell Mrs; Swinbourne what she had heard and. demand an explanation. It. was the time when ehe was en gaged above staire, and she was just meditating whether ehe should send for her or wait until dinner-time, when there came a knock at tho door. It was Martha with' a .letter , in her baud. ? ' Isn't ' there anything .1 can do for you, miss?' inquired the good woman ; v' I'm sure you are ill, you do look like a ghost.'. , _ ' I felt cold when 1 .came iu, it is so damp aud miserable out, and I've been wandering through the woods,' said Monica, trying to assume a light tone ; ' but I shall soon get . all fight in front of this good fire.' ' Well, it ain't much of a day for the woods, miss,' remarked Martha, eyeing her doubtfully. 'I Buppose Mrs. Swinbourne is upstairs ?' . ' Yes, Miss.' ' I suppose I could not get to speak to her for a few minutes ?' ' Unless it's something that won't wait till dinner-time,. ' I thiiik it's better not, for she's very bad to-day,' was the.jreply. ',, ...' Oh, vety well, I'll wait.' , . ' You're, sure, miss,, I can't bring yon anything, not a gldss of wine ?' ' Nothing, thank yon, Martha.' : The door closed, Monica! re- locked it and was alone again. Then she looked at the letter ; it bore a foreign postmark and was addressed in Lydia Gamble's hand writing.' She laid it down again ripon the table with a new sinking at hej heart, though why she knew not. When at. length she found courage to break open the envelope' and take out .the . enclosure, she found. that it was' bulky and'closely ^ritten, ;and tlie top . , was dated TScamp. ; The very first words her eyes fell Juppo told her that she must prepare herself for some - new revelation. ' , Dearest Monni, (jt pommopced), ' con trary to my-eipootations— for I neverilatterecl inyaolf 'that l eboiild bo ableitoV^leaniny. j^iUg- i^bisplaoe jabbnt yoii ind came' hero raoro^out o! idle -curioBity. lban sidy jt)iing*lsef-I «iy contrary to 'iny iKpeo'ta- tlone, '-rI iiave heard go - maob lhat l bannot ?waiti ioliitil tffi'/f&ifaii;, .iwjiich ^palile'^f^^s, lint tniietiit .dowh'an'ct^teUiyod ail jibout it; , ji |ua resjly 'tha^flnB)a:^hat t : floo'tkoowwtere tol)egin,it all seemeBo iiko the'jioV^lal have reaJ— thbsp stranfie :o6lri(ii- 'J denbes\that x-no 5a supposed cevpr-to-light upon eioept jn'uovelE, But all tbis time of .- conjrse you .are on Ihe jut vive to linow what I : am hurpting totBll. ,, :. ; : . . ' ''Well,' having dbne tny bubiDess itlPariB— oh'BUoll « Wn3ertal -place 5 sdcli shop^ I you should 806 the Magasia duLouvro ? 'talk about Peter SobiDEOu'n~bnl I must lieop all that till we meci. X b(vl four days iu Parifl — nearly killeti myself EiRht-eoeiDg, tlien I went .- off id BoQeoi' wbich v;qs on roy ^vay back. How yo'tt would enjoy the cathcdcal and tlie cbui-ch-Of; iSt, Ouon. aDil the wonderful old ' ihoniei tbit taust.liavo been .tbere m tbe days of Joau oJ Al-c. .'Put I'm oC again ; I atn so BtpifiEed Iall»t:wonder«'tb'ot:theykaephWBing i out, spitQiaU my -efToitE to liebp them stuffed ? about, and Dext .inGn-,ln^ took. a, licset for Ffoatop; thitiking jnjsolf aloolfpr mytjinsbut urged on by epinQ 'irrQBiEtible impulse that ' seemed to taltb poasegBlon of me. ; - 1 - \- j F^oamp is only i. few, lnuil-s1 ' Journey ? frOm Rouen, and 1 arrived tbeio at two o'eluck, and ! was driven' to^an .lietel whera they announced that Eugliflh WaB spofceb/tbe ' Hotel Chariot d'Or,'.upoh arrivibg it which I fonod-- they did not nn doretan d oue wold, tbougb in the pummer ticoo they iiept a waiter who did. 'HoweVer I waa ipblo to pari c.rFraugak cnougli to malte toysclf ' uudei-stbDd.- atid I was told ithBi&iWas; in^hterpeteiv M/iJacqaes, in the town, who «?as a Terfoqt Jawer ot Babel of languageB,'%nud v,ho showed the town and its AvouderB.to all ilie Tor^iguera who came id^islt it,- H6'-ihis' Very eVeoiug l^ent for bim to make inquiries about the 'people that ,hedi'been'herei''&opeApre; ihiokingt'ioy^e^ » .fool '.lor tey piiop, . us Jt was suoh long Butiu «u!b elsiW'joiBBffMo m this there are so few lnoidento in their liret that people remember everything. Well, lie came eager enoUjtbi {or It being winter time bnilnesi wai slaolt. Be was a tnuffy old gentlemen, vety shabby and rather grimy, bat he could epoik ffingllsh very well and ho waS intelligent. He at once jpropossd to ibow me tbe aooietit ehureb, which contain! .the. Mated blood— a wonderful legend— and the place where tba Benedictine liqueur ie made, and the museum— to all of .jrhioU .. places I promised he shoald icsoort me next morning, and then begin to pomp bim about visitors. . There. .were not many' English I. came therp,he said ; It was out of the way aod I very quiet, but. tbe finest bathing-place with ' the fineit olimale in the world, it madamo I would only ooms in tbe summer. 'Do yon nmember an Bnglish gontleman named Hartley staying here about font years back ?' I asked, as soon as he would allow mo to apeak. / ' 'Artley, Mr. 'Artley l ib, yes, well,' he answered, without n, moment's hesitation; 'be did not know one word of J ronch ; I was alwayB with him.' I pricked my ears at this, though I hardly knew bow tb lead np to What I wanted to know, for tbe simple reason, I suppose, that I did not exaotly know what I wanted to know. fie saved me tbe trouble, like a gossiping Frenohman as be was, by volunteering every thing tbat be had to tell. 'Mr. 'Artley lived here in this very hotel, and there was staying here tbo otber English man, an artist, and his mother and his sister; tbey called themselves Srinburn— you English have suoh funny names.' My beatt gave a great thump. 'Do you mind writing that name f' I said, pushing an old envelope and a pencil towards him. And he wrote tiwinbonrne. Of oourso I immediately thonght of your people. I asked him to describe tbe mother and son ; he did so, and tbe description fitted tbern to tbe life. I neod not tell you that my ourlosity was now up to the boiling point. Bat if I go on with tbie verbatim report it will oost me a fortune for postage and weary you as well. So I will be brief. Ton must prepare yourself for a shock, my dear. I am very eorry to bave to say any thing against tbe dead, and especially under the dreadful oircumstances, and I am very sorry I should ever have poked my noae into what, after all, did not conoern me. James Hartley came over to France on bufli ness for the firm in which he was confidential olerk at the time, and that business was to get hold or theso SwinbourneB and worm bim eelf into their confidence for the purpose of gaining information touching a law enit they were then fighting, It wonld seem that the de fendant in the oase was Miss Swinbourne's lover ; he had succeeded to largo properly at his father's death, but there was u dispute aboat his legitimacy, ai it was said bis birth preceded his mother's marriage by a week, whereas his side held that exactly 'opposite was tbe csae. Mr. Swinbourne and the lady, who bad been dead some years, had been oneo like sisters, and it wsb tbunght as she de clined to Bay anything on either side, pleading ignorance, that although she might not be personally able to prove or disprove the faot, she, held the thread that would lead to each information. There wore two witnesses tbo opposition wanted to get hohl of, the doctor and tbe lady's maid — tbe birth bad taken place in Bome outlandish part of Wales it seems, and it was believed that Mrs. Swin bourne koew the wberoakouts of botb. Tbis was tbe secret that James Hartley camo over to worm ont. Well, you know what a pleasant, jovial fellow James was, and what a knaclc he bad of ingratiating himBelf with people; acd being a fellow-oonntryman in a strange laud there was not mnoh difficulty in this ense. He accompanied Mr. Harold in his sketching tours, or bo took out the ladi6B . for drives while be was away, and chaperoned them about everywhere, until be wormed out that the lady's maid wae then in Mrs. Swinbourne's service, and I believe, is the very Martha wbo ia with her now. . He told all this to tbe interpreter, M. Jacques, tbo night before he Went away, as something to bB proud of in the way of legal acumen. I need not say that tbe Swin bournes were quite innocent of his connection with the Ibw. Well, having gleaned all ho' could, he went baok to London. The trial came on a few days afterwards, the servant was subpeeoaed, and beiog put upon ber oath, was obliged to admit thst tbe marriage had followed the birth, tbat there had been no registration of tho birth, aod that tbe date given at tbe christening was a false one. I should have told you tbat the msrriage was performed by special licence in the room of an hotel, with only the lady's maid and doctor for witnessoB, and the parson was known to be dead. This evidence settled tbe matter, the young man lost his inheritance, and the disgrnco so preyed upon him that he committed euicide. \- All this time the Swinbonrnes remained at F6oamp, maybe to -avoid being summoned in to the witness box. i , Their feelings, wbBn the lady V maid wrote and told them wbo nud what ihoir basom friend, Mr. Hartley, was, .may be imagined. It would seem tbat Miss Swinbonrne was a high-spirited, rather wild-tempered girl, -and loved tbis man— my informant oould not remember his namo — with a ' grande nossfoit,'as he phrased 'It— and the newe 'of hie death sont her raving mad. After that the family went back to England and M. Jacques oould tell me no more. As I sit here, close upeu midnight, writing this cad and dreadful story, all kinds of thoughts and suspicions come crowding upon my mind, makin^jne ehuddnr with horror. Do you know tbat the description of tbe man who was seen hurrying across the fields on the night of tbe murde r, of tliB man who was was so long finding his ticket at the railway BtatioD, is wonderfully like— I dare not writB the name— do you remember tbe blood-stained handkerchief found in the wood bore tbe initials P. S. ?— one at least corresponds to his ' name. Can it be that bis friend's death and his sister'a madnesB drove him to suoh an awful revenge? Oh, my poor, poor, poor child, if it should be so, what an awful ifatality.it iB l It is vety strange, however, tbat be should bave delayed bis revenge ,so long, for four, years j jon* might regard leniently a crime committed in hot blood,, but after all tbat time— - ' X can write no more, all tny paper is ex- . haueted. . I shall start for London the day after to-morrow ; come to me as soon as I return. \- ' I almost wish I bad not written tbis, lint ' \- bad waited nntil I saw you, but I felt I could ?not,' . . ? : ' . i ?She-had not left herself rooim fori - another- word on the crossed pages, - not even her signature. . ^Monioa read on from beginning to end, quietly tnruiog overleaf after leaf with stolid faoe that never, moved a muscle ; emotion had exhausted itself, apd ;»hB iWas capable only of stony . -despair. ,. . ,M'v. -? ' ,'A11 was: confirmed, there did not seem one link wanted tp oomplete - the ohain. ? 1 . ? . ' Harold :Swjnbouriie was a murderer, the mnrderer of the jeaan who. -might . have been.. her husband — thank. God . Jie never had — and she was ^Harold Swinbourne's bethrpthed wife. .. \- Beasott tottered at the thought. ? ? ;? -s'j 0 God, save me .from madness, , from being iike that . poor oreature above !' sbe cried, sinking dow& upon : her knees and huryingiber.&oe;,ih ber hands., . ?;, iSs, Half-an- hour afterwards Martha 'heard the Btreet door clbse, and, run ning td'lhe parlour window, saw Miss Wyndham hurrying through the shrubbery. ' , . ' ' 'How strange,' she thought, 'when dinner will be served in twenty minutes.' Shewent npto her room, and fonntl a 'note - directed to Mrs. Swinbourne .lying upon the table. ' Slio took it to her mistress, wlie was by tbie time iu the dining-room. 3 -Miss Wyndham went out about ten minutes ago,' she said, ' and I found this note lying upon her. table.' , Mrs. Swinbourne, with a presenti ment of evil, tore it open and carried it to the light. . It contained but two lines : I know all. It wai James Hartley 1 was engaged to J» married to. Yon will gee me no more. Mrs. Swinbourne uttered a ory, tottered, and would hare fallen, had not Martha caught her. : She had fainted away. :- ( To tie continued.) The Sensation of Hanging and Dbownino. — In an artiole on The Days of the Dandies, in Blackwood's Magazine, some curious examples are given by the writer ef a well-known phenomenon— the faot that the events of a _ whole lifetime will sometimes pass in a moment through the mind of a person who is ou the point of death _ by drowuing or suffocation. Speaking of tho oase of Lord Ponsouby, who waB hanged by the mob in Paris in 1791, and cut down before life was extiuct, the author says : He (Lord Ponsonky) proooeded to give an account of his sensations on returning to oonsciousueBB. He could not have been actually suspended in mid-air ; more than a few seoonds, and yet in that brief space of time all thu eventB ' of his past life pasBed through his mind. It is true that hie life to that date had not been a very eventful one, 1 being only nineteen years of oge ; but ? every paBt sensation was renewed in ; all its freshness. It is also romarkablo that he did not at tho time exporieuce ' any sensation of fear ; while lie added ' his was an essentially nervous ' temperament. This rcmarkablo men tal power of calling up tho past in i moments of suspended animation I have heard frequently mentioned. One was the oase of Count Zichy, in 1 the revolution of 1818, in Vienna. 1 He was caught by the savage mob, hung like Lord Ponsouby in tho middle of the street, when his own regiment of dragoons charged down and cut the cords as he was swinging in the air. He fell to. tbo ground, and was auppoBed to bo dead ; hut hiB recovery was a very different matter from Lord Ponsonby's, for he suffered agonies, and for ten days had four men oon- ' stantly with him. He described 1 exaotly the same sensations as Lord Ponsonby ; the scroll of what was a much longer life was unrolled, even the smallest detail rushed baok on his memory ; he had the same fearlessness at the moment, but he felt all tho horror of the agony when the dauger was past. A most interesting little book, called Admiral Beaufort's Experiences of Drowning, bears testimony to this seemingly universal experience in sudden dauger. ' Thought succeeded thought,' says the admiral, ' with a rapidity that is not only indescribable, but probably inconceivable by any ouo who has not himself been in a similar situation —the event that had just taken place, the effect it would have on my family, and a thousand circumstances associated with home, travelling backward in time in retrograde sucoes .sion.' All-this proves that duration of life does not dopend ou hours, but on tho number of impressions conveyed to the brain. A Queer Customer.— Sothorn the actor, once entered an ironmonger's shop with Mrs. John Wood, the well known actress, and, advancing to the counter said : ' Have you the second edition of Macaulay's history of England ?' ' The shop assistant ex plained the nature of the business, and suggested the name of a neigh bouring bookseller. ' Well, it don't matter whether it is bouud in calf or not,'- said Sothern. 'But, sir this is not a Bookseller's,' was the reply. ' It doesn't matter how yon wrap it up,' said Sontheru, 'A piece of brown paper will do — the sort of thing you would selcotfor your own mother.' ' Sir ' shouted tho man 'we don't keep books I This is an ironmonger's shop.' ' Yes,' Baid Sothern, ' I see the binding differs ; but, as long as the proper fly-leaf is in, I'm not very particular.', ' Sir' fairly shrieked the bewildered man, ' can't you see you have made a mistake and come into tbe wrong shop ?' ' Certainly,' said Sothern ; I'm iu ho hurry, aud I'll wait .while you . reach it down.' Believing, that his strange customor was either, deaf or mad, the man went off to the baok part of the premises and returned .with the proprietor of the establishment. ' What is it that you require, sir 1' asked the individual of Sothern, in a bland yet determined voice. 'I want,' was the prompt and lucid reply, ' a . small ordinary file, about Bix . inohes in length.' 'Oertainly, sir, ' said -the ironmonger producing the article, and casting a look of . supreme o disgust: -upon his unfortunate assistant. Mrs. John Wood, who, when they entered the shop, ji.ad^no id$a what her mad-oap' ; eompanion^was'' %oipg ,to'; do.vjcry. : nearly spoiled tbe joke by her ill restrained but not inexcusable laughter. ?. How Lump Sdgab is Made White. — The way in whioh sugar is made perfeotly 'white was found out in ja carious way. A hen that had gone through a clay-mud puddle went with her , muddy feet into a : Bugar- house. She left her tracks on a pile: of sugar. It was observed by someone that wherever the /tracks were, tbe sugar waB whitened. ThiB led tp 'same experiments.' Tlie result was tbat wet clay came to be used for refining sugar. It is uBed in this -way V The ? sugar is pdt into earthen jars; shaped las-you b^b tbe sugar-loaves are. -' The' large -ends are' upwards ; the ' smaller ends have a hole in theih. The. jar is filled with sugar, the clay put over -thp top itnd kept wet.' The moisture - foes down through' the sugar and ropB' froni tke hole in the email end' of the jar. This makes the sugar perfectly white. — The Storekeeper. Daup GBAik. — Many farmers are vexed and tried with wet and damp grain, and others 'are deterred from threshing out of the shock, from their fears of injury to the grain while in the bin.- A. remedy fot these troubles is a few stones scattered through the bin, or better yet, a few bricks. They will absorb- tho moisture and the grain will come out like; shot.— Farm and Garden, Wmr some Fabhebs do ho® Sooceed.— They give no attention to details. They think small things not important. They take no pleasure in their work. They regard work a# a misfortune. They weigh and measure stingily. They are fretful, and im patient. They ruin stock by bad fenoes. They lot their gateB tag and fall down. They will not make oomppst. They let their fowls roost in trees and ou the fence. TJiey have no shelter for stook. They do not curry their borses. They leave their ploughs in the field. They hiang their harness in tbe duBt. Tbey put off greasing tho waggon. They starve the oalf aud milk the cow. They let their pigB sleep in the dust and mud. They go to town without . business. They do not know the best is tho cheapest. Thoy bave no method or systotn, They go tou often ' to see a man ' They have no ear for homo enterprise. They never use paint on tho farm. Tltey plant vory late in tho Bpring. They stack fodder in the field. They prop tbe barn door with a rail. They let the horse ataud iu the rain. They lot the clothes dry on the fence. They lot the hoops fall from the tubs. Tlmy neglect to trim the fruit trees. They milk the cows late iu tho day. — Farm aud . Gurden. . .. . - ? An E&quihaux; Newspaper, — In the ice-bound region inhabited by tho Es guimaur a newspaper is now pnbliBhod. It has boen started by a nativo who lias never visited Europe, aud whose only intercourse with us Iiub been con fined to business with tho mission directed by Professor Nordouekjold, to whom ho rendered important services. His name is Lars Mailer, and that of his journal is the Header. He haB all tho oliaracteriBtics of the truo Esqui maux type — a flat noso, largo oars standing out from the sides of the head, and a thin beard curiously clipped. Greenland is a desolate soil, buried under the snow, darkened by months of night, inhabited by a primitivo people, childlike, ignorant, and super stitious, living in hutB covered over with skins of animals ; a cornor of tho world, in a word, iaolatod, and fot which nature seems to have reserved all its aBpei'itios. Yet thore, at Godthaal, quite to the north, Lars Moeller haB set up his makeshift printing estab lishment, and in heavy sealskin boots, rough coat of unepun wool, and fur gloves to protect bis hands from cold, sets up and printB hiB paper. When it was first started, tho Header published principally a few insignificant draw ings, accompanied by one or two ex planatory lineB of lettorpreBB. Later on, these links took a more defined aud extended form, creating a desire among readers for more important in formation. It Beems illogical that a newspaper should have been started when thcro appeared to bo no readers to appreciato itB conteuts. Neverthe less the venture has proved successful, for now the Reader can point to its regular subscribers. Lars Mceller has taught himself the art of the com positor with the help of some old type aud useful hints given to him by Pro fesBor Nordenekjold. With regard to his illustrations, which, it must bo owned, are not absolutely artistio, he is not only his own designer, but his own wood engraver as well. He cheerfully accepts all the difficulties attending his undertaking, with an implicit belief in its useful purpose. His paper is still but a crude and informal instructor ; but it is a newspaper issued and circulated in a land where a belief in miracles still exists, aud where it iB related in all seriousness that there is a white bear prowling about so old that the ioo which has accumulated on his back nover meltB. Lars Mooller in his paper is fighting against old superstitions of this kind. Addressing his Countrymen in words the foree of which they can understand and appre ciato, he enlightens their minds pro gressively by means of tho unpretenti ous organ to which he is the only contributor. Ho journeys from one tribe to another, taking his plant aud small hand-proBB with him ; end in side a hut, lighted by a lamp fed with fish oil, he sets his type, to the amazement of other Esquimaux, who watch him intently. An explorer recently submitted to a literary society in Denmark one or two copies of this unpretentious but most interesting paper, adding a few details of the personality of Lars Mccllor. The members of that society, feeling a keen interest in the man and his aims, have lately forwarded to him new type, printing ink, and paper, aud a larger press than the one he has been using. The influenza is leading to a carious modification of manners in the Austrian Empire. It has been found, or supposed, that the lifting of the hat to ladies is a frequent ocoasion of oold and catarrh, which presently assume 4ia8-been-reBbIved-hy4uose-JTfho-eet- ' the fashion in these things that for the time to opine,, a' military'; salute shall replace tbe older Salutation. There is some likelihood of the in novation finding its way into other countries and becoming general.. At Vicenza, in Italy, on the . 20th January, a lion-tamer, only seventeen years of age, attached to a travelling menagerie, entered a cage containing several lions, in order to go through his usual performanoes, when oiie .of the animals sprang upon him, ripping open his shoulders and his; stomach. The spectators fled from the show 'in , a panic bf ' terror, and the unhappy youth expired shortly afterwards .in the hospital. ' ' The system of transmitting eleotrio currents by wires ? overhead : has yety nearly prbved fatal to the Queen of Greeoe. She was' passing through one of the. prinoipal Ihroughfare's of Athens in her earriage, when some wiies broke from thB poles, and coiled round hor neok. They were promptly severed through the presence of mind of some passers-by, and. the ..Queen escaped with only a severe Shook. Von Wagner (at a boncbrt of amateurs) : ' I wonder when 'Mts. Screecher will find her way back' to the air?' De Bass ; ' Never, :unless tbey let down the bars ; ihe is struggling with the wrong ltey, you observe.' Von Wagner: ' That's so; . let's make a holtcsrseWes.' V' ~C*' '? ' 