Experience. Some boys like the maiden withsaucy blue eyep, Or fancy the girl with gold hair;. . - , Some chaps like the lass of diminutive / V . eize; < Or maid with a scholarly stare; ' Soma youths are quite partial to tender young; dears, > ? Or beauties who weightily crash ; But men are convinced thro' the knowledge, :. - of years ' > ' There's .nought like the girl with the Y cash. v ': REGRET for tha_ good thing unsaid never equals after-mortification for the EuppoBed good thing that falU flat. " SHE " MisB Rodney alwayB looks well for one who has so little to dress on." He: " Yes, she is rather thin1 Ellowly (consulting his watch): " Is your watoh going, Brownly ?" Brownly ("despon dently) : "Going? It'dgone." "Wm, you marry me,Ethel?"-said the youth; "my family is all that one could wish for--" " Then why do "you want me?'.' ' ' ' ."HACKarAu: "Is the doctor at home?' ' Bridget: " Yes, sir.; he's out in the back-' yard_killing a ohioken." ;Hackman : "Call him in, I've got bigger game." . Mas..ABBAMS-: "An' so your poor, tear liuebant'ees det. Vas he resignet?" Mrs. -Isaacs : "Yah, he vas villings to go. He saiddere vas no moneys in der oloding peesi ness nowatays." - Mamma;Mamie, you mustn't read the paper ia tho twilight. You'll hurt your eight." Mamie.: "I just want to finish this article." Mamma: "What is it about?" Mamie: " The oare of tho c-yes." " This is where we cast our cannon/-" said tho polite attendant. "How interesting I" (Baid the sweet girl; " and where do you blow ' your great puns ? I've heard a yaohtiDg friend of mine epeak of that so often." "WHAT can. you do? ' ayJ-xd the editor. " Well, I can't write, and 1 can't edit, and I ain't get no literary judgment; but i! yer want. a man that's ail muscle to blsmefor writin' libels, I'm the feller yer want see?" Skbvant (at Bw'eet girl's boudoir); " Mr. Nicefellov/ fa in the parlor, miss." Sweet Girl (throwing down hf r novel): " Horrors I And- my hair iB all down 1 Tell him he'll have to wait a littlo, as I'm in the kitchen ' helping mother." Miss ROSEBUD : " Ob, well, you must not blame her; she is one.of the period." Bron son: " Period ! She a girl of the period ? one doesn't know what a period is. Why, ' she never stops talking except with an ex clamation point." "And 19 that Liberty ?" aeked the immi.% grant, pointing to the statue as the vessel entered tho harbor. " Yes," eaid the sailor, ' " that is Liberty." ''Then give me death !"' cried the immigrant,, and he jumped over- - board.- , '"GEORGE," she eaid, after she had promised ' to be^ his wife, " please don't announce oar .. engagement until next week." " Why not, V darling?" he asked,tenderly. " Beoau'so I'm' going to the theatre with Henry on Fridav ' ' night." " I "I HAVE here a story,, a sort of fiction; founded on; fact,"-said the young man, de murely entering the eanotum. "We are' over-etooked with stories such as that,"; observed tbc editor, backways; "what we want are stories of fact, founded on fic tion." ?.Miss ROSEBUD: "Have you read«How ~ Men Propose,'-Miss Passee ?" Miss Passee : ' "Yes, What nonsensical fraeh it ia 1 S a improbable!" Rosebud : "Improbable? Oh.no ! Why, every one of the hundred and forty.3ix proposals in that book is per fectlyreal." Eldbm,y PATHS (to small boy) : "Come, ' my little man, I guess you'll let me have your seat?' Small -Boy:. "Guess again." Elderly Party: "What! You won't give it up1 ? Wouldn't you give it up to your father if he came in?" Small Boy: "You just bet your life I would. I wouldn't ride with no ' ghost," " COME; general," said Miss Rosebud, " tell us the Btory of your achievements in the field, rdo so love to hear you' talk of yourself." " And my reward ?" asked the veteran. «' A lues," returned the girl. " Well," ejaculated, tho green-eyed civilian ? who was calling, " that is a case of giving a kiss for a blow." v 1 In a recent grammar examination a class was required to write asentenoec n lining a noun in the objective case; One of the ; boya wrote the following sentence: " The cow do'es not like to be licked," "What" noun is there in the objective case ?" asked the teaoher. " Cow 1" said the boy. " Why is ' cow' in the objeotive case ?" " Because ,the cow objeots to be lioked." MBS. JONES : " My dear Miss Smith, I do hope you will consent to sing for us- we Bhouldbe BO delighted." Miss Smith: " Why, of course I will. I'm. m good practice. I haven't the IeaBt bit of a cold, and I've brought my muaio with me. I will sing with the . greatest of pleasure." Mrs.. Jones (aside, to Mrs. Brown): "-Well, if she ain't the queer est girl I ever saw ! Juat think of it." BARRISTER: "Now, Bir, you have stated . under oath that this man had the appear anee of a gentleman. Will you ba good enough to tell the jury how a gentleman looks, in your estimation ?" Witness "Well, er-a-gentleman looks-er-like~ er-" Barrister: "I don't want any of your crs, sir; and remember that you arts on oatb. Can you see anybody in this court room who looks like a gentleman?" Wit ness (with Eudden asperity): .« I can if you'll stand out of the way. You're not trans parent." FOB the third time little Tommy F/gg had asked his father what waB the oause of the desert of Sahara. Finally, the old man laid down his paper and answered: " I reckon it was formed when the Israelites lost their 1 sand; aad if you don't quit asking me so many questions, I'll see that your mother puts you to bed before I get home here after." " But, paw, how can you see her put me to bed if she puts me to bed before you get home ?" And that question was Tommy's laet-for that evening.'' 698 