CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. LintocVs lamp, Ducket had. descended to t-hc basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom ; it-s area represented the dimensions of the <ntire warehouse ; and although there were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars which sup ported the floor above, its great size was still apparent, for there were avenues in every directiou between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to run to and fro. Near the river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing the main avenue, and a small win dow 011 each side. On the door was written "Supcr'nten^leiit'soHice." Ducket raised tho latch and stepped in. There was a desk under one of the windows, and under the other stood a stove with a fun nel disappearing through a hole in the wood-work. The foreman drew up a chair in front of this stove, and having looked at the lire and fed it witli charcoal, he began to ap pease his appetite out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. lie ate his supper with apparent relish ; but the mixture in the can did not seem to his taste, for he rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. " I'd rather drink a pintcf senna," he declared, driving the cork home emphati cally with the palm of his hand, " than another drop of that stuff." He lit his pipe with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly at tlie tiu can. Had auyone been playing him a trick ? He was be g:nmng to get ho sleepy (hit the waMs of the shed appeared to expand, and his head (o grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off liis drowsiness, f«»r he was the sole watchman in the building. If any i catastrophe occurred the blame would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. lie began to pace up and down the centra avenue butween pyramids of bales. Nu matter whether ho turned to the right or i i- ft he was always becoming wore ami I more impressed With the fact thsit une-.-r ! tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the lau tern's fall.tig from Irs hand and going out ; Ih^n lie sank on the ground «ith h:s head resting on a hard ba'e. Was he dreaming ? It seemed to Ducket as iu a dream that someone glided past him like a ghost, and that a light, Hashed before his eves ; tli n ;m interval of darkness and confusion followed, until he a « oke witli a start, strongly convinced that lie had been roused by the clans of the warehouse bell. Could it be Over beck at the gate already <* It was surely not ten o'clock ! The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward the superintendent's ofnee. As he went along with outstretched hands he cxperienc.-d a dull sinirimj in his ear-. Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his be wildered brain ? Ducket found the slove fire still burn ing, though low. He took a lantern from the wall, r.nd lighting it glanced anxious! v at tie clock. Half-past ten !" he exclaimed : why—" It ira.t the warehouse bell. It was 110 divam now ; it sounded 1 ik-.' an jdartit, i( was so incessant. Si.ill half dazed wi:ii the oppre-sim* cffcct of liis unnatural slee:>, Ducket hurried across the yard, and unlocking the sid- door lending" into i:i -mes sheet, foiuid himself f.ice to face with Per.-y O-'erbeck. Vvch an air of suppressed impatience he s >id : " «rhy are you so dilatory in onenin" thedo»r ?" . 4 J ();ily heard the bell a. minute a«Y> sir. = How .i that ? 1 have Ivcn ringing at short intervals for i.esrly half-au-hour. Is tnere anything wrong Ducket looking puzzled at Overbeek's excited face, answered : '■ I very much suspect that—" " What ?■' " ^3.,at *'re k"0" drugged. That's why 1 couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise of the bell awoke me." , TJ)« excited expression on Overbeek's race increased. " Are you here alone ?" " I'm the only one on duty ; but I'm not alone in the warehouse," said the foreman ; *• Mr. Lintock is here." Ov rbeck hurriedly demanded • '• Wher.' ?" " In his oflioe up stairs. I left Irim there b'isy writing at his desk " " When ?" 41 Some hours ago—before I became armvsv. Hours aero 1 Show the wav as quick as you can to Mr. Untock's room." , Ducket, still more perplexed at Over oeck's manner, hastened up-stair3 with out a word. lie was re'zed with a dread ful sense of apprehension • and on open ing Mr. L ntoek's door, he uttered a sup pressed cry. Tiie wharf-owner's room was empty ; but the lamp upon his desk was burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the table, and the ink was trickling down in'o a pool upon the floor. Ovevbeck stepped forward, took a ouick "lance round him. Then he looked keenly f t Ducket. J " Cit-gsfoun has been here. He and Mr. Lintock have met." The foreman's face expressed a Icok of Iiorror. ISow, Ducket," said Percy Overbeck placing: his hand upon the foreman's aho«Mor, 11 nerve vourseK Let us search the warehouse. The warehouse was explored from roof to basement. The foreman who had known every turning anions the dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood, took t.'e lead, flashing h:s lan'ern into every noo.c and corner. On each floor they called on Mr. Lintock loudly by name; but only an echo of their voices reached' them. Tney stood once more within the whai f-ownei 's room. *' Ducket," said Overbeck, "cast your eyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing ? * ° The light from the foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly it stopped be hind Mr, Lintock*s chair. '• Do you see !hat pe«; sir?" " Yes." 44 That key should be there. It's gone." " What key 72»,lc key' -sir' to tIiat P™Vat0 <1oor and Ducket pointed to a dooropposiie the window. Rut, said Overbeck, thst ?eads o«t upon the wharf. And, ' he added, turn ing the handle, " it's locked. What cm it itiep.ii ?" It means, ' said the foreman with sudden inspiration, " that, dead or alive master has gone out by that door." ' Without loss of time, by means of the superintendent's key, they made their way out upon the Janding-stajre. Tliev looked eagerly across the dark river. The tide was lapping monotonously against the sides of the wharf ; chains =were rattling, boats and barges moored along side creaked and strained at their ropes Presently Ducket, who went flashing about with his lantern, cried out: " There's a boat gone !" " Ah ! Is the tide ebbing ?" " Ay, sir, ebbing fast." Overbeck reflected a moment; then he said : *' Give me the lantern." Ducket obeyed. '* Now, 'added Overbeck, **unfasten a boat, and let us row down the stream We ac.< on the track, T hope, at last." i The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to their purpose lyinj outside a barge ; it was soon loosened and read y to start. " I'll take the sculls," said Overbeck, as he stepped into his place. " You shall steer. You know this part of the river better than I do. Are you ready?" " Right with the tide* Mr. Ovevbeck " Yes, by all means ; with the tide." And so, with Ducket grasping the rud der and Overbeck the sculls, the boat i moved out into in id-stream. On thevi went with the ebbing tide, under the black shadows of huge ships and toironiif warehouses until Ducket's lantern was! a mere speck of gliding light in the dark ness. I | Bertha Lintock, although made aware in a message from her father that lie should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards midnight. She paced up and down her room, and con stantly listened for the sound of wheels in the carriage-drive ; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Oveibeck had ppoken to her reassuringly, recurred to j her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she ; could not conquer her strong presenti ; nieut of danger; for, -when a child, > Wyrhred's wharf had made a deep im P'. essiou upon Bertha. While walking at j her lather's side through the great sombre ; .^tore-rooms, they had reached some pas ■ sa.e— wall-, d with bah s of merchandise— • so dark and narrow that she shrunk back j itli su iden fright, and would go no i further. That was her first visit, and j she had never cntertd it since. , Presently. Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She rail to the win- 1 dow and threw it open. Oveibeck stood below. " Pcr«-y, has anything happened?" she asked. " Where is my father?" *' lie is here, Bertha—at the gate. You have no need to be alarmed." Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Over heck met her at the door, •mrl they went into the dining-room to gether. " Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy," Pi-rcy hastens to tell her. " He believes that while seated in h-s office this evening,Clogstoun threatened him. Panic-stricken, he es caped from this phantom, or reality, f d-'Wr, in's private staircase leading to the j wharf. Here, groping his way to the i barges, he dropped into a boat, and, set f mo; it adrift, went out with the tide, i D:;eket -'Hid I—to cut a long story short— j overtook the bo.it, and— At tics moment Sir. Lintock slowly en tered the room, leaning on Ducket's "arm. IIis cl:;tiu:s were wet and bespattered with mud. S eing his daughter, he step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his Side and bent over him. Arc you hurt, father ?" "No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket," said he, looking up gratefully into their faces, "have saved my life.'' The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his . daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to hciiith. Clogstoun's face never haunted Mr. Lintock again ; for 0:1 the day after this occurrence, the man was found at the warehouse among some bags of sea dam.iged hemp-seed, breathing his last; r.'.id as a small phial was discovered at his side containing (races of a narcotic, it was conjecture d ihat he had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to an end. For some time Mr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the ofticeand from tli-j face. It appeared, however, th;vt at the moment when Clogstoun forced his way into file room, the wharf owner re'ivated through the private door. This door he locked behind him, in order to cut oIT pursuit ; and thus separated from the Thames-street exit by Clogitoun's presence, Mr. Lintock made his escape by water. In after days, when l'ertha had become Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt, on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that he had found a means of getting into the whareliouse. For this reason lie had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood and womanhood open op difcriiBina tic-n is cecssEBry between what ought to he remembered and what it were better to forget. Oae good general rule which holds through life i3 to forget as speedily aa possible the evil which we see aroui.d us and even within us; for evil, like a plant, thrives in the light and withers in the darkness. Bccughfc into open view, talked about, thought about, and stored in remembrance, its tendency is to reproduce it-;eH. ■ Cojiri/MEXTS, which we think are de served, we accept only as debts, with in- ' d lifererce; but those whose conscience informs us we go not merit, we receive with the same gratitude that we do favors given away. ! 