THE NOVELIST. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Miss Braddon, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Phantom Fortune,' ' Dead Men's Shoes' ' Cut by the County," "Taken at the Fiood," " Wearers and Weft," " One Thing Needful," "Mohawks," &c; , &c.; CHAPTER XIV. Daisy's Diary at Lamford. Home is sweet even after Italy, even after the bright and busy streets of Peris, with their flower shops, and milliners, and bon bons, and prettinesses of all kinds, and the Bois, and the carriages, and the smart people, and the musio, and the life and brightness everywhere, and above alt the opera and the theatres. Paris was very uoe. I had no idea I oocld enjoy any oity so mnoh after Venice. I thought that enohant ing labyrinth of marble, lying upon the breast of the.waves, would take the oolour out of every other oity in the world. Bat Paris was nice, all the same, and I was sorry to leave it. Borne is sweet always. I nave been reading my German Plato this morning under the wiliowB that shade my father's stave, in the old spot that has been my sanotnary ever sinoe I began to read serious books, and try to understand the thoughts of great writers, Plato is so oomforting after Uohopenbauer and fiartmann. Plato is full of hope, they are the preaohers of despair. Mother seems happy to be at home again, in the old rooms, among the books and piotnreB, and in the gardens she loves so dearly. She has imported a small fortune in the shape of speoimen conifers and azaleas and peonies and roses from a famous nursery man near Paris, and she is happily employed in superintending the planting of her treasures. It is rather late for planting our head gardener says in his broad oootoh; and he even went so far as to give us a saying qnoted by the great Sir Walter himself. "Plauntatree before Candlemass and ye may oommaund it to grow, plaunt one after Candlemas and ye may joost beg It to grow." But, in spite of Sir Walter's proverb, we must truBt in providence and In our good old Maodonald's skill. unoie Ambrose retains the cottage in which he has lived so long, and in whloh Cyril's childhood was spent. There is no room in onr house for bis boobs, whioh fill every available wall in the cottage, so he beeps them on their old shelves, and nses his old 'stndy sometimes when he is working on any snbjeot whioh requires much reference to sutnoritles. fie is writing a new boob, I believe, though be haB not confessed as much to either mother or me. fie is very reticent abont his literary work, and seemed snrprised and almost soared by the success of his last boob, and by the tremendous amount of criticism and argumentation that was ex pended npon it, "I could not live without literary work," he told me onoe ; " bat 1 do no derive very much pleasure from the publication of a boob. Critics are an aggravating race. They see meanings that 1 never.meant; they overlook the most obvious points." He is the most self-contained man this world ever saw, I believe. He takes no delight in the things that please other people, but he is the best and kindest friend I have, and be adores mother; so what oan I want more in him to make up perfection? Cyril is his opposite in most things—all energy, aotion, aght- heartednes. 1 sometimes wish he were a little lees light-hearted. One may weary of perpetual sunshine. If I am ever in a sad or meditative mood I have a feeling that, however kind Cyril is, he can't understand me. fie seems miles and miles away from me—as far as from England to Amerioa. Be haB been away at Oxford elnoe we oame home, visiting Borne of his college friends. Of course 1 hubs him sadly, but there is a kind of relief in being alone after continual companionship, find Cyril been here I should not have been able to spend a morning by my father's grave. He would have wanted me to go for a ride, or a walk, or to row down to Henley. I fall baok into my old ways and my sad, quiet life naturally, while ne is away, and if It were not that-we write to eaoh other every day I might almost forget that we are engaged. | Uncle Ambrose is not fond of River Lawn. He does not eay as mnch, bnt I know him too well not to find out hie real feelings. Children have a way of .watching faoes; and I used to watch his faoe yean ago to see when he was pleased or displeased with me, so that I oame to know every line of his ooontenanoe, and what ever line means. No; he is not fond of Hirer Lawn. All the thinga I lore—the quaint old oottage rooms that father and mother found hero before they were married, the low ceilings, the bow windows, the great oak beams and and diamond paneB, and leaden lattioss— hare no charm for Unole Ambrose. Nor yet the handsome rooms father built, so studiously arranged for mother's oomfort; drawing-room and dining-room below, bed room, dressing room, and boudoir above. Nothing oould be more picturesque than the old rooms, or more comfortable and luxurious than the new, and yet Unole Ambrose does not like the house. 1 can see it in his fase. He seems to bear a grudge towards the place father loved and cared about. Is it jealousy, I wonder ? Surely a philosopher, a man who has studied the deeper meanings and mys teries of life, present and future, as Plato studied them, surely such a man oould not feel so petty and limited a feeling as jealousy, jealousy of my dear dead father's love and forethought for my mother; a jealousy so trivial as to set him against the rooms and furniture my father provided for his wife. No ; I cannot believe him oapable of such ohildiah pettiness. He is a man of large mind and far-re aching thoughts, and to be jealous about chairs and tables—impossible I But the.fact still remains. Unole Ambrose does not like Hiver Lawn. He ia full of his plans for the house in Grosvenor-square; has been up to London with my (mother twice already, to hurry:on the work. He waDta to Install us there at the beginning of June, eo that we may enjoy all the gaieties of the season, the summer season when people almost live out of doors. Mother Is to be presented on her marriage, and I am to be presented by my mother. She has begun to talk already of my court gown, all white, like a bride's. Uynl suggested that it would he an eoonomy for us to marry while the gown was fresh; but I told him that the idea of matrimony in relation to him had not yet entered my head, "It has entered other people's heads though, my dear Lady Disdain," he aald. " I suppose you know that a certain suite of rooms in Grosvenor-square is being fitted with a view to our joint oooupation." " With a view means any time within the next ten years," I told him. Upon thiB he began to be disagreeably per sistent, and declared that nobody had ever contemplated a long engagement. We had plenty of money, and what was there to "prevent onr being married before ttae summer j me overt " A great many things," said I. " Bat first and chief among them the faat that we are i both mnob too feather-headed to take each an awful step as matrimony." And then I reminded hhn how nioe it was to be engaged, how mnoh nioer for yonng people like us than to be married and tied to eaoh other in a sort of domeatio bondage. "Marriage is a capital institution for middle-aged and elderly people," said L " The very best and brightest examples we have of married people are Banois and Phile. mon, and Darby and Joan. Now yon would not expeot me to feel like Baucis." " Bauds was young onoe," said he. 11 Yes, and then no donbt she was engaged to Philemon, and he need to serenade her as ?rou did me that night at Venice, Oh, it was ovely! You couldn't have serenaded your irife. You would havebeen indoors grumbling at her more likely." " Daley, you are talking nonsense," said he sternly, ana no donbt he spoke the truth. "Oh, I am only pleading for youth and liberty—for the morning hours of life," I explained. "As it is you can go where you like, do what you like, and there 1b no one to find fanlt with you. If I were your wife I might feelj offended at your going iup to London so often and coming home so late at night, and being a member of so many olubs. If I were your wife I might grumble at your aooepting that Invitation to Oxford for next week." " Tell mB to withdraw my acceptance, and it is done," he cried in hie impulsive way, " I give you all the authority of a wife in advance. Being your slave what can I do but wait" "Don't quote that sonnet," I said, "every body does. Quote something fresh." He did not notioe this impertinence. He was pacing up and down the room in a state of excitement. "Your mother did not think like yon, Daisy," he Bind. "She was only ninetssn when she married." " Ah, but then ehe adored my father," said 1 without thinking what I was saying. He stopped hie impetuous pacing, and walked over to me laid his hands upon my shoulders, and looked me in the faoe. " Margaret Hatrell,"besaid," do you mean what your words imply 1" •;Do 1 mean that my mother was des perately in love with my father? Of coarse I do." "And that you are not in love with me ?" "Not desperately in love. Oh, Cyril, J don't look at me like that. Yon have no right to look so angry; you have no right to look eo ehooked and distressed. Did I ever tell you that I adored you ? Did I ever pre tend to be desperately in love? Never, never, never:! I am not romantic or poetical as my mother was at my age. I have been taught differently. Your father trained my mlnd_, and he did not make me romantic. It Isn't in my nature to love any one ae mother loved my father—at least I think not." A strange faltering stopped me ae I said thiB; a curious dim feeling that there were hidden possibilities in my heart; dreams that I might have dreamt: feelings that would have brought my mind nearer akin to my mother's mind; if. things had been dif ferent. The look of absolute distress in his faoe made me unhappy, and I tried to make amendsfor my silly speech.. "Why should yon be shooked beoause I am, not iromantio'?" I asked. I don't think you are a very romantio person either. We have known each other all our lives, and we ought to be very happy together by-and-by. Is that not enongb, Cyril?,r "Not quite," he answered, graver than I had ever seen him until that moment, " but I suppose it ie all I shall get, eo I must be satisfied." Yesterday afternoon I amused myself with an exploration. It was a lovely afternoon! almost summer-like, though we are still in the time of hyacinths, and the beeohes have not yet unfolded their tender yonng leaves. Mother had gone to London with her hus band to look at the drawing-rooms, which are receiving their finishing touches at the buds of the deooratom.and I had all the day to myself. I spent the whole morning at my stndles, working npon a synopsis of Durhye history of the Greeks, which Uncle Ambrose advised me to write, firstly to impress historical facta upon my mind; secondly, to cultivate style; and thirdly, to.acquire the power of arranging and condensing a subject with neatness and facility. It is rather dry work bnt I like it, and I adore the Greeks. I have been reading fibers' Egyptian story between whiles, and I think that has helped me to realise the atmosphere of that bygone age when Piaietratns was ruling at Athens, and.Croesus was discoursing wisely upon his fallen fortunes at the Court of Amasis. I finished my work before lunoh, which is an Absurd meal when mother is away. A mere eoramble with the dogs, who come in to keep me company, and clear my plate under my nose. Directly after lnnca I took up my hat to go out, whereupon tfappho and Ponto, my darling Irish setters, went mad and nearly knobked me down in their delight at the idea of a ramble with me. We had explored every lane, copse, and common within fonr mileB of River Lawn, so I wanted if I possibly could to give the dogs a change; and I thought I would venture to peep in at Fountain Head where the shrubberies are full of primroses at this season. The Fountain Head gardener and our under gardener are great friends, and I have often talked to him when he has been in our grounds. I know the old housekeeper, too, so I had no oompunotion in opening a little gate intheBhrnbbery which gives on to the narrow lane that divides our property from Mr. Florestan's. There is a grand ontranoe on the Henley road, and high iron gates, and a rustic lodge with a thatched roof and the dearest old ohlmney ataok. The ^ardener'a. family live in this lodge, bnt the big gate 1b only opened when Mr. Flore stan is at home, and that is very seldom. He told me he meant to be oftener at Fountain Head in the future. He feels himself grow ing too old for a roving life. I suppose he must be at least nine and twenty, which is certainly old compared with Cyril and me. Hownioeitia to be young—to feel oneself quite young, and how sad it must be when weariness and age begin to oreep over one. I am miserable sometimes when I think that mothpr will grow old before I do—that I shall see the shadows stealing over thst dear and lovely faoe—the shadows that foretelltheend. Oh. that is the bane of life, that is what makes life not worth ltvfng—the knowledge that death is waiting somewhere on the road we know not—the grey mysterious highway of the future—waiting for those we love. The old shrubberies Ioooked lovely in the afternoon sun, anoh a wild wealth of arbutas and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and ao many fine oonifera half bnned among the spreading brandies, a tangle of loveliness, periwinkle and 8t. John's wort straggling over every bit of nnooonpied ground. Ponto and Sappho rushed abont like mad things, imagining all eorta of impossible vermin, and aoratohing and digging whenever they got out of reaoh of my whip. That dog whip of mine looks formidable, oat I'm afraid those two olever darlings know that I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pooket Dante with me, meaning to try ana fancy myself in the Pine Forest, ! near Ravenna, where he need to meditate, 1 bnt the book was ao far trae to ita name that it never left my pooket. I seemed to have ao much to think abont; and a spring after noon with light olondlets floating in a pale bine sky. and the perfume of violets in the , air sets all one's most fanoifol fanoies roam ing far and wide. I think my thonghta were light as thistledown or vanity that afternoon, or they oonld never have strayed so for, and yet there was a tonoh of sadness in them, for I oonld not help thinking oi Gilbert FloreBtan and his sad position, quite alone in the world, mother and father both lying skill and dumb, as my dear father lies in hia grave nnder the willows—no sister or brother, no one to care for him or to lean upon him. No doubt he has oonsins as I have. I have not quite made np my mind whether oousins are a necoesary evil or a modified kind of blessing. I'm afraid if I stood alone in the world as he does Dora and Flora wonld not fill a large gap in my life. I rambled in the shrubberies and the dear old fashioned gardens till I was tired, and then I began to feel the keenest onriosity about the inside of the house. It is not apretty house, but It is old and dignified. When one has come but lately from a city of palaoes one oan hardly hie altogether alive to the beauty ot an eld English mansion, with moss-grown walls and deep-set windows, and a general greyness ' and low tone of colour whioh Borne people find so dispiriting. Yet the house touched me by a kind of monrnful beauty, and a sense of qneit desolation snob as I felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old neglected mansions upon some of the smaller canals, so gloomy in their grandeur, as of the . dead irrevocable past. I have felt sometimes I as ii I wonld give worlds to be able to buy ! one of those degraded, dilapidated old palaces, and to olear away ail its parasite growth of petty modern uses, and to restore it to the splendour end the beanty of three hundred years ago. And yet I have shud dered at the thought of the phantoms that might oome crowding round me in those great grand rooms, of all the dead people who might awake at the sonnd of musio and Ianghter in the home where they were onoe yonng and merry. I walked np and down the broad gravel terrace in the front of Mr. Florestan's house. It stands only abont twenty feet above the level of the river bank, and a wide lawn elopes gently from the house to the river. I could see the boats going by, and hear the voioes of the rowers, which were a relief after the uncanny feeling that had orept over me while I was in the great overgrown garden on the other side of the hooae. I believe the gardener must have given himself a holiday, for not a human oreature did I see in the grounds. There was a glass door opening on to the terraoe with an old-fashioned hanging bell. I ventnred to ring that antiquated bell, trembling a little at the thought of ghosts, and perhaps a little at the thought that the old housekeeper would wonder at my wanting to explore her domain. The fonoy had never come into my foolish brain before to-day, but I Buppoue that was because I had seen so little of Mr, Florestan until we met in Paris, and could not feel any partioular interest in his houBe. Now that I know him the hones seems like an old friend, and I wonder that I oan have looked so otten at the old Indian red roof and the great grey stone oklmney stacks without wanting to see what the inside is like. No one answered mjr summons thongh I heard the bell ringing with an awful distinct ness. I rang again, bnt still there was no answer, though I waited long enough for the feebleBt of old women to oreep from the remotest corner of the rambling old house. I rang a third time, and still there was no reply, and the more I oouldn't get in the more keenly onrions I beoame. So at last, knowing olaMrs. Murdew would never resent any liberty on the part of my mother's daughter, mother being a power at Limford, I tried the door. It opened easily, and I went in, taking eare to shut the door after me so as to keep Ponto and Sappho ontaide. They were eoampering about the shrubberies and I knew tbey wonld find their way home when they missed me. I went in feeling very much as Fatima must have felt, or, iu other words, just a little ashamed at my idle curiosity. The house is a dear old house, very shabby as to carpets and curtains, but with lovely old _ furniture of Sir Charles Grandieon'e period, and with old china in every oorner, ohina whioh I am convinced is worth a fortune; but I will never breathe a word about ite value to Mr. Florestanorhemaypack it all off to Christie's, Men are enoh Goths where old china is conoerned, Yes, it is a dear old bouse. It has an old, old pertume of rose leaves and lavender, which must have been hoarded ever bo long before Mr, Florestan waa born, in all the old chrysanthemum bowlB and hawthorn jars which stand about everywhere on the tops of cabinets and in corner oupboarda, and in quaiot little alcoveB and recesses which one meets with unawareB in the oorridores and lobbies. Not all the wealth of the Indies conld create snoh a house. It is ths alow growth of time, like the golden brown llnchens and cool grey mosses on the garden walls. 1 I roamed end roamed about the rooms on the ground floor, opening one into another, quaintly inconvenient, with queer little doors, half wainscot and half wall paper; rooms without the faintest pretension to splendour or dignity; rooms that suggest the world as Miss Edgeworth and Misa Austen knew it; a world in whioh people dined-at 5 o'olock, and danced conntry dances, and played on the spinet, and painted on velvet, and talked about the iuncheon-tray and the Briteka. I looked at all the ornaments on all the tables and ohimney-pieoes, the things our grandmothers loved; cardboard hand Bcreens, with penoil landscapes—Craig-milier castle, Gay's Cliff—spill-boxes. What are spills, by the way ? Old albums and Borap. boohs, old work baskets lined with faded satin. Everything was arranged as neatly B8 it had been fifty years ago, when Mr. Florestan's grandmother was mistress of the honse, and these were her things—most of them. His mother's room had a more modern look, yet even there the books, desks, and workboxea were old fashioned. How qniokly the fashion of this life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amused to feel the unoanny influences oi those empty rooms full of things thtt had belonged to people who were aU dead; but presently that air of long ago, together with the death-like silence of the house, began to affeot my-spirts. A feeling of profound melanoholy crept over me. I thought of my dear, dead father, and wondered, as I have bo often wondered, where the dead are, how near ne, or how distant. 1 went back to the dining-room for a least look at the family por traits before leaving the desolate houae. .Mm. Unrdewjhad evident!; gone oat apon some errand, and there was no use in waiting for her return. <u I looked with interest at the piotureonthe left of the sideboard, and near the door lead ing into the hall. It wbb the portrait oi Mr. Florcatan's father, a full length painting, in a rongh brown shooting suit, kniokerbookere, and mighty hobnailed boots. A picturesque brown hat, a gun, and a liver-oolonred pointer were the accessories of the boldly painted figure, againBt a background of russet foliage. The picture, which was by a master hand, might have been called a study in brown, The likeness between father and son was remarkable. It might have been Gilbert Florestan's portrait that 1 was looking at, I studied the pioture so long—fasoinated by that wonderful slapdash power, the kind of painting whioh UuBkin describes as a rapid hand and a full brush—that the faoe seemed to grow into my mind, and the figure almost ok life " took life and motion as I looked at it. My nerves were in a peculiar state after that hour of silence and thonghtfulness in the desolate bouse, or else I oould hardly have been so foolish as I was two minutes afterwards when I turned to leave the dining room, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure on the threshold of the door in the shadow of the half-dosed shutters. I was idiot enough to mistake reality for apparition. In that moment of terror I believed that the figure standing there look ing at me with a quiet Bmile was the ghostly semblanoe of the dead man whose pioture I had contemplated so long. "Pray forgive me for startling you," said Mr. Florestan, offering me hie hand in the eaaieet way, and not allowing me to see that he thonght me an idiot, ae he must have done; " I onght to have given you aome notioe of my arrival. You were so absorbed in my father's picture that yon did not hear his eon's footsteps." " I think it is the fault of that thick Turkey carpet rather than of my abstractions," I told him, " but I really was absorbed in the pio tnre, and envying the painter hie power to get snch a grand effect out of each simple elements. It is utmost as good as Gains borough's bine boy. I had no idea yon were coming to England so soon." " I had no idea myBelf; bnt the distance from Paris to Damtord is snch a bagatelle that I thonght I might bb well ran aoross and have a look at the old home before all the tulips had withered. My mother used to be so fond of her tnlips, though they were never a costly collection. A Dutch oonnoissenr would laughed at onr poor little show." " Have you only just arrived," I asked, feeling that I was redder than the great overblown peonies I had Been in the shrub bery, and wondering what he must think of my extraordinary intrusion. " Within three minutes. The fly is still at the door, and my servant is bringing in my portmanteau." " You mast think it so strange to find me here," I stammered, feeling even worse than Fatima, thongh there were no gory heads lying about. " I only think it delightful to ' be weloomed by the presenoe of a friend," he answered with inexpressible kindness. There was something in his smile and in his tone of voice so full of protecting friend liness, that I began to feel easier in my mind, and was able to explain my appearance in hia dining-room on that particular afternoon, and then I told him that I must go and hnat for the dogs, who might be doing all manner of misobief In bis shrubbery. I had a seoret conviction that Sappho and Ponto had gone peaoeably home to the stables, but the dogs made a decent exouae to get me ont of the house. " I feel sure tbey won't do the slightest harm," he said, "bat if yon are the least little bit nneaey on that saoie we'll go and lookfortbem together, and then perhaps your mother will take pity npon a tired traveller and give me a cap of tea." "I am so dreadfully sorry," 1 said, " mother is in London, and won t be home much before 8," "That's a sad disappointment. I had looked forward to seeing her this afternoon." We went out at the hall door together, and we explored the shrubberies and garden, bat saw no sign of the dogs, fie went home with me, and we lonnd Sappho and Ponto in their kennels, whither they had returned half an hour before. Then from the stable yard we wandered naturally to the garden, where the basket chairs and tables had been set ont in the usual place on the terrace in honour of the lovely afternoon. The footman came out with the tea tray, and arranged it, while we, Mr. Florestan and I, were standing looking at the river. ServantB are so offioious, I had happened to say at luneheon that if the day oontinued fine I thought I would have tea in the garden, and here was the man setting out the onps and sauoers under Mr. Florestan's nose. There was no help for It. I oould not be bo inhospitable as to send him away tealess, with my pet brass kettle singing merrily over the spirit lamp, and my favourite buns frizzling freBh from the oven. 1 made the beet of my awkward position. "Perhaps, as mother isn't here, you'll allow me to give you a cop of tea," I eaid, He accepted eagerly. I almost hoped he'd take it standing, mid go away directly he had emptied the onp. But, although he had been the Bonl of delloaoy and consideration in his own house, he seemed to think he might do as he liked in onre. He seated himself in one of the low baeket chairs, and 1 felt that he meant toetay. 1 dare say he thought it the most natural thing in the world, bnt I oould not help feel ing the strangeness of it, though Cvrii and 1 have bad tea on the teriaoe (ele-dtcle many a time before we were engaged, and Mr. Floree tan is a good deal older than Cyril So I tried not to look confnsed or silly as I poured out the tea. " Plsase let me wait upon you," I eaid, when I saw him atroggliug out of the chair, the seat oi which is only about afoot from the ground. " I know how tired you must hs. Let me wait upon you just as if you were mother." " The offer is too tempting- I own to feel ing tired, I left Paris at 8 o'clock, and that meant leaving my lodgings at 7. And the day was hot and dry and dusty. However, this garden and the river make amendB for all I nave suffered, and this toasted bun is better than the most famous of Bignon'e sdtitis. Why do we waBte our substanoe on Paris dinners when tea and oake in a sunlit ter race are so delioioue." " We oannot always have the terrace and the ennebine." " Oh, hut there is the winter fireside," said he, " Every one has a fireside. I am assured that epicurean dining is a mistake. A man left to bis own devices nsnally dines on a mutton ohop. Gounnapdism is mere swagger and rivalry. A Lord Alvanley invents a duh which shall be coetlier than anybody else's dish. A fricassee composed of that parti onlar morsel oat of a fowl'a book whloh | epiouiee have ocristened the oyster. A hecv-! tomb of ohiobene have to be sacrificed for a single fricassee, and Lord Aivanley goes | down to posterity as the Inventor of the cost liest dish that ever was cooked ainoe Vitel line and his nightingales' tongues. Almost all our dining in Paris is upon the same prin ciple. We vie with eaoh other in wasteful - nets, and restaurateurs grow rioh." 1 It was a pleasure to near him rattle on as he took|hie tea, devouring bans and jam sand wiohes, and seeming really to enjoy the meaL I was very eoon as muoh at home with him ae if he had been Cyril. I told him about the houee in Groavenor squore, and had a long diaonstion npon colour ing and high art in furniture. £ find that he inolines to the Italian sohool, and thinks that Orientalism if a mistake in London. "Your Persian lattices and Moorish divans imply perpetual sunshine and a lazy and semi-tropical climate,"he said. "Theyare mere foolishness in snch a oountry as England. And so you are going to desert Biver Lawn in all its summer beauty for the etarched etateliness of Groevenor-sqnare. I told him that the ohange was not my choice or my mother'e, but that it was my stepfather who was shifting the scene of oar lives. And then I wftB drawn on to tell him of my stepfather's dislike of .the house which had been my father's home. " I suppose it is a natural feeling on his part," I said; "he loves my mother so in tensely that he cannot bear to aee her in the home whioh her first husband made for her." " Yes, no doubt, suoh a jealousy is natural to some temperaments. Your stepfather ie a peculiar man, a man of deep feeling, I fanoy." " Yes, that ie quite true. He was devoted to my mother for years—all the years of her widowhood—before he took oourage to ask her to be his wife. He is the most unselfish of men. He hardly made any use of his for tune until his marriage; but sinoe he has been mother's husband he has spent his money like a prince." " And you are to he bis son's wife," he said; that will strengthen the bond between your rttlino Btiil him " mother and him,1 Hia voice and his manner changed ouricuely as he said this. Ho one oould have been gayer than he was five minutes before, when he was expatiating upon the merits of jam sandwiches. No one oould be graver than he was now, I did not answer him. What oould I say ? Myengagement is an aooepted faot. We were both silent till I felt somebody-, would have to Bay something, bo I said rather stupidly, "Cyril and 1 have known eaoh other sinoe we were children, We are almost like brother and sister." " Almost—with the difference of a wedding ring," he ansuered, aa he rose to Bay good by. When he was gone I fonnd he had Btayed only twenty minntes, and I had two hours tc dispose of before 8 o'clook. He came to see mother this afternoon, and they walked together on the terrace in earnest conversation for more than an hour. Uncle Ambrose was over at the oottage, buried among bis books. 1 was in the draw ing-room, ana I couldn't help feeling a little curious about what mother and Mr. Floreet&u; oould find to talk about aU that time. I tried to practise, but I found imyself repeatedly running to the open window to look at them. He took leave at last without coming into the house to see me, whioh I thought was a little ungrateful on his part after my having given him hie tea yesterday afternoon. " What seorets have yon and your neigh bour been talking, Mamie ?" I said, when mother oame slowly in at the drawing-room window, looking grave mid thoughtful. "Don't aek to know too muob, my pet. We have been talking of a page in the book of the past. Nothing that touohes my Daisy." " Yon have been talking of my father!" 1 said. She did not deny it. 1 asked no mote question*, knowing how easily she is saddened by any thonght of |the past. Yet I could not help wondering and wondering and wondering all day long what connection there could be between Mr. Flo restan and my dear father's fate. May 30,—It is a fortnight sinoe I wrote the last line in my diary; and we have all migrated to Grosvenor-sqnare. The house is lovely; every detail that can minister to the comfort and convenience of its inhabitants has been studied and thought out. My rooms are delicious, oolouring, form, everything in exoellent taste, ontlook sunny, flowers in all the windows, brightness and prettineBB everywhere, and yet 1 find myself regretting .River Lawn every hour of my life, and 1 have a shrewd suspicion that mother feels very much sb 1 do. Already she has been talking about August, when we shall go back to hamford. The Drawing-Room is for to-morrow, and my Court gown has come home from Madame Martinet's, a train of thick dull white ailk, whichfalls inmassivestatueBqnefolds; awhite satin petticoat covered with crystal beads, all one sparkle, dazzlingirideBoent. The costums is a marvel of brilliant simplicity. Mother has given me the pearl neoklaoe shs wore at her presentation three and twenty years ago, and Uncle Ambrose has given me aset of diamond store which are to fasten the ostrich plumes in my hair and on my shoulders. Cyril bronght his offering this morning — a sapphire half-hoop ring—the seoond he hae given me. The firet was given me in Venioe, where he bought it at one of the jewellers in the dear little Meroeria—a double half- hoop of diamonds and rubies. June 1.—The awful ceremony is over, with out any hitoh, and I hope without any gauoherie npon my part. I have seen the face of Majesty, for mother and I were early at the Palace, and the Queen had not retired when our torn came. My gown has been admired, and is laid by in lavender, and I am now formally Introduced to society, and have all the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of a young person who is " ont." Cyril is not to be allowed the splendours and laxuriea of Grosvenor-square until after out marriage. His father thinks that as a bachelor he ie better off in the Albany, where he has a delightful set of rooms, and where he may keep dogs, entertain his Oxford friends, and smoke as much as he likes. If I were a young man with such advan tages I should never want to marry. My cousins have expressed themselves very decidedly about my future life in Grosvenor square. They cannot believe it possible that any young conple could be happy under the same roof as their father and mother. "I shonld prefer the shabbiest little flat in the Edgware-road to your splendid apart ments,''' said Dora. "The plan may answer very well in France. There is a kind of childishness about the French which makes them look np to their parents in a positively ridionlons. way; but it will nover do in an English honsehold. Mark my words, Daisy, it will never do." I told her that almost the chief considers tion in my engagement to Cyril wee the Idea that I should not be parted from my mother when I became hie vile. " If that consideration influences yon, my dear, depend upon It yon don't care two straws for the man," she answered in her horrid way. I see a good deal of my eonslna now I am living In town. They find Grosvenor- sqnaro nearer the Park than Harley.street, and often dro^ in to lnncheon after their morning They walk in the Bow in the morning, and ride before dinner daily, as iffife were apart of their religion. " And yet," my annt says, "I have not had - one eligible offer for either of them." •' I think there is something really oathetio in that yet." 