traveller. All Kinds of Ghosts. Monatern and Guardian? .Invonted by Various Boocb of Hon. I hava boon ia almost ovory oountry in tho world, nnd overywhero I have found peoplo who havo aeon and beliovo in ghosts. In weotorn countrioa ghosts aro ponerally harm lens, but in Asia and Afrioa they mo of a malignant and vioiouB typo. Tho dread of ghoHtu is common to all aboriginal raocs of India and China, and tho only means em plojod to opposo their rancor and mischiev ous dispositions ia to build ohimen for them and to rnhko them offorinns. Any aovoro illueBB, any epidemic disoaso, as small-pox ' cholera, etc, ia attributed to the malignancy of oortain of thueo spirits, who must bo pro pitiated accordingly. In India tho man tiger iB, pc-rhapo, tbo moat dreaded of all these domon ghosts, for whon a tiger nan killed n man tho tiger is considered sofa from harm, as tho spirit of tho man rides upon hio head and guides him olour ol dangor. Ao oordingly it is bolievod that tho only sure modo ot destroying a tiger who haB killed many people ia to begin by making offerings to tho spirits of his vlotim, thereby depriving him of thoir valuablo aeivioes. In Chins tho ghosts most propitiated are of those who have met a violent and untimely death, whether by design or by aooidont. Even women who die in ohild-bod or wrotahea who arc hanged tor their crimes ara believed to. havo tbe oamo power ol oausiui! evil to tho living ao those who have boon killed by any other violont causes, inoluding poison, disease, lightning, ota. All theso defiled spirits are ofton distinguished by somo term denoting the marinor of their death. Thua tho ' tiger ghost' isthoghoat ot a man killed by a tlgor ; tho ' snake ghost ' the ghost of a person who was killed by a snake. In Afrioa tho ' waddy' and 'lightning' ghoBta are the most common, but tho most dreaded spirit is tho Siroooo ghont, whioh io reputed by tbo natives an implaoablo spirit. Most ol tho doooasod persons whoso spirita are now worohipped were the nncestoza ol somo ol tho ahnrininnit Tho oeromonioa observed in propitiating tho ghosts oonsist mainly ol tho offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, ob well as of flowers and fruits, of the reoitation and singing of certain prayora and charms boforo the different Bhrinos. These ohormB or prayera ore ad dressed to the defiled ghosts of tho dead for tho purposo of oompelling tho spirits to detest from doing barm or to appear and receive the orders of tho performers. After two or threo snoooBBivo porformonooB the ghost is under stood to bo plaoated. An Undergroiwul Canal. ' The strangest canal in tho word ia ono I never saw mentioned in any book or newa paper,' said ? an English olorgyman to a reporter. ' It is a oanal sixteen miles long, between Worsloy and St. Helen?, in tho north of England, and is underground from end. to end. Id Lancashire tho ooal mines are very oxtonsivo, hdlf the oountry being undermined, and many years ago the Duke of Bridge' water's managers thought they oould save money by transporting tho ooal underground instead of on tho aurfaao. So the canal was constructed, tha mines oonneated and drained at the samo time. Ordinary oanal boats are. used, but the power is furnished by men. On the roof of tho tunnel arch are orosspieoea, and tbe men who do the work of propuluion lie on their baaks on tho coal ond push with their feot against tho orosa-bars on the roof. Six or eight men will draw a train of four or five boats, and as there are two divisions in the tunnel boats pass eaoh other without difficulty.' 