LOCAL NEWS. The wet weather has found out the weak places in tbe roads of tbe district, and perhaps nowhere is this more evi dent than on tbe 14 miles of road recently opened between Bronweena, tbe terminus of the Mungar line aud the Gayndah road. It is a perfect quagmire from one end to the other, and almost impassable. In places where vehicles can turn off the cleared track they do, but most of tbe way there fs no option but to keep along in the spewy muck. Something wilt have to be done shortly, or the trafflo will come to a standstill. Another thing de manding alteration is the time taken by tbe Gayndab coach, which, of course, is fixed by tbe contract. The actual time on the road ie now eight hours anu one hour far luncheon. This is altogether too fast, making the trip not only rough on tbe horses hut disagreeable to paeseugerfl, and might well be lengthened without tbe least inconvenience to tbe postal auth-juLien or tbe public. There are many delays quite unnecessary which could be occupied in travelling. For iuH av.cts tbe train arrives at 9 o'clock, hut the coach canunt leave till 10 o'clock. and thus an hour is wasted. So far, notwitliHtaudiog the difficulties be has had to contend with, tbe present cou Uautor, Mr. Willoughby Elliott, has lietn di.ing the work most satisfactorily. Wk mny mention that the mails sent from Maryborough toEidsvold ma Gay n- dab ou Mondiiy have been returned to Maryborough, uud will be forwarded to I heir deelluulion via Muuut Perry, The usual fortnightly meeting of the Hospital Committee was held yesterday afternoon. Piewul — Mfssra. B. M. Hyiie, A. H. Wilsou, J. Macalister, T. 8. W»rrj, ti. F. Usnley, aud T. B. Bmyth. Tun minutes of the previous meeting Wfio lead and confirmed. (Jorrespon deuce included the following lullorx ; — From C.-Jiu Binktn. fora-uniiHg £3 3s. collected from the QueeuHluud Colliery C.iuipaiiy ; acknowledged with ihuoks. Krom tlin district meeting of Oddfellows, encjiiuing £3 3a.: acknowledged with iliuiikr, Fjoin SfesHrs. Muculisler and Bmotti-H, enclosing cheque for £4 lfis. lid. aud details of tbe expenses and re ueiplH in connection with Ibe Juvenile ChriHly Minstrel HQtei'Ujniueut, aud hopiiiK t' 'i« utile to nivt) a larger aruouul on it luture oocunion. Aou^pled wlih thank'. Friiu Ujh Oonudiwiudi lios jiiiul, thinking the Maryborough Hoa pilal for cupy of the mien. From the J'leanury, ciicIohIur the HUhnidy for the r|-iarfer nl L7(M -K 2iJ , aurl HtHUtix (hat no Kllli.-'Hy could he. allow:d mi Ihe li-gnuv »t iilOIH) The m»tnr of oriiuinen tal concndi' Hli?pH for the H'wpllal front fiilraucH wan then brought up. lCsti ujutes uf Ihe probable cost were subuiit tiid. After discuuHioii it was considered that thr.Lvh the sle[)H would bit an Im provement to the appearance of the Hot liitu), the atate of the funds, being already in a debit of over £200, did not warrant the ex pen He. The Htuiury Committed held a loug meeti ni; IuhI night, at which the report ot the liiBucctor of NnlBanceH on lii« tour of iiiKtifoAUm to Hyinsy, NeivcastJe and elsewhere wan pubinitted. and will he laid h'foie the Municipal Council w|th othor mailers »n Tumduy nejit. 'A r,oou nmne Is better than precious oint ment.' Waive Kchonpps po««6«k(« a gout uuiuc wou uy merit. Our Buudaberg correspondent wired yesterday an follow? :— The dead body of John M'lntnsb was discovered iu the secretary's room nt tbe racecouise today He had been «UK-igrd hb caretaker of the course A oelector limned jHiues Smith, who lenaed the course fur cattle grazing, made the discovery. M'IuIohIi camu from Scotluud nix years ago, and recently «'»a employed ou the Bin^ra plantation. He was tht- writer of ' Blugera Jottings' in the Mail, and a coDtritiutor «f arttoies on colonial aUairs, of which be was a sterling observer. He was aged about 60. Dr. May Hindu a pout mortem, and found all the vital or^aus diseased. He was buried to-day, and an inquiry will be made in a few days. A BLACK GIN named Maggie, the wife of a well-known trooper, Johnny Wer ramy, was bitten in two places by a black snake near the Beaver Rock down the river yesterday morning. Her hus band, who was with her immediately, tied a bandage above the bites, which he scarified, and the gin then walked to town, but died while being taken down Kent-street to the doctor. Mr. A. Erb is now in town deliver ing tbe last numbers uf the Picturesque AtlaB of Australasia. They are equal to the former numbers in every way, and complete one of the most elaborate and exhaustive works on tbe colonies ever published. Tbe last number contains several excellent tnapB, brought up to date. The late rainB had tbe efiect of doing considerable damage to a crossing on the Gayndah road, at a creek near Mount tibamrocK. Tbe trafflo was entirely blocked, and being iu tbe Burrurn Divi sion tbe Chairman gave instructions to have the repairs effected at ouce. So far there are no sigus of any can didates being nominated for tht- tbree vacant positions ou the Municipal Coun cil other than tbe three retiring alder men, who are certain to submit them selves far re-election. The weather seems at last to have lakeu a change for the better. Yester day, although the strung S.E. wiud con tinued the sky cleared, but last night tbe conditions were uncertain, and seve ral small shem'era fell. The attention of employers of Pacific Islanders is drawn to Clause 45 of the 'Pacific Island Laborers Act of 1880,' relating to the return passage money of Pacific Islanders, which shall not be de manded or received from them. A meeting of cricketers and others interested in getting up a cricket match oh the Show grounds on tbe date of the summer show, will be held to consider Ihe matter in the Town Hall on Friday night at 8 p.m. Nominations for tbe vacancies on tbe tirauvilie Divisional Board close with tbe Returning Officer at 4 p.m. to-day. Tbe Isis Board nominations also close to day, at Howard. There was no business at tbe Police Court yesterday. Apropos of the projected exhibition of Waterloo relics at Drcry Lane, a corre spondent writes to tbe Qlobe :— One incident may interest your readers before they see the watch of a hero who fell that day, June 18. He was shot through tbe body, a bullet entering his chest and out at the back. To say tbe least it ib not a wound one would Jibe, aod the doctors of those days bad some rules to go by. We bear now of marvellous wounds, operations, and cures, and tbe victim recovers ; but at Waterloo you were shot throueh the body ; therefore you were, in tbe eyes of the medico, a dead man, and our ' hero ' was told so. He still retained consciousness, and replied, ' Take this watch to my brother and — tell— him — ' more was not said, he fell back ineenpibie. Tbe calls and shrieks of the wounded, the flying shots from Wel lington's pursuing army generally con fused tbe surgeon, and after tbe search for the dead was made be forgot where be had left the man wbo was shot through tbe body ; therefore, the watch remained in his possession. After the war, he was ordered to join a regiment ia Canada, with no opportunity of finding the dead man's brother, ss be thought, and the watch went with him toCanada. Three years later our hero, having re covered in some wonderful way (perhaps because he was left alone), wsb at a dinner party at Bath, and heard, amid a dead silence of interest, tbe story of his death related, and his own valued property exhibited to the assembled company. It came round at last to him, and to tbe surprise of tbe surgeon and everybody present, be said, 'Oh, then you are the mau who stole tbe watch !' Had a ghost from Waterloo appeared they eould not have been more startled. However, a shake of the hand, with ' All right, my boy,' made tbe poor surgeon quite happy though he felt tbe ' hero ' ought to have died on tbe field. Tbe watch, of peculiar make, was banded down with its story to tbe hero's godson, and may be sent to our enterprising Augustus's collection of Waterloo relics. Arthur William, second Earl Oairns, whose death was recently cabled, was born in 1861, and succeeded bis father, the first Earl, iu 1885. He was educated at Wellington aud Trinity Col lege, Cambridge, and was subsequently private secretary to the Duke ot Rich mond, who in 18S5 was preeideut or tbe Board of Trade. Iu 1887 the late Earl was married to Olivia, daughter uf Alex ander A. Bahreus (a London bauker), said to have been a woman of excep tional beauty aud great charm of man ner. The late earl'a name will be chiefly rumemoered ou account of bis eugugement, hs Viscount Qarranyle (familiarised hy London Punch as ' Lord Gumboil'), with the cele brated actress, Miss Fortesoue. Though nothing could be said against Miss Knrteccue's parents, wbo were eminently respectable ; nr hi r education, which waa that of a fairly well educated l»dy belnneing to the middle Wusien, Uuuntem (Jtinis strougly opposed Ihe aiirmge and in--ifted upon its being brnkeu ofl'. Miss Forteucue, it will be remembered, instituted profetd. IrgH Hgaiuol Lord G*riuoylu for trench of proi»itte of marriage, bul sul-aeii-it-»tly the cane was settled privately by L.oid Garmoyle payitie «nd Miss P^rtvrcue accepting u iiuni of £10,00(1. Mi'8 li'irtHs cue, v.ho ik about 28 yearn of age, Is Mt ill on IIih Htti-K ? tt'd remaiiiH niiinurrie'l. B»lw-!fiii twn mid threH ywirn ago Lord Cairnx paid n flying visit to Australia, whence he undertook u nip i,j Jfew Guinea. 