1iovclht. THE HAUNTED HUSBUND; oil, Lady Chietwynd'r Spctrc. ii--- -(------- BY 3lrru. II~AnRIET LRwIS. CHATTERI XXIX. IISTRESS AND 3rAID. Young Lady Chetwyll did not lose her presence of mind as Flack. ?<,ringing from, the cab, barred her further !ogre:ss down the street. With a great oath. aid with outstretched hands, he sprang frwcalid to intercept her. But with the quickness of a flash, lBernice whie-led and tan in the direc tie: she hal comne, pss'ing toe In:lging. house from which she had jslt esclaped. Sibe had barely passtd, when Mrs. cnrwl :.] 1ohe landlady, in a panic, came out r,f -th"e l::s and swiftly descended the ldips in sea-rch eo her. Flack and the two wovmen bounded in pursuit of the young fugitive. The hoiur was yet early, but the sky was fait darken ing, and a tine mist was Ih":iui' t,, fall. I A gas. lamp or two Ilickrscd throu.-h . ? wdt. -'here were few people in the street. Bernice. hail a irrief start of her pursuers and flew - n hIe a imadl creature. She turned the nearest. corner intinctirciy, ran a block, and tnurlei a sco:td coelllr before her .ursuers appeared around the first. There had been a momentary delay in the pursuit. The landlady had gone back tor ler open hence. Mrs. Crowl, remrnsmbering suddenly that she hail not on hcr one:rc, signalled to the cab Flack had summoned, waited for it to come mp. anci contiial, i:er pursuit in that. Flack had been detained for an instant biy Mfa. Croswl, who had frantically berged hIril toC summon the cabfor her, andl the d.lavs-brief ts it vwas-was most plro:idential for Ber nice. Flack, with a amut ered curse upon his con federate for detaining hin. dashbed on. t rning the c;,ner ne s JBernice had il.,n I; lit then lie Ipanst, looking up and idown the street, uncertain which any to go. Tinus occurred another tietriidrtimlil delay, con fributing further to the escape of the young I fugitive. "I can't lostelite ine lt' wa," nmuttered the man. '" Sit-Sa g ne, doswn the i btreet. I He ran in the diirre!icn t !iu; inde:.tled. The cal., in which was Mrs. Cr:.wl, frllowe! his guidance, anl passed hint in the pursuit. Flack had not gone more than r. black-not further tlhan the fir:t corner--when he Ie. came convinircl that he ha:ld taike tiue wrong course. With an audible oatll, he. turned anil hastened in the olpl,osite direc tion. All this delay had been fatal to him. Blernice had sped on swiftly, turning corner after corner, without. aiml in her course beyond the Ihope anrtdesign of pincing as great a distanic as possible between herself and her p:lrscers. Anrid she saw nothing whatever of the n. Once or twice, hearing steps cr the roll of a cab behind her, shece:ourccd in a doorway rnul waited until they balt pasIsel, but tihe etep; were not those of Flack, andr the cab was not that in which Itrs. Crowl was sented. Gradually, as the distance she had travcrse.l became greater, and her lIart throbbed fiercely, ane she became I weary and footsore, she slackened her speed I to a walk, yet she dared not sit down to rest lest her enemies should overtake her. Itseemed to her that she lad walked many miles when at last she came rout upon a wide, well-lighled street, where rona ibuses were running ann cabs rattled swiftly up anl down \-- street lined with fine shops, and with plenty of promenaders, despite the fine mist that was falline. This ewas Oxford-street. ]Brnice mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a feeling of safety and security replaced her late terror. 1er sacqutir was orn her arm. She drew it on rver her shoulders, adjusted her hat, and walked on very slowly. She had three perce in her pocket, and wore her watch andl chain, whlicb ould serve in emergency as money. But where was she to spend the night ? She sat down upon the doorstep of a dark ened house in a quiet street, so near to Ox ford-street that she could hear the rattle of the omnibuhses over the pavements. The bells of the church some where near rang out thie hrur of eight. People passed her, but no one noticed her or spoke to her. " Perhaps I might stay here all night 7" \ Bernice thought, anxiously. She crept closer in the shadow of the tall iron railing protecting the sides of the tall fliglhtof steps. She Ihad scarcely ensconced herself to her satisfaction; when a man came hurrying along the street and ascended the very steps on which she wascrouching. Ile drew a latch-key from his pocket, and while vainly endeavoring to fit it in the lock in the darkness, his gaze fell upon Bernice. "there, you tramp," he said, roughly. " Ie eof with you, or I'll call a policeman. My steps are nota lounging-place for trumps like you." Without a word Bernice arose and stig gered on. She had no word of pleading nothing to say for t:etself-but move on like a shadow through the darkness and the mist. Alittle later she came out into a square, dingy and gloomy enough at best, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas-lights i and rows of frowning buildings on every side. This was Soho Sqau:re. Bernice crossed tile square and passedr into a na?row street be She could hear the rattle of Oxford-street omnilmses and cabs on Oxford-street pave merit, but little more than a block away; buhat this narro-, stloct uponu which shle had catered out of Sole Sq?!care was -ery quiet. lThe houses were mostly darkenced. From one house alone, the lower floor of which was apparently occuplied as a ishop, streamed out a broad glare of libhi, which was strangely alluring. Over the dlor Was Eua tlllned a sign, with the legeud painted uport it in gilt: I'era:te> Bosa.riacAr, learick Conrcdiorcr. l~:rlice p?osed before the cranf climncr'a windhw and looked il. It was a hligllr, clear rooal, with a counter apao each side. Uipon ore countar wan every variety of French breal-I. Upon tlie other counler welesimplacuikes in variety, ac:lr cups and cancets, showina g hat the little Frenchi lhop was a resort for people out of txflHa d strlct who dlsircd a cup of realent renct "lIo: tplreaant it is in there!" thought. Bernice, ltootirg vainly for the shopman or other tccupant af the establishment. "I'd lita eacup of coffe. It is a French shop; the name is I'i: I:orrte l?anta-u. Was n?~ o fiules name linsar;o:ttau l I thinkso. Her fathaer was ta pastrycmak, living in Soho Square, or j:st o:t of it. \as that Sohlo S-1a'are Ic yon -r 7 'crhaps this is 1illne's father' snhrap. tlrhe cot::ia:lled to Icrlt: into the room with loin-in:g ewts. A wo:aran: with a baskhet on the-r arm, caa:le herr in pr : t i rrl - : , an! :na:sshina open tlhe dtor, eatrrc-- l ti sip. liThere "as a bell .at.tnacarl tLr the duur,nlca1 it rangs ,ua shrarldy. A woma:,n came o?at a the a itt: back parilr behiani tish shi.p, :al proceedad to cwai:t upon the late eas!atran . tP l hop c wlerera,1o 'ras FVrnc:ll, as was ap-. parelr tatta: gance., Sh e ores a trim ly littlllg black gown, a jot.rr y little white apron, hriacned with cherry rarbans, andl a coquet tish little white car, .ith a cherry riLbbon in that also. Tlledacisal; s:lol r face: ndleltneath tihe cap. with bright, i.lack eyes andl a viva cious txlrs ess'nn, struck iternice as beiug strr.rgel- familiar. it was-yes, t was tl'ifiue, her former rail. lerrniice walchel, tile Frrcrllevoman with a wistrful :aze. tl'ire c.!lr-somer caane out ireenl Iy wi thae we .li file:sl;ra et, and Iitine abeTnl tot corver the r,:i :lat carlecs with a thian ;:az, pIrcpa:ari- ry to clsaing the shop for tti: I:iglt. "She is g.i-g tao sirl up," mslrmarred ltr nic:'. "'Alld thin I s!all Le doubly alone. iine c loved e-il. S::e wsas gosaidlea'ited. I am vcery tirtd, I woncr if she would give -. i shelt"r torlight, :nlrd not betray me to anyone. I ;?:i.h 1 d:,ratl go in." Ar Iil;y patley ot younlg Iecn came out of Osfotl:ste t, altproalching hlr. As they drew :ea:r thIy tsaried lher, and one of them wi:h a realllkl lauIgb, acdcavored to peer into tilc girl's face. " I- 's .ee ? tur face, my beauty," he hice tconu.,e . '* 1-:at --laiy IHcre, hboys, is satleti hiirg new. A girl aetalily slay, al tlhrlcl sare's in LTnt:orl streets alolne at this ioaur. lrte I sh-es a?ltinc. l'il have It e I:.?S. r we'll go ,oine with yeou, may der, or both. Now f-reit !" lie put rutot I i rrm to clasp her waist. ail h a srtilk -erain aernteice sprang assay from hir anr d ::ta into thie laItr coak's hi:rp, thie I:rll on the door ringing llti:!e lirnad tow-aris tl;e neyw rolr andI pl:tnct! a:e rlm:t of the dcor. She comprchenltkd! t._- tca::se of the abrupt ill gross. . Sit d,,wn, 3h:?uc 'sti," he saidt, in hersoft FlelianCi a:cetnt. "'-the lmen will coon be t,,1:,. Yol arec safe here.:' iBernie's Iair r v ilel her face. Sthre ront it Ibazc with aar-ar-aa ga..i yslar, s trarptlhed back hersahablbr, lim:u!r Ittle hat, ancl stood rc ,ecnl:rd, parl, despairing, yet wosaarously bhrantiful. SFiilie:l," st he satl, softly, " you thin l eIn d:1icd. i ard etha!rg.cd, 1 hkitn; hutt don't ye?i trow lr;:e ?" Tile :ice was rer::,cnised so:ner Ithan the lore:y tf:ce. F.iin: stag rett idback a:ith a greact .-si, ar tIer, believing tiat clshe laca-el gC an. Sa tctr', atve a i i:cing crar: a.:tl feIll to It?e floar iat a 550.on. 'i'h l:elsy ea" I ln:wes sous. n:rln sltrose instles lrt a?t drivtn rnie: to a :- k rn fline ia tire F'rlnrllcl c:riel:l -it cr'; sh!:p, lpas le I an shean tha:y ae tetir in.t:,ild victrim enlcer the. r-lap dalra, _ac o-ne in the lnouse was nmoursal hy hnm scre.ts of l-i-ne. Bernice de:uted lrherrlf with all ha:te t to the re cuoery of tile Frl IoLb lian. ler cfrtils" were src't rewarded by the .gcrloal return of Fifine to consciousn"ss. Thie i recllchwoman gave a great gasp similar to thati she rhad given' whent faining antl opened her eyes, only to clse thecn again tightly, and to relat:t hrerscrcam with added vigor an:l ierceness. Lady Chetwynal stooped Over the reCUm bent figure, andi said, in a lone of gaclle authoi:rity : " llsih, Fifine you will have the police lhere in a Illroment mortc . Comptosre yourstlt. Carn you notr comprltehernd that I am Ldly ],'ifine gathrered p her sprawling figure into the shaipe of a ball, and rocked herself to and ':t frantically. crying out shrilly in the French lan:guge: "' Oh, heaven I it'sa ghost It'sa warning I I nS noet long for this worli I I'm to he cut .!If in my youtthful prime. Oil, the good Lerd hnvc pity I My good father Mly poor motter !" She shrank away into the farther corner. Ladss Gaetwyanl followed ]ler, exptrestl latli g, entreating, lensonirg. As thIe F'renchrotanl grew somewhat calmer, iterniee Ilid hler white, cool ihand upon thie hand of her former mci-, saying: Ge Gacp n hand, rFitrec. Ther- you see I am flesh and bleed. Don't tremble and moean so. It is 1, indeed, Fitie. I did not die, as you tllreghl-." SFifune's faith that her visitor was a ghost was slotaggred. 'iThe Frenchamnrank's native sellfe began to assert itself. ler mecmory, too, was quickrlelle, atlI she recollected various incidents that Ihad transpired during the tiast few days thiat went far to proclarm thelfacit that Lady Clhctwyand ad escaped the grave anl was still living. c There, you see it is I, and not a ghost," said Lady hctwrynd, as Fifine's limlp boay begaan to stiffen, and l;ifine's eyes began to assume their normal Iprolortions. "IIaven't you a Iind word for me, Filine ? I am in ore necd ola friendl. I had no irtention of seeking ytou. I came upon yon by chance. Wilt yen rire me a raieht'a ltelter, and will yoa, Icep my secret, ilincl I ?nntno one, noa enes Lord Chetwynd, to snow that c Whsat, does not my lord know ?" cried Fifine, amazed. c'No. P'romise me that you will keep my secret, that you will tell no one that Lady Cbetwynd lives. Swear it, Fifioe." \- ,I promise-I swear it," said Fifite, in. an nvwe-struck voice. " But, my lady, I cannot understand how it is that you live and that my lord does not know it." - "1I will expain. Iereember that yeou are bound by -an oath to keep your secriat, iat Erst, are we alone 1" and Ladyl Cht wynd glanced toward the door of the rear parlor. - Scyes, my lady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to the French theatre to-might, and I am alone in charge. I am a aIndy's maid now as before, my lady, but my mistress is at ithea opera this evening, and C am privileged to remain here until .eleven o'clock. You can speak freely, my lady-no one will hear There was a timorous look etill on the gill's face, which Lady Chetwynd marked. "I see, Fifine," she said, "that even now you are not altigether persealed that I am no spectre. Dues it seemn eo improbable that l should have been cofiincd and consigned to the burial vault while 1 was in a state of tra: c 7 It is strange and improbable, I know, but it is true, and nine is not the only case of burial diring a trance re sembling death. IBut one person alone sis p-cted that anuimation was only sllpendmed, not annihilated, within me, and that was Mr. Moltn." '" My faith I And Mr. Monk rescued you, my lady '" In response to this, exclamation, lBernice told Fifine her pitiful story, including Lord Chetwynd's intended marriage with Sylvia Moru, atnd Gilbert Monk's avowal of his love to her. She ended by saying : "I have tried to get a situation as -over nEos. 1 have but three pence in imy poclet to-night, and I am shelterless." " Not shelterless while Fifine lires, my lady. I will keep your secret. iNo hypocrite nor mock sympathy from any one can dreg it from mle," exclaimed the Frenchwomaon, volubly. "Ah ! my lady, you were kind to mne, and I do not forget it. I wish I might live with you again, although I have a good mistrrrs now. Yon shall slay here, my room is unused here, and you shall havne it. The good father Ral mother need not sis reet. who you are, ,ny lady. Let them think aou Miss iGwyn, a new lodger, a lady I eued to know. Shall it li, sor?" " If you please, Fifine. You comfort tire." "And you need comfort, rpoor infant " said Fiiine, and again rubbing her cyes in dulstlionsly. " Was ever sulch sorrow, such rowmance, such despair ? Ali I my lady, the f:also hushand shall not find you here. You are sal[e here. It may ibe that I can get you :a sitr:ition as companion, my lady," site said with astart rand suddel Ilish. " And then 1 could serve you atill, though llsecretly. My mistress has sought a companion of ae complishments for a month past. She wants a young laldy who cdin sing and play the pianoforte and read F'renchl-a dressed-up hlly. whom she will treat as a lady; for, with all her prorud ways, mny mistress is a lady to her heart's core. I'll rccommend you to her as Miss CGvyn, my former mistress in reduced circullmstanrcs, and shie has suchn faith in me that she will gladly engage you. I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died--that is, was biried." " Oh, F'line, if you could only get this place for me! I feel so lost, so cast out into 1 tihe great world, so Iopeless and follorn. Who is your is istress ? ' " Lady Dinna Northwick, ?radame. Sihe's a beauty and a belle, and cold as ice. lii speak to Lady Diana this very night, anld to- morrow, my lady, you shall be at your new hoIme. Let me get you a cap of coffee, my !rrly," said the Frenchwoman. " Corse into the little back parlor." Fifine conducted her former mistress into the rear room, where wax candles were iburning, and all air of cosioess prevailed. Bernice sank into an easy- chair which Filine drew to the table, and tihe ,laid bustled about, preparing a i rcap of strong French coffel. Sh!e Ieroughtil,all llackandrsteaming to L'tdy Cl(:twytrl, with a roll. The marchiolncss drlik the fragrant beverage eagc:y. n"IC won ler," sail :iline, thorghtfully,"if ny lrddi esnot rapcttht .lCtlt t ou!] live, my ladly. Tte:e v::s a maru here the otherrlay, my mnrthcr cl?s ls. .a gentlemai, a swell, with an eyegla:rs anil cane, wiho asked for !ire. tie caine: to lady Diana's to see me. And wwhat didl the rmiierable want/ Why, only to ask wi-nt dress yorr ladyship was burli an in, n if it hall a line darl in. the Inela: uner the sleeve I Of course it Iha1. Did I not darn the rent n:risa:lf, anul swas it not wtl don r ? Ilkr breoCrht tle drtstonme, and I ideniilled it. B:'it what did ihe mean 1 There is mystery bhere which has rpuzzled lr much." " I I;nownoo such prsonn s enll deneriba, Filii, and I cannot tliinrk whiro e calln e, but i l?it my dress at tihe Park the last time I was there, a-i secureiy hidden, as I tihoaght. So they have found it? All, ihe muste have been sent to you by old 1tia,?.e I" criedl 1ernice, paling siuddenly. " Ftine, that wor"'nr has twice tried to take my ife. I an afr:,i1 ofi her. She has found the drees anil has eiployed some one to socl: for n:e." "fou imust be light, my lady, for my t:otheir tells me thatl a strange heathen woseman has been lier: twice. asking singular !questions, and warling to lie taken in as lo,'ger. SHlrt was velry anxioles to know if my mother had a lady slodging here, and slhe stayed in the rhop nimany hou watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse, 3iy gother thaught her demented. I eould nor think who she might Iie; bulint she is Mligee I feel ready to swear." "rShe will celre again. She is cruel, re morseless, pililess. She in like a human tigresa thirsting for my bleeed. Fifine, in Ileavein's name, promise me that you will heep omy secret ; that not even to Lord Chet wynd hiimself will you reveal the fact that I live; promiseS" " I swear to keep your secret, my lady, until you yourself give me leave to tell it I" said Fifine, solemnly. "I will not betray you even to iny own parents or to mlly mis tress." "u Then you must cease to call me'my lady,' Fiine. I ann only Miss Gwyn-Miss Bernice Giwyn you can call me. 1shall not have to relinquish my own name of Ber nice." - Filine approac:hed and removed tihe empty cup. Then she took Lidy Chctwynd's iand and kissed it affectionately, mentally regis tering a vow to be true to the promise sithe had given, the salenn cathl she hlad taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was now heard. "It is ily father," said Fifine. "lHe is putting up thie shutters. Thie fatirr and mother hrve returned from thie theatre, and I must go soon tomy mistress.' I will wait to commend your lad)ship to the care of the good mother." The shop door was puslled open, the bell ringing violently. Fifine's parents had re turned. Lady Chetwynd rose up taking oil her limp little hat, and awaited their ap pearance. Filine ran and opened tie door leading into the shop, and called out volubly : "Is it you, my father? Hasten this wray. I have a guest to consign to youir care before I leave. Come 1" CHAPTER XXX. EurNICE AXSIOUSLY SOUGIIT. Young Lady Chetwynd tremrled with a terrible anxiety and dread as tihe French confecctionranI his wife entered the cosy little back parlor bslind their shop, where she awaited them. Sire stood up, pale, yet with a sweet and gentle dignity, a quiet self-possession, and a faint smile on her brave, sweect young face, that thrilled Fifine with a sweet love and respect for her. " Come in, inorn?rer; come in, mla avrer," said Lady Clletwynd's former maid. " I have here a surprise for yeou. I have taken in a lodger for the niglht. It is Miss -MsIs Gwyn, a former mistress of mine. Blis G0 wyn, Monsieur and Madame icngateau, my good father and mother." MI. Bongateano, expressing a look of sur prise, marie a lourishing bow to "' MIiss Gwvyn ;" Madame Bongateau made a little bobbindg courtesy, intended to indicate the deepest respect for the young lady, " I do not remember your name, Mars Gwyn," said the confectioner witll an air of hospitality, " but you are welcome to the shelter of my roof and the best my house affords. Pray, be sealed. Do not stand on our account, I beseech you." Bernice "resumed her seat. Filiue r hastened to remove the or'.or wraps of her mother. Bernice liked both husband and wire at first glance. Their simple courtesy was no a outside veneering, but the expression of kindly nlturesanad a true. inbred politeness. r Thlsy asked no quesliocns. They saw that a their guest was a lady, and Filine's eimple v introduction hale been sufllicient to commend her to their kindest attention. fir.e. made fresh coffee for her parents t and a little supper was eaten, at which I Lady Chetwynd took part. After thesupper, Filile conducted her ladyship to a pretty little bedroom up slairs, overlooking the v street. Thils wastifie's own rooma when at holme. r " My lady," sha said, simply, " you will i honor mie by wearing my ctlhinlg as if it f were your own. Tour lutside garments alp . quite ruined We will attend to those il to-morrow. You are safe here. I will put my parents still further on their gtar.: against your enemies. And now god night." Site took Lady Chetwrynd's thin white hand and kiss-ed it, hut Bernice stooped I and kissed Fifien's check with a grateful s affection that brought tears to the girl's I eyes. Filine sooeen withdrew, and Lady Chet. I wynd undressed, and went to bed and to sleep. It was late in the morning when ste r awakened. Tihe shop-hell was ringing fit. fully below, as coutomers came and went. 1 Ilerniee arose and dressed herself in the gar- t mentaFifinc bad provided for her. HIer toilet s was scarcely made when a low kh:locl on the r door announced Madame Boalgeteau, who i came in with a tray on which was corffee, hiot rolls, and little pats of new, yellow butter, unsallted, Mata:mne greeted her garst with kindly in. t terest, aid inquired with solicitude uhow shle had passed the night, andl how she found her-. self this morning. Bernice having relliedl satisfactorily to thes inq'tiries, madame I said : "It is much more cheerful down stairs t than here, Mademoiselle. Wihen you have I eaten your breakfast, come down inll our little back parlor and read the morning t ipapers by the lire. Tile morning is wet and v chilly, and Pierre woulld intsist luot the t xtrava:gance of a fire. I own the l':ect a is delicious. You will come, MaJe- r moisellcl' A Bernice assented, and her hostess with-. dicw. The' ytoung fugitive ate her I breakl'fast, and sonll after descendcd to the little parlor, which was indeed bright u and cosy. A low ilte was burning in the grate. She read the newslpapers, luokin:g over the I columns of "CWants' with great care. 1 Maadanie Bongatcau was called freqrlently i into the shop, and Bernice was fur the most o of the timealone. Thoe cauhl hear tle rattle ofi spoons in the cups as custonimrs sipped v their coffee; she cotul hear distitnctly neatly 1 every word that was spvl:en in the shop, yet f the mlurmur of voices, and the i ager hli:tling, and- the occasional sharp reprimandi s of mtadam.n to nonlsiteur were not urpleas:nit to her. After her recent enforced atd lon'g solttude, these indications of busy life were, in fact, decidedly pleasanst. At nIcot Madame loi'ngatean brought to her guest a dainty luncheon, dtaintily s red u!,:on a stoall tablec, which she wheeled before t Bernice. lsernice had finished her repast, the t.abiL. hail been remnovedt, ant she was: ag:ain alone. with a ntewsrtp'?ar on her Inet, iwhen the shop-bell tigfledi for tile hundreth titne that day, and a man.!l etered the shop1, which at the momen.t was nearly desertedt. istosicr and madamet were there, hiowevrr, at the desk near the platition betsveca the shop l and parlor, antd Bneraics heard tile n-cilner napploaeh the desk with a swift stride, and adv!ress the worthy couple in :l voice tinit startled her, atnd tilllcd her very soul with alarm. "i Good- iimorn:ig, .s-.Mnsileur, Msaltame," said lonoki, ptliteli', yet with Ipccl:ib!!e itm paticrse. I' Altr yu tIhe plarenis of one CFtiline i t'ni:cau,who fosimerly li heel at ChetSwyld Park, S?ssex " Ma:damite Bongateau courteoulsly replied in thett alrirat ive. " Is Flline at houe I" demanded Monk, with a pquick, sharpl glance toward the inner roi1n. i o" l a onsicur,"nail mladamse, it: a ftne of surprise. ti Parldon, llonsie:lr, list swlhat interest has rilonsicur in our Fil:n tt' in';-ired Monsieur l;uigateau, giving his long imoustaclhe a Riercer upliward twirl. " I a Lord Cihetw-nd's slep-ltroiier," said Monk. "I am in search of a young alsdy who has fled from her hlole ndi friends. I think, as sile had no mosney, she might come I to Fifine, who formerly served her. Is she here 1" " 'Who is i' you seek, Monsieur ?" inquired Madame ionsrateau, cautiously. Monk hesitated. Bernice held her breath in an agony of suspense. Monk continued to reflect. With an 1 na?sumption of frankness, he said, at last : "Tile young lady is known as 31issGwy n. She may have taken another name, or pre tenuded to be some noble lady, possibly. She i has been ill, and her brain is not yet quite 1 right. 't ;s necessary that I find her im-. mediately, and restore her to her home. Is sihe in this hiese ?" "We do not take lodgers, Monsietnr," said Madame Bsongateau, somewhat loftily. " We regret tlht th we are Inot able to assist yon in your search for Miss iGwen, but you will be obliged to look for her else whlere." " Is she not in this house, Miadame ?" de. manlled Moak, sharply. " Ill, Monsieiur ! Is it thies you speak to matdame, my wifT?" criled thIe liltle conlec tiloner, with his fiercest air. ") Do yon come here to subject is to the erosos question-tie iriquisilion ? Is not this a couintry lwhere even the Frenchi exile hais hIis rights? B3e good enoughi to depart, iionistieur. I ense!ut permit to nmadame this agitation. Go !" Tile confectioner pointedl to tihe shop door in true theatlical style. IMonk glaredl at the confectioner, who smiled back at him airily. Tihen, with an oath, Gi!bert Monk strode to the ldoor. As hie passed oit a carriage drove iup to the shep and Misis Monk plt hier head oit of the toit dow, calling to her brother.. IHe started, losked annoyed and surprise. but obeyed her summons. IIis dejected, angry air told plainly the story of his die. comfiture. "I came to see Fifine," said Sylvia, re garding her brother hkeenly, "but I thinil I won't get out, after all. Did yout receive the note I sent you in care of Seeotsby & New man, Chancery Lane?" " No, I've not beenaround there to-day," said MIonk, sullenly. " Ileft you in Sossex. What areyou doing in town 1" ' \e ceale ut--loy anud I-to do a little shopping," said Miss M[onk. " We've ordered the wedding cards. Roy is off this morning with Mr. Tempest, and I have been s shopping in Regent-street. I am uneasy, Gilbert. You look strangely. Is-is all safet" she asked in a whlisper too low for the ear of the coaclhman or footmen. " Not particularly so," said Monk, coolly. " The girl's escaped from me." "Escape?l I Great HeIaven I. Escaped l" "Yes. You act as if all. the danger threatened you. You needn't be troubleld. She won't trouble you," said Monk, spealing in Hindostanee, that the servaunts might not understand him. "Come and see meat Park Lane, Gilbert, at Lady IMarchmont's. And give me your address. I may need to communicate with you."-(To S C lontinued.) 