L.E.UU AltU LAIN USA X , TEE STORY OE A BUCCANEER, ANGUS B. llEACn. CHAPTER VIIL—(CoNTiicn’iO -minims, mates, AeU i’urvjs walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. Tho rest of the crew were whisper ing in groups upon the forecastle, amlihc poor old captain was standing: wringing his hands beside tho magic boat. So, pre^Titlv, Ned spoko to two or three of tho men, and they shook hands with him and proini'vd 1■) stand by him. Thou he went down :■» his berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully examined the lorkand chanc'd it: aftcr wards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This he hammered inti-* a round hall, and uiih it, instead of n leaden bullet, he leaded the pistol. So presently, armed in thi< fashion, became on deck, tnc men following hhu by ones and twos, ucd marched right to the door of the great cabin. His un/o met him ai the door. ‘ * Yv'hnt do you \t\\.nt hiuv:"‘ quoth the old man; “takemy advie-j, uni let him alone.** * ,.i; “ No/* says Ned, “ I bought him hen*, and I’ll make yon rid of him C and m siy isg, he put the old man a>:de. and enTvied the (\tbiu. It was almost dark, but the Ugh: fr.mi the binnacle came down through Urn skylight. and showed the strange utsWugs-r sitriag there, as the e:iplr.;n had d->or'.h;;d, with Ms hack to the rudder-ca.v!. ” Nei Purvis marched heavily in. ami tho ph.»n*.*>m, or whatever it was, looked up at him. and so they remained for mme ilr*u a Minute storing into each other*.-* eye.*. The tn-.n were wutching them over each other's i-h'-ulders at the door. “ * Toni we ithe-r Don/ says Xcl at last, as bold as steel, 4 you’re more free* limn wl-I* Tho spectre took no notice. 44 * I hove the* rope u> you,* s-iy> Nod: 1 an l 1 though: [ was d >iug an a : .*f duty by my fellow creature. But now I lo ur the: there's no living blood in your veins, aud that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariner* you fall in with. That may t>2 true, or it may not. If net, say so, and say who you are. If you K* a shipwrecked man you arc welcome here : but if not, men have told me that a silver bullet can wound even a ghost, and if you do not speak in time, by God. theie is a rare chance now of testing the truth of the saying. Axiswer 1* " And Ned cocked the great pistol arid, levelled at the strange passenger, 'lhe figure never moved a inu>cle of its* wan item face. •4 4 Take the dollar and my blessing with it, then,’ shouted Ned, ruid he drew the trigger. 44 The pistol exploded, and fora moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could not sc-e what execution had been done. tVheii the vapour clear* d n little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing * up. his stony ryes giving out their cold sparkle, more* horribly tlmn ever. *’1 Yougavemeyour kenison/ he screeched out, * I give you my rualisou: and the exe cutor*! and the tokens of it will follow vuu • night and day. until either my fate <»r yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, £0 on deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not sj»euk sooth.’ “ These, mates, were the very words of Foul-Weather Don ; for I have got all the conversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Nell and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry: and the first thiug they did was to Mane into the sea, when* tho phantom had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fins of two great blue sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping war steadily with the ship; and just as Ned came on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in lhe water, as much as to say, * there ym are— very good; xind hare %cr are.’ “ To make a long story short, mates, before midnight such a gale was blowing from the eastward that there was nothing for it but to put the ship before the wind ; and not only that day, but that week, and for three weeks after that, did the hurricane, for it was little else, continue, blowing the ship entirely out of her course, until at length the captain andcrew knew that they had sailed fpjiu n-.-ar the coast of Africa to the coast of America, and that if the wind did not soon take off, they would he run plump ashore, either on the continent or one of the inlands. Meanwhile Foul-Weather Don, as before, never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor -poke word. Indeed, if he were talka tive, he* hid no one but himself to hold con verge with: for captain, quarter-mailer, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul- Weather Don was not the only thing which stuck to the ship. The sharks kept way with her as steadily in tho thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could sec them occasionally, ploughing along in the troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places .as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands got low nnd mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare devil a* he was. began to quail. At last, they knew by thiir reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they were approaching the land, and that one wav or the other their fate would soon be settled. So on*.* evening, the men were gathered in group*, watching the signs of the sky, ami poi:.:ing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clouds which (tailors know hangover the land. #J*he weather looked as wild as ever : the soul above flew even faster than the waves below ; and you should have seen the battered look of the croft as she went staggering along, under a rag of canvas, which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of tiie sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed aw.iy long ago. the hatchways were all batteued down. Out of three boats nbo had carried only one was left, being Mrougly lashed to tho dock, wh le tho sea-battered skill of Foul-Wc:itber Don, although there was not bo much as a rope yarn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over aud over tho docks, so that tho men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, and to the mast*, and never could light a fire or wear a etitcl* of dry clothing. •* Well, as I was faying, the poor fellows were holding on as well ns they could, aud wondering where the ship aud they themsel ve* would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the helm ropes, gave a loud 6hout, and the rest turning about, saw Foul-Weather Don standing upon the d< ck. “ He*s going—he’s going,** whhqiered old Capt iin Purvis. 11 The Lord bath preserved ns in IEis great goodness/* “ Weil, Foul-Weather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure inland, and then he mounted the rigging— all the crew holding their breath aud watch ing him—and gazed from the maintop long and sadly. At length, he made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deck, where lio stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, nnd motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the Bca. In a minute, mates, the tackles were manned, and they let the skiff go emask into tho water, with a surge that would have burst another boat into staves. Bat only the devil, mates, could swamp a croft like that; she floated alongside as light as a well-corkcd “’Haul your wind, when the elements will allow you/ says the Don, quite 'Idcnmly. r “ * Thank you for nothing,1 quoth Ned Parvis. 41 should think we would, when you have brought us across the ocean against our will. 4 • But the spectre replied not a word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over the ship's side intq the boat. When he was fairly aboard, .Ned Purvis bellowed out, 1 Take your sharks with you,‘ Foul-Weather Don; they are fitter companions for you than for Christians/ “ But there was no reply, and in a minute the phantom and his boat glanced away from tlie dxip’s side, and the 1 st the crew saw of • her was a black speck with a figure in it, in uuj ^ cry crest oi a urcamng wave. »nist as tliis happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted ‘ Laud!’ aud sure enough tho next time they rose upon a sea they saw right in the glare of tho Betting sun tho dusky coast-line of an island, lu an hour after, the gale bro!:c, lulling fast, so that before midnight tiicy had courses and stay-sails on the ship, she lyiag-to with her head to tho eastward. You know, mates, that iu Lot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that l*v sunrise tho next day there was nothing but a great smooth swell to show that a g.ilc had" ju-t swept across the wide Atlantic. The Hr-t tiling Ned Purvis did when he came tin deck to take the morning watch, was to look over the quarter, and lie confessed, afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside' swimming close to the surface. Til.* other seaman saw the creatures tco, and tiiey looked at XVJ, aud whispered among themselves. “ ''l oil, you inav he sure that, after such a run as the ship iia! had a r,»-s the Atl antic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted vegetable food"and rest : -1 that when, the j usual*., trade wind* came to. blow, and they found . from uis; or, t wo lishing canoes that they p ere amongst . tho ' most northerner the IViadv. <,r.i Islands, tin y cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves. - All this time, j mates, the sharks kept their places as sicadily ns the very inatts Ned ii-hed for them in * vain. He even baited the honk with the choices! pieces of perk and h.vf aboard, hat they would not as much as r.:eh the morsel j with their sn-.-at,. • No, no,' said the men, j when they saw iY- : • the cnoitures have I their orders, un i they ‘.lev them.' Then Xcil tricl tho invivoon, but thouah he had often -penre.i jerpnises, :md dolphins, lie could n it m-.ke a bit at the slnrks ; either the ship liflo l or lurched, or the ravenou- animal- glided asidn. or tho water made the spoor glance; lint, limvev, r it was. Xcd Confessed that !:<\- con'd :i"t. c.on scratch their dingy h.-iek-. '* Upon a,is, there was lUt1,.* bait black lo-iks and ana :r:i,:? words in the ship. Poor old Captain Ikirvi- was ut his wit's end, and the crew, although they u-ed to love poor Nod, now hegnti to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Xcd knew ‘“The curse,* said the men, * is followingus iti a visible shape. There can be n) good lurk for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants Swimming astern.’ “ Weli. Xed tried hard to laugh it oif. hut lie could not succeed, and his arguments were of aa little avail. ‘ Why,’ he would say, ‘they can’t jump aboard, messmates; the ocean is theirs as well ns ours, and if a cat may look at a king, 1 don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.’ “But though lio spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Xed was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted three davs, aud all that time they were cruising about antuug the islands, looking for a place which would bo snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spanish ships. On the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they w-we getting more aud more watchful of their prey. This made the jK»t boil over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain in a body, and said ilint Xed must leave the ship that hoar, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get I plenty of waterand provisions, and lie might soon got his passage off iu another ship, bat whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argue the tiling, but the tnen would not hear liis words, and iu the middle of the liubbnb, Xed comes forward frankly and says— “ ‘ Messmates, I have brought misfortune on the ship, and spoiled the voyage; I am willing to land.’ “On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished j to follow his nephew, hut they would not let [ him because ha was the only good navigator they would have, after Xcd went away, in the ship. So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, aud water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with a musket aud ammunition, and a shovel, that Xed _ might have the means of dig ging for water. When the boat shovel olf, the sharks followed, on which Xed, pointing to them, shouted to liis mieie to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little cove, and X’ed stepped on shore with liis gun in his land. The men placed his previsions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with him: and as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him u cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they were gone, Xed began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be saud, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and aliout a rood from him there was n little hill, with hushes iu it, ami ono very old tree at the top. What rejoiced Xed, however, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the saud, and numerous birds. \\\ ell, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out iu vain for a ship." At this time the sharks kept, cruising along the shore, aud Xed used to amuse himself by flingiug great stones ou them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, lie observed a curious tiling. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered brandies, to which cress pieces of wood had beeu rudely fastened, but ;n such n way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tret. But at two liours, or thereby, after noon every day, these branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Xcd observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that the crosses were artificial. Then nil at once it struck him that they were meant, for marks, and then he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for his shovel, and sets to work at ourc. It was hot work diggiug in that climate, but he very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of iron wood, and bound with hasps and clasps of metal. “‘By all the stars,’ quoth XoJ, ‘who knows bnt this is Fool-Weather Dun’s trea sure chest.* “ Mates, I believe it was. Xed soon wrenched the lid off, and there lie saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mines in Cuba und Hispaniola "by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they hud lain for a hundred years, and no tnan tile wiser or the better. “ ‘Aha,’ says Xed, ‘ I wouidfain have you in England, but what am I to do with you “However, he made shift to carry the wealth, lump hy lump, down to his cave near the sea : then he brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, coicring till over with loose sand. The very next morning, mates, Xcd, on awaking, saw a small birk—ho did not know what she was—becalmed, not a mile from the shore, waiting for the sea breeze. So ho mountod a rock, fired his gun, waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently. a boat pulled off from tho bark, and Xed went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of wbat nation I know not, bnt the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of tho largo windward islands— Martinieo, I believe. Bo Xcd told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port where he could ship for England. So the turtles consulted together, and asked him if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at all for money, took them into his cava, and showed them the treasure-chest. At the sight of it the tuition stared, aa well they might, and most readily agreed to take aff Ned and his .'gold »t once. The three aet to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to the water’s edge with riches. The tattlers went about like men in a dream, and they were only ' roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment when they rowed the I >ont out ol the cove nnc found her so hc.ivv that they feared eOk should lie swamped by the "heave of the “‘Lord!’ says one of them. ‘Set there : if the boat were to fill and (to down, Did you ever seo more fearful monsters? ’ “And sure enough thcro were Ned’s old friends swimming on each sido. of the boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no riecidcnt hap pened. and as they neared the turtling ship, tho sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. “ You may think for yourselves, mates, how tho entire crew of the bark, which parried about half-a-dozen meiv received their freight. Ned told tile simple truth as to how he had got it, and tho turtler, imme diately that the sea- hreeze came,' stood away for Mdvltnieo, tho two sharks foliowing as usual. Cold, tunics, is a thing that makes demons; out of men. 'The big chest stood upon tho deck, and the orow hung round i{, ’ and would hardly ■work tiie ship. Presently they began to ;hand'.e and weigh the lump?, nud dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would he 'stabbed or flung overboard to tho sharks astern, so as to ho no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they w-mv ruirb entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turiug it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, aul swore that Neil was an honest man and a g<>od comrade, and that- as la? siid, so it would be done. lint it wa. clear that they a'l distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing. an,l ourc or twice he observed a man conceal ing a knife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this liter the sharks were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men wero looking sourer and sourer at each other, ana gradually drawing oil into two parties, one on each -tde of the chest, the twain watching saidi other warily. Nctl tried tj remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on beard to ho captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. Male-, you have all seeu a squall in theso seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box : as they did so. they drew knives and snicker-slices, ami cut. and chopped at each other, strug gling nud cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on tho gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying out, ‘ Madmen that you are -look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.’ •• But it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing op the sea before it. and in tho very centre of the living foam Ned swore he su ,v Foul-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In an instant tho blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy lmx of gold fetched a wav witli a mighty surge, and went crashing through and through the fraii bulwark, and then with a great pluuge down to the bottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall giro up its dead 1 All this passed in a moment, anil the next instant the ship, as though relieved In having east forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in ilieir faces and limbs. The squall was over, and the suu hurst out; Ned rushed to the lce-beum. and saw, just where the gold had fallen into tho sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles atul sea-weed, which he know well. She seemed now saturatedandrotten with water, for the charm was off her, mates ; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the great depths of the sea, anil tho sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, and the lead touched no bottom. So thev lengthencd tho cord with every piece of loose rojor in the ship, but the sea appeared un fathomable. The gold was sunk in n gulf from which no power of man could raise it: and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has over seen Foul-Weather Don. Ned Purvis got safely back to England, aud, as I iolmsd you. already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself.” 