¥E. 32ESJSJEK333a 33l33^.SOETb SE.3P., AID HIS ' GE2Q5E.' ? A, ? Ir is never a pleasant, albeit by no means an uncommon experience, to have one's idols shattered — to find the feet of clay where one had fancied the feet of brass, or of more precious metal still — in a word (Thackeray's word for such hard cafe) in i'sspeot to the closer friends of one's heart, to say nothirg of one's heroes, to be ' disillusionated.' 1c is true that Mr. Henniker HeatoD, M.P. lor Canterbury, England, was never much, an idol or a hero with us, but it is also true that, an he could, he fain would have been, and therefore now that; we know, eo to eay, the true measure and material of that hon. gentleman's foot, wo are none the less, but all the more, to be con« gratulated on our escape from what might have been eo crushing a disappointment. Imagine, if we had ever been such idiots as to make a hero of Mr. Heaton, what our feelings would now be in the face of such an indictment againtt our idol as the pam phlet from which wre are about to quote a few of the moro salient passages. Portu° nately, as we said, he never was either, but we did on the occasion of his last, visit to Sydney give him a public banquet, we did allow him to call himself to our faces the ' member for Australia,' and as wo know that he still largely affects that character at our expense in England, it seems only fair that his involuntary constituents here should be as fully posted aa to certain peculiar points in the career and character of their representative as his voluntary constituents thero lately have been by this very plain' spoken publication, it is in the form of. a letter addressed by ' Eobert Dennis, Palace Chambers, Westminster,' to the chairman oi! the Canterbury Conservative Club, for the reason, as the writer puts, it, that ' apart from yersonal iesues, I feel that there io a public obligation upon me to let Mr. Heaton's constituents know what his real share has been in the movement upon which his public imputation rests (tbo Uni-. yersal Ponny Postage scheme), and what i& the true public character of the advertising politician who misrepresents your city.' The ' personal issues ' were certain matters oil disputed account between Messrs. Dennis and Heaton, for literary services, in the shape of several speeches, letters, and articles on the said movement, rerj' tiered by the former ; while the ' real share in the movement' of the latter is said to have been simply the learning by heart and,'1 delivering of the said speeches and the sign ing and publishing of the said letters and articles in divero newspapers and magazines, as his own. There is nothing surprising in such an arrangement between a novcau riche like Mr. Henniker Heaton, aspiring to public distinction, and a comparatively impecunious man of letters, as we may suppose Mr. Dennis to have been. It is an old form of partnership, as old almost as litera ture or public life itself, and it is only fair to the member for Canterbury (England) and Australia to say that if he impoeed upon his confiding constituents in the old country with his borrowed literary and oratorical plumes, he never for a moment did so upon any of his self-claimed constituents here. What really is surprising in so astute a gentleman is that, if he found it necessary to keep a literary 'ghost ' of so possibly compromising a character, he did not keep it well enough at least to ' keep it dark.' Mr. Heaton, however, though on public die* tinction bent, seems yet to have had a frugal mind, for we are told by this ' poor ghost ' that after nearly three years' hard work in building up Mr. Henniker Heaton'a political reputation as the great postal reformer of the age, on presenting his ' little account ' to the modest tuno of £500, he was informed that his ' mind was unhinged ' and that ' if he thought t.hat ho (Mr. Heaton) owed* him any money he would be glad to contest the matter in any court of law without de lay.' To a court of law, accordingly, the literary ' ghost ' went, and after a good deal of delay on the part of the defendant — ' misrepresentation and malingering ' the 'ghost' calls it — virtually won his case. 'At the very last moment,' he says, ' his (Mr. Heaton's) counsel came to mine with an offer of £400 and costo, under a Judge's order, which offer I accepted, for I con sider it waa a substantial admission of the justice of my claim.' The several items of this gross literary imposition — extending as the list does over a whole long page, from a ' Biography of Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., with account of. public work,' to a ' Speech delivered at a wedding break fast at Canterbury,' are far ' too numerous to mention' here, but here are a few of them — 'Address to Constituents ;rt ' Por tion of Speech on introducing Imperial Penny Postage motion in House of Com mons ;' 'History of Imperial Penny Postage Movement, published in Imperial Fedeka*. tion ;' ' Three articles by Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., on Imperial Penny Postage, published in Manchester Courieu ;' 'Long statement by Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., on Imperial Penny Postage, printed for the use of the Colonial Conference ;' ' Two lectures for delivery in Australia' (happily, Dever delivered here) ; ' Article on 'The Australian Centenary,' by J. Henniker Heaton, M.P., in JN'atio--al Reyi^av ;' 'Several letters to Postmaster- G-eneral, Lord Salisbury, and Lord Eosebesy ;'&c.;,&c;, &c.; The most important item in the series, the real author of the whole series thinks, was the long statement read by the pretended author before the Conference, of which he gives the following curious account. 'It may be seen from the Blue Book that when Mr. Heaton was invibed to explain to the Con feren Oi»ll the fact3 ofliis Imperial Postal Schema, ho utterly broke down. It was evident that hov had not the facts in bis head, or, if he had, he was incapable of stiting them. The President suggested that he should submit a written state uicnt, and Mr. Ileaton sent for me in hot haste to prepare it. I immediately set to work and wrote the Statement which appears in the Blue Book.' Of courso it appears ag Mr. Heaton's Btate lnent, and by the time that hon. gentleman^ had finished reading it before the Con ference we dare say he quite believed, if no one else did, that he had really written it. At any rate he seems to have been in no parti cular hurry to remember who did write it.j Mr. Dennis must have been not only a very industrious and very useful but a tery pa tient ' ghoat,' aud if it ia askod why for bo indispensable an adjunct to Mr. Heaton's greatness the 'ghost,' in another sense, ' walked ' so seldom — Mr. Dennis re ceived, he says, through all the years of his literary ghosthood, in dribs and drabB, some thing under £100 — the following is the characteristic explanation : — ' I felt justified in placing dependence on Mr. Heaton from the assurances he had given me at various times as to the probability of his obtain ing office. Not only was he to be Under Secre tary for the Colonies and Financial Secretary to the Treasury, but he expect ed(to be Postmaster ^General, and he f requcmtly told me that he would give me the very be3t berth at his disposal. These expectations— although I scarcely placed as much xeliuucQ on them w Mr. Heat?*; wyuld iiwvo de sired — sufficed to prevent me from raising at any time during the period over which my work ex tended, viz , frcin September, 1685, to February, 18SS— the question of remuneration. I bad been paid numerous small sums which were barely sufficient to cover the out of-pocket expenses I incurred on Mr. Heaton's behalf ; but there was never, at any time, any account taken between us, or any agreament as to a, definite rate of pay. I mention this fact because it may seem strange that for so long a period I should have continued working for Mr. Heaton without coming to a dis tinct arrangement, and you will therefore beir in mind that the whole transaction from a business point of view was rather loose in its character, and that in the nature of the case it was not likely that I should demand, or Mr. Heaton should enter into, a formal contract.' Clearly not, but dependence on Mr. Hen niker Heaton's assurance that some day he would be Postmaster-Greneral of Eogland ! Since Hamlet, has there ever been fitter case for the cry— 'Aye, thou poor ghoat?' 