1I'Ity It lfr a. The father bawled himself hoarse, but not one of the boys showed up in answer to his coalls. At supper time they came nonbchal antly in. "Bill," said the old man, "where have you been ?" " Over to sister Mory's layin' a carpet." "Tom, where have you been ?" "Ont with the streetosprinkler layin' Ish' dust." "Bob, where were you ?" "Down t' th' ha'nted house layin' er ghost." ' Johnny," said the old man in a sareastio manner, "what were youlayin'?" "I was a layin' on th' corn-bin watchin th' ole yeller hen a layin' a aig I" Row to remove weeds-Marry the widow. El?,So limhbrger is not so much a matter of taste as it is of smell. TocE nell-made man is frequently exceed' ingly proul of a very poor job. ]lY fever will make even the moot unoso cuming man blow his own horn. A nEcOnD is aoout the only thing that is improved by being broken. IF grass when it is cured becomes hay, what do grass widows when they are cured become, hey? Soe " This is Jtinerva." He: "Was bshe married 1' She: "No, she was the Goddess of Wisdom." "WoorL is crawling up again," ns the far. mer said when he pulled down his flannel shirt and tucked it in. Ie. "DJ you believe in marrying for money, Mliss Antiquel" She: "I don't know; how much have you goti" IT GOES T TITE H~eD.--" Oe more bumber at parting," as the drunkard said when he ran his head against a lamp-poet. THe joke that is too far.fetched is liable to become stale in transit. Therefore a joke should never be carried too far. WaE : "Is the moon full to.night ?" Hue. band (looking out) : "No; from its shape, though, 0 should think it was on a bender. I'nPRo-EssonR : " Ir. BonediCk, you may de. fine the superior maxillary." Mr. Benedick (finishing his education after marriage): "The wife's is." EIcW missionary (to perishing heathen): " HIow long do missionaries usually last in this climate ?" Perishing heathen : "'BooIu two meals." Tns burglar who was caught in a shoe store after midnight asked to be discharged by the magistrate on the ground that it was a fitting place for everybody. "I nELnevE I have the floor, Mr. Chair' man," said a frowsy.headed man at a debar ing society. "Just where a mop ought to be," muttered his antagonist. Ton ?csuruL: " Sly, Jack, can you give me oanylight on the subject of making love?" Jack Beenthare: "Tom, my boy, no light is needed. It's better in the dark." POLICELe : "Do you have to take care of the dogl" Noree-girl: "No; the miseas says l'm too young and inexperienced. I only look after the children." IlEsouE: "Do you read the departments devoted to women in the Sunday papers ?" Jennie: "No, my dear. Those articles are only fit for men to read." Mass Serourr: "I had such a delightful time at Newport." Miss Palisade (who owns a cottage) : "Ah, indeed? How did you find the--o--hotel there 9" Sr?r : "I think I shall, aw, nevah have to etwuggle for gweatness. Aw, I was born Rweat, donuher know?" Crusty: "Great Scott I How ynou maust have shrunk i" A FMorcTLO newspaper paragraph says that . lady, agedt eighty, has just began taking piano lesons. Even the old and feeble can get Equare with theirneighhore when they go aboutit rigbt." JUcGE: "YeO reside----" Wi.nese: : With my brother." "And your brother lives- " Witnees: "With me." ,Judge: "P'recisely; hut you both live----" Wit' ness : "Together." A lemn who has a great horror for tobseco, got into a car, and inquired of a male neigh. bor: "Do you chew tobacco, sir":' "No, ma'am, I don't," was the reply ; "but I eas get you a sohaw if you want one," (66 