Among the Big Liners. BY MATEL6T. They go and come. One leaves amidst tears, another comes amidst smiles. Ope ship load of human beings sail out upon the trackless ocean, to meet with calms, storms, changes-perhaps death ; another sKip load comes into port, having survived all the dangers of the deep; some to be welcomed by friendSj while others, new to the country, look on with all tearful anxiety, at the crowd on the wharf, as if vainly trying to catch one friendly nod or glance. Alongside the Orient Company's wharf at Circular Quay, a few minutes before i p.m. on Monday, Jay the splendid liner, the " Oroya," the | biggest of the Orient Line; below Pinchgut there lies at anchor her sister ship, the " Orizaba," just arrived from London via ports. They are soon to change places. Matel6t has been on board and gone all over: the big hooker, from stem to stern, from the chief saloon to the steerage, from the fo'c's'le to the skipper's cabin and is full up of the inequalities he sees-even in an Orient Liner-for the contrast between the first saloon and the steerage is immense-much greater than the differ ance in the price of the passage money paid for the respective berths. Matelfit has- now time to watch the "madding" crowd, from an elevated position on the wharf; and he spots a number of well-known faces from Windsor; the owners there of are telegraphing vigorously with some one on board whom Mateldt discovers to Mr. Joseph Fair fax, for some time past well-known in Windsor as a Sunday- school worker and temperance advocate -also it may be said, a Liberal in politics and an earnest Georgeite. Mr Fairfax is bound home to dear old England and his equally dear Birmingham -where no doubt, he will have much to say of what he has seen in Australia, of the many good friends he has left there, and of the saluburity of thc> climate-for he came to Australia almost a dead man and he left Sydney an hour after noon on the 9th June very much alive O!-unless it be that he felt just a little bit tearful at the idea of leaving so many good friands. Almost abreast of Fort Denison the two stately sisters pass each other, and signals are run up and down to the mast-heads of each. Mr. Fairfax, standing near the " Oroya's" taffrail, can no longer be distin guished ; the good ship alters her course to make for the heads, and the big crowd on the points now turn their attention to the incoming ship, which is being towed up to the berth her sister has just vacated. What a rush there is to see her 1 But the gates are closed at the wharf and the eager people must need go elsewhere. They rush a frail suspended jetty, and some frailer shed; a big crash is heard, and the officer in charge of the water police order all off to prevent a catastrophe. | Just as he does so, a cry is heard, "Man over board!" and one of the officers, who are directing the paying out of warps for the purpose of moor ing the ship, is seen to Call off the high rounded stern into tne water. The warp had fouled the propellor, and in the confusion that occurred, the officer over-balanced himself and went head fore most into Port Jackson tide. He is soon on the surface and striking out towards the quay man fully, while the ship's boat is pulling towards him, and in a few minutes he is dragged in and shortly after hauls himself up the ship's side, hand-over hand, to report himself as not drowned, but very wet. The "Orizaba" is safely moored and the gangway lashed, but, strange to say, there is no eagarness to land. Why this is so seems an anomaly. One man only-a Scotchman, seeming ly,-true to his native reputation for energy, is the first and only one to land; but a mad rush is made by those on shore up the gangway to meet expected friends on board. Mateldt scans the faces of the new arrivals very closely, and like the face of a ghost, there flashes upon him what must surely be a mere fancy-no, tis a certainty, for the supposed ghost is really flesh and blood. : George Motteram himself, as smart and natty as if just turned out of a band-box. Well, it was startling to see the man so soon after reading in j the GAZETTE his interesting yarn anent his | voyage to 'Frisco and New York, and he must I have lost no time in England, but taken ship at once for Sunny Australia. Somehow George got away among the crowd,-^nd, though a search was made, could not be found. Do you know, Mateldt thinks your young Windsor traveller and voyager a brick, for he has shown What a young fellow can do without being disgustingly rich; and more, he has set an example to his school fellows : which it is hoped many of them will endeavour to , imitate. Better by far for a young man to do as I he has done-though he work his way-than to be hanging on to his mother's apron strings from year's end to year's end, affording neither help nor comfort to ,his parents, and doing no good what ever to himself. The price of two or three weedy looking mokes will suffice to carry one round the i world in good time and in passable comfort-that . is Matelfit's opinion, however,-and if the young men of Windsor don't believe it, let them ask George Motteram, and I am'sure .he'll tell them straight-in facj. put them, up to every wrinkle. 