TURr TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br Asmodeus. Elstornwick Park will bo tho centre o£ attrac tion to-day, and as tho various events havo filled splendidly, a capital afternoon's raoing should bo oxperionoed. The following are my selec- tions HURDLE RACE. One mile, five furlongs and a half. YATAPA ... ' ... ... ... 1 VAGRANT ! ... v..; '2 EMULATOR ... ; r. ... ... , . ..... 3 , june handicap. , ; Fivbfiu:lpn sea song o . . ;.d ' collio rou ch ' . 7 2" ; . MER0Y-MERRK7K' .vhvfi J Z | SELLING' STEEPLECHASE;' - .."I About two miieB. : SATAN : /..v - ,;i >1 - j SAXON ... '... ... '2 " SECRETARY : . .... \\.. - Z ; ; SELLING' PL AT 'RACE, - ; . - ; Five furlongs. - , HOGMANAY, '/V.;:: - j CHRISTOPHER .. . . . ; SPINAWAY 3 elsternwigktark.handicApi ; j One mile, a furlong anda half..' . crown jewel : | W. E. GLADSTONE . ' ...r ' ... 2 ' RAOUL ... ... ... 3 Signs are not wanting to indicate tho : wide spread interest centred in tho approaching Grand National mooting at Flcmihgton, and ever since tho publication of tho weights at the commencoment of tho week turfites have been diligently engaged in tho endeavor to penetrate and solve the two knotty problems submitted by Mr. Barnard. Tho handicaps havo met with a favorable reception at tho hands of tho gene rality of critics, and it is plainly evident that the "double" will take some picking. Tho handicap for tho Hurdlo Raco is of a particularly flattering character, and with so many horses undeniably well in, the contest bids fair to assume an open aspect right up to the fall of tho flag. Corythus has been awarded the place of honor in both handicaps, and great horso though lie bo, I doubt bis capability of making another oloso bid for tho Hurdle Raco under the steadier of 13 st. Drilldool has recently been carrying suoh heavy weights to victory that it would not bo advisable to hold him too cheaply even at 12 st. 3 lb.; neither is Chandler out of it with 11 Bt. 12 lb. Redleap, 11 st. 10 lb., has 30 lb. more to carry than when ho achieved suoh a meritorious triumph last year, and in the event of his being selected in pre ference to his stable companions, Wyvis, 11 at. 6 lb.; Nooroo, 11 st. 3 lb.; Pingara, 9 st. 7 lb.; and Elfie, 9 at. 2 lb., lio will again bo worth fol lowing, Pingara has boon put prominently forward in the betting quotations, and sho was backed for all tho available mouoy in tho market instantly tho weights appeared. Whether tho business which transpired in connection with Mr. Miller's filly was properly authenticated, or whether it was a caso of forestallors being at work on tho 6ft" chance of Pingara proving tho "pea "of Mr. Miller's undoubtedly dangerous team, I know not, and it will remain for f uturo market developments to mako matters olear in this respect. Pingnra's public credentials aro far from being first class, or evon good, but as sho has not appeared in public for over 12 months this ciroumstaace may possoss no signi ficance with regard to her present capabilities as n performer ovor tho small stiaks. Pingara bos only tbroo winning brackets attaohed to her name— one a Maiden Plate victory, gained nt Moonoo Volley when a 2-ycnr-old, tho other two being a couple of burdlo raoo wins in inferior company and small fields last season. Pingara is n 5-ycar-old mare, by Wellington from Vau- dovillo, and bred to stay. There aro two good horses on tho 11 st. 5 lb. mark in Paruoll and St. Louis, both of which must bo accounted dangorous. Tho Rhymer, 11 Bt. 3 lb., lias 10 lb. more than when be ran third to Redleap and Corythus, and it would not surprise mo to seo tho stable rely on Freedom, who is nicely handi capped at 10 st. 2 lb. Crusoo and Elloralio, both at 11 st. 1 lb , should bo held safo by Ulysses, who has a pound less to carry. Maugaohauo, who hails from New Zealand, cannot complain at being naked to cany 10 at. 9 lb. ; still, I would prefer to trust to tho Tasmanian horse, Manuka, who is wonderfully well handicapped at 10 st. 4 lb. Manuka ohanged hands for 420 guiuoas on tho day tho weights appeared, and ho will in f uturo carry Mr. Morris J acobs'a colors. Mr. Barnard has apparently such n poor opinion of his qualifications as a hurdlo jnmpor that I fool confident his new owner will hove no cause to regret his bargain. Manukn's performances in Tasmania stamp him 03 a really good animal, but whether ho is class enough to win a Grand National remains to bo seen. Thoso best acquainted with Young Sussex, who comes from the Western district, thinkthatthoracoiscntircly at tho rneroy of tlio provincial nag, who has a good record, both on tho fiat audi:over hurdles ; and bolow him tho only ones likely to provo -dangerous aro Busaoo, 9 Bt. 12 lb.; Yatapn, 9 st. 7 lb.; Pingara, 9 st. T lb.1; and Elfie, 9 st. 2 lb. Loohiel, 12 st. 21b.; .Tradition, list. 61b.; Green Isle, 10 st. 6 lb.; and. Jean, at -tho same weight, aro unknown quantities ovor tho stioks, and of this lot Tradition is most in favor, his namo boing freely taken in doubles with other horses for tho Stoeplcohase. First impressions influence mo in favor of Tradition, Freedom, Young Sussex, Manuka, Parnoll, St. Louis, and tho best of Mr. Miller's lot, and this is tho division I will finally have to fall back upon in search of tho probablo winner. Mr. Barnard's labors in connection with the Grand National Steeplechaso have been equally as arduous as those for the contest ovor tho hurdles, and it was not without some diflioulty that he must havo satisfied himself with his classification of tho 37 animals submitted to tho handicapping process. Provido'd Corythus can nogotiate tho Flemington fonces as easily as ho is understood to fly thoso at Dowling Forest, ho would provo decidedly dangorous, oven with 12 st. 12 lb. on his back, and wcro lie to win ho would then fall short of tho record, inasmuch as Sussex won tho Grand National carrying 13 st. 1 lb. Flashlight's form this soason has been so consistently bad that I have no fancy for him at 12 st. 7 lb. Rodloap, 12 st. 4 lb., reads bettor, and 1 deem Mr. Miller's horso tho roughly competent to concedo 2 lb. to Eaglet, who performed wretchedly subsequently to his victory in tho big raco last year. Tho Now Zealand horse, Mnngaokano, is well up on the list, with' 11 Bt. 10 lb., but then it must bo 'remembered ho is in possession of a Grand National certificate, and thoreforo a much better performer than his fellow countryman Titokowaru, who is in rocoipfc of 1 lb. from him. Studloy and Saxon are both on tho samo mark as Titokowaru, who' looks like holding them safe. Peter Osbeck, 'list. 71b., has a pound leas to carry than when he ran second to Eaglet last winter, and the grey may be justly considered woll in. I doubt, however, whether lie is capable of con ceding weight to horses liko Busaco, 11 st. 2 lb.; Nooroo, 11 st.; Renmnrk, 10 st. 9 lb., and Shanks, 10 st. 6 lb., a quartet from wbick I would not bo tho least surprised to see tho win ner omanato. Bolton, 11 St., would also be dan gerous woro he an accomplished fencer, while Sir Joshua, 10 st. 5 lb, is another animal that must not be lost sight of. Lawler is leniently treated atlOst. 61b., but ho will require to improve greatly on his Queen's Birthday performance at Flemington in order to score a victory. The New Zealand representative, AVaitangi, is also lot down lightly at 10 st. 2 lb., while Mr. Barnard has extended still groator leniency to his countrymen, Messonger and The Artist, both of which have been awarded tho minimum impost of 9 st. 7 lb. Tho romaining candidates on tho list embrace a varioty of talont, and when tho time arrives for solocting tho. probable winner my choice will, I fancy, have to be mndo from Busaco, Sir Joshua, Shanks, Peter Osbeck and Mr. Miller's best, Redleap, Nooroo or Renmark. Tho meeting to bo held nt Cauifieid on- Satur day next, tho 28th inst., lias attracted splendid entries in the aggregate, but the nomination of only 32 for tho Ladies' Trophy, although 3 above last year, is still disappointing. This, race is distinguished for having brought to tho post tho largest field that ovor assembled in Australia— 41 in 1883, when The Ghost won — and I am disposed to think that tho reduced entries of lato years may ho ascribed to tho conditions being somewhat different to former occasions. AVlion tho trophies, which were always beautiful specimens of tlio goldsmith's art; used to bo oxbibited for somo time beforo tho meeting in a Colllns-stroet jowoller's window public attention wasattraoted towards tho event, and doubtless many a nomi nation was made through tho wife, sister or sweetheart of nn owner having seen the hand some trophies to bo presented to tho winners, and having scoured a nomination in tho hope of winning ono of them. Siuco 1887 there has been no preliminary display, no trophies havo boon purchased bcforoliand, but the winners aro allowed to soleot them. Probably this alteration was inado to pleaso somo who expressed preference for tlio now conditions, but that it was an egregious error has been plainly shown by tlio entries having dropped to less than at ono timo tho starters numbored. In former years tho publio presentation of tho trophy by tho Govornor's lady was a ceremony whiah was looked forward to by tho fair sex with interest, and attraotcd them to tho meeting in great numbors. Now the raoo is run as any otlior is, and on its termination there remains doubt as to wliotkor tho " trophy " selected may not bo. a chcquo iustoad of n bracelet. Mr. Bond was .tho originator of ladies'trophyracos,and they wero first introduced at his suggestion, and under his management, on tho Cauifieid course, and therefore is it doubly disappointing that tliis event should have been partially spoilt by. an ill nilvisod altera tion in tho conditions suoh as that referred to. However there ore some flyors amongst tho 32, nud should Joan, Nowmaster, Stafford, John S, Tho Serf, Protonder, Prattlor, Epi, Deors- wood, Sea Song, Cooyal, Littlo Bob ami Betsy come to the post tho result will bo a pretty open question. There aro 23 in tho Hurdlo Racoj including Chandler, Tcddington,. Prosper, Ulysses, Pirato and several other fair performers, 18-in tho Corinthiau Flat Race, and amongst tho 21 nominated for tho Stoeplcohase tho uame3 of Curiosity, Lawlor, Geelong, Guy Fawkcs, Donald, Dingo,' Diinlop, Messenger, Satan and Shanks aro safiieiont to suggest tho probability of a good contest. Tho Richmond Handlonp has attracted tho largest entry of tho mooting, 39, ono of tho number being Fishwifo, who, it was stntcd, had run her lost raoo, and was to bo Bont to tbo stud. Tho list bristles with tho names of winners, and a morry milo should certainly bo oat out by such as Russley, Apropos, Audacity, Soudan, Knight of tho Garter, AVycombo, Mercy Mer rick, Moongo, John S, Newmostor, Chintz and Silvcrton. Tho entries received for oaoh event show an increase on last year, tho total being 132 against 97 for 1889. Tito woighta for this mooting will be declared next Monday. Tho A.J.O. woro favored with fiao weather for their AVintor meeting, which was woll attondod and productive of somo interesting racing. Mr. Tom AYntson was in nearly ovory instauce aucoossful ill effecting a good start, and althoueh aoveral falls took placo in the Staoplo- chase the racing was not marred by any serious accident. Banjo and AYaiter were about equally fancied for the Hurdlo Race, but though each got a placo they finished in the order named behind Charon, who was always in a good posi tion, and coming oway half a milo from home won as lie liked. In a field of 18, Paris and May Queen wore well supported for the June Stakes, but tho winner turned up in tho Cauifieid east off, Ernest, who has speedily reimbursed his new owner. Carrying 8 st. 2 lb., Ernest had quite as much weight as ho was entitlod to; but just when Gresford looked all over a winner 100 yards from homo, ho carno with a brilliant fun and won a great raoo by a nook, with Oroya a poor third. It is evident that the good opinion I formed of Gresford when I saw him at tho A. J.C. Autumn meeting was justified, and in carrying 8 st. (only 2 lb. loss than tho winner, who is two years older) into second placo he registered a capital performance for a 2-year- old, lato ill the season though it bo. Backers wero moro successful in the Two-year-old Handicap, which was won hands down by tho favorite Chorister, followed by Plaudit and Cleopatra. The winner is by Goldsbrongh — AVkirlwind, a daughter of Ham let. For tho third time during the past few weeks at Randwiok, Bushman went out favorite for the Steeplechaso and for the third time got into trouble. Inspector, Drnmmer, Mnrmion and Recruit also came to grief, and after old Native had pumped himself out in front, tho New Zealander, Rossiter, took up the running and finished nearly a score of lengths in front of Grafton, who had also passed the tiring Native. Following so close upon the victory of Titokowaru, tho sucoess of Rossiter has doubt less given the Sydney folks a wholesome respect for New Zealand jumpers, who are cortainly doing remarkably well, so far, over Australian country. Mantilla and The Queon wero tho popular fanoies for the AVinter Stakes, which brought out 24 starters, but neither gained a place, Muriel shooting clean away from the field at tho distance and whining very easily from May Queen and Insignia. The meeting held on tho Epsom eounieon Satur day last must have been highly gratifying to the now proprietors. A splendid attendance and large fields should have satisfied them, while the public could not fail to be pleased with the quality of the racing and the results of the various events. In most instances tho favorites won, but even in the enses where tho publio fancy was put down thore was still a largo pro portion of backers on the winners. In the Grand Stand Plato, for which there woro a dozen starters, Stella was mado favorite and justified the confidence reposed in hor by romping home an easy winner. In the Reform Handicap Frisky, although a 5 to 1 chance, also gnro tho ring a tap ; and Last Request, another well supported horse at tho same price, got home in tho Handicap Hurdlo Race a length in front of Bangle. The Imperial Stakes proved a gift for tho well bred Cazottc, as tho maro was never extended during the race. In the Epsom Milo tho oven monoy favorite, Aglao3, was thoroughly spun out and it was only by resolute riding that bo was pushed past tho post first, the big lead be had established during tho earlier part of tho raoo standing him in good stead. The closest finish of tho day was in tho Soiling Handicap Race between tho first and seeond favorites, Ronoy and Caversbam. Ten yards from homo Cavorsbam with half a length lead looked all ovor a winner, but ho failed to stay the distanco and was beaten on tho post by a bare neck. Tho victory of tho well supported Good Hopo in the Ivanhoe Handicap brought to a oloso a highly entertaining afternoon's sport. For Auld Lang Syno, if for no other reason, numerous entries should bo received next Tues day for tlio complimentary meeting to bo tendered to Mr. AYilliam Filgato by South Aus tralian Tattorsall's on tho Old Adolaido race course on Saturday, 5th July. Tho manage ment havo, however, not roliud merely upon sentiment to aoouro tho success of their com- mendablo and praiseworthy undertaking, but have prepared a programme which claims tho attention of owners upon its merits atone. Tho names given to the various events awaken memo ries of tho halcyon days of Moribyrnong, over which famous establishment Mr. Filgato was then the presiding genius ; and to many of us the names of Lantern, Lapidist, Fishhook and Dolphin recall Btirring events asso ciated with earliest and most ' pleasant recol lections. Tho programme consists of the Lapidist Hurdlo Raco, of 75 sovs.,' about ono mile and three quarters ; Lautoin Selling Plato, a handicap of 50 sovs. (winner to bo sold for 30 sovs,), five furlongs; Filgato Cup, of 150 sovs., ono milo ; Shamrock Steeplechaso, of 100 sovs., about two miles and a half; Fishhook Stakes, a welter hnndicap, for amateur riders, trophies value 40 sovs. and 10 sovs. or equal in specio, seven furlongs; and Dolphin Handicap, of 75 sovs., six furlongs. Entries for all tbo above races will bo reaeived at the V.R.C. office, or with Mr. J. Moorhouso, scorotary S.A. Tattor sall's, Adolaido, at 4 o'clook next Tuesday ; and I would suggest to all old Victorian ownors that evon though they may not ho ablo to personally assist at tho meeting, thoy can subsoribo to tho fund in n delicate but offeotual manner by making a fow entries for tbo various events. Mr. Morris Jnoobs Is not a bad judge of a horse, and on Monday ho Bhowed his wisdom in outstaying tho others -who wero ! bidding for the Tasmanian hurdleracer Mannka, who was far from being a dear, horso at 420 guineas. Now Zealaud sportsmen of tho last . gonoration remember what a clinking good horso his siro Manuka was in his native country, and his dam; tho Potor AVilkins maro Bella, was a credit to Tasmania, whioh lias produacd so many good ones. I havo seen Manokn polish off tho hurdlo- racers of his nativo island on moro than, ono occasion, nnd.as I havo intimated olaewhero tho Grand National Hurdlo Raco is by no moans beyond bis possiblo capacity with 10 at. 4 lb. to carry. Sir. Jacobs has oxporionced a fair sharo of tho good fortuno of tho turf, and . may bo lucky enough to bo thus quickly and substan tially reimbursed; but should ho miss tho big ovout I am satisfied that Manuka's now owner will not havo to wait long for a dividend. The AVinter Moeting of tho Bendigo Jockey Club will attract tho attention of metropolitan racing men on AVednestlay next, tho 25th inst. Entries for the Selling Hurdle Race and Soiling Flat Raco will be received by tbo secretary, Mr. J. Hemming, or at tlio Ar.R.O. office up to Monday next. Tho handicap events havo filled well, and a good day's racing should result. My selections are as follows : — HURDLE RACE. ArAGRANT ... ... 1 EMULATOR.,, ... 2 TWILIGHT ... ... 3 STEEPLECHASE. . - , GUY FAAVXES ' 1 SATAN | 2 MELVILLE: 3 AVINTER HANDICAP 1 » ' ' GRANDEE ' ... 1 DONCASTBR ... ' 2 V. O. ..." ... ... , " 3 Mr. T. Haydon must certainly bo credited with being a man of action. Only a fow .days ago ho announced his intention of oponing rooms for conducting tho business of suburban and country racing clubs, receiving entries, paying stakes, providing accommodation for inquiries, and for tho meetings of committees. Dropping into tho newly formed establishment nt tho be ginning of the week, I was not a little ' sur prised to find tbat Mr. Haydon bad completed all arrangements and was ready to "get into tbo collar" at onco. Tlio office is fitted up suitably, and well supplied with racing books of reference, and the adjoin ing " big room " is handsomely furnished, in fact a turf malefactor undergoing tho ordeal of being " carpeted " in such a luxurious apart, ment will, I am afraid, hardly realise his posi tion—until afterwards. From what I have observed and been able to gather it seems to mc that tho moro racecourse proprietors and managers make themselves acquainted with tho features of this now establishment tho mora they will appreoiato the many advantages to ba derived from it. In order to give owners at a distance amplo time to mako their entries Messrs. Cair.ijbell and Sous thus early notify that their annual grand parade, show and sale of thoroughbred, Irish huntiug, Cleveland and draught stallions, trotting and pony sires, and Cleveland, Clydes dale and other mares will bo held at the City Horso Bazaar, Elizabeth-street, on Tuesday, 5th August, and following days. The firm aro now ready to receive entries for cataloguing and ad vertising, and further partioulars will shortly ba announced. Mr. Littlewood bought Sir AVilliam, by. AVild Eaglo — Miss lYilliams, on Monday for 75 guineas, and tho Tasmanian steeplechaser, Dunlop (late Dick), was passed in at 210 guineas, the reserve being 250 guineas. M: Trahan, tho well known jockey, and tba Melbourne Cup winner, Bravo, loft for India on Sunday in the steamer Argus. No better representative of the Australian thoroughbred than tho son of Grand Flaneur and Tho Orphan has ever been landod on "India's coral strand," and bis futuro caroor will bo watched with interest by raoing men in Australia. Being a Melbourne Cup winner and the son of one who not only won tho great event himself, but every other race for whioh ho started, including the Victoria Derby and Champion Stakes, tbo arrival of Bravo will doubtless cause a sensation in Indian turf ciroles. Tho Now Zealand colt, Aloinous, has joined King's string nt Cauifieid. Last season Alcinous did not win a raco, but, remarks a New Zealand writer, during tho present season bo has proved successful in the AVelter Handicap and Flying Handicap at Geraldino Spring, and ho also earned place money in the Consolation nt the South Canterbury Spring Meeting, tho Stowards' Stakes at tho C. J.O. Spring and tho Carnival Handicap at tho Dunediti Exhibition Meeting, breach of which threo ovoats ha was.runnor up. . La Roso, n recent arrival from Now Zealand, has gono into Lang's stable at Flemington. At tho Laehlan Raoing Club moeting held last Saturday, the Hurdle Raco was won by Slander, tho Hillstou Hnndicap by Quilp, and tho Flying Handicap by Midday. ' . . Mr. Barnard will publish the Melbourno'Cup weights next Monday, from which timo until tho eventful 4th of Novoinbcr layers and backers will hnvo enough to occupy their minds, irre spective of tho study of weights for tho Cauifieid Cup and other important ovents to bo announced lator on. This year tho Melbourno Cup handi cap possesses unx>recedcntod interest on account of tho unexampled valuo of tho' stake, and for tho saku of The Leader readers I hopo that I may ba ablo to repeat my successful forecast of last season, when in thoso columns immediately on tho appearance of tho weights I unhesi tatingly pronounced Bravo to bo tho most favorably handicapped horso in tho race, and coupled him with Bonzon to supply the winucr. Iam pleased to hear that Rogers, the steeple, chaso rider, who was so severely injured at Moonoo Valloy a fortnight ago, is recovoring, although .it will probably ba somo time bofore ho is completely convalescent. ' There appoars to bo ovory probability of tho Pony' Show, to which X referred last week, boing successfully carried out. Trotting competitions on tho new bioyclo track by eleotrio light will be a novel feature in tho programme, and I may remind owners of pouios that entries oloso to day for tho various classes, of which there ore 17\. Tho prizos aro substantial, and the pro moters appear to bo managing affairs in a manner that deserves to command snccoss. The show, whioh will be oponod ouAYedncsday next, tho 25th inst., is under tho patronago of Lord Hopotoun. . Tho Australian sportsman, Mr. D. Coopor, now in England,' recently purohased from Captain Macheil, the 3.yoar-old colt, Innishecn, by Baiiol from Humility. Jnnisheon won d aoupla of unimportant raoes last season. Tho AVintor Moeting of tho Salo Turf Club will ho "held on AVodne'sday;,T6th July. Tho programmo, it must bo allowed, Is of modest 1 proportions, but tho sportsmou'of tho Gippslandl capital aro such a good lot of follows that Mel- 1 bourno racing mou always enjoy a trip- to Sale,s and when once they are on the spot the value of the stakes becomes a lost consideration amidst the prevailing fun. I am glad to notice that our old friend, George Coulson, again fills the position of judge, that amongst the stewards arc two of the oldest and straightest of Vic toria's turf veterans, "William Pearson and George Davis, that Mr. Frank Dakin is to apportion the weights, and that Mr. A. A. M'Millan, the secretary, will be found in charge of affairs a3 usual." Entries close either with 1irn or at tho Y.R.C. office on Thursday, the 26th inst, for the Hurdle Eace, Winter Handicap, Steeplechase and Flying Handicap, the Selling Hurdle Race and Disposal Stakes closlng-a fortnight later. The postponed meeting of the Mcnfcone Racing Club was held successfully on Thursday, when the club were favored with fine weather and a good attendance. The stewards requested the trainer of Larly Dardy to explain the latter s ; running in the Porcius Handicap, in the betting for which race he had receded before the fall ot the flag. The steward. contented themselves with expressing their dissatisfaction to the trainer but took no further action. Whatever may have been the actual facts in connection with the case, everybody mu3t sympathise with Lardy Dardy's owner, Mr. S. Gardiner, tlran whom no man on the Australian turi is more distinctly above suspicion, and who would cer tainly not countenance anything crooked. The usual measuring difficulty cropped up with the , ponies, and it has become cvideut that during the late period of the pony racing boom measur ing was in niany cases a perfect farce. Mam ma won theSclling Hurdle Race for ponies 14 hands, beat ing a hot favorite in Refrain, and in the Porcius ' Handicap the places were filled by Moonstone, Doncahter and Idalia. Merry Christmas unex pectedly won the Hurdle Race, followed by Resign and Gulpha, and in the Bay Handicap for 13.2 ponies, Stella, Silver and Master Gus finished in the order named. FiiAcy had no difficulty in beating Black Boy, Riddle aud other3 in the Trucanini Handicap for 14 hands ponies; Summer, Spinaway and St. John filled the places in the Disposal Stakes; aud Good Hope, Soudan and W. E. Gladstone in the Meutone Handicap. The club netted £95 from the sale of the winners of the selling races, both of which were knocked down to the ubiquitous ' Teddy "Weekes. Entries for the Ballarat Miners' Winter Meeting, to be held on Friday, 4th July, close on Friday next, the 27th inst. The events then ' requiring attention are the Trial Stakes, Hurdle Race, Winter Handicap, Selling Steeplechase," Selling Flat Race, and Time Handicap Trot. The midwinter meeting of the DeniHquin Jockey Club,' which takes places this year on xuecuay auu ir cuuosuuy, iuu aolu uuu auui July, is always a favorite gathering with the sportsmen of Rivcrina. The programme includes \- a number of events worthy the at ten c ion of ' owners,. who are reminded that entries for tho following handicap races close with the secre- retary, Mr. J. W. H. Wyse, at 8 o'clock next Monday, the, 23rd inst.: — First Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs., about two miles; Rivcrina Cup of 2 sovs. each for starters with 80 sovs. added, ono mile and a half; District Race, a welter handicap of 25 sovs., for amateur riders, one mile, and Flying Handicap of 20 sovs., six furlongs. These, with the Maiden Plate (which will not close until Wed nesday, 9th July) and tho Sires' Produce Stakes (already closed) complete the first day's pro- \- gramme. The events to bo decided on the second day, and for which entries close as above next Monday, are the Second Hurdle Race, of 50 fiove., about two miles, D.J.C. Handicap of 1 sov. each, for starters, with 60 sov3. added,, one mile and a quarter ; Steeplechase, of 1 sov. each . for starters, with 80 sovs. added, about two miles . and a half ; Ladies' Bracelet, a welter handicap, of X sov. eaoh for starters, to go to \- second horse, a bracelot value 25 guineas, pre sented by Mr. J. W. M'Laurin, with 15 sovs. added, amateur riders, ono milo ; and the Town Plate, a handicap of 25 sovs., six furlongs. Last week I noticed at leneth the nroirrammo of the Oaklands Hunt Club meeting, which takes place on the V.A.T.C. course at Caulfield on 'Tuesday, 1st July. Ic is therefore not necessary to recapitulate the conditions of the various events, but I may tako this last oppor tunity to remind those concerned that entries closo at the V.A.T.C. office next Monday, the 23rd inst, and that for the convenience of local owners entries for the Farmers' Plato will be received at the Bulla shiro hall up to 7 o'clock on the evening of that day. ; Owner? of horses engaged in the Aibury Ama teur Race Meeting, which takes place on Friday . .vjnext, the 27th inst, are reminded that accept- . ' : faces and general entries close on the previous fiay, Thursday, tho 26fch inst - ' Acceptances and general entries for the ' Bairnsdale Racing Club Winter Meeting, to bo V/ held on 1st July, close on Thursday, tho 26th inBt Weights for the handicap events of tho Moo- sroopna Race Club "Winter Meeting will bo declared next Thursday. Tho meeting takes place on Friday, 4th July. The Jerildcrio Jockey Club Annual Meeting is to bo held on 24th and 25th July. Entries for tho J.J.C. Handicap, Open Handicap and Town Plate close next Monday, the 23rd inst. The steamship Manapouri, which arrived on Thursday morning from New Zealand, brought amongst her freight 12 horses, inoluding the racehorses Belvldere, Invernay, Littlo Sham rock, Sir Julius, Blizzard, Martonian and A pony named Topsy. The animals are in excel lent condition. ' Tho Australian horses in England have per formed so far most disappointingly this season, which is the more surprising after tho success echievod last year in fairly good company by a second rater liko Ringmaster. Mr. Savill's horso when in Australia could never have been put iu the same class as Lady Betty, and as the latter jicdteeh backed for some time before tho race for the Royal Hunt Cup, ran at Ascot lost Wednesday; and started 'third fav orite, there is qyery reason to suppose that she was fit, and that the stable ' fanoiod her chance. Considering the cxcelienoo of her year-old performances in Australia, she was most favorably treated in the. handi cap for this race, her weight, being 7 st. 5 lb., or 10 lb. less than Ringmaster's. The distance (one mile), moreover, would suit her exactly, and therefore it is impossible to account for her wretched display iu any other way than to suppose that she was outclassed, in which case there must be a lot of nonsense talked by Aus tralian sporting men who, after visit iug Eng land, declare that the horses iu the old country arc not nearly so good as Englishmen consider them. English turf writers are occasionally very pro nounced and assertive in their opinions ; and I suppose there are those of as in this particular corner of the globe who are addicted to a simi lar complaint. It isall very well to give vent to these stiong ideas when prognostications " pan out" correctly; but, somehow or "other, one's opinions arc not always realised, and then the writer regrets having made an ass oi himself. This is just the predicament in which the self- opiniated contributor to Truth found himself after the Derby. This is what he wrote before Sainfoin won and Surcfoot failed to get a jflace : — "The Two Thousand was worth £4409 to the winner, and the value of the Derby will be £5500 to Surefoot, and Mr. Merry will also take £500 as nominator over and above the £5000 which is- given to the winner. H any ot iny readers have backed Sainfoin' for the Derby, I advise them t-o hedge at once, if they arc in a position to do so. If this horse had a good chanco of winning at Epsom, he certainly would not have been sold by Sir Robert Jardine and Porter, and, under the circumstance, I should be sorry to take 100 to 1 about him. The prac tical conclusion to be drawn from this sale is that Right Away is the best 3-year- old at Kingsclere, . and I suspect it will turn out that ho is consider ably the superior of Sainfoin. When Sir James Miller's, unsophisticated intelligence is more developed by experience, he will recognise that clever people, who thoroughly understand what the Sporting Times defines as the great game,' never sell a horse of high public reputation unless, as the .French say, they have reason. I wonder that Porter did not pass on Sainfoin to Baron Hirsch as a memento of Kingsclere. This worthy financier was very astute in his dealings with the Turkish Government, but on the turf he is as much out of his element as a trout on a gravel walk, and the wrongs of tho Porto appear likely to be thoroughly avenged on what Lord Beaconrffield described as 'the plains of Newmarket.' The sale of Sainfoin may be justifiably takeu as an intimation that those excellent judges, his late owners, do not fancy his Epsom chances. Sainfoin need no longc-r be thought of . in connection with the Derby while Surefoot and Right Away are on biicur icgs." a wees. later tue same water remarked- that some " crackbrained simpletons" had backed Sainfoin for the Derby at shortened prices. There would be two more issues of Truth before the Derby was run, and it will be interesting to note how this critic finally dealt with the prospects of this subsequent winner. It is evident that English turf writers occa sionally go unnecessarily out of their way to make fools of themselves. After the race for the May Plate at New market the brothers T. and S. Loates, who rode Lady Heron and Belvidera II. respectively, wcro called before the stewards of the Jockey Club for boring and crossing FitzSimon. No complaint was made by T. Cannon, the rider of FitzSimon, but the stewards suspended both T. and S. Loates from riding for a week. Gold, the winner of theaA8cot Gold Cap, who is by Sterling (one of tho best horses that England has produced), ran 12 times as a 3-yr.-old (nine times without success), but closed the season well, winning two of his last three races. The first of these was perhaps tho most sensational race of the English season, not even excepting the Two Thousand Guiucas, iu which Donovan suffered such an unexpected defeat. Tho race was the Champion Stakes at -Newmarket, distance a mile and a quarter, aud there were four starters. Avrshirer (the Derbv winner nf 1888), upon whom odds of '4 to 1 were laid, Enthusiast (the sensational conqueror of Dono van in the Two Thousand Guineas above alluded to, and for which by tho way Gold ran uti- Xilaced), who was quoted at 8 to 1, Autibes 10 to 1, and Gold 100 to 8. Tho last named won by a head from Autibes, with Ayrshire third half a length off; and, subsequently, Gold, after running second to Testator in the Newmarket Derby, won the Second Sub- acription Stakes also at Newmarket, being the outsider of threo starters. Philomel is owned by Colonel North, tho "nitrate kiug,"who lias recently expended large sums of money in the purchase of horses and greyhounds, and Yasistas has only to continue as ho has begun tho present season to bo recognised as the most consistent aud most unlucky handicap horso of his or any other year as ho runs into a place with remark able regularity, but never wins. Ho is owned by the famous financier, Baron dc Hirsch, who shares with tho Princo of Wales the distinction of employiug an English nobleman as paid trainer, Lord Marcus Bercsford having recently resigned his position as starter to the Jockoy Club to take tho management of tho horses owned by the Princo and tho Baron. 