HOW A STARVING MAH FEELS. For tlio first two days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing his sufferings are perhaps more acute than in the remaining stages; he feels an inordinate, unspeakable craving at the sto mach night and day. The mind runs upon beef, bread, and other substances; but still in a great measure the bod}7 retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, v..t ^ r.. t incessaht craving gives place to a sinking and weakness of the stomach accompanied by nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with the loss of strength, he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stages. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, he swallows it -with a wolfish avidity; but five minutes after his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if he had swallowed a liviug lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the very foundation of liis existence. On the fifth day his cheeks suddenly . appear hollow and sunken, his body attenuated; his color is ashy pale, and his eyes wild, glassy, and canuibal lilce. The different parts of the system are now at war until each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in search of food; the legs, from weak ness, refuse. The sixth day brings with it increased suffering, although the pangs of hunger are lost in an overpowering languor and sick ness. The head becomes giddy; the ghosts of well-remembered dinners pass in hideous proces sion through the mind. The seventh day comes, bring ing increasing lassitude and ruriner prostration of strength. The arms hang lifelessly, the legs drag heavily, the desire for food is still left, to a degree, but it must be brought, not sought. The miserable remnant of life which still hangs to the sufferer is almost too grievous to be borne ; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire still to preserve it if it can he saved without a tax on bodily exertion. Tho mind wanders. At one time he thinks his wearied limbs cannot sustain him a mile ; the next he is endowed with un natural strength, and if there be a certainty of relief before him dashes bravely and strongly forward, wondering whence proceeds his new and sudden impulse. Barber: “ Bather short, sir?” Customer: “ Yes; now you mention it, I am rather short—. pay you next time.” 