THIRTY TEARS OF COLONIAL GOVERNMENT. Thirty Tears of Colonial Government. A Selection from the Despatches and Letters of the Right Honourable Sir George Ferguson Bowen, G.C.M.G. Edited by Stanley Lane-Poole. (Longman, Green, and Co. 32s.) Thebe are few books that give a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir George Bowen's letters and despatches which Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited under the title of "Thirty Years of Colonial Government." During that period Sir George Bovren administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with which he had to deal. The principle on whicli he uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely j local concern. It was in 1S59 that he was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment in the Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's " Handbook " for that interesting country. Modern ] Greeks, he once explained to Lord Palmer\x=req-\ ston, pronounce the words meaning " we,"' and " you " in precisely the same manner. " All, they confound ' we' and ' you' do they ? " said Palmers ton. " I fear that is not tlie only way in which modern Greeks confound ' meum' and ' tuuin."The following extract contains an interesting description of Queensland is 1S59. "I eliall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at night in the houses of the principal •squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patri\x=req-\ arcliial style among their immense ilocks and herds! amusing themselves -with hunting, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality. I have often thought (especially in reading Thackeray's novel, 'The Virginians') that the Queensland gentleinajiTsquatters bear a similar relation to the other Australians that the Virginian planters of a hundred yeara back bore to the other Americans. , \- " But there is a perfectly distinct class of people in the towns. Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble "what Boston and the Other Puritan towns of New England -were at the close of the last century. In a population of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteen public-houses, twelve polieemen\x=req-\ The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of English and Scotch merchants and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." The Queensland of those days was almost entirely a past oral country, and Sir George Bowen tells an amusing story about one of the principal squatters. A Second Job. " A successful Queenslander, who became a memljer of the House of Commons, ■where he supported Lord. Palmerston, was invited to one of the political receptions of Lady Walaegrare at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information about her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to liave greeted him with, * Oil, Mr. , I am very glad to see you. I hear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the Patri\x=req-\ archs—that, in short, you are a second Job.' Her guest replied: * I hope, Lady Walde\x=req-\ grave, you do not mean to compare me to Job, who, as we learn from the Bible, had only 7,000 sheep, whereas .1 have 300,000. Job was a mere .stringy-barker.' It should be explained that young settlers, on beginning sheep-farming in the interior, with only from 5,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot! generally afford to build at first houses of I wood or stone: and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comforts table huts made from the bark of the so\x=req-\ called " stringy-bark " eucalyptus. So they were often known to the great squatters by the sobriquet of 'stringy-barkers." In those days they played whist in tlie wilds for sheep points and a bullock on the rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to Kew Zealand, then in the throes of the Maori troubles, which he largely succeeded in assuaging during his government. Like most of those who have come in contact with tliem, Sir George was full of appreciation for the J5ne qualities of the Maori race. The following story is here given at firsthand:— A Stbakge Conversion. "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet the Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers of the Treaty of Vi'ai\x=req-\ tangi in 1S40, and who had ever since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the Governor,' Do you know, sir, the antecedents of that old heathen ?' ' Kb, my dear Bishop,' was the reply, ' but I do "know that he brought five hundred of his clansmen into the field to fight for the Queen, so I invited him to meet the " Queen's son."' * Well,' continued the Bishop,' when I first arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to me and said that he wished to be baptised, I knew that he had two wives, so I told him that he must first persuade one of them to return to her family. He said he feared that would be difficult, but that he would see what could be done, and come back to me in two months. When he returned, he exclaimed, ' Now missionary, you may baptise me, for I have only one wife.' I asked, ' What have you done with our dear sister, your first wife ?' He replied, smacking his lips,' I ham f.aten her ! *" In 1873 Sir George "vy&B; promoted to "Victoria, where Iig Temaijied Ufiill 1S79, when his term expired, ajid he was assigned the government of Mauritius, the only vacancy at the time. Compared with Australia, there was quite an air of antiquity about the old French colony in which Paul and Virginia had lived and "loved. Labooidoxxais' Ghost. " The Australasian. Colonies are too young for ghosts, bat here we have a haunted chamber, where fcjje great Labourdonnais, the famous French tiovg?iu>r of Mauritius, is believed by llie French er^oies t,o jvajk nightly. We put a high civil l'uneiionaiy ] there, but he declared that he heard strange noises, and nothing -would induce him to occupy the room again. However, next week the English admiral of the station arrived with Jiis squadron, and when we asked him if hp would have the haunted chamber, tlie bes-; spare room in the liouse, he said, 'I am p.fraid of no Frenchman, dead or aliye'; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month he spent with us. It is true tliat he was supported by his Flag Captain in the room on his right, and by his Flag Lieutenant in the room on his left. Then, too, a strange noise is often heard at night at tlie time of full moon, jib of a carriage driving by tlie chateau; and some creole6 declared they had seen Labourdonnais passing by in his coach and six horses, with his escort and lacqueys—all skeletons in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. Rather suspecting some trick, the aides- de-camp of a former Governor sat up with their swords and a bottle at champagne on the table; and when they Jipanl the strange noise approaching, tiiev iiirn&i; pat the guard with loaded rifles and fixed bayonets, and all sallied forth—to see a grand herd of wild stags from the neighbouring mountains tossing their antlers in the bright tropical moonlight." lloug-Kong was the last of our dependencies over which Sir George Uowen was called upon to preside. During the years he spout tlwrs lie took occasion to visit both China and Jap&u.; Tjus Altar of ike Slw, " There are some grand Buddhist tejapiss at Peking; but the"most interesting object there is the famous 'Altar of Heaven,1 where, for at least three thousand years, tlie lSmperors of China, the lords of one-fourth j of tlie human race, have once a year offered a burnt sacrifice to the One God of I Heaven—with rites like those observed by Abraham in the wilderness. This is the Holy of Holies of China, and admission to it is a rare honour. The last permission given, before my vi6it, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled park as large as Hyde\x=req-\ park, and • 'with groves of immemorial trees, beneath -which roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacrifices; and in the middle of this part a collosal structure of -white marble, rising on terraces with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on -which the Emperor o£ China, annually, at the winter solstice—as the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains— offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion— the only 'established' religion (so to speak) in China—is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A China- j j man may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, ! just as an Englishman may be a Wesleyan ! or a Romanist. But, as I have said, tliese j are not ' established' religions in the Eng- | lisli sense." | In his brief intervals of holiday Sir1 George managed to see a good deal of Italy, I -where, he tells lis, Mr. Gladstone is regarded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which the Americans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make liim an ardent supporter of Imperial Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane\x=req-\ Poole has very adequately performed his taslc, ami has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest.— Literary World. 