l Courting of DM 8Md N < b Br RUDYARD K3PMNG. (Qmb'nuri f rom Ko. es.y " DID I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine ? " _ _ T 1 dissembled a burning aimety that 1 had felt for some monthB—ever since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for me, moving in a barren land where washing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. '' Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction ? " The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many episodes in Mul valley's chequered career. " Before—before—longbefore, was that business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. Never woman was the worse for me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to tape all tilings in place—barrin' the dbrink, that kapea me in my place wid no hope av comin' to be anght else." Begin at the beginning," I insisted. " Mrs." Mulvaney told me that you married her when you were quartered in Krah Bokhar barracks."' "An' the same is a cess-pit," said Mulvaney. piously. " She spoke thrue, did Dinah'. 'Twas this way. Talkin' av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr I preserved the silence of the damned. Mulvanev continued— " Thin l will assume that ye have not. did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans't tould you, I was a man that filledthe eye an' delighted the sowl ar women. Never man was hated as I have bin. Never man was loved as I— nn. not within half a day's march av ut! For the first five years av my service, whin 1 ™ wli.it I wud give my sowl to be now, 1 tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut—an' that's more than most men tan say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did i:ic nn lurm. By the hollow av liiven, I cud play wid four woman at wanst, an l:a]ie tliem from findin'out anythin' about . the other throe, an'smile like a full-blown marigold through ut all. Dick Coullian, av the lattery, we'll have down on us tomtit, could "drive his team no better than 1 mine, an' 1 liild the worser cattle ! An S" 1 lived, an' so 1 was happy till afther that lmsiness wid Annie Bragin—she that t:irned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an taught inc whore I stud in the mind av ail honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to tike. "Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk llimight to my reg'mental work; conceiting inesilf I wud study an' be a sargint rfn a major- sjinend twenty minutes afther that, lint on top ov av my ambitiouslicss there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion :iv mesilf cud not fill b ut. Sezl to mesilf: ' Terence, you're a pfeat man an' the best set up in the rcg'- iiieiit. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me, 'vliat for!' Sez I to mesilf: 'For the <;lory have ut!' Sez mesilf to me: 'Will that fill these two strung arrums av yours, Terence?' 'Go t" the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me. " Tis the same tiling,' sez I to mesilf. 'Av you're the same man, ut is,' said Riesilf to nie ; an' wid that I considhered '•n ut a long wliile. Did you iver feel that way, sorr ?" I snored gently, knowing that if Mulv.'.ni v were uninterrupted lie would go on. The clamour of the bivouac fires beat "I 1 the stars as the rival singCTS of ;he companies were pitted against each other. " So 1 felt that way, an' a bad time ut v.-as. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married luies more for the sake av spakin in ourould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a <"rp'ril then—rejuced aftlierwards, but a '•oip'ril then. I've a pliotograft av mesilf h to prove ut. ' Youll take a cup av tay, B vnd us?' sez he. 'I will that,' I eez, ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' 1 ) Twud be better for you if ut were, t fez ould Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know for Shadd, in the ipd ftVIds service, dlirunk bung full each night.' , " Wid that 1 tuk off my gloves—theres «as pipe-clay in thim, so that they stood alone—an' pulled up my chair, lookin round at the china oraaiuints an' bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. They were things tJiat belonged to a man, ail iw camp kit, here to- day an' dishipated nrat. ' You're comfortable this pl^e, wrgint,' says I. ' 'Tis the wife that did u t . boy,' sez he, pointin' the stem av his Pipe to ould Mother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av his bald head upon the compliment. ' That wanes you wants money,' sez she. "An' tliin—an' tldn, whin the JatUe to he filled, Dinah catae in—my Dinali—her sleeves rowled up to the elbow an' her hair ina gowlden-glory over her forehead, the big blue eyes beneath twinklii-.' like stars on a frosty night an the tread av her two feet tighter Aim *aste-paper from the isclondita^fc; ord'ly room whin at's emptiea. hutasliUp av a "girl she'went pint at wein' me, an* I tsosted me mouBta<&e; en at a picture forninst the wail- show a woman that ye care a snap a finger for her, an* begad she'll come to your boot-heels." "1 suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till -Everybody in.the married quarters latighed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. " If yon read the Soldier's Pocket Book, wliieh niver any soldier -reads, youll see that there are exceptions. Whin'Dinah was out av the door (an* 'twas as tho' the sunlight had gone too)—'Mother av hiven' sergint,' says I, but is thatyour daughter i ' ' Ive believed th&t; way these eighteen years,' saysonldShadd,his«yestwinklin', 'but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion likeiv'iy other woman.'. *?35s wid yours this time, for a mericle,' eez Mother Shadd. _ * Thin why in tho name-of fortune did I niver see her before f'sezL ' Bekase you've been tJirapesm' roundwidthe married women those three years past. She was a bit-av a child till last y ear, an' she shot up wid the spring,' sez- ould Mother Shadd, • IH thrapese iio more,' sez L . 'D'you mane that?' ees otdd Mother Shadd, lookin' at me sido-waya like a hen looks at a hawk when the chickens ate runnin free. "Try mc, an' tell,' sez 1. Wid that I pulled jay rioves, dhrankoffthe tea, an went ouiavThe house'as staff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av my back out av the scullery window. Faith 1 that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av the spurs to jingle wint out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thiukiu', but ut all came round to that shlip av a giri in the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the D syarldl m them. Thin 1 kept off canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthere or d near by on the chanst av meetin'Dinah. (l Did I meet her 2 Oh, my. time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as hig as I my valise, an' my heart goin' like a kIucb farrier's forge on a Saturday morning 1 ^ Twas 'Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' 'Good day t'you, corp'ril.' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud lia' broken betune fingeran thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed ' me my shirt. " Yc may laugh,' grunted Mulvaney. But I'm speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you tliat are in fault. Dinah was a giri that that would ha' taken the impenousness out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an the eyes av tho mornin' she had. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never ' aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. ^ Twas after three weeks staudin oil on All' niver mftkin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a UttJe drummer- oy grinned in me face whin I liad admonished him wid the buckle av my belt t for riotin' all over the place. An 1 in s not the only wan that doesut kape to barricks,' sez lie. I tuk him by the scruff av his neck—my heart was hung on a liair-thrigger those days, you well understand-an' 'Out wid i.t'sez I,_ or ru lave no bone av you unbreakable. fepeak. to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. ' Dempsey whichV sez I, 'Ye unwashed limb of Satin.' * Of the Dob-tailed Dhragoons, sez be. ' He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four tunes this fortnight.' ' Child V sezIdhropping him 'Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. 1 m sorry 1 dliresscd you down. 'At that I went four ways to -iranSt liuntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'iy man not fit to trust on a mulethrunk. Presintiy I found him in our lines—the Bobtails was quartered next us an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule he was wid his big brass spurs an is plastrons on his epigastons an all. ut he niver flinched a hair. '"A word wid you, pempsey, sez 1. You've walked with Dinah Shadd four imes this fortnight gone.' " * What's that to,you % sez lie. 111 walk forty times more, an' forty on top av Sit, yeThovel-futted,.clod-biaJau' wf^nhe had his gloved fist home on my Seek, an' down I went foU sniawl. Will • that content you ? Szli^blowin' on his knacHes for rtI the world like »Scots Greys «fcer Contint 1'sezl. ' For your own sike, man, take off your spurs—peel your jacket an glove. Tis the beginnin. av the overtare • stand up!'' . • " "He stud all lie know; but he niver neeled his iackct, an' hjs shoulders had ^foir idav 1 Tvas fightin for Dinah sLMan.'atcutb tt^ychee^. What wV had he fominBt me ? 'Stand up,' J^ I toe ani ^gaia wlim he was beginpin' t» ^narter fli6-«rouad-<«i high air' "" 3nrOT school;* "JgW* ii v i r v < ti„i„ _„ collar-bone's bruk,' ^zhe. 'Help me back to lines. M walk wid her no more. So 1 helped mm back. J " And was his collar-bone broken f IJ asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd I could neatly accomplish that terrible I throw. J t "He pitched on his left shoulder-point. I It was. Kext day the news was in both 1 r barracks,-an'whin I met Dinah Shadd. t wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal taUors' » 75,„.„_;_• I samples there was no ' Good r^irnn, co^'ril,' or aught eke. An what have I done, Miss Shadd, sez I, very bould, ^ plantan* mesilf fominst her, 'that ye j should not pass the time of day ?' 1 ' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Dempsey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' I Qp, I " ' May be,' sez I. * Was he friend av | TOUTS that saw. ye home four times in a 1 i ^rl":' • _„_ v ut W ^ f * ; Z L Z r "Lmouth was down at the corners. An — an whats that to you r ,. 1 Ask Dempsey, sez I, purtendin to go away. I " «Did,you fight for me then, ye silly 1 1 ? * she sez, tho' she knew ut all along. " * Who else ? ' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. I wasn't worth ut,' sez die", fingerin' in her apron. I " 'That's for me to say,' sez L Shall I eay ut ?' " _ ! " 'Yes,' sez she in a saints whisper, an' at that I explained mesilf ; and shn | tould me what ivry man that is a man an' many that is a woman, hears wans 1 ; in his life. . , "'Butwhat made ye ciy at startin, inah darlin' V sez I. "'Your—your bloody clieek,' sez she, uckin' her little head down on my sash I was duty for the day) an' whimperin" ike a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first iss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but kissed her on the tip av the nose an ndher the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss ome tumble-ways like that has never een kissed before. Take note of thav, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MotherShadd like two little cliildher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ouia Shadd nodded behind Ms pipe, an* Dinah ran away to her own room. That day I tlirod on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to liould me. Begad, I cud ha picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnificent I _«ras. But 1 tuk recruiti es at squad-drill, an' began with general battalion advance whin 1 shud ha' been balance-steppln' em. Eyah 1 that dav! that day 1" A very long pause. "Weil?" said I. "It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure I know that ev'iy bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, he half av three pints—not enough to turn tho hair of a man in his natural enses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen beer was so much whisky tome. I can't tollhow it came about, but bekaze I had no thought for anywan except Dmah, bekax I hadn't slipped her little white arms from- my- neck -five • minutes, bekaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I ."lust go through the married lines or my way to quarters an' I must stay tallrin' to a redheaded Mullengar heifer ava girl, Judy Sheehy,. that was daughter to Mother . Shechy, the wife, of Nick Sheehy, the canteen- sergint—the b^k curse av Sluelygh be on the whole brood that I above groun' this day ! j (To be continued.) « JUJ* SHIS, WHIM •MN IOTTEE WAS TO B E I O U D , DINAH CAME I N — M T DINAH. 