Hampton Court. ITS HISTORY AND BOMA2TCES. With the exception of Windsor, there is in England no such historical relic ae Hampton Court Palace. From the time when the Knights Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem held a Fre ceptory at Hampton Conrt to the days of George III., there are memorials accessible in sufficiency for the reconstruction of .those historical in .fi.ipTit.g which ffive vivid interest to the sur rouadings. With Wolsey's courts and the rem nants of his chambers we associate the proud Cardinal in his days of splendour. The vain glorious state there held under his rule contrasts ^?ith his fallen greatness when the ambitious Minister departed — broken-hearted, shorn of his dignities and his revenues — from the sumptuous Palace he had reared to please his overwhelm ing love ex ostentation. There Henry VIII. courted liiE successive wives, and planned his own simple methods of supplanting them. Edward VI. was born there, and it was at Hampton Court that the aspiring Protector, Somerset, met with his over throw. = Philip and Mary there spent their honey moon, and the disappointed Queen's hopes of an heir were there brought to naught. Elizabeth's history is closely connected with the palace. It ?was there she arrived as a prisoner, to be judged by her sister, the Queen ; hither, too, came suitors for the hand of the Princess/ 'whose suits were not destined to prosper; the fate of Mary Queen of Scots was decided at the com ijiibsion held therein. JameB I. and h Queen, Anne of Denmark, there hej high state, with courtly masques, revels, and hunting parties ; and it was here that Prince Charles's matrimonial negotiations with the Infanta of Spain reeeived their quietus. Hampton Court was no blissful abode for Charles I ; he there quarrelled with and dismissed Henri etta Maria's French suite; thither he came later on, daring the misfortunes which Had 'over- thrown the IJoyal cause, . the mere prisoner of the men he had taken up arms to crush, and from thence he was ill-advised enough to make that escape which finally led him to the scaffold. Then caine the Commonwealth, with Hampton Court, happily reprieved from being sold, reserved ultimately as the family residence of my Lord Protector ; there lived Oliver Crom vrell, as regards his peace of mind hardly more fortunate than his Royal predecessor; harassed with plots and threatened with assassination; there'did old friends forsake him, and stern Puritans preach against the Protector, till Cromwell fell sick and went thence to die. Under his son Eichard's brief tenure, the Palace was again to be sold, but lo, it was, instead, refurnished to make way for the s^ay doings of the Restoration, for the Merry Alonarch and his following of reprobates. There had Catherine of Braganza her unhappy honey moon ; there flaunted the king's mistresses, and made the life of the young Queen a bondage of misery to he: self; thither for security of .health came Charles II. and his disreputable court to seek safety during the ravages of the plague, and there was unravelled the Eye House Plot. With the Eevolution, the fii^iit of James II., and the arrival and settlement of William m., arose fresh glories for Hampton Court ; the Palace to be transmogrified according to the taste of the day, and the grounds to be made as much as possible a reminder of the environs of William of Orange's beloved Dutch palace ; there we find William delighting in his gardens, his sober pleasures, and Queen Mary in her bower at needlework with her maids. After the Queen's death was the abortive plot formed to seiza the Orange King on his way from Hampton Court and tranship him to France. It was in Hamp ton Park that William's horse, Sorrel, tripped over a molo hole, fell down on his knees, throw ing his rider, and breaking the monarch's collar bone, which, though reset at Hainptoii Court Palace, w-is the cause of Nassau's end. There too did gentle Anna ' s«metiines counsel take and sometimes tea,' her weak mind worried by the scheming of favorites, and surrounded by the deep intriguers of her day, who wished for nothing better than f/i bring- back the Pretender to her throno. TJiirher, too, resorted the Georgian sovereigns, emulating Tudor and Stuartmonaiohs; there George II. courted Mrs. Howard and Kary BeJlenden, and galloped about with the ladies in-waiting. Truly a palace peopled with phan tcraa of historical personages. Nor is traditional lore lacking, as beseems so ancient and time honorod a fabric ; there are legendary prophecies, of carious character, prognostications which might be held to have been iulfilled, if only their origin had the desirable qualification of being sufficiently authenticated .to merit the cre dence oi later generations. The prophecies are necessary apocryphal, but do not lack ingenuity. One of these is alleged to date back to the epoch oi the evil days which befel the founder of Hamilton Court Palace. The Prior of Esher's prophecy when the Cardinal left the great gate way at Esher for York, the last journey Wolsey took there : From Christ ore seventeen hundred years be sped, 'Whitehall eball see her Monarch loso his head; And Cardinal, thine own Hampton's Boyal towers Shall puss dueo times to throe usnrping' powers, Well ruled by fate, thy five broad courts were planned, FiTe types by five sad -iges of command. Another forecast, equa»/y unauthenticated -with its predecessor, is called ' The Chaplain's Pro phecy,' and especially concerned itself with General Monk and his share in the Restoration. This was fancifully attributed to the last Catholic Chaplain of Hampton Court. Father Prout, Queen Mary's e«nfess«r, finally dismissed by Queen Elizabeth, when she inherited the Crown : — From tb.' Hospitaller's stone-cased cell, Prayers roae to Heaven 'gainst Satan's spell, Anrt Heaven approving loved them well. And prisons down, and Knights o'erthrown, This gorgeous palace still shall own A Mcnk to raise the shattered Throne. From prophecies to wraiths is an easy transac tion ; possibly ii lends an additional interest to the palace in the eyes of believers in the super natural that the ancient rooms and passages are credited with' the extra charm of historical ghosts. Henry VIII. certainly must be allowed the credit of being the right sort of monarch to raise phantoms, and it is hardly a. matter for sur prise that evidence has at times been given to the lumor thar the perturbed spirits of certain of his victims have taunted the scenes of their former habitations. For instance, there is the legend that Lady Jane Seymour, whose indulgence for the Prince proved fatal to Annie Boleyn, has been seen in spectral form, clad in white, and bearing a lighted taper in her hand, performing- a pilgrimage in the Queen's old apartments. The unhappy Queen Catherine So ward — who, after her doom .had been settled, was dragged away by the guards at' the moment she vainly sought to reach her hus band, conveniently absorbed in his devotions in the Eoyai closet of the Chapel — it has been asserted still haunts the scene of this tragic episode; a spectral form clad in white, her countenance expressing ghastly despair, approaching the door of the Boyal pew, and hurrying thence, giving utterance to un earthly shrieks, which have made night terrible. Another supernatural visitant is the alleged ghost of Mrs. Penn, nurse to Edward VI. This lady's bones having been disturbed, her spirit is reported to have haunted the rooms she in life occupied, there to work her spinning-wheel, a terror ta beholders, her tall form clad in a long grey robe, and. on her head a hood. Later alleged spiritual appearances pertain to the Stuart epoch. For instance, it is related that in the corridors the ghost of Lord Strafford appeared to Monk (then Colonel) and Charles I., prophesying that' Mont was the one destined to raise the son of the doomed King, whose fate was thus foreshadowed. The spectre of Straff or d must be regarded as the family wraith of the Stuarts, since, on equally un substantial grounds, it is said that a short lime before tke death «f Charles II. the ghost con fronted the Merry Monarch, -who thenceforth was merry no more, in the corridor adjoining the Chapel. After this apparition th« King's demea nor altered, and within a brief period he had the apepleclic seizure which terminated his career. Cf such nature are the fanciful traditions which, from time to time, have been associated with ? Hampton Court, wherein fiction runs sido by side with sober history. The palace and grounds are a lasting evidence of Wolsey's greatness, wealth, and splendor. In the arrangement of his palace the Cardinal showed his universal genius. With i princsly magnificence he here entertained his Sovereign, princes, and ambassadors during the meridian of his glory. The. splendid surround ings, which the Cardinal had raised for Ma personal glorification, had possibly their influence in precipitating his fall.' Wolsey's diplomatic generosity in surrendering that which it was both dangerous; and hopeless to endeavor to retain, is bounded on the popular tra dition that when the king, with unmistat able signs of jealousy and displeasure, demanded 'Why he had built ss magnificent a house for himself as Hampton Court?' Wolsey adroitly replied, ' T© show how noble a palace a subject may offer to his Sovereign.' The king at once accepted the offer, and tbe lease of the manor of i Hampton Court was surrendered into his hands, j With the palace was included all its costly furni ture, tapestries, and plate — forming assuredly the most magnificent gift ever made by a subject to his sovereign. Henry's tenure of the palace was marked by fresh splendors ; new buildings were raised, the galleries redecorated, and everything done to make the buildings and gardens suitable to the Eoyal taste for magnificence. At Hampton Court the King determined upon divorcing Queen -Catherine ef Arragon, and summoned there, in 1530, an assembly of clergy and lawyers, inclu ding the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord Chancellor, 'to ascertain whether, in virtue of the privilege possessed by this kingdom, Parlia ment could and would enact that, notwithstand ing the Pope's prohibition, this cause of the divorce should be decided by the Archbishop of 'anterbury.' Meanwhile Anne Boleyn was di alled in a suite of apartments* superbly rnished for her accommodation, and was signed a ' retinue of attendants, while ic Koyal lover presented his favorite with costly jewels, and spent large sums upon the becoming adornment of 'his awne darling.' With Lady Anne at This period the King passed a great part of his time — riding out with her, playing, at bowJs, shooting at the target, walking in the park, and strolling iil the gardens. — Joseph Grego in the Gbaphic. 