A Si berian. T ragedy. . BY geoitaii mooiuj. Mmo. Ardloff was a elcuder, blondo-bahcd Ittilo ' Fariaienco.-.who onoo used to dauco lightly iu tho bnll iooum of the Champs- Eyflis. and chatter gaily of tfiofhiugsof tho boulevard; bitt eho now no longer felt interest in -any vuing.- I'aus was to nor a vanished' dream, S b.'iia an uuobanging reality. Nine niouUis out of every year of blank, mournful unoivo,' white silence, oxtcud- ing from hoiizou to horizon ; thou a briof rc.-piiu, whon tho fields caught flower, und colur ru&hcd; through every valley uud ovur every hill, and innumcrclilo iuccctu buzzed ia tho green underwood of Ibo Bleppou--&uch; iu Sibeiin. Sho had married Count Ardloff, tho Governor of Tobolsk, to eavo her father from ruhifbut this child oltho asphalt thrived but poorly in tho deuort, uud her husband eaw, and with fierce auger, that Bbo could not en dure her prcRont life ; saw thoro was nothing ia comuiou between them but tho chain ol mariiftgo by which ho bold her. 11 Boratch tho Russian and you will find tho Tartar." Nothiug onn bo more trao. Friinitivo raoco can but apo tho aentiments aud rufinoincntH of fooling whioh make bear- alio our lives, and Count Ardloff conld not pass the gulf-— tlio impaonablo gull— tbo gull mado b/ ocnturicii cf civilisation which lay botween him and his wife. Ho conld hold her to hiii bosom, but oven tben she seemed nearer to Youca, a young Folish officer, than him. And yet no friendship could bo purer; (hoy were merely exiles who talked of their distant home, their lort friends, and their ab&udoucd; dreams. But fiuch cantimento aro little undarotnod in Hibcria, and ugly littlo rumors concerning Mmi'. Ardloff and young Vancahad begun to be whimpered— tho end of a pliraso hissed slightly and a concluding smilo turned some what serpent-wise— that was all. Count Ardloff watohed and waited, as sus picious and fierce ao a wild oat. He was a man about fifty ; bis beard was strong and grAy, and ho stood like a Hercules. Fivo years passed in Paris had lent him a disguise wbieb, in bio ordinary r-ioods, per fectly enabled bitn to hide his Tartar charac ter, and when she married him, tho bright French girl littlo thought that a few glasses of champagne cr a slight contradiction would transform the elegant gentleman on whc&o; arm tho loaned Juto a savago ('oaaaok. Now a fierce gleam ohot from his oyes ns they fell upon his wife, who, lying back in hor easy-chair, sat languidly listening to Vanca'e cloar voice. It mattered not to thu count what they were saying. Ho did not stay to consider whether thoy were planning an elopement or talking ot the emperor. Ho merely haled her for appearing to bo 00 in- tiniato with ono ot his otficcrs, Ska belonged o him ; eho was his property— a property ho liiid flflfiniinl hrnmirn ft Itml nWrril hiin tn do so. \Yhat, then, did sho mean by think ing of or concerning horccl! about anyone cleof Tiioso wera tho count's thoughts as ho took tbo cards that had been handed to htm and shuffled thom through his strong fingers. Same eight or n dor.on gentlemen in tbo uni form of tho ItusBiait Army were grouped nrcund him, a lady eat at tbo piano, aud couplos wera Fcated under ibo greenery of tho exotic plants with which tho recesses ol tho room v/crc filled. Thoro v/r.s not much conversation, tho interest cf tho company b&iog; apparently centred in tbo count. Every now aud then eomoono parsed acrois tho room, and, after watching the cards for a few minutes, would cringingiy murmur boiuo words of aduUation. Every phraso began or ended with ' Your ezcolleuay," and waa rounded off with a bow.: But (ho aount paid very little attention to his 'flatterers. When ho h>.d finished deal-- ing, 03 ho throw down (ho luLt card, be glanced again iu tbo direction wbero bis wife was sitting. As eholistoned (0 tbo young Polo, her atti tude grow moro and moro abandoned. He spoko to hor of hor past file, of a lost lovo ; end the acceuts of regret with which he nar rated his experiences reminded her of how she bad suffered similar deceptions ; of how her aspirations and glad visions had, liko bis, perished. They spoko of tlioea sad, eternal truths whioh each pair of lovers fnnoy thoy Alone havedlioovorod, but wbioh.havo movod all past generations, as .tbry will doubtless move all tboso whioh nvo oomir.g to birth, till man's soul has ocuscd to bo what it U. So absorbed wero Yacoa and Mme. Ardloff in tho oontomplation ot tho past, that thoy wera omy so muoa cousmuua ui uaoa ovuer as eaob. helped tho other to realise their separate lives. Tho outer world had faded from them, aud in tho insinuating emotion which draw them together olio leaned her hands over tho edgo of tho chair, and, follow ing tho .movement instinctively, ho took up tho glovo eho had laid down aud played with it. . . \- At this sigh of intimacy, the count's oyes flashed vindictively, and ho . called to his wife, jmpationtl/: / ''Mane, will you order eomo ohnm- pftgno?'' . Without answering, sho told Vonca to ring tbo bell, lnstaolly rising, ho oomplicd with hor request, and then, forgottiog bo had not retarded tho acuntcss her glovo, etoppod to spoak to ti. friend. His friend tried to warn him with a.'looki but, beforo a word aoulil bo said, tho Pols had! walked 'across Bio room, still twirling tho fatal glovo in his fingers. . V ' ; _ . . Ha did this with a oortaia uonub&lauec; that would have angered a better-tempered man than- Count - Ardloff. A. grhn ccowl passed aorofis his faoo, and ho ..whimpered somotbiug to an alde-do-camp, who stood uoarliim. Tho 'officer Ioft thb room. It wae a terriblo moment, full of consterna tion and siIeno2; but before tho unforfunnto Polo bad timoio realise his danger tjyo Coo- sack soldiers entered thb op&ttmont.; Tlio oompany. gavo way beforo them, withdrawing into' groups nod lines. " Yanaa had bis back turncu 10 lucro, onu.no etui wrappca luc fatal glovo round aud rouud hia fiogors. Ho stood as if lost iu xovcrie, ooanniug a marblo bust of tlio oountcsH, . At last tbo stillness of tho room- awoko him, and, a3 tho CusBaoks wore about to seize him, ha turned. His frightened eyed met theirs; ho started baok preoipUntr-ly, but, with & quiet movement, tbo soldicrs laid hands upon him. Ia a low voico tho alde-do- camp B&id; : " You aro orrcatod by order 'of bis excel lency." Dazed and bewildered, Vanoa pushed the soldiers from hiru, and, strutohing forth' his bunds, appealed to tho count. , " How id thisj your oxcellcnoy ?" ho oricd, wildly; "I am guilty of nothing. There must bo somo mifltako." . Count Ardloff. stood broad, taH and vin dictive, v/itb tho light of luatro shining full on his bigb, bald forehead; and iron-gray beard conosalod tho lower part of lils cqunro faco. Yauoa nricd ono moro word of appeal, and then stopped, puzzled. Mmo. Ardloff nroso, polo and trembling, but hor husband motioned her away. . Tha guests remained in rows, still as tho figures of a friezo, aud, at a sign from , tha eifiocr, with a movnmcntof nhoulders, tuo OoisookB forced thu Polo from the room. Tho soeco was very choit Immediately after, tho count spoko of in- d:ff-drcnt things, and planers of obampagno wtro hai.dcd round. Mmo. Ardloff otnred vacantly, unable io collect her thoughts ; till, s'uddonly scuiug tho glove which Vanoa-had dropped, tho roa of his arrest dawned upon her, and nlio trembled violently, and so agitated was sho that sho could soarcoly say good-byo to her guests. Tho count, how- ovri'i dismissed thom rapidly, speaking ull tho while of tho approaching summer, tho numbe.r of convicts, that hadesoapedfromtho piioss, and the omporor, Wbou husband ami wifo worn aiunc, tho eount ptoked up the glovo one handed it to tha oouuless, wiih an irouuml snide, and, without alluding to what bad happened, said that it was very late, und advised her to re- tiro to her rooro. 8ho oboyed without nnnwering. tl'uo knew somelhing horrible was going to happen, nud, stupifird with « four, sho mounted the stuircas.'. Ho stayrd bohiud to givo an order, and, mastering hor fears; sho listened. He was talking in tbo hall below to his aido de-oarop, and eho heard him say that Yanca i%usc bo at ouoo degraded to tho ranks, and her heart boat with jiy at the piospcot of his ctcnpir.g with so slight a punishmout; Iler emotion was so great that uho did not eatob tbo next phrfise, oad when she heard again, her husband wuu telling his officer to havo all in rcadinoes, that ho would bo nt the bAtracko at niuo next morn ing. ' » Thoro was.somolbiog straogo in this, and Mmo. Ardloff wont trembling to her room. Tho shadows seemed livid and- the lamp burned luridly, and upprcesed with thu hor rors of tho evening, eho eat in tbo Bilcncs, alraid to go to bed.. Through (ho frozsu window-panes sho could sco glistening tho wido snows cf tbo Siberian wintor. Wearily sho naked herself v/hy ebo had been condemned to Jlvu in Iheso impa8&ablo; deserts. Tho howl of a dog broke tbc stillness of tho night, ami it rounded in her excited mind liko tlio last dying cry of somo poor ouo uojiKily dano to dealli. AYhst was to become of Yucca? Why could not sho save him 7 Savo him I Was there need for thai ? SfcrtiEg to her feet, eho otrove by an effort of will to rid humlf of her terrors. Thou, shaking with forebodings and rigrciH, eho undressed; but n hundred fancies assailed her imagination and gavo life to tlio figures on tlio tapestry, to the shadows on the floor, and, white, lilo a ghost in n tooth, sho lay rcBtlesa in her large bed. Bleep fled from her, until at last nbo fell into n deep, dreamless torpor, from whioh, toward morning, eho was awakened by a heavy tramping of feet in the corridor. A moment after her husband entered, llo was attired iu tbo liiHsisn military cloak, and bia hand was on bis Bword. " Get up," ho said, impatiently ; 11 1 wast you (0 como oat with uio. I havo ordered tho sledge." "Why should I get op at (his hour? It Is only juet daylight, and I am very tired," "I am sorry you aro so fired, but I want you to come io tho barrack?." llimembciing (ho order fho had henrd given over night, Mme. Ardlcfl turned pels at the mention o! tho word barracks. Twenty limes sho felt an iadefioito desire ricing up within hor to throw lurrclfintu hie firm -.aud beg of him to bo merciful ; but ho looked eo impijoxblo that ber courago died nw&y;, and uho feared that any interest sho might bhow for Yanca would only ctill further prcjuuica biu chances of orexpr. Wrapping her loug, bhio fox fur maullo around hor. flho told him nhi> wnu Yin looked to boo if ehu bod forgotten anything, llor handkerchief lay on thu table, and as ho handed it to her his atteution was attracted by Jhuon de set volatile. " We may want this," ho said, and slipped it inlo her pocket. " What do yoa mean?" alio said, turn- ing ouddenly ; " aro you going to ruurdcr maf "To murder yon I" he replied, laughing cynically ; " what noneeneo !" And lmlf pushing hex hoforo him, they do- occndod tbo etairoace. SSia tried several times to resist him, but ho got hor into the flledgo. - " To tho barracks," I10 ocicd to tbo ooaoh- man, ao lio sat down bceido his wife and arranged tbo rugs. During tho diivo nolthcr cpoko ii (word. His foes was olouded- in a nort of sullon moodiness, and terrified eho looked down tho dnzzliog pcrspcolivos ot llto outlying streets. Tho barraoks were situated at.tho end of the eastern nubutb. Tho horses cantered briskly, nnd soon a largo bulldiug appented. It stood alono | all round stretched tho whitu oxpanso of tho Dteppes ; and Uib elcdgo pnsscd a largo ' gateway into tbabarraok-eqaarc, which bud- been olearr.d of enow, TI10 oflle'er who was waiting to receive ihem helped tho count to dosoond. Mmo. Ardloff wno told to romr.in eoated. Immediately after, a trumpeter blow a call and a file of men marched to within a few yards of tha sledgo and formed thomselvcs into a double line, " Front rank, quick inaroK," cried tbo oifiosr. When they had goqo eight paces; ho orivd,' " Haiti" and then gavo Iuo order, "Rightabout turn," yuuub was men jcu louu. no waiuea ue- twsen two soldiers. Ho was naked to tho .waist, .aud behind him oainotho oxcouliontr. Ho carried io his hand a barbarous knout, and over his shoulder dangled its sovcuctuol lashes.:. . . ; . . " Iu lluflaia anofiiocrof thb army cannot bo flogged, 'but ho oan bo degraded to tho ranks iu. twenty-four hours, This io what happened in tho present oqeo. Vunca was no.iv A common soldier,, aud 'was waiting to. receivo tbo fifty la&hco; to whioh ho Had ; been Qontonced." . And tho fashion ol administering tho knout m Russia is as follows : Tho condemned man is foroed to walk between two files of soldiers; beforo htm, holding a sword poiutedat Mo breast, io An officer, who stepo bsokwsrd with a slow and prcoisopaco, which regulatos the strokes whioh. the oxeoutioncr admiuiBters. So terriblo ' aro tbo loaded thongs, armed at tho end .with sharp iron hooks, that at tho tenth or eloventh blow ev4n tho most robust fall fainting to tho ground. Sometime!', however, tho execu tioner Is merciful und kills tbo victim out right; but. more often ho ie forbidden to otriko with his full forco, and tho mangled being is carried to a horpital and cured of his wounds ; nnd this. is ropeated Until bo baa received his full punishment. Suoh 20 Russia— and for Yanaa nil was now prepared; tho soldiers stood ia a line,; tho exroationcr twirled his lushes,, duly an otfiocr to lead! tho way remained to /bo appoioieu. it was ior uouni uraion to do this. . "Hp looked around; thoro were half-a-dozeu men standing- around biro, any -ol whom' mSglithnvo 'boea ohoson. Ai ho glanacd from ono to tho otbur, -hie attofltioii' waa attracted by a mail who from a doorway.ot tho other end of the barrack-yard, was eagerly wdtohing; "Who is that man?" asked the aount. Tlio man was oallod. lt was Yanoa's brother., l What ore you -waiting about the doorway for ?" " I was waiting to sco if'yout exoollenoy would pardon my. poor brother," replied the Polo. "'J " Pardon your poorbrother," said Count Ardlcff with a bitter ancer "I wilUhowyou how I pardon.: Dfawyour Sword aud lead tho .way, and tako oaro yoif don't walk too fast." ' Aftor one deep, questioning look, which told bim. that thu ltuBBian , meant to bo obryod, holiroko liiii sword across hie knee, and euid, ab ho hurled tho pieces scornfully aoido : " Do with mo as you will, hut I will not servo a country inhabited by barbarians nud governed by fiends,". Evon tho Gosaaoko oxolmngod glanocs of sympathy, and bad they knowu tho whole truth, it was not impropablo that they mighthavo revolted. Sulfico to say, that for a moment Mmo. Ardloff feared for her bus- baml'o safety. But hie floroo brutality dominated bia soldicra, and the elder Vauca wno rauuaclod and a hoavy guard plaued over hiro. Tbo Boono that then prosonted i tee If was this : Two filca of soldiers, Count Ardloff commanding, stern and implacable; ouo brother half naked and blooding, tho other in iroua ; a palo womnn with agony written in bor faoo, wrapped up in furs, and a pair of horse munching in their noBo bogo, ua- oonroious of auht eUe. Theofheer took another slcptmok; tho acveu tbongH whirled in thu air, and aguin toro into red furrowe tho Liacratcd flesh. As Vnuoa staggered forward, his face convulsed with pain, bia oyes fixed ou Mmo. Ardloff, und they ufched; with a terrible eloquence, " Oh, why didyoubdtray mo 7" - Her arms wore uiaeped, and in her emotiouc having lost all power of utterance, sho strove to Bend forth kcr soul to tell him of how in- nooeut she was. Then another blow full, and tho blood squirted horribly, and tbo flesh bunj ragged. It was sickening, aud from sheer horror And nausea Mine. Ardloff fainted. But it was hor husband's intention that she thould aituues, to tho end, tho re venge ho bud so carefully prepared, uhd diving his hand inlo the pocket of her roautlo; ho produced tho botlla ol set volatile. With -this he quickly restored her to con- sciousncea, and thcu aba hi aid him saying : " Awnko, awake, for I with you to see how I punish tho&owbo; insult uic." Y.inca had now received nino strokes. Ho was but a raw mncs of quivcriag floth. Hope- lore and faintly, liko ono in a nightmare, Mmo. Ardlrff 6trovo to speak, until at ln«t tho words long denied her roEO to hcr.lipa, but thoy oamo too late, and, mad with pxiu, tho tortured man, with a whirling, iog motion, prcoipitated himself on to tho drawu sword, and fell ou to the ground a corpse. This was unexpected. Thero wcro burrie words, and a trampling of feet, and a deep silcccOfbut Mme. Ardloff remembered littlo. The imprcoations tho elder brother hurled after h«ros sho woo driven away sounded dim and indiniiuot in her cars during tho long days of delirium which followed this doublu tragedy, for ou arriving , homo eho saw lier husband make out tho order for Yauao's transportation to tho mercury miucs. Bbo pleaded and prayed wildly, but llio count only smiled primly in reply to her hysterical (applications. It Rseiued lo her that tho heaven should fail to crush, that tho earth should open to receivo, so inhuman a monster. Rho raised lier hand?, eho tcreanud madly, her thoughts danced befoie her, faded and then there won a blank; and during etvsral.wccko, for her, Timo stood etilf. fifowly her senses returned to h:r; dim- through a mist, through n heavy torpor, that bold hor powerless and inert— tboy returned to her, and with them came the ghastly remembrance of n terriblo crime. Tho Kubjcot was never alluded to. The affair was huahed up ; but timo could neither blot nor tear this cruel rpngo out cf Mmo Ardloff's life, ncr only consolation was tho ctrli'.uda that eo pain was in cioro for her greater thou ibo experienced, when, years after, in a ball-room at. 6;. I'etaraburg, Count Vauos, nn old roan with long white hair, and a life's sorrow on his face, aaiti to her: " Madame, I hope you childreu aro very well," 