THE RELTJIONS OK TEE WORLD. A series oflectures under this title have been deli vert in Trinity Church. Maldon, on Sunday fellings during the months by & Rev. Hi W. Co°ke,MA., incumbent, id have/attracted a good deal of attention.! '" ^ No. VTL —(fTRISTIAHITT.—CaTHOUCISM — BEANci2—TH« LATIN CHURCH. In treatia of that Urge portion of Western Ch»tendom which did not separate itself fro7 the See of Rome at the time of the Reformation, the lecturer wished his object in doaig so to be clearly understood. He bad no fesire whatever to bring against his fellow qtholics of the Roman Obedience a railing accusation," nor had he any sympathy ihatever with those religious firebrands ^io went about the country making all kino of abominable charges against the maralijjr of priests, nuns They simply exctad the evil passions of those who, as ervants of a common master, h should stiiie to live together in peace and Po love, whilst at the same time they ministered to a most unhealthy appetite for devouring nastiness in their audiences. Roman Catholics, both priests and people were, in his opinion, in English speaking lands at any rate, just as sincere, moral, and conscientious, as members of other religious bodies, and entitled to be judged like others, by the accounts they gave of their own doctrines aud practices, and not by what their bitter enemies, often priests and nuns who had broVen their solemn vows said about them. We- Enuum m-. — —^ perfectly assured that truth would not ii the long run be injured thereby. Prejudice and passion are powerfnl for the moment, but when they have passed away are only likely to lead to indifference, or to men going over to the opposite extreme as they realise their previous folly. But more than this, not only should Roman Catholicism claim our perfect tolerance, but there was much for which we owed it a deep debt of gratitude. Even in the time of St. Paul the faith of the Roman Catholic church was spoken of throughout the whole world, and it was that steadfastness of hers to the truth, aud the position of honor which it brought to her, which helped on to her Bishop assuming that false and exaggerated authority he has so long wielded. But still her steadfastness must not be forgotten, nor left unpraised, for she preserved the faith for os. While Eastern Christendom was convulsed with heresies, Rome sever denied the faith. She has always held fast to the three great creeds which it is our privilege to possess also, although we deeply regret the additions she has mude en her own authority to the Nicene Symbol. She has never denied the Godhead of the Son or Holy Ghost, nor ceased to believe in the miracnlous, whilst Continental Protestantism bas become so honeycombed with unbelief that it has in a large measure lest its faith in the supernatural. She has maintained in unbroken succession the threefold ministry, and by marking the Holy Eucharist, her great central rite, she has kept alive a faith iu the Atonement, and taught her people that warship of the Lamb slain is the one great Christian service of divine appointment, a sacrifice to be continually pleaded on earth, as by the High Priest in the heavens. Nothing would be gained by denying all this, much by freely and gladly admitting it. Nor could any student of bistoiy ever forget the grand missionary and civilising work of the Roman Church in the world. It was she who (after the Roman Empire was overrun by fierce and savage idolaters. Goths, Vaudals, Huns, etc., destroying the old classical civilisation with its arts and learning) converted and humanised the German tribes, brought order out of chaos, protected the weak and oppressed, kept alive the sacred lamp of learning in her quiet sanctuaries, and even by means of her Benedictine Monks, taught the art of agriculture to the conquerors, and founded villages aud towns around her Monastic Houses. So too, through the middle ages Rome was oftentimes the only power who durst oppose the tyranny of kings, aud take sides with their down trodden subjects, whilst her altars were the only place of refuge for those unjustly condemned to die. Her Cistercian Monks made gardens and smiling orchards out of waste and desert places, whilst they were easy landlords, and no poor man was sent away empty from the abbey gates. Classical knowledge again would have almost perished but for the monks who jealously guarded the ancient authors in an age vheu few_ could read, and dilligently copied out their works. Borne too has been ever the munificent patron of architecture, Sculpture, ai;d_ printing, and the most divine m'jsic has been composed to enrich her solemu services. Her missionaries, such as St. Frajieis Savior, have been the most selfdenying and persevering the world bas ever seen, and their success has been great, especially in China Ceylon, and India, whilst travellers say they are doing the best wori of any now in the islands of the South Sms. Who can then affirm that the world has not in the past owed very much to the church of Rome ? and yet the old Calvinists thought Rome to be the " harlot', of the book of Revelation, and the Pope to 4 be 1 Aati-Christ. Happily the Church of England, though not blind to the faults of papacy, jet never committed herself to so absurd md uncharitable a statement, and even the Scotch Presbyterians are proposing to eliminate it from their articles of faith of which it UBed to be a most cherished one. Having now done full justice to the churches of which Rome is the head, we can OT on with a clear conscience to consider Itheir many and grevious errors both In laith and practise. This is done not fron any desire to proselytise but simply in self defence, because if Rome is right (as she claims to be) on a number of questions, then we are helplessly wrong ; our position ever since the 16th century has been a false one, and it would be our bounden duty as i church to make our submission to 4 Some without delay. 4 Schism in the body" of Christ with all its heart- burnings and weaknesses, can only be excused by real necessity, by a convictien that faithfulness to Christ requires it of us, and that souls are endangered if the union is perpetrated. In the present case we say that Rome cast us out, not that -we separated from her, except politically, and hence she is the real schismatic not w«. The following facts are indisputable, viz, that for the first ten years of Elizabeth's reign, all Englishmen whether Catholic or Protestant in their opinions, attended the services of the Church of England, were allowed by Rome to do so, and showed no aversion to the reformed worship. Indeed, we have it on the authority of Lord Coke, that Queen Elizabeth had told nim how Pius iv. had offered to accept our book of common prayer, and that he knew many nobles of the highest rank who had read and seen the Pope's letter. There can, therefore, have been nothing nncatholic or heretical in the book. When, however, Elizabeth refused to acknowledge the Pope's supremacy, then in her 11th year, 1570 A.D., .Pius V deposed and excommunicated the Queen, and declared those cursed whs yielded any obedience to her. Upon tbu -those Popishly inclined separated themselves from the National Church, and refused to assemble and join in her worship. They were not, however, thoroughly organised into a sect until the arrival of theJesnits in 1581, and the last of the Roman Bishops of England died in 1581, leaving no successors of their own faith. Thus ended the Roman Catholic episcopate in England, nor was it revived for nearly 300 years. Withitsdyiug out all connection whatever between the ancient Church of England and the new sect of Romanists in England cam* to an end. Our church remained what she had ever been, the church of the nation, with the Pope's supremacy cast-off. Oat of the nine or ten thousand clergy who had conformed to Rome under Queen Mary, only 189, or bout two per cent., refused to conform to the Book of Common Prayer. So absurd is he statement often made about one church eing abtlished and another pnt in its stead, nd the property of the one chnrch being transferred to the other. No such transfer ver took place, or could do so, because the b same body of men continued to hold the t same offices, ond receive the same emoluments under Elizabeth as under Mary. Mo c H breach of continuity whatever occurred. s Who was, therefore, responsible for toe H church which by t^ope's o wn s nhowii remained OattplwrtJl,, orthe s ItalianBisliop who desired to be a Lord c over God's heritage," we can safely leave to. the Almightv to decide ™ n Domini." It "was needful to state the cause of the last separation between the two churches, but still the mere worehippmg of historical quarrels is a barren and unprovable pursuit It is more to our present pur pose to enquire what a« tiie grounds upon which we still feel it needful to reject Rome s supremacy, along with much of her doctrine and practice. This is a large question, and we can only deal with some of its most salient points. First and foremost of course s the Roman Catholic doctrine that it is an essential condition for salvation to be in communion with the Pope of Rome, M eir and successor of S. Peter, the first c ope, and therefore Vicar of Christ and head w f the church on earth. Once grant this, C and logically all else must follow. The first t thing about this claim which strikes us is t that it is widely different to New Testament H teaching, which simply lays down " belief h in the Lord Jesus Christ" and union with Him as requisite for salvation, not even m b hinting at S. Peter in this connection. t However, the Roman doctrine in tills, as m n other matters, depends upon a series of guesses. Now guesses may be right or " " • often amusing to indulge in J :t nsible pei^uu -niii t«.iiii up them, but no sensible peiw _ __ great issues upon them, l^east of all is. it fair to put the great Eastern and Anglican churches, with the variouB Protestant bodies, outside of the pale of salvation on the strength of a guess. Yet it is little more than a guess, though a probable one, that S. Peter was ever in Rome at all. It is entirely a guess that he was ever Bishop of Rome, there being no clear witness in its favor until nearly 400 years after Christ, and that witness is contradicted by a saint of the Church, aud by another writer, directly afterwards. Again it is only a guess that S. Peter had {lower to appoint any heir to his supposed privilege, and it is also a guess that he did appoint the Bishop of Rome. For these last two guesses there is not even the smallest tittle of evidence, and yet the huge fabric of papal claims is built entirely upon them. Then for S. Matthew xvi 18 which is relied on to prove that S. Peter was the rock and foundation of the church. That interpretation is contrary to the teaching of the Catholic Fathers who agree by a great majority that either Christ himself, or S. Peter's confession by Christ, is the rock referred to. No less thau fourteen.of the fathers including saints such as Chrysostom aud Augustine, Popes such as Leo the Great and Gregory the Great, and Doctors such as Cyril, Ambrose, and Jerome, agree with us that the rock was Christ, or S. Peter's faith in Christ, and not S. Peter himself. If therefore we err, it is in very good company, and Rome by condemning ns rejects the testimony of her own prophets. Iu a similar way most of the Fathers explain the power of binding and loosing sins as being common to all the apostles. Then what about S. Peter's keys ? - Tertullian, the first Christian writer to discuss the question, says, that the privilege granted S. Peter vras of being the first to unlock the doors of the kingdom of Heaven to both Jews and Gentiles, as re Iated in the Acts of the Apostles, but that was done once for all, for the door then opened has never since been closed. The real truth of the matter is that Rome owed her supremacy in the West to a purely human arrangement, viz the fact of her being the church of the capital and mistress of the world. For this we have the authority of a general council of the whole church viz, that of Chalcedou which in its 2Sth Canon declared thus " The fathers with good reason bestowed precedency npon the chairs of Old Rome, because she teas the Imperial City. No mention is made of S. Peter all. If the supremacy of the Pope has thus no base to rest upon, his infalli bility is in a still worse case. One Pope, Liberms, subscribed to an heretical creed e whilst he anathematised S. Athanasins as a heretic. Another Pope Honorius, was condemned as an heretic by the 6th general council, and a successor of his, Gregory II. declared that Honoritis was certainly damned. The Western church, on its own authority, deposed five popes more, describing ons as a " simoniac, sorcerer, schismatic, and heretic," all of which dispositions were acknowledged as valid by the church. But if the Pope is God's vicar on earth, surely such acts were blasphemous rebellion against Him. Infallibility moreover has been useless in the past. Rot one of the great heresies was put down by it, and no Pope ever settled the Canon of scripture. When Luther asked " what is justification ?" No pope had an answer ready, and it took 25 years before the council of Trent gare a reply, Luther in the meantime being dead, and half Europe lost to the papacy. So little help is infallibility to those who trust it, but it has even been worse than usoless it has decreed error. Through Pope Urban VIIIit condemned Galileo for declaring that the Earth moved rennd the sun though every educated Roman Catholic now admits that the Pope was wrong. Again the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of B.V.M. decreed by Pius IX, was denied as heresy by Catholics (including 14 Popes) for 1000 years, and is eontrary to nearly all the fathers. Nay, even in the modern Roman church opinions were until lately divided on the question. It drove out the old Catholics who have taken up a similar position to our own, aud in " Kee nan's controversial catechism," licensed by an archbishop, and approved by four R.C. bishops of Scotland; A.D. 1853, the following question and answer occurs :—" Must not Catholics believe the Pope himself to be infallible?" "This is a Protestant invention, it is' no article of the Catholic faith. What, then, of the boast that Rome is always the same, and has taught the same faith from the beginning ? In truth, she is as modern and innovating as one of the latest Protestant sects. It is we who are the old Catholics, true disciples of the ancient fathers. Onr next charge is that Rome has made the worship of the blessed Viigin not merely equal to, but far exceeding that paid to tlie divine Son and the almighty Father. This is the pagan sin denounced by St. Paul of " worshipping and serving the creature more than the creator." Thus in the list -of festivals observed in the city of Rome there are only twenty feasts of our Lord to thirty-nine of the blessed Virgin, giving her nearly double the amount of honor paid to Him. Again, ont of the 433 public churches and chapels of Rome 121 are dedicated to St. Mary—more than four times as many as are dedicated to all the three persons of the Holy Trinity, the rest being called after various saints. This is an_ index to the character of Roman worship. Thus the popular devotion of the Rosary is as follows:—It consists of 166 beads, npon which are recited one Creed, fifteen Our Fathers, and 150 Hail . Mary's, thus offering ten times as much devotion to the B.V.M. as to Almighty God ! Another popular private devotion is called the Angelas, and is recited thrice daily, with three Hail Mary's each time, so that she is addressed in prayer.at least nine times daily— oftener, indeed,' than the Psalmist approached his God. The month of May is especially dedicated to the blessed Virgin, and is called the month of Mary, its days being chiefly occupied with devotions in her honor. In Roman Catholic countries during May special altars are set np in her honor, ana liuge images decked with flowers, &c;«, block off the view of the high altar itself, whilst- processions singing litanies throng the streets, and all this with a fervour and eagerness never displayed on festivals of our Lord. _ A few quotations from Iiguori's "Glories of Mary," a book recommended by Cardinals Wiseman and Manning, will show what is the teaching of the Roman church on this subject—" Mary is our only refoge, help, and asylum." " In Judea in ancient days there were cities of refuge, now-a-days there is but one, and that is Mary." " God, efore the birth of Mary, complained that here was no one to raise np and withhold im from chastising sinners, but that He ould find no one, for this office was reerved for our Blessed Lady, who withholds arm until He is pacified." " Often we hall be heard more quickly, and be thus preerved, if we have recourse to Mary, and all npon her name, than we should be if we called on the name of Jesus our Saviour." Many things are asked from God, and are graated; they are asked from Mary, and are obtained." " Maiy has only to speak, and her Son executes all." Whilst to us tbe very height of blasphemy seems reached by the following—" At the command of the Virgin all things obey, even God ! " These and such-like sayings make the Virgin a more powerful intercessor than her Divine Son, and thus places her actually above the Son of God, with the power of commanding the Almighty Himself. She is Queen of Heaven, and a reigning sovereign too, and the practical conclusion naturally drawn is that it saves time, trouble, and un- ertainty to go at once to the Blessed Virgin ith prayer, rather than to the Father or to hrist. It is needless to say for all this here is not the slightest trace of authority o be found in the teaching of our Lord and is Apostles. Thus a pet feet revolution as been made in the Catholic Faith. Alighty God and the Lord Jesus Christ have een dethroned, and another Ruler substiuted, another object of worship. If this be ot idolatry, at any rate it comes perilously near to it, and would by itself justify our church's continued separation from a body of Christians whose authorised teaching is so unscriptural.. We fiay piitiling to those bora and reared in the Roinah Communloii. Let them strive for reform from within, however hopeless at present it may seem. We have no wish to judge them. Te their own Master they stand or fall. But for any English churchman, taught in the pure faith of the gospels as interpreted by the Primitive Church and the older Catholic fathers, to leave the. mother in whose bosom he has been nurtured, and taught to believe that " there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus," and to voluntarily accept the worship of a new Goddess, seems a "loving of darkness rather than light," for which hereafter they must render an account. Much might be said on the invocation of saints, on image worship, &c.;, did time allow, but we are content to rest our case upon the new two dogmas of the Immaculatiou Conception of the B.V.M. and of Infallibility. These amply justify our position as a reformed branch of the Catholic Church, nor dare we compromise ourselves by union with those who allow a mere mortal to thus usurp the perogatives of God, and dishonor His Divine Son. We see very much indeed in some respects to admire in the Roman Catholic Church, and not a few points in which we could with advantage imitate her, but these must not be allowed to blind us to her serions shortcomings. We have striven in this lecture to speak the truth in love, and if anything we have said should pain the heart of any of Rome's devoted adherents, we can only say that nothing has been farther from our purpose. 