Tiie statement of accounts for 1889 of the M.uni-rip&lity; of the Oity of Latin- 1 oeston is published in the last issue of | the Gazelle, and reveals a very satisfac tory state of affairs. The present Uounaning condition or tne nnances *s : specially satisfactory in view of the fact that this year the Council have to provide for some very extensive works, notably the laying of tbe second 15in main from Newstead in the Water works Department, and the erection of the new Pavilion at the Oity Park. For the Council to be able to enter upon the prosecution of these works without thn nAMuwitv for rnnniritr into dnht is ft compliment to the manner in which tbe resources of the Municipality have been manipulated. Tbe revenue of the Corporation is poured into one common Treasury Imt the various accounts are kept strictly separate, and are carefully dissected to the debit and credit of each. It is gratifying to find that to ell except throe — the General) Sewer age, and new Pavilion accounts— there are substantial balances standing to their credit. The General and Sewer age accounts have debit balances of J&1463 5s lOd and £?&70 lis respec tively ; but when we look into the ex penditure of the first we notice that it had to cover many items of large ex penditure, the Oity Surveyor's depart ment absorbing .£4200 17s 4d ; quarry, .£2931 18-* lOd; park and reserves, £908 2s 3d ; interest on mortgages, I etc., £3614 7s lid ; and street lighting, j £1437 7s 6d. Notwithstanding the I disbursement of these heavy items, the | debit balance of the General account at the end of the year is only £1463 5s lOd, and this amount is just half of the debit liability with which this account commenced the past year.. The Sewerage account has been debited with the entire cost of sewerage work constructed during the last few years, although the Council have power under the Sewerage Act to borrow for special construction works. As the late Mayor pointed out in his valedictory remarks at the close of his tenure of office, the Council have not availed themselves of that power, preferring to use the accu mulated funds for the purpose of carry ing out current workB. The next aooount is that of the Waterworks, and in the plant and supply of this depart ment the burgesses may be truly con gratulated upon possessing such ? a splendid property and such a valuable reproductive work. The receipts for the year were £12,816 (an increase on the previous one of over £1700), en abling the Council to provide the cost of materials, wages, etc., in connection with the many extensions which have been carried out, together with that of maintenance, etc., besides covering the necessary amount annually set aside to ^ the Consolidated Loan Sinking Fund. This account has, in addition, loaned to the Sewerage aooount the amount ex pended for the years 1887-89 under it, vis., £7570, thus saving the Council the interest which would have accrued had the money been borrowed. The steady increase of revenue in the Waterworks Department, and the accumulating value of the works done is perhaps the most gratifying feature of the Municipal business. The re turns in 1870 were £4200, in 1880 £6200, and last year over £12,000, while at the same time the valuation of the Water works Scheme has been immen sely enhanced in value. We notice that tbe Waterworks Sinking Fund and Consolidated Loan Sinking Fund have credit balances of £6945 15s and £3301 6s respectively, and to there funds an annual percentage of the amounts borrowed have been duly passed. With regard to the Consoli dated Loan Sinking Fund, such annual percentage, if maintained at the same rate as last year, will reduce the amount of the loan at its maturity by £69,574 15s Id. The Abattoirs account has £549 14s to the good, notwithstanding that substantial exten sions and additions have been made to the Inveresk property. The Police Provident Fund (Superannuation and Reward Branches) is still flourishing, having accumulating increases to its credit. Looking at the various accounts all round, it is gratifying to note that careful and judicious provi sion is made for contingent expenses, and that the finances of the Corporation are evidently on a sound and reliable baas. The total liability of the Corporation in outstanding loans ie but £157,300, and against this — in the shape of assets — may be placed cash balances, the various valuable properties possessed in the waterworks, waterworks yard, Town Hall, and numerous other pos sessions, representing a sum total which would doubly cover the public in debtedness. Taking the population of the Oity proper at 16,000, the present | liability per head is about £9 15s, a , sum which will bear favorable compari son with other municipalities. It is : evident that the finances of the Oity | are on a sound footing— expenditure ' being kept within reasonable bounds of income ; and the thanks of the citizens ' are due to the Council and the officers for their careful and judicious adiniuis- . tration in this direction. The Mining Statistics for the three ' months ending March 31 are to hand, and it is regrettable to find that the aggregate declension observable last quarter is again decidedly palpable. ' The following are tbe comparisons of j figures for the last three months, and : those of the corresponding period of | 1889 : — Quartz crushed, 5678 tons, f against 10,408; gold obtained there- - from, 7472oz, against I0,567oz ; from SOOipnfi ; copper ditto, nil, agaS^iJ^ tonspf£n4 ' 1347 tons, against 1120j ooal, 9522 tons, against 7318. Number of European' mi n e rs ' 'empl oyed , 2032/ against 24^7 5 Phin^ tf?7--gainst 831\. The most sariousJtelling off is in the gold won, there' being an actual decrease of over £12,Q00 in value in this hi4e&L; increase in value of about £3350, and ooal albout £2000. The decrease in Uie number of men engaged in our mining riiwuite & 385 Europeans— a most sirioiis itiatter-p&nd; Si . quarter ending lJeceiftbw a decline of' 177 Europeans, ana tne pre ceding three months 207 ; the decrease for the last , nine months being 769.^ We contoSiM' tliese figures to the poli-' of earnestly trust that all legitimate ^mta&s; possible will be adopted for ? the encouragement of the mineral industry, the declension of which means a terrible blow to the progress of the Colony. ; Cirr Police Court.— Mr B. P. Farrelly. J.P., presided , £t ' the City Police Court yesterdaV. A number of defendants were fined and also indicted in costs for allowing cattle to be at large. Frederick Crosby and flenry AnniCage were fined 6s each* costs ; remitted, for driving parcel delivery carts without being licensed. John Harwood, juu., and Frank Davis were fined 5^ each, costs remitted, for driving vehicles without ll^fo - Rnmnal WoMnn a rtrivfif. for DeUUZ away from his horse's head, was fined 6s, costs remitted. Herbert P. Noyes, charged with the embezzlement of the sum of £10, was remanded for a week. John Lascelles, charged with assault and robbery, was discharged in consequence of the non appearance of the complainant. Tub Watbu works , DsPABTtfBKD. — In ; the completion this year, of the duplicate 1 15in main from Newste&id; the city will ! possess a supply proportionately greater than any other city in the colofliee. The pipes for this work are on board the barque Phoenix, and her arrival may be looked for at any time, as three months have elapsed since leaving the port of Bremethaven where she had to put in after leaving England to re-stow her cargot it having shifted during some heavy weather, whicn was experienced after leaving her first port of sailing— the Tyne. City and Suburbs association. — At the office of Messrs. Come and North, architects, we were yesterday showit the plans of a very pretty three - roomed cottage, which it ie intended to erect at the Cataract Gorge, near the new pathway recently constructed by the association. The building is of the Swiss style of archi» tecture, and will be in complete order and harmony with the rustic surroundings Though it will be an ornamental structure, it will not be devoid of strength, and will add to the attractiveness of the place. Messrs. J. and T. Gonn, who have been staunch supporters of the association, have been entrusted with the work of this building, and we understand it will be con structed without delay. ] am informed by the secretory of the read ing club that there are about 15 entries for the prize of £2 2s offered by the club for the best poem on any Tasmanian subject. They will be judged and tbe price awaided as soon as possible. — Apple-picking is very brisk in the district. The crop is good, and one or two owners are shipping their fruit to England. Talking of apples reminds me that this district can hold its own with regard to size. Mr G. Sinnitt has a Blen which weighs over 24o*. This, I am in formed, is not the largest apple that has been grown on the tree. All the apples of the crops ore unusually large. It will, no doubt, interest .many fruitgrowers to know that Mr Sinnitt always prunes this tree in the summer. —Ballasting on the Line is being pushed on vigorously, tbe engine running backwards and forwards all day. One of the wheels of the engine broke last week, causing a delay of a day or two. The ballast pit on Mr Joseph Johnson's has turned out to be the best on the line. — It was ' generally thought that the winter meetings of tbe reading club would be opened by Mr F. F. Butler (secretary), but that gentleman tells me that owing to his near depature from the district he is reluc tantly compelled to leave that duty to his successor in office, Mr A. Gray -Tbe autumn show of tbe Green Ponds Horticultural Society takes place on the 24tb of May, and various exhibitors in the district are pre paring for the event. Roman Catholic Church^ Railton. — l , The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Roman Catholic Church at Railton took place on Wednesday (says the North- West Post), and was very successful. Amongst tbe passengers from Latrobe were His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Murphy;, and the Rev. Fathers Noone and Gilleran. At the site the Archbishop, vested in mitre and cope, and assisted by Fathers Noone and Gilleran. recited the 83rd Psalm, after which His Grace recited the praj'ers usual on such occasions. Tbe Litany of tbe Saints was then recited, the clergy and all present kneeling. At the end of the Litany the 126th rsalm was recited. His Grace placed the foundation stonn in its place, and this part of the ceremony concluded with the 86 Psalm and the prescribed prayers, . after which Father Gilleran preached a powerful ad dress from the words, 'Going, therefore, teach ye all tbe nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you' (Matthew, 28-20), at the conclusion of which he made an eloquent appeal to the generosity of the public to support such a useful and noble word, and then almost everyone present came forward with contributions, until over £100 were placed on the stone. Father Gilleran con gratulated those present on the success of the collection, and specially spoke of the I generous way in which members of other ! churches had given towards the noble work. His Lordship also spoke of the good work done that day, and of tbe pre vious energy of the youog men in clearing and preparing the *ite of the temple to be a power of God, and then followed bis blessing, which was received by the as- ; eemblage kneeling, with bared heads. The : proposed building is to be a handsome little edifice, and will coat upwards of £300. Tbe plans for tbe building were tbe work of Mr Gadsby, architect, of Latrobe, and ht*ve been prepared with great car6 and skill. Important to Gas Consumers.— Atten- tion is called to an advertisement which appears in another column giving con sumers in Inveresk and lnvermay notice that the gas will be cut off between 1 and 4 o'clock every day, except Saturday and Sunday, until further notice. During the past winter it was very evident that owing existing pipe was unable to supply the demand, and tne remedy is now being effected which will ensure a good supply of gas for both cooking and heating pur poses. Tbe pipes and connections are to hand in the Rothesay Bay, now at the wharf, and as soon as they are landed extra men will be employed so as to expedite the completion of this much needed work. It may be interesting to btate that the present mam is 4in, aud the new one Sin, which has an area four times greater than the small size. Chalhbbs Band op Hops. — The monthly meeting of this Band of Hope wa« held in t he schoolroom last night. Tbe Rev. D. S. Brunton occupied the chair, and there waH a good attendance. An eujoyablu eveniug was passed. A programme of address**, songs, and recitations, |was given by tbe chairman ; Miss Reed ; Messrs P. Craw, II. E. RatclifE, W. Johnstone, W. Miles, W. Fysh, and J. Guy. Several names were added to the roll of members. Parliamentary Society.— Tbe usual weekly meeting of the Launceston Parlia mentary Debating Society will be held this evening at the Mechanics' Institute, and as thn notice paper contains several important subjects for discussion, a good debate is again anticipated. The public are invited to attend all debates of the society. Mr G. C. Gilmore (Attorney- General) will intro duce a motion appointing delegates to the Federal Convention, and will op&u; a full discussion on the Federation Question. Sbcqtisdale.'— Our NortbBMtemjlrepre kmtativB wrote j?estertejy|g Ajmeetwg 1 ?«3hiB}d^iere on wednflw^tn^ Swfl m*« in the i Mechanics' Institute, for the phi pose pt/hearing the views of the canoi date&'for the forthcoming local town board election. . JChe Jarge .gathering wa% thoroughly representative, and must as a forerunner } of similar meetings be con sidered a complete success. It is to be re gretted that 'the* candidates did not make a point of attending, and taking ad .vantage of this, the best, chance of moving ?the electors, /jherutmosti order r-was ^ob served throughout tbe 'eVening' ' On the motion of Mr T. Tucker, 'Mr W. B. Counsel was elected chairman. ' The first candidate to respond to the ^chalrmanVtjall was Mr & P. Foat, who, in an able speech, 're' viewed the work done by^the board in past years from the' time of its -?'i ,./LL.u up to the present, showing fonhaypfl - ^;-ftmd8 have been how impartially expended, and pointing out rt® improvements done with the limitea mew at the disposal of cue members. At th6 end of his speech Hr Foat was loudly ap plauded, and was followed by Mr Harvey, whose term of office also expires. ^ There being ffut fitttatoedd regarding the doings of the board, Mr Harie^Tiarvlflg Consented to stand again aseuifed the.efeOoM of hls best eUOrtS in WW uwvn»ugmu «s funds, should they again be inclined to place him in office. Of the new candidate^ only three were present — ' Messrs. W. Tucker, J. M. Lord, and A. W. Loone, who all spoke well and to the pur pose, the last-named oandidate, who met trtth a teir favorable reception, wishing it to fc'e' iradeitbood that He ddfi tested the seat vacated by Mr Gfoftoft, and did not appsar as a candidate for tb'& pur pose of unseating former members. The chairman thanked the candidates who had bome forward, and by expressing tneir opinions gave tbe electors an opportunity of judging their merits. After acocrding the chairman the usual vote of thanks the meeting dispersed, the opinion being freely expressed that the absent candidates had lost a good opportunity, and as a conse quence had lessened their chances of elec tion. The Oratorio ' EuJ ah.'— Despite the great attraction at the City Park last even ing in the shape of tbe chrysanthemum show* there was a large attendance at Christ Chtirch laft evening, when, under Mr J. Frost's condufitofabify th« OTatorio of ' Elijah ' was produced for the benefit of the choir fund. The entertainment was duite a success, and Mr Frost is certainly to be congratulated for the way he has coached eo many yduhg Singers in the knowledge of the grandest oratorio music writtetL All the solos and most of the choruses wefe well siing, but in^ some of the best concerted pieticS the voices were not w£Il .balanced, a fault which a little more Atteiitipii at practice would hate remedied. Mis* Grant fojuitted b&rself; aamiraoiy in an ene nau to vutwci.iv. and air 'Hear ye, Israel, ' a very helavy number for a young singer, being the best tendered of the whole, and she was very heartily applauded. This young lady is the posee'sor of a strong, sweet, and sympa thetic soprano voioe, and already stinds in the ranks of oilr beot amateurs MiesPanton, an old favorite, sang tbe ariao, ',OToe..woe unto them' aud 41 O rest in the Lord,' tl^6 latter number being excellently given. Mr C. Dunning, as usual, had most of the teuor eolos allotted him, and all he had to do was rAAllv wall Anna, his best number beinc 'If with all your hftarts.' MrJ Spread borough has seldom sung so well ae ne did last evening, and he was loudly applauded for that grand aria, 'It is enough,' and ' O. man of God, help tby people' Mr J. IL Bryan was also well received for hU recite., the best of which was 41 See now he eleepeth.' Master B. Frost also contri buted a couple of recitatives. Mr C. A. Morris was applauded for bis solo, 41 Lord God of Abraham, and tbe conductor quite excelled himself in his dtiet .with Mies Grant. A word of praise is also dutti to Mrs Russen, Misses Ferrall, Lamont, Monde, and Weymouth for their assistance in the quartettes and trios, one of which, ' Lift thine eyes to the mountains,' being one of the best numbers on the programme. Miss Frost again displayed her usual skill as accompanist on the organ, ahd during the offertory played ' Cujus Animam.' Bomb Hxjman Curiosiths, — Professor J. A. Fritz, an American phrenologist of repute, who arrived at Hobart a few days ago by tbe &.s. Doric (says the Mercury) has brought with him from Cape Town three living curiosities. They are Bosjeman female, and are X first of their kind seen I in Tasmania. They were found some 2000 milee from Cape Town, in tbe Nolloth country (Namaqua Land), and are thus veritable untutored denizens of the African wilds, upon whom the wonders of civilisa tion are now for the first ? time dawning. Tbey are good specimens of the lower grade of Quai-quoe or Gkhui-gkhui people. Though distinct from tbe Namaquas, Fas saquas, Dammaras, Saabs, or Koranas, their nomadic proclivities, and the fact that the Bushmen tribes are being rapidly broken up and scattered, making their precise location doubtful, they are, nowever, by no means unintelligent specimens of humanity. The old chief, *' Roundabout' — nearest ap proach to the peculiar clinking sound which represents his native name— is a merry old souL Sir Thomas Uppington, tbe Attorney General of Cape Colony, who conversed with these strangers before they left the Cape says the chief is 100 years old, as he speaks from memory of tribal wars that are now but matters of dim history. He looks hale and hearty enough to live another century. His wife is ancient looking also, but her age is uncertain. As with all tbe females oi the Hottentot race, whose charms are fleeting, she has reached the wrinkled stage, and, like Gagool in tbe tale of *' Ring Solomon's Mines,' would, amid savage surroundings, play the witch doctress to perfection. In ordinary civilised garb, as she sits by the fire, she looks a decent, harmless body. Andrew, their son, is an active fellow, and shows aptitude for education. In height these strange people are about 4ft. In phrenological develop ment the males especially controvert the Darwinian theory that their race is the moht degraded of tbe human family. Pro fessor Fritz points with pride to the fact that their skulls present liues comparing favorably with even those of the Aryan race. The old chief is ju6t what one would term a square, level-headed man, with a UiQIIJ bUUUWUOUW, uiuouigcmii cyco, UJIU HYidently well-sharpened faculties. He might be easily trained to feats of mimicry which, from a showman's point of view, would fetch the public. The lad has ' a lurking devil in hie eye,' but is apt and intelligent. Already he has made some progress in rudimentary education. The chief is musically inclined, and from a bow of wood and a single string dexter ously produces plaintively melodious Btrains, in which they all seem to take a delight, reminding them perhaps of their 'native wood notes wild.' In the few j English words be has at command he tries i to explain the effect a hundred such one stringed harps produce when played in the open air. i ocust i'lauub. — aresiaentoi JNumurkah who was across the Murray last week gives a graphic account of the state of the country there in consequence of the severe locust plague, which has prevailed there for the past three or four weeks. He travelled, says an exchange, over the Uarooga country for about 20 miles, and re ports that not a blade of grass is to be seen anywhere. Sheep are in a frightful state, through starvation, and lambing is on now, and tbe condition of affairs is made all the more serious as there is no nourishment for either ewes or lambs. So weak are eome of tbe ewes that crows are picking out their eyes while they are lying on the ground too helpless to defend themselves. Across the run hundrede of sheep are so reduced by hunger that they can hardly walk, and those that tried to run away from before t.he vehicle fell down, and could not rise. Messrs. M'Farlane Bros., tbe owners of the Uarooga run, have a large number of sheep —stated to be about 6000 —and if rain does not fall soon their condition will be more serious than at present. So general has been the plague throughout the district that, it ie useless to stock, other place* being as bad ae Barooga. The insects are flying towards Mnlwala and Corowa, where grass is plentiful and green. Should they reach those districts and devastate the country en route immense losses will be bound to result. Tbe Rev. D 6. Brunton will deliver his popular lecture on ' Dreams ' in theschool room of the Presbyterian Church, Evandale, at 7*30 this evening. The lecture will be accompanied by musicn] selections, and a coffee supper will follow. The annual tea find j nublic^n eAa££ of the Band of Hope in renhectMSfS^th' the Primitive Methodist OffurroTs^rederibk-etreet, took place last evening, -entt was very largely attended. ] The Rev. C. Anthony, the newly-resident minister, occupied the chair at the public meeting, end dMivertfS&XMs; and interest-' ing address, urging the ittembers to,wprk bard in the cause.' The following fcobk part lu the course of a -prolonged programme, aud received applause for , their efforts:— Messrs. Miller, Chalk, Conway, Simmons, Johnston, Mace, E. Lewis, and F. Symons ; Misses Sorensbn, Batten, Miner,' BeSt: Dry den, end Ferrall; Mesdames Ride, Smith, and Master Jarman. The chairman re. ceivea a very oearcy wwojuio, an' » successful meeting dosed with prayer. .. j Ori'hbus Club. — The concerts to ie* riven on the 6th and '9th of next month, will include the majority of the Items rendered at the last concert in Hobart, on which occasion over 60 people were BOftWe to obtain admittanoe. While during the ? a-nfc trip the club will not be occom ESSl'fc' Mr IL F. Young who has for Soto time vrfsttttfttd from pnbllc perform the lighter put of the proRremme Sllbc.blysiippHsd bf Ml*. HuS- spetht 'who ia well and ? favoralrfy Jmowp in baunceswn. Thb jjaHlM PosxALBATi.— According to' a' cattle tfrhicB appeared on Saturday, Mr Cfisnflallof oi the 1C rchequer, proposes %o tje Jtfesgit wtes for letters between the United ..Kingdom aud India and the Australian Colotfos to*$a per half-ounce bv all routes. The rtftee now in force are 4d by the long sea route, and 6d via Italy, France, or America Were Mio Mdnrwd rate adoDted by the colonies. it Ifl estimated that the loss to Victoria (mtS the' Melbourne Argw) would be about £10,000 iri lue f £re- year. Our share of the I £75,030, the anaxm for the ocean mail service, is about £Su,000,*and although opr receipts from postages just Sboutcover that sum, we have to pay about ' a year extra for tbe special transit , rates through France and Italy, which is a loss, the bome mail service. It is approximately estimated that the amount realised yearly for the postage of letters to the United Kingdom is £20,000, and the postal autho rities estimate that the reduction to 2fcd, allowing for a large Increase of business. WOUioreBoii-,tut bi«i«u, the outset, which sum is small as comparea with the anticipated loss this year, vit., filOtf.OOO, on tbe penny postage in Victoria. Mf Per&am;, the Postmaster-General, -has not received any official information on this subject, but intends trv bring the matter before the Cabinet, and to eommmucate with the other colonies to aeCsTtato the views of the respective Governments. THB FUNBBAIi OP A BUBMEHS QUBBN. ? The Rangoon Gazette reports the burial tka UuW Oiinrni. on* of the wives df £ing Hindone Min, whose body bad been tying emits time in state at the residence of her datfg&ter; near Rangoon. About $ o'clock the procession, which was nearly a mile long, started. Wnite umbrel las, the special symbdf of Burmese Btoyalty, were numerous, and the priests mustered in strong force. The shrines and other ornamental structures were ablaze vntn ] cold leaf, the bands ot music were numer ous; and the cartloads of presents for the pnesra worno nave buiumw w - bazaar v?itH alnlfost every conceivable article of food arid Wearing apparel, besides crockery, kerosene oil, falls, and furniture. The Princess, as chief mourner, walked in front of tbe coffiu, preceded by ber retmne of 50 white-robed women, walking in pairs ; before them girls strewed the path with roses. The Princess, like her attendants, was dressed in pure white, and wore no jewels whatever. She and her maids ot honor bore in their hands tbe white rope attached to the cofflri- The latter was Over it was thrown a splendidly decorated I pall, piled high with bright flowers. The scene of the cremation was on the slope of | the Bhoay Dag on Pagoda, near Bahan, . where afl enclosure had been erected round the fonerai pile, upon wWch-the gilt coffin i was laid to the sound of tfelfd music. By | desire of the Princess tbe coffin w'aS opened to enable her to take a last look at nsf mother. The pile was then set fire to, and after the body bad been entirely consumed the ashes were taken away to be cast on the broad bosoiS of tbe Irrawaddy. Mr J. S. Wiggins announced that having purchased the whole of tbe stock in the assigned estate of Howe sod Wiggins at aa- enormousdiscount.be is now offering it, with £3000 wofth of the newest goods_ for the season, just opened, at such prices that cannot fail to nnd purchaser*. A price list of a few leading lines is publisned else where. In another column will be found the time-table of Beatty's 'bus, which now runs daily from the wharf to T oung Town. The 'bus is A well-appointed and com modious one, and tbe proprietor's enter prise deserves to be rewarded. 