1HE GL03E TROi TER. THE! DEVIL'3 SNARE, A Blood Sucking Flaub Discovered in Nicaragua. The Strange and Hideous Vegetable Growth Found la the Swumps of Gen- . Ci'Ul America— Its Gory Pr opened- ' ties and incredible Voracity. I L:roy Dunstau, the well-known nator&list; who has spent nearly two yeare in Centrai America studying the flora and fauna of - the i ouotry, rciatea the Coding of a singular growth in one of the swamps which Borround l::u great ibkc or rxtcaragoa. ' lie was ergaged in hunting for botanical ; end entomological specimens in this swamp, ' which ia known asSan Sebastian's, when he heard his dog cry out aa if in agony from a distance. Running to the spot from which i lie animal's crieB came, Mr. Dunstan found 1 im enveloped in a perfect net-work of what . si cmed to be a Sue, rope-iike tissue of roots i.r fibres, the nature of which was unknown to him. Tne plant or vine seemed composed en tirely of bare, interlacing stems, resombling more than anything else the branches of the ; weening willow denuded of nil foliage, but of n dark, nearly black hue, and covered with a thick, viscid gum (hat exuded from their pores. Drawing his knife, Mr. Dunstan , csiicavored to cut the animal free, bnt it was . only with the greatest difficulty that he eoc- , c ceded in Ecvcring the fleshy, muscular fibre. To his horror and amazement the naturalist \ caw that the dog's body was covered with ; bleed, while his hshlees skin appeared to have been actnslly cocked or puckered in spots, and the animal staggered bb if from weakness and exhaustion, . ; Iu cutting tbo vine the twigs curled like 1 living, sinuous fingers about Mr. Dunetstfe baud and it required no slight force to free llio member from its clinging clasp, which left the flesh red and blistered. The gum : Exuding from the vine was c! a grayish dark liuge, remarkably adhesive and of a disagree- , able animal odor, very powerfol and nauseat- ' inn to inhale. The native servants who accompanied Mr. Dauelan manifested the greatest horror oi the vine, which they oaUt&eagenaedc; triable, ' the devil's seine, or snare, and were foil of 1 stories of its death-dealing powers. One of these stories was of an Englishman residing in Managua, who, while hunting in i tbo swamp a few years ago, lay down bx- ncath a tree where a large and powerful specimen of this singular plant wae growing, and inadvertently falling asleep, awoke to find himself enveloped in its web, snddespite of every efforttnade to extricate him, perished in its deathly embrace. Another etory was of an escaped convict who bad hidden in the swamp and whose bones had been found in the folds of the sagenas only a short time before Sir. Don- Eton's visit. These stories, remarkable as they seem, are firmly believed in by the pceple, bat the only three 'specimens which Mr. Dtmslan was able to find were all small ,-nfcs, though the meshes of the largest would probably, if extended in a straight line, measure nearly, if not quite, one hundred, feet. He was Mile to discover very little, about the nature of the plant, owing to the difficulty of handling it, for its grasp -can only bo torn sway with the loss of skin and even of flesh, bet so" near as Mi. Dunstan cj'jid ascertain its power of suction is eon- teincd ia a number of infinitesimal months or little suckers, which, ordinariy closed, open for the reception of food. The gam exuded seems io serve the two fold purpose of increasing its tenacity and 'of overcoming a victim by its sickening odor. Tub plant is found only in low, wet places, Hud usually beneath a large free, and while dormant seems onlyin network ot"diy, d6ad. vines covering the black earth. for several f eel , but coming In contact with anything will instantly begin to -twist and twine up ward in s horrible, life-like mannrr, breaking cut with the -gum -like substance 3poken of before, and enwrap the object with a celerity tur.t is almost incredible. If the substance is animal the blood is drawn off end the carcase. or refuse then dropped. A lump of raw meat bang thrown it in the short time of five -minutes the blood will be thoroughly drunk- off and the mars tbrovu aside, Itsworacitj is almost beyond belief, it devouring fit one time over ten pounds of meat, tbcugh .it . may he deprived of all food for weeks without any apparent less of vitality. .- Mr. Dunstan attempted to bring away axoot of thesBgenBS, bnt it died curing his return voyage, growing so .foul with a strong odor o! real animal corruption that he was obliged to get rid of it. . A touxg lady Jit a refreehmait bar snr- n-.ountad a diffisuly very neatly the otter dsv, when elie eaid "foagcr.UenirawhoJiiBd- oniirted to pay for ; his. liquor; "Sir, if: yon happen to lose your puree alterwardB, ^re member that you did not take it out bore, "Hnoaa" is a play for eU time. It iriH; never give up tho ghost. ' 