Old World Sport. (B? 'Coobamin/^ London, September 26, 1890. I donJt know whether Sir Boyle Boche was ever a steward of the Jockey Club, but it is tolerably certain that one of his lineal descendants must hold ofiee in that August body, and that it was he 'who suggested the holding of the First October meeting at Newmarket in September. It reminds me of a notice which was posted at the Bedfern Station many years ago (not during Mr. Goodchap's regime) that ' the 10 a-m. train for Patramatta starts at 9.35 every day/' The present meeting has been exceedingly tame, and I don't recollect ever observing such a want of animation in the proceedings, and were it not f«r ?what is known of ' Mr. Eose's ' mile and three quarter handicap, and the Great Easter Handicap, the racing might nave been passed over without notice. For the latter event, two of the biggest rogues in training, I/Abbe Morin and Bel Demonio, ran a deadheat, ?whilst a* 4-year-old sister of the former, L'Abesse de Jouarre, was third. A dozen competitors were all that faced the starter, for the handicap of 5 sovs each, to which the American sportsman, Mr. Hose, added 1000, the object of his liberality being to encourage long distance racing. The course was the last mile and three-quarters of the Gaesare witch coursa, and this afforded Queen's Birthday an opportunity of showing that the placings in the St. Leger were all wrong, and the splendid style in which Mr. Lascelles' colt won shows that his friends were justified in their belief in his chance for the great ©oncaster event, and he ought certainly have finished in the first three for that race. t The issue of the Rose Handicap proves that we have been too ready to decry the S.—ntc/r-ni*) fnTtn tlris vasr nnrf mn.top. ih nirfc tf» llA far above mere handicap form. Taking the line through Evergreen, which finished second to Shesn for the first of Mr. Rose's handi caps, if a 3-year- old like Queen's Messenger (nGt perhaps quite in the first-class) is able to give this 4-year-old weight and a good beating, it stands to reason that a decent animal of his own age ought to have a big show in the autumn handicaps. Either the 3-year-olds are of a better class than we suppose .them to be, or the 4-year-olds are a bad lot indeed. After all poGr Kirkham may be a better horse than some of your contemporaries appear to think. Mr. Dan Cooper, who has a select stud of racehorses ia Eyan's charge, won the Snail well Stakes with Grandee, a fine colt by Galopin — Dee, for which he gave 940gns as a yearling. Mr. Cooper, who is passionately fond ©f sport, and spends a great deal of his time at his beautiful place, Warren Lower, at Newmarket, does notb*t at all, and the success of horses owned fey such men is always popular. But let me look back to the late Manchester meeting. The interest in the Lancashire Plaet this year -was by no means proportionate to Its value, and a field of nine runners was a poor shew indeed for a race worth 11,000 sovereigns. How ever, this did not affect the character of the con test, which was most exciting, as it was fought out to the bitter end. Hb^victory could have been more popular than that of Amphion, and Colonel Byrne's grand eelt has proved once more, what a really good animal can do. The verdict of a leagth and a half by no means represented his merit, for he struck into Orviete's heels and nearly came to grief. The Lancashibe Plate of 11,000 sovs, added to a sweepstakes Gf 20 sovs each ; weight for age, &c.; ; the nominator of the winner received 1000 sova out of the etakee, the owner of the second received 1000 sovs. the nominator of the second 500, the owner of the third 300, and the nominator of the third 200 out of the stakes. 7 furlongs. General Byrne's Amphion, by Speculum or Eose bery— Suicide, ,4vrs, lOst 21b (T. Cannon) 1 Mr. D. Baird's Martagon, by Bend Or — Tiger Lily, 3yrs, 9it 2Ib (M. Cannon). ... ... 2 LordEosebsry's f, by Foxhall — Chopette, 2yrs, 7st 2ib (W. Blake) ? 3 Duke of Westminster's Orion, 2yrs, 7st 51b (carried 7st 61b) (G. Barrett) ... ... ... 0 Prince Soltvkoff's Gold, 4yrs, 9st 131b (F. Webb) 0 Duke of Portland's Memoir, 3yre, 9at 9ib (J. Watts) ... ... ... ... 0 Jlr. J. H. Eouldsworth's Orvieto, 2y«, 7st 121b (Warne) ... ... ... ... 0 Duke of Beaufort's Simonetta, 2yrs, 7st 61b (B« Chaloner) ... ... ... ... 0 Duke cf Portland's St. Serf, 3yrs, 9st 9Ib (T. (Loates) ... ... ... ... 0 (Winner trained by Chandler.) Betting : 11 to 8 against Amphion, 11 to 4 Memoir, 7 to 1 Orion, 10 to 1 St. Sarf, 100 to 7 the Chopette filiy, 28 to 1 Orvieto, 33 to 1 each Gold and Martegon, and 50 to 1 Simonetta. It will be seen that the 2-year-olds were in a majority. The 3-year-olds -were represented by the Duke of Portland's pair and Martagon, whilst Amphion and Gold acted for the 4-year-«ld divi sion. Matthew Dawson was very fond of the chance of the Chopette filly, which had been tried very smart, and his bold show for victory confirmed the veteran's judgment. There were several breaks away before the flag fell to a moderate stark when Lord Eoseberry's filly at once adop ted cutting-down tactics — doubtful policy in a seven furlong race. Mattagon was in close atten dance on the leader, followed by Orvieto, Am phion, and Memoir, Gold being whipper-in. Small as the field was, a serious scrimmage oc curred on entering tho straight, as Orvieto who swung a little wide, came back so sharply that Amphion struck into his heels, and interfered with both St. Serf and Orion. For a stride or two Tom Cannon lost hold of his rein, and it was marvellous, not to say miraculous, that Amphion after nearly falling, should have been able to keep his position. Memoir (who had lost some of her SiUinger bloom) was beaten a quarter of a mile f ronie home, at which point Orion, who had bad luck all through, was blocked in at the heels of the Chcpette ally and Martagon. Orvieto being disposed of at the distance, Am phion at once challenged for the lead, and taldng command about 150yds from the chair, he was ridden out to the end, and wen in. gallant style by a length and a half, Martagon and the Chopette filly being second and third. Orion, who ran very game, was, I am inclined to think, second best, for after being most pro vokingly hampered, he got to the heels of the filly, and finished a good two lengths ahead of Memoir and Orvieto. The son of two Derby winners, this colt is bound to make a big' name for himself, and his - career ?will be watched with interest. Itf cannot be said that Memc-ir ran up to her Leger standard, but for all tkat Amphien must not be rebbed of a single laurel leaf, and this victory was an endorse ment of his last year's form at Kempton, and his more recent brilliant performance at Ascot. Colonel Byrne did not over-estimate his value ?Then he asked .£1000 for him early in the season, find the intending buyer must be sorry enough now tijat he did not complete the purchase. ? Lord Penrhyn and Ms confederates in the Exton stable seem to have their hands full at present in the way of actions at law, and inquiries by the Jockey Club arising out of the in and put running of Noble Chieftain, a horse whose peculi arity is that it never wins when it starts at a long price. I told you of the riot there was at Doncas ter about the horse, and how Weldon, the jockey, stood a good chaace of being lynched by the mob. Lord Penrhyn has asked the Jockey Club to inves tigate the running of the horse during the past season and the present one, and just as it appeared likely his lordslim'K Tannest;, wntild be »r-r-.pdftd to ^ Gale, of the Licensed Victuallers' Mireoe, aga.inst whom an action by Lord Penrhyn is Tending, has threatened the Jockey Club with an injunction if they institute any inquiry while the ease in which he is concerned is sw& jvdice. So there is a nice complication.: That the horse's runnicg has been suspicious' everybody thinks, w*t nobody believes that Lord Penrhyn knew anything about it personally. We must look elsewhere for the culprit. ?......';''- '? I suppose the news of the arrest of Slavin and Jtt'Auliffe on the eve of their \glove fight at the ^rmonda Club occasioned as much surprise in Sydney as it did in London. It came like a 'bolt from the blue/' for so quietly had the police gone «° work that no one had the least suspicion that £ny interference was intended. Only three people jjfcew of the issue of the warrants, viz., Inspector Uusholme, who laid the information, the magi strate (Mr. Partridge) who signed them, and the clerk of the Southwark Police Court. Naturally -he disappointment that the mill was interrupted vas very great, as numbers of sports from all Parts of England had come up for the purpose of being present, and having paid large sums for tickets— as much as ££$ was given for a place— i 'Hey were naturally annoyed at having had a ^aitlesg journey. How the police came to move * Jus matter, er at whose initiative, time alone -will telL fentiSie OrinonSe Clob people profess to think that Pelican Glub jealousy aB^i a desire to spite Slavin is at the battomoiE it. TMs I cannot believe, for should the illegality of glove fights be established tHe raison d'Stre of the Pelican has gone and the club must go to -the wall. My own opinion is that it was 'a put-up job/* and that Mr. Temple, of the Ormonde Club, could tell 'an he would' a good deal about it. There was clearly some understanding between the police and the parties, for Mr. Partridge did not bind the men to keep the peace, .but took recognisances fer their appearance the next day, and subsequently bound them over to appear when called upon. 'There are yeels within veels, Sammy,' and though s© much was said abeut the money being in the hands of B«b Topping, I happen to know frem the best authority that the financial part of the business was not O.K. Topping may have held a cheque for .£1000, but I doubt if the document was worth a Sank of England note of the same figures. Anyway, I know that had Mr. Abington consented to do- something which he was asked* and expeeted to do, the fight would have taken place on Monday night in accordance wii;h the articles, ' malgre ' the police. ' PourparWying' is still going on, and as soon as the money is right, the men will box, probably in some private place, and in the presence of a select few. Every thing, however, depends upon Abingten and one or two more. Both men are very fit, and the de lay -won't hurt them' much. M'Auliffe was the better faverite on the day fixed for the battle, ad much as 6 to 4 being laid on him, though, per haps, that was only a fancy wager laid by an enthusiast. I have no opinion of my own, Idon't care for Slavin, and I have not seen the other man box ; but I know what Jack Burke thinks, and while he is '? spoiling for a fight' with Slavin, he told a friend of mine he wouldn't take 100 to 10 and tackle M'Auliffe. Should the mill take place, and the men be summoned for a breach of the peace, a very important point will be raised once more as to whether a contest with gloves comes under the denomination j-f la prizefight. The case of the Queen v. Young .and others was cited by Mr. Purcell, who appeared for Slavin en Tuesday at South wark, and as the question is one of much interest to you in Australia, as it is in England, I may be permitted to quote Mr. Montague Williams, who was engaged in the case. Mr. Williams ? gives an account of it in ' Leaves of a Life.' The heading of the chapter of which the narrative forms the chief portion, runs thus : ' A Nice Point : Boxing er prize fighting? Mr. Baron Bramwell hesitates — he consults Mr. Justice Byles — the final decision, which settles the law on the subject.' John Young, William Shaw, Daniel Morris, Edward Donnelly, George Flynn, and others wer6 charged with the manslaughter of Edward Wil mot. Wilmot and Young, who wore gloves, ' were, as usual, naked to the waist, their shirts being off,' fought a succession of rounds in **a room upstairs ' in ' the house of the prisoner, William Shaw, in Windmill-street, Haymarket.' The wall formed one of the sides of the ring, and the remaining sides were formed by stakes and a rope. The contest lasted for about an hour, and in the last round Wilmot fell in consequence 'either of a shove or a blow,' and 'struck his head against a post running up in the centre of the ring.' The post mortem shewed that death was the result of a very severe blow or falL The body was covered with bruises. Mr. Williams submitted that there was no evi dence on a charge of manslaughter against any -of the prisoners, death having happened in the exercise of a mere lawful spert. Mr. Baron Bram well admitted that the difficulty was in deciding ing what there was unlawful in the contest. It took place in a private room; and was there any breach of the peace? No doubt if death ensued from a fight, independently of the fact that it took place for money, the case would be one of manslaughter. A fight was a dangerous thing, and likely to cause death ; but the medical witness had stated that sparring with the gloves was not dangerous, and was not & practice likely to cause death. After consulting Mr. Justice Byles, Mr. Baron Bramwell stated that he retained his opinion. It had occurred to him, however, that even supposing there was no danger in the original encounter, if the men fought on until they were in a state of exhaustion, there was a danger of their falling and sustaining fatal injuries, and then the case might amount t© «ne of manslaughter; he proposed, therefore, so to leave the issue to the jury, holding over the point for the consideration of the court for Crown cases reserved, should it become necessary. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty against all the prisoners, and they were discharged. The difference between 'the method' of that unhappy conflict — which a witness described as ' only sparring, fairly conducted ' — and a boxing match pursued under Lord Queen3berry*s rules is radical indeed. Any one knowing anything of the present day style of glove encounters, would sceut as monstrous the idea of bringing off a boxing match, either for points or endurance, or -beth, in ' a ring,' one of whose sides was formed of a wall, to say nothing of 'a post running up in the centre.' This was barbarous enough to begin ?with. If, as was further deposed, 'the ordinary rules of a prize fight were observed,' one need not wonder; that even this sparring match with gloves had a fatal termination. In a Queensberry contest, it is a 'fair punching,' after the scientific (or unscientific) fashion, wita regulation gloves, in a roped square, technically denominated a ring, hugging, boring, wrestling and roughing being forbidden. With the drawn match at Manchester against an Eleven cf England, the seventh Australian team of cricketers brought their tour to a close. Never since these periodic invasions .commenced in 1S78 has there been a less successful one from any point of view, except finances. In this one respect — perhaps to the promoters the most im portant of all — the present visit has been satisfac tory; but as this is a mere 'matter affecting the pockets of the men themselves it is of secondary importance to those who desire to see the prestige of Australian cricket maintained. It is 'devoutly to bo wished' that the next team, will not be a speculative one ; but will be engineered by the cricket associations of all the colonies represented, and that a really first-class lot will be sent. The fact must not be lost sight ©f that English cricket has vastly improved during the past seven or eight years, and nothing short of the very best players you can find in Australia, will have the ghost of a chance of beating the strength of Eng land. One thing that has struck me as singular is the indifferent manner in which your men play left-hand bowling. Briggs and other left-handers seem to do -what they please with your best bats men. This is & point worth looking to. Turner and Ferris have proved themselves to be veritable wonders, and Charlton is thought very highly of by the best judges. 'Why Murdoch did not make more use of V«^n has been a puzzle to every body. There is a report current that Ferris has de cided tc cast his lot in the old country, and will settle in Bristol in order to qualify for Glouces tershire. It is said that he has accepted an appointment in a local stockbroker's office. I can hardly believe this, for I know both Turner and he have been offered several times inducements to stay in England; but they refused. Has 'lovely woman ' had anything to d« with the change in 'Jacfs' ideas? ...-.?? Very little, interest is now taken in England with respect to Australian scullers, and the an nouncement that Peter Kemp and O'Connor have been matched to row for the championship of the world in America has passed almost without com -ment. - As I have repeatedly said English people sron'i believe in Kemp's championship form, but 'they beKevethoroughly in Stanbury. Whether the 'Colo man is the better of the .pair only Deeble ^and his jconfidants knew, and what we should like i* see or hear of would be a bona fide race be tween them. iBut of course thatis'not likely to take place while they are rnh by the same 'gaffer/' Apart from the championship (which should &ot; be lightly risked) JsJemp, is wise in going to America in search of the ' ©of bird,' for there is much more - money £fio' be made there in sculling than either; in Australia or England. But care should be taken that he is ; not Spked or jockeyed out of the title which has so often and gallantly been won by Australians. There was some talk of gettuig a$ i another Trig sweepstakes, so as fearing the fpuir best scullers, Kemp, Stanbury, O'Connor,anxl Gaudaur, together on the Thames, but it did not Teenlt in^nything, and unless Mr: W. J-IifnestooK the matter up in his usual earnest manner there is little ilkelihood of such an eventtatiig place. V,i \?' The friends «f Mr. J. P. Clark (and they are as the sands of the eea) will be pleased to hear that lie has arrived in splendid f«jrmj and is as fit as a fiddle; I have, never seen; him look ap well. Yesterday he and his brother Eobert weighed, and 'Jem' tapped the beam at 15st 61b, beating Beb by xnanypounds. By-the-bye, Bob Clark and I nave just beaten the record in a double-sculling Thames skiff from Oxford to Teddington, so there is life in same old dogs yet. New cycling records have become so frequent of late as to be completely perplexing. The latest feat was performed yesterday, when H. Parsons, of the Polytechnic Cycling Club, started at Pad dington to try and beat 3J. J. Mecredy's record of 2h 29min 55|sec, and succeeded by 4min 28 4-5sec, Parsons riding his 50 miles in 2h 25min 262-5sec. From 23 miles upwards he had been, making world's records; but, notwithstanding his tre mendous pace, he kept going, with E. Leitch and others to show the way, until he had com passed 60 miles 1255yds in three hours, when, although urged to keep on for 100 miles, he felt unequal to the extra strain and retired. His time for 20 miles was 56min 5 3-5sec, for 40 miles lh 54min 53 3-5sec, and for 60 miles 2h 57min 58 l-5sec. All previous world's records from 23 miles upwards, for any type of machine, were therefore beaten. Another fine performance was that of P. W. Scheltema-Beduin and B. W. Crump, who started on a tandem tricycle to try and eclipse the record on that type of machine for an hour's ride. Twenty miles had never before been ridden by a tandem tricycle in an hour, but Messrs. Crump and Scheltema succeeded in covering20miles 95yds in that time. They commenced record breaking at 13 miles, and continued in an unbrokern string until the journey's end. Mr. Gv. Coleman took the times. ^ Of course the new pneumatic tyres are respon sible for all the new records, and as further im provements are made in this direction we may expect fresh marvels. 