CHAPTER VII. DOCTOR MANUEL COMES HOME. The June roses were all aglow, and in the very height and perfection of their most rare and deli- cate beauty ; the trees had*lost their first tender freshness, but had gained rich depths of colouring; the air was sweet with the perfume of the dry hay, and musical with the song of the happy birds, before the Major had quite got over the first in- toxicating rapture and excess of delight) anent the picture. He was prepared to tilt against all earners, who should enter the lists, and venture to doubt the fact of its being a genuine, " Hans Vel- ler." He went further, changed the indefinite for the definite article, and boldly and proudly pro- claimed it the " Hans Veller." A perfectly tmiqojfc treasure. As all the artist's other works had (prá i sumably) fallen a sacrifice to the wild and crazy superstitions of an infuriated mob, it seemed certain that the Major's treasure was none other than the original portrait, painted by Hans Veller himself." t n"ti ' Mr Dutton took np the cause with enthusiasm. He dog inte toe nines of knowledge, shut np ia the British Museum, where he was as well known as ara the Ninevitish Bulls ; he found this and that proof, small, perhaps, but oh 1 how convincing when one wishes to be convinced, that Hans Veller painted several pictures, his own amongst the number, and was burnt to death at Amsterdam in the seventeenth century. But the Major's cheval de bataule, upon which he rode most proudly forth, lance in hand, was the mouldly old book, torn and defaced, in which Mr. Dutton had found the curious relation of the Wizard Painter's words, and death. The Major was proof against the sharp arrows of the doubters ; he did not in the least mind&eing; langhed at when they asked him what about " General Monk," and why that stout warrior had grown so greatly out of favour ? " Let them laugh who win," is a wise saying the Major laughed in the mest cheery way. He had won, and so could afford to be bland and largely forgiving. The picture hung in the place of honor in the gallery, a former favourite, a " Sir Peter Lely" (perhaps only a copy), having been removed, so that the "Hans Veller" should be exalted. Daffodil had grown quite used to its grim and lifelike face, and is ready to laugh at poor Peggy's ridiculous alarm and absurd fancy, as was the Major. " It's a hideous picture," the girl would say, bnt not in the old man's hearing. Let him ride his hobby as far as he pleased, and as he pleased ; *af fodfl was quite ready to accept his theory about this and every other picture. Poor Peggy had lost her father, who had died in the hospital, and had been handsomely buried (at the Major's expense). Her old place was open to her, but Margaret, looking very comely in her new black dress, which set -off her red cheeks and dark eyes, with many apologies, and desp courtseys, declined the offer *. with thanks." " Not but that I'd like to live along with you, mips, all my life, and Fd try to please Mrs. Martin, but I couldn't sleep -quiet in the house ; I'd be afraid, you know, miss ; afraid, all along- of {bat pietmre. I dream of it o' nights, miss, so I de." "NonBense, Peggy 1 don't be a goose," said Daf- fodil ; " come and look at it with me, then you'll see that it's all right." " No, miss, no1 many thanks to you all the same ; I'd lose my wits, so I would, if it changed again ; I've been told of a place at White Water, and though 'tisn't to compare with this, and I'll get small wages, I'm going there. And-and, I came to pay my respects to you, miss j and my mother bid me thank you for all your goodness and and-" Here came a gush of tears, and Daffodil's eyes overflowed'in company. So Peggy took her depar- ture, and if the «tory she had told about the pic- ture was recalled, it was with the smiling remark that she should,have lived in the days of the "Cock Lane Ghost," "The Fatting Woman of Tutbury," and other weird notorieties, visible and invisible. Many a time did the Major visit the gallery to gloat over his bantling, many a time did Daffodil look at the treasure, wondering what beauty her grandfather could possibly find in it; the weird face, with the hollow, angry eyes, was always look- ing out-looking out as if alive-the bare hand was ever holding 'back the dim red curtain. An uncom fortably realistic picture it certainly was. Tisitors to Chesham were duly, and formally, introduced to it ; it became quite famous in the neighbourhood " Have youeeen the Hans Veller at Chesham ?" j That was the question of the day. "When I am dead and gone, my dear," the Major said, solemnly, to his granddaughter, "and when yon and your husband are living here, you will find that tbe fame of that picture 'hue become European." "Yes, grandpapa," Daffodil would reply, duti- fully. How very happy "the girl was-that midsummer 1 Letters came regalarly for her, ship letters, loving letters, that she read over and over again, till she knew them by heart. Her sailor lover could not come home till late in the autumn. In the spring they were to be married. "How is General Monk?" wrote Lieutenant Jack, in a postscript. And Daffodil, when writing in reply, Bent the astounding information that General Monk had vanished, and was not to be mentioned at Chesham Manor, under dire pains and penalties, but that Hans Veller reigned in his stead. " My preeious little darling !" said Sailor Jack, kissing his sweetheart's signature, " but who the deuce is Hans Veller ?" Daffodil was to have that very question suggested to her in a very uncomfortable way. They did not see ranch company at Chesham. Occasionally when the judges came round, the Major gave a formal dinner-party in hie house ; thai» the old family plate and Sevres china ware got out, and the old butler descended to the cellar and brought up thence rare wines and priceless. Then, too, did Daffodil-at her grandfather's request-put on robes of splendour, and the Chesham sapphires, in which she looked like a pretty child masquerading in the clothes of some fine lady. But generally grandfather and grandchild lived in the quietest way. Dr. Hamilton, from White Water, who played chess, and who was the family physician, sometimes rode or walked over, and stopped to dine. He was a grey-headed old bachelor, who had pre- scribed for Daffodil when she was a little child who looked after the Major's gout-cut off his old port ruthlessly-and ordered plain roast and boiled, with rigour. Daffodil liked the kindly physician, and was always glad when his firm step and cheery voice were heard. On the evening of the thirtieth of June, tke Doctor was dining at Chesham. Daffodil had causo to remember that date. Dinner was over, and the two gentlemen sat over their strawberries and cherries, each with his glass well filled-the Major's gout having departed. To be indoors on such an evening, seemed an absolute affront to Dame Natur», who was lavishing all her wealth on the moon-lit earth. The terrace lay bathed in the silver glory of the white, pure beams ; the shadow of the old house was black as night. There was no wind. Daffodil could hear the sound of the river, the distant barking of a dog. The window of the dining-room was open, and as she paced up and down (thinking of her sailor sweetheart) she could see the two gentlemen comfortably leaning back in their chairs, with the mellow lamp-light changing the red wine into liquid rubies, and illuminating the noble salvers and tankardB on the oak side- board. " Daffodil Í" «ailed out the Majsr. The girl stepped in through the French window. '* Will you bring me the portfolio of sketches of .Venice, my dear? I want to show them to the TJoctor," said the Major. "If it's not too mush trouble," said the polite Doctor. ' , " Not a Wt of trouble," said Daffodil. " We navena dispute about the Doge's Palace," said<jhe;Ma^0}!:' - ' ! ,;v " And your grandfather is as positive as he generally is," said the medico, "but I think he'll find that he's wrong." " We shall soon Bee," said the Major. " You will find the portfolio on the little table in the centre of the gallery. Be sure you bring the right ona-not that with the views of Athens." Daffodil tripped off, crossing the great hall, and ascending the wide stairs. Both were brilliantly lit. But the picture gallery was never illuminated except on grand occasions, when it was used as a sort of saloon. Neither lamp nor candle was wanted, however. The full moon rode high in the heavens, and its light poured in through the wide windows, falling on the pictures, and busts, and rich, dark carpet. The entrance to the gallery was closed with a heavy curtain. Daffodil pushed it aside, and made her way to the little central I table on whish the portfolio lay. This stood ex- ' actly opposite a window, in the full light ef the moon ; Daffodil, with her back to the window,,faced the f dmouB picture. With her hand upon the port- folio, she was about to raise it, when a dull, muffled, melancholy sound, that seemed to come from afar, yet to fifi the gallery, startled her, and held her motionless. It was the sound of a bell-tolling. Bewildered, she stood still, her heart heating quickly. Nobody is very brave at night, I think-at that moment Daffodil was shaking all over, for very fright. It was a doleful sound ; even in the broadest daylight it muat have been melancholy. Ih the picture gallery, with the cold moonlight streaming in at the windows, it-was more than melancholy. She raised the portfolio, and turned to leave the gallery. As she did so, she glanced at the picture-fully re- vealed hy the light from the opposite window-and she saw-or fancied that $he saw-a change pass over it. The hand dropped the curtain-the face disappeared ! With a cry she ran to the entrance, dragged back the portière, and rushed downstairs, not daring to look behind her. (To be continued.) 