PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNUAL CONFERENCE. THIRD DAY. The Conference tea meeting was held in the Moonta Mines Primitive Methodist school-<*> room on Monday evening. There was a numerous attendance. After the tea the snnnal Oonferenoe borne minion meeting was held in the church in the presence of ? Uree congregation. Hi. Hi Bower, ot Ivorth Adelaide, presided, and contributed an earnest address. Addreaaea were also given by the Bey. H. J. Pope on "Holy Ghost power and the fatherhood of God," by the Bar. 8. Wellington on " How to save man," and by the Rev. J. G. Wright on " The triumphs of the Gospel." Daring' the evening the secretary of the missionary committee, the Bey. J. H. Williams, presented the annual report, which ehowed that in mucionwy enterpriae the denomination was aggiessive, and although the miarion atationi aa ft whole in thu colony were not strong yet they were endeavoring to cope successfully with their many difficulties. A warm tribute wm paid to tte colonial missionaries who bad labored bard under trying circnmstanoes. A vote of thanks to the friends who had provided homea for the delegates waa moved by the Bey. John Goodwk, and Mconded by Mr.G. Thibklton. The church choir daring theevening contributed musical celeetiona under Mr. J. Hodge. Focbth Day. It waa decided that m Mount Barker had taken the oversight of the Wellington stations the name of Wellington be dropped from the lilt of stations. The state of the chapel* were read and considered satisfactory. The trustees of properties not insured were urgently re quested to get them insured. It was also decided to remit the question of forming' • South Australian Primitive MethodUtln suranoe Society to the district chapel com mittee; ft report to be presented to the next Conference. The missionary allocation committee's report waa read and adopted, and levies (or the district chapel fund were fixed. The Bey, John Watson, of Chaster, England, was elected delegate to the next English Con ference, and the Bey. George Warner, of St. Anstel, Cornwall, Kogiand. waa appointed vise-delegate. Missionary deputations in aid of the home s&iation; funds were appointed* The final reading of station! waa proceeded with, resulting as folloara:—^■'"ilir, John Gibbon Wright: North Adelaide, Hugh Gilmore; Norwood, Stephen Wellington; Parktide, John Goodwin, Walter Howehin {tap.}; Mount Barker, Henry Hartley, Edward Tear (sup); Kooringa, Robert J. Daddow; Salisbury, Samuel Gray; Saddle worth. W. B. Stephenaon; Strathalbya, Wil liam Jarrett; Kadina, Joseph J. Salmon; Woodcide, William Diment; Uawier, William T. Wiltshire; Two Wells, Henry J. Pope : Moonta, Thomas WeatfaeriU; BedhOl, Henry Holmes] bj.h-i-_ Arthur W« Wellington | YongaU, Henry J. Barkioson; Prospect, James H. Williams; Broken Hill, Arthur J. Bart; Port Adelaide, Samuel Bay mood; Laura, Thomas Theobald; Kapunds, left with the missionary committee; Morgan, John Wills; Dawson, John P. Lnrtou | Port Brooghton, Archibald N. McDoaald; Kan mantoo, Richard Jackson; Mannum, Henry Parkinson; Sooth Broken HilL Thomaa Allan. The Rev. Wo. Diment was appointed the general oommittee delegate for the next Con ference. : A statement was made by the Bey. Mr. EimtKT concerning the local denominational magazine, which waa considered highly aatit lt was resolved that«letter be sent to Mr. George Rohinaon. of Galtowte, expressing the sympathy .ot the Conference with him in hii fflneaa and conaequent inabiUty to attend the Conference meetings. A hope was nrprnaani that he would shortly be restored to bis accustomed health. The question of the Intercolonial Oouterenea came nnder diaoutaion. It was decided that it be held in the Wellington-squara Ohureh, North Adelaide, on Friday, October S. The basis of representation for this colony ia four minuter* and six laymen, aa fixed by the Eng lish Conference. The Beys. Hugh Gilmore, J. G. Wright, W. Diment, and J. Goodwin were elected aa ministerial delegates, with the Beys. J. EL Williams. H. J. Pope, T. Weatherill, and a Wellington aa their vioe. The election of laymen was postponed to the following day. The Rev. J. G. Wright having carefully considered the matter of bi? appointment at •gent for the nearly-initiated jubilee fund desired on Mcount of bis advancing years, and the heavy labors and continues* travelling associated with the position, to present his resisnation as agent. To this the Oonferene with regret agreed; The. resolution that an agent be appointed for this fund was rescinded, and it waa decided that there ahould be several aecreUriea, with a chief secretary *a the recog nised head. The details of the matter were referred to a committee to report at a latter stage of the Oonferenoe. It was arraneed that the next annual Con ference ahould be held in the Morphett street Chcuch, Adelaide, on February 2U 1831. 