Her Majesty's Theatre. The production of ' Macbeth ' at Her Majesty's Theatre has in the first week proved a greater financial success than either of the preceding Shakspearian triumphs of Mr. George Rignold. This is decidedly gratifying to the management and to the public, inasmuch as it proves that the taste of the public for sterling works is in no way diminished. Whether, however, it is the grand, language of Shakspeare in this magnificent work, or whether the spectacular elements and the appearance of the witches, in which the mysterious portion becomes so prominent, wiucn contribute most to tnis success, it is not far us to decide. The fact remains that the theatre has been crowded, that the audiences have been enthusiastic, and it is equally true that, while we dissent from much in the present version, and especially in the reading of some characters and other accessories, there is very much to admire, and that the spectacular part is of itself sufficient to attract large numbers for a considerable time. Mr. George Rignold has greatly improved since the opening night; his Macbeth is earnest, impassioned, and less gloomy than at first — his dress in the banquet-scene is imposing and appropriate to the period ; his fine physique is a great aid to the fitting representa tive of the brave thane, who confessed ' I dare do all that doth become a man.' His delivery of the chief speeches is also very impressive, and the banquet-scene is greatly improved as regards'the ghost business. It is a matter for regret that Macbeth and Macdufi are so unequal in size; from the appearance of the two in combat, it is evident that Macbeth might say with Samson, ' I could fell theeata blow' — and also add 'poor victory.' Had Mr. Jewett been chosen for the part of Macduff the fight might have been made a fine exhibition, and for the gentle Duncan, who bore Mb honours so meekly, the present Macduff would have been belter placed. .The sleep-walking scene is far superior to any other part of Miss Janet Achurch's representation of Lady Macbeth. In the earlier scenes this talented lady, in our opinion, misreads the character as much as she errs in the costume. Shakspeare'a plays are held in too high veneration by so large a portion oi the community for striking innovations to be readily accepted, especially in matters where the changes are contrary to the spirit of the time represented. It is a mistake for a very young actress, however talented, to enter upon such a crusade against tradition as to bring Lady Mac beth up to date by indulging in the craze for ' a something Japanese.' Mr. Jewett makes all that can be made of Duncan. Mr. Herbert Flemming is a manly earnest Malcolm, very wrongly dressed as regards the lilac stripe in his cloak, and the witches with Hecate — a great difference between the Hecate and weird sisters of former times, dis port themselves in their several scenes 'with signal success. ? . ? 