Sernels. ThIe latest I'arieianu ovelty is gloves lhasn a small p?ise insertet in the lpatln, wherein women can carry their railway tickets and small coins. A strange dleatl of a elild, near Kianso. is reported. Tile shlock of seeing a ghost in a juvenile game blrouglht on paralysis, whichl ended fatally. The ratio of the gain in converts in all the Protestant missions in Chiua, during the last ten years, is about 140 per cent., and in Japan it is over 300 per cent. Not From Chloice.-IPolicenspetnror: "Then you prefer a charge of assault against the man? "' Badly-battered One: " Well, no: if you've got something stronger I should prefer that." The famous Griast Easters gold-mine hasre turned £100,000 for the £90,000 which was gilen for it by its Fnglish purclhasers. This is said to hbe an enLpasRaleled fact in the mining history of Quernsland. The new rifle for the army is now hieing manufactured at the rate of 2000 per week, and lit is anticipated thatlit will be in thIe hands of 'tIe Queen's regular forces at tnome rnd abroad early ~xt year. An Irisbhsan just come to this country was lookingata dt?ding maehinegatwork Tliinsk ing that a squad below filled the buckets, lihe exclaimed tooa man beside hlim--"'.Be me sowl, them boys dawn below ouoht to have a good pay." This is hew the Western Chlnmpiesn sings of the golden mount:--"Glory be to Mnounot Morgan, and to Pattison, and to thie Whole Great Peusk.; As shareswere in thIe beginning, they aeesot now, and never will be, Worlt withoutlltideds !.-Ah .!-ah.me." oehool .had just 'roken np, and Bobby had arrived home, so avisitor said, "And you go to saobe; do yon Bobby ?" l: "Yes, sir." Visitor: " Let me bear-you spell okitten.'" I;: :I'mgstting toinbg to splllhitten'.; try me on 'cat." A sensation wasureeently created in thIe Na tional Temperano .Congress·.hythe disclosure that share ina reently-launched brewery ar held ,.yelergya.of the English Church. Tihe bayes .iorinde one arclhbisholp, two bishops, threedeans,fourarchldeacons , andstix canons. A movemet .k on~foot intit. Ietershurg for obsersing Sunday as.it is ssuderstood in the United.States and Great BIitain. It is said that twelve hundred tt. Peterburg merchants have already declared thlemselves willing to keep their places of Imsinses closedl on tie firat'leyd'tbhesw?ek. The natives of the Fiji Jslands have takhn up cricket through the e?osn of an enthusiast, Mr. Wallington. They.like the game muecl, althoughh?h do.not.life toionfine themselves to the orthodox eleven on each side. They play their matches with. fo?ty or fifty a sideor tribe against tribe. Mise Chamuncy, of.Connlsa, Ohio, has had a fright that-willdoubtleso teach her aleases. She used dor her ,ooplexion a mixnture af arsenic an&nitrate; of silver. Thenshe wentto the Whitauinlphur.Spriepe and.took the bathks. The sulphur decomposed thesilversalta in her ekin, an rturned her so .black that se hase gone into retirement, and ?vill .not be aseen again foreyyear. Captain Jfwoler, the ,save seaman, who crossed the.Atlantic in alittleahell of a boat, called the 2ITessesink, recently,.is in a lotof trouble. iWhile exhibiting, at .Cherboeurg, France, he pisned.all lisi;ne?sossiions on toal the lat,suanttnd ittoa sna. hehisabseaee someone sbtole nthetboat with all.it contained. The captainiis.atgresentsn the.war- path, haut has not caoght:thelsdief. The number .of rats nthat infest all the London dese ;isnwvery great, asd.the size that someof them attain.monestrous. .To get rid of them more ~than 300 cans are kept distributed through the variouse.wareausee,.end there are several "rat.catchers," in uhuman -shape, who find the neighbourhood a remunerative hunting ground. Water-rats, weighing:lb. or Glb., are often captured. A contesnpoesry ~s?a:---Smetimes fowls are troublu 'ith the uotpnlint known as bronchitis, though itis of rare occurrence. It is distinguished from other forms of disease accompanied by coughs by the.abtenoe of any discharge from the eyes or nostrils. The best and most sinmple.remedy ieaoegg beaten up in vinegar, and streaggy -eaweetened with honey or coarse sugar, and a tea spoonful given to the bird every three hours; soft food seasoned with cayanne,-abould be given, and te hirtflelp;inrlnaarm place. At the Shaneditoh Tabernasle,a .Msonday night, 18th orember, Mr. Nir, wino was in. troduced as the " Rev Hugh Prioe Huglhes's right.hand nans," said the conaductora of tIhe \Vest End Missiin had decidcd,~as aaeuns of giving the Gopel-to the richb, tovisit every 'aunsio in the West 'End, andlivite the oc eupants to Gaopel .meetings at.~t.?.Joames's Hill. He was eae.hundrelis wreld respond. His Royal Highness othe Prince cf Wales woald be includ edIn thosevisited. The Kaiser Wii~belm,whihois toinantain the Gersran floating edhnition, :is asetsoer.with out masts and Mpging, Jlving elength of :Sl?t. and a width of .Lft. .-sc- aele the larget vessel afl t,.and her.middle ldeck will beocnapied with ight eanhibition halls and gleries. There rill aso .be pavlions on ek, restaurants, sedrooms, concert halls, ,and ,eaiing-rooma. Her miseion.is to.txhibit the:4raucts of the Seenman Empire ito tIhe s veworld, and the .ooysge :is-expetead to last two.years. Duringnhisdimmehle wIlleall .atoi?hty 'different peori,<antl s;mat stanch far serenil days. The 'erpellition has Ibel en pprosaoted ,by the Deuteelher IFxpo't \Venin, antardelLatnrt from the parto tHllnts rg. .Mr..J. IL Dow, the Vnotoria Minister of IWands, r?oeatly delivered allecturon "' Ag~-i sllltural Pggresa in Victork,";attfeelong. sin the.curse.e4t his lecture, he stated,says;?the Ag-,that 4kheannual value ? t?he.gri?ultust! 1prodiucts .eof tle colony, indluding earming. ssineAca.tftaitnrewing. and .hlirg'in, -reprs -enteti~insruspor figures £11 ,OditlO sterling, Shtus pearly tnbling the comtinedriadustrins dawosolgrowing-.nd mining. tltingthlce.paat saana ?yers the laud under tillnge Ibad in encased 1,g 1,000.00 acres, wlilletleeratabla vta.ofn,-ountry lands had inureasefi from £5t1000i00i to 455,000,000 steling. The valse~of the cereal?crops Ilad risew tluding tihe same I~seiI from ,'2,750,000 to B0;004H000. He ~satiipated that eventually the dairying indnsavy wnald ireach to five timnes~che.annsuu valuesnfshescreals, chile, unless fiaeniininlg induo(toy iincce.sed its s-tput hLargelyjsd lave the coadolt?opething Letter than at p?gesst, the ordaeie,sinnyards &cr.;, would surpoase the co?oisedratals of te grain.elds, hbeep pastures, and gs1d-mine. Hen Pecln'Yiuad: So ysaou're been set?ting nnarried dsning ws' ansensr ! Who was the beat man? Hens ~ 4ck (sorrorfully) : Maria. Zir. George Lslitie the Poise MIagistrate at trybrour t, is .e:idently afathlerly sorto son. In gnvsIga :nar the beacfit of the First Olfunders' Prontioniat, recentl?y, hetold the 1his?ocr if he brake sat with thIe arink again it oa!l up with Iril; e? might at well throw i~mug~ into the riv-er. lie bopse sincerely thutibe would tuon ,v-n a new leaf, snow as Ihe ueaagod tradesmea, and heI knew evhere lihe csld get work at ocne. Pi be sasw len in the strneet deink after this, lie would only have to say tso jiiaself, "There yen are, George ; you hIavet sade a fool of yeaueld again, anodtt tihe man go." Thle prisoner seauenal very grateful for tie thance given, and ssare hIe wnuld nerer toach Asink again. At the dot, one evening recetly, several menbers were Cexpresshing their opinionsn as to the probtele oect of thie Australiau systcm of woting. One thoaght it would Ihelpoea party, _aod another thosght it would hace the op pecite effect. Anaother thought it eaouldl de cres?se thie total vorte, while another expressed the soninion that it wanolI have no appreelahle effect fn that direction, "1 tell you what it is, fel?eas," said one, hlo hIn1 been listening. "you dun't know anything about it. When a man is aelane witlh hIis God alnd hIis lead.pen. cil, )yau .n a't tell what it'11 do," 