MARYBOROUGH. (From, a Correspondent.) •THE festival of Ireland's patron saint was duly celebrated here. In the forenoon two Masses were said in St. Augustine's Church, there being large congregations. Sports were held in the afternoon in Prinoe's Park, and notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather there was a very fair attendance. Numerous entries were received for the various events, which were well contested, and a thoroughly good day's sport was provided. The financial result will be satisfactory. In the evening a lecture on " John Philpott Curran" was delivered in;the Town Hall by Bev. Fr. Brennan, of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat. The rev. gentleman, who displayed thorough familiarity with the life and works of his illustrious -countryman, treated his subject in a masterly style, eliciting frequent and hearty tributes of applause from the audience. Mr. Wilkinson, J.P., moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr. Casly, J.P., and carried unanimously. The drawing of prizes in connection with the Boman Catholic Presbytery Art Union, was subsequently held, under the supervision of his Worship Mayor Logan. AH SING, the most famous Chinese out of the flowery kingdom, was called to his fathers last week. He is the original of the Chinese opium joint keeper in "The Mystery of Edwin.Drood," Dickens' uncompleted novel. Ah Sing died in poverty, and although he bad been a bad man in his day, he refortned before he died. THE 25th December, as Christmas Day, was not celebrated as the birthday of Christ until A.D; 337. At that time a commission was appointed by . St. Cyril, Bishop of Jerusalem, with the authorisation of Pope Julian, to discoyer, if possible, the exact day of Christ's nativity. This resulted in the Christian Church accepting 25th December as the day for the celebration. Previously to that Christmas had been observed as a movable feast, and until the alteration of the calendar in" 1752 the anniversary of Christ's birth was celebratedJon Old Christmas Day. The birth of Chris? it has been computed, should be placed four years earlier than that ordinarily WHT KEMAIN DEAF? • Deafness, Noises in the Head, &c; r completely cured by the new, patented, scientific Eiectro- Medicafion . Treatment "Perfectly simple, self-applied.. awd painless." Advice and de« 8criptivStolMet free from Professor Harvey, of' the ^SSKPClimc,'*. 145 Collins SEr>et. iNo-ear diH8B^ec«sary.—[ADVTil 