TALL TALK. BY Phab-I kek. Tin: Hialtli Commission, which has been sitting ai;,J travelling and hearing evidence and talking for fo long, lias at last Jinif>licd its labours and m .is'x'il its hands and face and made its repo t - lrat wiml "f that? Thai's just whatsimilar Commissions linve been doing for years pist with the same result, the mill result being t,il. We still live uuder the baneful shadow of mo lie disease, and while Hoards pre silting and experts are piating, husbands and wives nnd j.|]i!:iri'n are being hurried to premature graves, ;l.„l nil the time there are more lilne-books full of "nine saws and modern instances" than the Premier could carry even if he were not half so fat as lie if Now that the typhoid 11111 diphtheria season is far advanced, the Board of Health is beginning to i'iih its eyes and wake up for the purpose of jm|i uring Ihe various munieip • litics to wake up, ^mi, and provide eo-ne lie inmniodation, under • uivas if need lie, fur poor people who are being ,|,iiiv turnel awav from hospital doors to die as hni-t they may. Kut l-Sumbledo:n must not be hurried. Even though Huinblcdom has slept its biiiins into train nil, it mu.-t not b; awakened too suddenly, for that hurts its nerves and makes it querulous and disp.ise.l to say " no, it shan't/' just out of sheer ji-1 vi rsity. bumbledom, then, does just what it iiiies or, larher, leaves everything undone, just to sjioiv its authority—for. unfortunately, it has authority, and enu say "No ' in the wrong place i very time, and there is no appeal from its ehueklc-headed decision, or want of decision. It Miinetiines put on its fur- tipped gown and chain ami cocked hat and tries to think the matter out to the best of its ability, but just then remembers tinit it is due at an agricultural show or a circus, ami so inuehes oil' with all its gorgeous insiuuia on iiw perS'in and puts otl* sinitutiou to a more convenient season. I'eople ale now- demanding to know what is to be dime to make the city of Melbourne (to say nothing (if the country towns) lit to live in, anil who is to 110 it. Meanwhile, grim death rubs bis ribs iiiiTeMier with a chuck!-', mid grave-diggers are j-^-iMiioc abnormally under their extra work, whilst an unbroken line of funerals tell< that the fever- 111 iid is still triumphant. 1 he Hoard of Health refers lis to the (Jovcrnitient, the (lovc-nme.nt refers us to the City Council, uinl the Citv Council refers us to a Metropolitan IS till-1 of v'Vorks, whi.ih is not, never ua«, but jiUvays is to lie, whilst some people blame the prt-s.'iit st te of all'airs on Fitzgibbou the immovable. Tne lact is til tt the sanitary or in.smit iry afi'.tirs of Melbourne are presided over by a sp rit that laughs at our calamities and mocks when ocr fear riirueth, an iwl-like spirit tliat sciveches by night mill ii blind by day and stupid all the time." This spirit [ lately sought out in the silent watchcs of the night, and when 1 felt the cold damp shadow of its iiimicdutc presence I drew tightly around me the ample folds of potato lug which docs ihity as my mantle of oflice and challenged it as Hamlet did his father's ghost:— " Ho tbou aspintoi hnitth or goblin damned, Tliou com'st in such a questionable 6haite That I will speak to tbue." l'"indiug that this kind of Tall Talk did not fetch the spirit at all, I dropped the heroic tone, and asked the ernes itne one in plain Anglo-Saxon it lie would have a drink, and tell me his name, occupation, last place of abode, and ag-? last birthday. To this he replied that he must not tell tales out of school, hut would take a drink with pleasure if hr could get it hot enough. This at first surprised me, as the glass stood at 100' in the shade, but if enabled me at any rate to guess "tile spirit's last place of abode. 1 began then to foil a Kaust like terror creeping over tne, which rapidly increased as I saw the ghostly one drop a handful of microbes into his whiskey, which was reeking hot, and then gulp it down at one draught, and smile as he tipped the dregs into the glass of a man who stood next him. It must be leiuembered that the spectre was only spiritually discerned, but I discerned him, as on the occasion referred to I was endowed with a splendid discernment for spirits. He then folded his gory bony wings, and said thai if 1 chose he would tak-* a walk with me and show me. some of the leal marvels of Melbourne. " A great city this, truly," said he, as we walked along. " A city that likes booms in everything, and no half laughs. We have (.and Booms, Silver booms and Typhoid IlioniR, aud in the latter I am hnand to say 1 have done very well No, I cau't complain at all, ' he continued, picking his teeth with the arrow head of his tail, "they play iuto my hands very well. In some cities I can't get a show, but here they give lac every chance." " Where shall we go first ?" hi remarked, with the self- satislied air of a showman. I suggested. I suggested the sewage and filth depot outside the city. He simply laughed at my simplicity, and rcu.arked, " All, no ! 1 cau show you something far better than that nearer home " In the manner of the great I)r. .Johnson he then satirically observed, "Sir, let us take a walk down Bourke street." Hereupon In; handed me a disinfectant, which he said was a secret invention which he would not sell u> the medical profession for a whole fortune, lie was the only person who lini a preventive for typhoid, and he intended to keep it to himself, lint as I was not a had sort, he would give me a pinch, which lie accordingly did, out of a box grotesquely carved out of a child's skull. As wc walked along he seemed very merry— probably at the prospect of a good season — and made funny remarks here and there, which appeared to lne like, jokes from the grave. Amongst other things he said, " 1 here is Federation iu the air; do you not sniff it?" I replied that 1 sniffed a breeze as from a charucl house. He immediately caught lit the idea and rejoined, "Yes; that is from Sir Henry l'arkes' Dead House." Stopping me for a moment lie Haiti, '' Do you see those barefooted Hi f lu children playing in 1 he gulter there ? They are nil mine, and I shall call tin m l.ome t ) roost soon." lie then pointed to the swishing, swirling stream of filth runuiug down the channel, and, giving me a dig iu the ribs with his tail, he warbled— " Hog how it sparkles, this drink divine." He then observed that it was getting chilly (although I was sweltering in perspiration), and that wc must push on. He wanted to show me the pelb.cid Yarra Ynrra by nioonl ght. He told mo that with this beautiful river he won all along the line, and said in a waggish sort of way, with a wicked leer on his face— "Shall wo Rather at tlio river?" It was no hard matter, he went on to say, to cajole the authorities iuto a'lon'ing felbnongers, wool washers and others of that ilk to run their muck into the, river, and quite lately lie had put it iuto their heads to empty the Swanston-street sewer on its limpid bosom. He now reaped a fine harvest from that spot where the sewer and the river joined. Here lie hummed a stanza of " The Meeting of the Waters," for there was much fun in the old ghoul. " TIiobg boating sheds yonder," said he, "are my peculiar care, aud whenever I see a party go out for a pull I shake hands with myself, aud treat myself to a dozen fresh microbes otl the half shell. It's awfully jolly to see them starting out with ' pleasure tit, the prow and beauty at the helm, and then to think that within a week some of them will turn up their toes to the daisies. JJ it business before pleasure, I say. You might not think it, but 1 am a keen business man. After all, what is business amongst you but cutting each other's throats I deal iu mortals," said he, " but my only fear is that I am getting overstocked with the Melbourne brand. ' Thinking it ajirojion here to pass a commonplace compliment, I asked him how he found business. " I'retty well, on the whole,' 1 lie replied, " but he looked for better results in the autumn." 1 then desired to know whether he was concerned iu any other ventures than thefc he had pointed out, and he remarked that he had an interest in a few dairies, butchers' shops and small green-groceries, but that he gave most of his attention to the wholesale, and traded chiefly in Yau Yeau, Yarra- Yarra aud gutter materials. People seemed to like his goods, he said, aud most of them kept his leading lines on their premises. The taste for thein was acquired, but grew on one rapidly. He then asked me if I would care to take a turn round the West Melbourne and Kllwood swamps •and the Yan Yean resirvoir, but 1 replied that I had seen and smelt enough for once, llefore parting lie pointed to a man who was watering the street with a hydrant, and remarked iu a selfgratulatory way that all those men were iu his pay and helped him a lot. It saved him the trouble of goiug to the reservoir so often, bccause be could easily dash in a few bacteria and other odds and ends at the open hydrant. It economised his time. Iu a few moments conversation just before separating lie observed that there wore a few silly people who wanted to put him dow n, but they had been trying that game for j'tars without success. They liul i conventions and commissions to no end but he wns always at their sittings and had a plan of putting them to sleep that they knew nothing about, lie geuerally managed to get them to forget the subject iu hand and talk about poisoning rabbits and simplifying divorce. He then spread his bony, but-like wines, and o'er me there passed a blast as from a newly-opened tomb. I awoke, and fo ind that I had been in a sort of trance. In that tiance, however, 1 had h arned that the ruler of the sanitary depai tinent of Melbourne is a spirit—the spirit of evil —and not Kitzgibbon, or any other mortal, and that this spirit has been sent by glim death to watch over the. interests of filth, aud preach the gospel of dirt to a pei pie who love wealth more than health, anil are ouly wise when their pocket is touolie i. Oveii the UdAunEK,—The landlady. Vutokian divines of the wlioin-the registrarhas joined-together-lct-iio-nian-part-nsunder order want to clinch the marriage rivets, and, having failed to arouse popular indignation here against the Divorce Bill reserved for Her Majesty's assent, are now appealing from our own people to tl.e Imperial veto branch of our dependency's legislation. Sliiels, however, the father of the bill, is pushing his baby in a semi-credcntialled perarnbulatoralong Downing-street pur icus, whiletlie astute (Jillies staves off the irate deputatirmists' wrath with the blind assurance that Sliiels does not in any way represent the Yictoi i in (Government, though he ((iillies) gave him (Sliiels) a wee bit paper to Sir (Jraliam lierry and a general introduction to the flunkies of the Colonial Oflice. It is soothing to be assured that, "A -S'h iris amaiiK 'em taking notes. An', faitli, Jie'U jirenL 'em." The Herald tells the talc of a man who was " killed by a bale of wool." It appears that the wool waylaid its victim on a recent dark niglit, garrotted and slew him, and then knocked up the nearest undertaker and ordered his funciul. liythe-way, the scurviest kind of criminal has turned up in ail ex-Melbourne Pressman, who has brought black disgrace on the honourable order of Dohemianism in this city. Hogarth Crawford's pitiful dodge, it is alleged, was to order Hash funerals in the assumed character of a bereaved father, pay in advance with joey cheques of an over-amount, and pocket 1 he change iu cash. His by-play consisted in visiting doctors' residence', ostensibly for advice, and hoard! g-houses, apparently for apartments, aud walking oil' with small valuables, which he carefully pawned. It is humiliating to know that Crawford was a reporter on Sandhurst, Melbourne anil Adelaide papers iu his time, and for sonic years he ot'Cupiedfcho responsible position in Sydney of corresponding and confidential clerk to the Colonial Sugar Co. 