MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. By W. C. P. I atrsr begin by stating that I never cared for parrots--in fact, as a child, I dis tinctly fgared and disliked them. One of miy eaili~st recollections is that of a l~nriit ikept by. sne of *py aunts wonlo 1 ofton viited. It seomed peacedble i dd qLuet enough;. and liad nmuch.freedom, whin it woueld :meander gently about the rboin, neither tnklting ntice of nor molesting. ny one. Emboldendil by this conduct;=.I thought I might venture to tease poor rolly, so, ereepirg under the table, I very genily pulled its tail. Deeply moved and incensedby this insult, Polly flew straight at me and bit my finger. I acknowledged the justice of the punishment; still, in fright and rain, I screamed aloud, when inmy fint astl n?re flew..t.t.tie. rescue. and restoredn the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and tried to peck my eyes out and hit.my. cheeks ; .it never forgot nor. forgave the liijiry, bilt tnrisl to bite ime whenever it was, loose, fling at me-and pecking whlierever it eoiild, till at last it became;. . sbort of sil ]ati-nim aid terror to me,andr I Tricnted ineih tears of the inrong I bad comii-tted against it.. Full sf years and liattrd, it tt st yielded up the ghost, to smy pesc of mind ard its mist?sss e next pnirot I became scqitininiod with didll notling to exalt his race in my eves. lie belonged to a sea captain, and we came across hlim in lodgings at the sea side. His language wans profanity itself, and besides that lie was a tale-bearer. 'lloKbert kissed the cook; oh, fiel" was screanied out by him suddenly one day, and by this a discovery was made of a love siory, which" shooks the pillars of domestic peace?; a jealous housemaid haviing taught him the phse . . I always tihink of this parrot as a "bilm," for I should he grieved to think of any respectable lady-bird iisgracing herself and sex by very "' lig, big Its "that unrighteous bird utsed staily. My thinrd parrot friend was a grey one, and tlenlved to Admiral Blank-also a sea g,:ing bid, lnbut how different lhad been his education! Ile was a thorough gentleman, full of conversantion on many topics, clever at whistling. and able to sing a good song when occasion offered. It was in the Iln:r.ils I met him. We all lived in a lovely garden at taclhed to the hotel, where separate little hou.es were built, each with sitting and bed rooms, nscmling to the require ments of the guests. be had one house and Adlmiral Bl:nk another, and Polly used to spend hIis time in a large cage perched up in a tree, where he was very happy and rcoversiational, and became quite friendly with n:e as 1 gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a huge negro slave, up wards of six feet high, as black as a coal, but a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily-white duck suits and a tall white hat, who was told off to attend to thre garden houses. Ilis name was "White," on the Icuis a non liucendo prin ciple, I presume, and "White! White!" mirglht often be heard shoutedt through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral lilank; when White woull lhv with an obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel harl-by. One morning I had seen tile adtl:ira'l start off, resplendent in uniform, an knew lie was goneo; I was surprised, therefore, to hear "White! White!" called in his tone of voice. I could not under stand it, as 1 had never left the garden since lie went away and lhad not seen him return. Neither could White. lIe came rsnnini and perspiring, went to Admiral Bhlnk's house, and then looked about the garden, but eould not find him. Then, sup posing lie had made a mistake, lie returned to the ivory- teethled,grinning,bhlack laundry maids, in the courtship of whom he had been intermnptsd. "White I Whitel" once more resouided through the gardens, this time in very ansry tones. White came in fear and basIe to find--no one; and tile illusion was repeated several times, that day. I speedily discovered tlhat olly was the enaler, antl, alas! next day so did White. and in his anger and spite he would have killed the Ibird had I not been there to protect him. Manli a fruitless ilia did I'olly give him after that, for masters'i "Wilite" and Polly's "White!" were abso lutely indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be possessor of two.parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened thus: We went to India, and I was com pletely fascinated by'the crowds of green parrots we saw in the plains. It was a never-failing source of delight tonme to see them flying in flocks, often hundreds at a time, with the rays of the desceonding sun glistening on their emerald-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made green by reason of the multitude of parrots that liad settled on its branches; or again, at sunset, to see the green parrots flying about the white marble minarets of the glorious Taj-Jehal,orddarting about,frolick ing in the expiring rays. To me they were thre most lovely of India's birds. One'scene connectediwitli parrots is;froii its perfect beautv,oftmen present in mymindl At a certain residency, one of thet finest in Nortlhern India, there is a fountain con stantly playing, anil in the early morning the parrots gather together in vastnumbers to drink uant bathe in its running waiter' and basin. To see their graceful curves and upwardn flights before dashing through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so ding, wras a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness difficult to stirpass. The parrots at this residency are almost' tame, for every morning faur or five caged ones are let loose to be fedl; and downi comed all the wild ones to share their flast. . The early iorening is the time to see timesbirds at their brightest and beet;. At thoefirst glimpse of the rising sun they forsailke their night's reting-places and fly shrieliing forth in search of food, and on many a tree they may hbe seen pulling off the preioul hberiies and fruits. UAlas the mahlli's (gnardener's) lheart does not warin toparrotd, for their imlture is to work dlestrutloin wherever they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat--as the uin ripe mangoes lying at tie foot of a mangbe tree will testify. Seeing my admiration of andi enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, withl whom I was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vaeil I repmrentedto them that it was the beauty and life of the wild ones I admired, and that I thought raged ones would be sorry representatives of their kind. But no, tlhe fates would have it otlerwirie. : Some misguided parrots iuilt their nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and some of.,the young birds were taken otiit and brought into the house. WhIen I inspected them I could hlarlly. believe they were par rots. They looked like very yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white claws ahd a red beak, aind not a vestige of a feather, and miore firmly.tihan ever I declined to have alstsing to say to them. However, they were put in a basket and fled every-two hbours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and waslled down:w-itl wreter, and to my dlisgust I was expected to assist them to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived with a cage full of hill parrots, two parelit biirds, and a family of young ones.. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed them all and said we Would buy some,:and returned the others. The man sent back a polite mes.age.tlhat now we had touched .thie irds sitd'isibuld break hIis caste to take them back, and unlecs we would buy tlhem h?esli must kill them. We felt grieved to tlinklof their nu timely fate, so purclhased the whole family; tlhouglh it was no light mitter to contem plate stufling six more biids with pills the young birds were even uglier than our own, though the parent birds were lovely, bright green withll red on eachl wing, antind a red ring round the neckl. Well, the time for my departure arrived, and I said noth ing about the parrots, and fondly hoped they ihad been forgotten; when as the train was about to more off, up came a servant with a little cage con t:ining two young birds ant a brown papler pircel conttiining douigh. I felt a goodt deal, but politeness madle nme offer the best Ithanks I eoult muster ilup in msy vexation. tiff we sttrted, and very soon the birds began to nmke ia crooning noise--n sountd I had learnedl to dctest, for it meant that theiy were hIungriy and that the time had arrived for tihe dough to be uitilised. With a btiad grc..e I toolk tlte so sy lapI, o...ned their bills, turn ainout, and luokel th:e bohtlses down. At last the "Torredlo" tookl a header amongst miy skirts, a signi that hIe was satisiedi, andl tile "Whale" rolled his eyes and looked as if he were dying, which was his sign of repletion. The above were the names of my new prot(gqs, the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolt ing headforemost anywhere and in any thing the moment he had eaten enough. There was a popula itng some years ago ealled "The Torped. and, the Whale," so thd latter name follhfeolatrrrall" for rim .friends,'though I handhevii· hbard tileditty. This minal was_ the begihninh ofe siimilar repnsts' administere~d- about ectery two lhoi' dayv and night for bnii dfi s?whileii qtfito suddenly Torpedo put on atSntirely new suit of the vividest green with long blue tail-feathers," which with his little bright red hill transformed him from being ugly to a thingof beauty; and one day, at Wateons llotel, Bombay, he suddenly flow from the balcony right round the room, so, ind?ar. lest lI..hbouild..fly?r. ay, I. cutt lis wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They st}l re quired feeding.with tle pills. The.voyage home they performed in a basket, and Torpedo became so tame, he would follow me about the ship iko ai little dog. At tlii tiie they c?i?qiied ahibit of 'sirteling eai-pi reing yells. They reached Eldulanil in summer, and amed very well white the wiri weathlir last.ed ; hut. siiddel ilii teriaely cold.frosty h vat er sct in, with sleet and snow,, and the poor patrrots lodkbd nd seemeinid mierable. One night the tiiiiomCteti sank to 28 degsres beloi" zcb. Abolit eleien o'clock at night I heard the little Torimedo iiustliig ahout and t?ying ti get out of its ci?ge. So I took, it to the fie, wiii-ied and fed. it, and it went fiist asleep on mny knee. At last I put it back in its cage, covrdiid it iell rip, and weht to bed. The next morning my German hoiise maid caime to my bedroom, amid $aid, " Oi, madam, I have sucli fqiry had new?a to gif you. You vill be so Eorry." . I conjured hei to tell me the worst at'once, but she Ikipt me in suspense some time ldngoin repeat ing hotw grieved I should be, and at last handed me a newspaper parcel coiitaining my little Toipedo lying dead. It appears she found the poor little soul on the floor with its head between it bookt-so and the will, frozen to death standing upright.. I tried to revive it in every way by puttingit near the fire, &c.;, but all in vain- life was extinct. It is now stuffed, and under a glass case, but it has lost all hold on my affection, as it is.inot one whit like i say living, , saucy, loving, minischievous I Torpedo. The Whale wasnow left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. I16 was allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cage, whereas in the time of the late lamented Torpedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit-bits to eat, and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red i feathleis on his wings and a rosy .ring around his neck; his temper became genial, and lihe learned the noble art of conversa tion, and, to the servants' delight, called them all by their names.. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for malking tliemnseles i respected, butiit the same timne iigratilting themselves with other animals. . Many a time I have gone to. the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but, tli whole floor swarming with aiimals, n ii.: six pugs, father, mother, and foiu. little I ones, one Cat and one kitten, a hiuge Mount 1 St. Bernard dog, and a onnary, and amongst I them all, proudly strutting abobut, Torpedo and the 1 hale. If Leo, the big dog, were in. front of the fire, the .arrots would mcalimly. pinch his toes ori .ms tiilttilll hb made place for them; and the kitten and i parrots played games together, rolling over I and over. The Whale, amongst other ac complislments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. Be also greatly enjoyed my music when I pilayd, I but he preferred scales and exorciss, liis t t.iste being purely classical. Whenever I] began the. former lie would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, anid thleri flutter shout just as if he. were taking. a bath. Than one by onel he would abstractmy hair- - pins, till at last my Imir.w6uld fall dwni, and in that he would ilunge and bathe with extreme relish. This wiasnot ni amdisemlient he was often permitted to iiidulge in, liow ever. At this time we had a ;b'uttons," Roblisoii by name, who wis. the cross of t eiverybody in the house except his miaster, who continuually took. his part,, and ex plained that all his shortcomings .arose from. too much petticoat. gov-ernmeiit in the, kitchen. One day the Whale wns muttering to hims?lf a good deal, and at last clearly deivered himself of the folloi ing: "Robinson, Robiisioni whatever ar6 you doing, you. bad boy ,You're a very 1 anughty bo;y. Go to b?ed at onrc, sir I Do you hear?" and this exactly in the cooks voice; and he used to scoldlobuinion louidly in other words alio, showing the frednency of t1e thinig in his hearing in the kitchen iwliere lie lived. lie loved to be out, ii the i garden, and would clinmb a tied .itli great agility aril joy, pulling iiiuih of tlioe iark ff as. he aecended. o 1 ii and the Torpedo entirely picked to pieces aind.deinolished,a favourito wicker Airmclaiir ,·hich my a mother -in-liaw had given, us to a bps inda thhit she greatly valued, hicl wiis sadit l We decided upon rouTiitiiig India, and the q'ieition arose, What wns to locomo of 1 thie Whiale? -lie had many Englidl Heariibs and. lomes at his.disposal, for le lid en deired himself to many peoile by iis win ning ways iand clever talk. , itwo resolved to let hul once mor enjoy the goureoous Eastand Jlthecenesofhiseirlyvyosithl. bowie got a smill cage, cutoff lis g thil s tiidt lie might fit in, made a red birze cover to show off his complexion-I ibliea his i ? green feathers--bought some bird seed, iind there viws o'1', ai grand ciniplet for the ooy age. e liketd, the sea.n and-ws very hiliarious, tilliiig aind whistling away and ninking?] fhiiinls withl evryone...Ie used to sit p;erchedl up on my deck:-cliir, wlhile oervar one broigllt liim daiinties frci table amnd the various ports' we stiipjiicd t.., 'TljteI was ai iactress on l?do.tid th cillelitiid I. Dash,;" the Sylph ofhe Arenj','lii Wnasnot a favourite m tli'sihe hip 81iS iians loidi in her dress, speechi and main idnm; aiLd of i tlirst" tempernmient. One doy tlie lihad fillei sweetly asleep oni a ddclcl-chai, with her moitli wide openi and s?ioring, irithl a, most lirish displhy of fleslh-colouied silk stockiriga.. I snw the Whliaie, oliisery ing her.: and pfeseitly, befodre .l coIla caitch him,n lie elimibed downi. nmy chair, skutrried across thei deck, and. elimtid ip her shiny shoes and pik silk lc u. It must ieally have been very ,pain ful .for. her, as .lhis claws were very shirp.-i She woke. up with it lidill .ecream of bitterest anguish, ii~d I hurribduip toIl mIpslogibe and to rescuoe lueri.from, hier a?wi nward position I regret to iy tlii?tb,-so much the worse for hIumian nhture-many of the passengers rejoiced loudly it, lier pisfdrtune. Thus,'iiniakiing friencds and foes the lWhale andwearrivedat Madras. There, at tlio end .of our sitting-roma, was an, imiiiefise :vera-ndali, nd iheir the Wliale lived, ileaseed to renew liis aciluaintsnco ith lsigareane, but disgisted with the ants and crows. Iil food had codnstaiintly to be changed oinaccouit of the fodrmer, and the latter used.to come aind .eat his breaid aiid wsite~; then his rfae ii?d fry were terrible to witnes, and all tIs iolding he lieid, lenimed, intended for Roloinori, he levid lit tlheir h!eads, iind finally learned to craw exretly litId tlihey did.. Iicre.w setup a Madrassoe "huy," and thu hkeejt that un fortuinate servanntprettybusy runningaionut as lI leiurned to call "'boy!" both in his ninster's airid mistress's voice. lie visited Citlcutta, Ceylon, and various places in Indian, and gaiiined health, strenigth, and new words ii lhis native land, anil learnt to fltcir me y ealling ont "'Pretty, pretty" whlinut-ier he saw me. During his resildence at the dalive-nientioned northern presidency the jior little fetllow iecanme very ill, gasped for breath, refused all foodl except whalt lihe tootifrom myhlips'fluffed up his featlhers,and ooldied iiteously at me for help; hlie seemed perfctly miserable except when pierchedl upon imy hland, the only time lie ever seemed to sleep, ad in spite of everything we tiisl, hle expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a tdeari iiend, and truly we had, forhe htad cheered us ulp in many a gloolmy nmoment by his cheery and affectionate ways. lie wras buried in a lovely garden briglit with variedt iid fmgsnit clusters of 1,lossoms-a fit resting- place for such a child of nmlture. 