SOME CURIOUS I N V E N T TONS, j A contributor to the A'eic Tori- World has ; been amusing himself by rummaging among the specimens of new inventions stored in the Patent Office at Washington. Many of them are amusing, and some decidedly crazy.' A PBACTICAELE BABV Ait) A USAIJSTIC COW; There .ire, perhaps (the writer tells us) two thousand +oys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll patented by a German, and it consists of a doll babv sittins on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe •shi'ih runs into the bottle, and, goinsr into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through the doll'st head, machinery is set to work bv which the doll begins to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and oat into the pan. Another toy of much the j same order is the toy cow. which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. Tfce inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and rune back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while being milked. PAT2XT CATS. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884. It is a cat of paste-board or tin. for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which ia worked by clockwork and has a bellows inside it which swells np its tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly aet it will emit a noise eoual to the wildest of midnight &teniBtula;(s*-awi.it has In addition steel claws and teeth. Y1>u wind it np, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it. and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. FOECnra HEX'S TO LAY EG-SS. There is a patent machine here for forciog hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens* nests have five or six. false glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails. The most curious among thcin, •however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjustable false tail for horses. ADJUSTABLE PL'LPrTS- The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can be lowered aud raised to suit the size of the lovers." On the same principle is the adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up aud down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightorlower it to suit. BEAOTTFtJX. XOSF.6. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. The nose-improver is one of the most curious of these patents. It has made, it is said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of right weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until yon get tired of it, when you buy a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, bat still beautiful- ARTIFICIAL GHOSTS. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a hone being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After evety great grave- robbery metallic coffins come in by the score, and I looked at one coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos sible to move it except by a derrick. 