CHAPTER XXX.-NO NEWS Dominic Galr rode away from the rail way-station In an excited,"turbulent, boil ing-over state of mind. The movements of the Yanderspurs were incompre hensible ; there was bub one thing to explain lb all, he [considered-a want", of confidence in him-nothing else that could possibly explain It-and he would never forget it, or forgive lb, unless Fortuna was the victim of some deeply laid diabolical plot between that wretched old Vanderspar and that canting, hypocritical, snivelling old Marney-the two partners In a firm that had failed some ten years ago under exceedingly Bhady cir cumstances-men who would do any thing-men who had done everything to bolster up their credit, the confidence of the trade, of their bankera, of their creditors generally-and who had come to grief at last with a run. Yes-men who would do anything evidently !-that was the seoret of it all. He kuew he was nob easily hoodwinked. Poor Fortnna! By Jove, he should go stark, staring mad, and be rollicking about somewhere in a straight-waistcoat and" with his head shaved in the course of a few hours. He knew he should-there was nothing to Btop him that he could see. After he had galloped his cousin Ber nard's round to the stables he was ab his wits' end what to do. What he really did the remainder of that day he was never able to remember. He felt sure In his own mind that he should her from Fortuna in the morning-that there would be a long letter from her full of the most elaborate explanations, the deepest sympathy with th.B anxiety from which Bhe would be Bure he was suffering-"a foil, true, and particular accounb" of everything. And there was no letter not a postcard-not the ghost of a sign of her existence. What did It mean? Fortuna would not have lent herself to a plot to deceive him-she who was the very sublimity of truth and candour! Had she not insisted on his knowing the whole story of her father's malversations, his punishment, his prison life, so that he mighb be quib of her If he would-If her family connections were a trifle embarras sing to his. But Bhe had been debarred from writing-something had happened there had nob been time-she would send him a telegram in the course of the day he would have patience and wait. He had nob any patience, but he waited. And aB our readers-who are In the sacreb -are already aware, he waited In vain. Poor Fortuna was raving then-un conscious of Dominic's anxiety concerning her-a prisoner in the Bhabby house of Wickerwill-struck out of the dally cur rent of active life for a time as com pletely as her father WBB, who, covered over with a white sheet, was quietly awaiting the coroner's inqueBt on all that was left of him. Surely it was impossible that Bhe had any WIBIL to get away from him, or was certain that he, Dominic, was not to be trusted- that could nob account for her silence, thought Dominic, when the day had dragged its Blow length along without any tidings of her-oh ! no, that was not likely. She must be 111-perhaps she was murdered, like the heroine of the "shil ling shudders"-only there was no object in killing her that anyboby could fathom. He would wait till the next day, before he acted precipitately; people said that he was headstrong, rash-blundering even at times-bub what a mistake that all was ! Here he waB in Scarborough still, patient and uncomplaining, watchful and waiting, almoBb afraid to move least he should miss a message to him or a clue to her. He was sure in his hearb thab nexb morning would clear np the mysbery of the Vanderspurs' disappearance that Fortuna would explain lb her self he thought after dinner when he was inclined to be less despondent and see less shadows before him. And bhe nexb day was silence also. Fortuna was jasb able to talk faintly to Miss Wickerwill and to doze off again-to wonder vaguely about Dominic and then drift away Into dream land-and our hero gave up ab last the passive method oC considering bhe position. The waiting game had never agreed with him and now waB the time for action short, Bharp, and decisive. He set the wires ab work on his own acoount to begin with. He telegraphed to Caleb Yander» spur at his city office; he telegraphed to Eugenie Vanderspnr at Brelade Mansion, Streatham; he telegraphed to his mother, Mrs. Galr, of Robq Cottage, Tanbrldge Wells; he telegraphed to the general manager of the Great Northern railway, and he took the liberty of Bending a tele gram to Great Scotland Yard to enquire If any accident bad happened anywhere with which an elderly gentleman and his daughter might have been possibly-and unfortunately- connected. He might have been disposed to con elder It all as simply a desire to get away from him on the part of Mr. Vanderspnr -but not on Fortnna's part-after the firBt mad rush of yesterday's suspicions. He was sure that Foriana was not deceiving him or helplng.others to deceive him-perish auch a thought as that now ! The telegrams that reached him in reply were all unsatisfactory. Caleb Yanderspur did not answer to begin with -although Dominic had expended an extra sixpence for an "answer paid" and Caleb's daughter, Eugenie, wired back that she was not aware that the Vanderapurs had " left Scarborough Mrs. Galr had not heard from anybody about anything; the general manager of the Great Northern would refer the question to Bomebody else, and promised to com municate further when he had anything to eay,; and Great Scotland Tard was not In the least excited and took the trouble to state that fact politely, with a. delicate Intimation that It was not to be harassed until there was something substantial to go upon; Dominic was hurt at more than one of these repliea and raved'a little upon the -receipt of them; but after a while he .thought that he might be Blighfcly over doing it. What a fool he Bhould look . If the next post brought him the Informa tion that Yanderspur and daughter were quietly ensconced In their new apartments In town, and would be very pleased to Bee him to tea when he came back from'Scar borough and felt disposed to drop in. He went round to Green Mount House In the course of the day to ask If anything had been heard in that quarter, and here he; received no satisfactory reply either. Mr. Pith was out, and Mrs. Pith was very busy as usual and would evidently be glad to Bee the back of him. There was no news whatever of the Yanderspurs. "Have you heard from Mr. Marney?" Dominic enquired. " Not a word. Bat he's coming back again." 11 How do you know 2" *$ Well-he's left his Saratoga trunk blocking up the place downstairs and we all have to climb over it," Bald Mrs. Pith; " he's Bnre to come back for that." " Pray let me know If he returns to day. It Is of the utmost importance to me." " Certainly, Blr." But Mr. Marney did nob return, and after waiting for the first post next day Domlnio Galr started for London, first leaving sundry Instructions at the hotel as to the dispatch of all letters and telegrams that might be forwarded to him after his departure. And then he had shaken the dust of Scarborough from his feet, and felt glad that he was on his way to town again-on the move- doing something probably approaching the mystery which had enshrouded the Yanderspurs and nearly driven him mad. 