THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1890. EPITOME OF NEWS Yacht race time afternoon' Final heat for Clarke trophy. S S Huon follows. Meeting re repairs to embankment Tooms Lake, Police Office, Ross, Monday afternoon. Shooting match at Jerusalem to-day. Prize a fat cow. Members of the Marine Board officially visit the Admiral this morning. Hon Minister of Lands visited Gould's Country yesterday. The Cygnet will run to Eaglehawk Neck on Tuesday. Roger Sullivan run over by dray and killed near the Horse Shoe Bend, Hamilton yes- terday. Tri weekly mail service by tho T S N Co.'s boats between Launceston and Melbouino will bo discontinued after to morrow , Pacific Masonic Lodge, by a majority of sevon, has declared in favour of Grand Lodge of Tasmania. At adjourned annual meeting of the Dis- trict Council I O R , held last evening it was decided to lease Tent Room in the new Temporáneo Hall. The Perth Enabling Bill ha» been read a aecond time in the House of Commons The young King of Spain is again seriously ill , / The ex Emperor of Brasil proposes to re- turn to that country as a private citisen, ; Gold has been discsvered in Merioneth, North Wales. Mr H M Stanley expects to be In London between the loth and 20th inst Lord Harris come» out to visit Lady Hope- toun, a rolatue It is proposed to recoup by public subscrip- tion, expenses incurred by Th» Time* in The Timtt Pnrnoll case Decision reserved on application for wind- ing up the Premier Permanent Building Society ' Jockey named Thoms» Baxter thrown from horse at Flemington and killed yester- day. I > .-' I i Wrestling match between Miller and Duncan Ross in Melbourne, last night, won by the former ¡ Bismarck has resumed his duties to tho State at the express wish of the Kaiser William i Two larrikins convicted of murderous assault on Constable Vizard of the Melbourne police, in August last, have been sentenced to death Alfred Burgess concerned in daylight robbery of clerk named Dale at Richmond, Victoria, in Soptember last has got ten years imprisonment. i Tommy Atkins has found a champion in tho House of Commons against his being pre- cluded from thcatros while Hearing the Queen's uniform r , WE made a brief reference yesterday to the changes which bave taken place in the agriculture of the United Kingdomwithm the last twenty ¡years, and showed tba.t.jtho tendency is, very decidedlr.rto torease pasture and di,.. I ,111 * UQÏ.M OWl ,\i ii«, d i the growth of grasses at the expense of all othor crops England, whicli ¡¡was once a great wheat-producing country, is steadily decreasing the growing of cereals, for that best of all reasons, that they are not found to pay ao-welL as the growing'of-tneat At first sight, this would seem to mean a decline in the agricultural population, which would be ~nr change* to be greatly deplored, but this does not seem ito be the case Mr. GLADS-TON«, in his speech to the*[Hawarden'tobants, said -"I have the greatest respect for die town populations, the greatest confidence in j them, but I d6ynbt on 'that nccouDtwauttoseeadcc'reasein tho agricultural population of iheconntry, both farmers and labourers" Most persons will', agree ¡with' these i words, whatever theirpolitical opiriionsmaybe, so that it is'pleaiwnt t^bènblotosay that recent statistics ¡show'that the country, population i of . the United > KtDgdotn «as increased considerabj^itliin^the, lstât'ten years.,, Why ibis 18,80 we are quite unable to say, especially as the statistics of cultivation 'show, .that there has been" a large decrease in the 'area under grain crops, and1 an enor nioas1 increase in pasture', conditions wírich we" might iwell suppose would cause agricultural labour to' decrease in a! marked manner. THt) are^óf wheat growing has decreased by ene tlurd in England, in Wales by one Îlf, in Scotland by, about two-thirds, d in Ireland in a similar proportion te other grain^ crops haye not,do creased to a similar extent, but they all show a very decided decrease, except oats,1 which appear'to be' more largely grown than they were, twenty years ago Taking the proportion of crops pen 100 acres in the United Kingdom in -l«69,^we"find it was as follows:.-Wheat, 87; barley, 54 oats, ,9 6', all/ corn crops, 263 ; all green, crops, 11*0 ; rotation grass« and clover, 112 , permanent'pasture, 49 5 ; all other crops and bare fal- low, 2'0.' We learn from this thal twenty years,ago,the proportion ol permanent paqtdire'to other crops wat less than' que-half, .whilst what an called " all other crops," sucli as vege tables, fruit, etc., including fallow land were 2 per cent of the tota cultivated area. ' Twenty years'after wards, ; namely ,, in 1889, w< find that a very considerable chatige '.' has' '> ' taken, place," r an'r that the proportion of the varioui crops per 100 'acres was as follows -Wheat, 5:3; barley,' 48;' /oats 8-6, all cpra, crops, 201; all greet crops, 104 ; rotation grMsW^ond cjovers,' 129 ; permanent, pasture 55 8 , all other crops apd bare fallow 1J8 Thus, we see that wheat has de cjined by about 3, per 'cent,, barley bj about 1 peri centv oats by abou li per cent, , all( corn crops bj ,6| 2¡ per cent, rotation grasses' anc clovers have increased by 1 per cent and permanent pasture has increase! by over 6 per cent. In other words out of every, 100 acres now under cul tivation ,in, the United' Kingdom, ( acres" have' gobe into pasture witnii the last 20 years, which used to bt occupied with grain crops of some kind It will be seen/abo, thaty" all othe crops," show a slight decline, whicl must be'regarded as a very curioui fact, when we .remember the enormoui quantity of fruits, butter, cheese, eggs etc., which are imported into Englanc every year. 'Mr. GLADSTONE'S advice given some years ago, to' make jam does not appear to have been accepted though it seems to us'in these colonie1 to ¡ have been sound advice enough. Taking the various countries whicl compose the United Kingdom, som« equally curious facts are brought out Taking an area of 100 acres in Eng land at the present 'day, we find thal 50 7 acres are in permanent pasture 11*5 acres in rotation grasses, 101 acres in other green crops, 9 4 acres in wheat, 71 acres/ in barley 6 5 acres inJ oats, whilst the remainder is devoted to other corn crops, and a very small proportion te flax, hops, fruits, bare fallow, etc Wales shows a still more marked lean ing to pasture, for out of 100 acres in that principality 68 3 acres are in per manent pasture, only 23 .acres in wheat, 4 2 acres in barley, 8 7~acrei in oats, 111 acres in rotation grasses and 43 acres in all other green crops, whilst other corn crops arc barely represented, und fruits, flax, hops, fallow etc, occupy what may be fairly called a tiny corner of the area In Scotland there has not been se great a movement towards pasture rand, the staple grain crop continues te be oats In an area ot 100 acres, 24 8 acres are in pasture, t34 1 < acres in rotation grasses, 134 acres m all other green_ crops, jiO.7, acres in oats, 4'5 acres'itrbarley, only 2 4 acres in wheat, whilst there isra small "area in other jrraiu crops, and an area a little larger is devoted to'fruits, flax,' fallow, etc , Taking Great Britain as a whole the area ni permanent pasture is 48 7 'aores out of 100 acres, in grasses 14 9 acres, m wheat 7 4 acres, barley 6 4 acres, in outs 8 8 acres, whilst the remainder is fallow or devoted to other grain crops, fruit, flax, hops, market gardens, etc When we come to Ireland, we find that pasture shows figures far greater than, any other part of the United Kingdom, a fact due to, the character of the country and the climate In 20 years the pasture of Ireland has increased by, about 8 per cent, and has a ¡tendency to grow. This seems to show that any proposal to stop i free trade with the United Kingdom, of which a good deal has been heard at finies, would 'be a fatal mistake, as only there can a market be found for stock.) PITT, with infinite' labour and by/, the exercise of his authority, Sit an Act passed through ,the ritish Parliament providing for free trade j with Ireland,/though it'was strongly opposed by the selfish British, protectionists of those days, hut it was rejected by the Irish Parliament, which < was so 'sagacious as ' to 'offer large bounties for the growth of wheat One effect of these bounties was to cause à large area of land quite unfit for ..wheat-growing to be put under crop, with, of course, disastrous re- sults in the end When we see that at the] present time 72.4 acres out of each ,100 acres \% cultivation in Ireland) is.in permanent pasture, we can understand what is found to pay 'bes^ Mere. Only 06 of; an aeréis devoted 'to wheat, which again shows the character of the climate, whilst 16*3 airea 1nre"fiü grasses or gtpaav I k * Ü3l.W .Wöi i\'~ Y,"" crops. Oat« and borley occupy 106 acres of the urea, whilst fruits, flax, fallow, etc., take up what ¡8 left. Thus, in nil directions wo find that the tendency is to pasture, as tho one uso of the land which eua bo uiado 'to-pay^-;""""'"v:"'" ""'""""""" "'"'"' ~ ~ *N their good-nj^rod^anxiety _.tp"opply..a.. sätvöToTtho wounded, sensibilities of the pastor of their Baptist Chitr:h BOHÍO of tliov reBlilonts. of !Lhiiiicc«ton,are iri (lunger ofj J^oing a serious Wrong 'to "tho Judgo who tried Hie, case oswell as of. casting a rcflcu i tion upon tiio manner in which justico is ' administered .'lui! tlio! coloiiy.' . Wê « ¡Dingly .acijiiit! tlidm , Of'doing, either!'thing-inten- tionally, but wa cannot holp pointing'out to them that if they 'persist in this charitable Crusade on Pastor White's behalf they' Will, despite their plea of ignoranco of wrong doing, be placing thiinsélvcB in very much the samo'-box- as Hint ho Occupied so 'recently. Ignorance of the law Is no valid ; excuso for those who break, the law, when ! the ability to know the. law is within their )rcaoh,.. and '. a" further ¡ persUtcnce » In'- the attempt which is bcitig made to make Mr jwiutoflut »ji_.in)uredT^r«on,wjll only re, ? sulf: 'in, iiringlng, ni» ; ¡weakness'more-and; 'm¿ro.V.fnlÍy¿ 'hito ' the I '-i light î . î cf ''day. jihe administration ; of-,, the law.,..can, 1 perhaps'/- 'tike1 ' caro : :.',of , Itself,' despite all onimadverslon, hut. tho attempt to tmp .Mr. j Justice.' 'Adams* ' conduct'' as .ali-j .is, ¡ putrageouidy.. unwarrantable.! Whatever sympathy Hi» Honor had. in .coihrh'oti Vrlthi-'thé'-re*t'or;the:people-'of Tasmania, with/en aged clergyman placed in BO trying a/position; he had'to obey a ^hi^licr prompting than i that-of mero senti- ment. He had to administer the law as he fouñtí'lt,1 arid' what';he' saw1 to front of hlro/ was not a simple citizen guilty of a bVeaoh of disciplino, but an offioer of the law like himself who, in the administration of thct ]aw,nadbeen;by his own admission, guilty at leaitof ' culpable negligence/even' if'his; pica of ignorance were accepted,- while i the facts' detailed! by his advocate ; showed that ', thoro bad been . no ignóranos at all, but simply a participation-in a scheme/to defy ; the very law ..'pi | which he "was' an'administrator. Tho .giving. of a valid certificate to the mon and a false ona to the woman; the latter to' be re- turned to him lor destruction after it had been used for purposes of deceit, showed that Mr.'Whito knew that ho waj¿ trans- gressing the law, and if he.did not know the penalty it was bia business to have done so. Ifl too, he ,wa« »o.weak a ,man that, /being ¡ entrusted by the State with one of the most grave functions exércired ' by' a' clergyman, \t chose to betray libia. tru«tj! unbiassed opinion,wiU,beitbat he, liable to along ¡imprisonment, got "off very; lightly with, in-, caroeratlon ' for ¡ àevên1 ' ibysi ?. Í¡Ve. 'cannot .afford to have the marriage 'laws'set at .variance lightly or at any man's caprice. The safety of society' demand« : »trict ad- herence to thejkw,and much, misery already wrought 1rs r the colony by somo of these cheap fee parsons. We ''recommend''Pastor1White's adherents to this matter, for.'his own' sake, to let the subject drop. - - A ino A CORBESPONDENT of the-Paris, Figaro, at Cairo has interviewed Mr! Stanley, bnt' he has not.got. much- ? for -his trouble. Mr. Stanley lias done, no doubt, a good deal of interviewing himself, so that he is,' not a young bird to be caught by répertoriai chaff.' - In answer to several', leading questions, he told tho interviewer that he could.;, say ' nothing,' asking, if a'man has purchased a narrative ' at the -cost' of £40,000, is he justified in throwing it away Î There was no answer to this logic, at least 'the Fiyar'o'tnan could''find" none," being dis- missed"1 With an expression of regret by¡ ¡StAuley. that' 'he ' was not' able to! tell him-more.' ''indeed; it could hardly hove been , expected, even ; by the most sanguine and hardy interviewer, that Stanley was likely to take the keen edge off tho history of his adventures, by giving them to a correspondent to dissemi- nate, forhis''own profit and glorification, ovoi the whole wido. world. Something, ? however, he did say of importance, although he declared that he could relato nothing but anecdotes.. He declared emphatically that the ', abandonment of tho! Soudan would bo a crime, thus showing, .as ninny,.wicked pooplo will, that he does' not, feel liound.to follow Mr. Gladstone in all his vagaries and rapid transformation scene«. He declared,' further, that the occupation of the ¡Soudan was a question of money, that is, the < costj.of. a : railway from Suakim to Berber.. He «aid, 'also,, that British in- fluence iii still felt in tho Soudan, and. that tiio inhabitants still speak of ? the .influence 'of'strSamucl and Lady Barker. Sir Samuel bas recently .'condemned in the very- strong- est terms'the abandonment of tho whole of .Equatorial Africa to savages andslavc-traders, 'bul,! then, he is one ,of[jthe/'wicked,. who was shocked at the scuttle ]>olicy,-and tho desertion ! Of -, Gordon,' who I wa»- actually , caught in a trap which, the .Ministry, of the day had set. It is' pitiable to' read, as we now) can,' how Emin' Pasha, ' who liad effected ii great work' of ' civilisation, .who hud,'.in fact,' established ii' new province in equatorial Africa, found him- self ¡cut 'off from all communication, pressed by the Máhdi's forces, and ibis own Egyptian officers, who wera littlo better "thonjeoni^ts, revolting day by day, as they found that they were out of the : reach' of punishment, .-The ' magnitude of tho evils that bave bcon caused by tho, abandonment of tho Soudan, in tho way it'was abandoned, is .'not ,knownyet, but it. is inipos »iblc ¡ not. to agree with Stanley , that' it .will have to ''bo' reconquered. .'Ho says that ho is convinced that tiio population of the Soudan is hot opposed to the 'dominion of tho Khedive,, but, he does not say hiw ho knows this, nor are we able to guess,' seeing that he has been far away /rom ¡that part of Africa.for many years.; Tho Figaro-'reporter has accomplished, one thing,' hie has,shown what Stanley thinks of the Soudan. ... . SOME rather curious figures have been pub- lished; with regard to the capital valuo of the leading,silver mines in New South' Wales.' A list, of cloven mines Is given,' which | aro estimated, taking the price of shares,! to be worth no less than £19,671,500. 'One of' these, the Proprietary, is set down as being worth «11,520,000. None of the others! come near this, the next .In order being the Central, «Mch is set down at £1,800,000. Brock 14, whlcli has paid £07,500 in dividends, is valued at £837,500. Tho only other company which has pnid'divi dendiis the Proprietary, the total amount divided being £816,000, i whilst Block W has pa(d a total of £75,000.. These Me Urge figures, showing that in two o'*' the mine« at least the shareholders err' ' R very .wéllj but .the ; business is >'°* unat- tended with risks. It is stated t'bnt in one week the value of the Proprietär* :mine, de-: clined by as much OB £320,000.n/«fl slxmlnes have decreased In^Valuó 'as oigninBt three willoh' have risen.- Tho ; total/decrease in value foj. the week is put down* »t £128J250; The aggrègato total-?valuoçpft)icsé'mines at the end of last week ra!S.;.'Iess'. than £20.^000. ^ y.,.." .-,-?/ 'i?';'' i-V'.ôo'H I ,-:'i"> ' ???.-7~^,':..':'? i'J;;;; 1.1'BOYAU SooiCTY,-iThe; H""1«»! meetIng;of thW Society tike« plaoe W the 3rd, hist, at" 8¿.in'.' ! ?'''' .' ."'^'"-'"T ' "i '.' St. ' DAvrb'sV-The/^WMy'^morrow, will he Weld of th^j^^ÖeiigyrStJp^iia' .f»* | ;'y^H -:,'. .?.?"'. * ".nWiij. idol *" ..,-.?. ..??:.} ; '...;. SUMMARY rou Eoiiori*.-Our Lotterlloniu ' containing n record of tlio events for the post fortnight, will bo found on the fouith pago of this day's issno. SUWLKMENT. - Om supplement to-day contains, Tlio Marino Board of Hobart Sporting, Mining, Launceston, and Special letter, Country No« s,Letters to tlio "iilltoi > New Calcdouia, A Ladies Touring \ ^- ^v' .pur^Nèw York Lottcr etc. 4 . "¡ /" LAUNCKSTON AND MELUOUIING MAU, SERVICE.-W6 aro infnuticd by the Secre- tary of tho Post Oflico thnt tho picscnt tri- '? weekly mail sorvioe between Launceston and Melbourne by tho boats of tlio T.S.N, Co. will bo discontinue-) after tho trip of tho s.s Pateena, arriving at Launceston on Sunday next, and on and after Monday next, 81 ii inst,, tlicoiUinary bi-weekly service on Mondays and Thuisiloys «ill bo lcsumcd. Tho intorcolomal -mails arriving at Laun- ceston to morrow will not reach Hobart, owing to ,tim discontinuance of the special' Sunday train, until tho arrival of tho ordi-', naiy train on Monday, and tho letters will bo delivered at tho General Post Office at about'7.Ä0 p.m. .*._ ( ' ; EASTER EXCURSIONS, VICTORIA AND TAS MAti-A.-Arranf-ements hu*, e been concluded . between tho General Manager of thoT.M.L. Rail» ay and tim agent» of Huddart, Parker and Co., Limited, whereby those who desire to Visit the adjoining colonies during Easter may do so at the exceedingly low excursion rates which have prevuiled for some time post. All tickets issued during March from this date up to the 8th of April next will bo' available for return until the 30th of thut month., .Further particular» will be fourni in the current advertisements. ¡ '-THE TASMANIÁK MAIL."-As usual there it plenty of original matter in this week's JfaiV, including the completion of Mr. George Anderson's article'on'Early Pioneering in 'Northern Taamauia and Ernest Haw t|iorn's .'Defence of War." Alix in a 'epeoial article deals with the treatment of' 1 children in summer. W.A.A., U| per Der- went,-* rites," Maguire'« snake story," verses of striking originality and fun, and Francia lies another fairy story in the children's column-" The Rosa and the Nightingale." As to " Lynx " he is as varied as ever. "¡Farmers and Federation" is the subject speci .Hy treated in the agricultural oolumnB. |" CHURCH NEVIS."-Amongst the official notices in tho number just to hand It is announced that tho Biihop Ins fixed Tues- day, 16th prox., for the meeting of Synod, when he will occupy the President's chair far the first time. Tho subjects treated editorially aie "Religious Training of Children," and " The Eight Hours System ;" while under the heading " Notes " the mental pabulum there offered for tho dolecta tntion of rcadors is varied enough for tho most diverse testes. . " Congregationalism," " Divorce," und'* Mr-mage," " llio Salva- tion Army," " Boxing," and c\cn our jam oxportcrs are spoken of here. 'J ho latter subject, indeed, has before formed a note of warning in our columna, os the following extract frnin a lady's lottor .from New Zea- land show« :-" It is a ¡pity. Tasmania sends such trashy jam hero.' Occasionally we get a good tin, but pa a rale it ila very bad. A Loardiiuj-bouao keeper told me she dare cot put it ou the táble( 1", .The niuat, contribu- tion» from country corre*pondent», with readable artioW from other papers, item» about neighbouring dioceses, etc., go to make up rgood-niimber.-"" " ."THE CATHOLIC ISTAKDABD."-In the ' r7Marcb number to hand the leading artiole ? 1 A» I devoted to the subject of "Intemper- ance," a» dealt with by the Archbishop in his " Pastoral " for, 1890., .There are four aub*fcndws dealing wnV African missions, Mr. Parnell aud., Wvorçc, There U tho usual local and dittrict intelligence, , STATIST CENSUS.-It Is anticipated that the following gentlemen will reach Hobart this evening, tho object of their visit being n conferenoe on matters-statistical :-Mr."" W. Hayter, C.MG., Government Statist, Victoria ! Mr. T. A*. Coghlan, A.M., I.C E., Government Statist, New South Walea : Mr. H. J. Andrew?. Under-Seorotary, South ' ,Alwtrnlia ¡ Mr. W. R. Brown, Registrar General; New Zealand. ' FECIT ËXtt-kï.-Mr. T. Jesaep, J.P., of Sydney, has 'tt&t; arrived in Taemanla for the purpose of makin«; final arrangements with fruitgrowers relative to the placing of Tasmanian fruit on the Sydney matket. Mr. Jessop has been appointed ngent for the Fruitgrowois' Association here, and he ex- pects that he will bo able to open up a large and'satisfactory business in Sydney as he will dispose of the fruit by auction, and so save too usually heavy charges of the middle-men To this end he has obtained from the Mayor of'Sydnoy the use of tho Market-buildings recently erected at the \- corner of Market and Sussox streets, which - aro admirably adapted for the business pro- posed to bo done. Mr. Jessops will at once take steps to make his1 arrangements hore complete iu every detail. ' DERWENT SAILINO CLUB.- This afternoon^ under the auspices of tho 1 Derwent Sailing Club, the final heat for tho Clarke trophy will bo sailed. Tho Valetta, Mabel, and Magic have each secured an equal number of points in thoir respective heats, and a good contest will ensue. Thora is also an open 1 21ft. yacht race to take placo. As usual the s.a. Huon follows, leaving the wharf at 2.30. SUNDAY SEHVIOES.-The Rev. D. Anneai commoncca a series of discourses on the sub- ject of " i he Chi ist " in tho oven hie at the . Wesleynn Church, New Town j Hobart Tuljornaolo, Mr. J. Chambetlnin w ill preach ; St. Andrew's Church, Rev. Jas. Scott will occupy tho pulpit ; Memorial Church, Rov. G. W. Sharp will preach ¡ Wcsloyan Church, Melville-street, Rev. R. W. Thompson 11 a.m.; Rev.S. T. Withington7 p.m.; DJVOV strcet, Rev. 8. Ironstdo 11 am.; Rev. It. W, Thompson 7 p.m.; High-street, Rev. S T. Withington 11 a.m.; Mr. Ifo 7 p.m. WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.-Tho anni* i ersary of tho Melville-street Sunday cchool 1 ' will be colebrutod to-morrow. In the morn- ing the pulpit will bo occupiod by the Rev. 1!. Hulcliers, B.A., and lu the oveninj- by tho Rev. 8. T. Within-jton. , The collections will ' ho in aid of the school, funds. The annual tea and public mooting will toko placo the following evening. ' ' ' INDEPENDENT ORDER OF. RKOHABITES. The adjourned mumal meeting of the Dis- trict' Council was held at, the District > chamberBflast evening, I).CK. Bro. W. Batcmu'i presiding. All officers, trustees, and nearly all loproscntatives answered roll call. The principal business considered was tho lcasiugof tho handsome tent ¡room at the new Tcinpciunce Hall. District Secietuiy Bio. G. ,T. Taylor reported that a confcicnco between, tho ( representatives of thoTTasinanian Temporáneo Alliance and the I.O.R. had been held, and a basis of agree- ment urii\eil at, which MUS submitted to the Council foi theil uppioval Aftei discussion, the action of "tho Conference V)asnpprovcd of, and tho toi me ngiced to. It is tho in- tention of tho Disti ict Officers to sub lot the room on such mulits as it will not bo re- quit ed for Rechabite purposes, and scierai applications were considcicd and accepted, the further sub letting being left in tlio hands of the District Secretary. A com- mittee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements for suitably furnishing the roohi for tent and lodge pul peses, und an- other one to arrange for a foi mai opening and the necessary ceremonies connected therewith. Various matters were dealt with, and the meeting was closed in duo foin, ¿^ . ' . ' ' ' PACIFIC LODGE.-Wo havo been informed tliat tho result of tho recent billot taken to ascertain tho viows of, tho members of the Pncifio Masonio Lodgo in regard to the suggested formation of a grand, lodge for Tasmania has resulted in favour of the pro- ject ; 47 voted in its favour, and 40 against it, whilst no less than 30mombcrs refrained from voting. ' ' , SCIENCE AND THEOLOGY.-Mr. W. VV. Collins, editor of Freedom, a Sydnoy publi- cation,who has gained excellent opinions at tho hands of tho Press in Australia as a " lecturer, will deliver o-'neturo in the Exhibi- tion IBuilding. ">» Sunday*-.:-á.tl on tho,/ subject! " H-*w f'10 world wos made.' CAW-JAM» TRAINJNO SCHOOL.-Tlio annual entertainment by the boys in,tliia ¡UBtitu. «.on will take 'place in the schoolroom on . -?thursday next. , . Music, SONG, AN» STORY.-There was a large attendance at tho Town Hall last evening, when Mr. Snazelle closed his Hobart ! season by a benefit. Tho general beauties of the entertainment have in no degree palled on public taste, despite ' the fact that tho season lins boon a long one, and tho items which the audience were fully acquainted with wcro as lapturously received as tho now once. Among theso latter were tho recital of " Tho Leper," whioh was listened to with 1 apt'attention. Mr. Hawkins' selection from Murilana compr'sod several gems, which, though perhaps less familiar than the hackneyed items, yet aro very beauteous, tho performors dual manipulation of organ and pianoforte being highly artistic. To-night Mr. Snazelle appeals at the Oat- lands Town Hall. . 1 TOOMS LAKE.-The embankment at Tooms , Lake isi out; of'repair. Warden W. H. Bcnnott has convened a, moetingto 'be held' at; the Police Office, Rosa, "on Monday, after- ,-; .hoon at 3 o'clock,. tolteke,Into .consideration 'the beat method oif 'carrying' out the neces» r MUNICIPAL- The Municipal Council will meet on Monday next, at the Municipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock, when the following business will have consideration, besides subjects that may require prompt at- tention during the sitting. Reports from the various committees, as follows:-Public Works : On petition for improved drainage in Upper Arthur-street ; on petition of cabmen for a urinal near cabstand, Murray street; on application of Messrs. Stabb Bros foi permission to erect signboard at Hood's corner ; on letter fiom Mr. W. Belbin, complaining of a drain being laid in Battery-square; On letter from Mr. C. J. Jordan, asking for repairs to footpath, New Wharf; on letter from Mr. Alfred Pierce, calling attention to damage done by briars to his land in Upper Arthur'strcet,; on letter from the "Hon.'Minister of Lands and Works, with rofciencó'to'eand taken fiom beach at elai-ghter.yard» ; on letter from Messrs. Drake and Co., re footpath, Elizabeth-street; on letter from Messrs. Johnson Bros. and Co., re metal contract ; on letter from Mr. A. P. Miller, re footpath in front of his residence in Liverpool-street ; on letter fiom Mr. D. H. i Kelly i re names of outlying streets; on letter, fiotu repre- sentatives Temporáneo Hull and Melville street Church,..« footpath and,,drain in Mclville-stroot ; ¿li letter, mid notice of action from i Messrs. Finlay and Watchorn, -e damago to Mr. diarios' property ; on notice of action from Messrs. liiilay and Watchorn, re damage1 to .property' of John If- dc's es tuto., Waterworks, i, On petition for water to Clliro and Hope streets ; on application of Messrs. Stabb t Bros, for ¿in. pipo to Mr. Miller's new buildings ; on letter from Mr. C. vy.iRutJer, asking fora Jin. main in Ashfield street ; on letter from Mi. A. J. Cox, olforing to rent or purchase a piece of land at Springs on which to erect an hotel; ..Lighting t On'petition for'lamp at anglo of Hill-street and Lansdowne. descent. Town Hull : On letter from Mr. F. A. Packer, re. .Sunday orgau recitals. Ouluis of tile Day,-Election ol a momber of the Fue Brigade Board.. Mr. Alderman Crisp to move,-That tho resolution of February ? 4, 1800, with reference to Mr. Blackhall'«, dop«8¡t. be( rescinded, i and con- tingent upon tho abovo being carried, that Ins letter of 24th inst be taken into Con sideiation at that mooting. Business for LocuhBotird'of Health.1-To i-occivo' ropoit from "the Health Committee ; 'on letter frorn Mi. John i Heron,'asking permission to'con- vert 'a stoic into a coffee stall and eating bouse. CITY POLICE COURT.-Before the Pollce Magistrate yesterday, Mary Ann Sykes was fined 20s. 6d. or one month for using obscene language in Hunter-street on the 27th inst. There were about 30 convictions against her. Patrick Gorhtiln and Luke Lonergan pleaded not guilty to 'creating u disturbance on tlio 15th inst at Garden-crcsccnt, Mr. D. H. Crisp (Crisp anil Crisp)1 appeared for Lonergan. Police Constable Harwood stated the defendants wera rolling on 'the'ground when ho first saw them, and they ??'.s*_r:5 wcie Oterully ' covered ? with' bloo. defence each of tho men placed .tho blame on the other,°and 'Gorham called a boy named Thomas Kennedy as u^witndsa." "Sir, Crisp HAS about to place"Lonergan in,the box, but the Magistrate said it'would bo' unfair' to take his evidence) ' seeing he Was defendant in a battery case, Gorham ». Lóneryait which was tocome'oh. "MrV Crisp said the Bench .might' withhold judgment until tho latter caso was ' heard! -A '{¡-»nulty of 10»., in «lofault 14 days' imprisonment was in- dicted on Grace Harbucklo, for .usiiig ob scene laogussje 'to a"'.Woman named Hill, [After- a long delay waiting for Mr. H, Marsh, J,l*.,lthe second magistrate for the day, Mr. J'-Solomou, J. P., who hod been sent for, took n scat, on the Bench at 5 minutes to 11.] < Luke 'Lonerfftir) pleaded not guilty to assaulting Putifi-k (/orham. Mr. Crisp appeared ,for tjio défendant. After the coso had ticen gone into at length, defendant was fined 40s. » and' costs, and both tho men were fined ,5s., and costs each for disturbing the peace.' William and Elijah Holmes pleaded not guilty to «tealing KOlb. in weight of fat, valnfed at S*lt\ on the 21st inst.,' the proper» vf Them«« Appleby,'butcher. ' Mr. D. H. Crisp ap pesi ed on tho men's behalf, and Mr. Dear (Perkins and Dour) was present, to watch the case for the prosecution.' Complainant stated he missed the fat from tile slaughter yard. William Holmes was his slaughter- man, but he had no right to toko the fit away a« refuse, and he had' been' cautioned against doing so. William Holme« had ad- mitted to witness taking the fat [Mr. Cusp here. Bald his clients did. not disputo taking the stuff, but they denied that it WR.9 fat.] «'James Pinkeiton saw the men take the ,rat,' and Joseph Sidwell, em- ployed, at Miller's Soap Wpiks, re ceKed tho fat. George MacKny deposed to paying for the fat.', i Mr. I Crisp said his clients admitted taking the stuff, but not stealing it The fact oftbero taking it away at 10 o'clock iu the morning from a public place wa» proof thoy did not regal d it as a theft. The>Po!ice Magistrate said theft was described a«iu" the wrongful taking posses- sion of ¡the goods of another with intent to depi¡ve. the Owner of the property in them." Complainant had said he had warned I William Holmes, therefore ho must have known lie. was doing wrong. As that was the first, conviction of the dofendunts,1 he would Only order them to find one surety of £20 forl their good bchuvlour during the ensuing six months. NARROW ESCAPE.-A young man named William Pm cell,'In the employ'of Mr Blake, cuiricr, of Bothwell, bad. a very nauow escape from ' snukebite on tho 26th lint. Whilst loading a waggon with bark lie felt- something drop mid fasten on his shoulder, on turning to discover tho cause bo found a huge snake about 4ft. long fastened on to his shirt ' With great piesence of minti1 ho caught the' reptile round the - neck, und drew it 'off, and placed his foot on its back, then1 tying It tightly. round the neck he put it into a bog and bl aright'it home for inspection. This is the second' time within a lew weeks that lie has --narrowly escaped being bitten, the snake tho first tnne^ dropping over , kis shoulder and collin-- round hu lcg.'( ¡ ! ' LYNCW FA»rrLY'BKLLiilNfl¿RS.- It ' is'an-' nouncc'l 'jfhat!. tho famous '^Iiy nell ¿Family Helli ingéra," rind Vocalists aire'about to pay Hobaitra, visit prlpr!'to their,' departure c» »onie to'1 England. ' Tho family aro assisted by Bcvcial talented altistes, including Mr., Peicy Browne the baritone, ^Mr. J. S. Par-, lutto the celobiated comedian, Messrs. Henty Ritter und J. I?, ^urrowB, pianists, etc Thoy aro aunounceil to givo their fiist perfoi manco at tho Theatre Royal on Thinsdày next, tilo Otli tust., for which an excellent and attracth'o^programmo lias been piepaicd. SI-OIITINO. - Owners satisfied with theil handicaps for .Sorell, cyents must make ac- ceptances on or beroi o 8 o'clock this even- ing. In our ad vol Using columns appear the conditions of tho T.K.C. Sires' Pioduce Stakes for 1801 and '1892. »Nominations of now yearlings tho produce of Retengo, The Assyrian, Musk Rose, and Napoleon will be received up to tho 22tid iust. , Entries of fouls ure duo at the samo timo, progeny of the shea., mentioned,''also thoso of Mozaifc being eligible for tim event of 1892., i A limul! OF FIFTEEN.-A few days u«o in tlio Melbourne [City Court, William Hcury, ?Strickland Furness, n fait-haired young fellow, who did not look, as if lie liad passed his teens, and who was described as a dairy, man, was charged with marrying one Jessie Thompson, a girl 15 years.bf agc, without the consent oil her guardian., 'The facts ad- duced were' these:-The giri recently re aided with her mother, Elizabeth Thompson, a widow, living . at Coburg. Tho marriage ceremony was performed at Fitzroy on the 15th inst. by the Rev. N. Kinsman, In order to marry a minor the Written consent of the guardian ia necessary.I 'Such.a docu- ment was produced by Strickland, and' the1 marriage solemnised, the minister believing the consent to^be genuine, It.was-stated, .that the "girl looks very, young, even for a girl of 15. Soon after the mai Ungo the '¿other leimod'.the above faots,. and took .. "'«?wr.r«-iíttor"íer,iR?'in-law*s1arrest In tue meantime'he ^ad'nft"0, ."*. escape to Tasmania) and waa ariestetflft, JUnnceaton. The accuse«, wa»'remanded: btfl be-I18 allowed. N QUALIFICATIONS'arl A J RETORTED.-!$e Women'» Pree» Club, of New York, Aï cussed the qualities'which go to make * Rood reporter1 the other afternoon. Jenny June put the-queatlon, and Mrs Frank «¡silo, who-wt-next-her, ropllod "Hard work and originality," as she looked up brightly with a -onÜe;' whereat a pretty young girl over in the corner, not a year »n the business, gazed i on, i the pearls ¡n Mr». Leslie'! ears and the brace. ,,..on ner wriBto and wlahcd half audibly that all hard work might meet with as much success and ' sighed. Mrs. Leslie smiled aguln, as if in answer, and said t>*t women hiade the best "potters betMise they had tact and knew now to ask difficult question«. Then rebel '*°u"Bab off In another oot-nor whispered that if she had known that women were such superior beings she would have married «mo instead of a man. Thl» provoked a f»"gh from the u-weWnefiteand Bab, when Mrs. Crol-r^Imik^-Ti-qiurii-igly-taher'dl»»«^ tlon, suggested^ imiapantly < that, a .good, -iow»p«peT-'¿p^/3oiM»0 Wilke a «33 .Miad dTeétogWSm m^mMí' im Mary- V. Seymour thought that a,. ro poitcr, ' 'to v imako '¡V success, 'laust keep up with I ithe ' march of the times, to which, Mrs. Çrjjly rejoinedi that rebellion'agiilnst tiio timus was often neces- sary to self-respect, for the times moved, just lit present in aonaationol nnd vicious diiectioiis. Au interview1, she enid, WAS an abomination, like nothing so muchas ai lot of knots In'a rope ; when you had been at, tho labour of uulyiug you had tho ropo for , .youi pains. Somo DUO made tile familiar , aemaik that women ucic inoieconscientious In their work than men. BuU ' with, diffi- culty restrained herself, 'and ' Mai garet Manton sud that «omen reppitci« often lot) theil sympathies tun away with thon, iu stancing u .nurilor trial in Which u woiium's ropoitgave a wholly different colour to a1 cuso ft'jin that presented in all othor- nows-l papers Tho question was raisid of tho value Of reporting as a-training for literary work, anil the prevailing opinion sociried' to be that tho blue, pencil made it inipossiblo'to leam much beyond colourless brevity. " That's the first requisito of success," said a magasina'editor, "to cou qu'or tho vice of expansion.''/ "jYcs," pouted tho same little girl under Jicr bicuth who had admired Mrs. Leslie's'jowclldiy; "butwa'ie tho horny-handed duughtuis of to|l over in this corner; we,write on space, and if we don't expand whero'll wo got any butter, let alone jam ?" " VVc can't really collect ourselves," said Mrs. Croly, as the informal chat ended, '' until wc have somo tea" "Do you know," said Bab, as, the night swallowed her up, " I believo in men." BUKYIKU A MURDKRED-MAN'S BOOTS. A correspondent, of The Timen, writing!rom Rothesay, says¡-£"Your southcin'rcudcis would noto with surprise 'tiio remarkable reticence of tho police when examined and cross-examined respecting the non-produo tlou of the boots worn by Mr. Rose at tho timo of his murder. ' Tho Highland con- stable .who buried them under tha water ' acted lit accordance with the ancient Iradi- ( tioh that by doing so, he would ' lay ' the ghost of the murdered man, and thus pro \erit it from disturbing the people living in tho neighbourhood of the catastrophe. It is not unlikely that tho officers had a lurk- ing'suspicion that they would bo laughed at by i modern sceptics if they revealed the motive of their apparently strange con iluot." * GOLDPN ROD WFDDINO.-'An account was lately published of a wedding in Rhode Island, which was called a Golden Rod Wedding, because the golden rod aohdaijo from solidare, to unite) was used for the elaborte ¡ deoorations took piuco. Tho te, port «ays that it was put everywhere, Up stairs and down, on the steam radiators,' the mantelshelves were biukcd up to the colling, and no other flower was to bo ad- mitted, except rich, muny-ooloured asters, white ones being prominent in the arrange- ment-. The bride stood in a large bay window under the arch, tho wholo resplendent with golden rod ; a marriage bell of the same flowers hung above her head. ' ' , THE LATEST ONION CUKE.-An American Writer has added a new terror to the pros- pect cf the Arrival of the Russian epidemic, By «d« bing persons afflicted with''influenza to follow the plan he enforces on his family. He lays in a ton of onions and «tores thom in a collar. As soon a« any member of his house has a cold he turns the sufferer into thecelter with strict injunctions to cheat i the doctor by filling up with these ' odiously odorous rooUrj, He gave this advice td a young .wife, but her husband fadd her if she, darod to'carry It out he would apply for a bill of divorce, and the" onion < lover ii furious. He publishes his pana oe» in the "American Oarden, and declares ,taat, a,''full meal of1 onions daily 'would prevent diphtheria,' and gout, rheumatism, or itomaohitronblo." In viewlof the .opposition he lias excited, he "calls on agriculturists to, cultivate an onion which will not taint the breath/' Thore's.thfe rub. Where ia it and which is it? UhUl.it is found, people will go on shunning ontop eaters, and the declaration of Mr. Pecksniff that " there really is uo room In this coach |for a gentleman with a cold In his bead." will be, çclioçjl by ffiin. kind at large with the addendum, " who has been trying the onion care." i ' STABTMNO ABBIST fit PIOOAPHXY.-A correspondent of the Pali- Mali Gazette writes ¡-The Baroness Burdett Coutts has many dogs, bat pre eminent among them all stands " tbe Imperial puppy," nn Italian greyhound, a «on of tho pet dog of Napoleon III., >and Peter, a grandson of her old favourite Ben Now, it happened that very late tho other night as these two distin- guished creatures were standing by the area gate in charge of "Albert," one of her lady- ship's servant«, they ware suddenly arrested by a valiant P.C. of the A Division Tho offeuoo alleged was that they were at largo without being 'properly mnszled ; but it is feared thatother motives may hu ve prompted the step ; posiibly that tho Imperial one, wearing for the first timo A blue cloth coat " coronetted," iln the corners, presented a riotous and truculent appearance, calculated to aproad terror and alarm a meng Hot Majesty's lieges. Whatever the cense, they were at once marched off-not to the ad- jacent, and,, in a sort, aristocratic Vine street.but to the eminently plebeian " King street, Westminster." Here the unhappy culprits wit pendant tails watched a stately inspector moko dotulled entries in nn awe inspiring volume. Statements made on theil behalf were reccivod with quiet mil if forence ; and tho dark susp oions. now fust gathering around them, were1 deepened by tho man^i admission that they had all "only just come from tho country." Then, leaving behind him the dejected pots, he turned homow ard with his sto'ry. Ihc search for tnu/.zles, sureties, and licenses having boon successful, the/Baroness wrote a noto to tho inspeotor, polite, but perhaps just a trillo ironic, ofieredbailfornny reasonable amount Sho thinks now, to bo on the sufo side, of having muz'/les made to take in the whole , ° ' j i. H dog. i ,.iii ' A REAL TRFASTOE.-Thç following ad- vertisement is from the Oxton! Qiutrdtti, I -"A beneficed olergyman'can conscien- tiously recommend a young lady, between 23 and 24, asa superior'housekeeper, i She possesses two rare qunlifications, being domesticated and accomplished. Sho can play and sin?,' and knows practically how,to cook a nice dinner with ocpnomy und punc- tuality ; plays tho harmonium at church, with l much taste, and ctm sing any difficult 'music ot sight ' Is an ,early liser. ! Knows'how"to diivc A; total abstainer from every kind of intoxicating drinks! from her childhood She is nice looking, bright, and cheerful ; no gossipcr ; highly intellectual, but unassuming ; quick coi respondent' ona a good j mammalian, A biotlior clorgyman, Ol' an influential layman, oi n lady in need of a confidential, com- panionable housekeeper, w ould not bo dis- appointed. Her commanding picscncc, and modest, atti ¿otho demeanour appreciated by I ich and poor. Sho lias now 25gns. a yoai, «ml deserves more., A nutne of Sun ey, arid of a respectable- family. Satis- factory reference to a country magistrate and lus wife." , THE GYMNOTU.- Tho ' French engineers have partially realised ono of the dreams of M. Jules Verne, tiio clover novelist, whoso method it is to exaggerate the powers of scientific appliances till thóy become almost supernatural agencies. On December 22, a submarino boat, about 45ft. long and 6ft. 7in. in diameter, driven by electric accumulators, 'was tried in tho harbour of Toulon. The boat, Which is called the Gymnote} or electric, eel, plunged ander water till it became invisible, and traversed and1 re-traversed tho harbour, being accu; rately I guided by aid > of " the gyro- scope," , while distances were calcu- lated by the number of turns of the screw. There were three officers and ono seaman on board ¡ibut thougli tho vessel remained in each trial 10 minutes underwater, the air remained, quite pure, and the accumulators retained force enough : for hours of ' work Tlie speed is not given.' It is obvious that suoh a vessel maybe used for a variety of purposes, especially submarine exploration and the: rescue of submerged treasure ; but as yet it does not promise much aid to the great art of destruction. ' People who kill always'want a chance of living, and tho Gymnote, if used a« a lam, as Julos Verne suggested, would crush her' crew as well as the enemy. MB. EOESON'S, VaoPHKCits.-We take ..the following from the Sydney Echo :-Ia 'he face of the recent mo t extraordinary father experienced throughout tho w*gtry it is but natural that the warning ?°Uïà uy ^r" Egeson nearly five months aeiSould receive Increased serious atten ago shtr. w¡u og remembered that upon *»". l\ 2, 1889, Mr. Egeson rather Ootoberl\i10 oommun¡ty by coifing attention startled ty|arity 0f tho sea ona of 1823-24, to the 8inie(ieil tll0 "reat drought of 1827 29 which prec\ i887.88. » Roviowing the pósi- to thosoof kito8 « w0 fimi i823 tt Wot season «u \oSS *ïi\o drought of 1824 to bo ¡den- like 1887, thUt "j i888f the wot year of «cal with tl^j^tnigg^ "nü) regarding 1825 to comu,n o{ tho flret {ow nlonths of Î2!Lwï,eSÏTih it was then said 'that so 1826, of whioft not fajien ttt this season of muoh rain hasle iMt 25 year«,' mast we' not *T y*Kr.'fbo repeated during 'the» com -»xpsot-thUtol SoW.'iat'teasVMn ,Ege' tog sommer T 'ionl),havéribeen«fnlMled,' for .son's prediotQt month the Irainfall.a wïioh Jkaa "i^JÏ? O*8 continuous, ha« been exoep .Of tioñally heavyT ,"After,every oxccssively wet year," continues Air. Egeson, '' follows u'thought a« a reaction, and tho intensity of the), drought,,varies! with the] pre- vious excess ovor tho mean cyclical grado ; consequently, from tho operation of i tito two causes, resU ts three years' drought, which, in this cuso, may bo expected to extend; from the middle of 1800 to the middle of 1893 or so, to correspond with,the ' drought of 1827-29. Tho drought of 1337 39 was caused by the same'operations. Without taking un alarmist's viow of tho matter, many of, Mr. Egoson's former ' wculhor forecasts h'uve been verified, and his ) present indications iiavcsofartnicaiibojudgcd ii .cyclical resemblance, so that thp courso of the woathcr during the ensuing months l will be most heedfully watched. .This , is' the test which "Mr. Egeson himself i ivites. His reply to the , criticisms upon hi« forecasts 'by tho Government , Astronomers of Victoria and South Aus-, tralla, i though confident in tono, was modestly expressed. " I will, stako my Position," ' he wrote October 2, 1889, " my little'Ml«'upon what I have stated. With regard to my predictions, I leave it with an intelligent public to draw their1 own "conclu- sions «s to now far they can trust mo, and when tho time comes -. and 'the ' unerring judgment of nature is given ono way or tho other, it will expose the charlatanism one way or tho other. ' In'the meulitiino I shall consider I shall have performed a great moral duty." Whatever result may follow the recent heavy rain«, It will have been a good thing to, have been cautioned in time against 'a possible calamity. POLICE QUALIFICATIONS. - " Bohemian " in the Melbourne,lísjqld, writes.-,'f I trust that It wilf not be construed into a pieco of Bohemian interférence if I suggest thero is «oinothing comic in thp result of tho examina- tion of the 38 constables who presented themselves tobo tested as to their fitness .for promotion to the rank Of sergeant. Con- cerning the 27 who passed I luve nothing 'billi J>.nnrtm»ll1iLftnnH tn nlTpF lmfc T «MM charmed to read th-it two or three of the re maindet "showed an admirable1 knowledge of law, but were weak in orthography and English grammar." I havo known several lawyers -who weie~in-the- samo predica- ment, and I could point to various Aits of Parliament' willoh have been evidently drufted by peisona whose moods and t-nscs were mixed, to say tho least of it. I should have thought myself that gentlemen learned in'tjio law coola 'afford 'to despise ortho Í-raphy, and th >t If they were capable, of iau|ing'an offender te gaol it would not much matter if they spelt prison with r'r. The great question in my mind it as to where the de velapment of the force is to stop. Already a poliseman needs to bo a pretty g-od runner, a good boxer, a tricky wrestler, and a a fair nll-rourid athlete. Unless he is all these he I« nono too safe in Little Bourke strcot or Collingwood Flat. Latterly ho has hud to Uko an ambulance cour-o in order* that ho iniiyi be ablo to give temporary relief to Teddy Hoodlum when Sally Larrikin has split! hi» skull with a quirt pot. Now ho 1» to bt os opte apructitionor as; old Belhulo, und when wo have got all this for 8s, 6d per day ¡we want grammar into ' tho bargalrí.' Truly we are gotting a little too ,oxuci ting. If we go on liké this' there will 'nat ' bo a momjent left,in which »yoting constable may improve his acquaintance with a comely waitress or a pretty milliner." ' , SWEATING.-There are, saya " Mercutio," ,in the Auckland ''Herald,, a goodly number,' Of peoplu who sneer at any legislative pro- tection being necessary''in this' colony for lulwur. Thoy say that although, thero are a grout many abuses in the" crowded maris of th^Old World. ,in, Ne^byd |«,Jaok ja.na pood as his,master," well able to, take care of hlmielf/s^d-woeld hot «nbnrtt to any tyrnijny from capital. If anybody is under' that delusion, let him read the evidenoe given by » Danedin tramoar conductor this week before the Sweating Commission ? ,0ri the morning of January 29 ho started work) at 85 minutes ,to 8, and waa (notre» j lloved till five minutes past 0 p.m., and had had no food during that time, Ongoing'to the office' he was told that ho hud to go on again at 101 in which case he would not ha\o got home; till half-pn»t 12, and W9«W have baa to resumo at 23 minute» past 7 next day. He refused] and was fined 2s. Od., and charged 2a. alleged to be short, and Is. for not having Îiutjtho advertisement board on the car. I» t a ¡wonder under such a system (if the facts ure correctly stated by the driver) that employees, smarting under what they be licyo 'to be grievous wrongs, should occa- sionally be guilty of cinbeziloment and breaches of f rust, and that the poor rule of .' Diamond cut diamond" Bliould be left to settlo matters between master und man. G. NICHOLLS, GLOBE BREWERY, bega to draw attention to bis very Superior Stock of Choice Wines and Spirits A Single Bottle may bo had at Wholesale Prices;,also bia. Malt 'Ale, which obtained the highest awards at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, 1888-89, which may bo had in Quarts and Pints! Dandolion Alo, a Refreshing Summer Drink, and which is guaranteed to keep in all climates, may be hld in Quarts and Pints. This Ale is oxtensively used in all'the Aus- tralian Colonies, also by the,General Hos- pital end tho Tasmanian Government, and highly recommended by the medical profes- sion as a tonic for Purifying the Blood and Acting on tho Liver. , , 