[?] Last night being New Year's Eve, the shops ,ini tlie Squaro wore kopt open till a lato hour for .the. convenience of those who .desired to mako purchases. A gr'eilt fiia'ny pcdeatridifs paraded along the town, but their numbers wero small as compared to those on Christmas Evo. To-day will bo observed as a general holiday, and it will bring to a close the Kiinual - festival, but- tho shops' upon this occasion will also bo closed to-morrow, by the resolution of tno xraues union, xltis is to. compeusate, the eriiplnyes for the customary lialf-holiday .observed on Wednesdays: Tlio principal amusement to-day will be the sports on the Canip Reserve. There a'te Several pedestrian and cycling events on the programme for decision, and- as some crack pC'di arid .whceltnCft have 'entered, tho Coritesfs sf.'ridld excite mricli interest. The runriiiig tfack ' b'a'S teen put in good order, arid there will no doubt b'o a largo number of spectators present. , A charge of ;Gd will. bejuiado ..for adiuission fo the graud-staiid, audi-. the.,. building should be crowded, at this small tariff. Iu the evening, the boards of the Theatre Royal will bo occupied by a clever Irou'pei known as Whittington's Jollities. The perfortiiaiie'e is highly spokeri of, being niirtli- ful, and vei-y suitable ffri hdliday-ii/fikcfs to bring their dit's outing to a ' close. Tffo foundry Brass Band commenced to jilay around; the town and its . outskirts la'st night, and o6u- tiii'u'ed till long after the New Year had been ushered iu. The ', Borough Band .also "com-' nienced playing last night boforo 9 o'clock, and continued playing till a late hour this inornrng. The usual'watch-nigiit service was held. at the Wesleynn Church', in Barker-stteet. - The liCw PoStal Act Amendment Bill covtles into operation to-day, the principal provision of which appears in' another colrimri. ' A satisfactory srfle Wiis held at tho Yandoit Hotel yesterday' By Mr .W. Adrfiris, Uuctiiorieer, when everything wiis disposed of. , . ' A resident of . Elphiristorid HHmed' jolin Hansford, was admitted to. the Hospital yoRtcr- driy suffering from typhoid fever." : '/- j The.- prizes -awarded to , tho pupils .in' Miss \Y ray's Elocutibn Class, at tho Scliotol ofABritis, are in the possession of Mr J. W; Harrison, who ;is-iiuthorised' t6';ltriild 'fhb'ny ov'et' 'to' ' tho wiiiners. ' ' ; ; A lad named Mifforidy iViirf .accidentally drowned yesf erddy" ; Af tdf lib'oil "' i n li dain -at Winters Flat, 'Baflaffa/I/ .whefoiio. w with sohie conipariuins! ,lMarmiuy got out, of his depth anil sank.-bis/gpiupanioiis/ouuig unable to render him any .assistance: / . -(i :) it .1 f . A torriblo . fatal- lniniugj nccidont . is. reported from- Kingston yesterdiiy.?. lriortiing.!.-. A . uYan named: Samuel Troscott-accideiitally fell; down the shaft of tho Berry Consols nifne'frriiiT the surface'- to tli'e'r bottdin'v ;; 'He f-' vhis / frightfully niangled, death, -of course; b'eirig itisfantarie'ous. Accounts-aro lying for paymont! at the Trea sury for tl'ro followhig i-'JyiAifkeri, CrislMn'friiiie Amalgamated Minerrii-A'ssochition, Gas". Com- pany, W. S. DoBbin/'-R. Galliieber, T. R. Johnston j andr. Go.; J. Lamcastcr,- ! Al'Cullocli Carrying Co., M. Talbot.- . ; : ' The uspal holiday r-arrangenients -wU'l be ob- served- by,UioPo5t-officeand'Telegr.'fph; Depart ment 'to-day. "All poVfrOffices"", will he closed to th'eqiublic at lO a.ni.i and only.t.he first dclivery by letter-carrier; will' be efl'ected,' but all country .mails will bo. reccive'd /and 'de'spatclied as usual. No money order or / savings , bank business will bo transacted. - Telegraph offices appointed to bo open on holidays will be open lis usual. - . ' I' . .' '' Hoiiora Eeriiiedy Was brought up' oil remand ht:the;Police Court; yesterday before th'e-Mayrir aii'd/Mr' M 'Lin es, ' Js.P. for wilfully trespass!-' iiig/ori t he premise's of James Regari. Sergeant .Douglas' staled she, had, been -in the habit of beiiting Iibr. father and . creating a disturbance; but .be did mot wish. to. prosecute her. . Upon his b'eing put in tho box the old- man said he hail .given'' his daughter in "charge of ' the police," but lie did not want to prosecute lief. He wiis.willing to pay tbo lialf-erown expenses incurred. ThofMnyor told the. offender it was a shameful tiling .fpr,Iier. to,. beat her. father, and he htiped that , sli o' would, .not' do 'so again, .for then she/would. n'ot bd let' Olf so ; easily.ns this time.: /Ho then 'discfiai-ged' !l'ier. '- ''Hawkers HMna&.'i!)4.effifQ'lCaIpklJmes , aiid."Gai- esepplFriiiizi'.: c ' " ' -..Yesterday, forenopn, a serious case.of snake one. occurrearat; touyon- tjrange.- ' A servarit girl riamed.i Alvena iM'Leish jhad occasion to proceed to a hole to. draw a bucketful of water, and whilst' -waiting for 'her; assistant; 'she laid down onvthaslon/'riri'dufell aslecip. On awakening she. . rix.perieiieed ii- peculiar sensa tion, arid' hiisteiiod to her mistress' house. It was"' tfie'ri'i'discqyered that Miss M'Leisli had hue ii bitten ,tby- a- snake on -tlie left arm near the -, Shoulder, -fie/.-''iiuuctum!'.''bemg': easily detected./ The girl- was. conveyed to the local Hospital.; where vDr.;Hendersini ' applied the usual' remedies, and /although the patient was in/a .dangerous condition for some time slio had recovered, .a "good-, deal last night from the effects, of -.the - reptile's bito-hy the treatment administered, by the Resident Surgeon. 'Whittington-'a'- Jollities,- wiio give ari entet- tairiment in the Tbeatro Royal to-night, have bedmdoing good- business in the towns visited by/theiri. ' The1, opening part of their prograriime represents' Mf'CInirrington in his villa in New York, receiving visitors who spend an hour in smart sayings, witticisms and songs,, of which a synopsis will. bp, seen in -the projgrainm'e pub fished in: our advertising. ..columns. Two of tlio charhctefs represent coloured waiters, tlie one being taken liy Tom Kennedy; and the other by W. Kean, who ; both contribute largely to the drollery. as comer nieii; Tho former had been wiili Holly's ministrol troupe, and besides this the portion he takes in' amusing, ho is particu larly clever in daricingl Miss Clarinda Phil|ip8'spociality issirigarfA.aridMissM'Doriald's Is ji/ skipping rope darice. The concluding farce, " Justico'for Ireland," is noticed as being very amusing. . " Captain. Do Burgh delivered a lecture entitled " Uiimpses into the Unseen World" in the Mschanics' Institute last, night. There was' a sinall at tendance,- the ISe vs W. A. Whitney, J. Albisti>ri._ni)d ,E..,A- .Crawford , lipiiig..niiUingst those present Theleclurer, Who hnsrtliri'e stage pveseiico and 'clear deliveMv crininrericed his dissertation, by refefrlrtg t'o thd Variods, religious beliefs of tliirereril fiVces. IIe jjqyo it - as his opinion' that' h'o' conaidered there was-godd in every religion,!' oxceptiiig . that of .' the Atheist,: which was tho very worst.. Ho believed that a short service of. 20 minutes' duration on, Sunday mornings would bo attended with more boneticinl results than the usual lengthy sorvico'. .'-Infinito space and eternity surpassed the coiripvohiinaioh of the hntnnn race," and whilst mitey pfeoplo spoko on the subject1 v'ety feV carefully eon- sjdered it, owing to lits pretefria'turafnesst. The captain narrated seiforal strange arid startling stories of a sundiaiatural'cha'rBbtor/to sfiow tli'at "there are more things in Heiivon. arid earth than are dreamt of ift,. pKikiyipKyj'fei fTy./yjij'; eluded by .briefly. alluding to the certainty of death, which was comnfori to. all, - and therefore wo should rdulturo our faculties: nndt so niSke preparation foi the" unseen world! -Captain De Burgh was applauded at the close of his lectufei . A peculiar case of supposed ghosfjjr yisitatinii has juat .ligon cloared'up . at, fawell. ' Mfs;\Vil. linnis, residing iu Ligar- street, lias "for some weekB been very much alarmed, by rpeculiar noises and voices proceeding apparently from various purls of the house both during night and diiy; At.riight'also' tho furniture ImS' beon dia- EboSI.. tast Friday /night the voice became very offensive .in ( its roriiarks, and seine heigh- bpurs were ' seiit' for, . wiio in turn sent/ for the police. \Vlien - OpnRtablo Fitzmaurico arrived, atyoice,. seemit'igly.from the ohim.iiey,, asked, him ,Wimt ; hq>ri,nntq;/.:Thel oldmiiqy was .mrch'ed, but no clue to the mystery was obtained, and the voice next came from under the floor. The beards were pulled up. but nothing wag fouotl. was ..kept undo|»lil|feo.,f Saturday, hnd at night a larg&'firovvd, composCa of busffHs men and others, assembled. at the place witfiout; however, being able to elucidate the .mystery. .. Sunday,, also,, was uneventful, ithriugH, Jli'o Bounds' woro still , heard, arid the town was., in quite a atato of excitement. Monday night, however, the lriyatety was cleared up. , Mrs. Williams has a granddaughter living with fier,; a child bdviecn eleven, and twelvo years, anil this precocious juvctiilo lias confessed that she :is tv, v.ontriloquiat, .arid .was the cause of the trouble, and, so ends the riiys'tery of tho Staweli ghost. Tho Mount Morgan . Company on Thursday pay a dividend of Is for December, equal to L50.000. . , Duiing the Christmas holidays the bonded warehouse of Mcdsfs Ives- and Co.; A fgy re- street, Syduey, was entered by- burgliii's, wh'o carried olfa'quiifitify of ppiifni, valued at L800 or L1000. It is supposed thai the robbers gained ncccss through the roof. The insolvencies ; in .New, South -Wales for 1889 riufribiFed I0S, as coriipare'd wlffi 851 in the preceding.; year. The liabilities , wero L792.442, as' agaips.t Lt)59,407 assets 1394,927, as against L4o.9,(>77, and deficiencies L897,513, as agaii'ist L199,730. . . Ten Chinamen, who were arrested at Echuca for' gambling, -were brought up at the police- court on Monday morning. They were caught iu the act. Nino were fined 10s each for gnnib- lfrtif, (hie being their first offeri'e'e, arid Fifri -tip for .keeping rf gairiing-hottsri n;as GrtCcl L2. All tfffi fat'i'-tan hnplotiieiifs dtid file frioiiey foiirid on the table wero confiscated. Some few months ago Mr Robert Ross Haver- fleld, a : journalist and explorer of over fifty years' Victorian experience, died. . His many friends (says the ' Argus ') organised a subscrip tion, and from that fund paid oft' a mortgage on bis house, paid the funeral expenses, provided u suitable' memorial stone for bis gtave, arid handed ovflr a balance of LoO to his widow at Christmas'! ide. The Agricultural.Burcau of South Australia lias repottM tri the' Chief Secretary' that in spite of Ibo most, diligent inquiries, and advertise; menfsf iri all ffto colonies, it is' uiiablo fo. git any oiio whom it can' with confidence recommend as ..manager of ; the. travelling .dairy which, it has been decided to place ori the railways- The position will be readvertiscd for, and, if neces sary, a larger salary will be offered. . Heiiry Wells was brought up at the Brisbane Police Court on Mondny oil the charge of mur dering 'John Jos. O'Halloran at Downfall Creek on Safrirday; The cvid'ericb showed decesed was under familiar with prisoner's wife. Pri- sOri'er, Xvh'eii afre'sfed, said lis c-iuglit deceased arid his wife misbchavifig, whereupon' ii tight ensiled, resulting m the killing''' of O'Hal- lOrau. , . ; .Dr Goode, who was defo'ndarit iri the recent Orange hospital slander case, aiuf ng'ainat whom a verdipt for L200 damages wis returned, was arrested on Saturday for neglecting to pay the costs of the action, which amounted to over L1000. Dr Goodo declares liis intentiori of not paying a penny. He. says he coriscieiitiously can not admit he; was wrong; He has been placed in g'iul. / ' , " ! ' : ; 1 ' /-'- - : "c' A telegrain . .frojn Hobart reports f— " Two young men, one of fheni being' a/son of Mr Aud- ley Cotife, M.L.C,, left. Spring- Bay on _Eriday for Earlliatn, and nothing, has been hcard of them sinco. Both weio experienced boatinen; and wero in the habit of takiifg- produce ttf Mdria Island. It is' surmised fliat the bodt was upset in a- squall. A steamer was set out, nnd ' it searched the locality, but only th'e boat's seat w'as'fou'nd." ' James' Diamond, a ;barman at the Stariley Hotel, Clare, South Australia, was found dead in liis bedroom on Monday liioi-ning. The body was lying iu a pool of blood, the. tjiroat; being cut with a .razor, which was- found : under the body. "'The' deceased was a single man,- about 27 yesirs olil, bavhig' relation in Victoria." ' At the inquest a verdict was returned ' thiit / the ; de ceased died by liis own net while of urisourid riiind. " . - ' There is moreine'rit' ori fonf /at. Dihi'ediri, which is vierie'd riitli oo'nsiderablii favour,"t'o take . th'e New Eealand portion of the exhibition to Eng land during the coming year. Mr Joubert is promoting tlie scheme/ aiid ' he./tiamea'.LOjOOO as a; sum eBseiitial fur- the purpose. ' The Press is not - unfavourable, ' but considers' Ll00,000 necessary, and that the project. should be under taken- by the; Government.: ; Miriistenatuttof- ances have' been made which indicate that the G'overnmeilt tfike a favoufable vfUw of tlTe 'nro- je'ot. " ' ' '' ,'r';L '' f ''' w . On SHtui'da'y. afternoon ' ri. fire statted ' irii Mr G. ' ' M 'Cra'Pkeri's" ptddock; Tailygirioopria,1' arid very soon it spread' oveV liHri'ffreds of acres. A crop' 100 acres.'lri extent; rifliich wa's expected/to yield five bags of wheat per acre,' was. destroyed. The fife"crossed tlie' Biad' several tiriies/' arid hundte'ds of people ivh'o; congregated ttf figli't the flames could do nothing to, stop, their prri- gre'ss; /The fire went Jt6Wiirds- tlie' Ooiilbtirn River, and ia now burning ,iri tlie' viciriity' <>f Lock Garry. A lot of fencing ii'As dHtVoyeii', and tlie farui-hpuses' were sayed' with difficulty. A story reaches: us Oreswick, 'Advertiser ') from the Dean district: which , would be quite incredible were it not for. trie- fact that- the .in formation comes from" a thoroughly reliable source/ Some daya ago a young man residing at Newlyn, was engaged ploughing on a fap>!> at the Long Sriamp'. ; ..Trie hrirse he/witdfiving had been, very restive dufingLtlie. niofiiirig, and fifeqrien'tly, travelled' ,at h-. pacoVloo qriipk/. "for doing good work, but the cause .'of tlie, apimnl's movements was nqt understood./ 'jAftegj/luiicn, work Was resuriied, :iv ben the young plo'ug linian noticed a white spot in the horse's tail, a close inspection of which disclosed the fact that a young ring-tailed possum had secreted itself in the tail; It is surmised that the Marsupial selected its nest while the horse was lying down in the stable on the previous night. On Monday, at the Carlton police court, a man named Frederick Parnell , was charged with cruelty to animals. Mr W R.Palirtio nil hul I half Of the SoSiety for the Prevention of Cfilelty ttf AtiirrialS, pWaecutdd; Plairi'olothes coriSfable Btffkum gave eVideriee' relating ttf a dock fight .which, ttfok pitted .fit' f h'o. Priridp. rif' \YilM':H6tel, Bouverid-Btreof, an Cliriiif mas Biy.. He, iii com- , pany with Plairi-fclotlids-cbnitable' Vivian; visited the hotel named' in. consequence' 6f a criiri'pliiint sent to- the 'police. Th'tt Jrburid in ffl'hdf&t; yard at the. Wa'ri Of/the" h/qtol rt jarge.'ritirilber , .of spec'- nndjTith wifo ut the tup/ . Borsprii riot ori to the; fence,, and fthun saw Parneli wtGi a iame fowl ill his.. hand,- . with anntfior mari, hqldriig another bird Fpposito,. apparently just: in readi-: ness'for a contest.. Tho constable was rioticed by soino of the spectators, and an slarrii ' was raised arid the crowd immediately diSiiefsed, s'olttn ttiakiiig exit ovef ffio ferice or ariy place tfi'ey could find. : .Borsom tuucceded iri securing Parneli with tlte' bird utideri fill Hrin, which wss armed. with steel spurs 2 inches iri, length. The bird was out about- tlie head and' nock, arid was bleeding/ Parneli told the constables. that the/ bird did not belong to hint, .although he had beon. in'ppMossiou of the steel spur for 15 years. . Tho fowl had fought five bifda during ther,d!ay,sihreejafi,which:he had killed, and the- irobabilitiesrare that he would haVe beaten the Jkit'htid not tho police nrrived -ori thw scorie; Thri bench inflicted a tiiitfof L5 With L2 2s cost; In. default two months' itripriSohtrie'nt.- V." ; An Aristoonatio - Journalist.— Americans dearly love ..a duke, and with characteristic enterprise:' Mr Gordon "'Boririqtt ' filis, '/siiys" a Berlin./telcgrani, qiigaged 15; /Ausfriari' Grand Duke, John Brilvatpr, as ii riiemher.of/ the New York ' Herald 'vatnE , /There/ wUl; tbirijrs the ' Christian. World.' bo a great fluttering, of hearts amongu tbs iunappropriatcd milliohiriiiifiiteitiin' acros.", I he lyccr whon the nows beoomcaknowri/ Skinky Mes, — Wells' Health Rca'cwcr : restores health and vigour, cures dyspepsia, impotcnco I sexual debility At eheipieti aqd diuggietu,' 