. . MB. AND MRS. BOWSES/ By Mrs. Bowskb. I suppose Air. Bowser is just like all other husbands in regard to money matters,: aud 1 hope 110 one will get tho idea that I am speak ing in a complaining tone. It is tho duty of a wife to put up with whatever queer things her husband's nature mav develop, and 110 wife must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies .and incomprehensible actious.- - A few weeks before we were married he himself brought up the subject. of money matters, and that to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he said : " There is one thing which shall never happen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down to the last shilling, and eveu then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man." " Yes," I replied, not knowing what else to say. / ' When we are married," he continued, "half my income is yours. Why not? We are tho same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual convenience and safety, you have the same right to it as I have. When you want any, just go to the pocket-bok and help yourself." We had been married several weeks when I wanted a couple of dollars. I happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay asleep ou the lounge one evening, and I therefore took out his pocketbook, removed a 2aol. bill, and re placed the rest as I found it. As I did so he jumped up and yelled out : \- Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't know what the article is 1 Married only six weeks, and you are robbing your husband !" " You told me to help myself." " Never 1 I'd look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I ?" " But you said half your income belonged to me, and that I never need ask for money." "You must bo erazv. "What on earth could you do with money ? " Why, if you had ladol. or 20dol. per week you'd run us to ruin in three months. I don't want to pinch you dowuas some wives are pinched, but don'tyou ever have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When you want change I'll give it to you." In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the broakfast table, and tlie way lie suddenly looked up almost caused me to choke on a mouthful of potato." " A dollar !" hoexclaimed. " Yes, VOU said.,r-.«hn>'M s — 1 — 1 \- wanteaany money." " Humph 1 Here is 40c., and I hope you will exercise good judgment in expending it." Two days later he inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said : " Air. Bowser, we have been married eight weeks. Your ine-nno, as yon have informed me, is 40dol. per week." " W-what's that to do with this case?" " A great deal, sir, You have had 2S0dol. come m since we were marneu. liow have you spent it ? Please get out your account book." " Are you talking to me ?" " Certainly. I am the same as a business partn. r. How has that money goue ?' ' He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put ou his hat and walked round the block to cool off. When lie returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say : " Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house." "Yes." " That head must see to money matters." " Yes." "I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money ,0 a certain extent, it — it — " "It is not my money to another certain ex tent r" " Well, tho proper way for you is to confer with mo as to what you need." " If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?" " But that's different." " Oh ! it is ! Yery well— let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down: 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2c.; I darning needle, lc. ; li agate buttons, 3c. ; 1 corset lace — " " Stop !" he interrupted. " As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hopeyou will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't show me any bill of items." We "had not been married three months when I observed some very peculiar actions on the part- of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. Ou two occasions I found his wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I came down first. Attain, it was under the lounge iu the sitting- room. "When I asked for au explanation of these queer proceedings be replied, that it was to guard against burglars. One nigiit, ivheu he thought I was asleep, ho got up and took his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare lied. An hour later I went in aud found it aud removed its contents, about 40dol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and pre sently I heard him dancing about aud shout ing: " By the great horn spoon! but we've been robbed, Mrs. Bowser !" "Well?" < " We had burglars in tho house last night ! " "No " Yes, we had " How do you know ?" " Because my money is gone !' ' " Where was it ?" — He checked himself there and mumbled some thing I could not hear, but when he came down he was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as he said: " Airs. Bowser, do you think the cook is honest?" " Why, of course. How could she come in our bedroom aud take your wallet out of your coat?" " Strangest thing I ever saw. They tookthe money, but left the wallet." At this moment he began searching his pockets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity liiin. Since then I have found his wallet in the waslistand, in the bed, behind the bureau, under different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the clock. Once he left his coat to have a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had been gohe an hour or more.' "when I looked out and saw him coming up the street 011 the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house wa3 on fire, .and gre w. so weak that I had to fall into a chair. .. He jumped against the front door with a great hang, fussed around to unlock it, and finally l ushed in to yell out : . " Where is mv cout V" ' . " Is— is the house afire ?" I osked. ' Thunder, no ? Where's'roy coat ?" " Why, hanging on the hall-tree." "And you' ve been into .my wallet ?" " No, I haven't. I haven't even touched the coat." He gave an awful grunt of delight as. he found the wallet safe, and, hs I afterwards ascertained, it contained exactly 7dol. and no more. The German Emperor lias ordered official notices to he published iu all parts of the Empire warning intending emigrants against the delu sive promises made by many emigration agents, who induce ignorant people to take passages under false pretences. 