THE REASON FOB THE ANTI SEPARATION AGITATION. QUARTETTE AT GOUGH'S HOTEL. GHOST of King Billy, of glonone, pions aid immortal memory. MILES, HAGGER, JOHNSOK, in the flesh. HAGGEK-Fin a Sepurationist, and its against my convictions and injurious to my reputation to write such rot as yon require against Separation. MILES-Never mind, your reverence, I'm a Separationist myself ; your writ ings are trashy, but they are good enough for the crowd behind us. I m running- the show under orders from Sir Sam, who can't afford to lose the North, and with whom I ronet keep ri^hklfjyiSiflffuT' finding the work ip|M4%^6 and they tri'I harne to do ^ they are told, or Fll Back the lot and do as Armstrong does, employ Chinkie* in future. JOHBGOS-I dont see how I can assist you, because Fm a Separationist also ; besides I supported Dillon and Home Rule for Ireland, and yon know Sepa ration and Home Ra'e are the same. MIKES-Yon be d , you must do as you axe told, otherwise we wont run you with Sayers at the next general election. Kikg Billy : My Children-There must be no dissension ; Miles is right, and you Hagger must swjkllow your convictions as you have dope before, or Fll send round thatTownmlle scandal and upset your cart. Yon just write according to instructions, and yon, Fred, you are not old enough to have convictions about anything1. Your parents must have been fond of chil dren or you would have been drowned * hen you were a baby. On Miles're commendation 1 have fbigiven your little indiscretion frith'D31oa and Home Rule, hut don't let it occur again. Be a good boy, Frpd, and you will be an M.L.A, one of these days. HAGGKU : But there is no good atgu ment against Separation. Jounson : Hear, hear. MICAS: Shaft npboth of you, or else clear out and l will get other tools to do the work. Kerosene tins in the hands of a few rowdies are splendid arguments against Separation. Billy and I have been discussing the business, and although we know that Separation Jb detaahle, and that we aie being euchered by die South, we must oppose it, ImaaBo the Sep*' ationiirfs have -chaeeo Jiohn Macnwean for their lianeolaiy leader, and he aodfl l«o bably be the Premier of North Queens l*nd. We axe afraid he woald hand over the country to the Pope^ with whom King Bflly is not on sposkiug terms. Sjogkb-What can we s*y against Beptn&m.; KIKG Buxt-Go at the Kanakas. Johnsoh-Bnt the " nigger " is dead Griffith says so. Koro Biilt-Go at the " nmger**ail the same, it takes -we know he is dead right enoagh but your crowd will swallow anything from a long beer in adead niggetv-ao trot out the "stiff 'on "atmn^dnme, it's the only thing to frjghten our boys against Separation. 