IE SESSION. Iu the early part of last eveniug'a sitting of the Legiihitiro Council the inembora were occupied in tho consideration of tho Standing Ortiorn. Sir Alfred Stephen, troubled at tho alow advance ot' useful legislation, aud porbaps .it lli, 1 mi tin n r 1 11H lltilitV ftf 1 llO Divorce Amendment Dili, moved that the Standing Orders Committee be advised to con sider the expediency of giving precedence, in cerium ca son, to particular orders of the day. After a protracted dUcussiou an amendment, which was really the motion, limited 111 its operaliau to one day in the fortnight was carried, with an instruction that the committee should also give eoiunderaliou to tho expe diency ot giving precedence in some instauces to tho revumpiion of adjourned debates. The House afterwards proceeded to debate the Lodgers' Protection Bill, introduced by Mr. iicyoon. It war. opposed by Mr. (Simpson, the Attorney-General, who demonstrated that lodgers Had their goods nnd chattels, with the exception of furniture, already protected by the Hunt and Replevin Act. The exemption of furniture from the sheltering icgis of the law nppeau? to have beou made to proven l collusion between a tenant and his lodger. After a long discussion the bill wus rejected on the second reading by 'Jo rotes to 1 1. Xim subject of divorce, on Sir Alfred .Stephen's biil, was further discussed and ad journed until to-day. Shortly after the Assembly met Mr. O'Sullivan moved tho adjournment ot the House in order to discuss tho Bathurst railway accident, which be informed members ho considered of more im portance than the federatiou proposals. The House was not at one with the member tor Queaubeyan, but that bon. gentleman was deter mined to proceed, and did so. Ue spoke of the sense of insecurity which had been created by these frequent accidents, and stated that instead of an independent inquiry being held au inquiry by a board of subordinates of the Commissioners hu I been held, and these officers would hardly report against their superiors. lie hadi nothing to say against the Commissioners or the officers under thcin, but be considered that tho circum stances demanded an independent inquiry. "It is very hard to say whether this motion is more ludicrous or indecent," said Mr. M'Mil lan wanuly in reply, lie pointed out at once, and vory cloarly, that the Act had been fol lowed in first appointing a board of officers of the department to inquire into the accident, in order that tho Commissioners might bo supplied with information, so that they might furnish it to Parliament, It was for the Minister to say whether any further inquiry should bo made, and it was in this connection that the indecent haste of the Opposition came iu. Ho had only just placed the report on tho table, and members hud not had time to go through it, yet the member for Queanbnyan, with superhuman ability, had pretended that he couid grasp tho report after such a transitory scrutiny. The matter of an independent inquiry had been before the Cabiust but no decision hud yet bean arrived at. The House would be iu- loimed when it had. Mr. Wall objected to bow down and worship "that departmental fetish," the Railway Com missioners. Mr. Crick said the evidence taken by their own oiliccrs condemned the Commis sioners. Mr. Gormly dwelt uloqueutly on the necessity for side- chains, which lie said should not be discontinued. Air. Schey branded the report as false. Ue said ho had only put in five minutes at the report, but be w would not hesitate to stigmatise it 113 ono tissue of mis representation." air. Karnell defended the Commissioners and agreed with the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. WiLis condemned the Com missioners iu wholesale tonus and Mr. Gleu limed Hutchison rose with a Poo's Raven-like air, and intimated that he merely desired to say that it was bis conviction that "Rome day there will be a tremendous smash." Mr. O'riuilivau briefly replied aud the debate closed. " The fnturc student of the history of Now South Wales will read with some amazement the few words which created the burden of the song of almost all the speakers at the confer ence held to consider the suhj'.ct of federation. Every speaker told us that there was 'a lion in tho path.' What Lhat lion was I will tell you later. But there is now another lion in the path — a lion in the path of the Colonial Secre tary— namely, the ungenerous treatment he baa shown to a member of thii side of the House and a political opponent." It was iu this man ner that Mr. Dibbs opened up his speech uu the federation proposals of the Premier, lie was warmly cheered upon rising, and also upon the conclusion of the sentences quoted, by the members of the Left. Air. Dibb-, who, by-lhe-way, spoke in much better style than usual, went on to say that be would have acted as a delegate with pleasure, lie was iu favor of federation 5 but even if lie were not, he contended that ho should have been selected 10 represent tho colony in virtue of hid position as head of a la.-ge party, as well as on other grounds. This was a question which alL-cted the whole of the people of tliu colony, aud ulmievur their opinious they had a right to be heard ou a matter ike this, in winch the Parliament war? oven going against tho mandatci of the people aud the terms of the constitution. But tie would puss that by. lie did not want to utiuml the conveutiou us an eehoer and sup porter of the opinions of the Premier, lie would say that t.hu Premier was quito able 1 to state his own views in any assemblage in the world. He had the ability aud the courage of his opiuiohs, This courteous acknowledgment was applauded and Mr. Dibhs was proceeding to assert that the Premier had not shown that spirit of conciliation iiecessary to secure federation iu insulting that side of the House by ignoring its leader, when Air. Hawketi interrupted with a point of order. The member for Newtown was anxious to know if the House would he acting within its powers in passing ronoiutioms having for their object the culling into existence of a state of things under which tho representation of the people of New South Wales would be destroyed and the privileges of that House infringed. The .Speaker laid this ghost by assuring Air. Uawken that the House had full power to pass the resolutions. "I accept the omission of uiy name as one of the greatest compliments the Premier could pay me," continued Air. Bibbs, and he proceeded to explain, amid the plaudits of his supporters, that ho considered it an iudica- tioa tnat tho Piumicr rugurded hi 111 as a politician whose opiniouH he couid not control. He chanictcris'-'d tho Premier's speech of Wednesday last a? one of the worst lie had ; ever delivered, wnue the peroration was one of the jmost inuguiliconi. The eloquence waa there, but the uoiid mutter was Jacking. Iu regard to the charge against himself, Air. Dibbs said ha would clear himself at once by Baying , that Uu was in favor of federation, aud had never been opposed to federatiou. "There if?, thisdiilerence between the Premier and myself," he said; " lie believes in iucumpictu federatiou whiiu I believe iu the founding of an Australian uatiou under our own ihg. 1 believe I speak l ho minds ui both sides of the iiousu when I say that if we are to alter our present condi tion we should have a Hag of our own. At tho Bnmu lime I don't think the limu has come to separate from tlie mother country, although J have m ule no secret of uiy view ih.tt these colonies have a grand future before them as a nation." " Did I strike below the hult when I uud that the Premier had raised ihe cry of federa tion in order to throw ilust iu the even of the protectionism ?" demanded the leader of the Opposition, and he went ou to energetically contend that lie had not, ami to express doubts us to the genuineness of tho Premier's desire for federation. Sir Henry Parkes, lie suit!, had in IffiS-l delivered a speech opposed to federa tiou iu connection with the Federal Council, which nody was a stepping-stone to federation. Reverting to the "lion," he was confident that if it were not got rid of ic would cut up the federal ptoposals like the wolf ate up Red Riding Hood's grandmamma. To avert this they should put themselves on all-fours with Vic toria in her lineal policy, and that would be a foundation-Htoue upon which to build up the cviilice of federation. Leaving the main Usue, Mr. Bibbs wbhod to know if in federating the Premier proponed to federate lhi assets as well an the loans, ami what Now .South Wales would come to if this were done? Undid not regard the proposals as being strikingly advantageous to this colony, aud insisted on behalf of the people that everything in ibis connection should bo thoroughly explained ami understood before tho decisive step wua tuken. In regard to the delegates, were they to havo men who would conscut to be dictated to by tho Premier or men who would stand up and say, "I. represent Now South Wales " ? Ho scouted the idea of a con stitution on the lines of tlmt of tho Dominion of Canada, which the Premier had himself a d milled was not altogether satisfactory, and moreover contended that all the advantages which were proposed to be gained by federation could be secured without it— and without loaa of independence— by creating uniform laws in tho diflerent colonies. In conclusion, ho doubtod if the Premier's proposals would coino to any thing. He reiterated that personally bo favored the establishment of au independent Australian nation, and he would give the strongest possible support to bring about federation in that direc tion, but thought that perhaps for the present it would be hotter to leave well alone. Air. Dibbs resumed hUsuat amid enthusiastic Oppo sition cheering, after having spoken for ono hour and a quarter. "I intend to oiler my most strenuous opposi tion to the resolutions of the Premier," said Mr, Want, who followed Air. Dibbs. Ami he did at some length and in a loud voice, condemning Sir Henry Purkos' resolutions and hinting the opiuion that ho was playing up to the policy of protection, prepared to sacrifice hi9 prin ciples to secure his fad. Air. Balranald Wilkin son supported tho Premier right out, aud Mr. Alexander Brown was equally Htroug on the other aide, declaring himself to be "a red raw republican." Atr. Kwing followed, moving the adjournmcut of the debate, aud tho House rose at 10.60. 