Our weir is gradually but surely moving on towards its completion, the main and scour valves now being finished, and the water tower, which is to reach a height of something like 25 feet, 10 feet of which brickwork is already advanced. This it is auticipated will see its termination in about a fortnight's time. The pipes are now already set, under the able guidauce of Mr Billings and watchful care of bis sub-charge, Mr Frauk Johnson, to a distance of about half-a-mile from tbe weir. The special castings having uow arrived, this portion of the undertaking will in future be pushed ou with greater vigor, their previous non-arrival having to a certain extent impeded its progress. The pile driving and stone work equally well progressing, Cold and uncharitable weather still prevails with us, leaving its impress on the unfortunate cattle now crawling about our decimated town common. And speaking of the latter, into what quantity of ground has it dwindled ? To Bhow the difference a few degrees of latitude will make in our seasons, Mr L. A. Fairbairn, - one of our local auctioneers, who recently returned from a business trip to Deniliquin, informs us that there beautiful spring weather prevails, tbe earth is carpeted with the richest of verdure, prognosticating a coming season of bounty for sheep and cattle, which Utter now gladden the eye with their good condition. A most villainous piece of wanton mischief was perpetrated last night in our main thoroughfare by some evil, disposed spirits, when a "lampladder" of Mrs M/Coppin's was taken down and placed across the macadamised road. One of onr local butchers, who is the earliest bird about, in going as is his usual wont to his shop this morning before daybreak, narrowly escaped a severe accident, and only for the quick- sightedness of his horse such would have happened him. The animal seeing the abstraction suddenly stopped, just in time to nimbly step over the ladder, but bringing the wheels suddenly in contact with it, the jerk of which nearly threw the occupant out of his cart. It is a pity the movers in such sports as these were not caught to make an example of them, as when life and limb are the stake of their frolics an iron hand should be the weight of their measure. We cry out about the cold and frosty weather Why should we not have weather such as thiwhen the Hon. D. S. Wallace, M.L.C., brought us the intelligence that only last week he had the pleasure of travelling on the borders of Queensland through 100 miles of snow, which to him mnst have been a gentle reminder of the bounie hills of Scotland. A vile practice, as well as a dangerous one, is being enacted iu our township nearly daily—and we know not of another in the colony where football Is permitted in its street save oars, .Tile yonng fellows who seek enjoyment in this pastime kick away regardless of passing horsemen, buggies, or wayfarers, and alike regardless of their neighbor's windows. Where are onr custodians of the peace ! Are they doing their duty in not quitting this nuisance 1 Only a few days since, one of oar guardians of the peace (Mr Cassen), daring his diurnal round happened fortunately to stumble over a £1 note in the gutter opposite Mr Flack's Ballan HoteL Seeing Mr Thomas Flack standing at tbe door, taking in the breath of life as a purifier from the aarcharge of spirituous exhalations, he quietly asked him did the "find" belong to him; his answer being in the negative satisfied onr peace protector, who was qhietly investigating the treasure, when lo ! an applicant presented himself, who claimed the lost treasure, and was duly rewarded tbe same for our constahle's honesty. The advent of a party of Italians to our township last week with a view of making enquiries as to the possibility of leasing Crown Lands or freehold property whereon firewood could be cut, brings prominently before us an industry which should commend itself to our community, as viewing the benefits derived therefrom when, as now, that necessary article is growing yearly more scarce, a likewise food in enhancement of trade, and the emolument the Railway Department would receive in conveying the commodity to Ballarat and tho metropolis. Our visitors were not sufficed at ending their sojourn hero, but journeyed on Blakeville way to seek among the inhabitants of the Lords of its Forest their chance of ultimate success. May they prosper ! A good joke happened quite recently between the vendor urchins of newspapers and their victimised buyer. One of the above small " fry" in touting his budget of news whilst doing the "block" on a oertain railway platform found a ready customer in a well-known gentleman who was comfortably esconed in his railway carriage, and on' " purpose bent" for a long journey. Iu taking a enrsory view of his paper he found to his. chagrin that the object of bis purchase was of anterior date, being then " only a fortnight old"; feeling disgust at being so-called " bad" he cried out to another of the urchin tribe mistakenly : FRIDAY, JULY 18, lfeSO How dared he retail news of so old a date! The boy, with an apology that would have graced an older head, pointed out with jthorouRh business earnestness the folly of any gentleman buying newspapers from boys who were not "respectably connected news agents." The buyer, believing in this yonng rascal's " taking way" and apparent simnlicitv, purchased from htm likewise, only to find" after proceeding on his journey a brief distance that his latter acquisition bore the date of " a month back. ' During a late sojourn to our "God's Acre," where in viewing our surrouudings the spirit may be hallowed by sweet though sad communings with those who have passed away before us, retelling with each footfall the now for ever lost ties of friendship and the bonds of sacred} love resting peacefully before us, who once were to us all-iu-all, the vision that sheds its light upou memory points with uuerrin" aim to tho fact that the occupants of these narrow cells send not forth-froml'the! silent tomb words of utterance or upbraidings, yet does the bosom of Mother Earth resting o er some of them, reveal in speaking language to us those homes from whence sprang these tender offerings of chaste and unforgotten love,jtbe brightest flower from the garden of their souls. In passing through the wicket gate is to be noticed on the blackboard where the Cemetery's regulations are priuted, the name <>f one of the trustees still there, who has long since departed this life. Would it not be wise to expuuge this old friend's name out of compliment to those nearly allied to him, provided even that another trustee were not elected to fill his place ! A few seats distributed here and there would not only be an acquisition but a souroe of comfort to those visitors who delight to tread within the precincts of this sacred spot. A stranger to our community, who recently paid our township a visit through hearing of its salubrious situation, and one who takes an aotive part in church matters, remarked that although we were blessed with religious edifices that would grace a larger town, their outside surroundings did not redound much to their flocks. A pithy remark wound up his utterance that " assuredly timber, a few nails, lead, aud oil, must be expensive commodities." Now is tbe advent of our discontent? No! No ! Now is the time to give us the pleasure of seeing Fisken street planted with three dozen trees, or will our " Civic fathers" leave for another 12 mouths this long neglected work? There is the possibility that the Beeds may not yet have germiuated—in that case our lot is "Hobson's choice" and wait their generation. Flock owners! beware of prowling dogs or evil spirits. Only a few evenings since, a well-known resident in the Central Shire of Ballan, while recumbent in his somuoleut couch, where he had been quietly reading, turned dowu the light from the midnight oil tbe better to enjoy in flights uf fancy, interwoven with the wreaths of his invigorating "weed," those ideal dreams we so often wish a realisation; when lo ! a sound as of busy, muffled feet breakB the tilleid of his fertile imaginings aud the stillness of night, A few moments of quietude reassures him that 'tis uo idle dream. He rises, opens the door (which latter creaks, sending oat its warning alarm), he peers beyond its threshold, where is seen vauishing into the darkness of space this ghost or hob-goblin, quadruped or biped, thus leaving once again those meek woolly-faces t-o seek out shelter in their unrestrained freedom. Bonny, that iete noir of our pastoralists, has last found a home unmolested in his peregrinations, and daily pursuits, free to go and come at his own eweet will, and where his frolicing gambols are watched not by tbe curious eye of man or dog. Bis present home has been beautifully fenced iu as an asylum, select from the busy haunts of man, at much expense to tbe council and community and no doubt to his own gratification. One of our old familiars (in Mr George Williams) is takiug his departure from our midst after a residence in this shire of 38 years, 20 of -which bave been spent in Greeudale, aud the previous 1(5 years ia Blackwood in the good old days, when there was more money floating about than good sense. His sile will take place on Tuesday,' the 2'2dd inst., the transfer of the licence on the 24th, aud the gift of possession to its new occupant ou the 25th inst.. at 12 o'clock noon, This property, witb its goodwill^ fixtures, and furniture, together with the adjoining laud, about two acres, containing a nice garden that will grow almost anything, and a butcher's shop, brought the uice little sum of £500. On Monday a narrow escape from a severe accident befel Mr Hedderwick when proceeding on an intended journey to Ballarat. All went well with himself, his friend, buggy, aud pair, until he had reached Mr Gee's when one of his horses, out of some frolicsome humor started to kick about, with the result of breaking the pole of the trap and other damages. The occupants luckily escaped uninjured, but miuus the pleasure of their visit to their destination. Yesterday afternoon the remains of the infant daughter of Mr H. Densley, wbo died on Wednesday, were interred in the New Cemetery. The deceased was twelve months old. The funeral was well attended by residents from all parts of the district, which tended to show tbe respcct in which the deceased child's parents are held. The friends of Mr J. Tainsh, our popular musician, intend tendering him a complimentary concert and ball on Tuesday evening, 29th July. Mr Tainsh is held iu great esteem in tbe district, and all tbe best local talent have volunteered their services for the occasion. On Friday evening a social was held in the schoolroom at Ingliston. There were about 15 couples present, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. Mr W. Denholm made a very efficient M.C. Referring to the breach of promise case, which last week was wafted in aerial flight to us, our readers will be posted np religiously as the case advances. A sale of town lots in tbe township of Ballan, near the township boundary and the River Werribee, and also fronting Atkinson street, near the railway reserve, is gazetted to take place on Wednesday, 13th August, at the offices of Messrs Brophv, Foley and Co., Ballarat. A meeting of the Ladies' Committee for the forthcoming bazaar will be held in the Shire Hall on Wednesday afternoon next, at 3 o'clock. The tender of Messrs Foran Bros., for the supply of 5000 fencing rails at Fern Hill, Trentbam, Bullarto, and Leonard's Hill, at 64s 9d per 100, ia gazetted as having been accepted. Also for tbe supply of 5000, at same stations, at 52s 5d per 100, by the same firm. Owing to tbe forthcoming removal of Messrs Craig, Williamson and Thomas to their splendid new warehouse, now almost completed, a' general all round reduction in the stock is being made. The firm aver that it is wiser to sell their goods at a reduced rate and give their customers tbe benefit than to have them spoiled by the rough handling which is the unavoidable result when removing so huge & stook. Unlike many sales, where frequently a few leading lines only are sold cheap, the entire stock at this warehouse has been re-marked and ticketed at prices that should command immediate sale. On entering the door downstairs, piles of blankets, quilts, table covers, etc., are displayedwhile a table in the centre is laden with hosiery of all kinds marked in plain figures. In the glove department the same display is made. In the dress department for which this firm has been so long and favorably known, a display of all the newest and most stylish costumes is made, and customers wbo have been in the habit of pricing goods cannot fail to note the great reduction made. In the'millinery department, which, by the way is a very large one, a pretty floral toque can be bought for 10s 6d, and girls' really daintilly trimmed straw toques for 7s 6d. In a warehouse of this size it is impossible to name the thousand and one articles that meet the eye of a casual visitor, but a visit to Messrs Craig, Williamson and Thomas's s will well repay cash purchasers during the present sale. Mr J. Stone, it will bo seen by advertisement, has changed his place of business, having taken one of Mr Alford's new shops, opposite Mrs Purcell's. Mr Stone has purchased a large stock of the finest tobaccoes and cigars, and the hairdressing saloon is replete with every convenience for tbe comfort of his customers. Pierre Dollar, the French convict who made himself notorious by his escape from Pentridge some months ago, committed suicide yesterday morning by hanging himself iu his cell. The frost ou Wednesday and Thursday mornings was the heaviest experienced here for some years, aud the couutry round bod the appearance of being covered with snow. A Chinese named Ah Lock was fined £25 at Ballarat yesterday, for keeping a disorderly house and selling liquor without a licence. 