District Intelligence. KATOOMBA. Mountaineer. A GHOST AT KATOOMBA SOUTH. — Last Saturday night at Katoomba South a visitor called at the house of a lady friend, and while conversing with her loud knocks were heard underneath the house. 'Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost,' mournfully murmured the knocker. The lady did not shriek, and the visitor caught up a double-barrelled shooting concern and said, 'To be or not to be, that is the question.' The lady softly said, 'Blaze away,' and after saying, ' To a nunnery go, and, quickly, too,' the visitor pointed the gun in the direction of the 'ghost,' and scattered a charge of saltpetre towards the mystic rapper. In an instant the 'ghost' was over the garden wall, and while escaping he scattered far and wide the flower pots. We have not heard whether his ghostship felt the charge or not, but he left 2s and a copper underneath the domicile. If he wants the cash, no doubt the police constable, to whom the money was handed, will be pleased to return it. It seems strange that a ghost should carry about money. SHOOTING ACCIDENT AT KATOOMBA.— A very serious accident befel Mr. H. Coope, of Katoomba, early last Tuesday morning. It appears that while he was having breakfast he noticed some birds on a tree near his house. He got his gun, quickly loaded, and fired. The charge bursted the gun, blowing Mr. Scopes thumb nearly off, and the shooting-iron to atoms. It was a very narrow escape. The sufferer is still in a very critical condition, and is being attended by the Oddfellows' Lodge doctor and Dr. Morgan, of Mt. Victoria. Mr. Scope has only lately been married, and great sympathy is felt for the young couple. HE ROLLED BLUEY. — A party of men in Katoomba occupied a 'humpy,' and one of the party was not altogether pop ular with the 'general crew of the ship,' and the others resolved to 'have a lark ' with him, so last Saturday two of the number acted drunk. They went home seemingly merry and placed a lighted candle near the unfortunate's bunk, and then commenced target practice at the candle with blank cartridges. The occu- pier of the bunk felt rather frightened, and when they told him that the car- tridges had a few ounces of lead in them, he murmured that 'It was dangerous to be safe while batching with such a push,' and quickly packed up and went bluey. He sought fresh fields and pastures new, without saying good-bye. A NARROW ESCAPE. — Miss Kelly, residing with Mr. Hoffman at the Mines, narrowly escaped death by choking on Monday evening last. She was par- taking of hare when a bone slipped down her throat and becoming obstructed, pro duced violent symptoms of suffocation. Dr. Prangly was immediately summoned and fortunately being at home was promptly in attendance and with the aid of a pair of long throat forceps succeeded in removing the obstruction and the peril she was in. 