LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE OF TRINITY COLLEGE WOMEN'S HOSTEL. Tho ceremony of- laying the memorial stone of tlio hostel which is hoiug erected within ,tho grounds of Trinity College, and which will bo known as the Janet Clarke-buildings, was per formed on the 17th ult. by tho Countess of Hopetoun,*J iir' tire' ?]-rosoiico. -of '«— largo v and- influential gathering. ' 'The building will bo in tho Gothic stylo/of architecture,' 'three stories high, with an imposing clock -tower iii tho centro of tho struoturo, which will face to the Sydney-road, .ft will be built of briok, and will present when comploto '-'an 'elegant appearance. The cost of tho section -which is now being erected will bo' from .£6000^0 £6500, and Lady Clarke has goneroiisly donated; the handsome Bum of £5000,'.but the /completion of tho'build iny will, it.is;j.oxpeoted, nVcessitrtto an outlay of over £20,000. Sir Matthew Davies, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly,' lias given the sum of £2000 Upwards . an endowment fund for tho ?bonefitfbf the institution. Aniongst fchq. largo 'gathpj-iiig- which assembled were his Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetoun, tho Bishop ofjgkoibourne, Sir William, and Lady Clarke, , tbjfS'Doan of Melbourne, Sir Matthew and Lady Davies, Dr. Pearson (Minister of Public Instruc tion), the Chancellor, the ; Vico-Chniicellor, the. Rev. Canon Potter, the Rev. Dr. Bevan, &c.;' Provious to tho coromony a procession, partly ecclesiastical and partly academic, loft the col lego for the site of tho now building, ! where, a commodious ptatt'orm hud boon erected.., A short and appropriate sorvico. was rendered, tho musical portion being led by the choir of St. Mark's. The Warden (Dr. Leeper) read a brief account.: of tho history of* tho hostel, on behalf -of j;tlio'; ladies' council. Tlio institutipn.-froiir'tirat 'duy would take a place. ainorigst/'ithe ? ?enduring' edu cational institutions of the colony. Tho Anglican Church here' was the first to extend- to women, ;. who had so long suffered under unjust educa tional disabilities, tho helping hand. In the year 1883 tho authorities of tho oollogo decided to allow women students to attend the -lectures equally with men, and tho grayest ?-? misgivings had boon hold as to the wisdom of such a course. Bishop Moorhouso pvpn was amongst those who.; doubted, but lie was soon won over. Tho ex periment had been -tried with a- success that conciliated, opponents and provoked imitation.. It had therefore boon determined tuT establish a - hostel. A house was .routed in the neighbor-, hood of the college and opened as a hostel for women students of tho University. The idea was now in JMolbournOj-and the difficulties eh- ?' countered by tho promoters were formidable, and amongst them was that strange prejudice- against fomnlo culture which still existed in this liberal minded community. Tho lions in the path, how over, wore despatched ono by one. The men students at Trinity Collego raised a sufiioiont sum to defray the house rent and other expenses fora time. Lady Loch's name had been very inti mately connected with the movement, and she had always shown how deep was her desire for the advancement of women. Mr. Moles worth Greene also deserved honor, for he was tho first person- who1 offered help towards the. erection and cornplotion of j permanent buildings, .whilso Professor. Morris ~ had ? also rendered valuable support. Tlio outlook .was now more encouraging' 'than in : tho oarlier days of the movement,' owing to the generosity of Lady Clarke in giving the sum ol-^SOOO toiielp to defray; the cost of tlie.iiortidh'Nofc'tlreMids'tel-. now being erected,, and which -would-be kiiow'u as the Janet Clarke-buildings. (Applause. ) Sir Matthew H. Davies also claimed to. bo 'allowed a shard iii.-tlio work, and generously placed £2000 (it the lisposal . of tho, council, yp ' as to form tho nuoleus'of an endowment fund; ????' (Applause) A'wftrni acknowledgment was also , duo v to 'tlio ladies of .'tlie^council, who .had ? given their timo and energy -in promoting tile-: welfare of thoir follow .wofneiK^Tlio friends of ' tho hostel wore no'wfull of hope,, but thore wore ; obstacles still to bo surmounted, they bein'g still 'in debt. Melbourne' wasrrioli and also generous, and ho anticipated that the sum ; of : about £1500 owing on tho first oreotod portion ot tho building would soon bo '.-'raised. The. building would be opened during tho present year, and it was to bo hoped it would then, with its furniture, be free of dobt. 'Within tho last fow days the council had secured, tho sorvioes of a lady in every way suited to aot aa tho directress of the first Australian women's oollogo. Tho religious sorvico which formodji,. part of that day's ooremony must notbetakon as an indication that the hostel was intended to bo confined to tho use of Anglican students. That was not tho wish of either Lady piarko orof the govorningbody. IJothalike desired it to be tho homo of religion as well as of learning ; but it wad ' not proposed to shutout from its benofita anyono on ncoount of differences of religious belief,'- (Api)lause.) Tlio ordinary religious obsorvannds ' of tho hostel would be in accordance with tlio ritual of tho Church of England ; but such of tho students as objootod to tho simplo Anglican,, liturgy would bo allowed to avail them uulvos of a oonsoiouao clauso. At tho same Liirio, it was liopod that tho number of students availing thcmsolvcs of tho g)ai|sp would not bo large. The rcquit cutouts for physical -education had also boon itoon to, for on tho advice of Lady Olarko a gymnasium was to lie erected, oven at tho cost of a sacrifice in accoin modatiuu. (Applause. ) At the request of the warden, Lady Hopetoun thun It-kill the memorial stono. Sho said : — ' I -name, thoso buildings now in course- -of . urcctio/i ? tho Janet Clarko-buildings. I pray that true religion and iisof ul learning may hero for over flourish and abound, and I declare this stouu to bo well and truly laid, in tho iuvnio of tho Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Ainon. .:?.?'?? . ?'?'.--??'.?? ? Lord Ho]ietoun fhcir cloliyorod an addross, and shortly aftorwnrds tho proooodings tor-' initiated. ' '?''?.':??-' '' :- ': ';'.?' .-??'.;?'-'?? 