SOME GHOST STORIES. According tothe New York Sun number of questions on spiritism ar.d kindred subjects were recently submitted to certain prominent American citizens, with a request, that they would supply a short original ghost story. L'r. Allan M'Lane Hamilton sent the following story, for which he vouches :— CALLED AWAY. I will tell you a true ghost story, and one that sends a cold shiver through my frame whenever I think of it. When X was in Shanghai, China, in 1ST?., in company with Ling Look and Yamadeva (w.- were then travelling under the u.ime of ibe Royal Illusionists), one afternoon (Jhang, tii-> Chinese giant: Ling Look, Y:'m\dova, s- v.I ship captains, and I, drove "-it rn the Bubbling Weil road to the Tr<-vuyt-p, a sort of summer jrardi 11 about- lotn- ir.'des 'from the English quarter of Ssh-mgliiii,- at>il while there we all took part iu a ga -n: oi' tenpins. One of rho c-npt-aias, a '..ialy German, made a ereat inauy ten strskos by throwing the largest bali in the rack. rousad Yam-idova. and he also attempted to throw the Large M11, but in doing so fell lack and complained of a pain in the ri ;ht breast. We drove Mm back to the nilyauJ summoned an English physician, who pronounced it a ease of ruptured iim -lcs. and a- - sural us that the y oung man would be all r-.ght in a few d.: rs. Ou t'le fourth day after tbo a. cedent Yamadeva was apparently so much better that the doc-tor said it would Ik: perfectly for him to go with us to Kong Kong on the steamship Khiva, which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about i>,!;tnisfht on the first night out I was awah-e-.'.od by two piercing shrieks of "Kclhu - ! Ke!!ar!" These were the last words Yam i- deva. ever spoke, for wlien I reached his cabin hi." head was lying in Ling LookVar'ii" —he was dead. The ship's doctor said he had burst a blood vessel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented t) carry tho body to Hoag Kong, and the ship's carpenter made a rough colim, and the remains oi' our companion were deposited on t he bridge. On the evening of t he second day, at about f' o'clock, wliile the ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Ling Look, ilr. Gray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, ilrs. Gray, a clergyman and I were seated on deck in tlie aft, when suddenly there was a clear and distinct whistle—ti-ta-tati-tati—such as our company use-1 for the purpose of recognition. We all wore very much astonished, and more or less exaite<i. Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, " That is Yamadeva whistling," and answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti-ti ! This was immediately answered by the correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Ling Look now gave the first call, ti-ta-ti-tati-tati. This was immediately -answered by the invisible power with tiooti-ti. The crdls were repeated by Ling several times, and each time the correct reply came from tile air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, a3 every place was carefully searched. The ship's ofdeois at first made light oi the aflair, hut when the whistling was repeated, r.nd Ling Look would tell them beforehand vshat answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the captain said it was the nio.-t wonderful thing he had ever experienced in his life. Ling Look insisted on evening the coUin to see if Yamadeva was really dead, and when he viewed the body he said. " Tamadeva is calling me, and I must go with him." Poor Ling Look was taken sick in llcng Kong and died in the hospital there, ar.d we buried liita beside his brother Yamadeva. They are resting side by side in Happy Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Hong Kong. TEE FHAXT03I EOCTOE. Dr. Daniel Greealeaf Thompson, president ci' the Nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor:— I was spending ths summer at Newport, where I had gone to recuperate from the arduous duties of niy profession, when I met a girl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not. oiziy ignored my existence, hut that she was already engaged to another man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least ccol the ardour 01 my passion. From the first moment of our meeting I loved her as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived in the same boardinghouse—a pretty vino-oorered cottage overlooking the sc-a—wo ri'.rely met except at meal times. Emily and iicr bf. trothc-d, whose name U'S> James Jerome, usually wandered off by themselves during the daythne, leaving me a prey to a fierce, consuming jealousy ; and in the evening, while I sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my attention upon a hot)!;, I could hear the faint :nurmuv of their voices trcm a retired corner of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moontouchf.d oo-.tn. One night, however, something occurred tliat caused my Wool to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now. s »nd.s a thrill through my entire b<;ing. It happened in this way : I hud gone to bed impressed with that acute, mysterious sense ot coming evil which sometimes affects tho most phlegmatic persons. I recollect the intense sultriness -of the r_5r. the oppressive stillness, and the gen'le rhythmie swish oi the water against th? oliffij below. I do not know how soon I fell -.'.sleep, nor li-.'-w long I continued to sleep, but I was roughly awakened alter a time by a lor.d rup f;t my door. Springing out of bed, I drew the bolt and iconired what was wanted. To my utter astonishni'.nt Emily stood before me. her whit-:- w-.-appor barred with yellow iioonliglit that stresraivl through the shutter in the hall. Her hair, long and golden, was unbound ;i:id iioattd in .shining strands over her slio.-.ldc-rs t-'he appeared to be xrearly agitited. whilo as for me I was so ovcicorae b" the unnxr^cctcd sitrht of her th-."-"? that iVo-.-H foel nly ho '.rt be:tt :rrr.inst thi: panel of the door <ja which ! X«tined. In :.. I"'.-,- words she told me what was wronir. Her l^ver. Jerome, had brer; tiken violently ill. I w:;s a p:iysi--';a-.i, as she well know. Would I come at once and give my assistance':" t:he had l^e-n summoned by one of rl.e h )nse--!a;ds, and 5fri». Oibson. Emii'-'.s jr.c'bcr. a seini-in-.-.iiiA herself, was already j stanoned in the -ii-'k room. The instant I rei 0-s'aredlo-r. scymg L wor.ld corr.ei:;unediat"!v, : wilhflri'w, vanishing d wn the corridor, a n.'-n-ilhimina-od, irl;->--;:v n-.-ure. aud I hc.-i.-.l h-. r uf'eend the iioor ix-low. When, five minutes late?, 1 r^ach^-d Jerome's apartmc-rtt. I found hhu enfterinq- troui internal p i-.ii- u. sreat vt.-'ei-cOj the cause <»f which I w;i-' '.tiialio to (tetermin-''. He becamj quieter f.rtvr I li'.d ndn-inVtcred some morphine, and y.i^ont-y fell into a profound sleyp. Em-'y rc-.r.anmd in T he r- '»ni, and I w-t.-hed .Jerome : I saw th;:: she rpgaWl.Vl na>. ii.f.t-ntlv. sus- ; p:cir:us.":_v. I- cat :v> to the livrtrr. to'-hink I -n oV h-."-. of d:str:i.-r. v> her: but • the f'--t. of Szi&iu-i; ir.?sclr' conmara- : tively aim:, with her r.t th»t silaat-'hour ! of _ t!:e_ night intoxicated roe vrith joy. j Vv r h t. I retmnc-d to -r-.y room wv pulse u-as ! bounding with excif-nent. For i-oinc time I : ;: -LOOUT, uut.ble to V, r h>.r. at last. ; crii d ai-.-.d and c.v.-oh'c. 'joo'ii-'"'! ' :»:.t tit find ! mys'.-'f in bed at all. f-.ur. shiv.-ring in ; the I: -i";'; -Irti iot-: v;-,l .-Int. iu one 1 l-an-.l. a-H the 0-0L gr.-y mo-ni-- -reMv:,:: though the window. For a brief space, I was. dazed, ft-anned, horriMed bev.aid niea- jjt.:- I ih-eam?d a. -ciansc :;nd honib ; e drc.im. I heavd Emily's voieo call me by name j audsiitumonmsio .Tcroiae*-- chamber. * I rose and dressed, and iv-inr dov,-; tho i:re::!rin!_-sfaiT'!! I to his door, which Iop:-imd. Tie wa<lvin^-in | bed, an-11 myself w.itched i-esij-- hitu. No one ! elsi; '.vx 5 th'-re. Oh, how I hated him :„„i how ] I loved Emily! How I loathed hi-- v,rv . i-ircso-ivl A f.fr.di-h impulse --:..me cc.,-r 1:". • I" i^m—. 11 jrr.pnl-o ^tt mom -nrariK- I ; \- • of poison ' r:v u v..-;^ ; blanched fa.,- I r>,-e \-- ,n his rP!.,,,. i i ! 1 de:"dlydv^^d.' " ' : " a A h ole ..t v.n-:'.*eraM.-. horror came ::it« the sic-: :.i-i!i's r.-j;'.!—u 1-j-jic I ,-li-il! nevc-r ivvga. i.u: .'eavtni cin.-v:ihi.-..n- scire: tsim. lie writlicij1 in agony. :-;i<l a mornent. lay i-tl 1 ! ! ! : sure. How came I he:-e't Gradualiv I recalled the sttmiccns in the nis-ht. Tlie incidents, cine l y one, came back to me. I remembered i had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream imshcct upon my memory. I knew that I had deliberately inai'dored James ,T"n>me—murdered him liecnnse I wanted the woman he loved, and whose ailection he had won, for myself. I had i killed him wantonly, diabolic.allv. Drops ' of sweat i>reke out upon rue as this awful tuith be- -ime r-lear to my mind. I shrieked ,'ihmd and n>ade :: wild dash down the stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking day fell directly acrosd his 1 notion lev- rigure. I advanced with a halting, st iggeiiiig gait, aud peeved into his face. U was ashen. My eyes glared in horrible apprehension as 1 placed one hand i:pon hi.s lorehead. The touch chilled me from -mad tu foot like ice. He was dead, iiiiiui.-taka!-ly dead. Then I fied from the 100m, rnd lor a time knew no more. I will pnss over the hours of desperate ,-igony that followed. Suffice it to say that., although 1 fed perfectly irresponsible for Jercni -'s death, I yet knew instinctively that I had murdered him. The empty vial,' inv unaeconutao'e presence in the hall, undream, nil poin.-c-d to a shocking aud loathsome rea'dt}'. I knew that on my soul rested the border- of this horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in the tragedy. The trouble and the exeitemcnt incident to the calamity that had occurred in the hou=e canned Emily to be utterly prostrated. I h-'d not s. en her sine- that fatal morning vh'i I awoke to fo-.d mys-lf branded as a mnrdcrcr. Like a criminal I hid in :ny room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, do-pair. Ti<en I remember, I lie.ird that shs-, too, wits ill, and that my pr-.fessiena: services \v re required a second time. The misery tlitit took possession of mu knew no bound-. 1 was in mortal teiroc now as to wh»t I should do. I shrink from the po-sibhj pi'th into which ray other seK—that hideous phantom of mvs'.if—might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse tliis summons. Mere dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I prescribed some remedy, iust as I had done for Jerome. Ail the time lny heart went out to the poor s-triicring girl whose anguish I had caused. I loved her more than ever. I rushed away, and once more sought forgetfulness in sleep, ami once more I dreamed. I saw myself steal on tiptoe along the du-ky corridor, starting back affrighted when I thought to hear a sudden foots! pt> ; t'oen emerging boldly from the rooovlur!!-. to the deep gloom of the staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the open doorway I saw the interior, reddened by the lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, sat by the sleeping girl, holding one of her bands in mice. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim, ily breath came in toic.k gasps as I saw mvself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Emily in bed and gave her the medicine. She began to struggle violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vyce and forced the liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sickening compression aboat my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself halfdressed on the stairs with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time 1 had been guilty of murder, and the woman I adored had been my victim. I knew that she had died by my hand. So it afterward proved. She was dead; poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on the floor. The clear day was advanced. The fresh salt air blew upon my fevered temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid the.itransparent green of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own sonl. I was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity. My spirit appeared to he slipping from my body as a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. I heard myself appeal to God for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy chill came over me. I realised the fact that dissolution was imminent. My eyes were as stone—sightless. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek—such a shriek as might have come straight from the innermost depth of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone in my own room—not in Newport, but in New York. I -was not the phautjm doctor at all, hut myself, and, with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught bat dreams within dreams —visions wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. rtAYrsG with a conrsE. ?Ir. Alexander Wilder ventured the following :— Among the most brilliant of the students ?.r. Dublin University some years ago was Waltc-r Tiernay. To a general adaptability to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the family and the envy of his fellowstudents. In coarse of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive to: imination which followed won an appointment as assistant snrseon at. one of the smaller Dublin hospitals. Ee filled this position with much success, his one fault beimr an insatiable thirst for scienliiic investigation, which led to a prouentss t<r operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among tho doctors of a hospital staff, and Ti.-rnay exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did. tne maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : •• When in doubt, alwavs oDerate.'' One evening, some months after Tiernay had been n-sirmed to liis post at the hospital, ii number of friends — his former fellow students at toe university—were gathered in his -rjis. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiemiw- to their "heart's content. And what de you think was the subject of their chilli Just, this : Tlie death of a woman under the knil'e, with Tiernay as the surgical <-'•-:rator ! Ah. my friends, hospital practice K'mf? the feelings and makes men pretty caliou* ! The. hospital surgeon comes to regard htimar. flesh as simply so much liir-m-.- v.z and jibre; human bone is simply so much e-c-e-ius tissue. The oh-:uTi-tar.ccs in the case referred toby Tiernay's friends were about as follow t—A womr.n in jo advan-ed state of illness had been admitted to the hospital. There were certrin coTnv- io-.'tii.ns in her ease which rend- crd it a most, interesting one from ! a mod;. :il standpoint. When the climax eamo ir, evident rhat she could not survive, and. well—to put it bluntly—it was eliarsred that, in the interest of certain spi—trio dr.*-.. Tiernay had performed a '-t ci.s of autopsy while the patient was still aiive. The a-s: i.-il>ie.l conipauy listened v.-ith irreat in'er-s: .0 the medical points glcaned frrn tld- -ration and tiiei^, their :'!!-::.lag hail -;un. i'ia- T'oor dead patient was- akem.-.tv.'y r-_f-.-nv-d to in the moss -..) -i:-:... ve.:: ..s •• the v:c;iin " imd ''the n.ariyr.'' '."ii-may, of c-iii:.-e, denied the imputati- :: c:.-~ oat. but nobody seemed to care much abont. tio-sc- denials oue way or the other. Tit cd o.t 1 *0: r-h.ifihig Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the subject of nerve p. w- r. Out of thi.-: conversation grew a cur:..-.:-- halleuge. One of the party oii'ered to wager Xc::r.ay a supper at the Garter that he would n-.-.i dure go into the morgue in the basement-in the hospital, where the body of the poor •• victim"' hiy, and sit for one hour beside the ce ipse. Jiisr as the olook struck ll> he was to ris;, stand over the corpse, and c repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, " Icommard you to arise !" Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. Ho repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet,, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At hist the sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight, hour. Tiernay lose from his chair, and, true to tho conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. •' I command vou tc- arise ! " What was that:- Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense! Was he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves r 1 Once more his voice raiisr out, louder than befi re: " I command yen arise! " Honor up en horror! There could he no doubt of It -"ime. The corpse had plainly stirred. With hlanched face he tore tach the sheet. No, nr.—it could not have been 1 " I eoviiiitF.nd y on to arise 1" As the words rang through the natrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distc-ndi-a, the long black hair falun<i in matted streams about the ghostly face! With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to eu-r-ircle liim who had summoned " the victim" t ack to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friends burst in the room, they found him babbling and chucV.li'.iL" at the feet of the corpse. His rea-,m was gone : he was an idiot. Had the poor " victim" claimed her revenge K: i -he been momentarily irifred with the power to confront her scientific murderer: No; there was no such sensational retribution a- this ! After ail, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victiw oi a practical joke, terrible in its results. His gu._--:s had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with tho corpse, and had thus at n critical moment galvanised it into life. O wing to severe study, Tiemay's nerves were unstrung, and tho awful results described followed. 