ECHOES AN& RE-ECHOES. WHIFFS. [By Paddy Melon.] , f. ,-jIi it be lawful in these days to speak a word rinjfciyenr of that much abused plant ,tqljaoco, L etjme|a{ttempt the dangerous undertaking now. ()nIjsuppose that the habit of smoking;is as ;^iupdly; abused, and as unreasonably, as daijbipg is. There maybe a reason for this , jjhifignot always apparent. The vast majority iip.fhe rampant opponents to the grateful weed cphjd not adventure upon a modest half-pipeful ere . Nemesis overtook them, and attended to .'their needs. The enemies to dancing are frequently as incapable of taking part in that pleasing and harmless pastime as a toy horse. Grape and activity have no affinity with bunions and bile as a general thing. Let'us project ourselves [mentally backward into the days of our early youth, and let Memory tell us. what were our earliest and most obtrusive ambitions. I think in nine cases out of ten our desires were to grow [up to be great men and successful bushrangers, and to be able to smoke with the balm serenity born of conscious power—"just like father does." These were the aims of my companions and myself, I know; and I recollect well how an eager knot of juveniles would gather about, some eloquent companion as he painted in glowing terms the almost unbearable ecstasy it would be to be able' to " take 'n sit down longside father, - and pull out your pipe 'n fill him, 'n light him—my word!" Father himself usually^fans the seoret flame by exhibiting an air of measureless content as he lies back in his comfortable chair at eventide and puffs in satisfying volume the pearly fra grant clouds from out the judiciously loaded, carefully treasured pipe. ' It is long odds that father will seize this espeoial time as peculiarly appropriate to read the. youthful hungering disciple a lesson upon the evils appertaining to the so evidently fascinating indulgence: an other of the mysteries of our. complex nature! As the boy grows older many of his tastes change. He will eschew marbles and will carry a. pocket-handkerchief. When going upon a message he will actually choose the footpath to walk on in preference to the hitherto de sirable and surcharged watertable. He will occasionally, unsolicited, allow of the knees of his pants being overhauled for repairs. Some times, even, his once darling wish to achieve success as a bushranger will dwarf and wither unto dissolution — not always this latter, though ; in some cases the desire is merely diverted into another channel. Then he takes up the profession of the Law; but the deep and abiding love for the pipe of his fore fathers still fills his breast and guides his actions—in a measure. It is not without sorrow and tribulation that the delightful power of smoking with comfort is attained. There are moments of harrowing experience to be suffered in silence, if the ample and effeotive palm of the irate—but illogical— parent is to be averted from tbe already sorely tried sufferer. There are moments when we wonder is life worth the living, and in feeble indignation respond in the negative. The once cherished pipe is bestowed upon the first chum who is foolhardy enough to bo blind to the object lesson before him—and is demanded back the next day. I would recommend no man to take up the habit of smoking—far from, it; it has its incon veniences and drawbacks, I am aware. Neither would I advise any man to wear boots; by neglecting to do so he will probably avoid the misery ;of corns. We ought not to gamble in shares, or to sell a horse on the best, or wear claw-hammer coats, or lie, or steal umbrellas on the irrational pretext of borrow ing, but we do—some of us. Many—I think most—of those whose mission is to preach a tirade against the use of tobacco are thu most obviously unfitted to judge upon the merits or demerits of the case. They have wrought out their arguments when seated within a com fortable room in easy cushioned chair, and easy slippered feet, and surrounded by all the advantages of civilization. But it is not by such as these that we smokers are to be judged. Ask the sweating miner as he takes a well-earned spell from his hard and wearing toil in the gloomy depths wherein are spent his hours of labour. Ask the benumbed and weary sailor as he stumbles below after a fierce battle with the .straining topsails amid a blinding, enduring charge of wind, bail, and spray. Ask tbe bushman at he tosses his swag beside the welcome, waterhole. Adam Lindsay Gordon, the English-bred, Australian-inspired poet, tells us somewhat of his thoughts con cerning tobacco in these lines— " 'Twns merry in the Iglowing morn, among the gleaming gross, To wander as we're wandered many a mile. And blow the cool tobacco cloud, and watch tbe white wreaths pass, Silting loosely in tbe saddle all the while." Now for a few draws and to bed. If Shakspeare could only get a week's holi day from his present occupation he would be much astonished not only at the high estima tion in which his plays and his name are held by the reading public, but at the indifference of the public when those Bame plays are per formed, even by a talented actor, especially in Adelaide. A Shakspeare Society exists in Adelaide, but I think I should not be far wrong if I said that some of them might be found by night at the S. A.S.S.U. Festival in the Jubilee Exhibition building, and others at home reading a novel or perhaps leisurely criticising the dramatic notices of the Shak sjiearian performances they did not go to see. It has struck me that if a little variation were introduced into the representations at tbe Theatre Boyal they might create a certain interest in what is going on. Supposing that in Macbeth, for instance, the various per formers quoted the bard after each striking sentence thus:— . Macbeth—" If it were done, when 'tis done, then . 'twere well It were done quickly." (Aside)—Shakspeare. Lady Macbeth.—" was the hope drunk . Wherein yon dressed yourself ? bath it slept since ?" (Arfdc>--Shakspeare. ... IPtfcA—" By the pricking of my thumbs something wicked this way comes." (Aside)—Shakspeare. Macbeth—" Time, thou anticlpatest my dread , ..exploits; The flighty purpose never is o'ertook." (Aside)—A bit ungrammatical, but Shakspearel , Macduff—"That way tbe noise is: Tyrant Bhow thvface!" (Aside)—Shakspeare. Macbeth—" Oi all men else I have avoided thee." (A eidej—Shakspeare 1 ' Waiiuf—"Henyieiathee. towarf, AnU llVa'to be the Vhbw and gaze o' tbe time. '' I irfy. wS-Uke^SSd V?ay^on, Macduff; And condemned1 'be that "hesitating individual who first Intimates fnunihtetokable terms that be baa had enough." Cd«yie}-Kalyptna. They fight to a finish, and two Adelaide Cor poration Special Inspectors draw tip a report for Mayor, Cohen and the City Conned, to' the effect that the fight was' degrading as an exhi bition, hut that the combatants appeared to take good care not to hurt one another. There is a simplicity about the following paragraph, contributed to the British Borneo Herald by Mr. Sketchlcy, which reoommends itself.. He says:—"We had a temporary sulap sixteen miles out from Tinkyo at a height of 1,000 feet, which we called Hahtu from a very bad ghost which infested it, Borneo is full of ghosts, and they are a great nuisance. The only island in the Eastern Archipelago one can live peaceable in is Batchnan. It has no ghosts, not a spook 'or a boggart, can live on it. The English Government should annex it." There is a deal of dry humour;about that last para graph ; but the question is whether Batchnan would be such a calm Paradise of a place if England did annex it. Before long some one would begin to get tired-of the monotony and want to establish a Corporation, or a House of Assembly, or a Salvation Army Band and procession, or a Democratic Club; brass bands and organ-grinders would graduate towards Batchnan, a strike would come to be organized "just to show there wasnt any animosity," some maniac would- fix- up a Building Society for the Secretary to bolt with the cash; cats and rabbits would be introduced, and things would become lively. A theatrical paper of October 25 has the following:—"A slight contretemps occurred at the Princess Theatre, Dunediu, on the first, night of the Toole season, during the perform ance of ' Chawles' that afforded a considerable amount of amusement to the house, while it must have been somewhat embarrasing to Mr. Toole. It was in the third act of the comedy that it happened, when Chawles appears in the most extravagant of livery, in scarlet and blue and gold, with heavy frockcoat, knee breeches, and stockings. At that stage of the play when the old butler was being informed that the will under which he inherited his master's property had been upset, and that he would be reduced from the condition of affluence that he had been enjoying, it was noticed that the poTtion of Mr. Toole's knee breeches on one leg that was tucked up about the knee was dropping towards his shoes. In front of the stage the mishap was speedily noticed, and what was at first a mere ripple of laughter developed into a general roar as Mr. Toole, perceiving what was happening, endea voured ineffectually by closing his legs to check the downward movement. The laughter was prolonged for nearly a minute before the actors could again make themselves heard, and the cue being Mr. Toole's he passed the mishap off with singular .adroitness by the apposite remark, *It*is a come down,' which was applicable both to the position of Chawles in being deposed from high estate and to his own predicament at that moment. The point was immediately ac knowledged by the audienoewith a warmround of applauBe, combined with renewed laughter, and was aooentuated by the reply, ' Yes, you have had a fall' from the mouth of the rightful heir to the property which Chawles had tem porarily possessed." This is another example of the " cuteness" of old Toole. I saw him do the very same thing with'the very same old gag here in Adelaide, and regarded it as a neat piece of stage business. The dramatic man who wrote the above glowing " par" must have been very verdant. 