OUR PARIS LETTER, From Oun Correspondent. PARIS, 31st MAT. - Tho two best gonorals in Russia are said to bo the monthB of January nnd February; in Dahomey tlio militniy magnates arc wet, heat and malaria, and this triple nllianco being at presont in campaign on the Slave Const will explain why order reigns from Whydalo to Abomoy. Not so satisfactory is tlio condition of affairs throughout Senegal and in-Southorn Algeria swooping round to Western Soudan. There is a racial and religious fermentation, according to tho serious journals, among ,the populations that requires Borious examina tion and prompt remedies. Franco is no more beloved by Orientals than any other Western nation, and her eastern oon- quests, won by tlie sword, must bo kept by the sword. Whothor the master bo English, Gor man, Littlo Portuguese or Freuch, tlie moment tlio. vanquished feel they are fit to wrestle, or that an auspicious moment has arrived, action follows conviction. France has several cardinal delects in the management of her foreign posses sions; -the- chief among those, and that, one Would -.bo least prepared to find, is to. under estimate tho forces requisite for their defence. She seems to float between a- hazy belief that her national temperament will charm the sub jected, like Russian insouciance, and a desire to rulo on the cheap. Hence, periodi cal." revolts : and corresponding repression. In Africa she lias orthodox and diffident Jlahometanism to count . with, the latter the moro dangerous, because tho dircoting El Senoussians aro boyond her grasp and have tho Sahara for-line of retreat. France wants a colo nial army. Jlinister do Freycinet admits that, and is prepared to organise it to-morrow if he bo provided with tho nnutinl grant of 10,000,000 f. At every stop Franco turns sho is met with the question of finance. In tho race of army expen diture. with Germany she is handicapped by somo 30 per ceut of weightier outlay, soldier for soldier. If the aim of President .Carnot in trotting oyer France be to show to the world by the manner he is everywhere received— warmly, rospeotfully.and siucerly — that the nation lias made up its mind to "have- and to' hold" the present constitution, be has arrived at. tho Q. E. D. stage of the problem. As in his voyage to tho South of Franco, so in his concluded trip to the east, liis progress was nn ovation and a triumph. "Grand king cease to conquer, or I coase, to .write," '.was tho flattering appeal of Boileau to Louis .XIV. Only Franco . has no official poet, a similar strain, might be ground and Berved piping hot to JI. Carnot. His travels are a veritable barometer of the political times and seasons; "flue, aud set fair," are tlio readings indicated by his last trip. The Conservative heart of Francois in the provinces, and the .evidence , is. conclusive that tlie bitter ness of "party strife is passing li way; tlio belief is growing tliat we oun eat, drink aud be. merry under a Republic, us well as under other forms of constitution. The clergy are certainly coming round to perceive tliat if they throw politics aside they can just as well feather their nests under a de Freycinet, as under a Rouber or a do Broglio Jlinistry. . Later they, will find out that to let the Republic alone is tho surest way to eiiBure the Ropublie letting tliom alone." Tlio peculiarity about French monarchists, who like to be dubbed '.'Tories" — Conservative is a trifle too liberal — is that, they never change. They keep mapping out the Atlantic with Jlrs. Partington's .safoty machine, generation after generation; they whirl . one way whilo tho nation . whirls another— the onward. Anglo-Saxon Tories, when they Bee tho moment lias come to givo up tho political ghost, do so like men, and having put their hand to the plough hover. look. baok. Tlio Freuch clergy commence to see this difference ; further insight will lead them to separate from the Old Guard. Since tlio shepherd kings of Egypt, the sitting still programme for States is out of fashion. It is by discarding that old property that England has become, groat, glorious and free,, with all due respect to J.. J. Rousseau, who attributes, her prosperity . and greatness to the absence of— wolves. " Some of the French possessions ran like, spikes into . British . territory. . In India, there are Poudichcrry and Chaudarnagore ; tlie Gambia and Sierra Leone are heinmod in, but Newfoiind- lnnd is the worst:. situated of all... The Frenoh journals,' to their' credit abstain from nil blistering comments on the cod and lobster deadlock at . Newfoundland; and would be . rejoiced nt a,: znodus -viyendi being dis covered. The Frenoh academies that have such vast sums of money, tho. interest on lega cies, to annually distribute as rewards for prize essays might, take., ud the .matter... .? Clearly it cannot bo in the, interests of either country, to prolong tliat irritating and ohronic anomaly. It is not amour proprc so much as truly tangible interests that rivots France to tho banks, to hook cods and can lobsters. To give France a dual card again in Egypt is impossible. The Australians will object to a bartering of the New Hebrides ; there is Gambia, Sierra Leone and Lugot only to speculate witli. M. JVaddingtou is a busi ness man, and tliat is tlie secret of his success as amuassauor io nc. names s. . Del Dora iaalisbuiy invite him to Hatfield House, while' Chief Sec retary Balfour is playing golf, and arrange the terms across the walnuts and wine. Tlie trial of tho four directors of the Copper Society and of tho old Comptoir d' .Escoinpte has terminated. JI. Joubert has been acquitted. Indeed, his role was of the liteboat character. Tho ringleader was JI. Secretan. He was the Samson that pulled down botli establishments and covered France with further financial ruins. He has been condemned, to six- months' imprisonment and a fine of 1.0,000 f. Ho is liable to tho victimised shareholders for damages, , but as he has given all his property over to tlie liquidator there is no moro to be squeezed out of him, nor is he ever likely to make millions again. JL Laveissiiro. is sentenced to three months' imprisonment and 3000 f.. fine, and M. Heutsch.to n fine of 3000. f.— plus tho loss of thoir fortunes. The judging is important as warning the.prinees.of ..fiiinneos that justice, if slow, will track their misdeeds. " The trial is a bad augur for the directors of the Panama Canal Company. The shareholders now recognise that every farthing they invested in tho scheme is irretrievably lost ; and ns they do. not intend being caught n second time, the' formation of any new company — tliat no ono believes in— is to thorn a mntter of indifference. Hence why they have pctitioucd the Jliuister of Justice to institute a criminal prosecution against tlie ex-directors,- making them respon sible for one . milliard francs— don't they wish they may got them— being two-thirds of the subscribed capital. Tliey also request that tho liquidator be ordered to publish a full state ment of tho expenditure. That would be only a collection of "human documents." It wns generally accepted, in Franco that Nihilism-nnd its-machinery was an artiole purely of Russian home manufacture. Judge then of tlie astonishment of the Parisians to discover that they were entertaining unawares the head centre of Nihilism within their walls, or rather tho advanced section of that extremely advanced ism, who claim to be callod "Terrorists." Tho force of fee, faw fumism can no longer go. Last week, a Pole, nnmed BloszynskI, shot a married womnn with whom ho had a laison some yenrs ago. Tho orime, being so common, created no special notice,- save tbat there was a something mysterious about tlie assassination. Tho nmrdorer remained -in: r the room nil- night with the., corpse,- . and in , trie morning left the hotel. He . liad not proceeded far down tho -street when a lino and ory was raised after him,- nnd two policemen arrested him. Ho begged tlint they would not fatigue him by speaking, as ho had a bullet in his oar. At tliis they smiled ; but it. now turns out to 'ho a fact, as the prisoner is in the hospital, and his brain is inflamed. Tho womnn, his viotim, wns a Polo too, and till her shame was discovered simultaneously with her death hnd been considered a model mother and a dovoted wife. Tliey appear to have been Nihilists, as papers discovered on Bleszynski havo led to the arrest of 15 " Terrorists," all Russians, somo living in a luxuriant position, others in abject misery — tho antipodean types of Russian society. The arrested are all highly edu cated, and have been studying law, medicine, chemistry and literature. Some too, are married : wives nnd single ladies nre implicated. There is one young lady, aged 25, who has passed tho most brilliant examina tions in chemistry. Her lodging was a miser able garret, destitute ot furniture ; sho sat and slept on tho bare floor, but her trunk-contained 15 bombs, charged with dynamite, and a col lection of pamphlots and proclamations of tho truo Nihilist nitro-glycerine type, Similar terrible penates were found in the apartments of. the other prisoners, besides revolvers, dag gers and timilar life preservers— or 'slayers. Tho compromising doaumonts aro very compromis ing. Tho Frenoh hnvo muoli respoot for Russia, but would from their hearts have been . glad to be spared the dealing with this conspiracy, which will force France to at once count with the Czar and the publio opinion of the world. Tho trinl of tho murderer Eyraud, and of his accomplice and mistress, Gabrielle Bompard will be of wide-world interest. Of his guilt there is no question, and for his certain fate on pity. But Bompard has been taken up by the hypnotisers, and her counsel, Maitre Robert, will demand her acquittal, on the ground that her malady — nérvose — releases her from all moral responsibility, as sho had no consciousness of her crime, having noted, not under tlie ordinary term of influence, but through tho ' "sugges tions " of Eyraud, to inveigle tho victim, Gouffc, tho dandy bailiff and her admirer, to walk into her parlor, when' she helped to strangle him, to place the remains in -a trunk .prepared - beforehand, ' nod then transported them into tlie neighborhood of Lyons,' where they were shot into si public, dast pit. Dr. Bernhoim, of Nancy, and other burn ing and shining lights, who hold that nerves aro superior to morality, and that crime is this out- come of organiedofeot, ' will demand thntBompaid bo hypnotised and her .pqweriesshess to resist suggested temptation to do evil' demonstrated. Benjamin 'Constant hinted that with the'.pro- gress of science morality also underwent evolu tions. "We must get up our Charcot and Bronardel. JL JuIos' Simon regrets tho condition of tho French press. Fifty years ago, he states, a journal existed to represent ideas and reforms. Their offices were the head- centres of political friends, where Nestors vera barkened to, chiefs obeyed and solidarity prac tised. There was no association of press men, but an unpublished code, whose decisions were as prompt as they were infallible. The establish ment of .the halfpenny paper has revolution ised all this ; journals are no longer taken- by subscription ; they are purchased by single copy.Instead of a thousand readers, as then, of newspapers there are now millions— not a dis advantage certainly. . Tho public to-day de- clines to read or to discuss doctrines ; proof of its good sense if the doctrines be unsound. The French press, following Senator Simon, has submitted to three despotisms, all equally demoralising that of power; under the em pires— Napoleon I. only tolerated one news- paper; of Demagogues under the Revolutions, and of France as at present.' Each day witnesses the appearance (and dis appearance, let it be added-: of 10 journals and 100 journalists to launch and drum up a commercial enterprise. M. Simon, ill the "despotism of finance,'.' does not intend to help the anti-Semitic M Drumont, ' but the despotism he means is that of the Jews. This is strange, as in the senator's family a" very large number of Israelites can bo counted. Perhaps they are of the tribe— the lost ones— in whom there is no guile, Blanoho of Cnstille, niece of King. John of England, and wife of Louis Yin., of France, was the only Frenoh queen that nursed her own children, four sons, of. whom the eldest was Louis IX., the Saint. Royal nurses were selected according toatraditionalformuln. Itmayinterest society mothers, who liavo - no time for nursery matters. A royal nurse was required to be 22 nnd hot over 30 years of ago ; to linve been con fined sinco throe months ; to possess a sanguine temperament, black or brown hair to be of » strong and robust constitution, stout, bave'a good appetite, and in . no way capricious ns to lier. eating and drinking ; she was to be gay, always in good humor, ready with a joke ; sho was to havo no bodily defect, to have no bad teeth, skin white and clear ; she was- to be handsome and prepossessing in manners ; to be neither humpbacked nor lame-legged, to be free from a provincial accent, and tho "fountains of maternity " were to be - next to a wizard's in exhaustible bottle. Said Figaro to the Comta Almaviva, "Does your Excellency know many masters worthy to be valets from the posses sion of virtues tlioy exact in thoir doraestios !" 