Dramatic Festivities. THE AUSTRALASIAN DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL ASSOCIATION. The annual gathering of the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association was held in the Freemason's Hall, Collins-street, Melbourne, last Wednesday after- noon, when a large number of ladies and gentlemen were present. On the arrival of the Hon. George Coppin, M.L.C., and. Mr. J. L. Toole, the company en- tered upon the principal business of the afternoon— luncheon, which engrossed considerable attention until the recognised time for speechmaking came. The arrangement, of the banquet consisted of three long tables running the length of the hall, with a raised table at the end, placed crosswise to the 'others. In the centre of this latter sat Mr. J.L. Toole in the chair, with Dr. Neild on his left hand and Mrs. Robert Brough on his right. To the left of Dr. Neild sat Miss Irene Vanbrugh. In this assemblage were also Mr. and Mrs. James Smith. The vice-chair was placed at the end of the centre table in the body of the hall, so that from below the genial face of Mr. George Coppin looked directly up at the merry eyes of the distinguished English comedian. Grouped round Mr. Coppin were Mr. George Titheradge, Mr. George Gordon, Mr. George Darrell, who with himself formed what Mr. Grattan Riggs humourously designated as " the four Georges." Mr. Arthur Garner supported Mr. Coppin on his right. Madame Lucy Chambers, the only member of the musical profession present, was seated at the first table, with Mr. Herbert Flemming and Mr. Percy Lyndal on either side, and facing Mr. G.W. Anson and Mr. Frank Thornton. The remainder of the guests were:—Mr. Alfred Dampier, Mrs. Dampier, Miss Lily Dampier, Miss Rose Dampier, Mrs. Anna Boulter, Mrs. George Gordon, Miss Polly Gordon, Mr. Robert Brough, Mr. Cecil Forrester, Mr. Pavey, the Misses Coppin, Mr. Richard Stewart, senior, Miss Neild, Miss Carry Neild,1 the Honorable L. L. Smith, M.L.A., Mr. Alex. Mayne, Mr. Grattan Riggs, Captain de Burgh, Mr. Philip Green- wood, Mr. James MacMahon, Mr. Charles MacMahon, Miss Eliza Johnstone, Mr. John Billington, Herr Kruger, Mr. Cooper, Miss Romer, Mr. and Mrs. Baylee, Mr. Knipe, Mr. and Mrs. Moubray. After a very liberally supplied menu had received every attention, Mr. J. L. Toole proposed the toast of "Her Majesty the Queen," and in doing so alluded to the liberal manner in which Her Majesty had supported the kindred association in England, and on the honour- ing of this toast, Mr. J. L. Toole proposed " The Austra- lasian Dramatic and Musical Association." Although rather confused about the actual details of the fund of the association he understood that Mr. George Coppin had taken it in hand, and he felt sure, like everything else that that gentleman undertook, it would be a great success. He himself wished with the permission of the secretary to become'a life governor. There was an old story of an actor named Harley, who once, when travelling about, had so fascinated an old gentleman that it eventuated in his leav- ing Harley a house, a cellar of wine, and other riches. For many years past he had been trying to find an old gentleman to fascinate. He might say when he did find the old man he would get him to leave his wealth, not to J. L. Toole, but to the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association. The Honourable George Coppin, M.L.C., in respond- ing to the toast, expressed his sense of pleasure at being privileged to respond. Their distinguished visitor, Mr. J. L, Toole, who held the highest position as a comedian, and therefore lent an additional brilliancy to the gathering of 1890. But they had also another comedian present, who, since 1843, had occupied, a prominent position as actor and manager, and might fairly pose as the representative of dramatic art in the new country, as Mr. Toole was the representative of dramatic art in the old. His name was George Coppin. When their friends became familiar, the names were abbreviated to Johnnie and Geordie, who now met under a Masonic roof, and the hands across the sea had become hands across the table. Several attempts had been made to form an institution to benefit the poor and distressed members of the profession in the colonies, but none successful until the present one, and that would never have lived if it had not been for the rule providing for the formation and maintenance of a permanent fund. All payments went to this fund, and only the interest of it could be used. With the assistance of Mr. L. L. Smith an act of Par- liament was passed to prevent any attempts to touch the fund, which now amounted to £4,000 and brought in £400 a year. The advantages that accrued to members of the Association were manifest. By the payment of a guinea a year they received free medical advice and medicine, and an allowance if necessary. Besides that, in old age they had a cottage and 14s. a week if in want. Notwithstanding this, however, the Society had been dormant for some time. Since 1884 only two life governors had been enrolled, viz., Mr. Garner and Mr. Musgrove. As the Associa- tion also endeavoured to relieve a number of theatri- cal visitors to these colonies, who had been disap- pointed here, it was his sincere wish that the institu- tion should prosper. Dr. Neild proposed the toast of The Drama. He said he was glad to see that the company present included ladies, for he always thought that gatherings such as the present lacked of their completeness when the feminine element was absent. Concerning the drama, it was such a large subject that if he were to deal with it, even moderately at length, he would have to go to such an extent that his address would be like a Japanese play, which lasted over a fortnight. Nobody could quite say when the drama began, but it certainly reached so far back into the past, as to entitle it to be regarded as prehistoric. Of the Australian drama generally, he knew something from hearsay, and from written records ; but of the Victorian drama he had an experience of nearly thirty seven years, and the very first name he knew in con- nection with it was that of his friend, George Coppin. Almost as soon as he arrived in the colony, he saw George Coppin's name on the walls, and he said to himself " Who is George Coppin ?" He learnt then, and he had known in many ways since that George Coppin was really the founder of the drama in Victoria. It was he who in 1855, brought hither from the old country that greatest of great actors, Gustavus Vaughan Brooke, who, in this part of the world, reached to the very highest point of his wonderful success. Brooke was admired as a great actor, and loved as the most, lovable of men, and when the news came of his death by the foundering of the London steamer in 1866, the whole colony wept as for the loss of a dear kinsman. To him followed a long list of notable actors, to wit, William Hoskins, a true gentleman and a grand Shakspearian student ; Barry Sullivan, a diligent in- terpreter of the poetic drama, and a perfect theatrical manager ; Charles Kean with his admirable wife ; Walter Montgomery, the most perfect Hamlet ever known ; James Anderson, a grand representative of the old school ; Joseph Jefferson, incomparable in his own line ; Madame Celeste, unapproachable in her department; Edwin Adams, dying though he was, exquisite in a certain discerning finish of effect William Creswick, faultless in his own way; poor Fred Marshall, a genius if ever there was one; Charles Matthews, first master of high comedy ; Ristori, grandest of all tragediennes ; Alfred Dampier, unequalled as an all-round man, and still happily with us ; Alice Dunning Lingard, loveliest and most gifted of all charming women ; Mrs. Scott- Siddons, a very dream of beauty in miniature ; the Williamsons, who introduced to us a new era in acting ; Mr. Boucicault (pere), who interested us in that hi showed us the original of the many characters he him- self had invented ! George Rignold, a fine, manly ex- ponent of many fine, manly characters ; Bland Holt, an excellent representative of the "cha- racter " creations of modern melodrama. All these were but instances taken out of a long list of names of great actors who had come hither from the old land to knit more firmly the bonds which united us to the country from which we sprang. Indeed, he (Dr. Neild) regarded this migration of members of the theatrical profession to this colony as the very best kind of federation, for it kept us in touch with what was doing on the other side of the world. Then had we not our own people who had lived, moved and had their being with us, some of whom had been born here and most of whom had received all their best training in this part of the world. He would speak of Rogers, Charles Young, Mrs. Charles Young (now Mrs. Herman -Vezin) Lambert, Mrs. Charles Poole, Miss Chester, Mrs. Brougham, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, the Nelsons, the Edouins, Dolly Green (now known as Dolores Drum- mond), Julia Matthews, poor dear Hattie Shepparde, Marie St. Denis, with her tragic history, clever and lovely Eleanor Carey, now and for some time in America, Jennie Winston, also a prominent member of the profession in the States, Eugenie Legrand, dear James Cathcart, friend and companion of the Keans, Harwood, the most versatile and most finished of actors, Richard Stewart and his three delightful daughters, Docy, Maggie, and incomparable Nellie, Pattie Browne, raciest, daintiest and most piquant of soubrettes, Titheradge, without a rival on his own ground, in fact, the line would last out to the crack of doom, and he had very probably forgotten to mention some whom he would wish specially to re- member. All of them, however, had helped in their several ways to establish the drama, in this colony, which drama he considered to be established beyond all likelihood of accident or assail. As to the foolish cry of the decadence of the drama, sometimes unthink- ingly raised, he did not regard it. There was no such decadence here or elsewhere. There was a change, from time to time in the general, preference, or the prevailing taste, but whether it was high tragedy, low comedy, comedy didactic, comedy farcical, wild burlesque, opera comique, melodrama sensational, society play, domestic drama, or histories in five acts, it was always the same true eternal, human drama in which every human being of sound mind and unfettered by prejudice, could take a personal interest. He there fore asked them to fill their goblets to the brim and join him in wishing prosperity to the Drama. Mr. Arthur Garner, in responding, stated that in looking along the vista of past years, he found himself the senior manager as regarded active work. There was one point to which he wished to draw special at tention—the presence at this gathering of his old friend, Dr. Neild, who occupied, the place of honour beside Mr. Toole. Dr. Neild had done so much for the Australian drama and dramatic profession, that it was with great pleasure he had listened to his remarks. The theatrical business in Melbourne was flourishing, but the public did not know the immense outlay—some three thousand a week—it took to keep the five Mel- bourne theatres at work. This amounted to £156,000 a year. And yet on this the artists received large and handsome remunerations, and, as a consequence, per- haps, they were led to think that sufficient for the day was the evil thereof, and not to care, to provide for the far-off future. Perhaps this was one of the reasons why the association had lain, dormant so long. Now, however, that Mr. Coppin had obtained a bill regul- ating the distribution of the fund that met with the approval of the profession, he though the should be able to go ahead. It was, however, necessary for a preacher to put his preaching into practical shape. Mr. Coppin had made his children as they were born life-governors of the institution. Unfortunately, he ( Mr. Garner) had neglected to do this, but he would now make his wife and four colonial children life- governors. (Applause). Mr. Robert Brough followed Mr. Garner, in a few brief remarks on the drama. Mr. G. S. Titheradge proposed The Press, humor- ously remarking that he had once been a pressman himself, having, for six weeks, described aquatic sports on the Albert Park Lagoon, for the Federal Australian, although he got nothing for his efforts. It was an undeniable fact that the dramatic criticism of the Melbourne press was of the highest standard. It should be a matter of hearty congratulation that they had amongst them as critics gentlemen of the very, highest ability, who brought to their work long, experience, a perfect mastery of their profession, a studied impartiality, and an integrity which was unimpeachable. Mr. James Smith, in responding to the toast of the Press, said : When I look round the room I see such a large and brilliant gathering of members of the theatri- cal profession, I can hardly believe that the Mel- bourne stage is not yet fifty years old. Such, however, is the fact, there is one of its distinguished ornaments present, who remembers the first theatre ever built in this city. I speak of our old friend, Mr. George Coppin, an admirable comedian, an excellent citizen, and the Nestor of the Australian stage. Only there appear to me to have been two George Coppins, both of them remarkable actors, estimable men ; for I find one George Coppin advertising a benefit performance in the Melbourne papers on June 18, 1846, as " most positively the last appearance of himself and his wife on any stage ; " and announcing that he " will appear as Billy Barlow and take a final farewell of the stage." Now as he quitted the boards so many years ago, it stands to reason that this cannot be the same George Coppin who had delighted so many thousands of people in those colonies in later and in quite recent years. But the original George Coppin, if he were here, could tell you, ladies and gentlemen, that even forty years ago the Melbourne stage could boast of some really fine artistes. I will place himself and his accomplished wife, the Lady Teazle, and Lydia Languish, of those days, in the first rank, no relation, I believe, to the charming actress. Then there was Nesbitt. He, I am told, closely resembled the late G. V. Brooke in ap- pearance, voice, manner, and dramatic power. Then came Rogers, one of the most sterling representatives of the Teazles, the Absolutes and the Ogelbys of the British theatre, I ever saw, and I am old enough to remember the first of the Farrens. Next must be mentioned Charles Young, good alike in comedy, farce, burlesque and extravaganza, and his clever wife, better known to all of you as Mrs. Herman Yezin. In those days a sterling actor like Rogers, and a useful actress like his wife, used to divide between them —how much do you suppose ?— the munificent salary of £2 10s. every week the " ghost walked." The entire company cost much less than £20 a week ; and if the nightly takings averaged £20—they only played three nights a week the manager felt that he was on the high road to fortune. When crowded to excess the old Queen's Theatre only held £70, and yet, as Mr. Coppin has reminded me, the takings in that same house when Catherine Hayes sang there a few years that of Paul Jones at the Opera House ; and with such scenic artists as Messrs. Gordon, Hennings, Spong, and Brunton, there is no city in the world of its size and population so well catered for in the matter of theatrical entertainments as Melbourne. My only regret is that a good many worthy and capable actors are to be met with, lacking employment and failing to find an engagement. For the compliment you have paid the press, ladies and gentlemen, I thank you most sincerely. Literature naturally cherishes a warm affection for art in all its branches, especially for the art of the dramatist and the actor. Of course, it is impossible for criticism to be always agreeable, and therefore always acceptable, for the critic has to consider the public as well as the pro- fession ; moreover, indiscriminate and unvarying praise is valueless, if not contemptible. Nor does any critic profess to be infallible. But if he is honest and sincere ; if he knows his business ; if he endeavours to be just without being ungenerous ; and if he is anima- ted by a genuine affection for the art, of which I see so many gifted exponents and interpreters around me and by a desire to promote its growth and elevation, I think he is capable of rendering a not unimportant service to a profession whose enviable privilege it is to minister, in all ages, in all countries, in all phases of civilisation, to what Dr. Johnson called " the harmless gaiety of nations." During the afternoon Mr. J. L. Toole created a good deal of amusement by his singing of the famous " Norrible Tale," and Mr. George Coppin's droll ballad description of the wily ways of a Constan- tinople lady, was received with loud applause. There was a general wish to start the chorus of this song, but the singer unfortunately hurried on to the next verse. After a very pleasant afternoon had been spent, ithe assemblage commenced to disperse about half-past five. Tradespeople and others in Australia should beware of a certain lady who is travelling about the colonies under a title and name to which, it is believed, she has no right. So far it does not appear that she has victimised anyone in money matters, and it may be a mere freak of vanity, but the adoption of a false name is always matter for suspicion. later were £1000 in a single night. That was a golden time, when the diggers were so enraptured with the" dancing of the Chambers family that they used to pelt them with five shilling pieces and throw nuggets at them securely warpped up in one pound notes. A new era dawned for the Melbourne stage, when Mr. Coppin went home in 1854, and not only brought out with him G. V. Brook, Fanny Cathcart, Rich. Younge, a good stock company ; but a theatre also, which was put together in the short space of six weeks. Some of us irreverent young fellows —we were all young fellows then, disrespectfully called it "The Iron Pot," but some splendid histrionic broth was boiled in that pot, I can tell you. There was a little girl in the company with a lovely singing voice, playing the fool in King Lear and Prince Arthur in King John, whom our chairman must remember as the Grand Duchesse at Drury Lane. I refer to Miss Julia Matthews. And what a succession of ghosts flit past me as I recall the names of those who have adorned the Melbourne boards—Anna Bishop, Laura Keen, Kate Hayes, James Hudson, J. C. Lambert, Mr. and Mrs, Charles Kean, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, Charles Matthews, Sir William and Lady Don, Ellen Mortyn, who was the ideal Hester Graze- brook, Mrs. Vickery, Madame Celeste, Walter Montgomery, William Hoskins, Mungall, the Scottish, and Collins, the Irish comedian, Charles Vincent, William Creswick, and a host of lesser lights. Among the living, who have trod the Melbourne boards, let me not forget to enumerate Edwin Booth, James Anderson, Henry Edwards, Barry Sullivan, Madame Ristori, Madame Janauschek, Miss Genevieve Ward, Joseph Jefferson, whose genius, I think we may lay claim to have discovered. Such is a brief and rapid survey of the past. It is something to be proud of, but not less so the present. With such an artist as Mr. Warner at the Royal ; with my old friend —your old friend—everybody's old friend—Mr. Toole at the Princess's ; with such unique performances as those of Diplomacy and Caste at the Bijou ; with Mr. Dampier illustrating colonial romance at the Alex- andra ; with so bright and popular a presentation as 