WANTED, A LISTENER. [Written Expressly fob the ' Colonist.'] A strict regard for truth, and the re quirements of the present narrative, com pels the writer to commence by stating that — ' Some years ago two sunburnt overlanders might have been seen upon the evening of a stifling day in December, etc,, etc' Now, this statement is not made in imitation of G. P. B,. James, whoso two horsemen — the one tall, the other short : the one fair, the other dark : the elder and the younger — always ap peared with such dreadful, such appaling monotony in the opening sentence of the first chapter, but because the statoment is a fact, and a fact necessary to be men tioned because of its intimate^ connection with the incidents that follow. Well, then, to resume. The reader is already in possession of the fact that two horsemen wore approaching somewhere from somewhere. Tho ruddy glare of a torrid sunset was on all the parched and desolate plain around — upon each dwarfed and baked- looking fragment of grey green salt bush, upon the unfre quent and stunted hop bushes, upon the bare grey and brown rocks of the distant hills, upon the bleachod bones of drought smitten Block, upon the weird-looking white limbs of the stunted gums marking the dry bed of a far-away creek, and upon the only moving things visible ia the vast expanse of the dreary desolation : the two horsemen aforesaid, to wit. They were making their way wearily along a nearly obliterated track across the vast salt bush plain, towads a small hut perched on tho hillside near the entrance to a pass through the- rocky' hills by which the plain was bounded. They were moving at a walk, for their lorses ware fairly knocked np; they looked sorry and soured and foolish, for, overlanders as they were, they were bushed in a country full of good land marks ; their water bags were empty ; they were faint with hunger, and tho mqr-pw was Christmas , Day rr. if .that, under the circumstances, could be ^ei pepted tb: make' any difference. J?, ' ! ' ' Don't think' wo oiin make' it,' said the younger of the two grumpily; ' it ' having reference to thehut intho distance.- — ' Must,' replied tho elder curtly ; 1 horses must ha'e water, anyhow.' . '(runyah's too far off; can't do' it,' doggedly rejoined the younger1;' ; ;;, 'Must,1 mim 1 Must do it,' ;I tell yer ; humph !'C And ' the elder iniin snorted violently ashe took a'savage'bitp at a plug of, tobacco which he pulled from his ; pocket ns he spoke'. ? s To this remark no answer is vouch safed, and the two men plod on in sulky silenco towards tho distant hut. Thoy are travelling due_ west, and the rays of tho sotting' sun shine'right on their leau hard brown-tanned ' faces as thoy sit 1 Blackly in tho saddle, the while their tirod horses with heads despondently drooped crawl slowly onwards. The door and window of the hut, whioh is of stone, looks to the east, and at the back of the hut, at the time that the two men are speaking, an old man — the shepherd who occupies tho place— is engaged chaining up his dog, mattering to himself the while strange sounds that seem liko curt inverted prayers. A weird and uncanny-looking old man this, with a habit of looking furtively over his shoulder and around corners and behind him as if he dreaded pursuit. A clean shaved white-haired old man with muhy beetling white eyebrows that nearly meet ovor his nose — eyebrows that darkly shade a pair of small restless shifty looking eyes : a lean, spare and slender old man whose garments are scrupulously clean, and seem somehow to give him a sort of a Sunday convict aspect. Having made tho collie secure, tho old man gave him a parting ourso. receiving, in response, a whine and a wag of the tail, and came round to the front of his hut, and pausing in front of the door, placed his hand over his eyebrows and scanned tho plain below him. For miles in front of him stretched the dreary levol of salt bush flats, and far as the eye could reach to right and left was the plain and — more salt bush. Eastward, behind the approaching travellers, were the abrupt slopes and rocky sides of the Dry Spring hills, and with the light of tho after glow full upon it, and distinctly visible from where the old man stood, was the dark and ^cavern-like entrance to Pegout Gorge, through which the old track, long since disused, formerly led to Mfc Drouth. The slow growing salt bush has now al most roclaimod possession of the onoe well-worn traok, the wheel ruts are filled up, and fresh tracks there are none ; but through the dreadful gorge, the track can still be made out by the piles of bleached bones that lie at frequent intervals under the lee of the huge boulders, by the marks of old camps, by the graves where men who perished by the way are buried. Long and earnest was the old man's gaze, but for a considerable time he saw nothing. His lips were moving tremu lously ; he was muttering inaudibly he was almost trembling, suddenly he spoke. 'No luck to- night,' he said, ' there's no one coming, and he'll be here all night,' the old man shuddered as he said the words. ' I shall have to take it out in raving.' With that the old man gave a loud yell, and the dog from behind the hut replied with a prolonged howl. ' Dingo's in the range up yonder,' said the younger of. tho two horsemen, a few seconds after, as the sound faintly reached them. ' Dingo's be ——poof — you're dream ing,' growlod the elder. At this moment the old man, having ceased yelling, again looked across the plain, saw the approaching horsemen. Hobbling into the hut he presently em erged with a binocular glass in his hand, after reoonnoitring the travellers through which ho appeared to be satisfied, and called out to the dog as ho closed the instrument. ' All right, Brusher, two on 'em ; yarramen, baked, both on 'em man anorse.' A responsive howl came from the collie. ' They'll have to suffer it as soon as supper's over.' With this remark, tho old man. entered the hut, threw some wood on tho fire, hung a billy with water over it to boil, and then taking a piece of bent wire, he raised the lid of the oamp oven and gazed admiringly at tho loaf baking within. ' Capital,' said he, ' done to a turn in another quarter; dish 'em up with a curry before I begin.' The old man's gloom seomod to have left him, and he bustled about the hut, cheerfully, almost gaily, making preparations for the even ing meal. The twilight was fading into night, and the hut loomed faintly against the dark shadow of the hill side.1 Suddenly'Hhe' glare of the freshly revived fire shone through door and window space, revealing to the tired hosemen bolow that thoy were near the goal of their hopes. 'Not so very far after all,' said the younger man. And the tired horses, evidently knowing that their journey was near an end, freshened up, and almost stepped out gaily. ' Durned sight further'n you think,' growled the elder. In a few moments more they were at the hut door dismounting. 'Bushed?' said the shepherd at the hut door, enquiringly, shading his eyes with his' hand as he gazed into the dark ness. 'Bushed,1 muttered the junior over lander sorrily. ' Bushed,' growled the senior overlander savagely. ' rf.orses'11 want a drink and summat feat o'course,' remarked the shepherd, 1 bring 'em this way when you've got the saddles off.1 Then the old man went down to the stone built tank, and lifting a valve, let water into the troughing, and a moment later the overlanders !were watering their horses, ' ' Got hobbles,;. I s'pose P': ?queried- the shepherd. . : ?' ' Yes. we've got hobbles. Any feed about? These nags of ours won't care about the salt bush if thoy can get any thing else.' Thus the younger o£ the two~ overlanders. 'Which horsei' he ? oontinued, ' shall I put the' bell on, Jaunder f' ,- .,..,.':'. ??£'-' ' Don't matter a . burse, have to watch 'em anyhow,' replied Jaundor moodily. ' Np fear,' cut in the shepherd, ' nice green pickin' along the creek, they'll not leave it, you bet.' ?'' ? ' Have to chance 'em anyhow,' growlod Jaunder. as they put the hobbles on the horses after turning them up the creek. ' And now, said Jaunder, as they were re turning to the hut, ' can you give us any thing to'eiit, for we have had nothing since five o'clook this morning. ' ' Just readying it up for you when you came up,' replied the shepherd, 'but come in and sit downj it'll do you no harm to see the way as it's dono.' The shepherd led the way into the hut, lit a neatly-trimmed slush lamp, and from his bush safe produced a cold shoulder of mutton, from which ho pro ceeded to remove tho meat and to cut it into small dice.' ' I saw yer a coming,' remarked the shepherd as he was cutting up the mutton, ' when you was a couple o' miles off, an' I sed ter mos'elf, it must be a bit o' curry, ses I, there aint no time to cook a jint, besides, there's bread in the oven. Dessay it's done now, though ;' the old man raised tho oven lid, tapped the crust of the loaf critically, and muttered, ' done to an 'air,' as he capsized the oven on to a sack, and the loaf roll out. ' That's a loaf as a hatter needn't be ashamed onP' he said, as he daintily placed the loaf on its , edge ou the little table, leaning it against the wall. ' Now, you just watoh me dish up the curry' : — continuedthe old man as he set to work. Taking a shallow flat dish, he placed the mutton in it, and then added some preserved vegetables which had been stooping in a pannikin, together with tho liquid they were soaking iu, added some pepper and sat, and then placed tho dish on some hot embers which he had raked to one side for tho purpose. Then he chopped a large onion fine, and added it to the Tiess, which he stirred with a spoon. Then, taking some curry ho mixed it with a little water and added it to the remainder, after whioh he left the dish to itsejf whilst he laid the table; — raking out oripp ed knives and damaged forks from old corners for the use of his guests. ' Billy's boilin !' he exclaimed suddenly as he made a dash at a sma 1 hag on a nail by the fire, taking therefrom a handful of dry tea. Suddenly opening his hand with a kind of spasmodic motion, he dropped the tea into the billy with one hand as he removed it from the fire with the other. ' Now,' said ho : — ? to put the kyebosh on the curry.' And he went to a gin case in a corner, from within the depths of he produced a bottle of Lea and Perrins' sauce ; a little of which he poured over the curry, stirring it the while. ' Now guvnors, sit'up an' wire in,' said the shepherd a3 he, with a flourish worthy of a dancing master, placed the dish upon the table. The billy's at ther fire ; ther bread's afore yer; and ther curry's in front on yer.' The hungry and observant overlanders promptly sat up and ' wired in,' and for a few moments, save for the clicking of knife and fork, there was silence in the hut, all present doing ample justice to the savory mess before them. And then after the supper was over and the table cleared, pipes were lit, and the senior overlander, no longer hungry, relaxed and became warm and genial. The bell was tinkling regularly outside ; evidence that the horses were feeding steadily; the night had cooled rapidly, and under the soothing influence of the weed, the overlander proceeded, in a spirit of gracious condescension, to pump the hatter. ' Find it lonely, doncher P' he asked, by way of making a beginning. 'Lonely, well no : not offen' : — replied the shephered : — ' the ration carrier brings me the 'mail' on Thursday— that's the ' mail' for the week afore, yer know ; and I reads it — arter supper at night— every word on it.' ' Sec tho ration carrier, sometimes ?' ' Not offen, but a durn sight offener'n I want. He's a young feller, flash, an wants ter pitch. Its a listener as I wants.' ' A listener. Don't care about hearing the news, eh P' ' Not I. Wot' 8 stay shin yarns ter me. 'Bout wot Jack said 'bout Jim and wot Jim didn't do 'bout it. This 'ere young feller wot carries ther rashins, he'd pitch tho legoff'ena nyrn pot; there aint a particle as he don't know sumtit on ; there aint a thing as he woa't mag about. Wot sort 'o mans that ter send round to a lot o' hatters. No, guvnor, its a lis'ner as I wants, an' sometimes I wants 'un badly.' The old man put tho field-glasses to his eyos and gazed intently across the hut, apparently watching the movements of something behind the overlander, whilst with his disengaged hand he seemed to be stroking the head of a mythical dog — of a dog that wasn't there. The overlauders exchanged glanees, and Jaunder shrugged his Bhouldors, and smiled uneasily' ' Well, but, said Jaunder, ' what do you find to talk about here by yourself all the time ?' ' That's just it,' replied the old man. ' I've got lots o' time, and I just thinks it out.' ' Think what out ?' ' Various. Sometimes one thing, an' sometimes another ; an' sometimes I think a thing as must out, lis'ner or no lis'ner. An' sometimes I gets a bit bpxod, an' don't quite know writ's real and wot's dream.' ? ' You do a good deal of day dream- ing, you mean,' said Jaunder. : 7 .. ' Ay,;,aud a goocLdcal o' night .dream-, '., ingi' that's \ wuss. I!m not certain as he's ?', notthoreiiiowi'.andthe old man suddenly i' olapped the glass to his eyes and resumed \-- Iris [inspection of the wall behind the over vilanders.' ??? ,/.^-':!'' '? ' ?';?'? ????-' j . -,; .'Therelsnotbing there, man,' saidthe' Ivyouriger of' the; ove- landers as -they 'both; ''ttirted'roian'd and' looked at the wall be j'Hnd tp'em; '',.-'.'.'- ' ' ' . ''''''No, 'daresay not. Make no doubt '' as you've scared him; .but I m, quite sure as the dog was here a few minutes ago.' , ' Dog, what dogP' exclaimed both over landers. : ' Why, his dog o' oourse. On'y he didn't bring his bones and carcase.' ' Getting to be quite interesting,' said ?,' launder to Ms companion, aside; then, to the shepherd ; ' but who's he P' 'Ho, well guvnoiyl'll tell yer. An' I'm glad as you've arskt, cause yer 'ad ter ,.ave it somehow afore yer turned,, in. Well, it was this way ; I was a; livin' on this same run, in this 'ere hut, thirteen years back, when Arkwright and Jarley \- owned the place. I'd'just comedover from the other side, an' I didn't like anything' about here, not neither the people 'nor their ways, an'the 'eat used ter turn me' ?up brful.1 Howsuineyor, I got a job' 'ere. ? ter. tail a mob er sheep from this hut!' '[,,'? There was. hut-keepers in them days, an' I'd brie on 'em 'ere. He used ter , sleep on that very bunk as you're a sitting on, guvnor. Well, that hut-keeper, he'd bin a nold marine, an' he'd lost 'is right 'and somehow, an' part of 'is arm, an' he had a kind er wooden fixin'. He'd a knife an' fork, an' er spoon;, an' er norl, an' a. lot o' hother gimcracks. Loot1' 'ere, guvnor, 'that feller was a nark, you bet.. An' he. was. the— but, there— if I start a jaeketin on 'im.you'll not 'ear wot I've got . ter tell yer 'bout 'im till all 'ours. Well, ther.long and ther short of it was, wb couldn't ™ it together. That fe'ler's' . gammy arm druv, me mad ; it seemed ter me, spmehow, as if he was allus a tryiD1 ter do summat with a. 'and as wasn't, there. An' ther way as he jammed a pair o' pincers inter thatstump an' 'eld things there was a sight as used ter make me. sick. An' he was allus a wantin' to tork, ,, an' he never 'ad.nothin' ter say. I knew., so help' — many adjectives — ' I knew all ns he waB afgofn'-'it'er say afore he'd opened 'is mouthy-after he'd bin 'ere a week. .. .. .-::?'.,. . .r . ?? ' We did'nt start.well; an1 we got worse on it every day as went on. He made hissi-p Hi at contrairy as it was ard ter git on with Mm at all. He'd a dog too ; an' ther dog took ter follerin me out with ther sheep, an' that rug more barney. But the. stump fetched me wossen any think else ; an1 by an'bye when I sjn ther way as that stump seemed ter think as it ad an and on it still, I tuk ter pipin ic on ther quiet through these 'ere glasses': ? — the old man held the glasses up at arms length as he spoke : — ' an' one day, guvnor ; its as true as I'm a sittin' e're. I shvther and in front o' the stump. He ' was a'sittn on that brink, just where you re a, sittin'' how ; and '\ ther and : as . didn't orter be there Was 'er'goin nervous like/ . ' , ' But jou said th hand was off:' said Jaunder. , ' So it was, but ther, and was there for all that^ a sort of er whitey blue , misty kind er thing as yer cud see through, it was; but1 it- was there. An arter that, first tiinc I sin it offen. When he'd lift er bucket er worter with is left and an' p'ut'it'bn ther 'opk : I used ter pipe 'im,. an' I'd see ther fingers close on ther 'andlo, of the, bucket, same as it' they was flesh. Same 'with everything else as he 'ad on ther stump. If he held ther ' Mail' with the pincers, an' I got ther charnce o' pipin' 'im ; there was ther fingers a grippinVit. Well, I felt my air a turnin' grey as I. watched 'im: — an' hei: — he used ter get as narked as a chaffed jackeroo.'When he dropped on me apipiri' on 'im;' ' : An then one night 'is dog pegged out on ther chain, and he swore as I'd give .'im er bait. That riled him er bitr-cos ther dog 'ad took ter me1,; an' I knpw'd.as he'd just dropped 'er bait fur 'im — cos he felt.jealous. I towd 'im so. An' we fit. He'd got thei bucket 'ook on, on ther gammy arm, an' he. plugged me with it rather narsty, give me this cut as yer see over this eye' — the old man pointed with hiB1 finger to the mark of a jagged cut ' above his temple.' ' Arter that I swore as' I'd do fur 'im, an' I' just bided my time an' watched.' , . . , ; Soon arter that ther come along a cove as called hissen a worker. He'd two wagins, one on fein with goods an' one with 'osa feed. .Gammoned as he 'ad ter feedi'is 'osses— lot: er. feed he guv 'em — no, no — they didn't want feed, them 'osses — seasons was seasons then: : Look 'ere guvnor, under ther bags er chaff, that wagm was chock full or. three star an' blue ruin an' other pisen. ' That 'orker 'ad is wife with 'im too. Well, they stops 'ero. An' me an' thai hut keeper, as 'adu't spoke fur mor'n a month, squares it over, their grog, an' we 'ad a rare old teas for three or four days.-, . : ? I used ter put ther, sheep on camp to'rds 'leven , erclook and 'then slip 'ome till 'bout five, and then I'd roll out an! meet 'em drorih' in to'rds ther 'urdles, an' ther dog 'ud do ther rest. We each onus guv that 'orker'er norder on the stay shin fur wot we'd knocked down with 'im, gammonin' as it was toys we'd got, an! when ho went away he left a bottle arter 'im fur a pick-me-up. I knowed this, an' I stole away arter ther sheep 'ad camped and made back ter ther hut wantin' er drink bad — I was real craw sick. ' When I got here, on that brink guv'nor, as you're a sittin' on, he lay — ' ' ' Dead,' exclaimed Jaunder. ' Dead drunk,' .snarled the old man, ...an'.. , alongside.. oniJ'im. ..was.. thor,..dead marine. If ever you've bin crawsick, . guv'nor, yer know what it is. I tried tor wake, 'im — couldn't even git er grunt . ;frdm 'im— he was.; that drunk — searched their durned hut — not a toothful, -any- ...... ^&^^v^ , *- ? - . --v''- ?- '??; -?'?' ' ' v--.Y where— an' then' I sat ddwn: an! thowt. Some time afore, I'd read' in a novel' of- er woman -as ;put : 'er 'usband away while he was drunk, by shoving er wet towel over 'is mouth' an' nose. ' That's^ my dart, ''I ses to myself, ' ' an'; I'll 'dp, it- 'now.''' No1 sooner said /than done. I collars 'i^fow^el, dips lit inter, e|r' bucket er water an' slaps it on 'is face, an' pressed it right down so's no air could3git in, an' then I sot down an' watched, an' arter: a while I got the glasses and begun watching ther gammy 'and agin. ? Ther worn't a stir in any of his limbs except ther shadder an' at ther end er ther. stump, and that kept clutoliin', like I've sin fellers '/ands do when they're pegging out. I knowed by that as he was dreamin'. An' then, arter a, while — a good- while it was— the 'and faded erway out er sight. I knowed then as he wor dead, an' I shifted ther towel an' 'ung it up ter dry. An' then I thowt as I'd go an 'ave er look at ther sheep, an' I was just going outer ther hut, when I sees a big pin, as must ha' bin dropped by ther woman. Ses I ter meself, this'll make it safe1 anyhow, an' I turns back an' wentter his 'ead,.ahd feelin'.fur where I thowt us ther'd be er jint in 'is . skull',V-r the old man here illustrated his narative by, the pan tomimio action of his hands— r f I druv it in. It wor a strong -urn an ididn't bend An' then I left im.' ' The old man's guests were listening with horror depicted on their faces. ' Yer needn't look so scared,' he said,. 1 I'm not thor ony one as as done it— ifs, done offerer'n you'd think. Any how, that night I went in ter ther 'ome stay shin arter I'd yarded ther sheep, 'an' told 'em that when I got 'ome that night I found ther hut'keeper dead on 'is bunk— ? 'that bunk as you're a sittin' on guv'nor. , They wornt as particular thorn days as they are how. The boss, he' rode put nex' day with twoior three more monan' 'ad a look at 'im, and then he was shoved inter er nole, an' that was all 'bout it. They sent out another hut keeper in er few days, but I didn't stop long arter. I didn't seem, somehow, ter care fer tlmr job. . Arter that, I knocked about a long time over ther Sydney side, till ther wornt a biter country ter speak on as wornt fenced in, an' when ther fences comes Im done. I as ter dear. Well, I worked back ter this side, and sumat drew me' 'ere. I couldn't resist it, an' I come, I've been 'ere now, nigh on three years, an' ther aint bin, I think, three nights as I've bin alone, as he ain't bin 'ere, an' mos' nights he brings 'is dog with 'im.' '. He ! who P' said Slammer. ' You'ro a . good single-handed pitcher, but you don't expect us to believe that rot.' ' Who !' exclaimed the old man wrath fully, ' that cove as .1 put away, er course. He'd a bin 'ere ternight if you 'adn't turned up. Yer don't believe me. don't yer. Come an I'll show yer. 'is grave.' The overlanders, looking puzzled and horrified,' made no movement. ' Come on— corao on now, guvnors ; there'll be no rest ternight till yer look at ther grave.' The old man spoke in a raised voice ; anger in his tone, impatience in his looks, as he moved towards the door, looking back1 as -he reaohed it to see if they were following. ? I The overlanders grasped their ;stockl whips and . rose, and, at a nod from Jaunder, followed the old man, who , was slowly making his way towards the creek. About a quarter of a mile from the hut, he turned off, and after passing through a few yards of dense scrub, came upon a small open space in which there were three graves. ' That's it,' said the old man, pointing to the noarest grave ; ' that's where 'is body lies ; most on it anyway. There's a 'and short in the karkis, but there's nothin' short 'bout 'is ghost as keeps me an Brusher company mos' nights up that ,'ere hut. That complete enough, that is, an lively ' — the old man seemed to be uttering to himself — ' a ghosts a thing as is difSercult ter deal with ; yor carn't oir cumvent it.' ' And what are these ?' asked Jaunder, pointing to the remaining graves. :: ' Two other fellers as I put away arfcer, same way as the first un. Arter the fust, thor rest on'ems easy. If yer give us er call some other night, yer can 'ear bout that lot. The overlanders, however, showed no inclination to accept the proffered hospi tality, and after a while the three men returned to the hut; where the over landers got through a sleepless night the best they could; and in the morning aided by the prolix directions of the shepherd, found their way to the home Station without difficulty. ' Yer wish me er merry Christmas, do yer,' the old man, said in answer to the parting words of the overlanders as they rode away,' ' Yes it 'II bo merry enough, high jinks with ther ghost of or dead marine. He'll be 'ere ter night, you bet, dos an all.' When the overlanders, under the cool verandah at the home station, related their strange experiences of the night before. ? Quiet, deoent old fellow, and a very good shepherd,' said the manager, after he had hoard the story ; ' but a little gone in, his head at times — been hailing too much — read too many books. 'But what about the graves that he showed us P' asked Jaunder. ' Gravos of men who died in the rush years ago, before tho oountry was stocked at all.' i But, it is satisfactory to bo able to add, that a cordial invitation to stay and rest themselves and their leg waary steeds, was gladly accepted by Jaunder and his companion, and that the characteristic hospitality of the well known Wundi Wundi station and its genial manager, proved to be a more than sufficient set off, to the hardships of the previous day, and the horrors of the past night. 