TURF GOSSIP. By Augcb. Should the weather be favourable this afternoon there ought to be a pretty numerous attendance at the Meatone meeting. Special trains will convey passengers to Mentone, and win return immediately atter the last race. The following are my ideas of the probable results:— TRIAL STAKES. CARE ... .... i INDA 2 melfoud ;;; ;;; 3 DECEMBER HANDICAP. PARTNER or QUERY 1 CAES ARK AN... . 2 FAIR ELLEN ... ^ 3 HCRDI.E RACE. SCATTERFIELD ... . 1 ROB ROY '"2 ironsides ;;; 3 DISPOSAL STAKES. CORONATION 1 REWI 2 sardo ;;; 3 STEEPLECHASE. BLAIR ATHOL ... l SECRETARY 2 gaslight ;;; 3 MENTOXE HANDICAP. INVESTIGATOR 1 STAFFORD 2 VASL'OSA ... 3 | It is satisfactory to know that, either from a racing or a pecuniary point of view, the | Ballarat meeting was the most successful that the club has held for many years. But little of this success is due to the general , public of the golden city. The present resi dents of Ballarat are not so fond of racing as' were the sturdy diggers who fought their way into the bowels of the earth ; between 1830 and 1865; and they do not visit the -Dowling Forest in such numbers. Were it not for the residents of the metropolis the i meeting would have been a miserable failure. ! Melbourne people were conspicuous by their presence in the grand-stand en closure and were unanimous in praising the beauties of the panoramic view to be obtained from the lawn. There j is one thing which struck me as being! peculiar, and that was the want of unanimity j between the old and the young generations) of Ballarat sportsmen. I am not going to j j mince matters. Some of those who are i leading spirits of the Ballarat Hunt Club did not seem to pull with those who are leading spirits of the Ballarat Turf Club. I don't know who is to blame, and I don't care, but the fact was patent to me. Now, this should not be. Let old and young, whether they be i interested in the Turf Club or the Hunt Club, put their shoulders to the wheel, and endeavour before next spring come« round to provide decent accommodation for the public, the stewards, and the press; and try by every means in their power to make both meetings even a greater success tlian they nave been this year. By united action this can be effected without any difficulty. And now, hating taken my preliminary canter in a growl, I must turn to the pleasant side of the picture. The weather was hot, but only seasonably so, and, as the caterer had paid a fair price for the right of selling refreshments, he deserved to have a couple of good drinking days. He had them. There were several hundreds of the sterner sex in the enclosure, and " straight -for dat bar went dose few hoondreds. Many a tune and oft was the invasion made. Fortunately there was plenty of ice on hand, and one had not to undergo that disagreeable operation of having to drink lukewarm sodawater or gingerale. Tatiara, who \yon the two hurdle races, is a useful customer, and will be heard of again. Rivulet won the Maiden Plate easily enough for Mr. J. B. Clark, but he did not profit by the victory, and as this was the sole victory scored by James Scobie's stable during the meeting his followers must have had a bigbalanceon the wrongaide. There was a very respectable field for the Ballarat Cup, for Leviathan, Wattle. Teuton, Sinecure, Granite, and Puikakariki had all dis tmguished theipseh'es as winners. Mr. W. T. Jones .thought he liada good thing in Sine cure, end hacked him'freely. I never saw the son of Martini-Henry looking so well, but he hadn't the ghost of a " chance with Levia than, who fairly romp&L; home in front of ■him, Terrific II.. upset- a- hot favourite in Anita for the Selling 3tace, find Lackers of the favourite suffered another disastrous reverse in the. Dowling Forest Handicap. Iiendigo was made a tea- hot favourite, and Knight of the Garter was backed by his party. The favourite never came anigh, and the English filly Elsie, running very gamely, won her second race for Mr. W. It. Wilson, who was present, but backed his fill.v for a small amount only, Mr. Macdonald imagining that she had little or 110 show with Bendigo, whose performance was considerably below his best. The son of Newbold seemed to me to be hardly strung up to concert pitch. All the Ballarat sports men were pleased to see Mr. Wilson suc cessful upon the first occasion that he had seen one of his own win a race at Dowling Forest, and expressed a hope that in future years he would be a regular attendant. There was a capital race between Query and Bloodshed for the Telegraph Stakes,"andthe former won cleverly, this form being in striking contrast to a recent exhibition at Moonee Volley. The racing on the second day was very in teresting and exceedingly erratic. Talk of reversals of form, I have never seen so many extraordinary exhibitions of topsy-turvcy dom in my life. It opened in the first race of the day, the Public Auc tion Stakes. The three horses that had contested the Selling Itace on the first day again came out to oppose one another, and of course those not very far-seeing people, the plungers, popped down the pieces on Terrific II., but he finished neither first nor second, and Hollowback beat Anita very easily. Here was a case of upside down racing, and the stewards had good grounds for an inquiry, but they didn't hold one. Mr. Harrie Smith, the V. B.C. stipendiary steward, was present, but he was not 011 duty, as the course is outside his radius, and the stewards had not asked him to act with them. During the day he must have made many mental notes of the in-and-out running that he wit nessed. Tatiara ran consistently, and won the Second Hurdle Race easily enough, and then Paikakariki created a surprise to the general public, but there was one knowing backer from the metropolis who took good care that the books did not have a " skinner" on the race. Here, too, was a reversal of form, for on the-previous day in the Ballarat Cup Paikakariki had kept a respectful dis tance in the rear until they entered the straight, when he made a bit of a run. Still his case was not half so flagrant as Hollow back's, and the stewards considered King's explanation satisfactory. Leviathan's per formance was much more of an erratic cha racter, for while he fairly beat his opponents "in the Cup like a lot of donkeys, he couldn't pace a yard with them when they commenced to race in the Ballarat Handicap. What an extraordinary game it is! In the Steeple chase Tom Corrigan broke a stirrup leather early in the race, but it didn't make any differ ence to him, for he rode Acrobat just the same as if he had both irons. Blair Athol's victory was very popular, and George Scobie is to be con gratulated upon the condition in which he sent the liorse to the post. In the Pioneer Handicap there was another reversal of form, Bendigo, who occupied a rearmost position on the previous day, winning cleverly from Chaldean. It must lie rememliered, how ever, that Mr. Wallace's horse had 121b. taken off his back. Fancy Quadrant being placed within 41b. of him. My Day wound up the meeting with a win. for Mr. Robert Howie. It is worthy of note that the local stables were singularly unsuccessful through out the meeting. The four principal fiat races, the Ballarat Cup, Dowling Forest Han dicap, Ballarat Handicap, and Pioneer Han dicap fell to horses trained away from Dowling Forest, Leviathan, Paikakariki, and Bendigo having been prepared in the metropolitan district, and Elsie at Geelong. Mr. Thomas Wilson's stable was not successful once, though he was second several times, and James Scobie won only one race, the Maiden Plate. This should act as an incentive to our Melbourne trainers to have a cut in at Ballarat when the next meeting comes round. Colonel Green field, who performs the duties of honorary ! secretary, was as busy as a bee all throughout the two days, and bis assistant, Mr. Tweedle, and Mr. Fishwick were, as usual, courteous and considerate to the members of the press, and got through their respective duties admirably. Colonel Sleep once more held the watch, but either the gallant colonel or the man who looked after the board made a couple of races a minute longer than they really took to run. Mr. Martin Loughlin presided in the judge's box, and gave his decision with alacrity and correctness, while Mr. Godfrey Watson was never in better form with the starter's flag. Messrs. Morton, Bailey, Orr, Holgate, and Dowling did not forget the visitors from Melbourne, who were attended to in the steward's room, and altogether the meeting went with much more vim than any that has preceded it for many years; yet, as I have remarked before, the old and young generations of Ballarat sportsmen must in future work more in unison in order to ensure continuous success. One cannot visit the Dowling Forest race-1 course without having a look in at Mr. Thomas Wilson's stable. There I found Dreadnought j in grand health, not grown upwards to any extent, .but filled out much jnore than ever I expected to find him. Whether he will ever stand another severe preparation 1 remains to be seen. I hope, for the sake of his owner and trainer, that we may see him in his very best form at the next V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Sinecure looked more blooming than he has ever been since he was in training, and Chaldean was in great form. I was glad to see that Jewboy had | nearly recovered from his accident; he grows more like his sire, The Assyrian, every day, I and, so far as appearances go, he should be a j good horse. Leopold, who was recently I Eurchased by Mr. M. Loughlin, has a "leg," ut Mr. Wilson has hopes of patching him up. Teksum seeniB to. he quite at home in his new quarters. Don Giovan never looked better than when he left Mr. R. Clifford's hands, and he retains the beautiful polish which was so noticeable when he left I observed that lie was kept on straw bedding and had .the muzzle on. He is a terrible glutton, and sawdust bedding is absolutely necessary to keep him from stuffing himself. Whakawai has put on a little flesh since he arrived at Dowling Forest, but he has been a great disappointment to everybody, and I'm afraid he will continue to be. There are no two finer horses in the stable than Mr. W. T. Jones's two tlnee-yeai-old sons of New minster, great strapping fellows, very, like their sire, and just the sort to rfihke good racehorses. They have been given plenty of should be heard of in time, and next season i . . ... connection with some of our jumping events. Gresford was not looking first-rate, but he iB j bound to pick up in the bracing atmosphere of Dowling Forest. Mr. Bond has no cause to complain of the entries for the V.A.T.C. Summer Meeting. They are good all through. For the Hurdle Race there are 27, and I observe amongst them the names of Wyvis, Lottie, Pingara, Prisciilo, Islander, Sybarite, Killaloe. Pilot, Felix, katapa, and other good performers over the little sticks. In the Hopetoun Cup there are 34, and here, too, we have some pretty good performers. One of them is the recently-purchased Queenslander Lyndhurst, who lias performed so well in Queensland and also upon one occasion when he visited Randwick. Bendigo, Tarcoola, Carrington, Maggie, Elsie, Chintz, Jebusite, and Levia than are also of the number. Cuirassier's name also appears in the list, and if only half of those nominated can be attracted to the post there should lie a most interesting con test. A Selling ltace has most of the best of the horses that affect this class of event, and in the Steeplechase there are 13. For the Malvern Handicap there are 47 entries, and we may look out for spirited contests. The general entries for the V.lt.C. Summer Meeting are fairly satisfactory. For the Hurdle Race there are 27, and I notice that Quadrant is an aspirant to jumping honours, j If he does not do better over jumps than he has on the liat he will not pay for his oats. There are 10 in the Steeplechase, but with tlie exception of Orangeman, Saxon, and Lawler, they are a very sorry lot. There are 17 in the Criterion Stakes. Marplot, who was successful in the Nur sery Handicap at Kosehill on Saturday last, was bred at Kirkham by the late Mr. James White, and is half-sister to the unlucky Pippo, by Martini-Henry from Mascotte, a grey mare wire, it will i»e remeinl>ered, was wont to play up like a mad thing at tbe post; but she was very speedy, and in this respect her daughter evidently takes after iter, as the ; nlly had her opponents beaten from the fall j of the flag, and it was a big field too. Mar I plot, who ran in the name of Mr. V. Dowling, ! is trained by Tom Payten, who also got second witli the Victorian-owned Algerine. Marplot Jias several valuable two- year-old engagements, including Sydney Tattersall's Club Lady Carrington Prize, V.lt.C. Ascotvale Stakes, Sires' Produce Stakes, , A.J.C. Champagne Stakes, First Foal j Stakes, &c.; Escort, another horse bred ! by Mr. White, secured the Welter Handicap ; and Magdoia, an appropriately-named daughter of Epigram and Coomassie, won the Company Handicap. Lancer, who is now 10 years old, appears to be as green as ever, judging by his gallant victory in the Rosehill December Handicap. This perform ance is nothing against his brother Lynd hurst, whom a patron of F. M'Namara's ! stable has just become possessed of. j The first day's racing in connection with Brisbane Tattersall's Club Spring Meeting j passed off satisfactorily. The Bulimba j Hurdle Race went to Singleton, who, if I I mistake not, is a New South Wales horse, by I Grandmaster, who is also the sire of the j Albion Stakes winner, Fiction. Refused won | the City Handicap, and it is something of a I coincidence that her brother Bendigo should ' be carrying Mr. Donald Wallace's colours to victor}' about the same time in Ballarat. Mention of Mr. Wallace's name reminds me that Piora, who carried off the Fairfield Han dicap at this meeting, is by his old favourite, the tiaxen-maned Waterloo, and Waterloo's half-brother Wbeatmeat sired the winner of the chief event, Governor, who is trained by the old Victorian trainer, Harry Walsh. The Merchants' Cup was won by Gresford's relative Dumb Boy, by Wellington from La Muette; Buttons, who was bred and is owned by Mr. Hurtle Fisher, but leased to another racing man, running third. ! Mr. W. R. Wilson, I am glad to notice, j won two races in Adelaide on Saturday with j Priory, who is by The Englishman from Con vent. Newmaster ran in Tattersall's Cup, I but although fairly treated with 9st. 31b. lie ! failed to play a prominent part, and was not I even placed, the prize going to the Sir I Edmund horse Simpleton, who won easily i from Boonoke and the Victorian-bred Mael ! strom. The Temora races were held last week, on December 4 and 5, and, with fine weather and good attendances on Iwrth days, passed I off very successfully. At the settling Mr. jHeffernan, the president of the club, said j that many improvements were contemplated, ! not the least important of which would be the erection of a new grand stand. The t Temora Jockey Club Handicap was won by Mr. J. Hugbson's Young Rapid, witli Snip second and Drumstick third. The owner of the winner also received a cup, the gift of Mr. T. Fitzpatrick. Mr. Tucker won the Railway Handicap and the Town Plate witli Goldlake, who is by Goldsbrough from Miss Phoebe; and Mrs. B. Heffernan's nomina tion, Conductor, was successful in the Ladies' Bracelet. The Maiden Plate fell to Mr. Lenehan's Pero, and Mr. C. C. Gibson secured the Hurdle Race by the aid of Pete; Mr. Hart's Rushlight won the Flying Handicap, and Mr. T. D. Hill's Drillmaster, who, I suspect, is by Drumstick's sire, Bandmaster, brought the meeting to a close by winning the Farewell Handicap. An attempt is at last to be made in England to prevent owners who start two or three horses in a race declaring to win with one of - them. The Duke of St, Albans, a prominent member of the English Jockey Club, has given notice of a motion to omit from the rules of racing Rule 141, which runs thus li Anv mviHtp intpndSnff In run hrn np mm Any owner mtending to run two or more horses in a race may declare to win with one of them, and sucli declaration must he made at scale. The rider of a horse with which the owner lias not declared to win must on no account stop such horse except in favour of the stable companion on whose behalf de claration to win has been made." The Americans evidently place some value on the Blacklock blood. At Hie sale of Mr. As tor's Ferncliff stud, one of the stallions named Qalore realised 30,000dol., or £6,000, at which prioe he was purchased by Mr. R. W. Walden. Galore is only five years old, and was bred in England; he is by Galopin from Lady Maura, by Macaroni. 1'hc next highest price at the sale was j>aid for a mare named Aranzai, by Bonnie Scot land from Arizona, 13 years old, auditor her Mr. J. B. Haggint the owner of Sir Modred and Darebiu, paid 7,700dol. He also gave 6,000dol. for a mam named Glidelia, by Bonnie Scotland from Waltz, and 6,000dol. for Persia, by Mortemer from Matchless, by Stockweli. 1 From Sydney comes the news of the death of Segeuhoc. At the sale of the late Mr. Andrew Town's stud, the hiotee yyas pur chased byJMiv John Hay, of GootaiL&tta;, and he was considered a great acquisition to the district A few days ago he was attacked by inflammation of the kidneys, to "which he succumbed,, Segenhoe was bred by the late Mr. Andrew Town, and as a yearling was purchased by the late Mr. James White.. He was a very fine two-year-old, and ^rhen he came forth to do battle for the Maribymong Plate he was greatly admired. He^re jtMfc the good opinion of his trainer, and came striding, a" W. Yeomsns on his, back' a manner that he soon bad^TOia, difficulties. He never did mttTOlrafihhfc. however, and Mr. Town re[ - .11% for stud purposes. He had a season or two at the HobartviJIe stnd, and claims a pretty fair two-year-old in Thirlmere. in Tom Pay ten's stable. Segenhoe was by M&ribymong; from The Fawn, and was full brother to Richmond, the sire of The Admiral. It is gratifying to know that there is a pro 1-ability of the financial affairs of "the Tss v» w,.v "Mowwai aitiuid VI Ml«: 18ft unman Racing Club being satisfactorily ^til^i. " Tam *o Shautcr,** ot the Tasmania# 6a>"s:—'-A special general meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club was held cm the evening of the 2Sth ult., at the chambers, ifhip Hotel, the business being to receive a report from the sub-committee in reference to the acquirement of Hie El wick propertr. and to authorise die committee to make the necessary arrangements to liquidate the existing debt and acquire that property. Dr. Hurler, who occupied the chair, said the meeting was the outcome of what took place st the last annual general meeting. Since then the sub-committee had taken a great deal of trouble to endeavour to come to some terms upon which the Racing Club might obtain possession of Elwiek. As a large interest was held by five gentle men, or the representatives of those gentle men, the sub- oommittee bad come to the conclusion that the best course to be adopted would i>e to purchase their interest in die property. There was. besides that liability, a mortgage of £3.000 on it. It was proposed to pay each of those gentlemen £250 for what had cost each of them £'1.»»j. It was known t'nat many of them would accept the compro mise. but in some cases there were estates to •leal with. The sub-committee considered it advisable to call a meeting, and it was tor those present, if they so desired, to authorise the payment of the £1250 to the pre sent holders, and acquire possession of lilwick. They could easily raise the addi tional money. There. vis also an old liability-, which that meeting, he supposed, had nothing to do with, but which wnaid have to lie paid by the club in the future. Messrs. Daries. Hayle. and Finisy. as mem liers of the sub-committee, had done their utmost to bring about Use purchase. Mr. H. E. Smith proposed, and Mr. Farmiio seconded—"Thatthe report of thesab- com mittee. as made by the chairman, be adopted.' Carried, Mr. Levies moved—' That the com mittee t>e authorised to make the necessary arrangements to liquidate the existing debt on the property, and to acquire the said pro perty _ and make ail arrangements for the transfer thereof." Mr. Hayie seconded. and the motion wa- carried unanimously. A vote "i thanks to the chairman terminated the' meeting." The loilowirig from the C--to. Oosfrner. will arause Ausiraiian readers:—"A couple of days ago two passengers by the O.L. steamer btroya. homeward" bound from Aus tralia. wiiked into this office, evaiejttly bent «»n owaining in formation of some sort. One was a stout, jolly-looking man of ruddy countenance, who might hate L-een the prosperous Botiirace oi a public-house: the "tiier a dry. cadaverous youth, whose horsey ox-ujsuio" was apparent in every: bne of Lis figure. ' We've come. sir. to know as if you'd so kind as to tell us wh-o's won rhe t up:' This with great earnestness, whilst ti:e nildcurei features' \--roke into a smile. "The <_cp—what cup?', inquire! ourrer>rt--e:.Ta::vc.t: sea as to' what was required. ' Whit cup '—why the Melbourne Cup." said the stout man. with evident surprise at not i-mg understood. ' It was run a week ago i>. more, an-i me atsd my fren'we t.'iought as "ow you'd be kind as to let us know i' Our manager was. of course.1 quite prepared to oblige the* strangers, but told them politely tluit Ire really did1 not know who iiad won the race, viiererq-oii tne following conversation ir.k place:—' ' Dyou nfcan to sat . mi. t;t.i: Mefiwunie Cup's been run, and you don't know who's 1 won.' 1 That's a melanch.dy fact, I am afraid.' ' Hoes a«;jl.-ody else here know, dye think' So '. I la turaid nobody docs." ' But,' with immense en.pliasis ar.-i"wonder-' ment. '-1'yonmeat.; Yu-H me. sir. that there's1 no one in tins ere p'a - cares to run to s 1 telegram on the tup V ' So. I am sorry to say no one here takes sufficient interest in 1 the result of the Uell-ocme Cup to go to the' expense of a wire. They will sit en all night: to await the result of the Derby" though.' | This fact, however, did not seem to excite any emotion in the breast oiour caller, except! a vast and boundless surpise that there' should exist any community in the world not! actually wrapt up in the result of the great I Australian race : so, beckoning to his friend, j With despair depicted on his countenance! i our portly visitor proceeded to interview the honorary secretary of the C.T.C., who, no doubt, supplied him with further proof r'tiat the axis of the racing world does not visible stick up in the streets of Melbourne." . Messrs. W. C. Yuilie and C'o. will hold an important sale of thorougbreds. at New market, on Friday, January 2. ' Mr. John Crozier has determined to sell his horsesj m training, an4 as the?- include some valuable I animals, they should create some verr spirited! bidding. The. two-year-obl colt Lord Gren- i vilie is a very promising youngster, and those who are in search of a horse to make a great j linrdleracer or steeplechaser can have! nothing better than The Lawyer, a slash-! ing big son of Savanaka. "Then there j is Prince Consort, who ought to nay I his way, and so should The De- ] sptsed ; a two-year-old brother to Clare, too, should pay his way. Mr. M. Jacobs's horses I are to lie disposed of on the same dav, and j his lot includes Tonrbillon, Despised, Arab,' Elworthy, Care, Tonga, Knight of the Garter,! The Bud, Aseotvale, The Scholar, and a two-! year-old colt by Robinson Crusoe from' Prioress. Several of these have proved! winners, and Aseotvale is, I think, one of the j most promising of oil the two-year-olds in training. The firm will also dispose of 20 well bred geldings and fillies, three and four years I old, on behalf of Mr. Henry Phillips; and for! Mr. Hi Griffiths, 10 two-year-old geldings and fiHies hy King Tom and Warlock from well bred mares. In conjunction with Messrs. M. Goold and Co.,Messrs. W. C. Yuilie and Co. will, on! the 29th December, sell, at Baimsdale, Mr. W. J. Boberts'shorees, which include 10 well bred mares, seven yearlings, the racehorse Sir Galahad, and others. ' At a meeting of the members of the Aroca Turf Club on.the 1st December, the "»q"sl statement was read, and it shotted a balance of £-14 2s. lid., which is-very satis factory. It has been decided to increase the sta&raatthe; oiwgal meeting to;£l30. The f&taed;^and th& chief race f^A,S.T-C- Handicap, Of 35 sove. ^5? A^iden Plate, -* Tri«L Steves, .Stewards' Cup, ap,lfe!lingr,TIack R.n.ce.«nd "Rtetnea for the principal t frtgu -jipn, aecretoty, Mr. A; January. America hi ^.^nog rrawfem'Slr. Augusts , Jisfcjhel W raceaemihierahto of stakes! !il*^^^^8v|r,'/£84i009,1 /L™ * j-Who , file three amounting to 7R550dol. Potomac is If the English Derby winner Sc. BIarc. from an American mare nested Sosquekauh*. Mr. Allan, the owner of Paddy, -who finished second to Wallaby in the Bendigo Jockey Club Trot has written to the com mittee of the Victorian Trotting Club to adjudicate upon the disputed question. The matter was discussed at some length. and it was decided that as only Mr. Allan's version of the affair was before them the committee did not feel justified in expressing an opinion and advised Mr. Allan to bring the matter before the Bendigo stewards again. He has requested the latter be referred to the Victorian Trotting Club to reply with their version buthave decided to adhere to their stewards ver sion, and will only agree to the decision being referred to the V.T.C. if the owner of Wallaby agrees. As there is no rule in the V.T.C. code to resolve the case. I cannot see how the trotting tribunal can do anything further to overturn the decision of the Bendigo Stewards. As Mr. Allan accepted the decision and competed in the second race it would appear that he admitted the correctness of the stewards' decision- At law I don't think he would have a leg to stand on. The case of the ix-key Tvcssi ; Green aalgli. who was disquskfifri if tfee R'Si.wt Thti Club. lias not yet eeri serried. Gree&haJgfc; . wrote s letter to the papers storing ths x-ke Elliott hao requested hnn Mayor L<-»eke Elliott had requested him to ; withdr.tw his attion gainst the chtK that ; the club wot!id pay all law expenses, 1 and give Greenhslgh a certain sura for him self. Greenhalgh declares that the mayor rave htm a cheque for £50 as an instalment. : He got the cliequ? right strong ii and cashed j it: "bat Major Ilihott asserts that it was' given merely as a guarantee that if Green-; halgh withdrew Lis case the club would re-< move the disqualification. and Greenhalgh; : was to hold ir until the matter was serried.j ; Major Locke Elliott has now instructed his' solicitors to proceed against Greenhaigh for ■ defamation. the action being :«ased cm a letter j ' written by the jockey to the Tiisa of iTf 'irt. " j In the advertising columns Mr. William> Traino- announces that he is prepared to. supply racing clubs with his patent hurdles. j Since Mr. Traiaor hist submitted his hurdle j to the racing public he has greatly iniprored it. ami it is now perfect. The metal foot is a great a-ivar.ee npon the old system, and I j ee Mr. Tremor's hurdles in use upon! hop? to see! meet of the racecourses. Mr. F. Bobbins is anxious to match his mare Mystery against any trotter or pacer in Australia, three miles, one event, lor £508 aside, and has placed £300 in the hands of Mr. Thomas Haydon, at his racecourse agency, to bind the match. This challenge to iioi'i good for seven days, and the match to take place in February at Elsternwick park. I beiieve Mr. Yates is willing to accept the offer on behalf of Wallaby, bat] desires the match to take place at Hoonee j Valley. The Tasnsanian Tnrf Clnb has received! very fair entries for the meeting to be held on i Boxing Day. Tire Christmas Handicap of 150 j ca« h*c ftlLvf r.-irh 17 trlti^Knrrmlw tr govs, has filled with 17, which namber includes tbeTasmnninn Derby winner Hopetocn, Mac onarie. Kronos, BnsyVdy. Jack in the Green, Compeer. and other winners in the island] There are 19 in the Railway Handicap, eight in the Two-year-old .Stakes, and seven in the Steeplechase. The Carrick clnb has also received excellent entries. What a pity the meetings clash. Mr. -T. B. Clark lias re-christened his £!'y by Goi.iSbrnr.gh from Algeria. At first she ' was named Algerine, but as Mr. Hangar had ; a mare of the same name at the sicd Mr.; * lark, in nefereifre to his wish, lias altered : his fi'Iy's iiame to A'J-rna. j The new steeplechase course at Epsom will, Mr. Mayger anticipates, lie com-1 nleteil in time for the next meeting but oue, j which is fixed for the first batui-day in thej New Year. In planning the new course, Mr. j Mayger Las had tlie valuable aid of the well- j known cross-country rider Torn Corrigan. who lias picked oat the most suitable places ] for the erection of the obstacles. There j will be seven fences in all—three | opposite ihe grand stand, two to the j ; right, one along the back, and another j j to the left. The distance will lie about two j ; miles and a quarter, and as the hotses will j : pass the stand twice, the steeplechases at i Epsom will lie among the most interesting | features of this popular and well-appointed ; resort Between the steeplechase course and i the course proper a training track is to be laid down, and no doubt in time many trainers, especially these who like not the over-curious tout, will seek the seclasion wliich the locality grants. In compliance with the new regulation of rite V.Il.C., which j forbids a paid official of a proprietary course | acting as a steward at such course, Mr. 1 Mayger has made an alteration in the list of stewards, Dr. Smith (of Dandenong) and Mr. F. M'Evoy having superseded Mr. A. A. Woods and Mr. G. Vowles, who, accord ing to theV.ILC.'s ultimatum, are not qualified to act in that capacity. I Hariy Goodman, who came over with Bel- i videre, Blizzard, Ac., returned to New Zea land on Tuesday in the Manapouri. Good man lias not had much luck in Victoria, and no doubt will lie glad to get back to his old home in the south. An unregistered race meeting, confiued to ponies and galloways, was held at Sherwood park on Tuesday, but it was not successful. Die weather was fine, but the attendance was limited. The Praliran Handicap (14 hands) was won by Guesswork; the 13.2 Hands Handicap by I'm In It; the 12.2 Hands Handicap by St Patrick; the 12 Hands Handicap by Octoroon ; the Supple mentary Handicap by Wodonga ^and Kuby walked over for the Hawksbum Handicap (13 liands.) Messrs. Campbell and Sons offered for sale by auction on Wednesday ihe racing 6tud of Messrs. Lazarus Bros., of Sandhurst, when the following lots were disposed of:— Grandee, 4 years, by Splendor—Colima, Mr. Miller, 100 guineas; Politician, 5 years, by Terlhiga—Blue Stocking,-Mr. W. Osljoroc.GO guineas; Camilla, 6 years, by The Assyrian— Buttercup, Mr. C. Glasscock,' 52 guineaB; and Madge,''aged, by Tne Drummer—Precep tress, Mr. C. Glasscock, 28 guineas. The hurdleracer Ironsides was alio disposed of, Mr. Wheclahan being the purchaser at 39 guineas, Mr. Haydon. has received capital entries for the meeting to be held at Elstemwick park on Saturday^ December 20. For tiie Hurdle Race tlicrc are 15, December Handi cap 21, Steeplechase 15, Selling Race -seven, ^rot 24, and ElBteruwick-park Handicap Tlie entries for tiie Epsom Meeting which takes place on the 23nl December are also eatisfactory, .There are 11- in tlie Hurdle ice, 17 in the Heidelberg Handicap, 21 in e Impeml Handicap, 21 in , the Trial 'ces, and 20 in ihe Mopdiolloc Handicap, . nee Ben Bolt and Bendigo shaped so well in Victoria, the sons of their sire, Newbold; have been sought after by Victorians. .Another has been secured from Queensland, land baa gone into C. Carters ,^,'5 name is Suuuboul, and he is by Xewbokl | I OMItC ^ o«auiwaug «w - ; fiota Galata, by Gotdsbzough from Modesty. , In the advertising columns this week will ! be found toe ptocramine of toe Baylesford : Turf Ciuh. The date chosen for the meet , icy is Wednesday, February 11, when the ; new coarse will be opened. There are seven : events, the chief item being the Daylesford Handicap of 50 sovu.. and special efforts have been malie to insure a successful meeting. The uew course has been levelled and laid oo*-r. with grass* and attention has been voted to the drainage. A new grand stand is to be erected, and after the meeting other improvements are to be proceeded with. The eoeise is ekee to the town of Daylesford, and if the public will only support the dub the prises will, no doubt, be increased in value. The Baninyong Turf Club will hold its annual race meeting on Tuesday, Decem'ner $X. when half-a-dozen ev ents will be decided, the graves pal item being the Baninyong J Handicap, of 30 so vs. The other events con sist of a Trial brakes. Hurdle Race, Selling Flat Race, Handicap Trot. and Handicap Font" Race. Tin tries vlose with toe secretary, Mr. R. Motfart. Crown Hotel, Baninyong. at; S p. in. cat Tpesday. December 23. Baninyong is one of the prettiest places near Ballarat, j and is worth a-visit, if only to have a look at j toe old village- ] At a meeting of the committee of toe A us- j trsiian Jockey Ciub a few days ago, toe ; license of a jockey named Frank Cleal was j withdrawn for having ridden at an un regis - j tered meeting. It is time the V.R.C. intro- j duced a rule which would enable it to deal • with jockeys in a similar manner. Mr. P. Sheldon, who has just completed a fine picture of Dreadnought for Mr. W. T. Jones, K«s been commissioned by Mr. Donald Wallace to paint a portrait of Carbine. The Ballarat Miners' Tori Club has issued j a programme for what is styled its Grand j Christmas Meeting." It contains eight ev ents, the principal of which is the Christmas Han dicap. of 30 sovs. Entries are due with the secretary. Mr. R. T. Ilsger, at Brophy's Hotel, Ballarat, before S p.m. on Tuesday neat. Mr. A. F. Bradshaw is in the field again with a programme of seven events, to be de rided at Mordialloc on IVcdnesday, December 24\. The various items are as follow:—Selling Hurdle Race, of 35 so vs.: Tea-tree Handicap, of 20 sots., for 12.2 hands ponies; Selling Race, of 35 so vs.: Carrum Handicap, of 20 sots., for 14 hands ponies; Mordialloc Han dicap, of 35 so vs.: Edith vale Handicap, of 20 soys. . for 13 hands ponies; and Richfield Handicap, of 35 so vs. Entries will close at toe oSioes. Bofrrke-street west. Melbourne, at 6 p-tn. on Monday neat. Entries for the Christmas Handicap, Flying Stakes, and Hurdle Race, to be run at Lanec field on Boxing Day. will close at 8 p.m. on Monday next with the hon. secretary. Mr. M. Foy. Mr. T. F. Murray, tie hon. secretary of the Kilmore Turf Cure, will cm Wednesday next, at 8 p.m., receive entries for the Handicap Hurdle Race, Kilmore Turf Club Handicap, Steeplechase, and Flying Handicap, at the Royal Oak Hotel, Kilmore. Nominations for the Yarra Glen races will close with the secretary. Mr. Robert Hart, at his office, Kirk's Bazaar, up to S p.m. on j Thursday next. The Lai Lai Falls Tun Club will, in accord ance with custom, hold its annual meeting on New Year's Day, and owners who wish to be represented at the fixture are reminded that entries trill'close with the secretary, Mr. J.1 A. Blight, at Hager's Hotel, Doveton-street. | Ballarat: on Monday next. The principal i events are the Handi sovs.. Lai La! FaUa TuritoiubCupof 75soys.. ' and steeplechase of 50 sovs, Entries for all handicaps to be run at New stead on New Year's Day are due with the ] hon. secretary, Mr. J. ('. House, at M'Guin ness's Railway Hotel, Newstead. at (juarterj to 10 p.m. on Tuesday next. Mr. J.H. Smith, of I.YruLex-rough, lias lost j his mare Maid of Erin, by Horatio. She was i kicked by another uuiiiul; and, intlammation j setting in, she die-L * Acceptances for toe South Australian] Jockey Club Races will close with the sec-re-' tary. Mr. A. O. M'hitington, 49 Currie-street, Adelaide, at 4 p.m. on Thursday next Acceptances and general entries for the ] Campbell's Creek meeting will close with the secretary, Mr. J. C. Greaves, Five Flags ( notel, on Saturday next, December 20. Acceptances for the Adelaide Racing C'lub ] Anniversary Meeting are due at 4 p.ut on I Tuesday next Mr. Victor Elkington. the secretary of toe j Winehelsea Racing Club, will on Monday next receive entries for the Boxing l)ay Meet ing. Tire Williamstown Racing Club has issued j a varied programme for its Christinas Meeting, which will be held on Saturday, December 27. It is-as followsHurdle Race, of 100 sovs., j one mile and a half: Maiden Plate, of 75sovs., fire furlongs; Christmas Gift, of 150 sovs., six furlongs; Disposal Stakes, of 100 sovs., five furlongs; Steeplechase, of 300 sovs., two miles; and Joyful Handicap, of 150 sovs.. one mile. Entries will close at 4 p.m. on Monday next, at Ilaydou's Racecourse Agency only, 491 Bourke-street west Mr. D. Greenwav has purchased the Queensland horse Lvndhuret, and the brother to Lancer will in future Ire trained by F. M'Kanrara at Flcmington. Messrs. Campbell and Sons report having sold toe jumping horse. No Name, by The Ace, to Mr. G. Rex, for 28 guineas. At toe Motibari flndia) races the Mer drants' Cup was won by Murnvyrtina, who will l»e remeurlrered as an occupant of Mr. S. j Miller's stable. Viilette, another Australian, j was second, and he had previously won the Bettiah Cup. Tire gates, booths, Ae.Jfor toe V.R.C. meeting will be sold by Messrs. Campbell and Sons, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, 29th inst The Wyndhom Racing Club programme for Saturday, January 10, appears this week. The Summer. Handicap of 100 sovs, is the leading feature, and in addition to this will be found a Trial Stakes of 40 sovs., Hurdle Race of 70 sovs.. Selling Stakes of 70 sovs., Steeplechase of 70 sovs., and Werribee Han dicap of 70 hove. Entries close on the 29to December. ' The EUpshurst Turf Club will hold its ] annual meeting on Friday, 30tb January. On Moada** " " oiirutuiunuu vv crsu pomes, tne property Mr. J. -S. Ho&ie.; The conditions of the Anniversary Stakes, to be run at toe TVilliamstowniueetoigxat the 26th January, appear this week., it is al i j: rbeA - handicap of&oOsovs.;, and the distance is one I mile and a quarter. Entries dZ^m iiou day, January 5. ' In consequence of Air. Bradshawc clashing with . Mi. jDox's date, tl»e Moonee Valley Trotting AIceting was not a success. The feature of the day was the treble victory of a' New Zealand horse named Woodlands, who was ridden by Keith, and the same jockey also rode Trixie. At Richfield Mr. Bradehaw had a very unsuccessful meeting. Xt was particularly unpalatable to the layers, tor every favourite won. With the exception that the Australian Plate had to be run over again, on account of the homes having started in frontof the post the Brisbane Tattereall's Club meeting ended successfully. Buttons won the first time, but in the race proper he could only get third, victor}- resting with Ralston, who was bred by Mr. Hemy Phillips at Bryan O'Lynn, and is by Paris from Lad}- SuSan, the dam of Colstoun and Jsolo. Beggar Boy would ap pear to be a much better horse than Scobie imagined, for he won the Nundah Hurdle Race easily, carrying the crushing burden of 13st, 21 b. Beggar Boy was for some time at Ballarat, but alter two or three unsuccessful J attempts Scobie sent the horse back toQucens- j land, where lie is quite a champion in his own | line. The Raker won the Valley Stakes, the j Victorian-bred Beck with, by The Diver, running second: and Dillon secured the Jordan Stakes. This colt is by the sensa tional Archie, who has got several winners in the northern colon}*, including Dan O'Cou nell, Belle, Stud Book, kc. Splendide, who was second, is a full sister to Grandee, by j Splendour from Coliroa. Sir Anthony walked j over for the Jordan Stakes, and Satellite won! the Sherwood Handicap from Lionel and Coronella. Neil Campbell informs me that he has four ! boxes vacant, and he is anxious to take two or three horses for any owner who may l>e in search of a trainer. He has been compelled to fire Scottish Oliief and turn him out, j There will be another race meeting at , Baxter 8 Flat on Wednesday next, when the i usual train arrangements will.be observed. Messrs. W.C. luiile and Co. report having soldthechestnut horse Seacombe, by TbeDiver from Nell Bolam at auction for 90 guineas, and privately the brood mare Theckla (sister to The Diver), to a well-known studmaster. Mr. Cox has received excellent entries for the meeting which is to take place at Hoonee Valley on Tuesday next, hut as the weighte have not yet appeared I cannot venture an opinion as to the probable results. Excellent sport was witnessed at Oak leigh park on Friday. Darkness defeated his whilom stable-companion, Ace, in the Selling Hurdle Race; and Care, a full sister to Britannia, unset a warm favourite in Skiff for the Trial Stakes. Skiffs performance was inquired into by the stewards, who, however, toiled to arrive at any definite con clusion thereanent. Rob Roy, a New Zea land horse by Puriri. ran a good race with Solomon in the Handicap Hurdle Race, but was beaten in the run-on by the "wise man," who, of course, was ridden by a party of the name of Cohen. Rewi, laden with 16 years and 7st. 31b., won the Selling Race, and afterwards found a new owner in J. King, of Caulfield. True, who never before looked so blooming—she is now trained by P. Kelly— landed the .Oakleigh-park Handicap in the colours of her new owner, Mr. C. Elhotfc: and Query easily disposed of lier solitary t>p ponent, Vaseosa, in the Summer Handicap. Before taking part in the Oakleigh-park Handicap, Hogmanay was sold to Mr. P. H. Reynolds; but the veteran, I believe, will still be trained by I. T. Carslake. After running unsuccessfully at Mordialloc, Smolensko was given away to J. Lynch. ScbiTcrnyas.~V.B.C. New year's Dav Meeting.— Nomianby Stakes—Cambrian, Cranome, My Birth day. Staiidish Handicap—Duuketd, Sea Song, White foot, Blizzard. Basrot Handicap—O'uaroo. Slonkc-ld, 