A SPIRITUALISTIC MANI- FESTATION. His Excellency the Earl of Stablemore, Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, was in a desperate rage. The Caetle season was not yet half through, and the number of social blunders committed by the officials of the Vice-regal Household had already pass :d its U6ual average. Not alone that; these blunders had become public property, and been made the subject of indignant articles and letters in the local journals. On that morning, the Castle had been made lively with a scene in the office of Colonel Desmond, who was responsible for the issue of the invitations to balls, &c.; No less a person than Hardress MacDermot, Esq., High Sheriff of the County Dublin, had been grievously insulted, a card of invitat oa for a forthcoming dance having been sent from the Castle, addressed to Mrs. Hardress MacDermot, who had been in - her grave over eighteen months. No wonder the feelings of the widower were outraged. All her life long it had been the ambition of the poor lady to receive an invitation to a small and 6elect Castle dance; an ambition only now at length fulfilled when circumstances no longer allowed her to avail herself of it. The fuss made over the affair by the irate MacDeimot reaching his Excellency's ears, the Private Secretary had to he despatched with special apologies and explanations, whilst the Viceroy's wrath was freely vented before thb Aidede-Camp. " Can none of you fellows give Desmond a lesson ?" he appealed to them. " He goes from bad to worse. I wish to heaven you could think of something to stop his blundering; he is destroying my chances of popularity. This last blunder is outrageous, and, of course, it has been seized upon and exaggerated by the newspapers. Just read the article in the Morning Mocker on ' Showering Castle Invitations broadcast into the Cemeteries.' For heaven's sake do something! I'm sick of d g him, it does no good." His Excellency turned abruptly away with these angry words, leaving his listeners, Major Fossyle, Captains Spicer, Twemlow, and Lord Blarney, to hold council on them. Lord Stablemore was much more popular with the staff than Colonel Desmond. Its members were, therefore, quite ready to give the Colonel a lesson, if only they could devise one. But it was a long way from the will to the deed, in the case of administering correction to a hardened and habitual offender. They racked their brains for half an hour, and parted with brows still troubled and perplexed. All but Lord Blarney's. And who had seen the fair, cheruby face of that young nobleman without its blaud, beaming smile 1 That smile that added so much to his popularity in society, where the scrapes and mischiefs his Irish blood led into gave him much light and leading. Even the grave blunder of Desmond and the troubles and wrath of the Viceroy could not dim its glory nor the touch of pensiveness in his candid blue eyes. As a general rule, Loid Stablemore had expressed himself justly—though, of course, too forcibly—in saying that it did no good to d——n Desmond. Nearly half a century of official life had inured and made him quite impervious to the process. Desmond was one of the oldest institutions at Dublin Castle, which is saying a good deal for the antiquity of his standing, older even than Fossyle. Like a stout old oak, he had struck fast root in the Castle-yard, and weathered all Vice-regal changes, each new dynasty finding him as it left him, firmly rooted in the soil. Bland, pompous, fussy, gallant, and gossipy, he was a typical courtier, with a practised eye for beauty and a firm belief in the roll of precedence. In one thing, however, his fidelity to the courtier type failed; he had a hobby. But all men, whether attached to Royal or Vicoregal Courts, have their weaknesses. The Colouel was a spiritualist. His views, originally acquired in correct fashion from a Viceroy of spiritualistic tendencies, had taken such hold on him, that, unlike his political opinions, they had not changed with the change of Government. On the contrary, they had strengthened with time. Spiritualism is not a brisk business in Dublin; like any other it fluctuates, however, and has an occasional good time. Such a one it had experienced at the be^ ginning of the year, just before the Caetle season. Desmond had assisted at several mo6t satisfactory Evinces. Marvels had been worked; spirits called in various ways responded to the calls; silly answers had been returned by mysterious voices to silly questions; unseen hands had poked and palled at Desmond, and thrust earthly flowers into his hands. Never had he felt so advanced nor on Bach intimate terms with the denizens of the spirit- world; in fact he was beginning to nourish the hope, encouraged by the great Professor von Hombog, that he might himself become a " medium " some day and have power to call up spirits. Had his Excellency been more observant in his wrath, during the private interview with which Desmond was honoured, on the subject of the unfortunate invitation to the departed Mrs. MacDermot, he would have noticed that his words were taking unusual and remarkable effect. For the first time in Desmond's official life a blunder bad struck home; the neglect of his dutieB had recoiled on him. To be responsible for an insult to Mrs. MacDermot, in the flesh, would have been nothing; it was quite otherwise with the poor lady translated into the sphere of spirits, and just at the critical moment when Desmond's ambitions were centred therein. The invitation was decidedly an adverse.stroke of fate. What atonement could be made i Unfortunately, it was a very slack week in the spiritualistic world in Dublin; their was no available medium to convey an apology. The idea of running over to London to consult Yon Hombog could not be entertained by such an important official as Desmond at such a time. Lord Blarney was going there in a few days; might not a message be conveyed through him to the Professor? This idea, too, was untenable; it would produce nothing but chaff. The Colonel's hobby was an unfailing source of ridicule at the Castle, one around which, indeed, the wit of the staff was in constant scintillation In fact, " drawing" the Colonel on the subject was a favorite pastime of the Aide-de-Camp's room, the warmth and obstinacy with which he invariably de fended his peculiar views giving it great attraction. Lord Blarney, suddenly called to London on the da> before the ball, accordingly left without being the bearer of any message, Desmond's mind had calmed down during the week; he had reassured himself that such a slight mistake could have no im portant consequences. Every one seemed to have forgotten it. Since the day of His Excellency's outbreak, there had not been the slightest allusion made to it at the Castle. It was best, then, that Des mond should forget it too. On the night of the ball he was quite himself again. There was a great deal to distract his attention; no more seleet dance had ever been given at Dublin Castle, Most of the guests were personal friends of their Excellencies. After the issue of that one unlucky card, Lady Stablemore herself had supervised the invitations. The spiritualist was completely merged in the official whilst Desmond performed his duties—much akin to those of butler in the best families—with his usual fussy zeal and pomposity. At intervals, when off duty, he sauntered about the rooms in the most approved courtly fashion, chatting with the prettiest women and most im portant men, watching the dancing in the Throne-room or the flirtations in the Picture Gallery and Long Drawing-room, In the latter, on one of his rounds, early in the evening, he became aware of a solitary lady seated at the end of the Toom, which was deserted, save by a few absorbed couples scattered here and there in close proximity to screens and curtains. Her isolated position near the door attracted his attention, as did something in her attitude euggestive of waiting. " An assignation! Byjove! it must be inquired into ! Delightful!" He chuckled with delight at the thought of discovering a hit of gossip for the smoking-room. The lady was unrecognisable, she sat so far back in the shadow of a pillar; she drew still further into it at Desmond's approach and, whether by design or accident, raised her fan until it completely concealed her face. The Colonel was nonplused. " Who the deuce is she ? She doesn' want to be recognised. A mystery ! De liciously interesting! How is it I don'i know the figure or dress 1" The latter, was somewhat remarkable in its dead blackness; standing out from it her arms and shoulders, even in the shade, had a dazzling, unnatural whiteness. The edge of Desmond's curiosity grew des perately sharp. To think that he did not know the weaier of that wonderful toilet, the possessor of those dazzliogly fair arms Seeing Fossyle at the top end of the room he hurried up to Lim. " Come along, old fellow." He slipped bis arm through Foa yla's. " There's some thing most interesting to be investigated here." " What is it ?" inquired Fossyle, allowing himself to be led down the room. " Hush, not so loud ! A mysterious fair one!" " Where ?" " Behind the pillar near the door. Do you know her? Who is she ? Take oare, don't let her see us. Don't alarm the pretty dear." Fossyle locked sharply from one pillar to another. " I see no one." " In the shadow of the far pillar ?" " Not a BOUL Are you dreaming, Desmond V " By Jove," cried the Colonel. " Have I let her escape 1 I cannot see her myself. She did not pass us in the room—she must have slipped out through the door." In much disappointment and excitement be hastily rushed to the exit, and looked up and down the corridor. Not a sign or vestige of any one was to be seen. Fossyle, slowly following, was utterly incredulous. The graphic description of the black dress and white arms failed to convince him. " Ladies, however ethereal, don't vanish into space. I know you to be temperate, Desmond, or I should have my suspicions." "My dear fellow," said the Colonel, testily, " I don't go in for such poor jokes, The woman was there a minute ago, just as I described. Indeed ehe seemed to make a signal with her fan as we turned." " To you ?" " Well—yes. It did look like it." " Ha ! ha !" laughed Fossyle. " I see it all now. She was a spirit. You are such a dog with the spirits, you know, won't spoil sport any longer. Farewell." FosByle's ill- timed jesting gave Desmond shock, bringing, as it did, a sudden nflux of unpleasant memories to mind. His blissful oblivion vanished, and a vague disquietude entered his soul. His lighthearted, gallant interest in the unknown lady changed into a deeper and more anxious feeling. For some time he disappeared from the rooms. High or low, however, he failed to trace her. No carriage had been called as yet; no guest had left the Castle. The servants knew nothing of her. It was with somewhat distracted mind that he fulfilled his duties at supper-time. When he had marshalled their Excellencies and the Vice-regal party into the supperroom, and taken up his place as sentry outside, both thought and care to an unwonted extent were stamped upon his brow. Opposite to him, at the end of the Picture Gallery, was the dancing-room door; not far from it, at the side, was one leading into St. Patrick's Hall. Desmond's wandering gaze was suddenly riveted on the latter; a sharp exclamation broke from him. He could have sworn that he had with his own hand locked that door at the beginning of the evening. Now he saw it elowly opened, and a figure appeared—the black lady of the Long Drawing-room! Even in the distance there was no mistaking the peculiar dress, white arms, and long fan. And again she was alone 1 Something very like a shudder passed over Desmond. How on earth had she got into St. Patrick's Hall ? With a quick catching of the breath he watched her curious, gliding step across the room. In the middle she paused and turned slowly round. The fan no longer concealed her face. Like her neck and arms, it, too, was strangely white. Was she looking at him ? His discomfort turned to something deeper. At this fatal moment Captain Spicer appeared upon the scene. Coming from the daucing-room he sauntered towards the lady. An instant of intense excitement for Desmond. What would Spicer do ? Would he notice her? Did he know her? "Thank heavens I" the exclamation nearly broke from Desmond; the intensity of hid relief shamed him. " Pooh, pooh " what a fool I was 1 A friend of Spicer's— an intimate one, too 1" The latter observation was called forth by Spicer's manner. He had apparently not said a word to the lady; at his approach, however, she had turned round and taken his arm. They were not speaking now as they come up the room, nor had Spicer even once looked towards his companion, Desmond, however, was gazing intently at her. He found, to his surprise, on her coming near enough for him to form a judgment, that she was not young, nor by any means beautiful. She was a pile, elderly woman, with many wrinkles and a peculiar stare—so curious, that an uncomfortable feeling once again came offer poor Desmond on finding it steadily fixed on him. Not only did the lady and Spicer interchange no word, but not even a single glance; the staring eyes never moved from Desmond. " What in the name of goodness does it mean ? Who is this oddity ? I'll swear I sent her no card of invitation. The whole affair must be inquired into." In the midst of his mingled anxiety and annoyance Desmond's attention was withdrawn from the mystery. The Vice-regal party had finished supper, and were leaving the room. When the necessary official bowing and scraping attendant on this exit had finished, Desmond at once turned to look for Spicer and his companion. Spicer stood close by at the door. But alone! The lady was not with him. No trace of her was to be seen. Desmond's eager eyes swept comprehensively and hurriedly from right to left; she had quite disappeared 1 " Hullo, Spicer!" he called out; " where is your fair friend? Is she not to have any supper ?" "Who? Which?" inquired Spicer. "The lady who was on your arm just now, who walked up the Picture Gallery with you not a minute ago." Spicer opened his eyes wide, and stared at Desmond. "What's the chaff, Colonel? I don't understand." "And I don't understand this fooling." said the Colonel warmly. "The lady in black. You have just walked up the Picture Gallery with her, I repeat." I walked up the Picture Gallery with no lady." " For heaven's sake stop this humbug." The Colonel was very excited. " It has passed being a joke." " I swear to you that no lady in black, that no woman of an'y sort or kind, was with me." Spicer spoke gravely. Stroking his moustache, he turned a serious glance of scrutiny on Desmond. " I cannot make out what you mean, Colonel. A lady in black 1" " Is it his lady in black ?" inquired Fossyle, who happened to come up at these words. " Ha, ha! That's Desmond's little joke this evening. Tried it on with me, too. Come along to supper, Spicer, Bring the black lady in to supper yourself, Desmond," Fossyle called out, leading Spicer away, " and introduce us all round She is evidently your own special guest of the evening." Fossyle and Spicer passed into the supper-room; they did not see the change that came over Desmond's face. A dreadful chill had struck his heart, the deadly effect of Fossyle's last words. Terrible revelation! They suddenly gave shape to his own vague fears. He, Desmond, had a special guest this evening. One who had come to him alone ! Spicer's strange, unconscious manner with the black lady was terribly accounted for. He had not seen her. To Desmond alone she was visible, she who had come at his call, who had taken the card of invitation as a summons to manifest herself! Mrs. MacDermot I The lady in black could be no other I He had longed for spiritualistic powers, and now he bad them. Never in his wildest dreams had he expected nor desired manifestations beyond knocks, floatings in the air, &c.; The power of calling up ghosts, visible to his own eyes, was far in excess of anything he desired. It was perfectly awful to think that he posseESed it. Before the hoiror now seizing on him, what pretence all his dabbling in the supernatural seemed ! The lady in black 1 Mrs. MacDermot, who had been eighteen months in her grave 1 Where was she now ? A cold shiver ran through him. What if she should appear again and find him alone in the Picture Gallery! A sudden panic overpowered him. With one fearful glance around, he recklessly abandoned his post of duty and hurried into the supper-room. At a table in the middle a party of the household were making merry, The Colonel was at once greeted by a general chorus :— " Come along. Here you are, Colonel And your black lady ?" Fossyle and Spicer had evidently set this unfortunate chaff going amongst the party. "This is your place, Desmond," Baid Fossyle, pointing to a chair near him, at the head of the table. " This chair opposite we have reserved for the guest of the evening, the lady in black. You have brought her in, no doubt. She is present, you know," Fossyle smiled knowingly at the assemblage, " though not visible to the eyeB of the uninitiated." " May we consider ourselves introduced ? Let us bow to the chair." These and similar remarks went merrily round. The laughter and jests acted as a slight tonic on Desmond's nerves. In a little time he found himself able to force a laugh or two. " Fill up your glasses; fill yours, Desmond !" said Fossyle. " I'll give the toast of the evening—'The occupant of the vacant chair! The invisible guest I The lady in black!"' " Here's to her health," said Desmond, with a desperate effort at gaiety. Lifting his glass, his eyes, like all the others, turned to the end of the table. " My G—d !" burst from him; the glass almost fell from his hand ; he stared back, half-rising from his seat. " Who has done this ?" he cried. There, as the end of the table, in the chair which had been vacant, sat the lady in black, her staring eyes fixed on him, her white face contorted into a ghastly smile ! " Who has done this ?" he repeated, hoarslely. " Bravo! Bravo ! Magnificent! Irving outdone! The ghost scene in Macbeth 1 Splendid !" came from all sides. " Hush ! hush 1" Fossyle interposed, amidst the uproar. " The joke is going too far. We have had enough, Desmond." " Colonel," said Spicer from the other side in a low tone of expostulation, " Their Excellencies have just come into the room." " There, there at the end of the table I It is a trick," cried Desmond, wildly. " You see her !" " Old fellow, are you mad ?" admonished Fossyle. " The whole room is looking at you." By Jove ! the joke has gone far enough. It must be put a stop to." Spicer rose, and stooping forward in hurried consultation with Fossyle, for a moment shut out from Desmond's view the end of the table. "One of you fellows," he called out, resuming his seat, " take that empty chair. We must end this. Their Excellencies will be furious. For heaven's sake, Desmond, let the joke stop here." " Joke ! Would to heaven it were one I" The wretched Desmond sank shuddering in his chair. " Oh, if the others only knew !'' Their light-hearted unconsciousness of the presence of the ghastly spectre made it all the more appalling. Desmond's eyes fearfully sought the end of the table, after their momentary withdrawal. A start, a stare, a smothered exclamation J He rubbed his forehead. The lady in black was gone f In her place the simpering face of young Twemlow alone met his gaze. Desmond gave a sigh of relief; he wiped the drops of horror from his brow. Thank heavens I they had thought it a joke. Let them chaff; he would keep up appearances now. Like Macbeth after Banquo's exit, he was a man again. " Don't you think that you owe UB an explanation ?" Fossyle inquired in a little time, when the chaff was beginning to subside. " We have had the joke, and now for the point. Who is the lady in black, Desmond ?" " Yes, yes, who is she ? Who is she ?" came the chorus on all sides. " Where's your discretion ?" said Desmond, making a desperate effort at gaiety. " A man of your experience, Fossyle, to ask such a question!" " I have an inspiration. I see the joke," cried out Spicer, suddenly. " She's Mrs. —What's-her-name, whom all the row is about." " She is—she is," shouted the chorus. " Well done, Spicer. Well guessed. Mrs. MacDermot! " He has rapped her up," cried one. She couldn't refuse his invitation," added another. " It was a command." A ghastly contortion did duty for a smile on Desmond's face. How awful the unsuspecting way in which they touched on the fearful truth. Oh, if they could only know! Accursed the ambition which bad led him to covet the power of seeing things invisible to other eyes; thrice accursed the hour in which he had attained it 1 " So, you fellows see it now, at last! Ha! ha!" The unhappy Desmond forced a laugh. " And now the the murder is out, we have done with her for the evening," said Fossyle. " Not till we toast her again, in her jown name," interposed Spicer. " Now, Colonel, once again fill up." " By, jove! I won't monopolise her place any longer." And Twemlow jumped up, laughing, and resumed his former seat, leaving the chair at the end of the table vacant again. " Now, gentlemen, fill up," said Spicer. " To the spirit world in general, the black lady in particular, and out next merry meeting." All bowed towards the end of the table. Desmond's teeth chattered, his trembling hand could hardly hold the glass. " Would that she were here," he managed to gasp oat, bowing likewise and raising his glass. He lifted his eyes; there was a loud exclamation, and then a crashing of glass on the floor. The Colonel had started to his feet, his chair was violently pushed back, his eyes glared wildly. The Lord Lieutcuant and his party, and indeed every one in the room, turned round to stare at the wre'ched Desmond. What did he care ? A frantic terror dominated him, shutting out all other feeling. There at the end of the table sat the gruesome spectre! She had a glass in her hand this time, and her eyes were fixed on him, as she bowed acknowledgment to the toast. Their feriible expression ! That smile of secret understanding and ghastly suggestion ! She was rising in her chair. Good heavens ! was 6he advancing towardshim? A wild cry broke from Desmond, his chair was flung back to the ground ; iu an in stant he had turned round and was tearing madly through the room, making for the door, unconscious of < very one and everything in his tprror. He looked neither to the right nor to the left, chairs were overturned, plates and glasses crashed from the tables as his portly form swept by. Never had a more extraordinary sight been witnessed within tbe walls of Dublin Castle than the elderly official's flight from the supper-room. With a loud slam of the door he disappeared from view. A simultaneous roar of laughter burst from the whole room, and all eyes turned in the tame direction, to the middle table. There eat the la jy in black still! And now visible, it was evident, to all eyes! Thrown back in her chair, as every one crowded around her, poal after peal of laughter came from her lips—in the woll-known tones of Lord Blarney ! <(< * * * * ' * " I don't believe that I ever worked a better practical joke," said Blarney that night in the smoking-room, wi'h tbe convinced air of a connoL-seur. " You fellows backed me up splendidly. I'll take my oath his Ex. won't have to complain again. The lesson will last Desmond all his life, even though her ^Excellency—bless these women's soft hearts—insists on having the secret let out to him. By Jove, I shall never forget his face ! It was awful at the end." The lesson did have a lasting eftect.: Desmond never forgot the experience of that evening. The fancied attainment of his' spiritualistic aspirations was also their death-blow. He was never known to attend another seanc e.—Truth. 