A BOHEMIANS NOTES. A I'Arifl corrcnpoiidcnb to one of the up- conntry inpcni tells a very queer story — how hu picked it up tho Spfiyux only knowB —of tho execution of a convict in New Caledonia. It nccmn tlmt hu lmd cscajKid lialf n dozen timea, killed two warucra, roldrcd fiuvcrn! nettlcrs, nnd rained Cain generally. In order lo put a Htop to thexo cheerful yaines, the uutiionticfl, after Ida lu.sL capture, ientnnccd him Lo death, and his head having )>ccn placed upon a atone, the executioner pro ceeded to xlowly saw it oiT with the lid of an old raueepan, while LSS convicts in iroim looked on. 31iu fixing u|xm fhu pre- vine number rcuiiinlH one of Ilill AdamsTa atary of- Waterloo and the million French finhlicm, nioutiy picked men ; but tho absurdity ia that no criminal haa )«cn executed in New Caledonia for many a long day. President Grovy would never aign a death warrant ; nnd it is only within tho liuit few wcek» that tho author itic» liavo iieen allowed a free hand in thin very ucccsnary direction. Neither i« it very likely that tho lid of an old wuiccpan would have been usod when thero were plcnlv of wood hatchets handy. An n matter of fact, there in a Ijraii new guillotine in Noumea, and it in now tft bo uned for tho cxprctin benefit nf Hioro gentry who havu Jiilncrto hecu allowed firnt to murder their gunrdn ami then to estapo (o Auntraliu. 1 should bo unrry td pen any man 'a bead fcawn off with the lid of an old aauccpan or to have nnd liiigi.Tiiig"niiniflhnicnt,htltitisgood news for Aiiatrnlia that tho convict Hyutem in New Caledonia in to ha in futiira aomcthing dilfercnt from tlio farco it has been in tbo pniiL When is a tired nnd wonry Hohominn to bo allowed to jiaas over I he now Knllii' llridgo 1 No far an tho bridge Ik concerned, tho work isovcr, but thuto i« troublu about tho approachofl. On tlin north hide tho City lathers arc rexpon.Hilila for tho delay. On tho south tho reprcflcntutivcH of Nouth Melbourne. Why nhouid lhi« bo? Thero was fu/ifl cuongh tn'ido when the hridgo wan in proccna of conglniction, nnd much talk of Government ntrokc. It ntrikra mo that Hie municipal ntroko in oven worse, utiles an election happenn lo bo on, ami then tho ncLivily in almost equal to that of an American drummer on a wuHtnrn trip. ' M. L)u Chaillu'n work, tho Viking Age, lian mndo a sensation in " literary and ncicntific circles," nnd moni deservedly so. Whether, however, the gentle Viking would l>o popular among tho ladioa of tho jircneni day in another question. In tho past lie wun not inattentive, to women, and wan not a Iwul hand at courting, a word now out of fashion ; Imt ho was by nn means a woiiicii'h hufTrago inan. Kays M. du Chnillu " Tho getieiul occu pation of ordinary women was to ndlk cows, prepare food and drink, serve the men, work 111 tho fiold, and especially mako tho liny, card wool, attend to tho clothes, wash tlio mon's heads, nnd pull off their clothes when they went to bed, a custom still prevalent in many parts of ttcandinavia." This sort of thing may have been very well with tlio hardy Norseman. Fancy suggesting it iu the " Sunny South !" Several columns in several newspapers arc now being devoted to a description of tho many practical jokes with which tho popular actor, Sotlicrn, used lo arnuso .him self at tho expense of other people.' They arc, doubtless, very entertaining to read alxiut, hntthny ninnt havu heun uncommonly annoying to tho victims thorcof. One wonders Indeed, that llmir facetious jxjrpctrator got ofT without an occasional practical proof. of nn- noyuiico on tlio jiart ol thoxo he victimised, nnd nno hopes' that tho almost exploded practice is not coming ino fasti ion again. Tlio fun of a- practical joko is, ntlho hcsk, only or.citidcd, and sonin of them liavo led to rcgrettahlo and iiainfnl conse(|ii'encca. It is not very long nineo a young hidy nf this city was frightoncd into a. serious Hlncs.1 through one oflhcea silly attempts at wit, and, w it is, Iter nerves liavo novcr recovered thmr previous healthy lone. There was sonio connotation in the fact that tlio perpetrator of the joke— it was of the ghost order— received a round thrashing from one of her mnle relatives, but tlmt did not undo tho luvrm that had hum done. In the army tho old practical jokes, such as " making hay" in a comrado's room, jKiint- ing his none, playing trick with his clothes, sowing up tlio sluaves of his mess jacket, etc., are now considered the very worst of form, and tho chances nro that any attempt to imitate tho whiniNicnlitiRs -t of Theo dore Hook or Mr Solkurn-. would land tlio Imitator in the prosatu territory of n police court, iu tho present day tho prac tical jokor occupies almut tho same stand among sonsihlu pcnplo as tho lin-kottlo Hcronudor or tho shanghai boy. llo in n uuixanuo, and guts treated ah such, it being fortunate for him that duuking in a horse pond is au much out of fashlou us practical Joking. When a judge of tho Supremo Court is hammered nut of all recognition by. larri kins, or tho Chief Cumin isMtonor of Police himself sot upon by a Little ltourku street inob as a mark of their appreciation of IiIh position as " head copper," there will prolmbly bo somo alteration iu thu present law with regard to tlicsu offences, so as to bring them wilhiu . the scope of tho lush. It is, no doubt, a cruel nnd degrading punishment. No 0:10 who has over seen a man soundly flogged would caro to witness the punish ment again. Hut among the niHiium who generally commit these us'inultH not ouly upon tho nolieo hut upniiunniVondingcitizcus,' it would neem to Im the only penalty dreaded. To many of thctn imprisonment, oven with hard lnlior, is as nothing, and thu State has to bear the expense of keeping them. When fines are imposed they are frequently paid by a general subscription, ami thu offenders leave tho Court to pre- pare themselves for another outrage at tho most convenient moment. lhiL they dread tho laoii, as ihuy do all jmin except that uf IiIowh received in tbohalf-drunketioxcUoniciit of a free-figlit. Tho heavy cuts of tho cat. well laid ou in tlio slUnt flagullatingynni, witli no chanco of brnviulo, Ivavo a- lusting recollection behind them, nnd tho paid oliicials can tell us how much a ropUition of thu punishment is dreaded. If, instead of a lengthy Imprisonment, tlieHO rnlJiiinu were treated to a stiff Hogging of twenty-flvo lashes, mid turned out inimcdiatuly to get their sore hacks cured nuthey bustenuld, without being attended lo in prison, thoy would, 1 faucy,l»ehavobeUcr in futuro. Au it is, tho policemen 011 night duty in thu Metropolis and vuburhs take their lives in thoir hands, nod surely they ought to bo cnusldored as of more vnluo tlinn larrikliis. As for .a civilian who goes in to help the police, ho is oven worse oir,for, btwitdu the chanco of being injured, hu nina thu rl»k of I icing not upou by larrikins afterwarda, as was tho awo tho other duy with tho young mau Wernlmrg, Lot mo ray a word or two on hcliulf or a timo-houored institution, which has hud lint hard imago in recent "revivals," 1 allude to IUchardson h Show, which, alas, I recol- loot very well indeed. 1 havo often visited KicliardBOit'n Show at Greenwich Fair in tlio day time, and have seen soumtimcs Thaekoray, sometime Dickens, Cruick- shank or Ul»rt Smith grinning, not at tlio perforator, but at thcaudiencu; und onrny re turn to towu in tho evening havo gono to tho theatre to ice Macready und Mr Warner, G. V. Hrooko and AIIiu Clovclund, Phelps and Mia Glyn, or Anderson and Helen Fancit. Couocqaontly I cherish no tllusloiis concondng H, but I must nay it was a great deal bettor than it " roprdduetion. Would any young dramatist liko to know how to writo a drama which would havo suited Rittburdson's Show 1 I qui tell him. Tako a standard melodrama, cut out all tho "cackle," retaining only thu speeches thut end with action, and only tho violcut sen tences of thoae. Retain the murder and situations, drag in a ghost, and light red fire in tho last scene. Richard III. was splendid for the purpose. Henry VI. had no great tenancy of his dungeon. Hospokc two or three taunting tines concerning tho popular tradition that Richard was !>orn with teeth in hi head, and then wa in stantly stuck, the only Lwo lines left for Richard of thu whole scene being— For tins among tbo rent wu I ordained, Down, down to bell, and ay 1 aeot thee thither. Condense every eccno of action into five line in thi manner, and leave outnll scene that have no action at all, and you will soon understand how thu hill included tragedy, farce, pantomime and a comic song In twenty minutes. Hero i tho actual last scene of a real Uichardaon'o Show tragedy complete : — Scene : A Forest.— F-ntcr villain from ontwiflitc aide. i'imt Villain : What ho, Bcnoldo ; what dost tlioti here in tho forest of llunglairio? Draw nnd dcfcud thy life. They fight — rather — for threo good minute, say, three hundred and fifty chop each. Second Villain : Behold, I see my mother's ghost ; I'll fight no more. . Firnt Villain Btalw him, nnd ho fall. Ghost rise with blood on her forehead uud her robe, blue fire and curtain. . I do not belong lo the noble ordor of deadheads who want an excursion steamer to themselves, and scowl when Jack from the counter and < Juno from the milliner' workroom como between the wind nnd tticir nobility. I find Jack and Jnno very companionable young people, quite a welt boliavcd a their , social superior, ami, indeed, lesa given to jump other people's - scat and to nuikc them- Eulvc conspicuous to other jicojile's incon venience. Therefore, 1 cannot understand for tho life of mo why certain per son who cater for Jock, and Jane, nnd ( invito ' their' custom and tout for it should hector and browlieat them when they liavo got It. But they do. Take a Bayntcniner any Sunday, and you will'have a very jolly, comfortnnle, pleasant trip. All Korts and condition of men and women' are mi board, but Jack and Jnno ure in tlio majority, and a well-dressed, well-inannurcd, good-looking majority they make. Tho Htuamer . peojile, oflieera, jtrovidorca, and steward know their way about and thoy mako .lack and Jnno exceedingly comfort- ublu. But when Jack mid Jane gctasliore their fate muttered. Juck is escorting, utuuy, not only Jane, hut Jane' mamma. Ho conducts those Indie to ' a big hotel, whose rulvcrtUcmcul and nigu hoard unsure him (hut ho is looked for. Tlio moment they enter tho room <Iack'u troubles tagin. "Carn't give yer three scat tcrgcthcr ; 'ore's ono 'ere unci ono at thi corner and ono over there." June' mamma KtlggcHt thut they Hhotild wait a littlu. " Carn't keep plusin ; licttcr take what yor kin git. 'J'hore'll he hnnuthor boat in prcncntly." Then tho trio 1 Erenaro to depart, ami the Hpcuker, scoing 0 ha gone too fur, grudgingly give them their pluccs together, u he could easily liavo dono at first. Are their trouble over? Not much. Jane' mamma scrutinise the bill of faro, chooses a dixb, nnd the young people follow her cxumnlc. Presently their platen are brought. "I asked for—" begins tho lncly. "Know yer did," way the waitress,' who, poor thing, can't help hcntclf, " but gooso w hotr and fowl i liotT and yer licttur take beef." And they do tnku tho Iwcf, nnd are glad to got it, and Jack pays .1 per heurl for it, which is tho same price lie would pay for a good dinner of novcrul courses at a Mob iKHirua.hotel, the meal helmslookcd forward to giving bis inamorata being not up to the mark of a sixpenny feed . in a slap-hang res taurant. Now you uliort-aiubtcd people w hb keep tho stalely hotels that fringe tho Buy, why do you go on 0? If you don't want Jack and Juno tako in your inviting signboards, whicb inform them tluit "hot dinner ore ready on Uio arrival of tholioat," ond let Jack and Jaue go their way. . Thu nrovidorcs on thu steamer already feed hundred whore you' feed scores; hut even score tell up.' When Jack make money and June is a matron, thoy will go gltfilly to all .places where their spooning timowas huppy, hut they will never como to Ho wa3 a criifity-lftoklngmiddlo-agcd man, mid sliu was 11 gusher hoyond all doubt, and lie luid tho privilege to sit next her in tho stalls of a theatre, mid she had talked to her mamma . mul her Mister, und her sister's young man mul nn ncqualntauco in front of 'her until tlio " litislic" nnd "Irishes" grew ominously numerous, and even tltc actor ou the stage looked pestered. At lost ho turned round, " Do, for hcuvou's sake ! hold your Umguo and lot us hear thu play;" " 1 shrnVt hold tny tonguo, and no mau alive bhatl tell nle to hold' my tongue. What impu dence." " Well at least ho lurid, . " turn your licnd the other way, then for your breath Is very nnplcasunt." That silenced .her, and untiring hut an occasional snill' was heard for tlio rcat of tho evening, it. may liavo been brutal, but thu provocation wun extremely great. What -an adtuirahlo husband Hint U to ho sure, whoso doings nro nnmilcd. .In the Now York 41 Truth", a paper by the way which is not always true to name, a thu florists pub it. Ho disappeared mysteriously seven years ago, unit on tho fnut of thu following month his wife re ceived au cnvolojK containing a tlfty pound noto and a card 011 wliiuli wore written tho words, 1 am alive und. well," Kvery succeeding month a similar curd and a fifty iHiund noto found Its way lo tho lady until last montlv, when the envelope con tained t W'» fifty pound notes ami the words, Hereafter you will receive a hun dred pounds ovory month until I soo you." I am sorry to sayl ktiow u great many wives who would liko just eiiali husbands, and not n few husbands would gladly compound with their wives in that fashion if thoy thought that tho> monthly money would keep the ladies quiet. A icnritrino friend of my own suggests, with ladylike acorbity, that 44 the wretch had gone oil and mnrricd a richer woman, " and then she added, "but even that must have liouu u relief to the poor soul he left" Why do> nob tho gentry who load the earth with great piles of oflicoB, that seciu to hang on lintul considerably, tako pity on tho woes of thu poor single men, ami turn somo of them Into sets of residential chambers. I will gunmutoo thut they will he tukuiMip with avidity ami at fair rents, too, ' .No widower or bachelor wants to ho hnthorcd with housekeeping, hut he dearly likes a pluco of his own, where he can havo his own furniture, piutures, books, erna- monts, and so forth, free from tho prying eyes of a harpy landlady, and, uhova all, where ho ran, when ho is going out of town, turn tho key, and he sure his place will to iniilisturlttd. Nor would Ihuro to any difficulty in gotting those Attaudiuits who, in thu London Inns of Courts, are facetiously called "Lnuu- dreuscs," because,! suppose, they ncvorwash anything. There are mnny hundreds of domesticated woman who would glndly go for a fow hours a duy to such houses, mako beds, sweep rooms, and tidy up gcmirallv in order to add to thu r Incomes. 1 Hvetl for many years in one of thu Inns of Court lit Loudon, and n very comfortable, pleasant, independent exudeneo it is, uud one which has jtiHb hecu successfully transplanted to .Sydney, where tlio first building d'evolcd to residential chambers was lot before it was finished, ami not u room lias heuu vacuut in it fliucc. 