CHURCH MUSIC. By Rev. M. J. McLaughlin. The Gregorian Chant. Under its own weight and the shock of invasion, the ancient civilization begins to break up and give way. The Roman Pontiff, Gregory the Great, lends his genius to the reform of Church music, collects, arranges, and adds to its chant and enlarges its scope, invents the octave, simplifies notation, gives an authoritative and wisely directed impulse, and leaves mankind the richer by a factor of incalculable worth in the formation of Christendom. That vener able chant has survived the vicissitudes of thirteen hundred years. It has come down to us in its austere majesty and spiritual beauty from the distant ages of . faith, as a voice into which have been poured in full volume the piety, the fervor, the sorrow, the gladness, the faith, the hope, the charity, the praise, the adoration of the faithful for forty generations. It brings us back over the steps of the centuries and in troduces us into cloisters where the spouses of Christ break the stillness of the night or take respite from the labor of day in chanting His praise. Its echo is come to us from the shep herd and the husbandman; it greets us as twe pass the wayside shrine; it rises above tbe hum in the shop of the artisan, and we catch a strain of it floating from the artist's studio. We hear it resound in the halls of univer sities and sweep heavenward in the pas sage of grand processions. It bids us enter cathedral portals, and we find it assisting at the ordination of priests, at , the consecration of bishops, at the conse cration of kings, at the enthronization of : Popes. Its sound has gone forth into alMands It ip heard on,the highaegs, isuihi-i?Qresjt, .ip; the-deserti #»e amped sayagehas Ijstenedto it hniS1 "ing!feg«a?;p»an of, everlasting> !triua> ph 'W. ke tieacbn, supplicates by |Wprt.eaij hjeues by the bishb'p. $o noble, "'id sacred is it, that the. Ciibrbh. cpinmie-j fjroriiril to act jof Sacrifice, abdbids 'it fraM^ bl thecoihitig bf fhe doly of &ojie;^ jpjfyr sent our petitions to our Father who is \- in heaven, and in return announce to as thist "peace whichpaeseth iflj un derstandibg." tVhat is theirb m' the realm of melody, outSide tbe angelic choirs, that cab replace this 'Staidly chant? The music "We 'pall' ffoftjmj though derived from it aWd hbWered with a richhiesB, variety, elasticity beyond words, bah never hope to copei with it inits own particular and exalted Sphere. If for no other reason it has been too long and too closely allied with the highest f unctionsof religion ever to admitof a successor. Its Preface, Its Pater Nosterare the despair of the greatest composers. They confers the inability of genius to produce a like or an equal. Criticism maystyle the chant rudeandbaribarbtiB, but that is the criticism of theheathen. "The eye," saysCarlyle, " seeS what it brings with it, the power of 'seeing." So it is with piety, 1 It is able to recognise and understand and appreciate in ft what ipapiotycan not, and it feels that its. notes fall, up on the odorous air and penetrate intpador ing hearts laden with an " Unction1 from the Holy One." It is the (lan-| guage of. prayer, it is the idiom of the saints. You have but to close, your eyes and yield to the .soothing; of iUi simple Tantum Ergo, to feel upon and within you the intimations of immor tality. . It iB the-daughter of Faith end Charity. It transports one to Catholic soil. It crowds the avenues of sense with the. sacred sights and soundai familiar to Catholic populations, and almoBt without an effort you are at one with the poet, who says: " I lift mine eyes and all the windows ■ blaze With forms of saints and holy men who died Here martyred and after glorified : And the great rose upon its leaveB dis plays Christ's triumph and the angelic sound delays With splendor upon splendor multi plied. And then the organ sounds and unseen choirs Sing the did Latin hymns of peace and love And benediction of the Holy Ghost; And the melodious bells among the spires O'er all the housetops and through heaven above Proclaim the elevation of the Host." Now, my friends, understand me; I do not say that we are to hare no music in church but the Gregorian chant; I have no right to say it. The Catholic Church has, so far as I knowJ never pledged itself so strictly to it as to exclude all music else. Upon its statute book I find no prohibition of this sort. But I do find that in the Council of Trent, the most celebrated in its record of reform, the wisdom of a majority of the Fathers decided upon giving the new music a trial. It would seem like a direct interporitidn of Providence that gave to Palestrina the grand office of proving successfully and acceptably to ecclesiastical authority what mighty resources for' good lay within the compass of nascent harmony. Bat even-though thaj; authority had shut it out from' the prebincts- of the Church,- there Would still be a Wide geld open to its exercise in the School and' the Sanctuary of home. As the case stands the schoo^ •and the home can be and ought to bd made a preparatiohVfortheChhrch. I believe that this' disposition is'in perfect ; acCord with the spirit of the Church'to Sake God's house of all places thein&Bt; " attriffeuve:'' 5 UnSpSakably' attractive it tioW is to the fervent believer, for'hajs \- he hot there a PreSehCe and a Sacrifice - -that' bind him totheeltarVfoot, a. > Willing captivC -to overinasterlng love ? ; 'Yet'5 the1 histbry of religious muBiq, while -it provSS Unequivocally that -if is hdt Stfititly heceSSary'to CdthoUewor #hip, proves also that it ieapftCN ornament and instrument of it, that it is an ettrabtion and ihoentive fco^pitt ' thatChriStlanity has at nit-time affected to disregard. I see no reason there to ifwwim ■'i munibh'|n that it is out of practical ■ja ajii vJCr a/u. a#:kIt; i reach to pave, whole, congregations joinl in' heart-stirring anthems. Th«& nebd not to 'masterpieces unless pf i&mpiibffj;! abmony. That great difficui stand in the way, no one I suppobeJ cares ^ to deny. I hate no Wish to minimize thetn, but certaihlyl haveiho' desiretb magnify theM. 'The Chureh' is divinely patient, it took her ben-; turiesto bring the Gregorian chant tb perfection and teach it to the variously descended people of Europe. Sheis ustomed to waiting and'she is itifafog jqgh to wait. Let the mhtiib1 she ^proves once find constant and ly$b-! matic cultivation in heb sehbolsand myriads of youthful voices sball ititrb duce'the sacred melodies into myriads of homes. " The child shall teach the parent," and that Baying of Holy Writ shall be newly verified: " Out of the; inouths of ibrahts thouhast perfected praise." In a generation thosebhild ren, become fathers and mothers in their turn, -shall -§atb^ their little ones' around them, and the Catholic home' shall be made still more Catholic in the! consecration the Catholic hymn shall giveit. What is the Cbhrtih but another 'home to the Catholic, 4rbo there finds himself indeed under his Father's roof and under his Father's eye. Under the influence of the strange emotion whibh that Divine Presence inspires,' what is to preve .t him from poUring forth his soul in the sacred canticles that have been in his lips since child hood. "Listen to the inspired outburst which cIobcs the psalter : Praise ye the Lord in His holy places; praise ye Him in the firmament of His power ; praise ye Him for His mighty acts; praise ye Him according to the multi tude of His greatness; praise Him with sound of trumpet; praise Him with psalter and harp; praise Him with timbrel and choir; praise Him with strings and organs ; praise Him on high sounding cymbals; praise Him on cymbals of joy. Let every spirit praise the Lofd, Alleluia. Such was David's, cry to the people under a religion of types and shadows. In the religion of divine realities Can the people do less than hearken to the voice of the prophet, and bring in the sanctuary of Christ the most glorious praise in the grandest form they are able to offer ? Shall not His dwelling-place on earth show forth some faint likeness to His courts in heaven, where we are told the voice of a great multitude, as the voiee of many waters, and as the voice of the great thunders chant, "Alleluia 1 For the Lord God Omnipotent hath reigned i" So should it be, so may it be in the temple of the living God There let the pealing organ blow To the full voiced choir below, In Bervice high and anthemB clear A s may with sweetness through mine ear Dissolve me into ecstasies And bring all heaven before mine eyes. 