AN UNEXPLAINED GHOST STORY. I have often wished the Phychical Society could throw light on the follow ing experience. Not long after my arrival in Ceylon I was sitting one evening, with a friend, in the deep verandah of our bungalow. Dinner, under the swinging punkah, was over; the tasteless viands, tinned entrees, and unappreciated curry, as usual, inspiring me with vulgar longing for one of those family joints I once abhorred. Coffee had been placed on the bamboo table by the noiseless, white turbaned 'boy,' as we called our elderly man-servant, of whose brown skin and gleaming teeth I was still slightly in awe, though a milder creature never lived. My husband was dining at mess, for the first time since our return from the honeymoon paradise, and, like most young brides, I felt rather aggrieved at his hankering after masculine society. We learn wisdom later, but just then I considered myself an important person- age, with my new-found freedom and smart trousseau dresses, after being but one among many, daughters at home. Mrs. May laughed at my woes, and gave me the benefit of her two years' experi- ence in the ways of men, which I inwardly hoped might be uncommon. It was a soft, 'languorous night; the searbreeze gently stirred the masses of hibiscus, flowers — so splendid a scarlet in the daytime — and the long leaves of the cocoa-nut palms. As the moon beams slaunted between the slender stems, our talk sank to silence, broken only by faint sounds of native music borne on the spice-laden air and the cicada's loud voiced love-song. Presently a woman entered the com- pound, and came along the path towards us. She moved swiftly, with the grace- ful carriage of the Cinghalese, a brass jar-poised on her head. I wondered idly what she could want at that hour. We made some remark upon the subject, and we watched the artistically-draped figure, the free, elastic guit — watched till, as she came quite near us, into the clear moonlight, we caught; each other's hands in sudden terror. She passed, turning neither to right nor left, but we had seen through her! My braver friend sprang up and rushed round the verandah; I hurried into the drawing-room, where the boy was setting down the lamp. The woman was gone! There was no cover at that point to conceal a child; she could not in the time have reached the outhouses. We searched everywhere, without result. No one had seen her but ourselves. We both saw the ghostly visitant, both saw through, the transparent body as through a sheet of glass. Could indeed be fancy, or is the 'undiscovered country' nearer than we think ?' — Mrs; Ewens, in New York Herald. 