? ' THE TRAMP'S RETURN. Back from the highway tho lindens wuvo .Their stately leaves in the deepening light. " Behind thom risos a moss-growu roof, Liko a lone groy ghost: in tho misty night. No liomo-light gloams . through tlio - brokon: uano : No houso-dog watolios tlioopon door ; ' No voicos warhlo a Bwcot rofrain ; No patter of footstops across tho floor. Lono anil deserted the old house stands, I11 shadowy grief by the linden trees.. . The nightrbirds flit through the silent rooms, Whore Boftly entors the evening brcozo. But whoro aro tho voices whoso joyous sound Mado morry each rafter aiid window pane ? Whore aro tho dear onos who watched with' ..lovo - 'V: ..." . Tho stops that pattered a sweot refrain ? - ; . Ono by ono, thoy'werq giirnqrodiu / / To tuo'fold of tho tender Shepherd's, euro ; . Wlio keeps from danger and free' from'sin A II who are guthorod and waiting there.. Until of tho number who there did' dwell, / With careless laughter, morry. arid free I ; . : But three worbleft m the cottago grey ' 'Neath tho moBB-grown roof aud tho linden tree. . . . .'-'A// - Fathorand motlior and youngest born V. Alono ivero left 'noatli tlio old robf- trob ; Alone .thoy wept o'er tho pulseless forms ; ; For the f noes tlioy nover agairi: could soo. ; 1 But buoyantyquth, with liis hopeful heart, <' Looked forth to the future with longing / - . - . - oyos'; ' And fathbrandmother, and homo andfriends WoroToft for tho boautyof fairor skios. . . . » / /»' Out on tho highway a ragged form' . Coniesfoobly along by tno broken gato. Who aro his frionds nnu where ia his homo ? Where is I10 going to-night so Into ? n /i</)iiin f tn tin alniiiiintl nf ntnn Homeless and friendless: hungry and poor ; Why docs I10 pauso in tho misty light, And sadly look toward tho cottage door ? Only a tramp ! to bo scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, Moneyloss, homeless, frioncHoss, mid lono ; Homesick and woary, heartbroken and poor. Only a tramp ! with a groan of despnir, lie tremblingly opens tlio brokon gato ; And feels through the awful stillness tlioro That ho hnB returned, alas ! too late! No loving voico welcomes tho tramp's return As f oobly ho totters towards tho door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless aud lone ; Tired and discouraged ; friendless and poor. No ono to pity him; nono toforgivo; No oiio to succour him ; none to caress ; No oiio to care' for hub ; siolc and alone ; God nitv the tramp in his homolessness. — Helen Bahton Dexsmobe, in Aural World. . 