:???-????? ??. -*-i*s ?-' ??? ?? ?.. - - ? Anniversary Day. OtJB 102RJ} YEAE. * $ffigs SATiosrAL holiday, some beasons foe keeeotg it. how it 'was kept. «? ? * ? n tea. goodly sight to see 'What HJeamn hath done ion this delicious land.' There are probably more holidays kept ia this country, and -with less reason for keep ing them, than in any other country . fat the world. Why, for instance, Australians should celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Wales, while they ignore the date upon which constitutional government was granted them, is a puzzle that the Australian of the future will be unable to solve. In the years to come the names of 'Wentworfch and of Lowe will be familiar to onr children's children, while that of Albert Edward will be of much less signific⪰ than the title *? George the Third.' But this day of all others in the year is an Australian holiday. 2fo saint's day this, its origin obscure and mythical, handed down to us through generations of ignorance and superstitions sectarian customs; no birthday of some prince, whose existence affects Australia less . than that of the smallest country roads and bridges representative of the people. The day we celebrate is the birthday of a nation, who, though an infant ia years, already occupies a place among the countries of the world. From January 26, 1788, when the ' first fleet ' anchored in Sydney Cove, down to within -a comparatively recent period, the English historian has troubled bifflself very little about U6, and the English public has known little more of us than that Australia was a place where they grew wool and dug gold, and where the ine'er-do-'well of the family could be got rid of for the pace of his passage money. Twenty years after the landing of Captain Phillip, Guthrie's geography refers to *' New Holland and the small convict settlement on its eastern coast' as ' a colony now become an object of importance to Great Britain.' In a volume of Hume and Smollett's History of .England there are 864 pages devoted to that period of British history from the accession of George 1H. to the ninth year of Victoria's reign, but beyond some alight references to Australian affairs, taken from the proceedings of the House of Cownons, the learned historians have not thought Australian colonisation worth alluding to. Fortunately the present generation and those that come after it are not dependent upon English writers for their country's history, and while we have such boots as Samuel Bennett's 'Austra- lian Discovery and Colonisation ' there - is no danger of our founders and their works being forgotten.- If the modern student has the time to spare from his sporting engagements, and his brains are not too much occupied with calculating the chances of a racehorse or the odds in favor of a particular runner at a handi cap, he might profitably occupy himself by reading the story of his country's birth and growth. The arrival of the Sirius (frigate) and the fleet of transports, and the landing of the first batch of colonists; the administration of Governor Phillip, and the mal-administration of some of his successors, is a narrative full of interest to the intelligent reader. The story of the gold discoveries in 1849, tho beginning of constitutional government in 1842, and the ? - inauguration oi the present Constitution in 1855, are all events that every Australian should read with interest; while the adventures «f our brave explorers supplies reading matter as entertaining and far more wholesome than all the accounts of all the British battles ever fought. iHow full of interest is the story of the trials and the disap pointments of the thousand odd early settlers who were compelled to go without the neees i slides of life until vessels could bring them from Batavia and the Cape of Good Hope. 'What a reply to those who would have us believe our country's prosperity and rate of progress less than that of any other. One hundred and two years ago the settlers were short of food until it ? could be imported from the East Indies and Africa. To-day we aro better able to supply Batavia and the Cape of Good Hope with the necessaries of life than they are to help us. In 1821 there were 138,755 sheep in. the colony ; there are now over 39,000,000. There are now in the colony about 370,000 horses, and over 1,000,000 head of cattle. We have a territory in New South Wales of 197,872,000 acres, and only about 6,000,000. acres of this vast area are unfit for occupation, and about 980,000 acres are under tillage. Figures, however, are not holiday reading ; . -btttthefewquotedareaneloquenttesinmonyof our marvellous progress since the day that Captain Phillip'ianded with his following of 1000 persons. In 1843 fche first Mayor of Sydney, Alderman Hosldns, waj$ elected. This evening the Mayor of -Sydney wiii, preside at a dinner in the Town Hall, a btrildinjj which, when completed, will cost ,£250,000, and tfte great hall of which, is one of the largest in the wosid, and will seat 6000 persons. Instances like th&se; might be quoted, and this issue -of the Evening Sews filled with them, ' without a reference to eur mineral wealth and what it has already done for us. The story of our goldfields albne would fill a volume, and their history, 'vrhen properly written, will be a book £hat all the world will read. Two tfears ago, the occasion of our hundredta anniversary, all theBe things were brought to 'our minds. Men looked back and wondered at theachievamentsof the past, and * their pulses beat quicker when they thought of the promises of the future. The workers in the old world have almost ceased to hope. The Aus \- traiian working man's condition of life is so highly favored, and his opportunities so . exceptional in the world's history, that to-day he stands in a position of independence and freedom, such as the most dar ing 'advocate of tiie rights of labor in Europe would hesitate to hope for. When we celebrated our hundredth anniver sary all these things were accomplished. To day, two years later, We are already within ]&&&gtrfeable; distance of another epoch, in out * history., another landmark in the ad vancement of Australia. Before the next Anniversary Day has arrived there is reason able cause for believing that the federation of the colsnids triH be well within the rang© of practical politics, anda ' United States of Australia' will almost be in the 'proofs' of the history of the future. Each year sees BOme new developments eat country's history, and each. Anniversary Day ,- - fiay well be celebrated by Australians. 'Tie most thoughtless of the holiday makers, who to-day are ' keeping it up,** is pzontl of bis country and its achievements. 'Tis 1 true that many of them— perhaps the majority of our yonih-'~-point to the battles of oar prize flghfors, the neetheBB (when they are bo dis posed) of our runners, and the fame of our . towing men with as 'much or more pride thaiiTtaey take in the political, commercial, bud social progress of the country. But this iB not half bo great an evil as it at first glance appears to be, and it ib certainly not surprising, * considering how wnnh our politicians as a whole' suffer by comparison with our Bportemen. The Australian knows that he is well led, veil clothed, and -ttell supplied with pocket money, and so he takes our commercial pros perity for granted. As to our social progress,, it ifl perhaps just as well that our youth should at present trduhlfrtfaemselves little about * that. 'Society' on the European model Would v-not4jnprove onr country one whit, and if left to ouraelvM we shall no doubt strike out a new line jft tikis direction, £b we have in others, that will lie an improvement on old fashions. Tear by ymste war twrte tot literature and the fine *rt& hayfvttu, and to such an extent * 'h»T«Vf .overtaken fa* mother country in Kris zmtct 'feat Jhe Australia* young ladies who v&m; *nd this girls -wild play the piano -are *i~ fiat Dfecokdng as great a nuisance here as tm m, syinpatiiette men have said they are in England. v By and by, w»BhaIl have a literature of bur own, but before thai; is acconipliBhed editora of journals will nave learned to accept 'ctipy' written «n both Bides of the paper, and the phrases 'not suitable/' 'declined with thanks' will not be allowed a place in the correspondence columns. It aB comforting to know that the good opinion we have of our m1v«b, and of onr country, baa during the last two or three years been confirmed ia somfe degree hy, distinguished visitors. Literary men from \- Xip'ndoa nave-spent b few weeks in our midst and Itave expressed their agreeable surprise at finding Aiuta&ia; [and Aturtttlians. bo nearly equal to 'jE ? ? ^^ 77: , ^ ~- — ^ ? ~* ? : — ' ? ' ? ^^ other countries abd other peepleifcnd have patted, us on the b&ck;, and told urto eontimie as we.ar6 £oi&& Actors and Jftfthotsj lecturers and lords, have: come among tut ibid derived pleasure and profit from their visits. lit is nothidg very, re markable for Australian affaire. to be discussed in the House of Commons; and people in England are beginning to leave off talking of the whole continent as ' Botany Bay.'' Although it is only 102 years since Captain Phillip landed the first batch of. settlers and the soldiers that wore sent' to look after them — although only a trifle over a century when an English fleet entered the Heads for the first time — we have to-day a warship of our own, flying the Australian ensign, and in a f ew~ months we shall have a eort «f half -share with England in a whole fleet of warships. Without measuring wur importance, therefore, by the arts of peace— anew and improved method by which most of us .desire to work out the country's salvation-^we can proudly point to our progress ;in the arts of war, tiie more European criterion of a nation's importance. We have had ©ur Russian wfcr scares, and we have paid for them in the purchase of big guns to defend our selves ?with ; we have our '? Wolverene ' and our sailors to man her. yards ; we have our military officers and our volunteers to ghe them an occu pation; and, more 'than this, we have had a 'foreign expenditure.' Whichever way we test our progress it will be ^foond that on Anniversary Day the jjeople do well to hold high festival, and that they do so keep the day is amply proved by the thousands who are holiday ma- king. One English custom we cer tainly do not follow ; it is that of 'taking our pleasure ' sadly. The 16^000 miles that separates us f rem ' home ' seems to have no serious effect upon our enjoyment, and the English custom re ferred to must have died in crossing the water, or expired with, the last English ruler of our destinies. Could Guthrie, when he re ferred to *'3Jew Holland' as 'an object of importance to England,' have seen Redfern Bailway station to- day, he would have inclined to the belief that we were an ' object of importance' to otif selves. Could the English historian, who forty years ago devoted 800 pages of his work to the history of the four last reigns of English sovereigns, have anticipated the result of Captain Cook's discovery, one of those pages might perhaps have been spared to briefly re cord the fact. If the shade of Captain. Phillip was permitted to visit Sydney Cove to-day and look upon the waters where the Sirius was the first vessel to, drop an anchor, he would return to the other world so proud a ghost that Lucifer would become modest by comparison. And bo we heartily rajoice, and on this day look back with wonderment on what our county was, with pride at what it is, and with hopes so bright, such promises'-for the future as men have seldom had. before. This is the birth right of young Australians. It is for these reasons we celebrate the day and cast aside the cares of business for THE PEOPLE'S PLEASURES. Nobody will for a moment deny that the Aus tralians love pleasure, or that they do full justice to a holiday ; and, despite the desire of a section oi the community to impress on the Government the necessity of curtailing the number of ' off days,' ABEiveraary Day always has. and always will be one of marked importance in New South Wales. Thanks to the arrangements made by the railway authorities the country people have had every opportunity of visiting the metropolis at the minimum of expense, and many have availed themselves of the chance of a trip, for the holiday is observed from one corner of the colony to the other. Conse quently the city is full of visitors, and on Satur day evening th« streets were even more crowded than usual, and the streets were yesterday and this morning filled with sightseers. Two years ago the statue of Queen Victoria was unveiled, and thither many visitors bent their footsteps 'to see what the Queen was like,' and her Majesty was, as a. result, honored with more admirers than is usual, and attracted considerable more attention than the Post-office carvings. The Centennial Park, another histori cal locality, had many visitors, and was much admired despite the fact it is still far from finished; but it nevertheless is now so far arranged as to give an idea of what it will be when time has been given for its beauties to fully derelep. It seems, however, as if the foundation stone of the new Houses of Parliament had been -forgotten, for the nwipll en closed space in the Domain does not appear to have been visited by a single sightseer. ? Everywhere a person went this morning picnic parties were to be found, and they were bound in every direction— ^down the harbor, up the rivers, outside the heads, up the line, or out to the suburbs. Boating parties got away from the various sheds soon after breakfast, and it must be noticed that the sad boating fatalities which have occurred on each of the last two or three holi days did not seem to be borne in mind by those who trusted themselves afloat in small craft. The customary amount of overcrowding was indulged in, and there was nobody with authority to put a stop to it. Half- deckers and dingeys are like trams and trains in one respect, for the more people they can squeeze aboard the more they may carry; but it is to be hoped nothing will occur to throw a cloud across the remembrances of this day. Thegrea-taquatic event is, of course, the Anniversary Eepatta. of which full particulars are to be found in another column. Persons to whose lot it fell to arrange pleasure parties must have had a difficult task to decide on where to go, and no city in the world could offer a greater programme of amusements than is advertised in Sydney to-day. Where all the people came from is a very open question, but suie enough wherever there was fun to be had there were people to enjoy it. TSlow, then, who's going down the harbor?' shouted the ticket-vendors on Circular Quay to passers-by, and thousands responded to the business-like invitation, and* parted with their silver coins, and .hastened to tpke their seats on board, 'the fastfist beat on tie harbor' — they are each and every one 'the fastest' — after which they waited wearily until the boat, which they had been assured was 'just a-goin' to start,' had at the expiration of half an hour started on its jottrney with a living freight about three times greater than, its registered carrying capacity — that iB the customary thing onholidavs, but Marine Board inspectors . can't be every where.; consequently, if one may judge by their -presence .they are nowhere. The floating jetties were well used by steamboat proprietors, and from all sides there was a continuous flow of people to that great starting point. St. Patrick's new Presbytery fond should be greatly augmented by the proceeds of the big -excursion to Chowder Bay and Athol Gardens, and the well-filled steamers which. left the Quay every half hour proved what every Sydnby resident knows, namely, that Chowder is lit once one of the most -4sligh.1f ul sntl most favorite spots around Port Jackson. Toting and bid were attracted by the announcement of the Waterloo Mission School Picnic at Pearl Bay, whence' the steamers Mikado and Pearl kept up a continuous service ell day, starting frem No. 3 Jetty ; and the Naval Brigade Band played at the floating Jetty in the early boure, atfccoctijlg Oddfellows -to the great Anniversary Oelebr&tLona; at the Avenue Pleasure Grounds on the {banks of the Lane Core Biver, where the celebrants were informed there were natty luxuries, including hot and cold vsAer tree. 'Now then, all piers up the river!' was a . cry at No. 4 Jetty, : and the Londoner who looked round in astonishment ?ftTiip'fc- mjg of the Hammersmith and Eichmbnd boat on the Thames found the announcement was, made by the PAttamat&a; Sxvet Company's agent. For the email sum of one schilling -the o»mpany undertook to give the esetuniioniBt a trip extend ing over thitty miles, but the travellers by the fast eteataere completed the iourney in but few instances, p-eferriflg 'to eaiap^and boil the billy in some shady nook by the river Bide; or to, spend the ifty at Correy's Gardens, where ±he-proprietor had ^attade every arrangement ; -fak-. the reception' tof;, vieitors. ; Aaotihey JoaMfctsantre for the diBi»telia&f; boats on P^JMfflBKIL'lL't 1 * |[ i I i''.'jl . I i ' ' III!'' ( W' Mi' Parra ni^»^^KHK^^!oye^EiViBr steamers started situated in tbat part of wieriJi^r^STOre intent on greater tbiii&B;' tkaii mere ^ferry-bojat trips. The HatirkeBDury fever bis noir become a great- attriic'bibn, and* recognising the fact, many of tlie steamship companieB detailed boateforBervice to Broken Bay and the Hawkes buiy, WentB. Jot* See aod Co despatched their .!'? ? . ' ' ?? ? ? ? '? ? ? :4'%f :' ? . ' ? ? ' ? .. ? j . ???.'*'.' new stttuner Bonftwong with a full complement of passengers at 10 o'clock', arrangements being made for the steamer to land passengers at Long island, close to the famous railway bridge, from Where the steamer Grand was to tafce them some ten mlloa up the river — a river which offers BOehic attraction^' rarely found. The ?Hunter Elver S. N. Co despatched two or three* steamers to Newport, also on the Hawkesbury ; and the Newcastle Company found inariy patrons for the commodious steamer Syd ney, which ran to Cowan Bay. But there were 6tilL other places reached by water which were visited by thousands of merry makers. Nobody could forget ' Beautiful Manly' and the saloon steamers departing from the Circular Quay had no need to wait for passengers — they were well filled in every instance before their advertised starting: time. Arrived at Manly, of course people could not pass the aquarium, which was, it is needless to say, well and deservedly patronised. The Baunain friendly societies united in- one grand demonstration at Birken head, where an art union, sports, and amusements of every kind were provided. ON tiAND. Every available kind of vehicle was taken advan tage of by those of the community who preferred to take their pleasure by land, and uncomfort able 'busses, dirty trams, carriers' vans, snug hansom cabs, buggies, all were in request ; and every known rendezvous outside the cvnfines of the city had large parties of visitore. The Bail way Department was rushed on all the lines, and tlia extra traffic was. met (without more than the usual confusion) by additional trains, and a staff of officials who either knew their duty — or didn't ; and the latter small pro portion did not trouble themselves to disguise their shortcomings. It would be difficult, without official returns, to say which branch of the railway syetem had the greatest business to-day, but from the appearance of the platforms early this morning the efforts o£ the Commissioners to 'push ' the Northern line have not been futile. Then, in addition to the attractive scenery on the Homebush-Waratali line, there was an oppor tunity afforded those people who objected to. a sea trip from Sydney of seeing the Hawkesbury in all its rugged beauty. The opportunity arose from the fact of Messrs. Thomas Cook and Sons, the tourist agents, having arranged for the well known steamer General Gordon to meet the morning trains at Peafs Ferry. The spacious saloon boat almost seems like a part of the river now, and visitors would hardly know the placd without the stern-wheel steamer was dodging around. Therefore, it was natural that the boat should have a full complement of passengers when she left tho wharf at the ferry. The trains for the Blue Mountains had been arranged very conveniently for the holidays, and large numbers of people sought relaxation from the usual monotony of city life among the famous scenery around Katoomba and Mount Victoria, while several parties announced their intention of taking a nurrisd glimpse at the Jenolan Caves. The Illa warra line is too popular to need comment, and the programme at New Brighton was not without its novelties, although, perhaps, sorae unenthusiastic minds would argue that the weather was somewhat warm for such exercise as dancing. ' Tastes differ, however ; and he who didn't appreciate the art of ' chucking himself about.' as ' Jack Shepherd' elegantly puts it, could find sport in the secluded confines of the bathE. But dancing must be popular among the public, for oar 'advertising columns contain announcements of several assemblies this evening. The turnstiles at the Cyclorama were kept going from . an early hour in the forenoon, and the registered attendance should be proof of the continued admiration the public have for the magnificent representation of the details of the great battle of Getysburg. The trams don't pay ! but the sale of tickets between 9 o'clock this morning and noon would represent a small fortune'. No matter whether the juggernaut was bound to Bridge-street or on the outward trip,, each one that passed along Elizabeth-street was crowded, aad of course the Government is not licensed to carry a limited number of passengers, in fact if a few could clamber on to the roof of the cars they would be found there. The largest business on the tram traffic to-day must have been to. the cricket ground and Sandwick. At the former there were thousands upon thousands of admirers of the game of games, and the brilliant play of the New South Welshmen who batted on Saturday was an excellent advertisement for the ground. At Band-wick the Turf Club of course Bcored a success, although the holiday spent there could not, unfortunately, be profitable to all the patrons of the noble sport. One would almost be inclined to think that the various amusements already mentioned would have taken up all the popula tion, but not so. Just ring up Bondi Aquarium, and ask the popular TnB.nft.gftr how he iB getting along 1 He'll, answer that he has a big crowd, of happy patrons about the grounds besides a lot more in the pavilion, and a ' gigantic programme' with an ' avalanche of talent' to entertain them. A dust storm at Bondi is something to be re membered, but an ' avalanche' deserves a place in the history of dates. Picnic parties are to have an unlimited supply of ' hot water' free at Bondi, and as no balloon ascent is «n the bill to be spoilt by the weather, the manager may live in hopes of keeping out of that commodity for Anniversary Day at all events. Boma-ntic Coogee also attracted unlimited patron age, and the usual amount of sentiment was, it may be surmised, coupled with the amusement. Of course the natural beauty of Coogee was to many an inducement,, but the great majority of visitors went to the aquarium, where there waean endless programme of varieties. Not the least worthy of notice among the day's events at Coogee should be the swimming contests, and the exhibition of ' trick ' swimming by Messrs. Corbett, Walker andjParHnson. But the roundof amusementsisnot yet completed. Travel in another direction. If any guarantee was required of the popularity of the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel and pleasure grounds at Botany, it would be found at once in the an nouncement by the Railway Commissioners that a special service of trams was arranged to run on that line all day. But, so well is Mr. Frank Smith known as a liberal caterer that no such in formation is necessary ; and although Botany has no particular attractions to offer, the Sir Joseph Banks grounds is amost compact and most delight ful resort. Everything desirable has been provided with a view to the uninterrupted pleasure of visitors ; and to-day everything was in full swing, the result being the entire satisfaction of all interested parties. Not a few people availed themselves of opportunities of. visiting the various parts of the bay in which the great Captain Cook brought his fleet to an. anchor in April, 1770 — eight years before the day we celebrate — and picnic parties were numerous along the banks of the river which bears the name of the famous navigator. La Perouse, Long Bay, Little Bay, Maroubra Bay, and all such places were well at tended; in fact, wherever one went there was merry-making on Anniversary Day. ' 