"the shot's stetjck the boat, tour honours, and sunk tter 1" in Ocean Tragedy. Uy w. clabk bussell. CHAPTER XL—cordinued, THE PORTUGUESE BRIG. I jteveb, beheld two more hideous men. Their skins were begrimed with dirt, and their colour came near to the complexion of the negro with sua and weather and neglect of soap; the hair of the seaman that wore the dirty red niglitcap fell in snake - like coils upon his back and shoulders, black as tar and shining as grease. He wore thick gold hoops in his ears and a faded blue sash round his waist; his feet were naked, and for the like of them it would be necessary to hunt the forests of Brazil. The other man wore a slouched felt hat, a pair of grey trousers jammed into half-Welling ton boots, a jacket confined by a button at the neck, the sleeves thrown over his back, whilst his dark arms, naked to the elbows, were hairy as a baboon's, with a glimpse to be caught of a most intricate network of gunpowder aud Indian ink devices covering the flesh to the very finger-nails. This creature had a very heavy moustache, backed by a pair of fierce. whiskers, with flashing, though blood-shot eyes, like a blot of ink upon a slice of orange-peeL We were in a group at the gangway when they came sputtering alongside, flinging down their oars and walloping about in the wildest conceivable scramble as they made fast the painter and clawed tiheir way up; and the instant theysfrere on out deck they both let fly at us in a torrent of words, not attempting to dis tinguish amongst us, but both of them addressing first one and then another, all with mieh laad impetuosity of speech, such ctniting of their bosoms, .such snap-' fcing of their fingers aad convulsive Blandishing of their fists, that the irrecog nisable tongue in -which they delivered themselves Tvas Tendered the most hope lessly confounding language that ever bewildered the ear. It was quite impos sible to gather what they desired to state. First they would point to our ensign, then to their brig, then to the long gun. upon, our forecastle, meanwhile talking with indescribable rapidity. Finn tried to check them ; he bawled, " Stop ! stop! Y-3U no epeakee English ? " but they only Stared and let drive again the moment he <&kl4d; his question. • ''There's no good iii all this," said "Wilfrid, "we must find out what they want. What the deuce is their language, Charles, d'ye know ? " *'A. sort of Portuguese, I imagine," said I, " but a mighty corrupt specimen of that tongue, I should think." " I will try them in French," said he, and approaching the fellow in the red nigtcap he bawled in French, with an ex cellent accent, "What is wrong with your ship? What can We do for you? " Both men shook their heads and broke out together afresh. " It was amazing that they should go on jabbering as though we perfectly understood them when one glance at our faces should have assured them that they might as well have ad dressed the deck on which they stood. " Try 'em in Latin, Wilf," cried L He addressed a few words to them in! that tongue, but his English accent ex tinguished the hint or two they might have found in the words he employed had be pronounced them in South European fashion, and after glaring at hint a moment with a deaf face the red-capped man stormed forth again into a passion of speech accompanied by the most incredible gesticulations, pointing to his brig, to our flag, to the cannon as before, winding up in the delirium of his emotion by flinging his cap down on deck and tearing a hand ful of hair out of his head. Our crew were all on deck and had come shouldering one another aft as far as they durst, where they stood looking on, a grinning, harkening, bewhiskered huddle of faces. I thought it just possible that one of them might understand the lingo of our grimy and astonishing visitors, and suggested as much to Captain Finn. He called out, " Do any of you men follow what these chaps are a-saying ? " A fellow responded, "It's Portugee, sir. I can swear to that, though I can't talk in it-" "Try them in Italian, Laura," said "Wilfrid. She coloured, and in a very pretty accent that floated to the ear like the soft sounds of a flute after the hoarse, hideous and howling gibberish of the two Dagos, as 1 judged them, she asked if they were Portuguese. The eyes of the fellow in the slouched hat flashed to a great grin that disclosed a very cavern of a mouth under his moustache 'widening to iiis -whiskers, and he nodded violently. She asked again in Italian what they required, but this fell dead. They did not under stand lier, "but possibly imagining that she could comprehend them they both addressed lier at once, raising a most irritating clattering with their tongues. "Itlooks to me," said Finn, "as if it was a case o' mutiny. Don't see what else can sinnify their constant pointing to that there gun and our flag and then their brig." I sent a look at the vessel as he spoke, and took notice now of a number of heads along the line of the main deck rail, watching us in a sort of ducking way, by which I mean to convey a kind of coming and going of those dusky knobs which suggested a veiy furtive and askant look out. She was not above a quarter of a mile off; the wheel showed plain and the man. at it kept his face upon us con tinuously, whilsthis posture, Liliputianised as he was, betrayed extraordiuary im patience and anxiety. The craft lay aback, the light wind hollowing her sails in-board and her ugly besmeared hull rolling in a manner that I suppose was rendered nauseous to the eye by her colour, her form, her frowsy, ill-cut canvas and her j sheathing of sickly hue, foul with slimy ; weed and squalid attire of repulsive sea growth upon the long and tender lifting and falling of the sparkling blue. There were some white letters under her counter, ; but though I took a swift peep at them i through Finn's telescope the shadow there and the long slant of the name towards, the sternpost rendered the words inde cipherable. The glass showed such heads along the rail as I could fix to be strictly in keeping with the filth and neglect you saw in the brig and with the appearance of the two men aboard of the schooner. Most of them might have passed for negroes. There were indications of ex j treme agitation amongst them, visible in | a sort of fretful flitting, a constant look ing up and around and abaft in the direc tion of the man at the wheeL I thought I would try my hand with the red-capped worthy, and striding up to him I sung out " Capitano % " He nodded, striking himself and then pointing to his companion, spoke some word, but I did not understand him. By this time the crew had come shoving one another a little further aft, so that we now made a fair crowd all about the gangway ; every man's attention was fixed upon the two Portuguese. It was so odd an expe rience that it created a sort of licence for the crew, and Finn was satisfied to look on whilst first one and then another of our men addressed the two fellows, striving to coax some meaning out of them by ad dressing them in "pigeon" and other forms of English, according to that odd superstition current amongst seamen that our language is most intelligible to foreigners when spoken in a manner the least intelligible to ourselves. We of the quarterdeck were beginning to grow weary of all this. The hope of being able to pick up news of the Shark -had gone out of Wilfrid's mind long ago f the humour, moreover, of the two crea tures' appearance and apparel was now stale to him, and with folded arms he stood apart watching their gesticulations and listening to their jargon—in which it seemed to me they were telling the same story over and over and over again—with j a tired air and a gloomy brow. I drew Finn anart. i " What is the matter with them, think you ? " " I dorn't doubt it's a mutiny, sir." "It looks like it certainly. But how can we help them ?" " We can't help them, sir. The best thing we can do, I think, is to order 'em ofE You can see, Mr. Monson, his honour's growing sick of the noise." I started suddenly. "Why, Finn, look!" I cried, "see! they have trimmed sail on the brig and she is under way!" It was indeed as I had said. Unob served by us, the people of the vessel had squared the mainyards and flattened in the headsheets, and there she was away to windward, pushing slowly through it with a brassy wrinkling of water at her stem, j her crew running about her as active as ants, whilst I noticed in the difference of costume that a new man had replaced the fellow who was at the wheeL "Mind," I shouted, "or by Jupiter they'll run away with the ship and leave this brace of beauties on our hands." A single glance enabled Finn to see how it was. In a breath he sprang upon the red-capped man, caught him by the collar, twisted his head round in the direc tion of the brig, whilst he yelled in his ear, "Lookee 3 lookee ! your ship go ! your ship go; jumpee, jumpee or you loosee ship !" Jt was not likely that the grimy creature would have met with a ghost of a hint of the truth in the •'lookees"and"3umpees" of friend Finn, but his nose having been slewed in the right direction he instantly saw for him self. He broke out in a long ringing howl, which I took to be some tremendous sea curse in the Portuguese language, and calling his companion's attention to the brig by striking him with his clenched fist between the shoulders, and then indicat ing the vessel with both arms outstretched in a pielodramatic posture that made one think of Masaniello, he uttered another wild roar that was no doubt a further example of Portuguese bad language, and went in a sprawl to the gangway followed by his comrade. In a trice they were over the side and in the boat and pulling furiously in the direction of the brig. " Better trim sail, Captain Finn, so as to lie up for that vessel," exclaimed Wil frid. "We must see those men aboard and the little drama played out, though 'tis vexatiously delaying." It was now blowing a very light air of wind, yet there was weiglit enough in it to hold steady the canvas of the Portu guese brig, even to the lifting of her fore sail, lumpish as those cloths were made by the boom that spread the clews, and one saw by the wake of her that she was stir ring through it at a pace to render the pursuit of the boat long and possibly hope less, if the crew refused to back their yards for the two fellows. The boat was a fat, tub- like fabric, apparently heavy for her size, and the rowers pulled with such alter nate beat and passion, that though they made the water buzz and foam about the bows, their motion was as erratic—first to right, then to left, then aspasmodic heave round as though they meant to return to us—as the course of a fly climbing a pane of glass. The whole picture was thrown out strong and clear by the background of sparklingazure water melting into a sort of trembling faintness off the horizon to above the height of the brig's masts against the sky, which from there ran up in a tint of deepening blue till it whitened out into gloiy round about the sun. The boat rose and fell upon the long ocean heave, splashed wildly forwards by the two rowers, who again and again would turn their maliogauy-coloured faces over their shoulders to yell to the withdrawing vessel. The brig's crew stood in a crowd aft watching, most of them, as the glass dis closed, in a loafing, lounging posture, their bare arms folded or their hands sunk in their breeches-pockets, whilst one or another occasionally pointed at us or the boat with a theatrical attitude of leaning back as he did so that made one fancy one could hear the laughter or the curses which attended these gestures. On high rustily glittered the amazing old weather cock or dog-vane of the saint in his boat, from which would leap with pendulum regularity a dull flame sunwards, timing a like kind of fire which flashed wet from the dirty yellow and sickly green of the hull, as her side rolled streaming to the noon-tide blaze. " I say, Wilfrid," cried I, " it doesn't seem, as if those chaps meant to let that boat approach them." "What's to be done?" he exclaimed. I looked at Finn. "If they don't pick those two fellows up," said I, "we shall have to do so, that's cocksure. But they are a kind of beauties whose room is better than their company, I think, as the crew would find out when we approached the equinoctial waters." " Ay, sir, cried Finn, " it would never do to have the likes o' them aboard, your honour," addressing Sir Wilfrid. " No, no, the brig must pick 'em up. Dang their cruel heartsl 1 never seed a scurvier trick played at sea in all my days." " But what's to be done!" cried Wilfrid impatiently and irritably. '' Could one of our bouts overhaul the brig and put the two fellows aboard her ? " Finn shook his head. "See here, "Wilf," said I, "suppose we let slip a blank shot at her out of that eighteen-pounder yonder ? The dirty herd of scowbankers may take us to be a man of war. And another idea on top of this!" cried I, bursting into a laugh. " Is there anything black aboard that we can fly at the masthead 1 It should prove a warrant of our honesty that must puzzle them gloriously." "Would a black shawl do, Mr. Monson V said Miss Jennings. "The veiy thing,"said I, "if it's big enough." She immediately went below. " I think a blank shot's a first class idea," exclaimed Finn, " but as to a black flag—" and he cocked his eye dubiously at the masthead, whilst his face visibly lengthened. "Why a black flag, Charles?" cried Wilfrid. "Why, my dear Wilf,—the pirate's bunting, you know. The rogues may take us for a picaroon—no telling the persuasive influence of a black banner upon the nerves of such gentry." "Noble! noble?" shouted Wilfrid, slapping his leg: " frighten them, Finn, frighten them. Why, man, they can't be all fools, and some of them at least will veiy well know that that ensign up there," pointing to the commercial flag at our peak, "is not her Britannic Majesty's red cross. But a black flag—Oh, yes, by all means if we can but muster such a thing. And get that gun loaded, will ye, Finn? get it done at oncej I say." TEe~sEpper walked hurriedly forward as Miss Laura arrived with, a black cash mere or crape shawl—I do not recollect the material. We held it open between us. "The very thing," I cried, and full of excitement—for here was something genuine in the way of an incident to break in upon the monotony of a sea trip —I bent the shawl on to the signal hal liards that led from the main-topmast head and sent it aloft in a little ball, ready to break when the gun should be fired. Meanwhile all was bustle forwards. It is a question whether Jack does not love filing off a cannon even better than beating a drum. Miss Jennings walked right aft as far as she could go, holding her lingers in readiness for lier ears and saying to me as she passed that sudden noises frightened her. Wilfrid stood alongside of me, glancing with a boyish expression of ex citement and expectation from the seamen congregated round the gun to the little black ball at the masthead. The yacht was slowly overhauling the brig, but almost imperceptibly. The boat maintained an equidistance betwixt us and was struggling, wabbling and splashing fair in a line with our cutwater and the lee-quarter of the Portuguese craft. The two rowers ex hibited no signs oi exhaustion, though I expected every minute to find one or both of them give up and disappear, dead beaten, in the bottom of their tub. "All ready forward, sir," shouted Finn; "will your honour give us the signal when to fire ? " ' As he sung out the group of seamen hustled backwards from the gun. and thinned into meagre lines of spectators j at a safe distance. " Fire!" bawled Wilfrid. j There was a glance of Same past the bow port, a roar that tingled through the decks into one's very marrow, and the sea turned blind with white smoie, iridescent, as a cobweb, over the bows of the Bride. I tugged at the signal halliards, broke my little ball, and the black shawl floated out fair from the masthead, as sinister a piratic symbol as one could have desired and not an atom the less malignant in significance for wanting the old-fashioned embellish ments of the cross-bones and skull. I saw the Jacks forward looking up at the sight with grinning wonderment. However, it was easy to see by their way of laughing, staring and turning to one another, that they twigged the motive of that wild marine exhibition. I sprang to the peak signal halliards and hauled the ensign down for the black flag combined but ill with the Union Jack, and then went to the side to see what the brig was about. Either she did not understand our meaning, or was resolved not to take any hint from us. She held on doggedly without a touch of the braces or a shift of the helm by the length of a spoke, with her people watching us and the pursuing boat from over the taflrail, a cluster of sulphur-coloured faces, as they looked at that distance, but har monising excellently well, I thought, with the dingy yellow of the canvas rising- in ungainly spaces over their heads and the sickly hue of the brig's hull with its shiny, pease-soup-like reflection in the water to the lift of the squalid fabric upon some polished brow of swell. " Wilfrid," cried I, " they don't mean to pick up their boat." "It looks like it," said be, "what's to be done ? There's something con foundedly insulting in the rogues' indiffer ence to our gun and colours." " Better consult -with Finn," said I. He called to the skipper, who came to us from tlie forecastle. " I say, Finn, what are we to do 1 We don't want those two filthy fellows aboard this yacht; and yet, if that brig don't pick them up, we can't of course let them remain adrift here." " Arm a boat's crew," said I; " you have weapons enough below. Take those two fellows out of yonder boat and compel the brig to receive them. HI take charge with pleasure if Finn '11 permit." Finn, a slow, sober, steady old merchant seamau, did not seem to see this. The expression of wony made his long face comical with the puzzled twist at the corners of his mouth, which looked to be, in liis countenance, where most men's noses are situated. " Or," said I, observing him to hang in the wind, "make them really believe that those are the colours we sail under," pointing to the shawl, "by slapping a [ round-shot at them in sober earnest, leaving the missle to take its chance of missing or hitting." "That's it," almost shrieked Wilfrid in I his excitement; " yes ! that'll save the botheration of boat-lowering and arguefi cationand perhaps blood-shed, by George! Run forward now, Finn, and let fly a round-shot at that ugly brute ; hit her if you can, no matter where, that they may , know we're in earnest, and that they may [ believe if they don't heave to we shall j sink them. No remonstrance, Finn, for | heaven's sake ! Jump, my dear fellow. Dash it, man," he cried passionately, with a quite furious gesture in the direction of the brig, " that's not the obiect of our chase!" Finn, with an air of concern but awed also by Wilfrid's temper and insistence, hurried on to the forecastle. I watched them load the gun a second time, and burst into a laugh when I saw two fellows rise out of the fore hatch, each of them hugging an eighteen-pound shot to his heart. "Only one ball at a time," shouted Wilfrid, conceiving very likely that they meant to double sliot the gun. "Ay, ay, sir,"responded Finn. The crew backed away as before. The stout, whiskered seamen, with a face that made one think of a red apple snugged in a setting of horse-hair, who had previously fired the gun and who was apparently the Bride's gunner, sighted the piece with a deliberateness that made me expect won ders. We all held our breath. I fixed my eye on the brig to observe, if possible, where the shot struck her. Then, crash! Had the cannon been loaded to the muzzle the blast could not have been more deafening. The thunder of it swept with a thrill, out and away fiercer than the tremble of the first shock, through the deck and was almost immediately followed by a loud and fearful yell from the fore castle. I thought the gun had burst. " Merciful powers! What has hap pened ? " cried Wilfrid. Captain Finn came bowling aft fast as his legs would travel, shouting as he- ran. " What is it ? what is it ? " my cousin and I roared out in one voice. " The shot's struck the boat, your honours, and sunk her!" bellowed Finn. I looked, and sure enough where the boat had been there was nothing to be seen but the violet slope of the swell softly drawing out of the cloud of powder- smoke that was settling in lengthening, glisten ing folds towards the brig! I thought I observed something dark however, and snatching up Finn's telescope from the skyliglit-top I levelled it and made out the head of the man with the red night cap holding by an oar or bit of wreckage. - I shouted out that one of the men was alive in the water. The dismay was uni-. versal, but there was no disorder, no" commotion. By waiting a little the Bride, even as she was heading, would have floated to the spot where that melancholy , red beacon was bobbing; but the delay | this would have involved was not to be dreamt of. \Vith a smartness that excited ! my admiration, man-of-wars-man as I had i been in my time, our largest boat, a six- j oared fabric, with sour old Crimp in the stern-sheets, was lowered and pulled away with splendid precision in the direction of the red nightcap. In a few minutes they had got the fellow in-boards; they then hung upon their oars, looking round and round; but the other unfortunate creature, he of the slouched hat and black and flashing eyes, had found a sailor's grave. I sought with the glass over a broad field of water, but could see nothing. Indeed there was not a vestige left of the boat save what the red-capped chap had clung to. "One of them Jailed 3 Heaven have j mercy upon us," groaned Wilfrid in my j ear, and his appearance was full of dreadful. consternation. j Meanwhile the brig ahead was holding ; steadfastly on, her crowd of people aft gazing at us as before. I took a view of them; they all held a sort of gaping posture; there were no dramatic gesticula- j tions, no eager and derisive turning to one another, no pointing arms and backward leaning attitudes. They had as thunder struck an air as can be imagined in a mob of men. "What they supposed us to be now after our extermination of the boat and j one of the two fellows who had sought our | assistance, it was impossible to conjecture, j Our boat, that had sped away from us : about four times faster than we were > moving through the water, hung, with lifted oars, over the spot where our cannon ball had taken effect until the Bride had slowly surged to within hail; then up stood sour Crimp. "What are we to do?" "Have you got both men?" bawled Finn, who perfectly well knew that they hadn't. "No; there was but one to get, and here he is," and Crimp pointed into the bottom of the boat. "Put him aboard his ship," cried Finn. " If they refuse to receive him, find out if there's e'er a one of 'em that can speak English, and then tell them thatif they don't take him we shall arm our men and compel 'em to it; and if that don't do we'll keep all on firing into 'em till they follow the road that's been took by their iollv-boat." His long face was purple -with temper and the effort of shouting, and he turned it upon Wilfrid, who nodded a fierce excited approval, whilst I cried, " That's it, that's it; they must take him." Crimp held up his hand in token of having heard the captain, then seated himself; the oars fell and flashed as they rose wet to the sun, every gold- bright blade in a line, and the foam went spinning away from the bow-s of the little craft in snow to the magnificent disciplined sweep of those British muscles. In a jifiy she was on the brig's quarter, with Crimp I erect in her, gesticulating to the crowd who overhung the rail. I kept the tele-1 scope bearing on them and it seemed to me that the whole huddle of them jabbered to Crimp all together, an indistinguishable hubbub, to judge from the extraordinary contortions into which every individual figure flung itself, some of them going to the lengths of spinning round in their frenzy, whilst others leapt upon the rail and addressed the boat's crew with up lifted arms, as though they called all sorts of maledictions down upon our men. This went on for a few minutes, then I saw the bow-oar fork out his boat-hook and drag the boat to f!:e main channels, into which, all very expeditiously, two or three brawny pairs of arms lifted the red capped man. Then four of our fellows sprang into the chains, handed the little creature over the rail and let him drop in boards. They then re- entered their boat and fell astern of the brig by a few fathoms, holding their station there by a soft plying of oars, Crimp's notion probably being, as ours was indeed, that the Portuguese crew would presently send our friend the red cap to follow his mate. We watted, watching intently. On a sudden I spied the red-cap in the heart of the mob of men that had clustered again near the wheel. His gesticulations were full of remonstrance; his people writhed round about him in the throes of a Portu guese argument, but it seemed to me as I followed their gestures and their way of turning their faces towards us, that their talk was all about our schooner, as though indeed their mutinous passions had been diverted by our cannon-shot in a direction that boded no particular evil to the red capped man. " They'll not hurt the creature, I be lieve," said I. "Call the men aboard, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid, "and get the Bride to lier course." 