1I1S OF THE WEEK. The Railway Commissioners aroused to being »» slated" in the correspondence columns of the Press, and they are not unaccustomed to hear unpleasant things about their " mis manage- ment" in Parliament. Thay.are, .of course,- officially tongue-tied, and cannot officially recognise complaints unless officially, made, and backed up with chapter and verse. But they are not silent because they have nothing to Bay. and the puerile attacks made upon them during the want of confidence debate might Well justify an indignant outburst. A more ludicrously trivial tissue of petty coinplaiuts was never before exhibited to the public, and a reactionary feeling in favour of the com missioners is tolerably certain to ensue. An lion, member's portmanteau, sent by a goods instead of a passenger train, was delayed— therefore the railways management is rotten, and the Ministry which has tolerated it should be turned out of office. A train is late in arriving al its destination ; a suburban evening train is rushed by people anxious to get home: a pointsman makes a mistake and presses the wrong lover ; and we are consequently invited to escape such contretemps by returning to the eld system of Ministerial muddle which pre vailed before the commissioners were ap pointed, and when the railway traffic was not half what it now is. The com missioners, when impeached for mismanage ment on the parcels question, point out that even a railway employe is not infallible, that 2,000.000 parcels are annually received and des patched, and that it would, indeed, be strange if now and again one did not temporarily go astray. They are accused of neglecting the interests of the country districts, and in reply point to the network of country lines which, since they took office, has been spread over the face of the colony ; they cite the express trains put on, the concessions in rates (totalling £$00,000) granted, the roads, sidings, plat forms, stations, bridges, cranes, and wharves they have constructed for the convenience t»f the country producer; they point to a train mileage record which has doubled since they took office. The commissioners are further accused of. neglecting the railway interests of the metro politan suburbs, Hawthorn in particular ; and their reply to this is that Hawthorn has 100 trains a Jay, enough to take "its population to and from Melbourne two and a half times a day; but they cannot avoid crashes when the people, who come into town by half a dozen morning trains, all rush to Prince's Bridge sta tion. aud endeavour to crowd into One particular evening one. Then, again, it has been made a charge against the commissioners that their ' :i>physe are uncivil ; and to this they reply i that few complaints are made to them, and ' these few are strictly inquired into, but of vague, indefinite complaints in the newspapers, they have a sickening superabundance. It has been made a constant reproach to Mr. Speight that he declared our railway system to be " the best in the world." What he did say. and what he still says, is, that in no city in the world is there now a better accommoda tion than on our suburban lilies. It is evident then, that if the commissioners could " talk baek' in "The House " some of their Par liamentary critics would have a bad time of it ; but when all is said and done, there is still room for serious dissatisfaction with our rail way service. Its great weakness lies manifestly in the con str uctive branches the extraordinarily delusive estimates of the cost of constructing railways in the past .is unmistakeable evidence of this. The Bail way Bill -of 1884 included fifty-three lines, representing 1,180 miles of line, the official average estimate of cost being £3,900 per mile. These lines are not complete yet, but those completed have cost on the average £5,647 per mile — an -increase of 42 per cent, on the estimate. Parliament must share the responsibility of .such absurdities -kn construction as the " FitzroycockBpur," biit tke engineering branch of the railway sendee must bear the whole responsibility of each grossly fallacious estimates of cost. We are now entering upon a new epoch, of railway con-: str action. A great Bailway Bill will shortly be before Parliament, and it is in the highest degree important that the country should know at least approximately, to what expenditure it is pledging itself. The Railway service should be strengthened in its weakest part— the engineering department — which should l>h brought up to latest date in technical methods as well as scientific knowledge.- . The Chaffey Brothers, whose names are now familiar in Australian mouths as household fords, may claim not only to have " dis covered," but to have "created" Mildura. Their South Australian colony of Renmark is ladvauced hr the march yawj "k them. 5 Bizo Anjf tofig copteey and the growing In i odhcfi",4obk 4i y ery udtdouB : ina- (fibebha: ? m J »f ifhe?rcDlony ?' by rinyitingthe?, ; M? pf Ied otdyf % P1#' tbe jeppudit ure ofrniUcbit-aC jchanqrfsotajble ualsL ; Qtoni |vidth , pi a|jpffipr 4 been. i capable _pt raising 'tee " enormous1 £ > 200,000 galldtfe per minuted partly ercbtfed fihd partly in process of erection ; subsidiary channels to distribute the waters of the main channels have .been formed, and; there ,-qre on every hand evidences of gam®;: cfnterpras; which . .. ere / long; reap,;. . a rich3- reward. liildura' is; ihdeed, '' a unique Australian settlement, hut it .is only' reasonable to expect thiit before maby years; have passed by it will be only due of mauy in which the mallee wilderness, long abandoned to fiie rabbit and the dingo, will flourish like green bay tree and blossom like therosp, " /. ii'f :: Years ago Charles Kingsley shoiredjthfe British" public in what hideous deptksofcgtedatipn and misery the " sweating »? systemlemgedtl wretched victims. Trades-unionism was in its ' infancy then, and the position of the tailors has' since improved greatly; yet the sweating system still holds its own in England, 5 as Besant has graphically depicted in " The Children of Gibeon," among, the workgirls of London' — the button-makers, whose toil is as constant and whose existence is Us wretched as Hood's shirt- maker. But here, iu democratic, trades-uniomstic Australia, it is a startling and disagreeable surprise to learn that the "sweating" system has obtained a hold, .that there are women amongst us who work seventy-two hoursa week for the wretched pittance of los., and girls who earn only 3s. 6d, ,m the same hours. It is a public calamity that such things should continue; moral and physical deterioration must ensue to the sweater's victimE, and the trades association pf the work ing tailors is most interested in bringing about the abolition of a system which both degrades their craft and reduces by the competitive force of illegitimately cheap clothes the rate of their wages.. But the difficulty is to find a remedy. All home work in the tailoring trade is not done by the "sweaters." There axe not unfrequently circumstances under which the taking home Of work is a direct and great benefit to the worker. The widow with a young family which she cannot leave : the girl who is the support of an invalid parent ; the enfeebled tailor whole un able to stitch through regulation hours, but who with the assistance of his family can still earn a livelihood for them and himself — all these find it a blessing to be able to get work from the City Warehouse, and earn the bread which otherwise would be wanting, or be but the bread of charity embittered by the waters of affliction. But the victims of the " sweater " are not such as these, and the problem of how to save them from their bouI and body destroying slavery is one which must be worked out. Legislation can do something, public opinion njLore;. bqt the most efficacious, means of .''fe weeping, fire, "sweatees den' from, the face t)f: Australia, where ij; should never have been allowed to, exist, lies ;in a trades-union; of ; the home, workers." This has already been projected, . and what else is needed to accomplish the de sired end will "doubtless be forthcoming, Tor public feeling is strongly stirred, and a meeting of citizens' has been convened in Town-hall to consider the question from the standxjoint of public— not mere .trade— r importance. The Licensed Victuallers' Association some time ago commenced a crusade against Sunday trading, with the design of securing the en forcement of the law, which prohibits it, so straitly that a revulsion of feeling would ensue, and fiie law be repealed. The" device was ingenious, and the campaign was prosecuted vigorously; evidence was collected wholesale, and an immense " black list" of publicans who con tinued the old practice of breaking the law was. published in the organ of the Victuallers' Association. But Inspector Ellis, whose par ticular province it is to. discover and bring to judicial bopk the breakers of the licensing law, when interviewed .on; the subject, frankly announced his belief that the association cam paign wifi fail;' and thg prowcutions in a majority of cases result in acquittals— not' because tfaer oases are; weak, or : the Witnesses unreliable— but because the magisterial benches Brill not convict. This r isra bold, a very bold, and a breathTtakizigraway statement. < pur Justices gaieially bear, no very high reputation : for legal knowledge.. They are sometimes wondrously obtuse ; but : that they should de liberately and from motives of self-interest, fihd in contravention of patent- facts, un- controverted evidence, , and indisputable law, is indeed an astonishing , statement. , , : The charge— for change it really is made by In spector Ellis jagaiiist our J.P.'s, is not levelled against the regular occupants of the Bench. " The police magistrates he relies npon, but two J.P.'s oan outvote a P.M. on the bench . The regularly officiating honorary magistrates are not impeached either ; but the charge is that prosecuted the Bendh js Very , pequBly ma|lstiIwbi> |uter? thecourt. Cjansudh thhigs is; Jpeotor ElliB himself suffeg.'from , tlia parr . atialj|;y,i:which ;:;«»ndsiinaM ; Who decide. against , him. in , prosecutipiis wtiich rt hini8elf ha9 inetituted ? "o /.jone' likes td be beaten, and we would prefer to -that Insp actor Ellis, sees things through the, exaggerative spectacles of exceoslye official rather than bslieve teat PdvihQhorary uagistrates are unreliable and '' corrupt in licensing ca ses. But our magistracy should be, dike the wife of Caesar, "above suspicion, and it ;|t findeniable that ppie5 yepr strange dC- cieione have been given. Inspect Ellis ftiig- ffests that all licensing' cdsSs should be tried by |P.M. s alone; and .the suestidn; isJYigither «unrea4oaable nor iuijacticable. The adoption such a course wquld, at all eyentsfaBsure thO d>ubli(ux)f eveir-banded justice, andobyiate the possibility of grave - imputatibuS being for the ; dqture cast upon(tlle- honur.-and impartiality of . aur unpaid magistracy. : ; : ' SvAK.IIill, oiufflikuowii Cases' DoBningt&Bj-; 5 ?and long regarded as' ilie Ultiina /JClivile of Victorian civilisartiorr. has now lost the .inaccessi bility which in the was for a long ttmo-ite1 leading . -charaxiteri?tic The rivexme toWa.ean ad>wbbiread$edlXby<rd3-; it has direct steani comnaunicationv, witbr Mel bourne, and tlie tedious steamboat j bumeying ' down the Murray, dhe dreary coaching across the nortei-west plauis, " or j the long lonely rides through mallee scrub, which had' to be endured ; in olden times in :order to gain the township — are now quite things of the past. The -snort of the iron horse has a metropolitan tone alwut it ; a cit ified air clings to the rail way carriage, and the railway ..station itself is a, tangible evidence- of . touch with the .bnstlihg centre of -commercial, intellectual, and political life of the colony. Swau Hill has not been a sleepy hollow of late years, but the progress which it has made ;v wilTbe rapidly accelerated possesses what it has long deserved —a -railway. -The opening ceremony. -Was. not devoid of eclat, for Earl Hopetoun per formed it, and for the first time since its foundation, Swan Hill was honoured by a gubernatorial visit. That liis recaption was hearty, loyal, and enthusiastic, goes without saying. Governors are very much rarer than black swans in the North-west, but apart from the especial circumstances of hia visit, Lord Hopetoun deserved a warm reception. Governoes in the past have been too apt to consider that their duties as representatives of Her Majesty begin and end with the metropolis, and that the most that up-country residents can expect from a viceroy is an occasional flying visit to one of the great mining cities. But Lord Hopetoun realises that the country supports the City, . and has stronger claims to consideration than in these centralising days are generally accorded to it. He believes that the Goverilor of a great colony should know it and its people throughout, and is setting himself to leamby personal visitation something of the out- of-, the- way parts of the colony. That "this course of action is a judicious qne cannot be disputed ; it strengthens the cordial -feeling between the Queen's representative and ihe people over whom he is set as Governor ; it enables him more fully and intelligently to discharge the duties and obligations of his high office ; and, moreover, as those who really know rural Victoria, know full well it is an undertaking which well repays the trouble and occasional discomforts involved. Lord Hopetoun does not confine his visitations to within the range of a boudoir carriage, and in traversing a portion of the mallee country on horseback, he has, we believe, inaugurated a series of vice-rsgal progresses through the outlying partsof the colony which will greatly add fo diis 'personal popularity, conduce to his pleasure, and largely increase his knowledge of Victorian affairs. ' ' ' c r' The discussion of the West Australian Con stitution Bill in England has naturally excited keen and general interest throughout the Australian colonies. We are all for federa tion now, or if not just now, in some cases, at least in fiie immediate future ; and we do not wish tqsee one of the provinces of the coming Aimtralign;. Dominion sart ip. autonomous political life hampered by restniclivb cqndi tions at variance with those under which the self-governing colonies exist. The eighth ; clause of the Enabling Bill has been regarded in the Eastern colonies as a hind of menace to the future concord of Federal Australia in relation to the Chinese immigration question.. The; clause reserves from the West Australian , Legislature Jhepqwer to pass laws prohibiting the landing of "British subjecte" in that; colony. Now, India's dusky millions pf surplus coolies, Hong Kong's and Singapore's swarming thousandsof Chinese hewers of woodand drawers of water, are British subjects. . But Australia is firmly, of opinion that this island continent is,' and shall be, "' a white man's country," andf objects most strongly to the free importation . qf either Chinese or Hindoo cheap labour, and fire attendant evils: of an alien race emplanted, among a people of European blood,, instinets, and civilised requirements. - Hence the Chinese Bjestriction Acts of fiip past, and hence, also,1 the anxiety in the present lest the .new .consti- tufcioh of WeiBtern Australia should render such legislative precautions 'against Orien tab labour invasions nugatoiy. But West Auetralia is not troubled over this question, . for it has already — a circumstance which apparently escaped the notice of the political leaders of the other colonies— passed a Chinese Restriction Act on very similar lines to tee measures in operation in Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia-. It is, therefore, unnecessary to raise the ghost of the anti- Chinese agitation in con nection with the West Australian constitution question, since it is already effectually laid- Professor Huxosy's dictum, tfiat a square nile. of sea-wil! riijppbrt more life than . fiifice ajrea ' sti lao|irjiere gpragticril; som-ceyr quarrelwith tee IJmfetateK ald Newfoundland is nqw; mrnyuisions about alleged French encrhjffiehtR pn- her fishery fights. Franqe has been aBserlidgher indubitable treaty rights on file Nwfouinllaud coast, and cablegrams have sehsatioaaRyijannounced /'The Invasion of the British mpire''in Consequence ; Of |e laudlag IpnG th slipre of that far- famed island of a squad Freute jlpuccdiiS ' 4 cblcgtpms proclaimed that ! tee-Bfcltisit- Ariny and- Navy were consequently wpjpath, that the Bermuda sqitadronibld: Ibett notdered up to Newfoundland, and that a rejment of British iinfantry andtwjf had re- ceived orders to St. J ohn's. However, the'e&blegrams; were not Ibng in contra_fficti4gM|; Riid it turned . out that the was simply epiliag -north. in- jiprsuaue. p£- .its- cpsfcomary sumnier nanfeuvreR11 ifpr teeiaVancbi e$r " yeljr |ad there wg&pofcgjmdg; ; tion , to be shorn of its regimental oriia- P A Wimes of tee but ifiie curious jacAs rthat France Ha» undoubted- coast of a British colony , and is asserting them. It is very te tee uffialritenfeof the isle pf dogs and A>gs, but EnglEuid is a stickler f or treaty obli gations, and cannot ' 5 gpi baTk/' on her plighted ; faith, even if that he 170 years old, let alone the feet that such a course of action would entail war, France was pnc.e the owner of Canada, : and the possessor of territorial rights in New-I foondland. General Wolfe obliterated tee French force in Canada, and the treaty of Utrecht, concluded in 1713, 1 made England supreme In N e\vf oundland, saye, and oxeept that a portion of the shore of that islafid was re served to France for piscatofiiil pur suits. Subsequent treaties left the French fights unaltered, for 1 . the value of the Newfoundland fisheries was not until quite re- cent years adequately appreciated. Disputes were frequent between the Newfoundland and tee French fishermen, and in 1885, by the Paris Convention, France surrendered a large portion of its Newfoundland coast,- but unfortunately for the Newfoundlanders, the portion which' iB of the least value as a .fishing grounds The trouble has been constant since then, and is now apparently coming to a. head, which will necessitate the re-opening of negotiations with France. England will not, and Newfoundland cannot, take the French coast by force of arms, and France with certainly not give it up without an equivalent. What is the equivalent to be — cash, or some Pacific archipelago? The sur render of the New Hebrfdian neutrality, perhaps ? 