Sketcher. — — - 0TTT OF THE BARENESS. BY 0. Lilbie. George ! I believe In ghosts, and I've los my Oog.' - "Was the remark with which Paul Western greeted me, and however much I mignt have felt inclined to ridicule such a uuuoie- oarreued announcement, I was res trained by tho genuine distress visible in my mend's manner. The night was cold and stormy , and I was sittnig alone mmy chambers in Gray's Inn, getting Up a tlireatricai brief, whon "Western .walked m and made tho above statement. I a once pushed papers and programmes j ' wheeled him an easy chair round, ann hnrirt In rii \\-i 1 1 You know Gipsoy.' 'Why, of course I do, Paul.' 'Yon know how much I eared for that dog, you imow wnab a fund of humour, right down doggish humour, ho Md beneath that black and white coat of h's ; and as for fighting, for downright regular milling with the gloves 2u-' -that fox teirier hadn't Ms match this side of Whit week. The way he'd go and lean his nook np against another dog's — wMch was Ms way of invitation to a sorim- I mage was perfeotly human and lovely. AjM then the ways he had with him. ' No dog, sai l he to himself, 'crosses my master's threshold. It's true ho permitted no dog to enter my studio ; it was awkward at times, 1 admit. Early tMs year when I was in Gromer I took him with mo, certainly. Well, he got to look upon the hotel where I stayed as belonging to me— as a. new kind of ex tended studio, in fact ; maybe he thought there wo rather more visitors than nsnahbut the other dogs— it was tremendous, j-ou know, other people had dogs coming with them, naturally enough, and, moreover, thoro was one lived in the house. Of course it was shameful to go for that one dog, bnt he did. I think they com promised the matter afterwards. It was a big brown retriever, called Bosco, and it used to fling Gipsoy round tho room like an old slipper. But, bless you, he liked it — he used to fasten Mmself on the retriever's ear like an earring, which grew mighty awkward for Bosco. However, they compromised. No . doubt Bosco explained that he had lived there for some years; but the other dogs, George — it was awfull Often I had to leave lunch hur- riedly, owning to a frightful racket in the hall. I always knew what it was! I always founda couple of waiters, the boothoy, and "u -wft-coieu stranger trying to separate a k couple of acrobatic dogs, and one of the per- formers was invariably Gipsey. The worst-of it was I never could persuade anybody it was all humour on his part — just sheer good ani- B mal spirits, born of much exercise iu racing over sandy flats and inhaling too much ozone ' I 'Now look here, Paul, I thought you said when ' r. ' a "ffaMe, I must tell yon this. You know I've just returned from Flanders. I couldn't well take Gipsey there, though I know he'd have given the rest of hit tail to have worried a poodlo. Another thing, he . never hit a dog less than himself; he'd hurry them into tne gutter, maybe, and leave- them there, but he never fought them. No, he al- ways preferred one the size of a haystack, some thing that he could leap at ' ' Now, Paul, just pull up. Yon said when you came that you believed in ghosts, and I imagined I was going to hear some conclu- Jff sive reason or other.' His manner oliangc d a little as lie s-.id, ' I will tell yon now.' Western relit Ms pips, took a few prelimi nary whiffs, and began. 'A fortnight ago I was at Burgos. Before Btartinv I had left Gipsey at my uncle's Louse in Regent's Park, and it seemed that during my absence the dog had been in the habit of visiting Hamstead once a week, .where he spent most of the day sitting on the doorstep of my shut-up studio ; he always \- turned up again atn ight a little dejected and very hungry. The night hef ere I returned from Barges, so my uncle told me after wards, the dog had escaped from the stable- yard and presumably gone on Ms usual de tective errand to the studio. This time he did not come back. A week went by, but Gipsey never returned. I visited the sur rounding police-stations, and paid a couple oi visits to the Dogs Homo at Battersea, 'but no Gipsoy ever greeted me ; lost, stolen, or killed, I gave him up. 'Late one dark Mght, as I was entering my door, something brushed hurriedly past, and then lurnedonme — a strange gaunt dog, that I at once kicked out of the place ami closed the door upon — then I he- ird a whine. George, I scarcely like to. think of it now, bnt I knew at once why it wa'3 so madlv scratching to got in, and when 1 opened the door, in bounded the gaunt dog again, poor old Gipsey, as thin as paper and as black - as a broom, but so glad to see me and so for giving of thoso ruthless kicks, hat he did not know how to testify Ms joy for the next iwujiuura. me concluded no doutt that it was entirely owing to Mm that I was found : yon understand I don't for one instant sup pose he ever dreamed that he had been lost. No, it was I who had been lost, and ke had boen working bard to unearth me — I suppose ' dogs do reason — ' 'I say, Western, yon distinctly said yon had a ghost story, and hero you aro winding on ineffably about this dog.' 'All right, I am making for the end, I only wanted to oxplain the intimate relation ship between my dc-g and me.' 'Never mind the intimacy ; yon told me you'd lost your dog, now you've found it again ; so lay the dog aside and call upon the ghost. ' It's true,' replied my friend, gravely, ' audit happened yesterday. We went to my uncle's that night, where I am staying at present. The room I generally 'occup ie d was being cleaned, so they put me in the otanqra room, so called becanso thero is a picture there oHLord Stafford, painted by VandycK— a big picture, life size. Well, I could not get Gipsoy to leave ma — fancied I' d get lost again. He - was put in the stable with the other do?s, but somehow got out again aud came whining and sratchiug outside the dining-room windows, late at night. 'Let hlra sta' in your room to-night,' said my auut. I assented of course, and Gipsey, ju3t as pleased as Pnnch, came flying upstairs like a butterfly. He lay down 011 the rug by the Are, and narrowly wafcohe d me till I clitnbed into bed, then ho stretched himself with a contented smile basked in the blaze, so to sp ak, aud closed Ms eyo3. , 'I think I must have slept for some time for when I awoke, as I did with a strange suddenness, I found the fire long gone out and the room in total darkness. I heard tho hall clock chime and then strike three. Some- j how I did not feel at all sleepy; there was a | watery moon struggling thrdugh drifting I clouds, sometimes making things dimly visi ble, sometimes plunging all in murk' black- ; ness. At the foot of the bed was this great r picture of Yandyck's. In a few minutes I became con cious that th re was a L tiny tight gleaming on the canvas I . —some high tight gleaming, oh the ttLJUuui.) x iiuagiucu. , uuux nr.iugub . vtrciL . if that fellow Vandyck could paint liis high ; lights like that, tkuro wamot much chanoo for modern men to ever beat him.' Then all ) .at once tbe moon was bidden behind a blacker veil than usual and the room became ' ' quite dark. I then experienced a most un- \- pleasant sensation. The light in tbe picture had not moved. At the samo time my hand which lay outside tbe coverlet, was touched by something clammy and cold. . - ' For one brief second I- was horror-struck, aud- then — what do you think? — well, I knew what it wa3— the dog's nose P' 'I say, Paul, excuse me interrupting you, but I want to ask if ' But my friend waved aside the interruption, and continued : 'Putting my hand outside the coverlet again, I found Gipsoy with his four paws resting on the bed and trembling violently. I patted Mm and soothed Mm, but how can I explain to you that I had an instinctive feeling that there was something in tho room besides our two selves, an unseen person by the great picture — you know it was quite close to me just at the foot of the bed — and there as I gazed was the strango little light grown brighter, actually fluttering into a blue plume of flame ; and as I still looked it bad grown longer and lighter ; and I give you my word of honour, George, thero was a hand holding it — a long delicate hand, the arm of which seemed emerged iu tha dark ness of the painting. I »tared in a faseinatod way, waiting I suppose for what might barmen next : all this time T Vind mu on the dog's collar, then I attempted to lift Mm on to tho bed, and curiously enough found I could not ; strangest of all, the ani mal seemed to he making strenuous sfforts to get nearer to me. It was horrible to think I was contending with some force that chained Gipsey to tho floor ; anyway, I was obliged to desist, and whon I took my hand away it seemed as if he slunk under tho bed though it sounded as if he was running round tho room — so much so that at last I angrily called out ' lie down,' after which he was quiet. _ ' Then I saw the hand was fading, the light grew gradually less till nothing was left, and the grey blackness filled tho room again. For a whole hour I was speculating on that mysterious tight, half believing, half in doubt till I fell asleep again ; for whon I awoke the sun was shiMng brightly and the sorvant knocking at the door. I got up at on-:e intending to send the dog down. I called and whistled, when there — oh, George —all lying huddled up in the farthest corner of the room lay my poor dog dead — dead. ATI/ cilfl- Ova/? efomn/K TTTI 4-V n ) IAAL w«u uixuj unu. ovaiiug » IUU <ii iiuiiiiiCJ iuuii in Ms faithful eyes, and Ms tongue black and bitten through. ' The coachman ceme np stairs and bathed Gipsey with warm water, but what was the use f My Uncle Stuart oame; aud after breakfast I told him my strange experience of tho night. He went rather pale, I thought and finally asked me not to tell Ms wife, as ho said there was some idle legend in the Stuart family, and it might upset her. He has Md the picture taken down, and tho room searched and looked up. ' That is my story of the ghost and the dog and it all happened yesterday.' s As we two men sat there with meditative pipes, watching the firelight flicker among the castles in the coals, I Buddonly be thought me of a book I had. Some thing in Paul's story had struck a chord of remembrance, and going to my library shelf I searched and found tho book. It was a rare old work, one that I higMy prized ; the title-page bore the date 17-18, with the name : ' The Papistry Disproval in the Reign of King Charles I. By Piers Geston. Im printed at the Blew Bell.' Turning over sevoral pages, I at last found what I wanted. ' Paul,' I exclaimed, claiming Ms attention from a reverie, ' just listen quietly to this : it's very strange, to say tho least of it.' Then prefacing my extract with a few explan atory remarks, I read the following : — ' The King that night lay at Oxford with his courtiers about Mm, his bodyguard aud pages in the ante-chamber, when toward the middle of the night there eame a furious ringing and a-calling, which woke his secre tary, Mr. Ashburnhan, and a page, who forthwith cast themselves into tho chamber. Charles, girt with every appearance of Terror demanded of them, why they have let any Person pass into Ms room, at which thoy were much astomed and denyed it, calling upon the Captain of tho Watch and the sol diers, who in like manner s ware no body had passed them. ' Afterward the King confided to Sir John Borgoine he bad seen the figure of Lord Stafford enter the room in armour such as he wore and stretch to him Ms ungloved hand, and say, ' I know how to look Death in the faee.be vereadv too.' whereat tho Kiss- was much disturbed, for no great timo had gone by since Stafford was executed at Tower Hill on May 12, 1741. In the morning before they took horso for York thoy found in the Kings room a dead dog lay wMch was con sidered an omen by some.' When I had finished reading Western asked ,to see tho book, and perused tho talo himself. ' That,' he said, decisively, 'must be the gerin of the ' idle legend ' my uncle alluded to. I never heard of it before.' 1 Well, do you think there is anything in it?' — ' What can I say? Are there not strange instincts, strange presentments and warnings iu this world of ours to those that heed them — is it not a strange coinci dence that my Cousin Charlie Stuart gave me that dead dog before he joined his regi ment in India ? Now I understand my uncle's uneasiness lest I should have told tho story to the mother, who idolizes him. Do you re member reading in ono of the London papers some few years ago, when the question of warningswas mooted, tne story ot the Scotch family to whom a black dog always appeared when death threatened a member of the family, or the more famous legend of the ' drummer's tatoo,' and how a lady, a stran ger newly arrived at the castle, mentioned to her hostess at dinner tho strange music she had heard playing beneath her window as she dressed, the consternation of thostfgttestE that knew the family legend, the swooning of the hostess, and the tidings of a son's death in a foreign land ? I believe there are warn ings to those who heel them in however strange a guise they may be brought to us,' and then Paul Western got up and after lighting Ms enormous pipe sallied out into the night, and I was left alone in my cham bers, round which the rats raced, and the faces of dead men looked at me from the walls, for I could not ail at once divest my self of the story I had heard when my eyes fell on the pictured portraits, with which my room was filled. - -P. M. Budget. 