THE STORY-TELLER. THE ROMANCE OF AN IN SURANCE OFFICE. Being Passages in the Experience of Mr. Augustus William Webber, formerly General Manager to the Unireradl Insurance Company. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. BY J. MARSDEN SUTCLIFFE DOCTOR JAQUET'S SECRET. IIL A bright morning in the early summer of 1867. Dr. Jaquet, the eminent West End physi cian, had just finished his dally consultations at his residence in Harley-street, his brougham was standing at the door waiting until he had completed his preparations before setting out on his rounds, when his staid and elderly bntier entered the room carrying a note on a silver solver. "Who brought this 7" he asked with, some Impatfenoe in his tone, though without the •lightest trace of a foreign accent "It was' left at the door by a commission aire, and it was marked 'immediate,' I thought I had better bring it to you before yen went ont." The doctor, after examining the snperurip tion and oonolnding that the handwriting, was unfamiliar to him, thrast the note into his pocket, and not nntll he had oompleted bis preparations for departure, and was whirled away in hia brougham did he make eny attempt to aoquaint himself with its contents. It was a oommonplaoo note, bearing an address from Cornwall-road, Rotting Hill, stating that Mrs. Johnson, who was eerionsly Indisposed, desired to avail herself of Dr. Jaquet's eervioea, and would be glad if he would oalL Lest the physician should hesitate to place hia services at the disposal of an unknown correspondent the writer bagged to •nolose a fee of three guineas. Dr. Jaquet pocketed the fee and jotted down the name and address in hie visiting book. It was late in the afternoon before the doator's broaghatn drew ap before the hoase which Mrs. Johnson bad given as her address in Cornwall-road. The great physiolan's lay in that unfashionable patients seldom .... __ . neighbourhood—the mere fringe as it were of the arii toe ratio squares where his services were chiefly in demand—and Dr. Jaquet had delayed to make this call until the last. "Mrs. Johnsonf" he asked, when the mald-ot-all-work appeared at the door in response to his snmmonv. "Ton are the dootor, I suppose," the servant said in an interrogative tone, "I am Dr. Jaquet." " PleoBe to atep this way, sin Mrs. John son has been expecting you alb day, and is in ' a rare take tn' because yon- didn't come. She thought you did not mean tO'Oome." Dr. Jaquet assumed his most freteiog air' of politeness at the freedom of this address, end waved his hand as a sign for the girl'to eondnot him to her mistress. He was con dnoted to his patient's apartment, the front drawing-room upstairs, and aa the door closed behind htm, he ionnd himself face to faoe with the wife whom he had abandoned six teen years before. "Claire 1" he exolaimed—" bnt no, it is impossible. Ton are Mrs. Johnson. Ton have sent for me," he added qniokly, endeav ouring to reoover from the state of surprise into whioh this unexpected meeting had thrown him. But the agitation of the meet ing bad proved too mnoh for the frail strength of the invalid. No reply oame from her pallid lips. She had fainted. The husband was forgotten in the dootor immediately, Dr. Jaqnet unloosened the invalid's dress and hastened to apply such restoratives as were within his reaob. He eheoked the impulse to ring for assistanoe. Ho third person most hear the words that might fall from the lips of his wife when her oousoionsnese returned. There was ft oarafe containing water on the sideboard which he at once seised, and pro ceeded to moisten her lips and brow. He knew her ? Oh, yes, he knew her. She was the same beautiful woman of old, though, her features were thin and worn, and her hair was turning grey. He had reoognlsed her immediately, before she had time to speak and make herself known. Her faintnesa was alarming, bnt he was thankful that It had ocourred, ainoe It gave him time to recover his self-possession ; for thereapperanoe of bis - wife—in London, too—within reaoh of his own door, after long years of separation, had startled! him more than any visit fromthedead oonld have done, He bent down to listen to her heart, and - then resumed bathing her brow and temples with the oool water. Presently Madame Jaquet opened her large lnetrons eyes won derlngly. This was followed by a quick glance of reoognition. " At last | Hiss me, Felix," she said. He kissed her; it waa the rSlt of the - attentive husband, whloh he had decided, whilst she remained nnconsoious, was the rdle that he oonld play with most advantage. He played his part with skill and success. Many momenta had not elapsed before they were sitting aide by side, with his arm thrown . round her, whilst she poured into his ears her story, "How long have yon been been in England !" he asked. "Perhapa I had better tell yon everything . from the beginning," she said. " Yon are too tired and too III to do that now," he replied, with well- affeoted tender nets. " Bat I am better now. Yonr oomlng has done me good. Besides, I will not make my etory long." ^ Dr. Jaquet was eager to listen to the history of the past sixteen years, though it did not agree with the jpart that he had set himself to play to exhibit any undue anxiety. He wae pleased to find that his wife, without any solicitation from him, waa ready to un bare the aeoret of the put sixteen years. " When yon did ,not return for two days," Madame Jaquet.eald, "I began to grow anxious. Thsn that night of the aeoond of Deoember, when the firing commenced In the streets! How shall I ever forget it? Ah l what scenes! It explained year absence, bnt it mtde me fear the wont had happened. How I lived through those Deoember days I shudder to recall. At one time I thought yon were in prison; again I thought a worse late had befallen yon—that yon were lying maniged, murdered in the streets. idy father came to my assistance, We searched every where, but discovered nothing. V on had not been eeen stnoe the day before all that dread ful daughter began. Then ft waa suggested that yon had reoeived a timely warning and "That la true," exclaimed Dr. Jaqnet," I waa warned." "My heart grew light at that," went on Madame Jaqnet, ignoring the interruption, and appearing ae though ehe heard him not. " Bnt when no message oame from yon I said that itoonldnotbe. Yon wonld have written if yon were safe. Yon wonld not have left the wife who loved yon in donbt of your fate. Yon were dead, or yon had been seoreUy deported, orperhaps yon were working in the {alleys at Toulon. Enquiries were made, nt they were fruitless. Bat nothing oonld shake my opinion that some evU had hap pened yon, and that yon ooald not write. Yon were ever the eonl of bonoar, Felix." " Forbear 1" cried Dr. Jaqnet, and he groaned within himself at this shut so inno cently meant. " 1 know yon feel for all I went throngh then,"Madame continued. "My poor Felixf It is past now. Where was 17 Oh I I re member. I was speaking of my opinion that yon were in trouble somewhere and oonld not eend to me. But my father overruled my ofcjeotions, and began to arrange your affairs with a view to administering yonr estate. Then we fonnd that yon had made prepara tions for flight,and had realized everything. Myfathersaid that yon hadabandonedme and onr boy. He thought so, and the blow killed But ' him, Bnt why ehonld yon ran away from poor Claire? I oonld not believe it. Yon were somewhere, and we mnst go throngh the world seeking yon—little Philippe and I —till we fonnd yon. Ten thousand franca was all that was left of my dot. "How was that?" cried Dr. Jaqnet, who though oonsoions he had acted a base, cowardly part in abandoning his wife and child, nevertheless believed that their wants were amply provided for under his wife's marriage settlement. " Alae, the dot was nearly gone," Madame Jaqnet replied; " my father had speoniated with the money he had aet aside forme hoping to make it more. It was little that waB left, bnt it kept as above want—my little Philippe and L I oame to London ana began my search. I obtained professional heip. bnt atter spending half my store I was compelled to work alone. It waa too expen sive. Bnt it was hard. I found I oonld do nothing withont money. What was I to do 7 I took lodgings in Camden-road, to be near Philippe, who was at sohool, and near my employment." "Yonr employment. Claire?" oried Dr. Jaqnet in a distressed tone, as the vision of this delioately-reared woman fighting her battle alone and nnoheered forced itself upon his mind too vividly to be pleasant. " Yon do not mean that yon have been compelled to work 7" "Why not? What else was there to do? Was I to see my money melt away, whil'st I was doing nothing? I soon learned a little English. Then I waa engaged to teaohFrenoh at a lady's sohool. It was for Philippe's sake. He has cost me little, though—his ednoation that is all. His mathematical abilities seonred for him an excellent Bitnation at the Universal, He 1b enraptured with hie pros pects, though this is not what I wonld nave chosen for onr son." "I had to give np my eearoh for yon when I beoame a goveraeBB, Only in the holidays was I able to oontlnne my efforts to find yon, Bnt nothing came of it. Bow oonld it?" I had no cine, and no one to sulvise me. When Philippe grew np he might have "ad helped to find yon qnieker, bnt I oonld not lean upon him. I was afraid that he might think his father had foreaken his mother, and then You understand—he would not love hie father when I fonnd yon, and I wanted him to love yon. "It all came oat by aooident at last, laree weeks ago I was in the Park with Philippe. There I saw you. I knew yon at onoe. Yon are not mnoh altered—stonter, perhaps; and yon wear glasses now, bnt that is all. I felt faint with fear and joy—fear lest Philippe should notioe my agitation, and joy that the end of my long searoh had oome at last; bnt with a strong effort I managed to control myself. Two days later I was in the Park again, this time alone. Yonwerethere. Ifollowedyon tolHarley-street,andsawyonenteryonrhome. Your name is on the door. I was tempted to enter, bnt refrained, deoiding to oome home here to think. Sinoethen I have been ill ah, very ill. The dootor says my heart la weak. As soon as I began to get better I sent for yon,, and yon are here. That 1s all." Dr. Jaqnet was oonscioos of contending emotions as he listened to his wife's story. He wonld have been less than human if he had been able to listen to the aooonnt of her pathetic straggles, and her long, fruitless search without being moved. He was tonohed, moreover, that as yet she had nttered no wordiof condemnation or.reproach. Nay, had she not exhibited a beautiful faith in him, asorlblng his flight to political reasons, and holding fast by her simple oreed that her husband was the sonl of hononr, and that (something—Bhe knew not what—had prevented him oommunioatlng with her? That establishment in Harley-street was a sad stnmbling-blook to her faith in him ;:bnt she wonld notoondemnhim, even in her own thoughts, until she heard his story. One glance at her, as with her eyes strained in an intense gaze and filled with tears, she looked into his face, was enough to tell him that she was dinging to the hope that when her bus band Jipoke the only clond that hnng over her happiness of her meeting with him wonld be scattered to the winds, and that he wonld shed such light npon the past as wonld re candle her boy to his mother's involuntary widowhood. Bnt Dr. Jaqnet remained long silent, whilst softly caressing her. He felt in troth like a man driven to bay. Here was the one woman who alone had the right to bear his name—the name that was borne by another woman, who presided over Mb establishment in Harley-street. He had yielded to Mdlle. Lucie's importunities and married her soon after setting foot on English soil, Bnt none knew better than he that the marriage was invalid, and he was liable to snffer for his not under the laws of his adopted oonntry. What was to prevent his wife appearing in Harley-street and demanding to m set back in her plaoe? What an esclandre would ensue 1 Professional and social rain stared him in the face, even though he succeeded in playing his cards no as to escape the olntohes of the criminal law. .Two courses seemed open to Mm. To take baok his wife, in whioh case Mdlle Lnoie's temper might be relied npon to make quick work with him. He had had some experience of Mdlle. Lucie's temper daring the past six teen years, and he knew very well that if he attempted to dethrone her from her position she wonld denounce him as a bigamist with ont "compunction. Besides how oonld he appear before the grand dames of his acquain tance as a phyeioian with two wiveB? The second oonree was to tell the woman who had •ought hhn through all the long years of their ' Reparation the fitter troth that he waa faith leee, and had abandoned her and their child with deliberate intention. Be took neither coarse, preferring to adopt a temporising policy. He wonld not trouble hi* dear Glair a, he ■aid, with hie story just now. whioh wonld take long to telL It waa enough that abe gnensed rightly. He had . been warned in time to fly from Paris. He did not know that she was in England. II aha had not left Paris in aearoh of him it wonld have been different. Their long separation wonld hare been spared to them if she had remained. Madame Jaqnet waa easily satisfied in the great joy of recovering her husband, and gently blamed her own preoipitanoy in leaving Paris for England as the only oanso that had kept them apart for so long. Then Dr. Jaqnet prooeeded to open out his plans for the future, He dilated with con vincing reasoning on the difficulties that wonld surround them, if he suddenly pre sented his wife to the oirole in whioh he moved. What explanation, he asked, ooold he give of the long years of their separation f How wonld it be possible to disarm the venomous criticisms of malloloos tongues T Her position wonld prove intolerable II she were oalled npon to ran the ganntlet of corions enquirers who wonld seek to probe their seorot to the bottom and who would not spare. No 1 this waa not to be thought of for a moment. He waenot thinking somnch, he said, abont his professionalrepntation, whioh wonldanffer If any soandal, however innocent its character, beoame oonneoted with hia name—for he oonld afford to lay down his praotics and retire on his reputation, whioh was deservedly high—bnt he waa thinking of his dear Claire and what was best for her happi ness. He waa in favour o! returning to Paris, where their re-appear an oe wonld oooaslon leas remark, and where suspicions, if any arose, oonld mnoh more easily be allayed. He wonld see to his dear Claire s oomfort whilst he was making arrangement for the disposal of his honBo in Harley-atreet, and when hia affairs were wonnd np they wonld leave England for ever. Madame Jaqnet, who was willing to go anywhere with her husband, and who felt that in the delicate Btate of her health, ex oitement wonld prove injnriona to her, was nothing loth to be oonvinced by this reason ing, whioh had soooeeded in eeonring for Felix Jaqnet that invaluable commodity Time, that so often fails men at their need. He wanted to think ont a way in whioh the ghost whioh had suddenly sprung np in his path oonld be effectively laid. He was in the position of a man with two wives; one known to aooiety as snoh, the other his true wile in the eye of the Ghuroh and the law, bnt of whom sooiety knew nothing. At pre sent he oonld see no way ont of the dilemma; he moat have opportunity for reflection, and this he had now seonred. Bnt now that Madame Jaqnet was satisfied of her husband's good intention, she was anxious to bring abont a meeting between her boy and his father. " Might she tell Philippe everything V she asked timidly. He deofded in the negative. " Better wait nntil everything is settled. When we sre ready to leave England I will meet him here and tell him all. Sou shall hear my story together." Dr. Jaquet'a smiling exterior convinoed hie wife that the love that had never been here was her own at last. She was persuaded in her own mind that the father was yearning for the honr when he wonld embrace his son and the three of them wonld set ont together, a re-nnited family, for the land of their birth. The conversation drifted into ether ohan nels, chiefly referring to Madame's health, and the arrangements to be made for her oomfort whilst she remained at Cornwall road. She deolared that Bhe wanted nothing, now that her dearest Felix was restored to her; .and after examining the prescriptions of her medioal adviser, and having pro nonnoed himself satisfied with the treatment, he bade her an affeotionate farewell, pro mising to return on the morrow. Dr. jaquet retnrned on the following day. One glanoe at the faoe of this aooompllshed aotor told hie wife all that ehe wished to know. He looked proad and happy. His visits were renewed daily for some weeks, daring whioh Ma dame's health con tinued delieate. Bat he always spoke to her of her ailments in a gay and oonfident tone that raised the Invalid's oonrage by many degrees. A slow oonvaleioenoe in oases of marked oardiao debility like hers, he explained, was always to be expeoted ; bnt one wonld soon be well again, ana by the time his arrangements were oompleted and they were ready to retnra to Paris she would be quite strong. 80 the days pissed. Every afternoon as he finished his roan da the broogham stopped at the oorner of the street, and the ooaohmau reoelved the same order—"So not wait. Richard; I shall he some time here." Madame, after he had departed, grew to oonnt the hoars whioh wonld bring round again the pleasure of these daily visits from her smiling debontiaire husband. A sight of the faoe of the man whom she loved with rare fidelity temporarily overoame her weak ness, though the exoltemsnt of his visits often left her languid and inolined to sleep. Bnt ehe would not he deprived of them, and to do him justice, Dr. Jaquet appeared to look forward to their daily oonferenoes with a delight soarcely less fondly exhibited than her own. There was always something for him to tell, and for her to hear; some new diffioulty that had arisen that wonld neces sitate delay, or some old difficulty that had been made to disappear like magic. They talked confidently and hopefully of the fntnre, planning where they would live when they retnrned to Paris, and bow they wonld pass their days; for by this time Dr. Jaquet had announced his resolution to retire from professional life and devote the remainder of his days to the society of his dear Glaire, of whioh ne had been so long deprived. One evening he remained later than usual, and as the girl appeared in the hall to open the door for his departure, he expressed his surprise that Mr. Philippe Jaquet had not returned. " Kindly explain to him when he arrives that 1 waited for htm as long as £ oonld. Madame is decidedly better to-day, and if the present improvement continues she will be able to go out for a drive in a day or two. - Bnt tell him also that Madame does not get enough sleep. She lies awake at nights until she hears him retire, and that is bad for her and retar4s her reoovery. Tell him from me that if he values his mother's life he must keep better hours. And, oh, by-the-by," he added, as he descended the steps, after giving these in structions," as Madame is disposed to sleep now, yon had better not disturb her. : Can you remember ell that 1" he enquired. The girl promised that the message should be dnly delivered, and the great physician, hailing a passing hansom, was soon lost to sight. Philippe, in deferenoe to the phyaioian's message, which lost nothing of its urgenoy in transmission, delayed entering his mother's room until the thought struck him that Iter sleep wag becoming more protracted than was likely to be beneficial. "She will not sleep to-night at all," he said, epeaklng to himself," if ahe is not roused." The son was setting as he entered his mother's room, and a TO*y light bathed her pure faee in the soft glory of the dying day. What was it that suddenly caused his heart to stop its beating, ana then to rash forward with a bound as though it would bust through its prison in his breast? The qnlok eye of lore saw that there was a strange rigidity in her form as she lay there on her oonoh. He strode rapidly to her elde, touohed her hand, and started back in terror at the obill shook of her cold day. Too soon he realized that Madame Jaquet was asleep in the aleep that knows no waking. " Mother 1 speak to me once more," he ex claimed, with a great and sorrowfnl cry; and then, kneeling down by her aide, he covered her cold lips with his passionate kisses. (To be continued.) 