AUTHOR'S NOTE. In the summer of 1887 I came npon a pamphlet published by The Times five years iraviously, giving an account of the perse cution of the Jews in RuesU in 1S81. At about the same time I fonnd in the BrooHyn Tine* (U.S.) a tragic incident in the alleged career of a Jewess, which recalled to my mind a grim passage of Russian hutory. These three records inspired the story I have just concluded. It occurred to me to find in the one village of Russia where the Jews had for % nine iivea nnm^uwnai, u ueiuuw wuu, [ailing under tbe lash of Russian persecution, should survive the keenness of human afflictions, to become under very dramatic and romantic circumstances, the instrument of Divine vengeance upon her enemy, and probably a type of the fierce injustice which characterises the civil and military government of Russia. My inspiration for this tragic figure eprung from the fallowing narrative, related as absolutely true by Charles J. Eoee bault, in the Brooklyn Times during the month of Jane, ISS7 : — 11 Not far from the police station on Eliza beth Street is a large three-Btory brick building. Years ago it was a handsome dwelling, but time and the email boy have played hav»c with its facade, doors, windows, and railing. It ia occupied by a well-to-do EtnSBian, who yean ago fled his native land for alleged complicity in Borne plot against the Czar. It has long been the rendezvous of political refugee* of both sexes, Kuesi&ns;, Nihilists, Polish Liberators, French Com mnnards, German Socialists, and Cosmopolitan Anarchists. The circle met there is composed of edncated and clever people. Nearly all are ercellent linguists and more or less successful in trade, literature, or professional life. Owing probably to the terrible scenes in which they have been actore all are more or less eccentric in behaviour, speech, or ideas. Not long since a party of a dozen men and women were spending the evening in the large old fashioned parlour. All smoked, a few sipped the vitriolic Vodka between the whiffs of their cigarettes, while all the rest assuaged thirst with the cheap wines of the Rhine and Moselle. The conversation had been political and literary rather than anecdotal in character, and had flagged until the room was almost eilent. Ihe only person speaking was a handsome Jewess of 24 or 25. whose name or nom de guerre w*s Theodora Omavitsch. She was of a rare type of that race, being a superb blonde with bright golden hair, large pon erf al figure and splendid health which characterise the Hebrew women to so remark able a degree. As she paused «t tbe end ? f an argument and drained a gla^s of Joseph shoefer, someone asked. ' What made you a Nihilist. Dora?' ** Nothing very r»*markablft to as Russian0 ? he replied. ?' I be.ong to a guoil ra i y ia a emM town in tbe Warsaw Piovince. I married the Habbi of our Synagogue, and we, were very happy for a few months. The Czar then made a change, and sent down a. new Governor from St. Petersburg to replace our old one, who was a good and just man, although a Russian General The new coiner had every vice, and no virtue of any kind. He was so bhd and cruel that our friends and relatives wrote ns when he came warning us against him. My huBband the next Sabbath, iu the synagogue, told our people about him, violating any one of the thousand tyrannical laus with which we were cursed. Though he spoke in Hebrew, for fear of spies, someone betrayed him to the Governor. He wm arrested, tried, flogged on the public square into insensibility, and sent to Siberia for life. I was present when he underwent his agony, and stood it until I became crazed. I broke through the crowd to the wretch of an official, and curbed him and bis master, the Czar, and swore vengeance against both. I, too, was arrested, tried at court martial, and sentenced to receive one hncdred blows with tbe rod in the public square. I, a woman, was t*ken Ly drunken Moajiks and heathen Cossack* to the place, tied by my hands to the whipping-post, my clothing torn from my body to the waist, and beabn before all the soldiery and tbe people of the town. At the twentieth blow I fainted, but the ropes held me up, and tbe full hundred were counted on my body. They cut me down, rubbed rock ealt and water and Borne iron that eats like fire into my back to stop the bleeding, and carried me to the hospital. I lay there two months, and was discharged. I had but one idea then, and that was vengeance. By patience I managed to get employment in the G-orernor's Palace as a seamstress. One afternoon he wae in his bith. and he Bent for towels. The attendant was tired, and I volunteered to take them. I throw them over my arm, and under them I held a long stQetto, sharp as a needle. 1 entered the room, acd he was reading and smoking in the bath. I laid the towels by hiB side with my 1* ft hand, and at the next moment with my right I drove the knife through hie heart. It was splendidly done. He never made a sound and I escaped to this land. That is why I am a Nihilist. Do any of you doubt ?' £he sprang excitedly from her chair, and in half a minute bad bared herself to the waist. The front of her form from neck to belt might have passed as the model of the Venus di Milo. Bat tbe bvi ! UidgeR, welts, and furrows that crossed and interlaced as if cat out with a red-hot iron, patches of white, grey, pink, bine, and angry red, holes and hollows with hard, hideous edges, half visible ribs and the edges of mined muscles, and all of which moved, contracted, and lengthened with the swaying of her body. There was a gasp from everyone present. The aged host rose, silently kissed her on the forehead, and helped her to put on her garments. Then again the wine passed round, and what secret toasts were made as the party drank will never be known.' The historic chapter which tM» newspaper paragraph brought to my mind was the story of Madame LApoukio ; the briefest account of which is probably the following, from The Knovt, by Germain de Lagny : — In 1760, under the reign of the indolent and luxurious Elizabeth, who had abolished capital punishment, Madame Laponkin, a woman of rare beauty, of which the Curina was envious, was condemned to the knout and transportation, in spite of the privilege of the nobility never to Buffer the former punish ment. She had been feted, caressed, and ran after at coort, and had, it was said, betrayed the secret of the Empress's liason with Prince Razonmowsky. She was conducted by the executioners to the public square, where she was exposed by one of them, who rolled up her chemise as far as her waist ; he theu placed her npon his shoulders, when another arranged herwithhifi coarse dirty hands in the required position, obliging her to bold her head down, while a man of the lower classes, equattiag at her feet, kept ber legs stilL The executioner cut her flesh into shreds by one hundred strokes of the knout, from the shoulders to the lower portion of the loins. After the infliction of the pnn.Bhment, her tongue w*b was sent to Siberia, whence she was recalled in 1762 by Peter IIL For the successful development of these journalistic literary and historical facts and suggestions into a fall three volume novel, with truthful as well as cheracteristic accessories, it was necessary that I should make a etudv of Russian villaae life, and re fresh my memory with such chapters of Russian history as should enable me to hold my imaginary characters and their actions within the reasonable control of probability. I was already fairly well acquainted with some of tbe best works of Russian fiction, which are full of strong local colour and fine characterisation, Gogol's Btories more parti cularly, bat in orJer that I might not stray from the path of truth any further than ia reasonaMv permissible. I followed up the Darr»tivc of The Times, in the files of the Daily eltrgraph and the Jncish Chronicle ; traced the anti Jewish riots throughout their lurid march ot fire and bloodshed ; talked to several travelled authorities as to their experiences of Jewish life in Southern Russia ; and settled down to a careful Btudy of the literary, topographical, political and his torical literature of the subject, in the course of which for the purposes of this story I have consulted and read ' Ihe Jews aud their Persecutor?,' by lingerie Lawrence ; *' Scenes from the Ghetto,' by Leopold Elomptert ; ' The Knout and the liossiane,' by Gei main de Lagny ; ' Elizabeth, or the Kxilea of Siberia,' hy Madame Cottin ; ' Koasia under the Czars' by ^tepinak ; **Piison Lifo in Siberia' and 'Crime uid Punishment,' by Fedor Dostoiffsky ; 'The Hustian i.er It,' by Edmund Noble; 'Ihe Jews of Binow,' by Karl Emil Franzos ; ' I ussia, Political and Social.' by L. Tikhamrov; »C*lUd Back,'1 by Uugh Col, way ; ?? Head S .uU,' by Ktkulai V. Gogol ; ** War and Peace,' and 'Anna Karen*,' by Count Tolstoi; 'A Hero of ourTime,' by M. V. Lermontoff; 'Russia before and after the War,' by the Author of 'Society as it is in St Petersburg;1* ?'The Encyclopaedia Britannic* ;*' ' Bussuns of To day,' by the Author of 'The Member fo Paris ;' ' The Russian Peasantry ' by Stepinak ; ' Stories from Russia, Siberia, Poland anri Circaasia,' edited by Russell Le* ; ** i hamber'e Encyclops-iia ;' George Ken* nan's Century papers on ' Plains and Prisons oF Western Siberia,' and 'Across tbe Rua-iaii Frontier ;** Theodore Child'* *' Fair of Nijnii-Novogorod ' in Harper** Magazine ; Tbe Times pamphlet (before mentioned) ' Persecutions of the Jew* in Russia, 1881 -** ' Venice ' by Yriarte ; '? Venetian life' by Howells; ' 6 ketches from Venetian His tory ;B ' Few Italian Sketches' by J. A. Symonda, and other misoeUaneous literature. It will be seen that I name these works without any view to classification or order. A foreign criticum npon the Venetian ^haptw of the story makes it desirable for om to atete that the introduction of a Russian interest in the Royal Fetes on the Grand Canal is pure invention. The pageantry is true enough; the presence of the King and Queen of Italy ; the illuminations and the rest; but the red gondola and the ghost of the lagoons belong to the region of fancy; though they might easily have formed part of tbe events of tbe time. I saw a dead swimmer towed into an English fishing port under very similar circumstances to those which I have described as occurring in the waters of the Adriatic. In taking leave of my readers, with all dne apologies for this personal note, t venture to express a hope that they may contiane to feel an interest in the future of the Milbanke*, the Foreyths, the Cbetwynda, and the KJoaatocka. If I have made these people half as real to them as they are to me, they will keep them in their remembrance as ncqq *i Dt**n*t*f if not as friends ; and in reflective moments their hearts will go out to an old man mod his daughter who in the spirit of chastened con tent are fulfil! ing their voluntary exile, their happiness a dream of tbe past, their chief hope in a future ' where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are st rest' J.H. 