HOW THE PLAN WOEKEi). ' Tour white roses are just coming into bud, Lally,' said Aldrich Cone, as he came in from the garden. ' Blossom Hedge is at its prettiest now.' The coffee exhaled "a fragrant odour, the fresh-baked biscuits were of tbe most delicate brown, and the chickens broiled to a turn, but Mrs. Cone's face wore a - mast tragic expression, as she sat with an open letter in her ' Aldrich,' said she, hysterically,' what am I to do ? Here's your Aunt Effingham coming here next week, with her six children and the nurse! They've had the measles, it seems, and the doctor has prescribed country air. so they've decided to inflict a four weeks' visitation upon me!' ' Oh,' said Aldrich, guiltily, ' I forgot to tell you. Haidee Clair wants to come here this summer. She requires perfect quiet to finish her new novel, and says she retains such a delightful impression of Blossom Hedge from her last summer's visit.' 'Oh, does she, indeed?' said Mrs. Cone, flashing the cream and sugar recklessly into the sea- green china cups. ' And we must remember tijat your cousin Falkland has kindly volunteered to send Andromeda heiefor the summer, so that she may forget that love affair of hers with Jack Jocelyn.' * I'm afraid we haven't room for 'em all,' said Mr. Cone, reflectively. ' Oh, yes, you have,' said Lally, with tears sad laughter struggling in her voice. ' They'll sleep on the hall hat- rack, on the garret floor, or the cellar shelves, sooner than forego the opportunity of getting good country board for nothing ! And I shall do as I did last year— get along without a new winter suit, and do my own winter house work, because the housekeeping bills were so heavy during tbe summer. All our relations are. very particular, you know, about their eating and drinking, and we had to get new hair mattresses for the Johnson- Smythes, and re-carpet Haidee's room because she "perfectly abhorred'' the old pattern.' ' It's outrageous !* said Cone, carving the chickens. * But I don't know how we are to help ourselves without being dreadfully, rode.' ' Tell them plainly that they cannot come.' ' Ourrelatifms, Lally?' remonstrated Cone. « Trti jBTi imrmnfHfWi >B>i<1 TJLIIV- Ifg an imposition, said Lally. ' It's only tor a little while, my love. Let'em come.' ' It will be for all summer, Aldrich.' * No, it won't. I'll see to that.' ' What do you mean ?' * I've got a plan in my head, my love.' - •Aplanf* * Tes. Tott'll see. Only don't ask any questions. • But, Aldrich,' pleaded the young housekeeper, with every hospitable inpulse rising up in bier heart, * you musn't beat 'em rudely.' * Fll be as pleasant as Punch to 'em, my love, see if I'm not.' ' Aldrich, what are you going to do?* * Don't I tell you, Lally, that it's a profound eecretf' 4 But you'll tell me?' «I'll tell nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cone steadfastly adhered, in spite of Lally'e protestations and entreaties. The authoress arrived, with several huge trunks, a typewriter and a hammock. Miss Andromeda Falkland came by the next train,' like Niobe, all tears,' and Mrs. Effingham, her nurse arm her six noisy, troublesome young convalescents brought up the rear. ' Ten people!' said Mrs. Cone to that trustworthy ana reliable confident, herself. *Oh dear! oh, dear! I might us well have taken a ' nation for general" housework in a summer nrdiug-houee.' ' I don't see,' said Mis. Pepper, the minister's wife, * what that young Cone is thinking of to allow bis wife to be so overridden with relations. The weather is vpry hot, and she is fiar from strong. And I am told they sleep themselves on a sofa bedstead in tbe parlour, to mafcewwmforti^awaimofpsniaitea.' * My dear,* said thegood parson, 'are you not exproeiang yourself rather strongly ¥' • rS only speaking the truth,' said Mrs. T§ut*it eooa transpired that Mrs. Cone's visitors, like Bamnm's happy family, ccrcld not otto takBTJUE-hosaiocis smd ; croquet out of fr oe Huple lot.' . ' What fory petulantly ki'TTilrEd his mother. \- - ' &3rich lifts BoW iC* SoiiTit? iloT Tey iiicoiis-iileTaift of him I' said Mrs. Bffi.aghaSijir/,Sold it to wham?' - * To the ccmctcry people." 4 What!' *Tbu cein-e-te-ry peouV,' enunciated Master Erskins. * Hie ra2roa3's a-goiE' right through the old graveyar-!, r.iid .tliov've' got to have a new place. "I heard cousin Aldrich tell the carpenter to bring that load of fence posts right off, and I heard him say. too, that it didn't matter so much, became thfire had already been two orihree interments there.' 'Interments'* gasjed Mrs. --Effingham, 'under our very -windows? Goodness me! I never heard of such a thing!' ' If ye plaso, m i'aia,* said Delia, the nurse, * that acconn's for it.' * Accounts for what r 1 4 The ghost, mum, all in white!' uttered Delia, with chattering tcf.th. • I seen it last night, mum, as the church clock struck twelve: an* I seed it the nijrht before. An* I don't wonder, ma'am, the i-"ir dead bodies bein' dug up and scattered around this way. And if you plase, ma'am, you'll suit yourself at once, for not another week will Delia O'Bourke live next door to a churchyard.' . * Ma. ma,' whispered Florence Effingham, who bad eagerly devoured every word of the discussion, * I'm afraid of ghosts. Delia says ghosts come after little girls if they oon't—* 'WQl you hush?' said MrsJ Effingham, clasping her in despair. ' Aldrich, what is this i Have vou sold the Maple lot r' Sold it! Why shouldn't XT said Mr. Cone, wh v just then came in with a string of speckled brook trout. ' They offered me a capital price, and I'm not a rich man.' , But to a cemetery!' I don't know a quieter neighbour than a cemetery,* said Aldrich. \- 1 A»d~I*m told,' said Mjcs. E&ngham;, with a shudder, 'thai: some interments have already taken place!' 1 1 didn't suppose you'd mini it, Aunt Effingham.' said the young host. Mind it! \Vhv it's a semi-barbarous proceeding !' cried the lady. ' Do we live in a civilised country or do.we not 'r' Ma!' screeched liuilolph UCIcgham, the second son, jerking :it the maternal skirts, here's a load of lumber at the bars, a real big load. Do you sur>r>° 5e that's to make the co&ns; out of ?' Just then Miss Clare stalked, o la L®dy Macbeth, on the scene. * I attach no importance to vulgar superstition,' said she. glaring at Mrs. Effingham, with whom she was no longer on speaking terms. 'Of the dead I entertain no fear. But the living are quitea different thing. And I certainly sa's" a—man, Cousin AMrich. prowling about these premises last night, with a dark lantern.' ' The ghost!' squeaked Delia. 'I have seen him, too! I did, with these eves, the Messed saints lietuns in" nnd all harm ! Oh * ch ! oh ' Peace, frto'::?- 1 .! tro?nan !' said Haidee. * This was no .shade ! It vr:is a burly thief, intent no doubt on mischief. I saw him try to open the back parlour shutter, and then Neighbour Foxley's waggon drove by, and he disappeared as if bv magic. And I "want vou to understand," Lilly.' to ilrs. Cone, thaf I can't stand the uervous shoct of this sort of thing. My profession re piires that I should be earrounded by peaceful ca'.ai. I leave here tomorrow.' * An' I'll go wid yez.' said Delia. ' I can't sleep nights in a place where burglars is climin' up the trellis work, and poor ghosts come stalkin' around when the church clock strikes midnight, and a whole waggon-lcad more comin* torn orry or next day, from the cimetery ! OciL, hone"! tbe like of "it niver was heard before * Ma, ma! can't we go too ? We're afraid to stay at Blossom Hedge any longer !' pleaded the little Efiinghams in chorus. And so there was a general ezodus. * Aldrich, is this true r' said Mrs. Cone, when the last crnress load of trunks had disappeared round th 1 curve of the road. * Is what true ? You're not afraid of ghosts, are you, Lally r' * No : but ' 4 Don't fret, my dear.' said Cone, composedly. ' The cemetery has purchased a lot, but it happens to be Maple Hill, four miles to the east of us. I'm not to blame, am I, for ErsTdne Effingham's blander V* * But the load of lumber r' ' I've sold the place to Dr. Bassett. andfce's going to build a gem of a Queen Anne cottage. I can't imagine any pleasanter neighbours than the Bassetts will be; can you ?' 1 T-yes,' snid bewildered Lally : ' but the interments that had already taken place there 'i You said yourself ' ' My dearest girl, don't you remember that we buried Minnie, your pet spaniel, under the sweetbriar bush there, and tie two canaries last fall f 4 Oh, Aldrich, aren't you ashamed of yourself r* 'Who—I? Not in the least.* ' But the ghosts, Aldrich r the burglars ' Here comes Andromeda,' said Mr. Cone, with a sudden assumption of more than judicial gravity. ' Come here, you fake damsel, and own up at once what I've already b£en sharp enough to discover for myself.' 4 Oh. Cousin Aldrich,' stammered poor Andromeda, blushing celestial rosy re<l, and trying vainly to hide her face behind the blue-ribboned banio in her hand. * I am neither Delia O'Rourke, nor the EfHrgham children, nor yet Haidee Clare,' mercilessly went on Aldnch. ' Aud I shrewdly suspect that the ghost was Jack Jocelyn in a white tennis suit, haunting the green field beneath his sweetheart's windotv, aud the burglar no other than Jack Jocelyn in black, up the trellis after a letter which lie well knew where to find. Andromeda blushed redder than ever. 4 Now, I'll have no more of this,' said Aldrich, with mock sternness. ' Confess, young woman, at once, that you and ycur love rJTfir are at the bottom of all this mystification. Jack Jocelyn has owned up.' ' Oh, Aldrich ?' sobbed Andromeda. ' And will you, too, turn against me ?' ' Not a bit of it,' said Aldrich Cone, cheerfully. 4 Dou't fret, little one. Jack has just told me that he has been appointed to a thousand-dollar berth in the general post-office, and I've written to your mother that things are all right. He's a jolly good fellow, and it isn't necessary for him to play ghost out in the cold any longer.' Andromeda threw herself, weeping with joy, into Lally Cone's arms, and the two women rejoiced together.' Aldrich smiled. 4 My plan hasn't worked so badly,' said he.— j I ScXurd-iv JftffkU. 