Story Column. A Year's Probation. By STANLEY MORTON. ail queensland eiohts reserved.) ' , OONOLUDED. i \- I waited long and patiently ; bat wben the lands of the oloek pointed to .the hour of 8, 1 resolved to delay no longer. I waB about to leave the cottage, when the sonnd of a groan nested my steps. a finng off my cloak onoe mote, and opening the door which separated the etairesse from the kitchen, ran up to the zoom above. There I found Dame Barton— not in bed, but sitting on a low stool before a few dull embers in a rusty grate. I drew ear, to her cautiously, and said, in a gentle tone— " Ton sent for me, dame. What can I do for you?" She' did not answer, but groaned so loudly and deeply that, inexperienced though I was, I marvelled that a feeble old woman at the point of death could give such voioe to pain. The brown wizened face beneath the flapping oapborder had anything bnt a sickly hue, and when the old orone raised her great black eyes and fixed them upon my face with a look both bold and sly, I heartily regretted having come. I turned to go, and my hand was on the door, wben another deep groan made mo hesitate. "What is it, dame?" 1 asked, returning to the hearth. She only sat rooking herself to and fro, speechless as before. ' Oan I do nothing for you ? Because, in that case, I shall go home Immediately." " No, no — don't leave me !" said the daino. "Axe you' suffering ?" ' " Oh, yeB — it's the rheumatiz !" . " But, if that iB all, why did you send for me ? What oan I do ?" " If you look in yon .cupboard, you will see some tea. Do make me a cup !" The cupboard was a large oloset fitted with shelves at the farther end of the room. After searching for a few minnteB among a miscel laneous collection of articles, I called out — " I cannot find it, dame. On which shelf must I look ?" .Receiving no reply, I looked round, and he- held the " dying" women standing with her hack firmly planted against the ohamber door, a leer of malicious tzinmph on her faee. " What triobery is this ?" I demanded angrily. " Let me pass !" Bnt the orone only laughed w'ldly as she chanted gutturally— Ladybird, ladybird, fly away borne— fly away homo ! Yon are my prisoner for some hours to come— hours to come ! _ The sight of her standing there coolly sing ing her silly rhyme so exasperated me that I ran at her in a fury, but Dame Bnrton took me up in her strong arms, carried me aoross the zoom, threw me down upon her feather-bed, and, before I recovered my breath, departed, looking . the door behind her. I did not despair, bnt began at onoe to seek for means of escape. The door leading to the kitchen was securely fastened ; so I turned my attention to the window. Creeping along the floor, .1 opened the lattice. Bain was still falling, and the wind was blowing furiously : bnt, seeing that the gronnd was sodden and the window not very high, I Boon made up my mind what to do. My first aot was to sit down xgpon the floor, end, while beating the door with both hands, howl like an angry boy — " Lot me out, Dame Burton ! I'U make yon remember it ! Let me ont !" This I did to convince the old woman that I had abandoned hope. Next I took the linen sheets from the bed, and tore them into strips wherewith to plait a rope. I had only half completed my task when I heard the heavy footsteps of my keeper on the stairs. Flinging the torn sheets into the oloset, X sprang npon the bed, rolled the oloihes around me, and feigned sleep. The key grated in the Jock, and my enemy entered. Without raising an eyelid, I was intensely consoiouB of the keen gaze fixed npon my face. After a brief panse, she turned from the bedside and went to the fire. Happily she did not linger long, and, as soon as she was safely down-stairs, I set about completing my arrangements. After a careful examination of the wall, I .discov ered a large nail driven in just above the casement. To this I tied one end of the twisted linen, and let the other end hang out of the window. Not daring to pause lest my courage should fail, I held the rope with one hand, grasped the window-ledge with the other, and slid down quickly. Fortunately my im provised rope reached within a few feet of the gronnd. Fear seemed to lend wings to my feet when I heard the sound of a heavy footfall olose at hand. In my haste I missed the narrow circuitous path, and ran madly through brake and bramble till I reaohod the bottom of the hill. There, to my intense relief, I met Jonas JohnEon. As we walked home I related the story of cay adventures ; 'and before I sat down to supper I ran upstairs and, knocking at aunt Deb'B ohambor door, cried— " Don't he anxiouB, annt— I 'am quite safe ! The lain has ceased. Eleven o'olook hsB just struck." On Deoember 22 I was standing in the hall, wnen the sonnd of the postman's knock made me hurry to the door. The letter put into my hand bore my own name. Carefully opening the envelope, X .unfolded the square of thick paper it enclosed. The sheet oontained a single hutily.scrawled line : " Come at once— your mother is dying !" I sought JonaB, and handed him the fatal leiteri, "Ofc, help me !" I implored,, lie Ifoohed at the almost illegible writing, aShnnStMKa : " I will. Do not be afraid !" Inlegfe than an hour we were travelling north ward,®, and late in the evening of the seoond day.the ooaoh drew, np before the well-known .gate. I scrambled out and staggered along the narrow/garden path. The door being unlatohed, Xentered, crossed the ball, and with trembling hands pushed open the parlour door. My mother was sitting by the fire, a smile upon her faoe. Annt Deb had triumphed, and I had lost my fortune ! The next day was Sunday, and one of the most miserable I bad ever spent. Weary and dejected, I sat in the corner of our pew in the parish cbnroh and watohed the shadows deepen on my mother's faoe ; while at home the mourn ful cadence of1 her voice was a oontinual re proach. 'On Monday" morning, however, regrets gave place to bnstle and wonderment ; for Jonas not only domandod that Xshonld re turn with him toKinge'.oa, bnt insisted that the rest of the family should go too. Mother objected,! bnt ultimately yielded ; and Tuesday saw ns all in a coaoh speoding on our way. In dne time, without mishap, ws arrived at our destination; and within an hour of my retain we assembled in the dining-room to hear my unole's will read a seoond time. Profound., silence reigned as Mr. Sims, the .family lawyer, 'read— "And the residue of my proporty to he equally divided between 'toy sister, Deborah Denny, my oouBin/ Bilas Bray, and my grand- niece Dorothy Hare; on condition that' they reside together at Klngsloa 'for one entire year. Wbiohever Bhall at any time be absentfrom the Manor House between midnight and daybreak shall forfeit all oleiim to money, 'land, or estate to the benefit ot the remaining legatees." My inheritance was loBt. Tears, whiah X hoped were not seen,' foil npon my olasped hands. Some one saw them, however ; for the vicar, who was present, oame to my;, side and whiBuered " " "Xou aoted rightly. I rejoioo that you went !" He remained behind my chair, as if to mani fest hiB approval of my oonduct, and X was comforted. "I beg to inform you," said aunt Deborah, addressing Mr. Sims, 11 that Dorothy Hare has not compiled with tho stipulations mentioned in that document. I therefore demand that the whole of the property be given to my. hus band end myself." . .. . " 4- tesitfment cannot be aoted npon until the! ieetatcr ls dead." " These words rang clearly through the room. Aunt Deb sank back in her obair, and every one turned their eyes to the opposite end of tho table. There sat— not Jonas Johnson — no, in milled shirt and powdered wig— there oonld be no mistake— it was Matthew Maddison himself ! "Be silent, Deb!" oommanded onr nnox peoted host, ns aunt Deborah Borenmed. " I am no disembodied ghost, and will speedily con vince you of tho reality of my appearanoo in tho flesh. It is known to all of you," ho oontinnod, "that a remarkable resemblanoe existed be tween Jones Johnson and mysolf. We woro friends in tho days of onr youth, when together we took part in the village sports ; in tho rela tion of paster and servant that friendship ripened till ho died. Now Jonas Johnson and Lawyer Sims always aontonded that my will was arbitrary and unjust.' "When Jonas lay dead, I resolved to tCBt the truth of tho asser tion. ' The likeneES we hero to each other made it easy to do this ; X assumed my valet's dress, faking a servant's place." My uncle paused for a moment, and then inquired, 14 Does any here dispute my identity ?" Mrs. Deborah half rose, glanced at the slight upright figure, quailed beneath the pieroing eyes, and sat down again. " We—Mr. Sims and myself— are prepared to give fall proof of my statements. I acknow ledge now that my will was an unjust one. During the past year I have had a bitter ex perience' of the power of avariee. X do not reproach yon, Deborah ; for I too have aoted a deceitful part, thongh even while doing so I learned to love troth and goodness as I never loved them in past days. To Dorothy Hare, whoBO conduot has taught me many a lesson of honesty simplicity, X shall bsqneath the whole of my fortune ; her family shall reside with me, and we will strive to make the Manor Houso a happy home. Sister Deborah, yon possess wealth more than sufficient for yonr require ment ; it would not he kindnees to add to yonr stote. A post-chaise waits to oonvey you and yonr husband on the Brat Btage of your journey homeward. When time has extracted the sting from the hitter memories of the past, I shall hope for a more oordial meeting ; till then, farewell ! Dorothy, dear danghter, wel come to Kingslea?" 