[?] The Other Man's Wife. By John Strange Winter, Author of ' Booties' Baby,' ' Beautiful Jim,' ' Buttons,' ' Dinna Forget,' &c;, &c.; Chapieu I.— EDWARD, BY DIVINE PROVI DENCE. We must all die, and not the old alone, The young bare no exemption from that doom. The chill of death reigned over the Episcopal Palace at Blankharnpton; the awe of a great change bad fallen over the old city. For on the previous day Edward, by Divine Providence, Lord Bishop of the Diocese, had been carried to his last long home in the cloisters of his Cathedral Church. The townsfolk had scarce as yet begun to wonder who would be the new Bishop. They were full of the quiet scholarly graces of the departed prelate — they had forgotten how. often th-y had blamed him for not having been more prominent among them, for being so gentle, so full of humility and all those meek qualities which, as a kind of sop to our consciences, we make a point of attributing to Christ, and which almost uni versally we utterly despise in the man ! Yes, they had forgotten all the irritations, the petty irritations of the past; their spiritual head, sanctified by great suffering, had become to them a dear saint in glory, whose blameless life among them would be a bright beacon to guide ithem on that dark road which we mnst all tread one day. ; Perhaps there is no irony so caustic as the irony of events ! A great spiritual lord was looming in the distance; the hot far distance, who would be in most things what th° good folk of Blankhampton had wished in him who had just left them; a big heavy - jowled man of great dignity of bearing, ponderous and arrogant, a patron of Christianity rather than a servant of Christ ; a man who would make a rule of being prominent among his people, who would be their superior in things of earth as well as in things of heaven, a man who would seldom try to be affable, and if he did would invariably make all beholders wish fervently that he would not, a man of the world worldly, a Bishop of Society, not the society of his own See, but that portion of the world which is called the ' Upper Ten Thousand,' and is commonly spelt with a capitals. As yet, however, Blankhampton was untroubled by the personal attributes of bishops still to come; it mourned him who was just gone, and over the palace where he had held gentle sway during nearly 15 happy and peaceful years there still hung the dim shadow of his departed presence, a cloud of mourning and woe. It was not generally known that Bishop Trevor, as already they had begun to call him, had a very romantic history. The little world of Blankbampton knew that he had been called early to the dignity of the Bench, that he had married a lady of title immediately on his taking i-p his new office,— a lady who had once been beautiful and young, but was then some five or six and thirty years old. They had seemed very happy together, and after two years Lady Constance bore her lord a son, and in giving birth to the child her own meek and gentle life had slipped away. The child flourished and throve apace ; the nurse who had charge of him was ia time succeeded by a governess and the governess by a tutor, and when Jack Trevor was a little over 12 years old the Bishop, after nmny months of intense suffering, died, and no otber mistress had ever come to take the place of the gentle middle aged bride who had come home to the Palace pearly 15 years before. So much did Blankhampton know of the matter, but no more. -They did not know that many and many a year agone a son of the then Lord Trevor had married for love and in defiance of his father, and that their Bishop was the only child of that marriage— that be lived in poverty aad educated Lib only son no one knew how ; that Edward Trevor had won scholarships as a boy, had worke i himself through a 'varsity career without costing his father a penny beyond his modett tailor's bill, that he had worked on from point to point until he became headmaster of a great Public school, and that as a young man he bad met and worshipped her who afterwards became his wife, and dared not ask her to marry him, partlv because he had his own parents to support in their older years and partly because Lady Constance's ppople were suoh as would not willingly h*e»r of their loveliest daughter marrying into what for her position would be dire poverty. Yet Lady Constance had given all her heart to the straight-limbed, gentle-eyed young parson, who had never set eyes on the head of his houso or seen ihe home of hiB ancestors, and one gay or lordlv lover after another went sadly away with 'no' for'an answer, and all the best years of her life went by waiting for what she had no hope might ever come to pass. Dear, dear, what tender romances there are sometimes in lives that seem to the outer world both common-place and uneventful. It happened one fair June morning that Lady Constance had been driving with her mother. They had been to see her youngest married sister— they were all married except Constance, and my lady, the Countess, had been expatiating on the way home on the singu larity of Constance remaining so long a epinBter. ?? I cannot tell .you how it is, Connie,' she said; 'you must have been hard to please. Margaret will not com pare with you for an instant, and she never was half so agreeable or so sweet- tempered, and yet she is Mar chioneEB of Ormsby, and you are Constance Gascoigne yet.1' 'I suppose^ .was hard to please, dear mother,*' . answered Lady 'Constance, smiling softly, as her heart Ilew to a great Public school which she had never seen — where he ruled supreme.. ♦'Not but. that I should mi*s you dreadfully, Connie, ' myilady went on tenderly, ' but I don't like to see Margarej^jittle airs and graces, and- ? ' ?' Never mind,' dear 'mother,' said the other smiling, broadly now. ? ^\\. ''_'. v . -. They reacted home a moment later, a handsome house 'in Gro&enor-square;, and a tall servant in livery came to meet them. 'There is a gendemsn, my ladv;™ lie said, Jlthe Bishop of Blankhampton— he asked for Lady Con stance.' - - 'I will goto him,' said Lady Constance. 'I dare say it is about the Home of Best You'll come, won't you, mother?' ?? Presently, dear. Carry my books into the library, James.' The dauerhter went upstairs, and the mother went into the library. 'Shall I lay another cover for lunch, my lady?' James inquired. «?' I ibinfc not, James. We don't know the Bishop of Blankhampton.' ' Pardon me, my lady,' James answered, 'but he has been here several times. He used to be Dr. Trevor.' \ .,., ?' Dr. Trevor r^r-.' and then her ladyship rat down and stared; arihejservant .with all her. eyes— 'the Bishop of ^-j~ggvli«ally, James, you have surprised me. CertainljrSt^her. cover must be. laid. He will probably stay to luncheon.'- : - ???'?'? And when she was left alone Ladv Gascoigne knew both past and present as clearly as if she had been Dr. lrevor himself— she knew why so many men who had loved her beautiful daughter had ridden away hopeless and disappointed ; she saw it all plainly enough now, and she went straight past the boudoir door to her own room, and never put in an appearance until the lunch bell rang. Meantime Lidy Constance had gone unsuspiciously to her visitor and found, instead of a portly old bishop, an eager-eyed broad-shouldered man, wbo held out two trembling hands and came lo meet her with two eager words upon his lips—' My darling— my dailinp,' and for answer Lady Constance went to him without any pretence of shyness, like a child to its mother. ??1 did not know who it was,' she said, with a glad dening in her voice. And by-and-by, when her ladyship came in, which she did with outstretched hand, Lady Constance cried, ' Mother, you knew !'» ' James told me,' she answered, and then she looked rather bard at her daughter and held out her hand. *' 1 am so happy, mother,' Lady Constance whispered, with a blush. ?'Lady Gascoigne— ' besan the Bishop, when she stopped him. '? Von need say nothing— I see it all,' she said. 'You shall talk to Lord Gascoigne presentlv. Will you give uie j our arm down the nairs ? ' It was not usual for them to go down with ceremony at that hour, and Ltdy Gascoigne never felt the need of an arm at any time ; but during the few steps they took together the Bit-hop understood that it was all right, and that his new honours had made the way smooth and easy for him. And the Bishop gave the intelligent James a couple of sovereigns before he left the house, to the further enlightenment of that functionary. Well, in due time they were married, and the bride went down to Blankbampton. 1 do not know what the good folk ihere bad expected or desired, but Lady Con stance Trevor did not impress herself very much upon them. Perhaps sbe did not try to do so. Anyway, it is certain that when she slipped quietly out of 'life nobody seemed to think that an irreparable loss had fallen upon the Bishop— they thought it was a pity that the baby, poor little thing, had not gone too, and they made sure that the bereaved husband would marry again when the year was over, and if they did not say it they most of them thought that it was to be hoped he would marry a more energetic woman next time. But they knew nothing of a terrible hour when the gentle Bishop had knelt beside his dying wife's bed, when he had watched the life that was all the world to him quickly ebbing away, ' Conty, Conty '—he had always called her Conty—' don't leave me— don't leave me,' he cried. ' Dear Eddy,' she atiswered, ' I think I have to go '—it was, oh ! such a faint faint voice. ' But I'll wait in Heaven for you, and— and— you'll have the child.' _'* I'll come as you leave me, Conty,' cried the poor Bishop in an agony of grief, with the tears streaming down his face. ' That is in your hands, darling,' she said tenderly. It was soon over after that, and Blankhampton waited and waited for a new mistress to reign at the Palace, waited and waited in vain ; no other woman ever came to supplant the love of his youth, the dear wife of his days of success, and Edward, Lord Bishop of Blank hampton, as he lud promised, went, when his time came, to seek his Conty in the other world, us she had left him in this one. Chapter II.— GIRL AND BOY. A boy's vill is the wind's will. Sunday came and went ! An immense congregation gathered in the parish— as the Cathedral is lamiliarly called in Blunkhampton— to do the last honours to the dead Bishop, and to listen to the address of eulogy which was given by the Dean. In one corner of the Palace pew sat Lady Gascoigne— the Countess Dowager now— weeping copiously, as much out of genuine affection for him who was gone as for the painful remembrances of her dear lost daughter which rne past week had brought back to nor. And in the other corner, his accustomed place, sat young Gas coigne Trevor, more commonly known as ' Jack.' That service was a terrible ordeal for the boy. He was only 13 years old, and the pew apportioned' to the Palace was like the corresponding one belonging to the Deanery, so prominently placed that its occupauts were the observed of all observers. Every sob that escaped his grandmother's lips tore his heart afresh with an agony that was almost past bearing. But on both sides he had come of a proud t- took ; he had inherited the blood which can go to the stake with a smile and will accept triumph or ruin without so much as tbe quiver of a single muscle. He could not keep back the tears which would force their way from under his unwilling eyelids, but he would have died before he would have lifted a hand to wipe them away. And when all was over he had to face the ordeal of passing down the crowded nave between the ranks of eager spectators, each one seeming more anxious than another to get a good look at the Countess and the Bishop's only son. What do you say, my reader ? That you don't believe that any one would linger at such a time to gaze at the fresh grief of the newly bereaved. Well, all I can 6ay is that young Jack Trevor knew Blackhampton better than you do ! He, poor boy, recalled cleariv enough the time two years before, when the old Dean had died, when the people, in their anxiety to miss nothing of such a raree-show as three heartbroken girls, had not hesi tated to climb the three steps which led to the Deanery pew and bang on to the door, so as to get a reallv satisfying look at the sobbing, crape- shrouded figures still kneeling with their faces hidden in their hands ! ' So Jack knew well enough that there was no escape for him. and he gave his slight young arm to his grand mother and passed steadi.'y through the throng of people, bis face pale as death, his eyes dimmed with tears, yet with bis head well up in air, a boy with the heart of a man ! The Bishop had left his son to the guardianship of his uncle, Lord Gascoigne, coupled with a wish that he should spend as much time with his grandmother, Lady Gascoigne, as that lady and Jack himself should wish. ' I should like him to be as much with you as possible,' he had .said to Lady Gascoigne the week before his death. ' He is a good boy, very brave and truthful, and I don't think you will find him much (rouble.' ' Hdward,' said the old Countess, steadily, ' Jack is the very light of iny old age— my Connie's boy, whom she hardly saw. As you say, he'is brave and truthful ; but if he were not — if he were horrid, as many boys of his age are, 1 would still carry out all your wishes, if only out of my gratitude to you tor having been the best of husbands to my girl, and for never baving put another woman in her place.' ' I never thought of it,' he said. ' But,' persisted the old lady, ''many men vonld have thought of it— most men would have thoueht of it— for, after a wife like Connie, you must have been often lonely and wretchtd. Many a nmn would have married again because the empty life was too grievous to bear.' ' 1 never thought of it,' repeated tbe Bishop, simply, and even then he did not tell ber of that last sad promise be had made his Conty ; that was a thing between him eud her too sacred to repeat even to her mother. Well, Lady Gascoigne and Jack went back to the Palace and tried to eat a miserable meal, which ended in tbe old Countess going off to her own room to keep quiet until time for the afternoon service at the parish, and Jack, forlorn and wretched, not liking to go to the stables, as was usual with him after luncheon on gun days, found hiiueblr somehow walking slowly and aimlessly tbroueh the West Garden. Now the West Garden was one of the prettiest bits about Ihe Palace ! Jack's mother had loved it, and the Bishop bad been accustomed to spend many hours pacing slowly up and down its neatly Kept pathways, thinking out his sermons and his addresses to the young— thinking often, too, of her who had so often walked there hand in hand with him. So Jack, hallowed by thoughts of him for whom his grief was yet fresh, found himself walking among the brigbt bued flower beds towards the bank of the river. And, as he walked, a voice called to him softly : 'Jack,' it said—' J*ck.' Jack Trevor quickened his footsteps as he heard it. ' Is it you, Ethel ?' he answered. The garden at this point ended in a narrow shnb bery, which in its turn led into a strip of meadow- land which ran to the bank of the river. A little wooden gate led from this sbubbery to the meadow, and at this* gate when Jack reached it he found the owner of the voice standing. ' Oh ! Jack dear,' she cried, ' I wanted so to see you — I did write. We are so sorry Jack, po sorry all of us. And I was in the parish this morning, Jack, and I cried all the time.' ' Let's go and sit on the bank, Ethel,' said Jack holding out his hand.' So together they went, Jack and his fn'pnd Ethel, and sat down on the river's bank in the bright August sunshine, and as Jack sat with bis band iu hers— not because they were by way of being sweetheart*, or in the habit of showing endeatments towards one another, but only and solely because Jack was in trouble— be began in some indefinable way to be comforted. His grandmother bad tried with all ber heart to comfort him. it is true, but with indifferent success, for every tear and S)b that escaped her lad} ship had only seemed to rive the heart of the boy more cruelly. Lady Gascoigne was big, and so— so sloppy ; yee, I know it's a vulgar word, yet nothing else seeniB to express ber so well. Her tears were so read v to flow, her tongue was inces sant, her reminiscences agonising. Ethel was different, she was so gentle and so pretty, she had known the Bishop ever so much better than his mother-in-law bad done. She mourned for him with nil her true and tender childish heart, yet tears did not have the effect of flutrying her whole face as always happened with Lady Goscoigne— tears only made her eyes look like forget-me-nots after a shower of rain. ' Mother says, Jack,' said Ethel presently, ' that you will be going away from the Palace now.' ' Yes. lam going to live with my grandmother,' be answered. ' In London?' ' Yes.' ' Will you never come back to Blankhampton again?' *' Oh ! yes, some day.' It was a subject on which just then Jack was very loth to enter ; but if the very young are good comforter*, sometimes they prove them selves unconscious inquisitors ot the first degree. All unconsciously Ethel went on. ?? When do you think, Jack?' ' I don't know. I shall come back when I bave a chance. I should have had to go next month in any case.' ' Yes,' Ethel sighed, ' Boys do have to go to school, but I missed you awfully last year; and I shall miss you now, I know.' ' You will have Marv Bamfylde ? ' he began. 'Yes; but Mary Bamfylde likes dolls,' with con temptuous emphasis on the word, ' and she screams if she sees a rat, and a wasp sends her out of her mind. She doesn't know how to bait a fishhook nor climb a tree, nor— nor anything !' ' Oh ! well, ftfary is a duffer, there's no doubt about it,' Jack said, in a tone of quiet conviction. ' There's Dolly Tennent— she's no good, she's such a mean little ? thin?; and there isLucv Vivian, she isn't much better. Welt, really, Ethel, unless you can put up with the Lawrences, 1 don't see what you will do.' ' I can't bear the Lawrences,' cried Ethel. ' They'll be better than nothing,' said Jack—' and when I get my holidays perhaps Mrs. Mordaunt will ask me down here— and I'll tell you what I'll do, Ethel, I'll ask Granny to invite you to stay with us in London or wherever we are.' 'Will you, Jack? Oh! that will be lovely. 1 know mother will ask you down here— I'll get her to auk Lady Gascoigne before she goes. I know she will.' So in hushed yet eager voices, the two children laid their plans for the future, and presently a servant came in search of Ethel. ' Miss Ethel,' he said, breaking in upon their talk, ' the mistreso has gone to get ready for Service.' 'Yes. I'll come in, James, thank you,' Ethel answered— she was a very polite little soul, whom the servants about the Cliffe worshipped. ' Are you going to service, Jack 'f ' ehe asked as James turned away. ' Oh ! yes.' ' Is Lady Gascoigne going ? ' ' Yes -at least I believe so.' Ethel pressed a little nearer to him. 'Jack,' she paid in an awed voice— ' Wasn't it awful thiB morn ing ? ' Jack could not help shivering in spite of the bright sunshine which was streaming down upon them ' Xes, it was- horrible,' he answered. ' People think it interesting to see anyone in trouble, ' said Ethel, with unconscious irony ; 'and, instead of looking the other way, as they ought to, they stare as if it was a peep-show.' 'Yes,' said Jack. There was. a moment's silence. Already they were walking along the pathway running through the shrubbery which divided the palace grounds from the gardens of the Cliffe, and as they reached the little gate through which James had just passed. Jack turned to his little iriend. 'Ethel,' he said, *'look here* I'm going to leave you my bull-pup.' 'ihe ready tears began to fill tde child's lovelv eyes 'Oh ! Jack,' sbe cried— then by a sudden impulse she flung her arms about him and held up her sweet little lace to bis. ' Dear, dear Jack,' she said, ' but won't you want him dreadfully for yourself?' ' Yes. I daresay I'shallj' Jack answered with a boy's delightful candour; 'but Crummies is very fond of you, and he'll be happier down here than he would be in London.' ' Jack,' said Ethel, ' I will take care of Crummies for ever.' If Jack Trevor had been 10 years older he would have had a tender little remark to make then ? ' Happy Crummies ' or something of that kind ; as it was be rather roughly— for him— disengaged himself from the tender clasp of the clinging arms, and tore himself away with all a boy's aversion to anything approaching a scene. .. 'Oh! I daresay Crummies won't mind, he'll get a very good time.' he said gruffly, then went back to tbe Palace through the shrubbery and the West Garden winking hard to keep the tears which would come into his eyes, from falling. When he reached the house he found the carriage at the door, and Lady Gascoigne just coming down the Etairs, looking, oh ! eo large and so bot in her volumi nous crape-laden garments that the boy's heart fairly sank -within him at the prospect of Bitting through another service at the Parish. However, happily the afternoon service at the Parish is not a very lone one— just tbe evensong and an anthem, and while his grandmother was settling herself in the c»Triage, Jack had time to run upstairs and dash tome cold water into his wash-basin, into which be plunged bis quivering face. A good rub with a rough towel made bim look almost himself again, and in two minutes he had brur-hed his fair hair into a smooth wave across his head, and was downstairs again. And the parish was fuller than it had been in the morning even ; men and women were standing three deeD in the broad centre aisle, and in groups abent the comers of tbe stately old pawn, and as soon as Laov Gascoigne and Jack were seated a verger came to ask in an agonised whisper whether he might fill up the remaining stalls in their pew as usual. Lady Gnecoiene assented, of course— she had a heavy crape veil behind which to hide her tears- and immediately three smart young soldiers were put between her and Jock. Jack was thankful. He knew them all, had s«en them at bis father's table several times, and he knew that they would not stare at him unmercifully, as three women would have done. ? — ? - *- However, the service passed off better than might bave been expected. Lady Gascoigne did not begin to I weep until the anthem began; even then she only wept Eoftly and noiselessly. The souls of the righteous are in the bands of God, and there shall no torment touch them. In the sight of the unwise they seem to die : and their depar ture is taken for misery, but they are in peace. Then followed Spohr's ' Blest are the departed,' and then the congregation subsided into their seats while the offertory was collected. In less than 10 minutes after that Jack was leading bis grandmother through the crowd once more, and the dreadful day of public suffering was over. Looking- back in after years. Jack Trevor always de clared that his real boyhood ended on that day— that he then became a man in reality although he had but the form of a boy. In truth, at that time he was his grandmother's chief stay and comfort. And it was well that it was so; for her son, Lord Oascoigne, being laid up with a bad attack of gout, had not been able to go down to Blankhampton even for tbe funeral, and, necessarily, it was imperative for tbe executors to lose no time in arranging the bishop's affairs end in decid ing which of his belongings were to be .kept for his son and which were to be sold, as he had directed, by auction. But at the end of a week Lady Gasroigne had arranged almost everything, had sep*rat»d tbe pretty modern furniture, which the dead Bishop and Conty had bought, from the stately suites of carved oak, black and shining with the polish of years, which belonged to tbe Palace ; she had set aside all the most valuable of her daughter's wedding presents and flll ber jewellery, and these bad been packed ready to be taken to ber house in London. Tbe horses were all delivered over to the tender mercies of a local dealer and were to be sold during the following week, with tbe exception of a particularly handsome grey cob which bud been for several years a great favourite of the Bishop's and which Lady Gascoigne thought would be suitable for Jack to ride. And last, but certainly not least, the evening before Jack and Lady Gascoigne were to leave the Palace, the boy went over to the Cliffe to take Crummies, the bull-pup, to his new home and mistress. ' You know, Jack,' said Ethel's mother, ' 1 really don't think a bull-pup is quite the dog for a little girl of 10 years old ; but Ethel nas set her heart upon Crummies, so 1 suppose I must give in.' 'Oh ! yes, mother.' cried Ethel. 'Oh! yes, Mrs. Mordaunt,' echoed Jack wistfully. It was perhaps a little hard on him to have his parting gift to his old playfellow and friend regarded jn tbe light of a personal favour towards him rather than from him. He had given Ethel his dearest possession, a bull-pup of tbe true Matcham strain, he had offered it after a fierce struggle with himself, and had With diffi culty kept himself from going back on his word, giving as a pretext his doubt that Crummies would settle in a new home or tbe coachman's fear that the dog was not yet over the distemper. And then to have his precious pup received as if he were being given a grudging home out of charity to him and kindness to the giver ! Well, it was hard, and that is where grown-up people are often so stupid and so unseeing. If Mrs. Mordaunt had realised the depth of unselfishness and nobility which had their home within young Jack Trevor's bosom, her line of action ' from that day would have been so different that this story probably could never have been written, for tbe simple reason* that it would not have been there to write. As it was, ehe had yielded to Ethel's entreaties,- and understood nothing that was going on in the boy's heart. Ethel did ; but at that moment Ethel hardly counted ; J»ck only knew that she web the pluckiest little chum he had fver bad. 'He's a nice boy,' said Mrs. Mordaunt to her husband alitile later; ''but really I am not altogether sorry that he is going away, although it is true we shall never get such a neighbour as tbe dear Bishop again. But Ethel is getting as wild as a hawk, more like a boy than a girl.' ' She might be worse,' remarked Major Mordaunt, wbo had always been a great friend of Jack Trevor's ; ' the boy is as honest as day and as plucky as ? ' ' Oh ! yes, yes,' his wife broke in ; 'but there are other things to consider in a girl's training than those.' 'H'm,' muttered the Major: 'I don't know so much about that — honesty and pluck make a very decent groundwork — ve— ry decent, my dear.' Chapter III.— ONLY A MEMORY. I remember in the sunshine of my childhood's happy days ?A little maid 'with fair blue eyes and. sweet and simple ways. We wander'd mid the fragrance of the smiling summer flowers, And we play'd among the shadows of the fi relit winter hours. Years came and went— springs gave place to summers, and winter snows nipped the last gleam of beauty from autumn foliage, and so time. passed on. Bur, Jack Trevor never went back to his fond and faithful little plav ' fellow at the Cliffe. Crummies settled down in his new home and straight way forgot the young master whose heart hud been so sorely wrung at parting from him. Tou see, Crummies whs very young, and it is only old dogs who have any thiner to boast of in the way of memory, and although Ethel talked to him often of Jack, it must be confessed he was more than satisfied with the change. And Jack never went back. Not that Jack was to blame ; but when his first holidays came, that was at Christmas, Ethel was lying ill with a mild attack of Rear et fever, and the long-tnlked of visit was of necessity put off. And at mid«umtner— it was beforethe time of long Easter holidays— Mrs. Mordaunt and Ethel had gone to Switzerland to spend the summer, and apparently Mrn. Mordaunt never thought of asking him to pay his visit there. So the time went by, and gradually tbe correspondence between the two, which bad at first been regular and voluminous, fell off, not with apparent intention, but really insensibly: it dwindled from' weekly letters to letters on occasions— birthdays, valen tine?, Easter egga, Christmas and New Year's cards, and so on. Then at last there came a day when Ethel did not send back a valentine and Jack did not send Ethel a birthday gift. It was not Ethel's fault in the least; she had bought tbe card, but her mother had remarked in an acid sort of voice that really it was time now that she should let Jack Trevor alone. Jack missed the card sorely, though he said nothing about it to anvone, and Ethel cried over the want of tbe birth day gift and confided her grief to Crummies, who was getting a staid doe: now, and had always been discreet in keeping the confidences made to him, and the links of the chain once broken, the friendship between tbe two seemed to' die out . By this time Jack Trevor had left his first pctaool and had gone to Eton— he was in fact nearlv sixteen. His career at this, time was not especially remarkable. He had, owing to his father's foresight and prudence, a fortune of about £1200 a year, and was, therefore, as well off as was necessary for any school bo v. He still lived with his grandmother, and was still the very light and life of her old age. Like Most parsons' sons, he was remarkable for great proficiency in all manner of sport, and was very daring and full of courage. He rode* well, and drove well too, he was good at all manner of games, and was a handsome lad, well-made and fair faced, with frank eyes and a plsaeant mouth. He had that charm, too, which is perhaps the very greatest charm in a man, a sweet- speaking voice. - It was no wonder that old Lady Gascoigne loved him so. for he was far and away the flower among ber grand children. Lord Gascoigne, her eldest son, bad married late and had two little sans in hiB nursery who bad no trace of the Guscoignes about them, but strongly re sembled then- snappish, sharp-nosed little mother'both in face and in disposition. Mrs. Hugh Drummond had an immense number of sons and daughters, all sandy and freckled like their Scotch father. Her second girl had only one very deli cate boy, who spent most of his time lying on a sofa ; and the little Marchioness who had given herself airs to Conty was cbildlesB. Small wonder then that the old lady iiked Jack the best of all. From Eton Jack Trevor went to Sandhurst, and from Sandhurst he was gazetted to the loth Dragoons. Then his soul was satisfied, and he set himself to enjoy the two months' leave as only those who are young and unburdened with care can enjoy anything fie spent part of his leave in making a round of country yisitsLand among others he went to stay at the house of the Lord- Lieutenent of Blankshire, some half-dozen miles from tflankhampton and his old home. As a matter of coarse he met the Bishop, and equally as a matter of course he was introduced to him as the son of his predecessor, and naturally enough he was asked to dine at the Palace. Six years had gone by since he had seen the place, but the dreadful familiarity of everything struck him most painfully — he sat at the same table, on one of the self -same chairs on which he had sat as a boy; the same heraldic device was blazoned on the plates and dishes, graven on the spoons and forks, nay, the very butler was the same, the same who bad 'served his father faithfully during 10 years, and called him ' Mr. Jack,' just as he had done half-a-dozen years before. Once the old man apologised for his familiarity, and Jack looked round at him with his frank eves and ready smile. ' Why, Smithers,' he said, ' what would you call me? I don't suppose if I was at home here Etill that you would have learnt to call me anything else.' 'No, sir, I don't suppose I should,' Smithers answered, with a gratified smirk. ?? Mr. Jack's just the same as he used to be,' he remarked to the cook, who had also been one of the late Bishop's servants, and whom Mr. Smithers had hopes of marrying one day. «? I don't see a bit of difference at all. And, 'pon my word, but it's a treat, after this stuck-up lot that's afraid of opening their mouths for fear of what they may let out.' ' AU! Mr. Jack was always a dear boy.' said Mrs. Mennell— she was a spinster still, but enjoyed brevet rank in the household — ' manv's the time he's come to me for his cakes, or milk for the pup, or something of the kind ; and he gave that bull-pup to Miss Ethel over at the Cliffe. I remember it as well as if it was yester day.' Now it happened that just at this very moment Jack was saying to his hostess, 'By the bye, Mrs. Jones, do you gee much of the Mor daunts now?' The Bishop's wife hesi tated. ' Well, we do and we don't ! Just now they are abroad, and the house is shut up,' she answered. 'Is that so?' said Jack. 'I'm eorry. I need to know Ihem all very well. 'Ihe Major was always awfully good to me — he taught me nearly all I know in' the outdoor line. And Ethel was a great friend of mine— a great friend.' ' Ah ! yes ! ' — Mrs. Jonee, who was a beauti ful woman, turned her face a little aside and looked pensively at a tray of flowers in lrobt of her—' But you have not seen her since you were here?' 'Never,' Jack answered. ' We always meant to spend our holidays together, but we never did. Perhaps Mrs. Mordaunt didn't want me down here, and my grandmother is not young, and perhaps she did not want two of u« bothering her at once. 1 don't know how it was, but we never saw each other again after I ? Jeft Blankhampton. What is Ethel like now?' ' She is pretty,' said Mrs. Jones quietly — ' decidedly pretty.' I 'wonder .why it is that there is no disparagement so effectual as damning with taint praise. In that short conversation Jack Trevor gathered something that was utterly unjust towards Ethel Mordaunt's ~ looks. Mrs. Jones said no more on the subject, and neither did he, but presently nhe said care lessly : ' By the bye, you know of course that Ethpl Mordaunt is going to be married ?' Jack started at her in astonishment—' (ioing to be married,' he echoed—' you don't mean it?' 'Oh! ye?, I do. She is to be married early in Sep tember,' the lady replied. 'You surprise me,'_ he exclaimed. *'But — but isn't she very young ? ' 'Yes, I suppose she is — about 18, I think, the has been introduced nearly a year.' ' And who is the man ? ' ?' A Major Dennis— of the 24th Lancers. They have been quartered here for nearly two years.' ' But he must be old enough to be her father,' Jack broke out. ' Scarcely that,' said the Bishop's wife indifferently — ' but he is older, of course. You see, it is a good marriage. Major Den nis is next to the Frothing ham title— that makes such a difference.' ' Yes, I suppose it does,' Jack agreed. I hardlv know how it was, but he left the Palace that evening with his earliest and tenderest ideal shat tered. Although he had never seen Ethel since they parted just after his father's death, he felt as if he had lost something, something dear to him. He was romantic enough, however, to borrow a mount the following morning and ride over to the Cliffe, where he found a strange lodgekeeper who did not know him, but who told him that the family were away and the house in charge of Mrs. Sommers. ' Mrs. Sommers,' repeated Jack—' that was old nurse's name, surely.' ' Mrs. Sommers did use to be Miss Mordaunt's nurse, sir,' replied the lodgekeeper. ' lhen I'll go up to the house to see her.' said Jack, and he rode through the gate and alone the well kept driv* to the whitewalled mansion where his first love had lived all her life. A neat housemaid came to the door. ' Yes,' she told him, ' Mrs. Sommers was at home. Who should she \- eay?' ' Mr. Trevor,' Jack answered ; and in two minutes Mrs. Sommers came to him. ' Dear heart,' she cried, ' if it isn't Mr. Jack.' ' Yes, nurse,' answered he, holding out both his hands, ' it is. And who is this — not Crummies, surelv ? » ' Yes, it is, sir. The master and mistress and Miss Ethel are abroad, and Crummies stays to keeps me company.' The bull — well, I was going to say bull-pup, but Crummies was long past the days of his youth— the bull-dog came quietly up to Jack and investigated him suspiciously. 'Now, now, old chap,' said Jack easily— 'you i don't know me, of course — how bhould you ? — but you may take me on trust, old chap ; give you mv word for that.' Apparently the investigation satisfied Mr. Crummies, for, after walking several times around Jack's chair, be sat down beside him and rested himself in a humped- up sort of way against his leg. ' Does he do that often ?' Jack asked. ' Not often, Master Jack,' answered Mrs. Sommers, ' only when he's most pleased with anyone.' There was a moment's silence, Jack smootbingthe dog's brindled head the while. At last he looked up at the old lady. ?'Nurse,' he said, 'I hear Ethel is going to be married.' ' Yes, I believe she is, Master Jack,' answered she, shutting her lips very closely and smoothing her silk apron down in a severe kind of way. ' Don't you like the marriage, nurse ?' he asked. Mrs. Sommers' lips took a yet severer curve. ' I haven't been asked to give an opinion, Master Jack,' she said, in a passionless kind of voice. Jack knew by experience that wild horses would not drag another word out of the old lady, so he began to stroke Crummies again, and then to ask after various old servants and persons about the vicinity of the Palace whom he remembered as a boy. ' You used to sav you were going to be a soldier. Master Jack,' said Mrs. Sommers, when they had come to an end of that subjtct. ' so I am. I'm an officer of the 15th Dragoons now. I haven't joined yet, but I shall do next month. Trevor caught her hand and pushed the white sleeve still further hack. — Chapter II, I say, nurse,1 he went on. -( nave you a photograph of Mies Ethel anywhere ? I should like to see her.' ''I'm afraid I haven't, Manter Jack ; bnt there may be one in the drawing-room,' she answered. ' Will you come and pee ?' But Jack was doomed to disappointment. Either the albums had been put away or Ethel had taken them with her, for Mrs. Sommerfi could find nothing but a faded old picture of Ethel taken years before in the garden with the dog Crummies pitting beside her. ' I'm afraid that's the only one,' she said. ' And that was taken about the time you left the Palace, Master Jack. Miss Ethel has altered a good deal since then.' 41 How altered, nurse ?' ' YVell, she's tall and pale, sir. She doefn't know what it is to have her own way. The mistress fancied she had got to be hoydenish, and she had governesses for this and masters for that, till ail the life seemed to be taken out of her.' ' And yet she is marrying early.' ' The mistress wishes it, sir. The mistress believes in early marriages if there is money in the case. And there is monev here, any amount of it.' ' 1 see.' said Jaik. Bur, all the fame, Jack only thought that he saw; and presently he rode away 'from the Cliffe where he had spent so many happy hours in the days that were eone by, feeling — well, as if he had been to'look at some fondly-cherished and carefnily-bidden treasure and had found that it had been stolen away long before and only a blank left. Toor dear little Ethel! He did not like to think somehow of that brave and fearless little soul being cramped and restricted by all the tediousness of a con ventional education. Ethel, who had been as good almost at climbing trees as be was, who would patiently dig for bait or watch for a rat with all the zeal of a real sportswoman— Ethel, who despised dolls and had been used to turn up ber swe't little nose at all girls' games. Well, it was unnatural, somehow, to think of her being tied down to needle- work and piano-practice, to minding her manners particularly and taking care of her complexion. True, it. was a lovely complexion — he remembered that — but Jack had never thought it so lovely as when the red roses had bloomed through the brown of the sun's kisses; and now she was pale. It was simply horrid to think of, and Jack shuddered a little as he rode through the pleasant morning air. with a pang at his heart at the thought of how she must many and many a time have pined for her old playfellow again. ' I suppose it had its influence upon her at last,' he said to himself, as he stroked his horse's fare with his whip. ' like pinching has on a Chinese woman's foot. ! At all events, she gave up sending me a valentine. Poor little girl ! ' Chapter IV.-THE FIGHTING FIFTEENTH. The manliest thing in this world is to do your duty in that state of life to -which it shall please God to call you. After this time, Jack Trevor's life underwent a great change; it seemed to flow inte^different channels altogether. In fact, he was then virbwn entirely upon his own responsibility, as much so as was possible with a young man not yet of age. ' I think, Jack,' Lord Gascoigne said to him the night before he went down to Brighton to join his regi ment — ' I think that you had better have an allowance of, say, four hundred a year. It's quite enough for a newly joined subaltern, in fact, I never had more till I was tive-and-twenty. You will have your full in come of course when you come of age, but till then it will really be far more to your advantage if you only have a part of it.' 'All right,' said Jack. He was not extra vagnnt, he had no large ideas, no loveof show, aod io him £400 a year seemed quite as much as he was likt-ly to want for the present. *' All the same, Uncle Dick, he raid, ' I don't see quite how I am to buy my chargers out of it.' ' No, no, you must be started properly, of course,' Lord Gascoigne replied. '? You'll find three horses enough for you, I should think.' ' I suppose so,' said Jack, ' unless I should want a polo-pony.' ' I don't see how you'll do it on four hundred a year,' Lord Gascoigne said thoughtfully. 'But of course, Jack, if you really want more, the money is there and you can have it ; only 1 don't want you to get into tbe way of spending it simply because it is there to be spent — do you see ?' ' Oh ! yes, I see,' answered Jack easily. ' I dare say I shall make four hundred do very well.' Lord Gascoigne had, however, something more to say. ' You see, Jack, twelve hundred a year is a very good income for a bachelor, and as long as you remain a bachelor you are all right ; but, if you should want to get married, why,, you'll find twelve hundred a year just next to nothing at all.' ' I'll keep it in mind,' said Jack, carefully peeling a walnut. 'I'll keep it in mind all tb'e time.' 'Yes. that's just what I want,' said Lord Gas coigne, greatly relieved by the rf suit of his conversa tion. He had been trying for several days to mention the matter to Jack, and now felt quite clever and pleased with himself at his success. Lord Gascoigne was a very nervous man, who hated interfering in other people's busii e^s. Although he was Jack's guardian, he in variably felt that he was extremely impertinent io.be interfering with his private affairs ; and probably, had it not been for his mother's strong representations on the subject, he would have quietly let the question of money matters slide altogether, end Jack would have joined his new regiment in the unrestricted enjoyment of his full income. ' My dear boy,' said old Lady Gascoigne, as they sat together nt breakfast the following morning— ' I never lectured my own son when he went out into the world, and I'm not going to lecture yon. But you'll try and keep out of scrapes, won't you ?' ' Yes, Granny,' he auswered, and he looked at her with his mother's very own eyes and bis father's frank and fearless smile, and then he stretched out his strong young h-«nd fo her— ?? And if I do have such bad luck as to getinto any, I'll let you know at once.' Lady Gascoigne laid her beautiful old hand, plump and white us a baby's, in his—' That was alt I wanted to say,' she ?flhid — ' except— except ? ' ' Yes, Granny,' 6aid Jack, 'except ? ' ' Well, except that when you marry, dear, I only wish especially for two things in your wife — that she will be a good girl and a lady. You won't forget that your mother was both.' Jack edged his chair a little nearer to the old lady's, and put his arm around her in a winning way peculiarly his own. ' Dear Granny,' he said, 'I never knew my mother, but I shall not forget lhat my grand mother is the very ideal of both. 1 shall never brine any wife to you. Granny, that you would be ashamed to receive ; you have spoilt me for second-rate women.' ' My dear boy,' she cried. 'And if that isn't a pretty speech for a child of 20 to make to his grandmother,' Jack cried, 'why, bent it if you can, Granny, that's all.' Thus with the approval and confidence of bis nearest relations, Jack 'I revor went down to Brighton to join his regiment. It is a terrible ordeal for any j-oung man, but I must pay, he got through it as easily as he could have expected or wished. He had Devereeen the cramped little barracks, but as he drove up to the officers' mefs and looked out at the double row of win dows all gaily decked out with smart flower-boxes filled with blooming moon daisies and red geraniums, be thought the place was as cheerful and homelike as any place he had ever lived in ; and then be got out of the carriage and wondered what would become of him next. While he was waiting there a tall young man came out and accosted bim. ''1 suppose you're Mr. Trevor? How d'you do ?' 'How do you do?' said Jack. ' My name isDorrington,' said the tall young man ; ' orderly officer for the day, more's the pity.' ' Very glad to meet you,' said Jack, in his easiest voice. ' And can you tell me where my things are to go?' 'Well, you are to have the rooms next to mine,' said Dorrington ; ' your cab had better go round to the back, and I'll tell you what — put your traps into my quarters and you can dress there.' 'Oh! thanks, awfully,' said Jack. Dorrington looked aside at him. 'Let's walk round. Look here, my friend, I'll give you the straight tip: Don't let the Colonel hear you say ' awfully.' It's like a red rag to a bull, and sets him off on the Service going to the dogs; how officer* used to be gentlemen, and all that sort of thing ; and all the fellows who have to sit and listen to his tommy rot will hate you like poison.' 'Thank you,' Jack said gratefully. He had already had a little experience of the ways of commanding officer/ and knew the value of good advice when he saw that it wrr priori - ' When do your things come — chairs — tables -cot and all that?' Dorrington asked. ' I believe they've come already,' Jack replied. ' Then the sooner they are started making you com fortable for the night the better; or, stay, I've got a second little cot in my room I put 'my brother up some times when he comes to see me. Will you sleep there to-night ? It'll be much more comfortable than your own quarters can possibly be.' ' It's really most— uncommonly good of you,' said Jack, who had been on the point of using the obnoxious word again. ' Not at all, not at all. Come info the moos-room and have a brandy and soda, and then I'll lake you round to the office and introduce you to the Colonel. He's not in th« best of tempers to-day— he discovered this morning that the big iron roller has been left out in the rain and has got rusty. Says it's pimply scan dalous that there is a proper shed with ' R'iHer-fib*d ' marked on the door as large as you please, and the roller is left to spoil in the rain simply because it's Government property and belongs to nobody in parti cular. Nobody dare tell him that the roller- shed is uoed to keep his forage in. They'll tell him byand bye when he's got over the rust on tbe roller a little.' Jack Trevor burst out laughing ; he foresaw a very good time in the Fighting Fifteenth. I do not know how it is but, be the newly- joined subaltern ever so blessed with a good opinion of him self, he cannot help admiring the subaltern of two months' or perhaps two years' standing who happens to be the one to receive him when he makes his first ap pearance in what is to be his home for the time that he WHEN THE ILK All r IS YOUNG. ?CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY KESORL'S ? I ? emains in her Majesty's Service. The subaltern of 1 standing is used to the place, be is used to hie uniform, ; and his boots make more noise and bis spore jingle j more, perhaps, than any other boots ana spurs to be ; found in the whole regiment. He swaggers a good bit, i and yet it is- not offensive swagger — he shouts for his ; man Jinks, or for a mes9-waiter, or for ' Attention ' | when he enters a troop-room, in such a voice of com- i tnand (hat outsiders cannot help positively respecting : him for being able to do it ! ! Jack Trevor had lived all his life in an atmosphere ; of command, but he thought Dorrington one of the '? very, finest fellows he had ever come across, and his , very admiration made the dreadful ordeal of joining I ?come the easier to him. j 'F suppose you've got yonr chargers r1' eaid his i new friend as they walked across the square towards | the office. ' j ' Oh yes, they're 'coming down to-morrow, my ; chargers and my own gee.' ; Dorrington began to bite the end of his thumb in a j thoughtful kind of way. ' 1 wonder where the devil you'll put them ':' he remarked. : ' Why 'r' ; ' Because there isn't a stall to spare in the whole I arracks. What a joke it will be if they have to turn j be Colonel's forage out to put a roof over your horses' i heads ! Now, here we are.' lie opened the door of the office, and Jack found him self in the presence of the commanding officer, who was j fiittitiL' on the corner of the large square table which ; stood in the middle of the room. j ' I've brought Mr. Trevor to see you, sir— i the ntw subaltern,' said Dorringlon. * j 'Jir— how de do— now ae do ': Very glad to see you,' said tbe Colonel, getting off the table for a minute, and then immediately sitting down again when he had shaken jack by tbe hand. ' 1 hope you'll like your work and find your quarters cornlortable. Mr. Dorring lon must look after you, and— and put you up to our ways a little.' Dorrington put up his hand in a geRture that was halt a salute and half an expre.-f-ion of assent to the Colonel's words. Jack made haste to assure the com miiidinp'-ofticer thai this had already been done, or rather had already been begun. ' Thank you, sir; I've already been— aw— that is uncommonly well looked after,' he said, in his pleasant eaty voice. ' Mr. Dorrington has been quite the Good Samaritan to uie.' 11 M ot because you have fallen among thieves, I hope,' said tbe Colonel quickly; then -went off into a fit of laughter at his own joke, Dorrington end Jack both joining in as it wit so brilliant had never fallen upon their ears before. ' Let me see,' said tbe. Colonel, when they had re covered themselves a little; ' Lord Gatcoigne is your guardian.' 'And my uncle, sii,' ack answered. ' Oh, really ! Then your mother was ? ' 41 Lady Constance Gus coigne, Kir.' ' Atid your father?' ' Was Bishop of Blank - haiupion.' ' Vou don't 8Hy 60. Why, 1 once dined wirh him at tb« Palace — I remember him ?well. He was once head master of—' 41 Yes, sir, he was.' 'And a very fine fellow he was. too. I am very glad to have his son amongst, ruy officers. By-the-bye, bav« you got your horses down jet'r'' 'No, sir, they come to morrow,' Jack answered. ' Ah ! yes ; and how many ?' 'Ttnee, sir.' ?' Tinee— I eee. Well, we haven't much room ; but— er — Mr. Dorrington, vou might f-neak to Air. Lou« about ill He must find room for them, of course.' ' I'll tell him what v°u aay, sir,' said Dorringlon, with] grim humour, and Jack, rememberiug his littlu story about the ltoller Mied, was seized with a wild de sire to go off into a fit of laughing. Happily, the ? Colonel dismisssed them then, and they were »ble t.i go out into the open air and laugh as much as they pleaKcd. '? Here's old Long com ing,' said Dorrington as they walk 3d back ar.ro -s tbo square. %t Lone, this is th« new subaltern; Mr. Trevor.' The Quartermaster put out his hand. ' Very glad to see you.' ' How d'you do 'r ' suid Jack. ?' Mr. Trevor has brought down three horses ; at least they're coming to»morrow, Long,' said Doirington, getting straight to his sub ject; 'and the Colonel says you've got to find room for 'em somewhere or other.' 'I don't know where,' said the Quartermaster, with a blank face. 'I think the Colonel thinks Brighton Barracks are elastic. I don't know where three extra horses are going, unless I turn my own horses out into the yard.' 'Well, you've got to-night to think about it in, Long,' said Dorrington soothingly. «' Anyway, that was what the Chief told me to tell you.' 44 Well, of course— if the Colonel says so, it'll have to be done; though how would puzzle the Pope him self,' the Quartermaster declared. j ♦4 There's always the Holler Shed,' suggested Dor- i rington slyly. 44 Ah ! yes, there is— and there's the messrooni and the office,' cried the other with a loud laugh, 44 Rum old chap, Long,'s*id Dorrington, ae they walked on. ' He'll manage it somehow and you'll probably have to pay toll, so to speak.' ' Oh, 1 shall get over that,' eaid Jack good naturedly. Well, after this Jack really got on uncommonly well. He was 4* drawn ' the first night that he slept in his own quarters, which were small and poky and like the royal 4- we ' expressed more than there was t« express ; and the second night they made hay in his rooms, and the third they tried him by messroom court-martial for one or two trifling blunders he had made durinsr the day. Yet on the whole he got on remarkably well and was soon at home amone his brother-officers, sooner than he was in the strange' mazes of Brighton society, whose 250 clearly defined and distinct cliques soon make the unwary one, who goes there feeliDg in love and charity with all men, learn to tread like a weary pilgrim on unboiled peas. Chapter V.-KEW QUARTERS. Time is a file that wears and makee no noise. Four jears had gone by. Jack Trevor had long ago become an established favourite in the Fighting Fifteenth, was keen on soldiering, gay as a boy, though, on occasion, he could and sometimes did blaze up in a very pretty show of fiery wrath. The Fifteenth 'were quartered at Cherteey Camp. Not a particularly lively spot, nor one in which a soldier is ever very well pleased to find himself. However, in a soldier's life, place is altogether a question of chance, and on the whole the Fifteenth had not been very hardly used. From Brighton they had gone to Leeds, and from Leeds to Norwich, where they were utterly spoilt ; and now they were in camp at Cbertsey for two year*, with the pleasant prospect of a long spell in Ireland when they should find themselves on the move again. However, after the manner of soldiers, as they bad nearly two years in front of them which must perforce be spent in CherUey, the regiment on the whole settJed itself down and made the best of the present, without more ado than a few groans at the mention of the future. The mess-hut bad been smartened «s much as possible, and all the windows were gay with bright flowers. The little enclosure in which the long but stood had been planted thickly with tall moon daisies, red geraniums, and yellow calceolarias, ' Trevor, you take care of Ethel, and I'll find the carriage.' — Chapter XVI. while odd corners were filled up with brave attempts at rockeries in the crevices of which little hardy ferns were flourishing as cheerfully as if they were growing on a wild west country cliff instead of an arid and a dusty camp. Well, well, they were conscientiously watered twice and even thrice a day, and perhaps the little ferns knew no better ; let us hope not. Anyway, certain it is that the enclosure around the mess-hut at Chertsey was ablaze with bnght hued flowers to eather which was to incur the severest penalty of the law, {something very dreadful, 1 know not quit^ what, though 1 fancy it stopped but little short of death itself. Nor was the mess-hut the only gay spot in the camp ; every hut almost had its patch of turf, sometimes scarcely more than an apology for the genuine thing, yet in most cases fostered by every artificial means within reach of camp-life ; every window had its little garden, and within the bubs, now tl at the first bustle of removal waB ever, everyone was busy making the best of the situation. In those of the married officers, the wives were most of them very busy — and let me tell you that there is nothing at which a really smart army woman will stop when she is doing up her quarters. There was much puzzling over a certain column in the Queen, where in a sister in arms lor a lone time was wont to discourse learnedly out of her own experience on cosy corners, upholstery, painting, papering, and the like. Some were busy with needle and thread, others with hammer and nails, or paint and brush, and in one of the unmarried officers' huts, or 1 should, to be quite correct, say outside it, our friend Jack Trevor with about half-a-dozen pots of enamel was excessively busy j converting an exceedingly Ehabby collection of chairs j and tables into what would be described in the trade as *?' a suite for a boudoir in ivory-white.' Jack himself was very hot and very much bedaubed with paint, and he had also got an ingenious way of | putting it on, which, though entirely satisfactory as to j the remit, involved a great deal more truuble in the actual procejp. This consisted of putting it on hot — and let me tell you that to re-enamel any article of fur niture out in the open and keep the pot of enamel hot '. the while i* anything but an easy business. ' '? Hi, Todd — Todd,' Jack called out, having di6- j covered that his paint was beginning to show signs of j the brush—'4 Todd, I say, I must have some more hot - water.' j ' Well, 'pon my foul,' said a voice behind him, ' I : don't know much about painting chairs and tables, but '? I never knew you did 'em with hot water before.' ; ' Ah, is that you, Montv. Come in, old chap,' Jack \ answered. ' Come in -I'm very busy.' j ' So I see,' said the new comer, pushing the little j gate open and strolling leisurely into tbe tiny enclosure, i * ' A re you too busy to come down to the town with me ?' i 41 Monty — Monty — stop— don't sit on that chair— it's j wet,' Jack yelled ; then at the sight of the jump which i Montv Carl ton gave, he went off into a gay peal of j laughter. ' Monty — Monty— 16 there another man in i the world but yourself who would go near white paint ' in his best uniform r ' I 4*Then why the devil,' asked Carlton' with imper- I turbable placidity, ' do you spread white paint about ! just wheie a fellow is likely to go ? By-the-by, old ; chap, are you thinking of getting mariied r' i 44 Married! No— why P» 4 'This bridal-like display,' with a gesture which included tbe old chairs and tables. ?4 Oh, they're not mine— they're for Mrs. Stratton, poor little thing. She can't manage them herself, and Stratton won't try. I say, Tcdd, Todd.' 44 Yes, sir,' said Todd, putting his head out of the door. 44 More hot water, paid Jack — 'and bring Mr. Carlton a chair out— the big one.' '?Yes. Mr,' said Todd, dirappearing neain. 441'I1 tell \ou what it is, my friend,' remarked Carl ton when he had got the chair and had comfortably settled himself therein— ''you'll have to Iook tut.' 14 Why ? ' Jack arted, as he diligently stirred the pot of paint with a lit of stick. 44 Why? It's clear enough— pretty woman— in- different husband -no monev— friendly subaltern— old chairs and tables— n^w coxt of paint— I say look ou-. 41 Whatan8«« you are, Monty,' said Jack, beginning to ply his broth aga n. 41 Perhaps. Eesp it in mind all the same,' answered Monty, with absolute good nature. 'what! that you're an ass, old chap? Oh! I needn't trouble to do that— you'll not let me ioiget it,' with a gav laugh. Monty laughed too. ' Yes, I know all that. It's a chestnut ; but no matter. Just mind what I say, that's all.' 41 Ail right, old chap, I will. All the same, up to the present moment there's been no need of it. I'm sorry for the little woman, for she's had hard lines all the time;. but she's a good little woman, and a loyal little woman, too ; and 1 should as soon think of cut ting my throat right away as of trying to presume on my acquaintance, or get the least little bit more familiar than nhe chooses me to be.' ' Yes, I know,' said Carlton, taking his cigarette out of his mouth; ' but I've noticed several times before that very pretty scandals have arisen out of the mildest and most plaionic intercourse with just that type of mild and good little downtrodden woman. However, it's no business of mine— only I've had it on mv mind to give you a hint for some time, and now I've done it it's off my mind, and we needn't say any more about it.' It was perhaps the longest speech that Jack had ever heard from Carlton, who was a man of remarkably few words. He laughed a little at the lecture, and put out; a rather paint-daubed hand to his comrade.' ' Old chap,' he said, 'it's awfully good of you to tell me if you see anything which makes you think I'm going into danger; but I assure you in this case there is no danger. I like Mrs. Stratton immensely — immensely, she's one of the best little women I ever knew, but I'm not even a little bit in love with her, and if I were it wouldn't be any pood for she simply adores Stratton— worships the very ground he walks on.' ' Good God ! ' ejaculated Carlton piously. 41 Yes, 1 know— but it's true all the same. And Stratton don't care a brass button for her— not a brats button.' ' H'm ! ' murmured Carlton thoughtfully. Then, after a moment's silence, he continued in a different tone: 'By the bye, you've heard, ot course, that Lawrence has arranged his exchange ? ' 'The Major ? No— 1 never believed he meant it. Who is it with'r ' ' A Major Dennis of the 24thLamers.' ' Ah ! — Do you know an- - thing about him '? ' ' Not a thing.' ' What dots the Colonel say ? ' :- Very 'little, for he kn'iws vt-rv little ; lie's never met him. But he said just l.o-v ' I've beard or him »h a vtity smart soldier,' so I suppose it's all right.' '?Ati!'1 and Juck went on wit i hie paiuiiotr nnd fiuiu'lfcd off the leg OC a cbai , which he then very (.??arelully Set aside 10 dry. ' I w.nider wtio he belongs ti and wheie he coined from ':' '' Something t- do with — with -nil! I forget,' «n tswervd C*i\U)U ctrtlessly. lie *Ht uaicbiug Jack till lie U..d nun-Led the Ui-t ai tide ot furniture. 'You've dune i.o*', tiaven'cyou r ' he a-i.eJ. Hitting up, with some suo-v of eagerness. -Only th ? first coat,' ansA'cml Jack. ?? V\ hat ! Are you going to do 'etii all over ajraiu 'r' ?? \Vby, -*«; of course, I am,1' Jaotc replied. ' Did you pver see a table witn -» e coat of paint that looked deront '(' '? Ho* should I know? A table might have a himired and ti ty coats of punt ou it bet'oie 1 thould. be any wiser. But, look here, old chip, can't you crop ic now, and come out with ine'r Ttiey can't be ory fuough to go over again yet.' ' What, as I am r' asked Jack, witn much gravity. '? N-', not as you are. Get y»uri-eli cl~«ntd it you c«u — Hud CGiue along. I want you to see a plate down ihrrv.' 'On, »ll right. Well, you go iiud get out of ^ our to^s, Mud lM be ready in a jiffy,' s.il Juck, having carefully cleaned bis brushes. lie disappeared into his hut, and Todd prt-senny chuh out and cleared the puiutd and biusbPK away. * Ain't such a had hand at ir,' he cnuckled lo kim-elr, as he exii'imed nis master's work. ? 1 expect it l-v kuaw I'd b' en in this 'eie v n liuo he'd r-tm t me oj pamtmtr for the 'ole bl-r-8' d barrack* ! Aye, b it J.isepii Toid ain't m«:Ii a a%s as to let ou whtit'll utt hUs-elr a mi t u' work without* n bleed'*! |euuv to show f'-r it. Nn. Jo.-euU Todd a n't quite such a uns as ill it.' In leN* ihxn 10 minutes Jauk J rcvor came our ot the hue looking Hri epic an hpaii iu his light bummer clxih-is, as if he had ljever he»rd ot Mich thiejr.3 a- ol-l chain and bibles in a 1 his life. He wvut acro»' to Cirlton'u hut and knocked on the door with the handle of his walking-stick. 44 Ready, old chap?' he shouted. Carlton opened the door. '' I wus just coming over to you,' he paid; and then the two officers turned and went away together in the direction of the town. They had got about half-way there when Cariton suddenly uttered an exclamation — 'It was Frothing - ham,' he said, in a tone, of relief. 4' What was Frothingham P ' asked Jack, a ltitle puzzled to know his meaning. 44 Well, it was Lord Frothingham. that the new Major is connected with,' Carlton replied. ' I've been trying to think of the name ever since. I fancy he was next to tbe title at one time, and that old Frothingham married when he was about a hundred and had several children.' 44 Hard lines for the Major,' said Jack: then walked on in silence, trying to piece together certain recollec tions which were hovering in his brain—44 Dennis — Frothingham— next to the title— Why, I have it ! ' he cried aloud; ' he was the man who married Ethel Mor daunt.' 4' And who was Ethel Mordauntf' Carlton asked. 44 She was the greatest pal I had when I was a boy ; her people's place was next to the Palace at Blank ham p ton, where I was born, you know. By Jove, what a jolly little soul she was.' Carlton looked aside at him. 'First love?' he asked, with a comical expression in eyes and mouth. Jack laughed. ' Well, perhaps.' ' H'm !' wirh a disgusted tone. Jack laughed yet more. 4- Oh, nothing of that kind — I haven't seen her fc» — for — oh! for over twelve years. She was a child in short frocks when I remember her. She's been married for years.' 41 She's younger than youp' 4 'Oh, yes. several years.' 44 Then she can't have bees married so many yeais old chap. I suppose now you'll spend all your time there.' ?'You forget: her husband will perhaps break my head if I try that on.' '? It's devouily to be hoped he will,' said Carl ton, who was never so happy as when with Jack, and greatly ? resenttd his being such e favourite as he was with all the married women with whom he was brought into contact. Chapter VI.- OLD FRIENDS. O, for yesterdays to come. In due time Major Lawrence bade farewell to the Fighting Fifteenth and departed with the usual honours, and in due time also Major Dennis appeared upon the scene. The first impression he tunde was a distinctly un . favourable one; he was big and loud-voiced, with a hard, weatherbeaten f.u-t-, and an unmistakably cruel mouth. The first day lie showed in barracks, or I should say in. tue iness^uoni. the Colonel brought him in just before lunch aud introduced him to all the officers assembled ttxere. Monty Carl ton opened his e\e« n little mure than usual, remembering that Jack irovjr uad spoken of this man's wife as a girl, a pretty girl. Jack was not in the room at the time, but he came in after a few minutes, and slipped into his place beBide Carlton. ' Who is that?' he asked in an undertone. ' New Major,' rtplied Carlton. Jack's eyebiows weut up and the corners of his mouth went d -\vn. That, Ethel Mordaunt's husband — , that coaree- mouthed, hard-faced, loud-voiced brute. Now he uuderstoud the oid nurse's reticence, now be knew the meaning of the severe linen about her mouth; thai, Ethel's husband! It was, incredible to him, incredible. ' By Jove,' his thoughts ran, ' bow she must have altered utter I left iSlaukhainpum. I suppose she has grown the very counterpart of her mother by this time.' '? a bat d'you think of him?' murmured Carllonin his ear . at that moment. ' I don't think auything at all,' answered Jack a shade sharply ; ' the outside of a mun makes very little difference one w-iy or the other ;' aud then he weut on wondering liow in the world a marriage cou.d by any possibility have come about or even been brought about betweeu such a man as Major Dennis and his oid iriend and first love, Ethel Mor daunt. Immediately afier lunch h6 wont round and asked the Colonel to introduce him to Major Dennis. ' I believe, tir,' he said in his pleasant voice, '' that I have the pleasure of knowing Mrs. Dennis.' ' Indeed,' returned the Major, without in any way helping Him. ?? It she wan Mis* Mordaunt of the Cliffe, Blank hampton,' Jack went on. ' Yes, my wife was Miss Mordaunt,' said the Major. -? My father was the Bishop of Blankhdtnpton,' said Jack; 'and )he Chtfe is next to the Palace. Miss Mordaunt and I were children together, and great friends.' '? Ah ! really— first love, I (suppose, and all that,' said the Major, w.tn a harsh laugh. The Colonel looked surprised and not a little disgusted ; Jack drew his head up rattier stiffly, und answered in scarcely such a pleasant voice as iie had tspoktiu in belure. * ' 1 have not Been her for over twelve years, sir. I cannot evtn eay if she remembers me.' a b the Colonel maintained a dead silence and Jack had not so much as the ghost of a smile on his face, it must have occurred to Major Dennis that he had said something wnicli would have been better left untaid. At all events, he burst into a somewhat uumirthtul laugh and patted Jack lightly on tne thoulder. '? Ah ! well, joking apart, 1 daresay Mrs. liennis will re meui ier you weil enough. Come down to the hotel and esee her. ' She hated leaving the old regiment, though she didn't want to go to India; but she doesn't think much or Cherisey, from what sbe has seen so far, and 1 fancy an old friend's lace will be a perfect godrend to her.' Jack's face cleared instantly. ' Thank you very much, sir. I should hk6 to tee Mrs. Dennis again immensely. Will sbe be at hume tins afternoon ?' ' Oh ! I should think so. I ahull not be able to get bick till after 5, but you can look in when you like, you know.' '?Thank you very much, uir,' said Jack, grate It happened to be a clear afternoon for him, and waen he had finished liie cigarette Jack strolled into C'arlton's hufc 'Monty,' he said, carelessly; 'I'm going down to call on Mrs. Dennis. Will you come ?' ' JNo,' said Carkon, promptly; 'you'll get on very weil without me.' ' (Jli ! dou't be ruotr, old chap ; come along,' Jack urged. *? Not to-day, ray friend.' ' But vou'll have to go. come time or other.' ' I daresay 1 shall.' 'Then why not do it now as well as to-morrow or next week.' ?? Oh ! 1 mayn't be aive next week ; then I shall get off it altogether.' ' Monty, what an ass you are.' ' 1 know, I know. But I'm not going to call on anyone to-day.' So Jack, finding his friend inflexible, went and changed what he calleJ h-s * toge,' and went off to the town to cull on hie old love, Ethel. Yes, she was at home, the waiter said. So Jack was taken upstairs, ieeiiug quite nervous at the prospect of seeing her again. The waiter opened the door of a room on the first -floor aud ushered him in with an announcement — ' Mr. lrevot.' Mrs. Dennis was bitting in a large lounging chair with her back to the du-r and was reading a book. She rose when the man spoke and eame to, meet her visitor; then, all at .once,, bhe utiered a cry of joyful surprise. ' Why, Jack,' she exclaimed. *? Jack ! Is it you P* She held out both her hands in her joy at seeing him, aadJtck took them and held them fast. 'Ethel — £thel— how little altered you are,' le cried. 'I should have known - on anywhere — anywhere.' * ? And why not, Jack ? ' she asked. ' What should change me? 1 am just the same Ethel you knew at home.' 'Nay, you are grown up— and married,' he said, smiling at her. ' And what difference does that make ? ' she deman ded. ** I couldn't help it in either case.' 'And £ hope you didn't want to help either,' said he, tryiLg not to show what he felt about her husband. 'Oh! well— well,' and she gave a t-oft eigh. 'I was so very young to be married, Jack, and Major Dennis is so much older than I am, you know. You've setn him, of course.' ' Oh ! yes. he gave me permission to call.' Mrs. Dennis began to laugh. ' How funny it is for you to call on me ! Oh ! isn't it funny ? ' ' But why ?' « Why ? Well, I cannot explain it, but it is funny all the same. Oh ! Jack, what lovely times we used to have in the old days at home. Do you remember?' 'kiow could £ forget?' he asfced half tenderly. ' What a pluckv little woman you were then. I wonder if you could Lait a hook now f' ' No, I'm sure I couldn't,' with a shudder'; 'but it was great fun all the same. And do you remember Crummies, Jack ?' ?' To be sure 1 do. What got him ?' i . 'Nothing. I have him still,' she answered. 'What! is Crummies alive yet?' Jack cried. ' Why. he must be as old as the hills.' ' Scarcely so old ae that. Stay, I'll fetch him.' She went to another door than* that by which he had entered, and called to the dog; and then an exceedingly dignified bulldog came slowly into eight, and appa rently recognised his mistress's visitor. ' Why, he knows you,' Ethel cried. ' And yet he cannot possibly remember you — not after all these years, and he such a baby when you gave him to me.' ' You forget. I saw him four vears ago.' ' Four years ago. When ? Where ?' she asked. 'At i he Cliffe, of course. Just before you were married,' he replied. ' Just before I was married ! But how was it I never saw you ?' 'You were away. I only saw old surge and Crummies.' ''Oh!— I see.' Then, after a moment's pause, '' Nurse never told me that you had been.' ' I wonder why r' eaid he, with some astonishment in his tones. Mrs. Dennis made a vague gesture as if to convey to him that she also wondered why she had never heard of the visit. Yet she knew well enough— well enough. She knew by an instinct which no woman ever mistakes exactly why nurse had not told her of the visitor who had found his way to the Cliffe during the absence of the family from home. Ethel knew well enongh, although not a word had passed between them on the subject, that her old nurse had been all along perfectly aware that she had had practically no choice in the matter of her marriage. Major Dennis had proposed to her, and at the same time had told her that be had her mother's consent, lie was ricb, and at that time stood next to the Frothmg ham title, and Ethel, after her conventional education, would no more have dared to refuse him than she would have dared to jump off the highest towerof Blankhamp ton Cathedral. She knew now that Nurse Sommers had held her peace only to be kind, only that the thoughts of btr dear old playfellow Jack might not help to make the burden of her marriage vows harder to bear. Well, well, it was all over now, and here was hi r - .Id friend Jack grown out of all remembrance. And what a fine fellow he was. Mrs. Dennis looked up at his goodly height, at his good fair face, and felt— well, likn a shrimp betide him. ?? . . '? Would you have Known me, Jack?' she asked suddenly. Jack laughed out aloud. ' Why, Ethel, of course I fchould have known you — anywhere. You are not a bit altered except that you've grown up, you know.' ' Well, that is enough alteration in most people,' she said, with a faint smile. They were sitting then on an old-fashioned, wide seated sofa, and Crummies was resting himself in a very majestic way against bis mistress's feet. And for* a long time the two went on talking: of the old days, a conversation of intense interest to them both, but one consisting' chiefly of 'Do you remember?' or ' Have you forgotten r'* *' Ah — what lovely times they were !' she jried with a fcigh, an she flung herself back in the corner of the sofa — 'lovely times. Oh! Jack, what a pity it iB that we ever grew up.' Jack Trevor looked aside at her and twiBted him self round a little as he sat. ' Why. Etbel, you don't mean to fay that you'd like to go back to the Cliffe and Blankhaiiipton again ?' he cried- '; ' Ah ! would 1 not ?' she answered. ' I do go home sometimes, you Know, but that's not the gams at all.' ' But you're happy— you have a good time ?' he asked anxiously. ' Oh ! to— so,'1 she replied. ' But you're not unhappy surely i' he cried in dismny. *? You mistook me,' returned Mrs. Dennis, pulling herself together witb an effort. ' I don't want you to understand that I am uuhappy ; and I suppose I get a very good time, if you call going out in society having a good time. But — but I think I was over- educated, and they did not begin as they meant to go on, which was a pity. They began with my father'? idea of education — outdoor exercise, riding, hunting, hYhing, climbing trees, a regular farm yard sort of -life; and, then attpr you went away from the Palace, they changed all that. I bad two governesses, and they taught me how to be lad} like. I was not allowed to ride much for fear of making me crooked ; I was not allowed to walk without a parasol for fear of spoiling my complexion : and I bad to take care of my hands, and (o do this, that, and the other, untii I hated in v life and wished many a time that 1 had sever been born. Perhaps if I had married a man who would have encouraged me to ride and drive and play tennis, I might have forgotten all the horrible process of my education. But Major Dennis hates masculine women, and never lets me get on a horse or have the reins in my hands.' ?* My poor little friend,' said Jack, taking the hand nearest to him in his own and holding it tenderly. ' All this must be so bad for you.' *' \es,' hopelessly. 'I might have got my nerve back and been quite my old self again by this time. But as it is — well, among them they have killed my nerve ; and— and— I think they have broken my heart too.' ' My poor little friend,' repeated Jack softly. She snatched her hand away. 'No, don't pity me,' sbe cried, with a half-hysterical laugh. *'£ cannot bear that, anything but that. I ought not to have told you. I assure jou. Jack, I never tell any body. We were four y-ars with the old recent, and not one of them knew I had ever been on a horse in my life.' 'You don't mean it?' ' Oh ! yes— but there, don't let us talk.of it again — it's not worth it. It all comes of over-educating me. I think I bad not brains enough to stand it.' ??And jour husband, Ethel, is he — is he— You are happy in your marriage ?' 'Oh! we gee along very well. My mother thinks it a great pity now that I married so young. You see, when we were married, Major Dennis was next to the Frolhingham title ; and two years and a-hulf ago old Lady t rothingham died and the old lord married again at once— within three months, or something like that. It wouldn't have mattered so much only they've got twin boy b a year old now, so the chanceB of my husband ever being Lord Frotbingham are exceedingly small.' ' But you don't care.' -.' Mot in the ieast I think I prefer to be as I am. But my mother took the marriage as a great trouble, and the twins almost proved her death. Major Dennis was disappointed. You see, he had looked upon himself so long tmd had been looked upon by others as the next Lord Frotbingham, and he feels dreadfully aggrieved about it.' *' I can understand that.' ' And Lord Frothingham added insult to injury by asking him to be godfather to the heir, * juBt to show there was no ill-feeling.' And he was so angry. I dared not laugh.' ' And he was angry?' ' Oh ! horribly— awfully angry.' ' And I don't wonder,' laughed Jack. ' It sennas to me that it can't really make much difference, but I can understand his being angry about it. By-the-bve, I wonder if we couldn't talk the Major over into letting you nde again.' Ethel started up in positive alarm. ' Oh ! no, don't try, don't think of it for an instant. He never would; and — and he would be sure to resent your ask ing such a thing, or even hinting at it. Promise me you won't Buggest anything of the kind ; promise me, Jack.' Her tone was so agonised, her entreaty bo urgent, that Jack turned and looked at her closely. ' I eav, Ethel,' he said slowlv, ' are you afraid of your husband ?' She looked from side to eide and tried to laugh the question off. ' It's not exactly that, Jack,' she said, ' only he is a great deal older than us, you know, and has an immense idea of his rank and all that And I know he wouldn't like it. And— and it's so awfully jolly for me to have you to talk to again, I shouldn't like you to do anything to vex him.' 'And when did you say 'awfully jolly' last, I wonder ?' said Jack, smiling. ' Never since you went away from the Palace,' answered the Major's wife promptly and laughing quite gaily. . ' Just theo the door opened and the Major entered the room. The laugh died away from Ethel's face, Crummies lifted his lip and .showed his teeth in a dumb snarl, and Jack Trevor' at once got on to his feet. '? Then you found your way down here, Trevor ?' said the burly Major, in a very affable tone. . ' I did, tir'; as soon as you were good enough to give me leave to come, 1 lost no time in coming ' 'And how do you think my wife's looking?' ' Mrs. Dennis has grown up since I saw her last, but I should have known her anywhere,' Jack answered. ' That's all right. Well, you must come down and see her when you like. Come and dine to-morrow night — 8 o'clock.'' ' I shall be delighted, sir,' said Jack. But as he walked away along the quiet little street the question came to him—' Why did he ask me, and . why was she so surprised that he did to ? ' Chapter VII.— A GHOST OF THE PAST. When anything remains to be explained, rather confess ignorance than offer an explanation which explains nothing. The hut which had been occupied by Major Lawrence happened to be a partcularly good one, and Major Dennis set about having it well cleaned and decorated at once. ' My wife has a fancy to live in camp/' he explained to Jack, ' and as we sba 1 be here fur nearly two years we may as well have it made as comfortable as possible. We've had furnisiied houses before, but ' there don't seem to be any decent ones in Chertsey, and I detect living in an hotel ; one never knows how one may be aniioyed or who is staying in the house.' ' Oh, it's much more comfortable in camp, sir,' said JacK, who bad not Lesn long enough in the service to bate a Larrack ; ' it's to much handier in every way; and the Major's hut is such au exceptionally good one, and the garden quite a little paradise. Major Law rence took infinite pains with it.' ' Yes,' and my wife is very fond of a bit tf gar en,' Major Dennis replied. ' ao I am having the place papered and painted and tnadeascomfortaDleas possible, and you must help u,y wife to g^t settled. I'm told you're a great hand ai anything of that sort.' ' Well, sir, I do try to make myself useful some times,' returned Jack modestly. ' I've been help ng Mrs. Siratton ? ' ' Oh, yes. She showed us her furniture,' said the Major, taking the works out of Jack's mouth; 'and though Mrs. Dennis won't exactly want you to do that sort of thing, 1 daresay she'll be very pleased if you'll advise her about one or two little things— her pictures, and plant--, and so on.' ' I shall be only too delighted, sir,' said Jack in all good faith. ' I am really out of all that sort of thing,' the Major continued, with an air of great good humour ; ' and when I £et into any kind of a shop, except it's a Baddler's or a boot shop, I always feel like the prover bial bull among the china. 1 daresay I look like it, too \- ha, ha.' He walked away laughing heartily, and Jack Trevor stood looking curiously after him. ' Well, you're a queer fish, upon my word you are. And to think you married my little friend, Ethel Mor daunt ! Poor little soul, no wonder sbe looks so miser able every now and then and talks about Blankhampton and the Cliffe as if the old daya were paradise.' Then he, too, turned on his heel and went about his own business, which at that moment happened to be something concerning one of his horses. While he was talking to the groom, Monty Carlton patted the door, and seeing him came in, and, as men do, they looked at the sleek satin-coated horr-es together. ' You've heard the news,' said Canton as they walked towards the mess together. 'No; I've heard nothing except tb at the Dennises are going to live in camp,' Jack answered. ♦' Oh. I've heard that, too. You knew her when she was a child, didn't you ? ' ' \'es.' ' What did she mtrry him for ? ' \-- ' Oh ! I don'c fancy she had much choice about it,' \- Jack said carelessly. *' bier mother whs the sort of woman who does not give any one within her raoge too much rope. As a little girl, Mr». Dennis was let to go her own . way pretty much, but as a young lady I believe she had the devil's own time. You see, the title weightd a good deal with her.' ' With the mother, I suppose ('' ' Of course.' ' H'm ! W hat an odd thing it is that titles do weigh so heavily with women as they do. I should have thought that all the titles under the sun would never have glided a blatant brute like that, let alone it's being only a title in prospective.' 'Yes. It's rough on her anyway.' said Jack, with a sign, ' B- -the-bye, what was your news ?' '* Oh !— Cradduck is going to be married.' .' Craddock- you don't eay eo ! And who is he . going to marry 'r' 'Angela Drummond,' said Carlton, looking ttraght in front of him. . ' An— gela — Drum— mond J Nonsense,' cried Jack. 'Nonsense or no nonsense, it's true,' Carlton asserted positively. ' I had it from Craddock himself this morning.' ' And what did you say to him :' ' 1 said he was au ass — or something like it. And then, ot course, 1 had to apologue and say that I didn't mean anything personal, only that I thought it a pity that soldiers should marry at all till they're out of the service.' ' And old Craddock, wha1. did he say ?' ' Oh, he laughed— said I wan a jolly old cock that' had gone wrong altoeether, and wouid never be better till I'd fallen in love my* elf. In love— ME! Ugh— just think of it,' he ended, in ineffable disgust. Jack laughed aloud. 'Mv dear old chap. Icau't think of it. I can't imagine any woman ever giving you a chance of knowing her we 1 enough to be in love with her.' 'They'd give me the chance fast enough, no fear,' said Carlton grimly. ' Yes. I daresay they would. But, Monty, old chap,' laughed Jack, 'you may take my word for this, you'll go on for a time well enough, and then one of these fine days you'll get bitten before you know where yon are; and oh ! by Jove, won't you hare it bad, no mistake about it' ' Yes, my friend,' returned Carlton as they reached the door of the messroom, 'when I do have it, I shall have it badly. You ate quite right about that— quite right.'' Well, about two hours after this, Jack Trevor was walking briskly along the narrow High-street in which the principal shops of Cuertsey may be found, when he literally ran against Mrs. Dennis, who came out of a shop attended only by the majestic Crummies. ' My dear Ethel, £ ask a thousand pardons,' he cried. ' I had no idea that you or anyone eke was coming out of that shop; I didn't hurt you, did I ?' 'Not a bit. Jack,' «ne said, laughing. «'And if you had it wouldn't have been your fault. Where are you going?' ' With you, if I may,' he answered promptly. ' Oh ! yes, indeed you may ; I am going to the florist's, and then to a sweet little shop where they have odds and ends, to make my drawing-room look pretty.' 'The Major tells me that you are going to* be tremendously grand in your new quarters,' Jack said as tbey walked along together. ' Oh! I don't think so. I have chosen very cheap, simple furniture ; and we were obliged to have the hut papered and painted. I cannot think,' she went on wonderingly, ' why Cosmo wanted to live in camp. He has always set his face against anything of the kind before— has always insisted on having a furnished house.' ' But he could not get one in Chertsey.' 'Oh! yes— there is a nice little house to let: but Cosmo would not hear of it. He says £ shall enjoy camp life— and so £ daresay I shall,' Bhe added, smiling. ' £ think it will be glorious to have yon in camp,' Jack declared. ' And do you know, Ethel, I do dunk \t is so awfully good of the Major to be bo open and jolly about our old friendship. Some men in his pla:e might have said, ' Oh ! I'm hot going to have auy old playfellows hanging around ;' and that would have made just all the difference in onr friendship, wouldn't it?' ' Yes, that is so,' Mrs. Dennis assented. It must be owned that Jack Trevor took full advan tage of the Major's permission that he should make himself useful to Mrs. Dennis; he went with her that afternoon from one shop to another, helped her in her ' choice of various thing?, carried her smaller parcels, those at least that sbe wished to take with her, und finally escorted her back to th6 hotel, and gratefully accepted her offer of a cup of tea. And over that cup of tea and a plate of bot buttered muffins, they had a delightful half-hour's chat before anyone came to dicturb them— a half hour during which Crummies sat on the sofa beside his mis'ress, and Jack took charge of the tea-tray and ministered to her comfort. Tbey went back to old times, of course, and Ethel took off her sailor bat and flung it down as gaily and carelessly as ever she' had flung her hat down on the bank of the river which ran at the bottom of the Cliffe gardens. But no time, however delightful, lasts for ever. The half- hour came ro an end, and visitors were shown in — Mr. and Mrs. Etratton. Mrs. Dennis jumped up, up setting Crummies in her haste, and Jack got on to his feet likewise, and then there followed a few minutes of somewhat formal conversation, which in turn was inter rupted by the entrance of Major Dennis himself. He gave the Strattons a very loud welcome with that kind of manner which had made Carlton describe him as blatant, and Jack Trevor somehow became impressed with an idea that he was annoyed to find anyone there, and was wishing them all at perdition. His words, however, contradicted this. ' It's so good of you to come and see my wife,' he said to Mrs. Stratton. ' Ethel, have you no tea ?' ' 1 have ordered some fresh tea ; what we had here was almost cold,' she answered, then looked at him in an anxious way, and presently Jack heard ber^ whisper, ' Is anything the matter ? Are you not well ?' ' Oh, yes— yes,' he replied, impatiently. ' Don't worry me; I'm all right.' Set presently, when Jack carried him a cup of tea, he noticed that his hand was trembling, and that be set it on the corner of the chimney-shelf, where he left it untasted. He kept on talking,' however, fast and loud until the Strattons had betaken themselves away. Then Mrs. Dennis's anxiety would be restrained no longer. ' Cosmo, I am sure something is the matter,' she said. ' Not at all,' ho answered ; «' but the fact was, I saw — I saw something that turned me completely over— that was all.' ' Any accident ?' she asked. ' No— a ghost !' he answered. ' Cosmo !' she cried. Major Dennis began to laugh noisily. ?' There, I didn't quite mean that; but 1 did see a woman so like a woman I knew years ago, that— well, it gave me a turn.' ' And was she dead ?' ' The woman I saw in the street just now was alive enough — that is, to all outward appearances. The woman I knew years ago— I don't know whether she is alive or dead.' ' Perhaps it was the same woman.' ' Perhaps, but I think not. I ? ' and then a violent shiver took possession of him, and the sentence remained unfinished. ' Cosmo, you are ill,' Mrs. Dennis cried. ' I am sure of it.' ' ' Oh ! eo— but— ' ' Have a strong brandy and soda, sir,' suggested Jack, who had jumped at once to the conclusion that the Major had unexpectedly fallen in with an old love, whose presence might prove to be exceedingly awkward tor him. \ ' Yes, ring the bell, will you, please ?' said the Major, with an air of relief ; then turned round to his wife. ' 1 hope 1 didn't frighten you, Ethel, but 1 was reminded suddenly of a most horrible episode in my life, and— and it turned me over a bit.' his tone brought something very like tears into Mrs. Dennis's eyes. ' What was it ? ' the asked, in a thak ing voice. ' Well, I was spending a long leave abroad ; on the Riviera, to be particular. It was a deuce of a while ago. I was only about two-and-twenty, in fact. And one day I was with some people when the conversation turned on fortune-telling. I happened to say I didn't beieve in it — I didn't— I don't now, it's all the most utter rot imaginable. However, a young lady of the party asked me to Rhow her my hand aud said that she would tell me my fortune, and that whether 1 believed it or not it would come true all the same.' ' And what did she tell you? ' Ethel asked. ' That I had the devil's .own temper for one thing,' he answered shortly, '? which was true enough.' ' But there's nothing very wonderfal in her telling you that,' cried the wife jronderingly, thinking that a woman who couldn't see fhat would indeed be a poor hand at fortune-telling. * ' She told me a lot more, and the last thing was that 1 should die by' the hand of a woman before I was fifty.' ' Cosmo !' Ethel cried. ' And you saw that woman to-day ?' ' Or someone very much like her,' lhe Major replied. *' And, silly as it may seem, I would rather have seen the Devil himself.' He tossed off the brandy and soda which the waiter brought him and declared himself better. 'I feel like au ass now. I wish I had not told you,' he said, with a glance at his wife's scared face. ' 1 dare say it wasn't the woman at all, only someone a bit like her. I'll trust you, Trevor, not to say a woid about it.' Chapter TTII.-A PLATONIC FRIENDSHIP. The road of love is that which has no beginning nor end. Take heed to thyself, man, ere thou place foot on it. 'Jack,' said Carlton a few days afterwards, 'come and sit by me; I've got something to tell you.' The officers were all streaming into the messroom for luncheon, and Jack Trevor took his seat beside Carlton, smiling already in anticipation of something good to come. ' What is it, Monty?' he asked. ' Dennis said to Jervis yesterday,' — naming the two majors—' * Jervis you're an ass.' ''Dennis,' said Jervis, * you're drunk.' ''Yes, I know I am,' answered Dennis; 'but I shan't be drunk to-morrow, aud you'll always be a fool, JerviB.' *' Trevor burst out laughing. 'Did you hear that yourself?' ' Yes, I heard it from Quin.' ' But you didn't bear Dennis and Jervis?' ' Well'no, £ didn't,' Carlton admitted ; ' but it has a great air of probability about it' ?'Oh! if s a good story, I'll allow,' Trevor returned with a laugh. *? By-the-byej' said Carlton, 'I'm going over to Highflight to-day to see a mare Hutton has for salt. Will you go with me ?' ' Why does Hutton want to sell her?'' Jack asked. ' Not quite up to his weight,' Carltou answered carelessly. ' He has put on flesh awfully the last six mouths, but he says the mare is Just as clever as day light and as handsome as paint.' ' The usual thing,' Jack laughed. ' Well, I am going to have a look at her, anyway,' said Carlton decidedly. ' Will you go or not 'r ' 'This afternoon?' ' Yes. £'m going over directly after lunch.' ' Well, I'm awfully sorry, old chap. 1 should have liked to go immenselv, but 1 can't to-day.' ' Why not ? ' * ' Because I've promised to go somewhere else,' said Jack mildly. ?? Ugh ! ' grunted Carlton in disgust ' Where ? ' ' I'm going to Mrs. Dennis's,' returned Jack. ' She's got au afternoon on. Didn't she a*k you ? ' ' Oh, yes, she asked me right enough,' said Carlton crossly ; ' but Fve gotjnore sense than to go to what ~ ? ' i THE STOCKMAN'S CHMSTMAS YARN. ; THE FIRST CHRISTMAS GREETING. ? - ? : ? : ? : ? : ? : ? : ? ' is euphoniously called ' an afternoon ' in a stuffy but with fifieen women ail wanting tea and only two drivel ling idiots of men to give it to 'em.' ' What an old bear you are,' cried Jack, with a gay laugh. . ' Yes, I know ; but I'd ratLer be a bear than a cat's paw any day,' the other prowled. ' You look out what you're doing, my friend. I've -een a good many of these tremendous friendships between m.b. Items and fiVd-nfficers' wives before, but I never knew one that didn't come to a b«d end »-ooner or later.' 'Ob, poob. Mont), old man, you're sane enough on Foiue points but you're as mad as a March hare on certain others, aud on women you are maddest of »11.' ' You mark iny words,' Carlton persisted ; ' and when anything happens don't forget that I warned you.1' ' All right,'' carelessly. ' Only I wish I was as eure of the command of the Fifteenth as I am that nothing of that sort will happen at all. Why, man alive, Mrs. Dennis and I were children together, bullies almost. l'v« known her all my life; we couldn't get up au ' affair ' it we tried, and I'm sure we shall not try.' ' ' h'ni— of cuuree cot— of course not; they never do. ' I've seen plenty of that tort of thing,' returned Cari tull glO'Mllil?. ?luck Trewr, ho»ever, being a young roan of decided views, m»t to say exceedingly strong-willed, was not to be growled outol his friendship with the Major's wife. Indeed if it had effect of uny kind, Carlton's opposition only fanned tht- iUme and 'made him the more deter mined to see an much of his old p ayfelluw as the cir cumstances of their lives permitted. And it must he admitted from the very beginnine that the {?iii-unut-uues of their lives allowed of a good deal of intercourse. Jack very Boon found that Major Dennis did not in the smallest degree permit tue fact of his wifc'« existence to hamper bis movement'. Within the boundaries of her own hut Mr?. Dnnnis was apparently supreme: tint is to say, she atktd whom stm chose there, she went out when she liked, and came in to suit her own pleasure. She had hero^u earrUjref, a neat single brougham and a very smart victoria, and ve-iy seldom indeed was Major Dennis to be seen in either of ihfin. But outside their hut Major Dennis seemed to con sider that bis wife bad no claim upon him whatever — 1 he frequently went up to London, but. beyond tele graphing- his address to the ordP'ly-room, he did not often trouble to communicate with his wife during his Absences. ?v The Major gone to London again,' remarked Jack Trevor one day, in admits of involuntary surprise ; 'but^-but how'is it you are not going, Ethel ? Don't you like London;' 'Yes, I atn very fond of London,' she replied, '♦hut Casino did not suggest my going— and— and— Dike Cbertsey very much.' ' Well, I dare sny London is a bit hot and dusty at this timr of year,' Jack rejoined, feeling that he bad trodden (in* whnt must be painful ground to her. ' And, «f or n'l, Ohtrt^py isn't half bad, is it V Sup posing v.e go down to the Recreation Ground and watch the }» ople; ih« bund is playing, you know.' ''Oh! 1 should like it inimensek,' sbo cried, brightening up in a moment. ' Shall we walk down V '' Just as you like. I'll go and get out of my paint, and come bar* for you, «'.h ? ' 'Yes, that will be quite charming.'' Therefore, about half an hour afterwards, Mr. Mon tagu Carltiin, who was stnoking a last pipe before going nut somewhere, had the gratification of Meting his gnat frieiid and chum, Jack Trevor, fault lessly yruiyed in hu exceedingly light suit, a white hat, di-wer in inV button-hole, and a generally jaunty air of anjoyroitft abuur bif- whole bearing, go aero** tile open space between the oflio.eri»' quarters and . the mairied officers' huts and open the little gate which led into Mrs. Peuni.-V liny garden. Then after a few minutes lie taw thpm come out together and go happily off in the direction --I the gates. Onrlton lo' lowed them with disgusted eye? until they turned iho corner of the me^hut and were out of pipht. ' Prettv business brewing,' he muttered. ''The major off to town — leaves his wife behind— Trevor conso'es her — old friend, and all that humbug. Ugh ! hope they won't want me to noDdole with any of -em. whatever happens; and something will happen befoi e lonp, mark my words. T suppose he's telling her thin moment that he'd never go to London and leave her in Cher'.sev o.inip all by her little ecll. Ugh ! it's disgu stiu;.', dirignsting. And to think it should be poor eld Trevor, of nil others, (hat's never given a woman a sot'ond thought since he's been in the regiment. Bab, it's simply sickening.' However hh it happened, Jack Trevor was saying nothing of the kind to Mrs. Dennis. At that precise moment he was saying : ' And how is it you go home so seldom?' Mr*. Dennis blushed a little. ' Cosmo doesn't care for Blankhmnpton, and since Lord Frothintrham married he does not fret on so well with my mother as he did. And really, as 1 tell her, he couldn't help his undo marrying again and having children and al! that.' ' . ?'Of course not. Then why don't you go by your -se'f ?' Mrs. Dennis shook her head. 'No. My mother and I get on very well when we are apart, but— but — well, 1 .don't care to go home much; 1 am best here.' He understood from her tone that the Cliffe was home, in the proper cense of the word, for her no longer. He did nut know thdt in his old playfellow's heart at that moment u wild tumult was raging, a wild memory of a day a few weeks before her wedding, when she had wept and prayed, and 1- egged and implored to beset free from 'her engagement; when 6he had gone down on her knees beside her mother, and had poured out all her troubled childV beart to that unyielding ear, which would quiy hear music in the clinking of gold and the sound of a title, and was inexorably deaf and cold to this cry of yearling for love and sympathy. ' Mother, I don't care for Major Dennis,' she had trailed in her despair: I never shall care for him, never could care. It is wicked to marry a man you loathe-,-' ' Elbe),' cried Mrs. Mordaunt, 'you. are really quite indelicate, I can liMen to no more of this raving. You Are nervous, hysterical, unstrung : but I should not be duinx inv duty as your mother if 1 allowed you to say any more. \f you felt like this about Captain Dennis, you. wem very 'u r-'ii« indeed to accept him; indeed, I do pot unat-r.-tand - otir doing no. As it is, everything has eo^etooi«r lodrnyt bark bow — the '- ordaunfs never break faith — and jour father would be the first to blame you if yoii disgraced him like that. i*ray let me hear eo tnore of this. You had better go to your room and try to forget that 6uch words bave ever passed your lips.' Ethul got up frotr ber knees without a word, with no more than one long, reproachful look at her mother — & lcok which saw nil too plainly through her assumntion of sham indignation. Ai;d in that momeni all ber girl hood fetmed tn shrivel up end die, all her love of home reemo'd lo fade into nothing in the oppressive magnitude of her despair. Bow well she remembered it all that bright; summer afteraoqi a* t-heaud Jmk Trevor walked down to the Recreation Ground together. She and Jack, just as they had been un-d to go down to the river's bunk at iioipe, theie to fit watching for fish that they e?idom caught, the best of friends, the most faith ful and -;iiierlniniDg of companions. Well, well; it was all gone by for ever and, after all, they were frie-ndfi still — that was something — it whs more than pomethipgtohtr; indeed, although the hardly owned as much to hen-elf, it whs nevertheless true that their friendship was almost everything to her. However, at- she reminded herself bitterly, it whs no use thinking about that now— the past was past and what wa;- done could not be undone. After all, her life might, have been mure unendurable than it war, her busboad let her go her own way pretty much, if he neglected her and led her in some penses'a dog's life — really « dog's life, treating her as an incident, a chattel i to ornament his house, feeding her and clothing her, leaving her behind when he did not want her with him, intimating that she might go with him wheu ber presence would not actually aunoy him— ut all events he did not trouble ber with jealousy, and f he was, on the whole, iree to take her amusement how and when she liked. So she decided in her own mind that she would make the bei-t of ber life and enjoy herself «6 well as the could, and since Jack Tievor was now in the same regim-nt und Major Dennis did nut seem to mird ber friendship with him, why life might not be bo dull a business after «!!. Tor a long time they sat upon a garden -seat under the shade of a group of big trees in the Kecreation Ground, listening to the music, watching the people and ? hatting on all manner of subjects. ' I wonder who that strange-looking woman with the dark eyes is,' she said at last, as a middle-sized, dark complexioned woman passed them for the third time. ' 1 don't know- 1 scarcely know a soul in Chertsey,' Jack replied. ' And jou have been hera ? r' _ ?' Oh '. not two monthb before you came- and I never make calls, except very occasionally on our own ladies ; and as I don't go about much, ot course l don't get to know people very much either. I don't iancy that lady belcntra to the place.' 'Why?' . ' Because I've been watching her all the time we've been here and 1 haven't seen her speak to a eou) yet, I haven't seen anvone take off his hat to her either.' ' Then I daresay she is a stranger, or perhaps the wife of someone on the staff and only just come here— like ourselves, in facti*' 'Very likely— oh, very lifcely;' but all the same Jack did not 'think that she looked much like an officer's wife, and was not sorry when Ethel Dennis rose declaring that it was time for them to go home. Strangely enough, ihe dark- eyed lady was leaving the ground just as they were ; and twice ;they passed and repassed each other during the time they were traversing the length of the High-street. ' She seems very - much interested in you, Jack,' Ethel whispered teasingly, when she passed them for the second time. 'I suppose all soldiers have tb* most wonderfully romantic affairs every now and then ; at least, to Cosmo always tells me.' ' Don't know, I'm sure,' returned Jack rather shortly, 'some lellows may, but I never had an affair of any kind . in . all my life. 1 never saw the woman before— and it isn't a bit of good ber starting any thing romantic with me, I'm no good at that sort of thing.' Mrs. Dennis laughed merrily. ' What a disap pointment you must be whenever you go to a fresh town; why, you are a perfect detrimental, to be reckoned out of the running always. There, now she is looking in that window. . She wants us to past- her again.' \- '. Then lei us look in this window until she is bound to go on : she can't stand looking in a window for long.' ' Neither can we.' ' No.; but we can talk and[putin a much longer turn than she can — much longer,' he answered. Already they had stopped before the window of a very old-Vashioned thnp filled with old pictures, china, and other curiosities. The dark lady was looking at a jeweller's, and was apparently deeply interested in what she saw there. ' Oh ! there is such a lovely old plate ; I should eo like it,' Ethel cried. 'Don't you see, the old Lowestoft — I must have that— I re illy must.' 'Then come in and geu it,' Jack replied. 'It will give our mysterious friend a chance of coming in after us to look at old china also.' They went into the shop, and Mrs. Dennis was soon lost in admiration over half-a-dozen old plates which were quickly broughr out for her inspection. Jack was interested too, not in the old plates, for ho had no eye for such things except as toey hung on the daintv walls of Mrs. Dennis's little drawing room, but in Ethel herself, who was wildly en thusiastic over all manner of quaint things, und was then softly feeling the old plates with the tips of ber delicate fingers very much ah -i blind man passes bis fingers over the face or a person whose lineaments he wishes to be lamiliar with. And just then the little bell above the old- fashioned door went tin) le-tinkle and the two looked up at the same moment to see the dark-complexioned lady enter tbe shop. 'What is your pleasure, Madam i'' «&ked; the little- woman who ruled over this quaint domain of antiquities. '* Will you be so obliging as to show me those miniatures which are in the window r* ' the lady re plied. ' Certainly, Madam — pray take a seat,' answered tbe mistress of the shop. Mre. Dennis and Jack looked, at one another in voluntarily. It was a refined voice, clear and sweet, and there was a foreign ring about it — not a markedly foreign accent, but scarcely more than that resonance of the B which marks the ICnglieh spoken at our own Court. There were4ve miniatures upon the tray which the little woman took out of tbe window, acd sbe set it down on the glass counter in front of tho stranger. ' Will you look at these, Madam, whilst I attend to this lady?' she said. The stranger bent her head, and began to examine tbe little portraits, carefully. IVi re. Dennis held up a plate as its owner returned to ber. 'I will have this one — and those two— and I think that one, also. How much will they be ? ' ' Twenty-five shillings, ivladam,' the little woman answered— 'I will send them this evening.' ' No, do them up in paper and 1 will take them,'( Mrs. Dennis returned, and in a voice which admitted of no further argument. They went away in less than five minutes, Jack Trevor carrying the parcel by the string. ' Do you know who that lady is V' asked tbe stranger. ' Ob ! yes, that is Mrs. Dennis.' ' Dennis ! Oh ! She is very prettv. Is that her husband ?' ' Oh ! .no, that is one of the officers— I don't know hie name. No, Major Dennis is much older— very much older.' '? Ah ! Major Dennis! fl'ro ! Well— now tell n:e the price of these miniatures. 'What are they ?' 'They are all twenty-five shillings each Madame, except that one which is not to well painted, 1 can let you have that for twelve shillings.' * 'I thank you, no. I will have these two,' picking out the twa befit on the tray. ' 1 see you understand miniatures,' said the little curio-dealer with a smile. ' I understand many things,' said the stranger quietly. . Chapter IX.— 'WAS IT A WASP'r' In the intercourse of every-day life the friction produced by mere thoughtlessness is far greater than that canted bv deliberate selfishness. In due time Major Dennis returned to Cherfsey Camp from London, reaching borne in tbe most boisterous good spirits possible, and bringing his wife a pretty little diamond brooch as an offering. Hu professed himself thoroughly glad to be borne again, but other wise did not tell Kttel much of his movements, except to mention casually now ana again some theatre to which he had been, or some person whom he had seen in the Fatk or at Hurlingham or St. Anne's. 'And how bave you got on, Ethelr' be asked. ' Has Trevor been as good as his word and looked after you':' '?Yes. 1 bave seen a good deal of him,' she answered. ' That's rieht. 1 want you to have a good time, iuj dear,' he eaid brusquely ; ' all 1 bargain tor is that you don't see too much of him, yon know.' -I shall not do that.' ' I daresay not for your amusement— but you'll bave to be careful for your name.' with a careless laugh. ' Cosmo,' Ethel cried in an agony, 'don't you care anything for me — not even for my name, your name r ' ?? Of course I do, to be sure. 1 wan awlully lond of you when we were married, awfully to. Only a niau can't go on living in paradise for ever, at least not with the same Eve, don't you know— it stands to common sense that He cannot.'* ' Oh, Cosmo.' ?? My dear girl,' said he, good-bumourcdly ; ?' isn't it mucn better to speak out plainly V \ ou never cartd a brass farthing about me— probably if -ou had 1 thould never have married you— g«d, 1 never wanted to marry any other woman, give you my word. But, as I s»y, one can't ;-o on for ever, and I don't want to shut you up like a nun because I'm no longer as mud about you as 1 was Jour years ago. Why, it wouldn't bo reason, and I hate unreasonable people; they're so deuced unpleasant and inconsequent, don't you know. Besides, lean trust you; thars the best of you proud, cold women, you make very poor sort of swcelheartH but. you made devilish good wivt:— one can always trust*y°u-' Mrs. Dennis turned away with a bitter smile upon her lips, and the Major went off to dress for dinner quite satisfied with his own generosity and magnanimity towards his wife. ' ? The best of you proud, cold women, you make very poor sort of sweethearts, but you make devilish good wives '—she repeated under ber breath — ? poor sort of sweetheart, good win s ' — oh, mv God, if this man could only look into mv heart and see just what sort of a sweetheart I could be to some men - to one man, at least. Ob, Cosmo Dennis, if only you knew what a bad wife you have— bad, bad in every thought and wish if not in deed— if you only knew bow little she iB able to trust herself !' She was standing at the window looking out over the tall white marguerites and tbe showy red geraniums, over tbe bit of garden and tbe low paling against which the wall- flowers grew and the sweet peas were climbing, over the row of huts opposite to tbe distant 6Ky beyond. She looked, in ber trailing white tea-gown, and with her shining golden head, like a marguerite herself. How youug and lovely she was still, in years but twenty-two, in looks a girl, and alas, in hope'esfnees and pain of heart, she felt like an old old woman. She held her bands pressed hard together then, ber blue eves were full of pain, ber face was white and tired. ' ' It is so hard to bear,' sbe said in the sanio hurt tone, under her breath—'* to live with him who has long ago grown tired of me, and to have that otber one— ah!' she broke off fbarp ond short, for across the open space between her window and the opposite row of buts ebe saw Jack Trevor walk quickly by. lie looked at her window, and, seeing her, saluted, with a gay gesture and a bright smile. Sbe forced her hand to reply, and her lips into an answering smile, and 1hen she droppid back into the nearest chair, wishing wildly that fhe were dead, or that she had never been born into this world of mis takes and weariness and suffering, ' I am safe enough,' sbe told herself. ' He cares nothing about mn. Cosmo may trust me; 1 am Jack's old friend and playfellow— that is all.' She was still lying back in the big chair when Major Dennis returned, wearing evening clothes and a smart smoking jacket, a quite gorgeous velvet affair, with rollara and cuffo ot superb embroidery. He turned himself about for her inspection. 'I investtd in a new smoking-jacket whilst 1 was up,' he told her; 'pretty, isn't it ':' 'Quite resplendent,' answered Ethel, ber eyes still filled with Jack's fair and cleanly beauty. 'So I thought; but Bennett, in Bond-sireet, you know, says it'll soon tone down. Do tou think it will ? ' . ?' ' How should I know ? Bennett must be a better judge than 1.' *? Well, I don't know about that,' doubtfully. ' But he made it, didn't he ?' She was trying; bard to force herself to eeem to be interested in htB new attire. '? Yes, he made it ; supplied the velvet, of course.' ' And not the embroidery ?' ' Oh ! the embroider}'— no, I got that elsewhere,' he replied rather awkwardly. Ethel rose from her chair, a somewhat satirical smile curling her lips. ' 1 see. The new Eve gave you the embroidery,' she said scornfully, yet very quietly. ' What a pity to watte it down here ; you will take all tbe bloom off it.' 'Not at all; tbe M- oni oupbt to be off,' cried he, not sorry to find she had accepted the evidence of a new Eve, which, by-tbe-bye, he bad not intended to let slip to ber, so quietly. I think, on the whole, that they got on better than they had done for two years before the Major bad ex changed into the loth. In the old regiment Mrs. Den nis' had often been dull and in low spirits. She bad been left a good deal alone, and Major DenniB had never been able to go away for a few hours without feeling more or less a brute towards her. Now, no man in the world, 1 take it. likes lo feel himself a brute, to he was uuch inclined to accept tbe existence of Jack Trevor, his wife's old playfellow, as an entirely un mixed blessing. They epent tbe evening very quietly. The Major smoked a couple of cigarettes, und wrote two or three letters, and talked to her a little of what be bad done in London. And all tbe time in Etbel's heart there was raging a wild and fierce tumult. A cry rose up and would hardly be- stifled, that ber life was harder to bear than it had been before, that the mockery of going on living like this bad become a very hell to her, that she neither could nor would continue it. Yet Major Dennis emoked and chatted complacently on, without a suspicion that bis wife, sitting quietly sewing at a bit of filmy muslin and lacework beside the table where tbe lamp stood, was feeling any different from what sbe looked, without a suspicion that ber exterior of ice covered in truth a very volcano of fire, a mine which might explode under his feet at any moment. ' By-the-bye, Ethel, is anything going on ju6t now f ' be asked suddenly, when it was getting towards bedtime. .' There iB a garden-party at Highflight to-morrow,' ebe answered, thinking pleasantly of it because Jack Trevor would be there ; ' and I believe we are all to be asked to an inform -1 supper afterwards.' ' Oh ! at Highflight ! Are you going F' ' Yes,. I have promised to go, and ' — with a laugh — ' I bave got a new gown on purpose for it.' 'Really. Well, will the dogcart do to drive you over in?', ' Oh ! ves, perfectly,' she replied. Accordingly, the following afternoon, about 3 o'clock, the Majoi's very high dogcart, with its bright yellow wheels, came round to the little gate of their but. A. rakish grey was between the sbiifts, a regular flyer, with satin coat and restless heels. He showed a great objection to settling down at first, but after a minute or two brought himself into the pose of a statue, his head well in air, and his handsome feet ex tended as far es possible Mrs. Dennis did not keep him waiting very long. In deed, as tbe Major opened the front door, she came out of her bedroom. 'Hollo, is that tho new frock ?' he asked; 'let's bave a look at you. Ton my word it's very pretty. I feel quite proud of going out with you.' ' I am highly honoured,' cried Ethel, turning her Eelf about. She was in high spirits, and bis little compliment pleased her. It was certainly a pretty gown, plain end simple, of soft creamy flannel with a smart sailor bat, bound with a cream ribbon, on her fair head. She carried over her arm a coat of etone-coloured clotb, with a coachman's cape, or rather set of capes. ' Is it cold r' she asked. 'Cold'f no— you'll be smothered if you wear that thing,*' he answered. ' 1 shall be smothered in duet if I don't,' fho re plied; 'bat 1 think it will be enough to keep me warm coming home. You know it is twice as cold in that high trap as it is in tho victoria.' A prettier or mere winsome woman surely no man ever helped into a high dogcart, and Major Dennis swung himself into his piece beside her, fcclin? quite in a glow of satisiaclion. ''l'on my word,' his thoughts ran, 'there's nothing like a little outside interest and attention for smarten ing a married woman up. Why, 1 shall be falling in love over npain it 1 don't look out.' Mrs. Dennis cast a glance towards the mrse— yep, tho ccach whs tbcio already. Tho Major taw her lcok. 'Would you rather have goto on thoioach ?'_ he asked. * -' ' Oh ! 1 don't care at all.' '? lieeamo you couldn't have bad the box srat, and I've no idea of jour Mttiog behind, don't vou know.' 'Oh! no. 1 like thin much better,' the replied. Ihey swept through the gates us shn tjoke, and once on a hit of open road the gtey went like steam to wards tl e town. ' Don't go through the town at this pace, will you, Copuio r' she asked. Major Dennis laughed. 'I si all find myself in the police-Hatioii if 1 do,' be ansvertd. ' 1 wonder if you would luind slopping at Jefferson's fora minute— only tor a minuter— 1 left my little scent Lottie llere to be recharged.' lie rai:ed no objection, and when they reached the narrow High-street pulled up the grey ut the door of the chemist's shop. ' Is my little tmelling- bottle ready 'r ' Ethel asked. ' Yes, ma'am — ' and away he ran into the ebon again to get it. What happened next was all over in an instant, and Ethel hardly knew bow it came about, but just at) the man returned with' the neat little white pun el in hie band and gave it to Mrs. Dennis tbe Major exc aimed, 'Damnation,' under bis breath, and pave tbe gray hot to a cut with the whip buch on smt liim --fl' at a frantic gallop along the nnirow street. Nor did he moderate his pace until they Imd got a gotd n.ilo upon the roud towards Higbnight, when with seme difficulty his master pulled him up to a w»lk. ' What was the matter 'r' ssked Ethel, who Lad been holding on to the side of tbe t-ap in t-beer des peration, expecting every moment to be daebed to the stones. ' Nothing — nothing; I think something fctung me,:) and be put up h;s hand to bis neck, as if to ^ow that the mischiei was there. ' Wai- it a wasp': Does it hurt much now V ' sec asked. Hie hnd never loved ihis man ; tho knew that bn waB tired of ber ; she guessed that be went atter other gods ; yet in one moment sbe was all tenderness forbid supposi'd hurt. He looked down into her anxious eyes with a smilo which barely covered tbe fear which still lingered iu his. ' I'm afraid I frighten your wits out of you every now and then, t'thel,' be said, with a rough isort of apology. ?' lteally, I'm awfully sorry ; lut iho fact was that 1 van startled and made a cut at the horse without thinking w hat 1 was doing — and the brute resents being reminded of tho whip at all.'' ' Tbcn you were not badly stung,' she crird. ' No- a mere nothing. A year or two ago 1 should never have noticed it. 'Pon my woid, 1 Jnncy my nerves are going. I shall bave to cut the service and travel for a while.' ' Alone 'r' »-he asked, scarce above a whisper, lier lips bad gone white, ber cheeks were pale, her whole face seen.ed to have grown drawn and haggard in a moment — drawn and haggard und old. 'Alone! Of course not. I— but there, what's the good of talking about that ? I'm seedy, out of sorts altogether; but 1 shall be all right after' a bit, when 1 bave got my nerves pulled together a little.' He laughed as he spoke, and began to talk about o'ber thinge, once or twice lookiiig buck to see it tbe coach was in sight or not. They were more than half way lo High iiight ere it appeared, however, and tho Major urged the grey to put his best leg forward eo that tbe others might not overtake them. By the time they pulled up at the portico at Highflight, Major Dennis was in the wildest and most boisterous spirits imaginable, but the colour had not come back to his wife's lips, and her face was pale and drawn still. The coach was but ju6t behind, and Trevor jumped down in time to help Airs. Dennis to the ground. ' Aro you not well 'r' he asked in au undertone. 'A little tired,*' she whispered back. ?' Come and speak to Mrs. Perr**, aLd then let me get you a glass of wine or some tea. Were you cold driving?' 'No, my coat is warm,' she answered, 'uut tho hor o bolted in the High-street nnd never stopped for more than a mile and— and ? ' 'And frighteied you to death— poor little woman! Ueally,' ho added, hs be slipped off her coat, ' 1 wonder the Major likes to drive such a brute.' ' It wasn't the horee'd fault— Cosmo touched him with tbe whip and be won't bear the whip at all.' ' Why, he goes like the wind.' ' lie didn't do it on purpose-something Mnrllcd him and he threw out his aim, and— Oh, bow do y.-u do, Mrs. Petre ? \V hat a lovely day you have for your party.' *4 tfo glad to see you,' returned tbe hostess— ?? And, Mrs. Dennis, you will stay on to supper, won't you r*' 'You are very kind — we shall be delighted.' ' And you Mr. Trevor?' 'I bave been hoping lo be Belied,' be said with a laugh. ' I shall be only tr.o pleased. ' Then otber guests streamed iu, and their hostess's attention was taken away from them. 'Come and have some tea,' said Jack tenderly. In truth be whb somewhat irightened by her blanched face and drawn look. 'You must have been dread fully frightened, Ethel,' be raid, as be found her a seat. ' I was— but 1 shall be all right now,' she said, trying to smile. ' As I told you tbe other day, Jack, my nerves have all gone to pieces. Cosmo says that his nerves bave gone too, bo we shall be a pleasant couple by-and-bye.' He laughed as be went away at the idea of anything being amiss with Major Dennis's nerves ; aud in two minutes he came back with a glass of champagne and a plate of strawberries and cream. ' Drink this and I'll get you another— it will pick you up belter than any thing else,' he said sitting down beside her. ' I'm afraid my brains would go alter my nerves,'* sbe returned smiling — but she drank half the champagne and ate the strawberries, declaring herself better. ' There, 1 have finished it all. No, not a drop more. 'Why, I should be mad to take more— 1 can only just manage tbis. Now. put my plate end glass down and let us go out into tho garden and see all tho world.' Jack was nothing lotb, end together they went put to see all the world, which very soon resolved itself into a dim but charming fernery where a most seductive rustic seat invited them to rest awhile and study ' all the world ' is. single specimens. ' Well,' said Jack, easily, stretching bis long legs out, and speaking in a thoroughly happv and com fortable tone — ' Well, and what is the latest news, Etbclr' 'The latest news, Jack,' she answered, 'is that Major Dennis has more than a thought of what he calls ' cutting the service altogether.' ' Jack sat bolt upright in an instant. ' Cutlintr the service,' he echoed*, 'but why? I thought be was so keen on soldiering.' 'So did I.' 'And what would vou do? Where would vou live?' ' I don't know. He talks of travelling indefinitely,' sbe answered. 'Without you?' ' No— I should have to go too,' she replied. Thero was a moment's dead silence, a moment duriug which a new idea was born in Jack Trevor's mind. 'And you— you would be sorry to leave tbf-— tbn regimen* r ' be aekrd in a curiously strained voice. 'l.'sbe repeated — 'I — yes, 1 should be sorry,'' end then eho lurn-d her head* away, but not before Jack Trevor had seen that her eyes were tilled with tears. Chavteh X ? MADEMOISELLE VALERIE. Evils anticapated arc twice endured. A few days, however, went by and nothing more was said of Major Dennis's possible intention of leaving the Service. More than once Jack Trevor thought of it, thought of it, and dismissed the idea as a ridiculous one not worth troubling over. Yet he nouid not shut his eyes to the truth, that of latn he had begun fo regard his Major's wife in a new light, lip (o the present time, that is to say during the few 'weeks lhat the Dennises had been at Cherteev, ho had fooked npun her only as his old friend and play follow, as a new and charming interest in his exis tence, and had even spoken of tier to Mouty Carl ton — and much to that young man's disgust— as the best chum he had ever had in all his life. He had been all along- eo sorry thn( her husband was not more congenial to her, and he had fell, the deepest commiseration for the young, healthy, active nature that, from about the time of his lather's death, had evidently been cramped and warped in every way. but now— now when he was forced to see all too plainly that she had practically uo hand in arranging ihe plan of their life, he began to feel differently towards her! He began to feel indignation as well 'as pity. He had gathered that if the Major chose 1o throw up his commission and take to a wandering 'existence, Ethel would have no power to influence 'Mm otherwise, and the very thought of her being Wraggcd about from one foreign hotel to another without a child to comfort her, without a mother to stand by her, or a husband who would be anything of a companion to her, w«s enough to madden him. And yet he was so helpless, what could he do for her? Simply nothing! She was Dennis's wife, and the oldest of friends cannot with reason or justice in terfere between man and wife, having no loMer ckchsq ' than the tacts that there was a disparity of years between them, and that their dispositions were not con* genial to each other. However, Major Dennis seemed to have forgotten his suggestion, and also in a measure to recover his good spirits ; at least, Monty C'arltou complained to Tre vor, with a disdainful air of fretfulness one day, 'Really Dennis is getting positively bloated with wit.' ' Eh ':' said Jack, looking up sharply. Carlton repeated his asser tion. ' The brute fired off Kwo stale old chestnuts out wf 'the Pink 'un ' this morning— more than half -lhe fellows shrieked with -doJigbt. though they had all vend them in print years ago. However, Dounis shot them 'off with an air as if he had just made 'em, and as I said ?six or seven idiots laughed.' ' And you didn't ':' asked Trevor, waiting patiently for the end of the little yarn. ' 1 ' — with supreme dis gust-' II 1 wouldn't have moved a muscle of my face if my life itself had de pended on my doing it. w hy, I wouldu't laugh at. his jokes if they'd been new, and 1 certainly wouldn't condescend to even grin at an- body's jokeB that were years old.' 'No, I suppose not,' commented Jack, ratber absently ; ' 1 am always finding myself wondeiing whv Dennis ever tries to make a joke at all. It's not because he's a genial sort of chap, or loves a juke a bit; he doesn't! As a general rule, if ^ou take notice, lie either doesn't t-ee a joke, or else he laughs in the wrong place.' '1 tell you what it is,' rejoined the other, with per fec. seriousness, 'as soon a* I get my majorily 1. shall retire.' 'But why1:'' Trevor cried. *' Because,' — solemnly — ' although the service is an excellent school for a young man — ih- re's none better — it plays the very devil with a man over five and thirty. For a subaltern nothing can be bettor — a youngster learns to think little of himself, to nspect place and rank, to be rcspcctlul to his superiors, and under tue old system, when a mm often went on till he was 50 before he got a command, every thing worked well enough up to the very end. A man got seasoned and his pluce settled before he became a field- officer. But now, as soon as he gets over 30 he begins to look for his ma jority, and a precious ass he generally makes of himself when he's got it. How do you account otherwise for nearly all officers over the rank of major being such proBy old bores as they, are ? ' ' I can't account for it,' Jack answered, smilirjg. '' I onlv know that it is so.' ' I'll tell you in a word. Take a brute like Dennis, for instance. He's a senior and he has to be listened to whenever ho chooses to speak. Let him tell ever euch drivelling rot in tbe form of a story, and nine subalterns out of ten cither listen with respectful atten tion or applaud him with uproarious laughter. They've got to practically— it's the right thing to do and thpy do it. 'Pon my soul, it would be a good thing for the service at large if hII fenior officers were forbidden to tell stories of any kind at the mess-table.' 'They couldn't be forbidden to air their opinions,' laughed Trevor, 'and for my part I'd rathei have Detmis's stale chestnuts than hip opinions, any day.' ' My faith, yes,' ejaculated Carlton, prompfly. And they were troubled with a good many of Major Dennis's stories during that week at the mess. He seemed as if he did not care to go outside the Fifteenth lines much, and he spent a good deal of his spare time in the anteroom. Not that he had much spare time, for the regiment was in camp for work, not for play, and neither oflicers nor men led an idle life by any means. Major Dennis, for one, complained bitterly of the fearful amount of grind he had to put in (I am using his language now), and expressed an opinion more than once that the tratne was not worth the candle, and that bo should throw up the sponge and leave her Majesty's service to take circ of itself. ' But not till you get the command. Cosmo,' Mrs. Dennis put in one day when ho had been getting up u fpeci'il subject ior an instruction. ' You know you have always had an ambition to have a com mand.' ' Yes -I know -but there's such a devil of a lot of schoolmaster's work nowadays,' he answered. '? Oh ! you are tired. Change your clothes and go down to the town with me,'' she urged. ' I want ; some stamps and books, and the walk will do us both I good.' ' But the Major was not to be drawn out of his ill temper. ' Mo, I can't walk down. I've been standing about in the sun all day. I'm as tired as a dog. I'll drive you down if you like.' ' Yes— if you'll have the victoria,' she replied. ' I'd rather not go in the dogcart if we have to stop at any shops.' 'Oh! nonsense — nonsense. I hate being driven — and 1 can't drive the victoria. Can't you go without me ?' No, because I know you're bored to death hnre and want a change,' she answered. 'Besides, I dislike going about by myself. Do come, Co.'ino.' ' You can take Trevor.' He spoke quite good-naturedly, but hiR wife started and her face whitened a little. ' ' No, I want you to go with me,:' sho urged. 'Do, Cosmo— do go.' He looked a little surprised — and, for the matter of that, well he might, for never before hud Ethel spoken to him in lhat tone. ' Of couise I'll go if you wish it so much,' he said, Rtill with the same astonished look on his face; 'but I do hate -look here— I'll take the brown horse in the dogcart ; will that do ? He's as quiet as an old sheep, and will wait like a rock as long as you like.' 11 All right. I'll go and get ready at opce.' She was quite joyous at thus having won her point, and was ready in her neat stonercploured coat and white sailor hat long before the trap cams round to the door. She went out and looked at her flowers, picking off a leaf hero and there, her heart in quite a glow of grati («de. For, in truth, Ethel Dennis had come (o that That service was a -terrible ordesl for the boy.— Chapteh II. f point in her life when only (his rough, unsympathetic, coarFe-minded man, who made it no secret that he was tired of her, served to stand between her and the temp tation which conje s Booner or later to most women, j He came out just as the dogcart was brought round, a noticeable figure enough, and as they pasted through the little gate Jack Trevor came by nnd slopped to speak to them. He was a fixture in the camp, being orderly officer for the day. 'Very jolly day,' he said cheerfully. 'Are you I going far, Ethel?' ! ' Into the town— I suppose for a drive afterwards,' she answered. . ; In spite of herself the rich red ropes bejon to bloom j out upon her pale checks, and a light to steal into her ! eyes. Trevor laughed. ' I envy you,' he said, as he j helped her into the high dogcart. ' You know one i never wants to go for a ride or a drive so badly as when one is tied by the leg here. Is that not so, sir?' he added to the Major. ' Very much so,' answered J ho Major with a great laugh, a« he mounted into his jilaco and took the reins. | Jack Trevor stood watching them until the trap was - out of sight. Mind, he had not yet. acknowledged to himself that his feelings had altogether changed ' towards his old playfellow — as yet he only believed that he was grieved sind sorry that she t-hould have . such a husband as tbe Major; he only felt u continual ! port of irritation -whenever he found himself in Major Dennis's presence; he hardly realised that bis , duty that day teemed more irksome than ever, the ; square more dull than usual, himself more weary. ' Well, I suppose I must he off,' he said, as he turned on his heel with a sigh that was almost a groan. ' Hello, what1 b that?' and then he stooped down and ' picked up from the ground something lying almost at niR foot. It was a lady's visiting-card— a card with a mourn i*Dg border — and written upon it in a fine Italian hand — ' Mademoiselle Valerie.' Chapter XT— A DAISY-CHAIX. | Hell is full of pood meanings and good wishes; but Heaven is full of pood works. The days passed over nnd wore into weeks, and still Major Dennis never went into Chertscy town afoot. He rode and drove a good deal, and was 'more variable than u-ual in his temper; in fact, his servant Judge confided to a friend his opinion that his master was '. either in the devil's own mess about something-, or else that he was getting ready for an attack of D.'l.'. But for a time nobody else hit the nail fo fairly on the head aR did the ignorant and 6tolid batman ! To all the other persons with whom he was connected at that ? time the Major was a complete enigma. He told more stories, and, what was worse, older ones than ever; he ! laughed at them with a loud and boisterous assumption j of niinh which was as unreal as it was unmusical ; he j was more uucertain than ever in temper; and, as a matter of course, his wifebecame more nervous and wan, and Jack Trevor made greater efforts to make her life somewhat endurable to her. It rxust bp confessed that Jack Trevor was a good deal pulled at this time. He had felt from the begin ning that Ethel's husband was somewhat of a brute, that he was not the husband Bhe ought to have had, that the girl was unhappy, and that her life had h^een. ruined in every way. But now (here was something going on which he could not and did not understand. And after about ti week of hard thinking over the situa tion, he tried an experiment by way of making obser- j vations on the result. j It happened one day that Mrs. Dennis had been in j her little garden, tending her flowers. The summer was fast wearing: into autumn, but her borders were still bright and 'gay, and by dint of daily attention showed no signs of decay. While she was there, Jack j Trevor happened to come past (and it whs really won- ' derful to fee how, at this time, his daily duties and I pleasures did happen to take him past the Dennises' j hut), and seeing her be stopped and stayed lounging on ' the railing to talk to her. j ' You look awfully pale, Ethel,' he remarked pre- ', eently. ' Oh ! I have been moving about in the sun,' . she answered, flushing up into quite a brave show of j rOFca. I ' The fact is, you don't get half esercife enough,' j he said ; ' you ought to get a good sharp walk every j day — you're positively pining for want of fresh air.' j ' Eh— what r' said a voice behind him. Jack turned round, and Ethel looked up to find the Major standing be.-ide him. Jack explained. ' I've been telling Mrs. Dennis, fir,' he s=aid, ?' tbat she doesn't get half enough exercise. She ought to have a good long walk every day.' j 'And you're quite right,' answered the Major. promptly. '? Then,' cried Ethel, ' do let us all go for a good ! long walk right over the Common and through the '? wood. Oh ! I should enjoy it so— do, Cosmo.' 'I? Oh! I'd rather not. I— I— 'm not up to a long ' tramp to-day. But Trevor will be glad enough to take you, I daresay— eh, Trevor?' ' Why, of course, 1 shall,' returned Jack cheer fully. ' No ; you come, too, Cosmo,' Ethel urged. 'Nonsense— nonsense,' he replied, with bis coarse laugh, ' you'll enjoy yourself much better without me. You know what the proverb says about ' Two's . company,' don't you ? Go and get your hat on at oiice.' She gave him one reproachful look as she went in doors, but he only treated it as a joke and invited the subaltern to go in also. 11 Come in, Trevor, come in. I'll tell you what it is, my boy, -ou tnke my advice, never get married— women are queer catile to dcul with; you never know when you have 'om. Half the women 1 know would be only too glad to be given a tree hand : but ? ' and then he broke oft' short and picked up a cird which Jack Trevor had put quietly down on the table nearest the door. ' Good God !' he muttered under his breath. 'Then you do know Mademoiselle Valerio' was Jack's comment to himself. ' By Jove, I never thought 1 should fetch you like that.' At that moment Judge entered the room bringing the brandy and 6oda which seemed to be a necessary accompaniment to tfce Major whereever he happened to be. ' Who has been here to-day, Judge ?' he asked. . ' No one, sir.' 'Are you sure?' 'Oh ! yes, sir— I've been cleaning the windows and tidying the garden, and about the place since morning.' ' Where did you get your dinner ?' ' I had a bit of dinner with the servants, sir,' in an apologetic tone; ' 1 was very busy at dinner-tim& aud ? ' ' Oh ! It's all right. I di n't mind. That will do,' said the Major, in a tone of dismissal. Then ho looked at the card again. ' Now, 1 wonder how the devil lhat enrd got here,' he mut tereJ. 'Oh, here's my wile. Have you had a vi-itor this * morning, Ethel :' ??No; why?' ''Because I found this card on the table,' showing it to her, not a little to Jack's ad miration. ' Mademoiselle Valerie,' Eihcl read, looking at the curd still iu bis hand. 'No, it was not lor me. Oh ! I aate.-ay it was gome dress maker in the town, or per haps a woman canvassing for tin illustrated Bible or hook of tiuveld. They were uhvajs comitjg at Edin burgh, you know.' 'Ah! 1 shouldn't won der,' said ti.e Mujjr with a breath of relief. '.'?ind they are such a nuisance,' Ethel went on. ' i had better tell Judge nit to Jet Mademoiselle \ aerie in it' she honours me iijNiin.' ' Yes— much the best, plan,' with great satisfuc iion. ' Well, now, are you. going to start? Bring- ntr back safe, Trevor, und -]on't Itt her get over-tired.' 'All right, sir— I'll take care of her,' Jack replied. Major De⋼ followed them to the gate aiid watched them well away. ' i wonder how the devil that v Oman's card came toeiel'' he muttered under bis brenth. ' Dresbinuker — a c-iuvabser for BiWph and books! .No, no! Besides, u'ij her writing; I should know it umong n thousand. Ykb,' Jookiug- at it aguiu, '? it's her writing, fcure enough— sure ei_ou(-h.' Looking ut the card, however, would Lot solve the myttery, and at last Major Dennis went within door.s and changed bin uniform lor plain clothes, wtun he settled tiown in a (T/inlortable chair wiili a newspaper und a pipe. '?'fonuiy word, I don't know why the thought of that woman should make ine so infernally nervous, but 1 always did hate her, al ways. 1 hojia to Heaven she won't get hold of Ethel and hhnn her iu any way — she's capable of unythin*— any- thing — and 1 don't want that kind of scandal to get afloat ! Confound it, she hits spoilt this billet completely for me — 1 expect 1 shall have to throw up my com mission and getrd of her by moving about from place to place. I should nate it though, I always did hate being unsettled. And yet if sbe persists in dogging my footsteps heie why, life won't be worth having, not at that price ut all events.' He picked up his tews rjarjer and beean to read, and presently he forgot tbe mysterious visjting-cird, and after a time he dropped asleep. Meantime I\irs. Dennis and Jack Trevor had tramped away over the Common in the direction of the woods which \w between Chertsey and that country house which rejoices in i lie name of Hijrhni^ht. Th--y had got rather more than half way over the Common, and were approaching a pretty gro've of trees which grew about a hillock or a bit of* rising Ground. A little streamlet ran close by and made the soft and mellow autumn air alive with its music. A rough seat had been placed under one of the largest trees,' a popla.% and, as Jack Trevor's eyes fell upou it he suddenly bethought himself that they had cornea good way. and that Mrs. Dennis miuht like a rest. '? Are you tired, Ethel ? Would \ou like to rest a little?' he asked. 'Yes, I should rather, although I'm not really tired,' 6he answered. ' What a nice seat for an out of-the-way place like thic.' ' And so near this little brcok,' said Jack, smiling. ' Now, if we (inly had a rod here we could do a little iishing and fancy ourselves ba-k in the neutral ground between the palace and the Cliffe again. I wonder if I have a bit. ot string in my pocket : ' He managed to rind' threo little coils cf string, which, as he tol.i tthel, he had shoved into his pocket i hat af term-on after opening a parcel from town, and. with this tied on to 'the end of hi« walking-stick and a bent pin secured to the end of the string, he contrived a very respectable fishing rod, and with a worm dug up with his pocket-knife, he began to fob in the little brook with as much content ment as if he had got hu best rod with him, aud had ?the privilege of whipping the best -preserved waters in England. ' Not the first time we have made shift with a bit of string and a bent pin, is it?' he said toher ; and Ethel Dennis laughed at the remembrance as 6he had been used to laugh in her childhood, bat as she never laughed now excepting when she was alone with Jack Trevor. For a long time they eat there, he on the bank find she on the emmsy seat, watchinc the float— yes, be had contrived a float out of a piece of dried wood — idly bob up and down in the limpid water. ??Our chance of a fish is rather remote,' laughed Jack, when about half an hour bad gone by ; then looked up at her : ' Etbel, what are you doing'?' 'I'm going to mike a daisy-chain,' she answered gaily. 'A daisy- chain,' he repealed, 'and bow many years is it, pray, since you made a daisy- chain ?' 'More than I like to think about,' the paid quickly. ' It makes me feel quite aged to try to realise it, Jack. Reach me thoee big daisies beside j ou, there's a good bov.' He reached out his hand and gathered the daisies lo which ?he had pointed and held them out to her. And as she took them fiom him Ifae sleeve slipped back from her slenier wrist and showed th- white flesh marked by a long livid bruise. Trevor caueht her band and pushed the white sleeve still further back 'What is that?' he asked bluntly. 'Where did you get that bruiee. Ethel ?' she started and tripd to draw her hand away — 'It is nothing — Cosmo ? ' ' Good God,' he burst out — ' do you mean to say he knocks you about, that he ill-uses you — oh! my darliner — my darling,' and then he bent his handsome young head and covered the little slender bruised wrist with passionate kisses. She tried to push his head away, the little daisy fell to the ground between them and the make-shif t fishing rod went floating away down the little stream. *' Jack,' ehe said in a pained voice, ' it's not so bad as you think. Cosmo h*B Lever struck me or anything of that sort, never. But last night he -he caught at my arm to Bteady himself and — and he does not know himself that he bruised it.' She was ashamed to have to make such a confession and yet she was obliged to say that much because the conclusion to which he had jumped on seeing her wrist was far worse than the reality. However, it was too late to keep him from speaking now the flood-gates were opened, the pent-up feelings of disgust and irrita tion against Major Dennis which had been smouldering for many weeks had, all in a moment, been fanned into a flame, and a flime, you know, more particularly a flame of love, is not to be put out in a moment by a single word— at least Ethel Dennis was not in a mind to say the few words which would have quenched it there and then for ever. He pulled himself up on to the seat beside her still keeping her hand a prisoner within his own. ' 1 never meant to tell you,' he said; ' I swear I did not. Don't be angry with me, Ethel. I was surprised into it; yes, I was indeed. 1 have been struggling againet it almost ever since you came to Chertsey, but the sight of your dear little bruised wrist was too much for me. Dear little patient wrist,' he ended, and then bent and kissed it tenderly again. 'Don't Jack,' she whispered. *K We ought to have been married, you and I, Ethel,' be went on, still holding her hand. ' We were always such friends, right from the beginn'ng. What could your mother have been thinking of to sell you for the chance of a title and a few thousands a year. It can make no difference to her whether you can have one horse or a pair ; but it makes a difference of life and death to you, and the difference bstween hell and heaven to me.' ' I must go,' she cried in a stricken voice. ' I ought not to listen to this ; it can do no good, no good. Let us go ; let me go ? home.' But Trevor held her closer prisoner than before. ' It can do good,' he cried. ' Let me pay everything that must sooner or later be said between us. Let us have it out once for all. It will show us where we stand. Why should you go home ? You are much happier here.' ' I am not happy anywhere,' she burst out. ' No, but you could be,' he rejoined. ' We could be so happy, so happy away from all this. It is use less trying to escape our fate. If I had found you with a husband worthy of you, who was go- id to you, who loved you, I would have stifled my own feelings under ray feet ; you should never have known that I had any thought but the merest friendship for you. But when I find you sad, neglpcted, unhappy, with your dear eyes always full of tear for what may hap pen — when I find you pale and wan, the very shadow of yourself — nay, when I find you with your tender flesh bruised and blackened by the cruel fingers of a drunken brute, I cannot be expected to be silent. I cannot be silent — I am only human, after all.' ' But what is the good of speaking ?' she asked. ' My dear one,' he answered, taking her other hand also in his and looking down into her troubled eyes, ' you were forced into marrying a man whom you could not love; he is and always has b6en a brute to you; he makes your very life a burden. Is that not so ? Well, I love you. I am not a new friend, a fair- weather lover; you have known me all our lives, and you know that you can trust me while we both live and as long as we both live. Why should you go on bearing this life of wretchedoess and misery ? It is not as if your going would hurt your husband. He will not mind it— he has long ago grown tired of you.' 'How do you know?' she said, scarcely above a whisper. ' Who is Mademoiselle Valerie ?' he asked. 'Jack!' ' Why was the Major in such a fever to know where that card c ime from ? I will tell you where it came from, Ethel. About a week before I picked that card up at your gate one day when I had seen you and the Major go off in the dogcart together. You had the brown horse. Do you remember ?*' ' I remember.' ' I wondered where it had come from, and to-day I put it down on a little table as I went into your room, just to see if the Major knew anything about her. If you had seen him pick it up and heard his ' Good God,' as I did, you would have guessed who ' Mademoiselle Valerie' is ? ' ' I did guess,' phe broke in. ' I have known for a long time that there were others.'- : 'Then what binds tou to him?' Jack cried. ' There are other lands far better to live in than this. If he divorces you, I will marry you the first day that it can be legally done; if he does not, I will settle every farthing I have in the world upon you and be a pensioner upon your bounty for ever.' ' You mean that we should go away ? ' 'Yes.' 'Together?' 'Yes— together. O! Ethel, oaly think of it.' 'I can't think of it.' 'Why not— oh! why not? I would make you so happy ; I swear I would.' ' You would try, 1 know, Jack ; bat you would rarer succeed. I am not the kind of woman to live bappilv under a cloud. I should be more wretched than 1 am now, and very soon you would be wretched ton. No — no— Jack, it cannot be. I married Major Denni* for better or worse, and though it is for worse it might be much worse than it is. I would rather go on as I am ; life is hard enough, but I can hold up my head among the best yet.' \- He no longer held her hands hard in hip, and she drew them gently away. For some minutes he sat staring thoughtfully into the little dancing Rtream at their feet then turned eagerly back to lier again. 'Tell me one thing, Ethel,' he said, 'and tell me truly, won't you P1 ' I will.' 'You do love me?' She raised her eyes to his ; so true and blue they were he could have kissed them a thousand times had he dared to do it. ' I will be quite honest,' she said. ' I do Jove you with all my heart. . What is the use of pretending that it is not so ? But if it will not help me to keep straight and true to myself, why neither your love nor mine is of any real good to either of us.' 'O! Ethel, my darling,' he began, when she put out her hand and stopped him. ' Yes, I know just what you would say, but I do suffer. 1 do have to struggle hard to go on living at all. I know that I am right to say no. . Jack, dear, it is so good of you to wish to make me happy. Heaven knows [ have need of iove from someone. But let us be patient; we can always be friends, always the best of friends.' ' £ ask for bread, and you give me a stone,' he said bitterly. ' But you will not refuse the stone,' she said, im ploringly. ' No, I will take all that I can get,' he answered wistfully. She drew a long breath of relief. ' I have not bad much experience of men — I think I only know Cosmo intimately — but I have read much, and in books men always quarrel and are angry with women who won't run away with them. I am very glad you are not going to quarrel with pie, Jack.' He bent and kissed her little hand again. ' My dear love,' he said tenderly, ' shall 1 quarrel with you be cause you are more patient, more long-suffering than 1 am V Shall 1 go away and put you out of my life be cnuse of the very qualities which have made me love you more than any other woman in the world ? No no— that would be looiich— childish.' ' I am glad - so glad,' the murmured ; ' I have an idea, Jack, that it will come right between us some day — if not here, then elsewhere.' Chapter XII.— BETWEEN EIGHT AND WRONG. ? Pray for the living, -in whose breast The struggle between right and wrong Is raging terrible and strong. The 6un was sinking low down in the west, when Trevor and Mrs. Dennis reached the camp again. ' I won't go in,' he said when they reached the gate; but Ethel protested vigorously against this plan. ' Oh ! do come in — Cosmo will ask fifty questions and I cannot answer them all — I cannot. I teel as if 1 had committed a dreadful crime and that my face would betray me at once. You must come in, Jack, you must.' Thus urged, Trevor had little or no choice in the matter, and he followed her into the pretty little sitting room where they found the Major, if the truth be told, just awakened from a long sleep. 'Well,' he called out, apparently in the most bois terous of good spirits, ' have you had a good time ? Where did you go? Did you see anyone you knew '- ' 1 think that nobody ever knew what it cost Jack Trevor to make a civil and coherent reply to these ques tions ; but for Ethel's sake he did his best, knowing that ehe was tired and overset by the events of the afternoon. We went across the Common, sir, to the knoll — and we made u fishing-rod. By -the- bye, Ethel, I left my stick behind me.' 'No,' said Ethel— and though she tried hard to keep the gladness out of her voice, she did not succeed very well — 'now you speak of it, do\ou know, I saw it go floating away down the little stream. What a pity — was it one you valued very much ? ' ' Not a bit. It was only a common blackthorn. Well, sir, we made a fishing-rod, and tried our luck in the not very promising stream.' ' And you caught nothing, I suppose ? ' ' We caught no fish,' returned Trevor promptly. ' Ah ! I suppose not. Well, Ethel, 1 hope you feel better for the tramp.' ?' Yen. But 1 am tired,' she said. ' Then I will say good-bye,' said Trevor, holding out his hand to her. ' Won't you stop and have some dinner with us ? ' put in the Major. ' Not to- night, thank you, Major,' Trevor answered; ' I must write several letters before dinner-time. Good bye.' He held out his hand to Ethel and gave it a signifi cant pressure. She looked up at him for a moment, then dropped her eyes, but not until he had read there something which brought an answering light to his. 'He's a very decent young fellow,' remarked. the M&jor; a moment later as he watched Trevor close tbe little gate aud go across the open ground towards his own quarters. His wife escaped from tbe room without answering, and had reached the safe retreat of her bedroom before he noticed that he was alone. Once there she tossed off her hat and gown and slipped on a loose and volumi nous affair of pale blue woollen stuff which fell in soft folds from her throat to her feet. Then she sat down in a chair by the window to think it all over — this wonderful new sta'e of affairs which had made all her life so new and different to her. They had walked home almost in silence because Trevor had fancied that she was very tired and that she was utterly overs9t ; but, in truth, although she was tired, she was more happy then than she had ever known what it was to be since those never forgotten delightful days at Blankbampton when she and Jack had been devoted friends and playfellows. For after all Jack loved her ! In spite of their having been kept apart all these years, in spite of the barrier which lay between them, in spite of her broken nerves, her changed looks, her wretched life, he loved her still, j ust as he had done years and years ago. She felt now that she was strong and brave, that she could go through with any trials or troubles that might be coming to her, secure in the blessed knowledge that there was one to whom she would always be young and fresh and lovely, one ot whose life she would always be the sun, of whose dark days she would be the shining etar which would never set for him on earth. She felt that she did not even mind now those qualities of her husband which had jarred on her every hour of the day, which had gone nigh to breaking her heart. She pushed back the loose sleeve from the arm which Major Dennis had bruised the previous night and looked tenderly at the blue and livid mark. ' I don't mind it now,' she whispered, and then she pressed her lips where his had been in the first horror of his dis covery ot it. A servant came to say that dinner was awaiting her, and she rose and went to tbe little tiny drawing-room - feeling as if she were going to sit in a palace. What an alchemist love is ! The room was so small that it but juBt held the table and four chairs ; there was no ' pretence at any other - furniture. But to Ethel that night it was like a great banqueting-hall and the simple dinner a feast. For Jack loved her -Jack loved her — and the very air seemed alive with the wonderful fact. I daresay some critic will take occasion to preach a little sermon on this text and explain to my readers and to me, for my future guidance, that it was exceedingly wrong for a married woman to have any such feeling for a man who was not her husband. Well, 1 have not said anywhere, to the best of my remembrance, that it was right— I have not held up tn\ dear little misguided heroine as a pattern of wifely goodness at hII. I only say that the events which came into her life did happen, and my readers must take tbe history of them exactly lor what they* are worth. It seems to tue such a mistake that thoss who have a story to tell should be urged to paint their heroines in colours so delicate and so spotless that they have no resemblance to the human women whom we meet out in the world in everyday life. Of course, a woman of blameless reputation is a beautiful thing, and a woman of blameless life is more beautiful still. Yet in award ing the measure of blame or praise to those who have sinned or kept themselves unspotted from the world, I do think the circumstances of the case ought to be taken a little into consideration. But tbe critic seldom, if ever, takes anything into consideration — he seems to tar a whole sex with the same brush, a woman must either be good or bad, black or white. I should really like to know how it would be possible to please these exceedingly cantious people. . . . . For instance, if I draw a soldier as a good-looking woll-groomed animal, honest and agreeable, if not very bright of wit, then I am told by one critic after another that my soldiers are angels without wings and the whole story just too good to be true. The next time. 1 draw a man who 6lauders a woman who has boldly stepped in between him and a married woman whom be loves. Then up rises a powerful critic (in a great daily paper and discourses virtuously on my sins and wicked ness in thus holding up the whole of the British Army to opprobrium ! 1 do not say, but I think, that I did nothing of the kind ; but I certainly held up one evil man to the world, and if that man happened lo be a soldier and a thoroughly 'bad lot' at tbe same time, why that is bis 'fault and not mine. So the next time I want to draw a lover who is not a model of all the virtues, 1 make him quite a harmless character, his only sin being that he suggests in a very hesitating way to tbe girl he loves, that they shall dispense with the marriage ceremony. I did not like doing this ; I would rather have married them off happily at first. But i wanted to show what a good and brave girl who really loved tbe man with all her heart would do under such circumstances ! But how the critics howled over that story. One {a lady) went so far as to write me a long letter telling me that she had been asked to select a few books lor a young girl of 18 to read on a lone vovaRe. She knew that the girl loved my stories, but Rhe resolutely put this one away because of the immorality of a man tug gesting to a girl that thev should dispense with mar riage, owing to the fact that he knew his grandfather had left him all his property conditionally on his being unmarried at tbe time of bis death. I did not answer the letter— what was the good ? But I have said, ' God help the poor young girl of 18 ' very many times since then. For myself, 1 have no admiration for the purity which is pure only because it has no opportunity to be anything else. Give me tbe gold that haB been tried in the fire ! So I do not ask you to accept Ethel Dennis as my ideal of perfection; 1 only ask you to take her ior what she is, a girl with good iustincts, and, thus far, a ruined life; a girl to whom that afternoon, sitting in the sweet September 6unshine beside the little brook, there came the most cruel and the most sweet temptation that Providence could permit or the ingenuity of devil devise. I do not hold her up as doing right. I dare say she ought to have cut herself off Jroai Trevor for ever; she ought to have been insulted, hurt, angry ! Well, perhaps, I do not know. All 1 can say is that she was not; nil I know is that the mere knowledge of Trevor's love served to give her strength to go on 1 iving the life which up to that day had been almost intolerable to her. Chapter XIII.—' I HAVE NO FEAR.' Love can neither be bought nor sold ; its only price is love. When Jack Trevor went away from the Major's quarters that pleasant September evening, under a pre tence of writing letters before dinner-time, he .had not the very smallest intention of duing anything of tho kind. But he wanted to be quiet — to think it all over with the help of a pipe — so he went into bin room and turned the key in tbe lock, feeling fairly sure, at that hour of the day, of being left alone. And then be began to think— well, to think that at last he had spoken out all that was in his mind, and now Ethel knew that he loved her, and would love her for nil time. He had not meant to tell her— he had fully made up his miiid never to let her know all that was raging in his heart ; but the sight of her dear little slender wrist blackened and bruised by the cruel grip of Dennis's drunken fingers had been too much for him, and now that the truth was out he was not sorry for it. Sorry ! why, he was glad — glad .' He felt a sort of possessive right in her now, as if it was a dreadful mistake that legally she belonged to another man, as if, if he only waited long enough and patiently enough, it would all come right by and bye— by and bye. * As yet he hardly knew whether he was disappointed at the turn ot events or not. Of course be loved her — loved her with all his heart and sout — and still be felt a wild, triumphant joy that she had been good enough and strong enough, lo resist him and had refused to listen to his plan for amending the mistakes and mis fortunes of her life. I think it was somewhat remarkable that at this time Jack Trevor only tnought of tbe present and not of tbe future at all. He never thought of the footing on which it was likely their friendship would be; he only was filled with one thought, ' She loves me — Bhe loves me.' He got up suddenly and went, pipe in hand, across the little room to the fireplace over which there hung the portraits of bis nearest relations. Lady Gascoigne looked out from a neat oak frame, and his father's handsome eyes seemed to see into his inmost soul. Jack Trevor stood and looked at him for a long time. ' I wonder what you would say to all this?' he said aloud at last ; ' you knew my dear little girl, Dad — ' Darling Bishop,' she used to call you — I wonder what you'd say if you were here now and I could go and tell you all about it. How I wish I could, Dad — how I wish L could. I know what you'd say though — ' Patience, my lad, patience ' — wouldn't that be about it ? Somehow, 1 feel as if I wanted to tell somebody or other about it and I've got nobody — nobody. Monty Carlton will only jibe and jeer at me for a fool and an idiot— Granny will get a wrong impression of my dear little love— bo what can I do ? I must just come and tell you, Dad, when 1 can't keep quiet any longer.' He was still standing there when his man came to dress him for dinner; he looked at his watch as he took it off. ' It's ever so late,' he said. ' I shall have to hurry up.' And hurry he did, and even then was but barely in time for mess ; but as he slipped into the room at the tail of the file of men just passing from anteroom to mesBroom, he noticed a good way on ahead of him Major Dennis. There were several guests that evening, and Trevor happened to find himself nearly opposite to the Major, who, refreshed by his long sleep during the afternoon, was in his best form that night. Now, Major Dennis's best form was f-imply enough at any time to make Jack Trevor very ill, and that evening, after an afternoon so tragic, he was less inclined than usual to take, or seem to take, any interest in the 6tale jokes and lumbering witticisms with which Major Dennis loved to regale the officers of the Fifteenth when he dined at mess. Therefore, as ' Eoon as they left the table for the anteroom he slipped out into the quiet night air, and walked across to the Major's quarters. And as he passed through the gate of tne mess-hut, he saw, or thought he saw, a familiar figure turn and flit quickly away. ' By Jove, I've seen that woman somewhere— the walk, height, carriage, everything. Who is she? What's she doing here, I wonder?' Already he was giving chase ; but the stranger was quick and light of foot She sped along, drawing her long dark cloak closely around her as she went. Her way was past Dennis's quarters, and as Jack reached the paling where the ivy and the sweetpeas were growing he saw Ethel, in her loose pale gown, with a fleecy white shawl about her shoulders, leaning over the rail. ' Why. Jack!! ' ehe said, in surprise. He stopped short. 'Did you see that woman?' he asked. ?? Why, yes.' ' Did you 6ee her face ? Would you know her again? I wan just following her up.' * 41 But, Jack, purely you recognised her. That waa the dark woman who followed us in the lii^h-streetone day and then into the old china-shop. Don't you re member ?' ' Of— course !' be gasped, ' of— course ! . And, Ethel, who is she ?' ' How should 1 know !' wonderingly. ' She is Medemoibelle Valerie.' . . 'Jack!' . .. . : She stood looking at him for a moment, her face pde, , in the brilliant moonlight, her eyes scared and full -of , trouble. ' What is she doing here ? ' the asked, scarce above a whisper. ' I don't know ; but I imagine Bhe is following the Major for some reason or other.' ' Tracking him about, do you mean ? ' 'Yes.' 'Ob, Jack! Jack!' she cried, 'I do see such trouble ahead. I've been thinking— thinking to-nigbt, and I tee nothiDg but trouble to come, look which way 1 will. Was ever such a husband and wife V I feel half mad already.' ' But,' he said tenderly, ' you are happier than you were this moraine, darling. I know it, ana surely that is something. Why should you worry yourt-clf about thin woman ? Her business, whatever it is, is not with j ou ! You can do nothing to help your husband, aud, it you could, be does not deserve that you should, and probably would not wish it either. You must leave him to manage such a piece of business by himself.' '* Yes, I suppose so,' she replied. She rested her hand wearily on the top of the paling, and Trevor laid one of his large firm hands over ber little cold one. 'Dear,' he said in a very low voice, ' I'm eo glud we went that walk to-day.' ' Yes,' she answered under her breath ; ' but I can see nothing but trouble to come — nothing but trouble.' ?' You are shivering, Ethel— you bad better go in, my dear little love— you must take care of yourself now, for my sake.' He held her band in a cloRe pressure for an instant and watched her till bhe was safely within dooiv. Then be walked back across the bit of open ground to the mess-hut. Not that lie stayed there long— in fact, he did little more than look m to see that Major Dennis was excited and apparently enjoying himself very much, and then he went off to his own quarters and got into ' bed, thankful that ' tbe fellows ' were all too nm-:h occupied with, their own business to trouble themselves for one evening ab'mt his. About an hour after Major Dennis went home. The light was still burning in the little drawing-room, und be found Ethel sitting there mailing a pretence of road* ing. 'Hollo, aren't you gone to bed yet?' hb re marked. ' Not yet,' laying .down her paper and looking at him with her grave grey eyes ' 1 stayed up because 1 wanted to ask jou something, Cosmo.'' ' All right.' He took out his cigarette-case and selected a cigarette. ' Go on,' he said, as be struck a match. ' Cosmo,' she said— and she sat forward in ber chair looking at him earnestly, 'who is Mademoiselle Valerie, and what is she or was she to you ? ' He flung the match and cigarette into the fireplace and sprang to his feet. ' What the devil do you mean ? ' he cried, roughly. ' 1 mean nothing— 1 asked you a question ; that was all,' she answered. It was the first time in her life that she had seen him in « towering rago without being afraid of him. At that moment, however, although his eyes were blazing and his face all aflame, she knew absolutely no tear whatever. 'Who is 6he, Cosmo ?'' she asked again, in ber anxiety rising and going towards him. He turned upon her in a fury. ' How dare you ask me that ? ' he cried, catching hold of her by the arm. 'Cosmo, you are hurting me,' she cried. ' Hurting you ? — I feel like killing you,' he thun dered 'What have you got in your head? What are you trying to find out? Answer me instantly, or 1 shall do something desperate:' In spite of the merciless grip on her arm, Ethel still was net in fear ; for one thing she knew that be had been drinking and was not in his right mind, for another she knew that what she bad to tell him would probably bring him down to the practical side of the question without the delay of a moment. ' I want to find out nothing,' she said, looking at him steadily. ' Did I try to find out who gave you that embroidery ? Not 1! I don't care— you are a free agent, 60 far as I am concerned— 1 don't even take any interest in your doings. But I am your wife and 1 live with you, and when I see a great danger or a great annoyance coniiug upon you, am I not to tell vou of it ? Last year I was afraid of you, Cosmo, but I am not afraid of you now. I shall never be afraid of you again, not even when you are drunk.' He stood staring at her in amazement, recognising that some new element had come into her life; and in his surprise he tightened his grip upon her arm, until she could have shrieked in the agony of her pain. ' What do you mean?' he asked, but he spoke in a quieter tone than before, and his eyeB were filled with a new fear. 'That woman haB been prowling round here this evening,' Ethel said. 'What woman?' 41 The woman whose card you bad the other day Mademoiselle Valerie.' He started violently and let her arm go free. ' She has been here ? ' he cried incredulously. ' Not in this house-no. But she has been watching your movements outside the mess-hut, for Jack Trevor caught her.' ' And how did he know who she was ?' sus piciously. ' People are not all blind, Cosmo. Most of us see more of other folks* business than is always palatable to them, and we have Keen a good deal lately.'' ' And you have been talking me over with— with that boy ?' he deniuudcd. He wbb getting sober rapidly now. ' Not atall ! Sit down, Cosmo, and I will tell you everything that 1 know. You know,' she went on, ' when you went to town lat-t you (old my old friend Jack to look after me— and he did so.' ' Oh, of course. Well ? ' ' Well, we went down to the Recreation Grounds one afternoon to hear the band, and then 1 saw that woman ? first. We noticed her because she was alone, quite alone. She is a handsome woman and not in the least common-looking, and we wondered that sbe should not know a soul, not have a single man salute ber. When we went home she left the Grounds also, and she passed and repassed us , several times. .At last we went into a shop, reallv that we . might lose sight of - her. She followed us in'there also and asked to see some miniatures that were, in the window, and we at last got rid of her. Well, I have seen Her about pretty often since then, and to-day it has come back to me that she passed up -the High street that day we went to Highflight and the grey horse bolted. 1 did not understand at the time why you cut at him with tbe whip ; I think I do now'. This afternoon I could not imagine why you should make such a fuss about a dressmaker's card ; but to night I realised, and eo did Jack, that Mademoiselle Valerie and the woman who has been prowling round here to-night are the same.' ' But about to-night?' he asked anxiously. ' To-night I was feeling tired and lonely ; my head ached a little, and I wrapped a ehawl round me and went out for a few minutes among the flowers, as 1 often do. Whilst 1 was there I saw that woman come quickly from the direction of the mess and pass along towards the gates, followed by Jack Tr«vor, who had just come nut of the mess. He asked me if 1 saw her; eaid be had surprised ber watching through the windows, and added at once that he had seen her somewhere, and when 1 told him, re minded him, that is, of the Recreation Ground and tbe High -street, he said at once, ' She is Mademoiselle ValC.ie.' ' And he is right enough— she is Mademoiselle Valerie,' Mid the Major, gloomily. 'And what in she to you?. What has t-he been to you ?' Ethel asked, a certain stern dignity in her tones. 41 Nothing— absolutely nothing,' he answered. ' I . swear fo you, Ethel, tbat ValCrie sever was anything but niv deadly enpuiv, acd never will be.*' '?But how? Why?' ?-.?-. ''I can't tell you all that now. I will some dav — . ,no.t to-night, I'm too knocked over and all to pieces/' ? : i 'And what does she hope to gain bv tracking you ;down in this way P' *? 1 haven't an idea.' 'NONE SO DEAF AS THOSE WHO WON'T HEAR.'' ' Why don't you see her and have it out with i her?' ' L'd rather face the devil in person,' he auswered promptly. ' I darefay you would; you're a dreadful coward at tho best of times.' ?? A coward— I,' he cried, blazing up again— 'Ethel ? ' 'I spoke quite plainly, did I not:' she asked; ' and - ou know* that it is true or it would not put you into a passion as it has done. Would any man with the strung -h of a Hercules, as you have, put out your great strength against such a thing as I have come to be? Uood heavens,' holding out her little snowiiake of a hand againBt his great red one — ' look at your hand and mine— and look at those, too.' She dragged her 6leeve bark and showed him where the soft white flesh was bruised and blackened. 'Did I do that ?' be aEked, in genuine surprise. ' You did.' ?' Upon my word, Ethel, I'm awfully sorry,' be said, after a moment's silence. ''You i-ee, I've been so beside niyseif the last few weeks I've hardly known what I was doing and I've diunk more than was good forme. Hut I'd do idea ;'d been such a brute as that; and I'm sorrr. You know 1 never laid a finger on you except whfn I was imlt -drunk ! Come, make friends with me, old woman — {live we a kiss.' She held out her hand to him and permitied him just to touch the edge of her cheek. Major Dennis, how ever, causrht her in his arm* and held her close. ' No, give me a real ki*8, Ethel,' he cried. But Ethel put her head back and looked at him wilh such cold contempt in her lovely eyes that his arms relaxed their hold and he set her' free. The next moment, however, he tried to laugh the awkwardness of the situation away. 'Oh! well, if it's like that,' he said, with a would -be jaunty air, 'it's no u*e asking you for it. All the same I'm very much in your debt, and the sharpness of your wit is undoubted.' Chapter XIV.— WAITING. If thy hand be in the lion's mouth, Ret it out as fust as thou canst. I think if Major Dennis had been younger, or if Ethel had been older, that circumstances at this time would have drawn them closer together than they had ever been before in all their lives. But the Major had had a fair chance of winning his wife's love, and had, in his carelessness and violence, lost it for ever. Truth to tell, his admiration for her had never been so great as when sbo held herself back from the clasp of his arms and by a single look indi cated that she didnotmeanto kisBhim. ''Pon my soul,' he said to himself when she had gone to bed and he was smoking his last cigarette — ' 'l'on my soul, there's more, far more in the little woman than I thought, and, by Jove, how she iounded on me ; what a little spitfire she looked, and how pretty. As for Valerie— oh ! damnation.' . The door opened again and Ethel came in. Major Dennis looked aside. ' What is it ?' he asked. ' I left uiy puree here ; that was all,' she answered. She crossed to the fireplace and took her purse from the chimney-shelf. ' Ethel,' he said, holding out, his hand. ' I say. little woman, I'm real sorry I hurt your poor little writt. You'll forgive me, won't you ?' ?' Oh ! yes. Pray don't say anything more about it.' '' But l' can't help saying something about it, because —oh ! hang it all, Ethel, 1 feel BUch a brute, such a brute. Poor, dear little wrist.' And then he caught her hand in his and kissed the ugly black bruise just where Trevor's lips had touched it a few hours before. She wrenched away her hand with an exclamation of— what ? Annoyance, pain, anger, disgust ? Hedid not know. ' What have I done ? ' he asked. ' You hurt me,' she answered. ?'Ib it so bad as that?' ' Yep. But please, Cosmo, don't speak of it again. It was bad enough at the time, but I knew that you did not mean to do it. I don't want to think about it any more,' and she turned away and was gone out of the room before he could speak apain. «? By Jove, how pretty she is,' he said to himself, ' a deuced sight prettier than ever she was in all her life before. 1 a! ways did like a bit of spirit in a woman ? always. And, by Jove, but it's good of her not to let it stand between us, and to say she didn't want to hear or^think any more about it.' If he had only known how much more insurmount able a barrier had risen up between them— how Trevor's bright face was ensbrineil in his wife's heart — how Trevor had taken the white neglected flower of his life and had replanted it in the soil of love and chival rous devotion ! Well, it was as -» ell that he did not, for probably he would have fallen in love with his wife afresh ; and, as it was, this unwonted tenderness was but a flash in the pan— there was nothing lasting or real about it. Well, three days after this, Major. Dennis sent in his papers. He came home one afternoon about 6 o'clock and announced the news with the customary disregard to his wife's feelings which generally characterised hiB behaviour. 'Ethel,' he said, ' I've sent in my papers.' 'Cosmo!' ' Yes, I know. You wanted to goon soldiering, and I wanted to command a regiment. But I can't bear being tracked down any longer. That woman is driving me out of my senses, and my tenses, aa you very well know, never were much at the best of times.' ' But, Cosmo— could nothing be done ? Why don't you see her and see if ehe would hear reason and leave you in peace?' ' No. Ten years ago I might have done. But I'm Bick of soldiering— I'd rather be free now' ??« And you will go abroad ? ' ' Abroad—' doubtfully—' abroad ? Oh !— do you care much about that ?' 'No, I hate the very idea of it; but — oh! are you quite decided on leaving the Service? ' 'Oh, quite— and I'm sick of it.' ?* But where shall we live?' her lips asked; ' When Bhall I see Jack ?' her heart said. ' There's no place like London. I — I've thought a good bit about it to-day, and I think a flat would be best— a nice, convenient flat where you would be quite safe if I wanted to go shooting for a day or two, and where we could make sure of not being at home when we wanted to shake off certain people. What d'you think P' . A year before Ethel's heart would have gone down to zero at such a prospect ; now, however, it btruck her as likely to be a very happy arrangement. ' You'll keep Judge?' the said abruptly. ' Judge— oh ! would you ? I shall have to buv him off if 1 do' 'You will never get another man who understands your ways as he does,' she said, with conviction. ??Perhaps not. Well. I'll think about it. liythe oye, are you going out?' 'No: it is my day,' she answered. She had stayed indoors on one day in the week ever since they had been in Chi-r'tt^y. 'Ah! jo*, so it is. Well, I have promised to drive over to SaLbon with Moore— so I'll be off.' fie had not been gone very long before Mrs. Dennis's tir.«t visitors came in, 'two ladies Irom the town, who made their first call that day. And before they were gone Monte Carlton appeared with Trevor, and, af U r ten minutes of the most ordinary common place conversation, he ruse to take his leave* ' Ta-ta,' said Trevor, in his friendliest voice, Cailton went away in disgust ; and as he passed the window Jack Trevor moved over to the low settee where Ethel sat. ♦' I may sit here ?' he askrd ; ar.d then he took her hand and began to smooth it gently duwn. *' And what news hare you r' ' I have news,' the answered. ' Cosmo has sent in tiiq nnnam.*' ? _ ? . ? ??'Never!' 'Yes, it is true.' ' And you are going abroad r' 'Oh! no, we are going to live in London; we are going- -o have a flat.** ' It ib absolutely settled ? He has a-, tually done it r ' 'Oh! yes. And he sjvs he is tired of soldiering, . so there's no chance of his changing his mind now.' , ' And you -how do you like it ?' he asked. : ' I don't like it at all. But then that does not ? matter. And I think, on the whole, it will be f «r better I to be in London. 1 nhall not see y«u so often, but that i will be as well. People would sonn have begun to talk and chatter if we had been seen much about together, while in London I don't think anybody bothers very much about one.' 'But you don't like leaving the regiment? 'iou don't like eroingaway, so that you will only see me now and tlen, do you'r ' hn asked anxiously. ' You know that 1 do not,' the said, in a very low voice. They sat for a long lime talking over (he prospect of the future; no visitors came to disturb them; the Major did not return. At last Trevor pot up and moved rest lessly about tfie room as if he had something: to t-ay and dH not know how to say it. Then he went back to the settee .-md snt down bpside her again. '' I waut to sav something to you. dear,' he said at last, ' and 1 don't find it at all ea-y to sny. It is this. 1 want jou to proinue me that' if ever the time comep.if it ever should come, that you feel you cannot bear your life any longer, th«t \ ou will let me know at once ! You won't keep on trying to endure !hn unendurable from a-i idea tuat, because I do not ask you eve»y time I see you to give up everything for me, therefore I avu not readv to give up everything for you ? I cannot make your life a burden to you by continually pestering you to give uo your -rood resolution: but you will remem ber, won't you, that 1 am ready if ever and whenever you want me 'i ' 'And if you should meet somebody else — somebody you like better than me ? ' she asked Taintly. Trevor laughed aloud. ' Somebody I like better ': Is that very likely ? Still I promise 'you that, if ever anything so unlikely should ever come about. I will let you know it. Not in word— you wouldn't expect it, would you ? But I would give up coming— and— and oh ! Ethel, my dear, my dear, how silly we are to 1alk like this. As if I could see that tome one else— ' '3=~ 'I suppose you're Mr. Trevor V'— Chapter IV ' But I shall understand,' she said. ' It ib always best to be prepared— even for the worst, you know.' ' There is something in that,' he rejoined, smiling at her and softly stroking her hand still. 'And tell me, dear, when are you going?' ' I go on Thursday. ' We are going to take nothing from here, except some trifles of my own which can be packed in an ordinary box.' 'And you put up*?' ' Oh ! lit our usual place in London- Borne very poid rooms in Jermyn- strtaf. 1 suppose V?e shall *top there until we fkd a suitable flat, and get it furnished, and all that.' *'l wonder how Crummies will like life in a flat?' said Trevor, stooping to i-mooth the fine coat of the bulldog, who was sleeping peacefully at hie mistress's feet. 'I'm afraid not at all— poar old fellow,' Ethel replied. ? I ' You had belter leave him with me,' he sug gested. ' Oh ! no — I can't part from ''Crummies,' said Ethel decidedly. ) ' Ethel ! ' said Trevor presently, ' where is the j Major to-day ?' j ' He has gone to Sabbon with Captain Moore.' - 'Oh ! with Moore ; alter a horse, 1 suppose I' ' Yes, I believe so.' ' Ah ! Moore is always chopping and ch«uiginff— ' never knew smli a fellow in my life. I Bay, Ethel, j what has made the Major send in bispapeisr' , ' He saya he is tired of the Service.' i ' And tired of being chivvied about by the Valerie, I dan say. I wet her on the road, just outeide the gates ; in fact. ab--ut an hour ago.' *' Was fhe coming (his way ?' ' No, she was going towards Jhe town.' 'AhJ— Jack-do you know Cosmo swears that she is nothing to him.' i . ' Oh, yes, I daresay.' ' And that ehe has never been.' 'Oh; if a quite likely.' 41 1 cannot make out why fhe haunts him about so.' ' The reason is obvious.' 'But Cosmo says not; and. really, I don't think he would mind telling me if —if it was only that she had been in love with him once. Besides, he says that she alwavfl bated him, and he her.' ' Then he must have a lively tiuio of it on the whole, for I'm sure the lady's ettorts to get at him nre most per- istenr,' remarked Trevor, with an amused air. ' I oan't think how it is that she doesn't meet him about the town.' 'But Cosmo never goes into the town— at least not on foot,' Ethel cried. '1 don't believe he has once been outside the gates on foot since the dav we all went to Hijfbflight.' At this moment a loud knock at the front door resounded through the hut. ' Visitors,' said Trevor, with a reMgaed air and abandoning his place on the eettce for an easy chair at a Iii tie distance. 'The door of thn room was open, and (hey could hear distinctly every word uttered by the visitor and Judge— the holdi-T- servant, ?' Major Dennis- is he at home?' the visitor said. It was u lady's voice. ' He i* not. Mum,' returned Judge, etolidty. '? You are sure?' ' Quite cure, .Mum; the Major went out in the dog cart an hour and H-half ago.' ' Mrs. Dennis— is she in ?'' *' I'm not mighty t-urn, Mum. What nnnie'r' 'Never mind what name,' the woman's voice replied. ' 1 know she is in, for I saw her just now. Show me ths war.' ' Go— bolt in — to your bedroom,' whispered Trevor ; ' it is Valerie.'' As quick as thought Ethel fled through the doorway which led in to her bedroom, leaving him alone to face the insistent visitor, who entered the following moment. J udge cast a glance round the room ; Trevor got up from his chair. 'I'm afraid I can't wait any longer for your mistress, Judge,' he said, looking at bis watch. 'Very good, sir.' ? ' You tell her that I came ': ' 'I will, sir.' Then, turning to the strange visitor, he said, ' Mrs. Dennis is not at home, mum.' ' 1 will wait until Major Dennis returns,' answered the lady curtly. Trevor went out— Judge followed. ' Keep your eye on the silver, Judge,' said Jack, 'and don't let her know that Mrs. Dennis is in i he house.' ' Very good, sir,' answered Judge, with unruffled demeanour. Tventy minutes later the Major and Captain Moore drove in at Ihe big g«tes. ' Major,' said Trevor, stopping the trap by a gesture, ' a lady is waiting to see you— at your quarters.' ''My God ! ' muttered the major, ' it's Valerie ! ' Chapter XV.— BAFFLED ! Of all the numerous ills that hurt our peace, That pief.s the soul, or wring ihemind with anguish, beyond comparison the worst are thoBe Which to our lolly or our guilt we owe. 'Moore,' said the Major, 'I want to get down here. Do you mind driving the cart round for me? ' ' Not a bit, sir,' answered Moore promptly. ' So the Major got down and the other took the reins end drove off. Major Dennis turned eagerly to Trevor, who was waiting with an impassive face to hear what would come next. 'Who is it, Trevor? Anyone you know?' the Major nBked. ? ' No, sir : I have never spoken lo the lady,' the other answered ; then udded, ' I know her by sight. She ie not aii Knt-Hi- hw-'mitn.' ' And she ? is it Vhliria V ' he gasped out. ' Yee, sir, I believe it ic,' Trevor answered. He I felt an unutterable and mercilres contempt tor his superior, nor dia he believe fur a moment that this Mademoiselle Valerie neither was nor ever had been anything to him. For Dennis's own sake be sure that Jack Trevor would not have lifted a finger to stop the niont scandalous scene in the world. He had acted aa he had. done entirely for Ethel, for Ethel only, wholly and solely because she alwaye shrank with euch horror from the very idea of a scandal and a scene, and because he ielt that with her a prisoner in her bedroom as she was, the situation was one which might become a dangerous one at anv moment.' 'And Ethel ? r' 'I was sUting with her, 6-r, when the -the lady came, and 1 whispered to her to ge into her bedroom and lock the door. 1 believe she is there yet.' ' And that woman in the drawing- room ?' the Major ciied. 'I left her there,' returned Trevor, in a hard wooden voi«%e. ' Then she must be got away. She must be turned out of th' camp,' Major Dennis exclaimed. ' Hadn't you bet er see her, sir, and j;et it over ? ' 'Not ior the world.' 'She may want nothing very important— a mero trifle,' Trevor urged. ' More likely she's got an infernal machine or a bottle of vitriol to ihrow in my face,' retorted the other sharply. 'However, I'll go round and give orders myself.' He strode away, leaving Trevor standing: lookintr after him. Then he suddenly bethought himself that he would like to fee the end of it all, and foi tuwith set off in the direction of the l ajor'd quarters as quickly as was possible without breaking into a run. Mnjor Dennis had disappeared by the time that Trevor got within sight of his quarters, so that he did not hear the subsequent altercaton between the strange lady and the soldier-servant. Judge. That stolid person, after having received his orders iron his master, went quittly into the tiny drawing room, and thus addressed himself to the lady — 'If you please, mum, Major Dennis bids me say that ho is not able to see you (o-day.' '?I will wait,' said the lady, without moving. 'Major Dennis will not be home to-night, mum,' Judge added. ' No matter; I'll wait till he does come.' ' Begging your pardon, mum, but you can't wait here,' said Judge, with delightful civility. 'Oh! yes, 1 shall.' ' Beggingyour pardon, mum, but I've got my orders, and I can't let you wait here,' ho repeated. ' Indeed ! And how can you prevent it r' ' I have but to step up to the guardroom te have a file of men down here in two minutes,' answered Judge witL great urbanity ; ' and though I'd be sorry to treat a lady with any disrespect, I've got my orders, mum, and I've got to carry them out.' Thus cornered the lady very reluctantly rose from her seat on Ethel's favourite settee. *' Well,' she eaid, ' I have heard a great deal about the chivalry of your English soldiers, and when I come to visit an English officer, I am turned out of his bouse.' But it was only wasting breath to talk about chivalry to a stolid block of a soldier servant, who had got his orders, and would carry them out at any cost. Made moiselle Valerie did not realise that though Judge would have promptly knocked down and thrashed almost to a jelly any man that he saw ill-using a woman, yet ho had no compunction whatever, in her case, of conveying his master's message to her in all its plain truth and uncompromising ugliness. .She went out of the hui therefore without further ado, and Trevor from a distance saw her go off in the direction of the town. ' Beaten again,' she muttered, as she passed the great gate*). ' I suppose that's why he chooses to live in that miserable littie wooden cabin ; he knows he can alWHys escnpe in among his great brutes of soldiers. Bah ! I never thought I could be baffled by a great fool like Dennis.' When the stranger bad fairly gone, Major Dennis sent Judge across to Mr. Trevor's quarters to ask him to come over before he went to mess. And when he was dreRsed Trevor did so, and found the Major alone in the little drawing- room. 'Trevor, my dear fellow,' said the Major, with boisterous heartiness, ' I can't thank you enough for having spared me from walking in unawares on that woman this afternoon. I'm awfully obliged u- you.' ' Don't speak of it, sir,' said Jack, a little stiflly. ' I wished to save Mrs. Dennis any annoyance— that was all.' ' Then she shall thank you herself. Stay— there's one thing I want to say— I know what you must think of this mysterious lady who is paying me such uttention just now ? ' ' I have no right to think about it at all, sir,' put in Jack frigidly. 'But I wish you to do so,' rejoined the Major; ' because.you could— from a surface knowledge— only have one opinion on the subject. But 1 give you my word of honour that she was never anything but a bitter nnemy to me— never.' 'She does seem bitter enough,' said Jack, relaxing, and y*'t in a very scornful tone! 'By Jove, yes,' said the Major, 'and 'pon my word, if she follows me up and makes my life a burden to me in London as she ha« done here, 1 shall have to buy a yacht as the only safe way of getting rid of her.' Then he wont to the door of the bedroom and called, '? Ethel, Ethel, I want you a minute.' ' Yes,' she answered, and came out flushing with surprise when 6he saw Trevor there. 'Trevor tells me he only came to the gatea and warned me that he might save you annoyance. So per haps you will thank him for yourself.' Mrs. Dennis went with outstretched bands to Trevor. 'Jack, you were very good,' she said earnestly. ' Thank you so much— eo much.' She knew as well what his eyes meant as if he had spoken in plain words. Hip looks said—' This man is not true to you, and he ill-uses you, you carry the marks of bid violence on your body at this moment ! Why do .you not set yourself free from him ? You have Ihe power, why do you not use it V ' She cast a piteous look back at him as if to say—' Do not put such an idea into my mind— don't tempt me! ' ' Trevor,' said the Major at that moment, ' you're a good sort. I'll never forget the good turn you've done me to-day. Remember, whether it'a a flat or a yacht, you'll always be welcome in it— isn't that so, Ethtl?' 'Always,' said Ethel, faintly; and in that one word1 Trevor's short- lived hopes of ' happiness in the near future died. For, somehow, in those few moments, he realised that Ethel would never willingly go in for a divorce against her husband. It was a temptation to her, jue-t as his first proposal that they should go away together had been. But ehe had been brought up with a horror of anything approaching to a public scandal, and even in the face of overwhelming temptation, the shrinking from the very fact of divorce clmig to her still. So, in the language of a look, he gathered that, in spite of her love dragging always at her heart-t-t rings, she would, unlesB Major Dennis became more violent, and his infidelities more apparent, cany the burden of her Borrow to the very end. After this the Dennises were soon gone and their place in the Fifteenth knew them no more. There was a sale of the furniture and fittings of their hut, which as it was really the one apportioned to the commanding officer, was an unusually good one. And then, as the Colonel was still living outside, the next senior murried officer came into possession of it. This happened to be Captain tStratton, and Airs. Stratton was very gleeful over the change. ' ' 1 dou't like (o say much, Mr. Trevor,' sha remarked on the day that her things were removed — 'because M re. Deonia whb such a great friend of your«; but uruil you have had to pnt yourself and your wite, lo say nothing of two babies into a box with four compartments, you will never be able to realise the luxury and comfort of having .six rooms all a trifle larger tliuti those y.u have left. And you'll conn* and help we tc» get settled, won't a ou?' What could I revor say ? Weil, exactly what be did, that he would be charmed, delight, d, »nd al- (be re^t. And every day for a whole -week, be pa\e all his spare time to make himself' useful and littlo Mrs. Stratton's quarters habitable, nailing up pictures and fans and brackets and pots in the sweet little room which was hallowed to him by the memory of bis dear love's presence. Well, well, the best days in life cotne to an end sooner or Inter, and perhaps it was as well for him that the commanding officer's quarters in Cherteey Camp had conic under the rule of a new mistress. CiJAiTEii XVI.— 'THE FLATS, S.W.' The world is u net ; (he lr.ore we fctir ill it, the mure we :ire entangled. There is in that part of London which writes S.W. on its letters, and is considered a distinctly fashionable locality, a huge pile of buildings which is known as 'Tbo Flats.' It is something more than a mere building in which you may find suites of rooms each self -contained, with iisown front door, and which you may make as much your ensile as the most English Englishman could wieh. For at 'The Flats' they take you in, aud, beyond paying a certain sum of money, you have no more trouble t bun you had when you were a child in your father's house. You can live there without a care as to your cuok or your housemaid, your sweep or your laundress ; they take you in, in fact, and 'do' for you to perfection in every way. If you arc a very sociable person you may make many* acquaintances auionc the three or four hundred people who live under the same roof with you, or you may live there for yearo and never speak to a single S'luMrom year's end to year's end. You can give a dinner of 40 people with as little trouble as vou can aek one lniin to come in on Wednesday and dine quietly with you at 8 o'clock ; you can go nway for six months or a'\ear, and you needn't trouble to put anything under lock and key— tho management does all that for you ; or you may let your tuite mid hav« h few guineas a. week to help to pay your expenses while you are visiting amonK your friends and solutions, or enlarging your mind by foreign travel. Then you need not trouble yourself to keep horses and carriages unless you like— the management will provide you with anything of that kind that you may happen to require, and you have but to order the open or the close carriage, as you may think moBt fit. Well, it in a charming arrangement, and were I a free agent in such matters— which I need hardly eay I am not— that poriion of mankind which enjoys the doubtful privilege of my acquaintance would, before . many weeks have gone over my head, see me comfortably es lablished on the second or third floor of 'The Flats.' I can imagine no life so easy, no household so n'eaennt to manage, or with so few domestic worries .to fret one's soul. Well, the Dennises, after being in rooms in Jermyn r i reel for several weeks, all at once bethought them of 4 ' The Flat s,' and deteriainfid to go and see whether there wore any suites of rooms to be let. ' If you remember,' waid the Major as they drove a'ong, ' Emily Ilardcaetlo was there for six months at least. She swears by the place; said she never loiked a thing up or even bolted the door at night. I believe it would be the very place.' However, when they got there they did not find a single large-sized suite of rooms vacant. There were two very small ones, each with a good sitting-room, a g iod bedroom, a small maid's room, kitchen, and buth r- 'in— in reaity suites only intended for one person. OT;r these Mrs. Dennis shook her head. ' Wo must have more room than that,' she said decidedly. ?? Would you like to take a furnished suite for six months ':' asked the young man— manager, clerk, or whatever he was-- who took them round. ' Then you 0 «uld secure any other that fell vacant.' ' Oh ! wn should not miud that. But is this suite a good size?' t ' Eight good rooms, Madam,' he replied. And eventually they decided on taking these rooms, which were very well arranged and remarkably well t lrnished, for. a period of six months, and agreed to take possession during the same week. *4 And you have none larger V ' Ethel asked, ' Not larger — we have two email suites- no, stay, onn PtnflU suite to let until next Easter,' the young man replied. ' 1 nee. Ah ! well, I think this one will do very wo',!, for the time, at all events.' it seemed to Ethel, when they hnd got fairly settled, that at last they had found peace. Major Dennis simply revelled in the new life. 'The Flats' was close to his club, not far from the theatres or the Park, was quiet and pleasant to live in, and he was free from the dreadful fear which had almost driven him mad at Chertsey. And when they had been there a few weeks Trevor came up for his long leave, and then the Major began to enjoy life a little. Oh yes, I ppeak advisedly— I mean ' the Major,' not the Major's wile. At the time of their leaving Chertsey, he had been smitten with much compunc tion for bis treatment of Ethel, and I must do him the justice to say that, as far as wub in his power, lie did his best to show that he was ashamed of the part he had played, and he did everything that he could do to amend matters. Bui, as 1 said before, his interest in her was not , reil, i» was tut a ila-h in I he ]on, and on her side Eiliel did nothing to keep it alight. He bored her, hiuI *.h« bored him, and although for a lew weeks he was mo.-a .cnivalioUH and devoted, und took her from : shop to hliop, and from theatre to theatre, yet when 'fii vor made hit* appearance one day early in November announcing the news that he hud come up for his long ' leave, Major Dennis was so unfeigntdly glad to ft'* him that his welcome was of the most effusive ' kind. »? Aly dear boy, where are you staying ¥ I'm aw» fully glad to see you,' he cried, going on without waiting for an answer. 'Ethel will be delighted; and you'll be able to take her about a little ; it will be a change for her.' ' Oh ! I shall be charmed to make myself useful rn Mrs. Dennis,' said Trevor in his nioBt conventional tone* *? i'cs— yes — you were always friende, weren't you? Ah! she'll be 'delighted— delighted. You must come and dino— to- nigbt, eh ! And we might do a theatre— what d'you think Y' 44 With pleasure,' returned Jack, who would cheer fully have assisted at an Irish wake, had he known that Ethel would be of the party likewise. 44 We don't know many people in London. You see,' Major Dennis went on, ''I've been so many years soldiering, and I never was much of a society min at any time of ray life. By- the-bje, where did you eay you were staying r'' ?? iu bt. JaiuesVbtreet,*' Tn. vor replied. ' Ah ! well, near enough— near enough. Are you going to stop a little now ?' ». Yes - if Mrs. Dennis is at home, and— and has no objection.' ' Tben I shall go round to the club a little. I know Ethel will be here in a minute; *he wasdiessing, or 8ou-ething, Hnd *aid she'd be here directly. So you'll be all nghi , won't you V' ' Oh ! Yp— don't stop for me, Major, pray,' Trevor rejoined. . m-, m iiu-lj. was as glad to see the Major go as tne M*j-- rwas to 'feel that he could go off for an hour without feeling that he was behaving like a brute to a po -r little neglected wife; eo, when Ethel came in, .-ho four-' Trevor awai'tntr her alone. 'Why, where is Cosmo ?' sbo exclaimed, looking round. *' He Raid he was coming to you.' 44 He did ; but he hat) gone off to the club, and he has asked me to dine and do a theatre with you to night. Ethel, my darling, say that you are glad to see 44 You know tLfit 1 am glad,' she said, with gentle reproach. ' I ought not to le to glad— 1 know it.' 4- And yet you are r' ?? Yes. I am,' smiling at him. 44 And vou are well ';' ' Yen, *l am much better here than I was at Chert Bey. I think tbat hut was very trying, although I was fond of it. Tell tiie. who has it now ':' 41 Mrs. Stratum.' ♦4 Mrs. Stratum ! Then the now Major is not mar ried :-' 14 He is not. Mrs. Stratton was wildly overjoyed to get it,' Trevor said, smiling at the remembrance of his own disgust that anyone could be thoroughly glad that Ethel was gone away. . ?4 Why are you smiling, Jnck :-' she asked suddenly. *' Because I am very happy just now, and a final thing make? a happy man smile ; for another, I was smiling at the recollection of my disgust that the little woman was so unfeignedlv glad to have the hut. A nd tell me, dear, you have been all right— that womun hasn't found you out yet ':' 'No ; you know there is no placelike London ; it is so easy to lose oneself in it. Tell me, was she there long after we left ;f' 44 Some little time. But, you see, ehe couldn't get into camp much to learn facts for herself, and Mrs. Stratton hud all the blinds and everything up a couple of days after you left, so that the place didn't look very different. I met Ler twice in the High street, and I saw her several times suspiciously near to our lines. But after a few days she disappeared, and I haven't seen her since.' 44 1 wonder if she will give it up as a hopelesB case,' said Ethel. ' You see, we shall be very difficult to trace out here. We have taken this flat, furnished, for six months ; the name of the regular tenant is on the board doanstairs, and we told the hall-porter not to put our name on. So even if she gets a notion of going all round London, searching every block of Hats, she j may come here and be no wiser. However, 1 hope now that she will give it up, for now that she is not on the scece Cosmo is quite a different man.' 44 Iv o more bruiseB?' Trevor asked, taking her hand. ' No more bruises — oh, 1 told you at the time be did not mean to do anything like thut. He is rough and boisterous, and be* takes a great deal more than is good for him — end— and — there are other things. But he ib not all bad, and sometimes he is as nice as nice can be.' ' As nice as I am r' half jealously. '* You are foolish, Jack, vciy foolish,' she snid, drawing her hand away. ' You know the answer to that 'quest ion, so I shall not tell it to you.' 44 Then why should you take your hand away ?' 44 Because it is better for you that I should.' ' It is not better. It is better for me in every way that you should leave your hand always in mine. Oh ! I know exactly what you would say ; but 1 am right, Ethel— I know 1 am right.' ' Perhaps— but I don't think so,' she answered. 44 But don't let us waste our time quarrelling over trifles. Tell me, bow much leave have you r' 41 My long leave; two months.' ' And what are you going to do V Where ate you going F' 44 1 am going tc stay in town.' 'In town ?*' incredulously. ' Of course. Where else should I go V' 44 But I thought you would have hosts of invitations — that you would be shooting and hunting, and doing a round of country houses.' ' Thousand thanks; all the same, I'm going to stay in town. Ob, I've had invitations— plenty of them— but 1 don't know a greater bore than country-house visiting. Besides, I've done it for tivo years now. I've had enough of it. I'm going to enjoy this leave.' Ethel said nothing, but 1 must confess that her heart fairly jumped for joy, and she settled her self down amongst the soft and silken pillows of the lounge on which they were sitting with an air of intense satisfaction, which was the prettiest compliment that she could possibly have paid the man who was watching her every look and movement with fond and jealouB eyes. 44 By-the- bye, how does Crummies get on?' he asked presently. 44 Pretty well,' she said. 4- Judge takes him out every morning, unless I happen to have him out with me. Crummies is always quite content to be where I am.'* 41 Sensible Crummies,'' exclaimed Trevor promptly. 44 And how doeR Judge appreciate London life r' ' I think he likes it immensely,' said Ethel confident tially. 'You see, Jack, we have no servants here' of our own, excepting Judge and my maid ; they provide all the servants. We have nothing to do with them. But I have my maid, who is iather a prim and sour yonng personj with a great idea of being a beauty and ah immense idea of being very very stylish. Judge pretends— and I believe it is only pretending— to be over head and ears in love with her. Zelle is divided between looking down upon Judge in every way and not being able to resist hiB flatteries ; and sometimes when my door is open 1 can hear them skirmishing outside, and really it is most amusing, for Judge lays on the flattery with a shovel, just as if he wan trying if he could see how much shecun take with out finding him out,' ' Perhaps he really is gone on her, poor chap,' sug gested Trevor. '? I don't think so ; I don't think to, For instance, the other morning I was in my little boudoir writing a letter. I had not shut file door after me aud Zelle was in my room, the door of which is just opposite to the boudoir door. I heard J.udge come along the passage and knock at that door ? , ? Yes,' Zelle said tartl\\.' 14 ? 'Tip your humble slave, Miss Zelle,' be said in a meek voice, ..^would you be so very good and «-o kind as to let hid go through this 'ere room to my maetei's dressing-room f ' ' * Go through the, regular door,' answered Zelle. ? I can't do with a great 'ulking eoldier.dragoon in my mistress's apartment,' . 44 * The door ia locked on the inside, sweet blushing, rose,' said Judge more meekly still ; * otherwise I shouldn't make so bold as to venture to trouble ray beautiful pearl,' '1,' said Mrs. Dennis, *' was nearly choking with laughter ; but Zelle moBt graciously opened the door and let him in. What passed after that I don't know, but Zelle was like an angel all the rest of the day^-just like an angel.' 41 And is she a beautiful pearl?' Jack asked, ?« Oh ! frightful,' cried Ethel gaily. It was wonderful how gay and light of heart she seemed. Then she sent for Judge, who came wooden faced, stolid, and apparently quite imperturbable, as if such thoughts as (- sweet blushing roses ' and 44 beautiful pearls ' had never entered his mind in all his life. . *4 Judge, Mr. Trevor is going to stay to dinner,' his mistress said. Judge saluted Mr. Trevor, who said, *? Well, Judge, haw are you ?' and told Mrs. Dennis that he would attend to it. 44 And we are all going to a theatre this evening. You had better go down to the bureau and see about tickets. Where shall we go ?' she asked of Trevor. 41 Anywhere you please. It is all new to me, you know.' ' 'Then we'll say the Haymarket— they've got a lovely piece there, I believe— Captain SwiU. See if you can get stalls lor the Ha- market, Judge.' ' ?* en, mum. Three stalls, mum '( '* . ? 44 Ye?, three stalls, or a box, but not far from the slape.' 44 Very good, mum.' Trevor laughed as he closed the door. ' Judge must be a fine study when he is making violent love of the blushing rose order. I wish I could hear them without being seen, by-the-bye, Ethel, have you got a theatre ticket place here ?' 44 No; but they have a telephone in the bureau. They find out ar.y thing for you in a few minutes in any part of London. Oh ! it is' convenient living here, 1 can assure you.' 44 Very convenient for the Major's club, and very convenient for my rooms,' cried Trevor laughing. 44 And that reminds me that it i« half-past 6 now, and you and 1 both have to dresp. What time is dinner ? ' ?? We bad better say a quarter-past 7 or we shall he so late, and I do like to see the beginning of a play. Cosmo is sure to be back in time for that.' And sure enough, within 10 minutes of Trevor's eoing away Major Dennis came in. ' Is Trevor coming back ? ' he asked. 44 Oh ! yes ; he has gone (o dress.' 44 Havn°y°u Pot seatB f ' ' 'Xes: 'for the Hay market.'1 » Thai's good. By-the-bve, I saw Charley Coventry at the club just now. I'm going to dine with him to- j morrow. You must get Trevor to take you somewhere or other.' 44 And who is Charley Coventry r ' I » Charley Cpventry— why, 'pon my wprdj Ethel, I don't believe you've ever met him. He u«ed to be a great pal of mine. Wo were at Fton togeiuer. Jolly chap, Charley; I must bring him in to see you, one of there days.' Mrs. Dennis did not know it. but the grass had been growing over Charley Coventry's grave for many and many along year; but it is convenient sometimes to have a friend whose engagements never clash with yours, who will dine with you anywhere at a moment's notice, and in any company you like to select. Major Dennis had not thought of his old friend for many a day, but he raked him out of bis quiet grave in ihe far off African forest to do duty as a blind, without a moment's hesitation or compunction. Poor Charley Coventry— Cosmo Dennis had been his best friend ome — truly the ways of friendship ate wonderful. ?? . Well, in due time Trevor returned and the little dinner of three passed off quite as merrily as anyone j could expect under the circumstances. And then they went off to the Hay marker, where Ethel sat between the two men in the stalls atd cried over the sorrows of i Captain Swift until her face was all aflame and her eyes . sore with the sad salt tears— where the Mnjor went out between eat-h act and missed one xltogett'ner, and Trevor sat still and quietly resisted all tt mpiations to ao and see how cool it was out ne'e orto La\e *4 a whisky and soda after all this tr«g- dy.' And when all was over and they were pns.-inir out towards the hall, Major Dennis turned :ba-k to Trevor and said— ' Trevor, you take care of Ethel and I'M find the carriage,' never noticing that, he had actually brushed up against Mademoiselle Valerie, who w-s just in the act of putting a black lace fccarf ovtr l.er head. She started violently and pulled the scarf almoM entirely over her face so as io hide it from Ethel aud Trevor who were left btanding together. ' Do you ever go out to supper ufter the theatre ? ' he asked. ' If you do will you both cone and have supper with me sou.ewbcre r ' 44 No — Cosmo cannot bear these public supper-rooms — he never lets me go to them ; ' Ethel answered — 4 ' thanks all the same. But you will go back with us —we have a very good supper-ioom at the Flats.' 41 Here's the carriage,' shouted the Major from the doorway. 'The Flats— ' echoed Valere— 4-I have found him out at laBt ! ' — Ch.u-teu XVIL— THE PIPING TIMES OF PEACE. Tell not all you knn*v and judge not all you sec if you v oulil live in peace. What happened to Mademoiselle Valerie after Ethel Denuis and Jack Trevor passed out of ihe lobby of the Haymarket Theatre into the dark night, I cannot say, but certain it is tbat she did nut immediately make it her business to call upon Mxjor Dennis in his retreat at the Flats, S.W. Time went on— days wore away and the Dennises still believed tbat they were safe from the relentless (shadow which badfpursued them so unpleasantly at Chertsey. And at this time they all got on in a wonderfully pleasant way. ' Major Dennis vas but little at The Flats ; he went a great deal to his club, and he spent a great deal of his time in the company of ' dear old Charley Coventry,' who had never yet managed to pay his respects to his old chum's wife. Stay, though— he had gone in twice tu The Flats when Ethel was out, and Major Dennis' had made a good deal of the circumstance, . *'. It's so very add, you know, Ethel,' he said, af (er the second call which Charley Coventry had made, 44 that old Charley should, be so anxious to know you and should miss you twice running. It's very odd,' 44 Why don't you ask him to dinner?' said Ethel, innocently. ' You'd make sure of his meeting me then.' 41 By Jove, yes; it's a good idea,' cried the Major. ' I'll ask him to-morrow, eh ? And then we can go four to a theatre.' ' Yes.' answered Ethel ; 'I'm sure that will be far the best,' But Charley Coventry did not accept the invitation ; naturally he hardly could, poor fellow, having been out of the way of dinner-parties for many a long year. Major Dennis gave bis excuses to Ethel, and added the information that ' old Charley's such a desperately fly chap, 1 daresay he shirks it.' Ethel did not, however, think very much of the cir cumstance, tor not having seen Charley Co\ent»y, he held no place in her mind. She quite accepted the Major's excuse as being a not unnatural one, and thought no more of it. In truth her life was at this time a very well occu pied one, aud she was as happy as it was possible for her to be, unless she had been jack Trevor's wife. As it was she was his greatest friend, and he here. She saw him every day and sometimes several times in the day— it had couio to bean understood .thing tbat where ' ehe went, he would go ? also ; and^iMajor Dennis so far ,, from resenting it, regarded the arFangeiiient in the light of a totally unmixed blessing, which! Would permit him to come and go accordingly as bjs own sweet will dio tate. -. And very soon Ethel began to make'vfciends and to have quite a nice little circle of acquaintances. She got to know several people living in The Flats, or they got to know her— whichever you like; and through them she got to know coma very pleasant people in the world outside the community which lived under the same roof -tree. And there were some very charming people living in The Flats at that time. There vas a Mrs. Wylie, a widow getting into yearc, who wore her protty white hair dressed high over a cushion, and looked like an old Marquise of the Fauberg, And there was Mr*. Weston-West, the moBt brilliant essayist of modern times, with the sharpest pen and the keenest wit and the mildest and sweetest manners in all London town ; aud there was Stewart L'Ertrange, the man who did eveiy-thing and did it well— who wrote plays and poems and books and songs, who painted pictures and composed waltzes, and was, in a word, the Admirable Crichton of the day. Well, in the rooms of such people as these Ethel Dennis natur&liy; met all the world and his wife, and although many passed her by as being neither exactly a bee or a butterfly, still a good many pleasant people intimated to her that they would like to know her better. ' Among others was a Mrs. Muravin, a widow of ample means and a large capacity for thoroughly enjoying all kinds of society, a woman who was never so happy as when she was arranging for a party in her own house or going to one in somebody e su'p. And Mr6. Maravin took an equal lancy to Ethel Dennif. *' Do you know,' she suid to her the second time she met her, ' it is not often I really take to new acquain tances. I am not a woman who goes to an evening party with her card-case in her hand and deals her visiting cards about like a round game. 1 always take iright at those people, always. But sometimes I take fancies, and I should greatly like to know you better. Won't you come and see me ?' 44 1 should like it very much,' said Ethel, feeling greatly pleased and a little flattered, for she had heard of Mrs. Maravin as one of the most popular hostesses in Londor. ' Then come and cee me the day niter to-morrow, in the afternoon,' said Mrs. Maravin, genially. 'I shall have a little good music cot the sort of thing you generally hear about, but Kelder, who plays the Violin divinely, and Madame de Vida, who needs no explanation. Won't you introduce your Lusbacd to me?' with a glance at Tie vor, who was standing close by. Ethel blushed a little. ' That is not my husband, Airs. Maravin, but a great friend of— of ours ; he and my husband wer* in the same regiment— and I have known him since I was a little child. Jack, let me introduce you to Mrs. Maravin.' Trevor moved towards them and bowed profoundly to Mrs. Maravin, who looked on him with kindly eyes, as most women did, and told him tbat the had been begging Mrs. Dennis to come and see her, and that she hoped tbat be would come also. 41 But' V hope your husband witt come too,' she wen on to Ethel, without giving Trevor opportunity to do more than bow his acknowledgment or her invitation. 44 Does he go about much ? ' *'Oh! yes— but not much in ths afternoon,'' Ethel answered. 'But he is not an invalid!'' Mrs. Maravin asked. ' 44 Oh, diar no— Oh ! no. Coemo is anything but an invalid, is he not ? ' sh9 answered appealing to in vor. 'Ohl very much «),' he replied promptly— 'at . least I iue-m that he ia very much anything but an invalid.' Mw. Maravin gavu a sigh of relief. '4 .ih ! that is a great comfort. In society nt.w-u-Jays, one has to be so very careful in even ineui oniii^ ub^nt husbands or wives. I always feel my way i.vost cmcluliy, and yet — yet 1 made a mistake 'with you jutt now, 'didn't ' A flight niistf-Ve,'* admitted Eih'l LIushina- again. Mre. Maravin Liugbcd. %4Ah! je.jjle ore uieelft about are very « eld — I daiesny mjiiu ui my ticquain tances think me us odd as 1 ihiLk oiln.r \ topic some times; Mill itis h lilt ;o tfy.ng when you «nu a woman an invitation mid you em er leave out her husband when they live together aiid cverj thing is all right between shem, or you jut him in and find tLat p!:i- isa v. iao», or that her hu*l-atid ami sho l.av*-».»'t ^r-ken. for over seven year*. 1 U.ink iei.jj]e r,ughr lobe labelled— tu w»ir u little badge — '51' Jr.r Uiariird und ail right, ' W ' for widow, ' h ' for fipj.arattd couples. 1 am sure it would Le fur less cunfuriug; aud inr less . awkward than it is now.' 4i 1 suppose it would,' said Ethel; '4 but, as yet, I have haro ly begun to at.k anyone. Slid 1 tope you will come, although 1 have no crowd of clever r.eopla to ait i act you.' 44 1 bhitil couio to see you,' said Mrs. Maravin kindly. ' By-the-bye, what part of the world do you live in':' '? Here — in The Fla's.' Ethel replied. 'Oh! really. Ah ! that is very nite. I live in Queen Anne's -iate — I like to have my friends within reasonable distance and, upon my word, I know to many people in The l-Jats tbat 1 could spend a whole day going from one Hour to another.' 41 Won't you come and pay me a little visit now K' Ethel asked.' ?' 1 should like it imnipneely,' Mrs. Maravin renlied. 4i Aro you up or down ':' ?? Oh ! down. We are quite in the dregs of socitty,' Kthcl tried laughing. ' Yes, 1 suppose the top people do pride thtni m-1vos on it,' Mrs. Maravin said— then looked at the watch on her wrist—4' a quarter past G — well, if you want me to come in for 10 minutes, will you take me now ;' 4- Of course I will,' Ethel replied, f o tbty then went down to the next floor wheie the Dei nhes lived; nut, however, without iuterrupiion, for * Judy ju*t entering the room was ariuequuinianceot Mrs. MaraviuV and stopped to sptuk to her. 4lAh! Madame,' the said, l4 how late -ou are. I am j usr running away.' 'How sorry I am,' replied the-, lacy. 44 I have been elsewhere this atteruuon. Town it quite busv, is it not i*1 : 'Oh! qui'e to. Are you coning to see me tn Thursday ?' '? Ye«.s' 41 Ah ! that is right. By-tbt-uy«?, let me ntroduce you to inj Jritnd, Mrs. Deuuib—Mrt. Dennis, Madume Wolerski.' The two ladies exchanged greetings, »md then Mrs. Marnvin declared that ehe must $;o; the was lute already. 44 G'ocd-bye. then,' said Madame Wolenski, smiling. ' Good-bye, Madame'— (ib Ethel; ' I hope we shall meet again.' i ' Many thanks- I hope so,' answered Ethel. 44 How exactly alike foreigners are,*' lemuiked Mrs. Maravin as they reached the door of the Dennises' flat — ' sn flowery and all that, don't youiinow.' 41 What is she- a Russian or a Pole!1 ' iahel asked. ' A Pole. I asked her if she was a Russian the other day, and she shuddered,' Mrs. Mamvjin replied. 'I'm sure I can't tell why they should make such a fus» about the distinction; really, you know, there is very ' little difference between them.' '4 But the little difference is all the i world to them,' cried Ethel. ' Judge, get us some tea at once, pleaie.' 44 Yea, mum,' answered Judge. \ ' Well, 1 never can uuderttHbd why there need be so much feeling in a slight differencu,v- Mrs. Waravrn declared. '' For instance, how any woman can be foolish enough to give up what some women givo up fur the sake of a man is beyond me t-- Bud out. I' know a woman now,'' she went on, 'who is or ha» been exceedingly hnnd?oa)e, but she is ticarly forty years old and as delicate hs is possible for a woiiian to1 be and live. She hud a husband who wuist.ifij.tid her ? worshipped her too well ; had a nnu hou-e. horses, carriage:*, and diamonds— well they »-re woitb call ng diamonds, L eau tell you. She uud a child, ti.o, and she has thru »n nway all — ail for a penniUv^ you b, tifleen years younger than herself. Oh ! wtat a foci ! — what a lool ! ' Trevor was the first of 1h« two to recover himself. 41 Yes, that woman was a fool, tin awj ul fool,' he suid, 41 and the man was a tconndrd.' 44 Oh ! Vela va nans dire,'11 cried Mrs. Maravin lightly. .Mrs. Maravin was fund of airinu a little French now and again. ' Well, well, 1 don't know that it is interesting or particularly edifying to discuss these tilly people. What pMty rooms you have here.' ? ' They are not actually ours,' Ethel explained, with a sigh of relief at the subject being thus changed. ' We did not find a suite vacant, except this, which was to be let furnished for a few months. But we like living here so much thit we shall secure the first good sized suite tbat falls vacant.' 'Ah! yes, 1 fee. That lady, Madame WolensRi. she lives here also. Rut I fancy Bhe has her own room* here. She seems a very nice creature. She had a letter of introduction to me from a dear friend of mine in Vienna.' ' And how pretty she is,' Ethel remarked. ?? \ es, she is; not, perhaps, pretty, as so striking looking, and so distinguished in manner. And all that ' pretty white faair ; that is what makes you call her pro:ty.' 'Perhaps; I thought it lovely.' 44 Yes, and I also.' Just then Judge came in with the tea. 'le the Major at home, Judge*' Mrs. Dennis asked. ?? He has just come in, mum,' Judge replied. 44 Ask him to come here, please.' 41 1 will, mum.' ; Accordingly, two minutes later, Major Dennis came in with bit- best manner, fo be introduced to Mrs. Maravin. And Mre. Aiaravin was so charmed by him that t-he whispered to Ethel, *4 My dear child, what a mistake of mine. I),* you know I had an idea, some how, that your husband was mut-ty— niuely. As it is he is quite cbanuin;-. quite '-harming 3' ' I am very glad you think so,' said Ethel, wonder ing whether Mrs. Maravin would tLink Cobmu Dennis quite chat ming if she was marrifd to him. ' Oa ! 1 do; 1 am t=o glad to have seen him. Major Dennis, your vife ba» faith ully promised to come over oa Thursday afternoon; uow/1 tope you will come too.'' 44 I'll do my best,' suid the M»|or in his most effusive manner. 4--lha '« not balf a bad port of moinar,' he re uiHjkol when Mrs. Maraviu had fairly g«ne: 4| but quite the ftjle of woman to take you in and do for you from the cradle to ihe grave.' If Trev--r could help it, he never laughed at a joke of Major Dt-nniis'i'. Ibut one, huwewr, *o exactly described the. iiidy who had taken |;- ^session --t EtheL that he oouli uot help goiug into a hearty fit of laughter. 44 Ah, you may lau.h— you may lnuah as raucb as you like,' critd the Major. *? Aud, l»y-the-byer young man, there's a letior for you at the club marked ' Most important.' I wanted to bring it ' round to yon, bavins caught a glimpse of it in the hvll-porter's-hand; but, though I told liitn you would i AQUATIC S— O LD AND N E W. L^^ ? ? -?„.. , ? ? ? ? A CHRISTMAS REVERIE— THE OLD HOME AND THE NEW, ? ? - . . . . ?. - . certainly be here, he didn't Bee it. Hadn't you tetter go round and get it ?' 'Oh, it's safe enough there,' said Trevor easily. ' Still you had far better fro ; it may be from the regiment. Or shall I send Judge round r' ' Not a bit of it, Major ; 1 wouldn't trouble you for the world. I'll go round presently, and see what it is. A money-lender wants to lend me money, I've no doubt.' He finished his tea and asked for another cup; ate two bits of buttered muffin, and presently sauntered off to tro to the club to find the important letter. 'Major Dennis tells me you have an important letter for me.' I e eaid to the hall -porter; 'you might quite safely have given it to him.' 'It is as much as my place is worth, Sir, to give up a letter to anyone but the owner,' the man replied. ?'It wouldn't do, Sir, it wouldn't indeed.' 'I daresay not — thanks,' and Trevor moved on, turning into the smoking-room, where be pul ed an easy- chair near to the tire and Eel tied himself comfort ably therein, before he broke the seal which secured the envelope. ' Now, let us see what it's all about,' he said to himself. Chapter XVIII.— HARD LINES. '?? Nothing to do In this world of ours ! Where weeds spring up with the fairest flowers ! Where smiles have only a fitful play ! And hearts are breaking every day '.' For a few minutes after Jack Trevor had read that letter he sat quite still trying to take in the sens©, thereof. In plain words it'nin thus, but just at first they seemed to convey no meaning to him : — ' VVe regret exceedingly that we have to inform you of the demise of our honoured client, Lord Kosstrevor, which occurred last evening between 10 and 11 o'clock. ' Since the death last month, without issue, of Lord Rosstrevor's only brother, the Hon. Hugh Trevor, his lordship had spoken to us of communicating with you, as he believed that you were the son of the late Bishop of Blankhampton, who, failing issue of the Hon. Hugh Trevor, was next heir to the title of Kostrevor, our late client never having married. His lordship was, however, in very bad health and at all times of a nervous and retiring disposition, and the definite orders to communicate with you were never given. 'If, as we surmise, you are the son of the late Edward Trevor, Bishop of Blankhampton, you are now Lord BoKstrevor of Rosstrevor, County Antrim, and of Trevor Hall, Norfolk. Will you be kind enough to communicate with us at once 'and inform us whether you will be present at the late lord's obsequies or not 1 ' Our late honoured client left full directions for his funeral, which we feel justified in assuming that you . will wish to be carried out to the letter. ' We are, sir, your most obedient, ♦'Kendle, Newings, and Co., ' Solicitors.' Jack Trevor went over it again and apain. '? ? If, as we Rurmi-e, you are the son of, the late Edward Trevor, Bishop of Blankhampton,' '? he read aloud, in a dettpe rate effort to get the right sense of the words into his mind, '* * vou are now Lord Rosstrevor of Uosstrevor, County Antrim, and Trevor Hall, Norfolk.' Why, then f must be Lord Rosstrevor — I — oh ! no, they can't mean that, it's impossible !' Then he read the letter over again. 'Yes, that's what they mean. ' You arc now Lord Rosstrevor.' 1 am Lord Rosstrevor. L— Jack Trevor. — I— I — never felt so idiotic in my life.' He got up from the big chair and went towards the window. ' Heist', Jack,' exclaimed a man sitting there with one or two other men. ' What's up P You're as white as chalk. Are you ill F I hope you haven't bad news in that letter?' Jack looked at the letter, and then at the questioner. 'News,' he replied. 'Yes — and it's knocked me over completely. ' Not money losses, I hope, old chap,' said the other, holding out a sympathetic hand to him. ' No, I suppose not. You can read it. I feel idiotic, as if I didn't know whether I was standing on my head or my heels. I wish one of you fellows would order me a brandy and soda.' There was a bell on the table, and. a man near to it struck it immediately. 'Bring Mr. Irevor a brandy and soda,' he said. Meantime, the man who was reading the letter — George Dalrymple— read to the end with many an ex clamation of surprise ; then he jumped up and thook Jack's hand heartily. ' My dear Trevor, or I must call you Rosstrevor very so*-n now, 1 congratulate you with all my heiirt. I bad no idea there was any probability of'pnyiliing of that kind happening.' ' Nor I. 1 never thought about it,' said Jack rather wilfully. ' 1 kjgeHt-.that.'lJ.bad name relutioue, but— — . Oil. well, 1 cjiu't tiiib abuutit jutil now. 1 feel dazed and half off my head. Ah ! thanks,' as the waiter brought him the refreshing stimulant. ' There. I begin to feel more like myself than I did. Thanks, Dalrymple, old chap, thanks.' He tore himself away from them all with the excuse that he must wire off a reply to the lawyers at oncp, and he went into the library and filled in a telegraph form. ' Yes, I am the only son of Edward Trevor, Bishop of Blankhampton. 1 will come to-morrow as early as possible. Carry out all the late Lord Kosstrevor's wishes to (he letter. John Trevor, loth Dragoons. Then when he had sent this off, he walked out of the dub and back to The Flats. He found Ethel wearing a loose white gown and alone. 'Well?' she said looking up. ' Where is the Major ? ' 'He's going out to dinner— he's dressing now. Why?' ' Do you know what has happened to me ? ' ' No. How should I know ? ' ' I am Lord Rosstrevor.' He was so excited, so utterly upset, that he blurted the news out without any idea of what its effect might be upon her. : ' You are Lord Rosstrevor— what do you mean ?'' ehe cried. :r. 'I don't mean anything. Oh! Ethel, Ethel, if we had only known, if your mother had only known, she .would have let you marry as you liked. But it's too late now, too late to be any good.' '. His face was quivering, although I do not mean to imply tbat he was near to tear?. Ethel, however, dropped back into her chair with a white face and shak ing in every limb. 'Oh, Jack,' she cried in a pite ous voice, 'it is hard. Oh! it is hard.' It was the first time (hat he had laid bare his heart to her t-ince the day when he had told her tbat when ever she wanted him he would be ready to throw up all the world for her. They had been the best and closest friends, he had been affectionate and tender with her, but he hhd never shown her the wild passion of love which always raged within his heart at the sight of her sweet eyes or the touch of her soft fingers. He gave her the letter to read. ' I can't hold it still,' she said, but she put it on her knee end re*d it through it silence; and before she got to the end of it, Major Dennis came in. ' Hollo, Trevor, so you're back ! Well, did you get your letter?' he asked. 'Yes, I did, Major.' He tried to tell him what had happened, bnt the word* fnjrly stuck in his throat, a d he turned awav to (he window. Ethel looked up, and, with an effort, she gathered h--r strength and her wits together und spoke. '* Something very wonderful has happened to Jack, Cosmo,' she said, and she wondered that he did not notice how strained und agitated her v- -ice wap. ?? H is uncle or oout-in is dead, and he is* Lord Kosi-trevornow.' '' Lird Roestrevor!' repeated the Major. ♦' Mv dear chap;, I'm very plad, very glad indi ed. What a ble6 inir your uncle or coubin' whichever it wap, did not go and marry and have a lot of small children to cut yon out, as mine did. And you're going down— wherever it is— of course.' 'Yes, I'm going to-morrow morning,' Jack replied. * ? ' Ab, I'm sorry I can't stop and dine with yon. 1 ?- would if I viipnV solemnly engaged eUewbf-re. How over, the wife will give you some dinner. I'm sure you must want to talk it all over with somebody.' ' We could dine down here, couldn't we r' Ethel asked. ' Upstair*, in the dimne- rooui, there is such a noise and -a.id— Jack is not dressed.' 'Oh, yes. have it here, by all means. Well, good bye, old fellow. See you again in a few days, I dare say?' He was gone before Jack could answer, shutting- the door after him with a crash. Mrs. Dennis rang the bell. ?' Jud}!e,' she said, when that personage appeared- - and Judge really w.-is a personage in that s:i-ull establishment, aye, and in the greater republic of The Flats as well, — ' Mr. Trevor'e going to dine with me. And we will have it down here.' ' Very good, Mum,' eaid the Judge, ' I'll attend to it.' They were very quiet that eveuing, and Judge waited on them with an imperturbable face, as if it wan quite a usual thing to conic into titles and to dmc with Mrs. Dennis alone while the Major was dining else where; for, of course, Mrs. Dennis had told Ziilo that Mr. Trevor was Lord Itosstrevnr bow, and equally, of course. Judge's blush rose tad tuld him. And at last they were left really alone. 'Shall you slay in the service, do jou think, Jack?' she asked. 'No; 1 shall get out of it as soon as I can,' he replied. ' You'll have a very different time now, of course ; you'll have lots of duties and new interests. I wonder if you are the last of the name.' *' I don't know, but I fancy so. I know really very little about my people. They cast off my grandfather, and neither my father nor I have fiver held communi cation with them till new. We've been steadily ignored always. So you see I know very little. My father never spoke of his people to me, excepting of his own father and mother. My grandmother used to tell me long yarns about the Trevors, but I never listened — it all went in at one ear and out at the other.' There was along silence — then Ethel spoke painfully and with a supreme effort. 'Jack,' she said gently — ' you will have to marry.' ' Never ' — he burst out — ' Unless — ' ' No— n» - not that. If you are the last, you cannot let an old name die out and— and — it will be your duty.' Her trembling lips could scarcely frame the last word, but his jealous ears caught it. 'Then,' hecried, ' let me tell you plainly from the beginning that if it be my duty a thousand times over, I have not the very smallest intention of doing that particular duty— not the very smallest. Good Heavens ! what worse will the world be a hundred years hence if there is no Lord RosBtrevor — if iheie is no Trevor faruilv ? Not the leist bit worse * probably the better if the general family stock is the tort that c Is its sons off for ever because they mnrry for the bestof all reasons. While it I marry h womun I loathe or at best uiu indillerent to. loving another man's wife with all my heart. I shall make a thoroughly bud husband — one couldn't make a good one, you kno*. if one elr like that — well, this world would be the worse lor what I hud done— mo&r; di«t.inctly the worse.'' ' But what sort of a wife must I make ? '' she asked in a pained tone. ' iou make a very good wife, far better than your husband ever deserves to have. Besides, you did not matry him with your eyes open knowing what ymi would feel— it is different. What is a cruel misfortune to you, would bean unforgiveable sin in me, a crime, because I shouldn't have the smallest shadow of un excuse. Why, if I married another woman now, I should never be ablo to lonk her in the face. No— no — for your sake, Ethel, becauso I believe in your goodness and your absolute purity, lam willing* aye and content, to go on living as I aui doing now — your friend, and nothing more. But I am not content to think of marrying another woman for the sake of a family which has never done anything for me until it couldn't help itself. It makes me furious to hear of my duty to my family — I have no duty to the Trevor?,1 excepting to John Trevor, of the Fifteenth Dragoons.' ' I did not mean to suggest anything that would hurt you. Jack,' she said, meekly— ?* you do believe tha% I don't you?' ' I He began to feel himself a positive brute to her. ' It would be well for me,' he said, ' if 1 were half as good and half as unselfish «s you are, dear. No. yoi needn't shake your head like that. Do vuu think I have forgotten how years ago, when we were the best of chums at blankhampton, you used to let me hare the best of everything and always made me feel 1 was doing you a favour by taking it ? You arc the same now as you were then.' ** I want to be the Rame,'' she cried ; ' but oh ! Jack, I feel so different, so different tbat. sometimes I look back uud wonder if 1 ever was tbat dear little happy child who ran about the jrnrdens' at the ('line and the Palaw) without a cure in Iho wide wor.d-!'' 'To me,' said he, tenderly,' 'you are and will always be just tbat same child. You will never grow old to me, Ethel ; never.' Well, at last he declared that he must be going ; he had a lot of letters to write, and he felt that he ought to run round to Lord Gascoipne'e, late as it was, and tell him the wonderful news. So about half- past 9 he tore himself away, and Ethel went with him to the head of the stairs, for like most men he disdained the use of the lift. And as they reached the head of the stairs, Madame Wolenski came up to them and greeted the two in her elaborate foreign manner. ' Ah — Madame, good evening ! Mr. Trevo, f am charmed to see yon. But, is anything the matter ? You look disturbed.' ' Mr. Trevor has had rather disturbing news,' said Ethel. 'Yes? I hope not very bad news,' she f aid in a sympathetic voice. ' No one in your family has died. I trust.'' 11 Well, yes, Madame, my second cousin, Lord Ross trevor, is dead ? ' 'Oh!— — ' broke in the lady, in a sad voice. ' But I have never seen him,' Trevor continued. ' Oh !' in a tone of compn-hension — ' but (he news has disturbed you, of course.' *' Well, yes — and I must be going. Good night, Madame; good niirht, Mrs. Dennis.' ??Good night,' Ethel replied; and then he ran quickly down the stairs, leaving her and her new acquaintance, Madame Wolenski standing on the landing together. Chapter XIX.— MADAME WOLENSKI. It is a treacherous peace that is purchased by indul gence. When Trevor had disappeared behind the curve of the staircase, Ethel Dennis turned to Madame Wolenski. *? Which floor are you on, Madame ?' ' On the floor above.' ' Oh, really— then you are like me. You don't like to be too high up.' ' I do not like to be very high up. They tell me the air is most pure at 12 storeya ; i pn-fer' to have a little worse air and not to hiive to climb eo hieh for it' S ' Of course therein the lift,' said Ethel, who wanted to be polite, but whose thoughts were with Trevor. ?? Yes, but I do not like the lift— at least I do not like the feeling that the place might pet on fare, and the lift would probably stop workiup, and— and we 1 should ell be frizzed a i've.' I ' Ah ! that would be dreadful,' cried Eihol, with a shudder, 'but do not let us stand here. Come and pay me a little visit, .Madame.' Madame Woleuski looked hesitatingly at her morn ing garments. '1 haw b^eu out — 1 am not drec.Mil — i have been vi*iting a pour woman who is tick,' j-he miid. ' But I atn alono ; my husband's dining out,' Mi 8. Dennis urged. ' Oh ! do come in junt for a few minutes. I will show you my dog.' ' I cannot resist that. Is* the dog a beautv'r' the lady asked. 'Oh! a beauty— a pure hull-dnc— come and see I him,' and then Ethel tutted round und led Ibc \my into her own domain, Madame Wolenski following her. ' Oh ! what a pretty flat, what a sweet room,' she cried. ' Ah ! it-is much larger than mine, and the decoraiions are lovely.' ' But we took it. furnished,' said Ethel. 'Yes- I think we weie very lucky.' ' Ah ! ir is such a chance when jou take a house in that way,' euid Madame Wolenski — ' I have not been so lucky ; but then 1 did not know that I should like living in an establishment of this sort, indeed I am not yet quite sure whether 1 do or not. But tell nip, Mrs. Dennis, where is the dog ?' *' I will bring him,'' and she went into the next room returning in a moment with the inn jestic Crummies be hind her. ' Oh ! he is quite a beauty — a love,' cried Madame Wolei ski enthusiastically — ' And his name ?' ' Crummies.' answered Ethel delighted to find her favourite so highly Jauied. *'K— chrummles— Why, what a name,' Madame cried. ' Crum-mles,' repeated Ethel, smiling. ' K-trbruiuniles,' said Madame axnin, but after spveral must valiant attempts, she had to give up the effort, for say ihe word properly, 6he simply could not. *? Hut he is quite a beautiful person— quite beautiful. Well ? ' to the dog, who was eyeing her in a most suspicious manner—:' are you not going to speak to me How do you do, Mr. K — chrummles ?' She held out her hand to him, and Crummies went n little nearer to her, and. began to sniff at her gown in ?» way that was anything but friendly. Madame, hopin to propitiate his majesty further, ventured to smoot down his feilken satin coat, but Crummies lifted h head and raised his upper lip in a voiceless snarl of sue venom tbat the lady made baste to put herself out - harm's way. ' He does not like me,' she said in alarm. ' Crummies— Crutnmless. You are dreadfully rude,' cried his majesty's mistress reprovingly. 'That was because you ventured to touch him before he had made up his mind whether you were to be trusted or not.' ' What a dreadful creature ! Do you always have him about. Does he ever fly at any' one ?' ' No — he would.if I told him to do it. He would fly at your throat this instant at a single word from me,' Ethel answered— ' but he is very good- tempered really. He has always disliked my husband very much, but he has never done more than treat him to that voice less snarl. Oh ! no, really — when you once get to know him and ho to like you, Crummies is the dearest fellow in all the world.' - ' And your husband — does he like him ?' ' Not much— he puts up with him because I have alwayn hud him. By-the-bye — are you going to Mrs. Maravin's to-morrow r' ' Yes — 1 think t-o.' 'Shall we go together ?' ' Oh ! I should like to very much. But your husband, does he like going three anywhere?' ' fi« is not going — he never goes to afternoons ; in fact, he scarcely ever goes out with me. He always dec'ares that he is not a society men in any way. We might go for a. drive before we go to Mrs. Maravin's.' ' I shall be delighted,' said Madame with evident pleasure. '* You ai,e most kind to think of it. And now 1 must le jroing up to my own apartments, so 1 will wish you a {rood night.' She rose from her chair and Crummies expressed the voiceless snarl which had so disturbed the lady before. However, sho did not seem much frightened and stopped before (he chimney shelf. *'ls that your husband, Mrs. Dennis?' she asked, pointing to a photograph in a silver frame. ' Yes — it is a . very good portrait of him,' Ethel replied. 'And that is Mr. Trevor?' the other went on, looking at a, large photograph of that young gentleman which filled a similar frame and occupied the other end of the «helf. ' Yes.' ' What a nice face he has. I think him charming. Is he a relation of yours r' ' Oh ! no, not any relation, but my very oldest fiiend,' Ethel replied.'. ' We were children together little children together.' ' And you are friends during all these years ? How Btrange ! Well, you will bring Mr. Trevor to see me one day, won't vou?' 'I will, with pleasure,' Ethel replied. 'But, madiiine, ho is not Mr. Trevor now; he is Lord Ross trevor since his cousin^ied.' ' So,' crii d the otier in astonishment ; ' then tbat whr why he looked so disturbed this evening ? Ah ! and well h» mifrht- will he might. Well, will you bi-ng Lord Rosstrevor then one day ? 1 thought him cbaiminir.' ' I'm so tflnd.' Ethel cried, with a gush of feeling as she took Madunic Wolenslci's firm, outstretched band. 'Good ni^hr, -rood night.' But the iittlo kIow' of pleasure soon died away when she was once more left* alone. She sat down in a chair before the fire,and Crummies made himself a bed on the skirt of her go,wn, and then her thoughts flew buck to the wonderful news which the day had brought. Aye. and thny flew back, further than that, back to the old days of her childhood when she and Jack Trevor had been, all the world to one another, when the dark shadow of her mother's great ideas had not yet come between them. Ihen to the first trouble of her life; when Mrs. Mordaunt had resolutely put a stop to her correspondence with her old playfellow, the wretched day — and what is to unutt.rably wretched as the impotent stand of a child ogainst the powers that be ?— when she bad left Jack's birthday, unnoticed, his birthday, or the feast of good St. Valentine, or one of those tender festivals to which young folk attach so much importance. And then licr thoughts wandered to the later days, when Major Dennis had first crossed her path ; when her mother had found, out that he was rich, and that he stood next to Ibe Frothinghum title; tho day that he proposed, and she had not dared to say no, because he had come urmel with her mother's consent ; thedavs later still when her marriage was coming very near, and she had the sort of feeling that she couldn't go through with a ceremony which to her was but a ' mockery ; when sho had been weak and yielding, when— when— Oh! Bbe could hardly bear to think of it now-nhe had been week enough out of shcpr weakness and cowardice to let her mother, for ambition's sake purely, mould her life in a wrong shape, ruin her happiness, and break her whole heart and. spirit. What a fool she bad been, and oh ! how bitter, ali bitter, her thoughts were then. Why, if she had held out firmly and obstinately and had positively refused to niarrv Major Dennis, what could her mother have done ? She could have given her an uncommonly bad time, she could bave debarrd her -from, any pleasures, she might even have shut her up on bread and w ater, and have beaten her, though that course was not in the least probable. But even supposing the very worst had happened, if only she had held out firmly, it would bave been all over now, tor *be knew that her mother would sever have wished her to merry Major Dennis after old Lord Frothin^ham was married again. Aud now Jack, without ever having spoken of tho snbject in his life, without the least fuss or worry of expectation, had quietly become Lord RoHstrcvor, and — will, she pive a great sigh, and eaid aloud that it was hard to hi-ar. ' 1 will write and lell my mother,' ►he said presently. ''The Kroner she realise* what a huge mistake bhe has made the hotter.' fco die sat down to her writing-table and wrote a lell-r to Mrs. Mordimnt. ' Ymi will remember Jack Trevor, the Bishop's 8:in.' -li«* caid. ' He o.uuie in to-day to tell me the greai news— fjii' j»rent vhnnpr. wliii-h has come into bin Jiff. Ho i* now Lord Unsftrevor, of R' sstievor. County Antrim, und Trevor Hall, Norfolk, through the death of his second cousin. Lord Rotstrevor, who died yester day. I don't think I told you that he was in the 16th when we joined, and is one of my greate&t; friends. He thinks of leaving the service now.' Shu felt better when the had added a little genera news and had piven the letter to Judge tr- post ; ye* after all, there is but poor satisfaction in slinging some' one who has managed to ruin your whole life for you* And just as *he was beginning to think again — and just then, poor trirl, thinking was synonymous with being wretchi (1 — Major Dennis returned. He was wry full of what he called ' Trevor's luck,' and could hardly talk about anything else. And Ethel, who did not want to think too much about tho impossible that night, tried to change the subject by telling him of the charming woman she had met that day. ' ' Oh ! Cos-mo,' she said, ' Mrs. Maravin introduced me to such a like woman to-duy, who lives in 'ihe Hat, just above us, in fact ; ehe is a Pole, a Madame Woleuski.' ' Oh ! ' suspiciously — 'a Pole, are you sure? ' ' No, for I did not ask her nor did she say anything about her nationality. But Mrs. Maravin said so, and that she had brought her a letter of introduction lrom one of her dearest friends in Vienna.' Major Dennis Blood looking thought) ully inio the fire for a minute or two. ?? Look here, tlhol,' ho t-nii, ' I don't mind wbut ynu do in a general way, as -ou very well know, but I don't like your picking up lorcigu women in this oil- hand ent of fashion, became— nh ! —well, because she may even be a friend of Valurie's.' ' And I've promised to drive with her to-morrow. That is take her for a drive and then to go to Mtb. Maravin's,' cried Ethel in dismay. 'Oh! well, that doesn't matter; but don't get into a way of lutning in and out of her roums. Vou see, foreigners get mixed up one with another; and— and — it'u safer not to, don't you know.' ' Very well. 1 wi«h I'd thought of it before. I never did or 1 shouldn't have asked her. of course,' said Mrs. Dennis, whose experience of Mademoiselle Valerie had been quite disagreeable enough to make her wiBh to be very careful leBt she should betray their whereabouts. The following day, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, Madame Wolenski 'arrived, and was shown into the drawing-room. ' Am I too early r' she asked. ' Not at all. I have only to put on my hat and coat. I fihiill not be a minute. You will excuse me, won't you ?' She went off to get ready, and passing the half-open door of the small study or smoking-room, saw Major Dennis reading a newspaper. ' Oh ! Cosmo, Madauie Woleneki is here. You'll come and see her won't you ':' bhe said. 'Not for the world,' he answered hurriedly. ''I dou't like foreigners— never did. My time to meet her will come soon enough. Pray don't let her come in lierr, pray don't.' ?' Very well,' she answered, and went away, feeling tlmt really he allowed his prejudices or his fears to carry him too far. However, bh and Madame Wolenski went down the stairs together, und got inio ihe victoria which was waiting in the courtyard. They hud driven some little distance through the mild, moist winter air when some tsudden instinct made Etbel turn to her companion and ask her a question so abruptly that, even to her own ears, her voice seemed to have a threatening ring and to carry a sort of challenge with it. ' By the bye,' she said, ' did you ever know a womun called Valerie?' Madame Wolenski turned her head towards her, but with such an indifferent air tbat Ktbel was convinced in a moment that she had never heard of Valerie in all her life before. 'Valerie,' febe repealed : 'No, I dou't think so. Is she a milliner or a dressmaker ? ' ' Neither.' Mre. Dennis replied. ' I believe she is— a— a ludy.1' 'Oh! a lady! I see. What of her: Is she re markable in any way? What is her other name — her surname r ' ' It is Valeric; that is her surname,' said Ethel. Madame Wolenski looked surprised. ' Really,' she said. 'Ah ! that is very odd. I never heard of such a surname before — except, as I say, for a milliner or a dressmaker. No, 1 do not know' her. 1 never even hoard of her.' ' 1 thought you might know her, or know of her,' said Mrs. Dennis, wtui, having got the information she wanted, did not wish to continue the subject fur ther. ' She is not a friend of mine, or anything of that kind.' ' I understand. I do not know her,' answered Madame, indirlerently, 'nor am I very likely to meet her. All my friends here are English, or nearly all. And they are not any of them likely to know anyone with such an exceedingly odd Burnatne as Valerie socially.''1: And tithel Dennis cnught herself wishing that she had snid nothing about her husband's mysterious ac quaintance. Chavteu XX.— MURDER. Too sudden and great changes, though for the better, arc not easily borne. When Trevor went away from The Flats that evening, he jumped into a cab and drove straight round to his uncle's house in Giosvenor-square. Lord Gasroigne was at home, but had company at dinner, and being rather a large party they hud not yet left the table. '* 1 must see Lord Gascoigne to-night,' Trevor said. ' Is my grandmother dining here r' ' Not this evening, sir. Her ladyship was to have dined hero, but sent her excuses this morning, not lceling very well,' the servant replied. ' Well, I'll go into the library, and when Lord Gascoigne leaves the table ask him to come to me for five minutes.' ' Very good, sir. I will tell his lordship as soon as the ladies leave the dining-room.' So Trevor went to the library and made use of his time by writing a couple of letters before the door opened and Lord Gascoigne appeared. ' My dear Jack, I hope nothing is wrong,' he began in an alarmed voice. ** My dear uncle,' cried Jack, jumping up. ' I have come for your congratulations. Lord Rosstrevor died last night, and I succeed him.' ' My dear lad, my dear lad ! ' was all that Lord Gascoigne could gasp in his surprise. ' So you are Lord Rosstrevor. My dear lad, I can't eay enough to tell you how glad lam.' ' Thank you. Now. I must go; I only wanted you to know it as Boon as possible. 1 am poing down to Norfolk in thp morning, and I've a dozen things to do ' before I leave.' ' And my mother ?' ' I'm going round there now ; yes, she must know it at once,' irevor said. 'Dear granny, how delighted ehe will be. Barker tells me she is ill though.' ' No. not ill ; a touch of sore throat, and she thought it safer not to come to-night, that wub all.' ' I hen I'll j-'o round there now. Good-nigbr. Please nmke my apologies to your friends for taking you away.' ' Oh.yes ; they're amusing themselves well enough,1' said Lord Gascoigne easily. Then Jack went out to his cab and directed the man to drive round to Brook-street, where his grand mother lived. 'My lady is not very well. I am not sure if you can sec her to-night, sir,' said Lady Guisooigne's man. 'Oh ! --s — you tell Ludy Gascoigne that 1 want to see her lor 10 minutes on moist important ' business,' ?mill Jack, seeiu^ tbat the man was a (stranger. ' Say Mr. Trevor.' ?? Very good, sir.' He showed him into the library, and in less than two minute.* came down again. ' 1 beg- your pardon, Mr. 1 d:d not. know you. My lady will sue you if you will come up.' So Jack Jollowed the servant upstairs and was taken to the drawing-room where his grandmother with a voluminous white lace 6ha\vl covering her head and shoulders was Fitting near the lire. ?* My dear boy,' she cried, ' I'm so delighted to see * you. But what is your news — nothing wrong with you, I hope ? What is it ?' ?? Granny,' said he, takine both her hands in his, ' something very, wonderful has happened to me.' ' Yes, I know— you are going to be married, and you .have come to tell me about it.' - ' No, Miear, you are all wrong. I don't know that that would be anything so verv wonderful: It is much more surprising than that — I am not Jack Trevor now.' - i 'No?'. A suspicion of the truth began to dawn upon her. ' But tell me, my dear; don't 'break' it tome.' 44 I am Lord Rosstrevor,' said Jack bluntly. Lady Gascoiene_ uttered a little scream. ' Jack, my bov, my own dear boy T Why, how was it none of us noticed that you were next to the title ? What have we been about ??' 44 I have been about nothing — I never troubled my head aboiitit,* one way or'the other. ' When did Hugh T-revor die ? ' ?' Only a few weeks ago.' . ' And Lord RoRstrevor ? ' , ' Died last night at Trevor Hall. I am going down there in the moraine.' 44 I see.' she said. She sat for some minutes gently stroktner his hand between her own, then she broke out — ' Oh ! if my dear Connie .had lived to see this day — my dear girl, how overjoyed she would have been. Not that Connie ever cared for honours of that kifd, she was far too unworldly for that. But it would h'tve been a delicht to her, and have so to speak justified her Jove for your father. You don't know, out 1 remember how Margaret gave herself airs to Connie, and, although Connie never said a word, it must have b^en hard to bear. However, I've no doubt Marearet will be very civil to you now. only-I do wish my darling had lived to t=ee this day. \nu have been to'Grosvennr- square?' she a*ked in a different voice. 44 Tes. 1' thought you would be there; you told me you wpre to dine there to-nieht— so 1 went there first.' ' But you saw your uncle ?' ' Oh, res —I only stayed a minute or two because of the dinner-party. He was tremendously pleased about it.' ' Of course— of course.' Jack stayed nearly an hour with the old lady and talked over the situation with her from ever? possible standpoint. He really knew very little of the family of which he was now the bead, only that there were two estates, one in Ireland and one in Norfolk. Lady Gascnigne. howev. r, wan a woman blessed with' a marvellous memory and she set herself at once to think . out all that she had ever heard in connection with the Trevor family. ' They are certainly rich — ye?, it is a rich house. You see Lord Ropstrevor had lived the life of a recluse for so many years, that people bai almost fonrotten that he had existed. But I know Lady George A'Court told me some years ago that she had stayed at Trevor Hall as a young girl, and that it was a very fine place. But, of course, you will see all that to morrow. You will \rt me have all the news as soon as possible, won't you ?' '? Yes, grtnny dear, of course I will,' he answered, then got up, declaring that he must be off, it was get ing dreadfully late, and that he had disturbed her quite enough for one night already without keeping her out of bed till the munll hours. ' My dear boy,' cried Lady Gascoigne, ' I shall not sleep at all. 1 shall not even go to bed for hours, and I daresay your uncle will come to see me when his guests have gone. But do you go, dear; you must ' have a great deal to do, and you will have the satisfac ? tion of knowing that you made the old granny very happy bv bringing her the news' as eoon as you had it. Next, I suppoBP, y.of£ will be bringing me news of a mistress f«-r Rosstrevor.' 1 -* Dear Granny, I'm afraid not,' he said, shaking his head. / ?. She recognised the sad ring in ? his voice. ' Jack, my bov,' she said gently, ' I'm Jaf raid something has gone wrong with you in that wav.' ; -? .' In a measure, yes, granny,' he answered, ' but perhaps it will ; come right after all. i We can never tell. Only I'd rather nqt talk about lit, if you don't mind.' '? 44 No, no, I didn't wanf to worry about it, dear. But tell' me, Jack, have vou a clear idea ot how vou come to be faext, to this/ title?' 44 Not-very. \I think it is like this' — and he went to a writing table and quickly sketched out the best family- .' tree that his limited information on the subject would '*? allow. Lord Kosstrevor. -' ? I ! — ' m j' Edward Mary. George — ? Edward I I | ? .. .. ?- i... !? ? ? Arabella William Georpe Hugh ? John 44 I believe it was like this, granny. My grand father was Georee. who was cut off. His eldest brother was Edward, and Edward had three children, Arabella, William, and George Hugh. George Hugh died last year without children, and William, the Lord liosstrever whe died yesterday, was never married. And now I must be off dear. 44 Uood night.' She kissed him tenderly, and he went away, and in less than half an hour was in bed and asleep. He slept like a child or a ton and woke in the morning in fair time, gave his man directions to pack his things in time for- the train leaving Liverpool-street at noon, and in due course he arrived at the station for Trevor flail and ' found a servant in livery awaiting him on the platform, and a close carriage with a pair of very good horses— standing j net outside the station. The footman came up to him. ' Lord Rosstrevor V ' -. he inquired, touching his hat. ; ' I am Mr. Trevor— yes,' Jack ; answered, feeling a ' repugnance to be using his dead kinsman's name while he was yet unburied. - The servant took his cue 'from | his new master. . ? ' The carriage is this way, sir,' he - said, so Jack fol i lowed him and got into the comfortable brougham. ' How is Vickers going ? ' he ;asked! ? ' is it far to the Hall?' 'About three milea, sir,' , the servant answered. 'We can manage very well outside/' ' ' Very/well.' And then the men shut the door, and in less than two minutes they started for the home of ' his ancestors, at least for one of the halls of his an -esters. ' - It seemed a long drive, but when the? passed ' through a pleasant little village. Jack knew that they mutt r-e coming very near to the ball. Then they got out into thecountrv road again, and, after going about a quarter of a mile, turned' in the right and went thr »ugh wide iron gdteB and'pust a picturesque lodge, where a tidy woman stood : curtseying ?? her welcome to ? the new 'ord. fie did not like to look out too eagerly, but without dnine that he saw that be was pasting under an avenue of magnificent oiks, and then the ? corner of a pile of buildings came in sight, and tbey swept under a huge porti«oand came to a standstill. '? ' : Jack Trevor always- telt mfterwards that it was a blessed thing fo^ him that-he had i been accustomed to big houses all his life: for assuredly bad he not been' so, the palatial splendour ot Trevor V Hall would have been enough to take his. breath awyiy-' It was all so big. so stately, with all the 'dignity of 'oak and armour and stained glass. The hall was {.like a great banqueting mom. the staircase a picture* gallery, at d you might have driven a coach nnd six up it with ease and have turned it on the great landing above, or,' at least, so the people who knew the place were in the habit of saving. Then there were drawing-rooms and boudoirs galore, find ppvpr«l ftonsprypTfr?0' npaning mini n\it nf another _ atd into the hou°e at various points : and the stables were many and filled with capital cattle, although the late lord had not ridden for many a year, and seldom, if ' ever, 'drove more than a mife or two in the eunniert hour ' of the day. Jack refused to have lunch, but said that he would like to go to his room, and forthwith they took him up to a large and handsome bedroom, which' he fancied ' ?would' be pleasant enough when he Baw it with the blinds up. And after this he had plenty of work to do —to hear all the lawyers had to say ; to have interviews with the fcfeward and ' all the principal neighbours; then the ordeal of the funeral, during which 'he felt that he was not only the observed of all observers, but also that the impresbion people, his future neighbours, received of him that day would greatly influence them for or against him during- his whole life. -Then he1 had to write a long letter every day to Ethel Dennis, and a letter or two to his grand mother. So a whole week went by. The king was dead, the new king lived ; long live the king ! He began to get used to being called by his new name, he began to get used to being the lord of all this grandeur and wealth; and after a week of it he felt as if ho would like to go up to town for a day or two', and make his arrangements for leaving the Service. And on the way up to London, as he passed through Ipswich, he heard the .news boys crying the evening papers: 44 livening bews— Star— Globe— 'Orrid murder of an officer in The Flats.' Chapter XXL-^I'M AFRAID OF MYSELF. He who knows nothing knows enough if he knows when to be silent. Unfortunately for his peace of mind, Lord Ross trevnr was not able to get a paper at Ipswich. When ho heard th-? newsboys calling, 4' 'Orrid murder of ah officer in The Flat-'.' he thrust his head out of the, window and shouted to one of them to bring him a paper. But the boy nearest to him was kept waiting by a deliberate old lady whose fingers were apparently ail thumbs and her mind somewhat of a blank, who, having bought a Lady's Pictorial, succeeded with more or less waste of time and many ejaculations to extract five pennies from various receptacles ahout her ample person. 4 4 Dear — dear - I'm sure I' ve got another penny somewhere,' she panted. 4- Haven't you a sixpence or a shilling, mum ? ' asked the bov, who had signalled to our friend that he had heard his summons and would come to him as Boon as he could. 41 Dear me, yes ; I think I have,' cried the old lady in the tone of one to whom a startling new idea had just come : and then she fumbled for her purse again, and with nervous fingers managed to get the sixpence out and to take back the coppers just as the train began to move forward. . The newsboy made a gallant run for it ; but what is the speed of a pair of half-grown human legs against the superior spped of a Rteani-engine ? I need hardly say that the engine won- the *ace and went majestically on, bearing with h-r an angry man with the biggest ot bis D —s on his lips and leaving a breathless newRboy who. when the power of speech returned, gave vent to ' his injured feelings by a string of sarcastic remarks ( about ' old cats that can't count being let out by their selves.' But our poor friend had to endure his suspense as best he could and get on to Colihester without being able to gpt a paper. And when at last he did succeed in getting one. his hands were trembling so that he could not hold the paper i-till enough to see the letters. He wa-* alone in the carriage, and he stamped his foot hard on the floor in anger at his own weakness, and at last he managed to take in the details of the news which the boys were crying, 4'Orrid murder of an officer in The Flats !' Yen. it was ju«t what he had feared— Major Dennis had been found just outside the entrance to his own suite nf rooms, stone dead, with a knife sticking in his body ! I hardly know how to describe the rest of Lord Rosstrevor's journey to town that winter evening ! He felt confused, stunned, appalled by the news— he asked himself over and over again whether it was possible that it could be true, that the man from whom he had parted only a few daye before in the fulness of health and strength could be lying now dead and «old done to death bv tb. ? hand of an assassin who had stabbed him from behind ? ?' He had never liked Major Dennis; he had despised jhim,froni the.firi«t moment that he had set eyes' upon him; he had been filled with a fierce and deadly hatred and loathing of him when he had seen the marks of hifi brutal fingers upon Ethel's little delicate wrist. At all time* he had stood an impassable barrier between him and the -woman he loved, and now he was gone, ;gone, and Kthel 'was a widow and free ns air to go * 'where she liked, and to rnsrry whom she chose ! But it -.. .was dreadful, dreadful, dreadful; and Lord Rcstrevor found himself shivering at the picture of the awful tragedy which the newspaper paragraphs called up before him. ? ? ... It is not a very long journey from Colchester to London, and when Rpsstrevor got to Liverpoil-street he sent off Vickers to his rooms with his luggage, and himself went to The Flats as fast as the first Circle train he could get into would take him. He ' found everything at the hugo pile of buildings where the murder had taken place looking very much as usual, though there were a couple of policemen stand ing at the entrance, and the two or three men who were always to be seen about the hall, looked scared and troubled. One of them— the office-clerk— looked up at him when he entered and seemed a little surprised. 44 You've had a dreadful piece of business here,' *aid Rosstrevor. addressing himself to him. ' Oh ! horrible sir, horrib'e,' he answered. 'Is — I suppose I can see Mrs. Dennis f' 'I don't know, sir, at all. You were an intimate friend of the family, 8ir ?' 44 Oh ! yes, very intimate. But I've been down the country. I only heard of it; when I got the papers halfway to town,' Rosstrevor answered. 41 You don't -know how Mrs. Dennis is, I suppose.' 44 Oh, poor lady, they say she hasn't spoken a word hardly since,' the clerk replied, ' and no wonder.' 41 Who did it? Have they got aclue yet?' 'I can't. say; the police are very close about it. They set a watcfi on the house and they asked a great many questions of everyone they came across, but ,they've let slip nothing at all themselves.' ''Have you had anyone that was at all likely ? ? ' ' Not a bit of it,' answered the clerk promptly ; 14 it was a very bad night, pouring with rain, and. we had very few people indeed, and Major Dennis went out in his evening clothes about half-past 7, and we never saw or heard sisn of anything: wrong until one of tbe servant*- found him at G o'clock this morning!.'' ?' But what time did he come in ?'* 44 Oh, not late ; a little after 12. I was here and saw him come through ; he spoke to me, in fact, and said I needn't, bother about the lift, he would walk up; he often did walk up-ras often as not.' . 44 H'm, verv Btrange. And you think he was mur dered only a few minutes after that ?' 44 Yes. I should think so ; the doctors said he'd been dead for hours when they got here a bit before ,7.' .-..?. Lord Rosstrevor shivered. ' I never heard of any thing so horrible in all my life.' he said. 'Well,' I will go up and mike inquiries for Mra. Dennis.' The clerk, who had given him so much information, and the man in charge of the lift made no objection, and a few moments later he was softly knocking at the door of the Dennises suite of rooms. Judge opened tbe door, stepping back and miking way for the visitor to enter, when he pa* who that visitor wan. 44 Com' in. sir,' he said eagerly ; *' I think the mis tress »H be elad to' see you. This way, Sir.' 44 Dreadful business, Judge,' eaid Rosstrevor in an undertone. , ''Orrible, Bir, 'orrible,' answered Judge scarce above a whisper ; ' and the worst of it all was to think that him and the mistress parted in anger and that he should be stabbed in the back while we was sleeping in 'here all of us, 4s Innocent as Rabies. ' . ,' . Rossirevor -turned sharply, back staring at Judge'^_ impassive face. ?? Farted in anger, Judge ; why, what do you mean ? ' '.-* '. Just what I say,tsir. The Major and Mts. Dennis had ''aid words yesterday evening and the Major went out in a rage, hangup the door lit to break all the glasB in it to shivers. Not that I've. mentioned the fact, sir,'* to anyone else, nor mean to; them police,' with a' fiwwifag look, 'aft such' fools, there's* no 'knowings . ; ? ? ' 1 i V ? what they might take into. 'their wooden 'eads if we was only to give 'em a chance. As it is, -they'll never find anything out at all, never, not ja blessed thing,' 41 And Mrs. Dennis— she-^i-?' 44 Took it terrible bad, sir, and enough to make her,' replied Judge sympathetically. 'The Major was aggravating at times, there's no denying it. I was with him as batman for many a long year before ever he thought of marrring Miss Mordaunt or anyone else, and when he exchanged to the Fifteenth, he' got me exchanged too ; and then he bought me out as I dare say you -know, sir. He's dead and gone now, poor gentleman, and what's worse, he's gone in a 'urried way and with no kind of preparation either for 'isself or for them as was nearest to him; but he wasn't the 'usband he might have been to a young thing like she was, and - many'8 the 'ard word he flung at her, and inany's the time he's been fit to murder her as she stood ; but, all ' the same, aggravation and tryingness is one thing and murder is another, so it's no wonder the young mistress is upset as she i«, to 6ay nothing at all of ? ' ' ? 'Judge,' said a voice' at that moment. ' Yes, mum,' said Judge, with u jump. 'Now, where the devil have 1 heard that voice before ?' said Rosstrevor to himself. 11 Mr. Trevor, mum — to see the mistress,' he heard ? Judge say. ^ 44 / will see Mr. Trevor,' said the voice, and then. Rosstrevor found himself in the presence of a middle aged lady, and memory suddenly supplied him with' a name to fit tbe voice — it was 'Ethel's mother, Mrs. Mordaunt. She met him with a subdued smile and a white hand outstretched, ...... '? How do you do, Mr. Trevor— or 1 should say Lord Rosstrevor now, should I not ?' 41 1 am quite well thank you, Mrs. Mordaunt,' replied Jack, just touching her hand, but returning neither tbe pressure nor the smile. 44 You came to inquire for my daughter — ' Mrs. Mordaunt besran, when !Rosstrevor interrupted her. 44 1 came to see her,' he said bluntly; he had no in tention whatever of letting Mrs. Mordauut become a go-between with Ethel and himself. ?4 Ah ! yes. naturally. But I don't think Ethel will be equal to seeing you ; she is terribly upset by this dreadful affair; she has seen nobody at all; andsba has scarcely spoken to me since I came, which 1 did immediately upon receiving her telegram.' 'Then she wired to you?' remarked Rosstrevor, wondering why she had not also at once apprised him of what had taken place. 4- She telegraphed to me, yes,' Mrs. Mordaunt re plied— 'and 1 set off without an instant'B delay, in fact leaving my maid to bring my things after me. I found ber in a dreadful state, wildly excited and ill with grief — indeed 1 had no idea that Ethel was so devoted to the poor Major, who, between ourselves, my dear Lord Rpsstrevor, was the last man in the world likely to take a young girl's fancy.' It was on the tip of Rosstrevor's tongue to say that Major Dennis never had taken Ethel's fancy, and that' however excised and ill she might be now it was cer ta-nly not with grief. However he managed to stop himself in time and also to reply to Mrs. Mordaunt in a fairlycivil manner. 41 Ethel is naturally very much upset,' he said coldly, ' anyone in her position would be so. But will you let her know that I am here, Mrs.. Mordaunt, please ?' 41 1 re»lly don't think that Ethel ? ,' Mrs.' Mor daunt began, when Jack calmly went on. 14 1 think she will like to see. me,' he said quietly. ' At all events it can do no harm to let her know that I am here. You see I have been so very intimate with them since they first came to my regiment. If -Ethel* does not feel equal to seeing me, she will not hesitate to pity so, I am sure. You won't mind my ringing! for Judge, will you ? Thanks, so many.' He rang the bell before the lady could do or Ray any- . thing to riop him, and he eat; down again with a polite . expression of thanks such as made Mrs Mordaunt realise, all at once, that she had at last met a man who was not the least afraid ol her, and who meant to go his way and not hers in spite of everything she could or would do to prevent it. ? ? , Then the door opened, and the stolid Judere. appeared , on the threshold. ** Oh ! Judge,' caidhJark, before . Mrs. Mordaunt could speak. ' will you letyour mistress ' know that I am here', and ask if she feels 'equal to see ingmn?' ,,.. -,, , - 41 The mistress .knows that you are here, my .lord,' :.: answered Judge solemnly, ' and she would like. to see you if you will step into the boodore.' ' I wjll. Then shall I say good-bve to you, Mrs. Mordaunt, in case I do notsee you again ?' turning to the lady.' ' ? . . 'Oh! certainly. Good- night, Lord Rosstrevor,' she :8aid, with some asperity. Mrs. Mordaunt did not like^any man, woman, or child to get tbe best of her,, and could not help showing it a little in ber manner. Rosstrevor, however, without seeming to notice it, just touched her hand with his and followed Judge out of the room to the boudoir, where Ethel was await ing him. She waB standing up by the fireplace— a tall figure in white, with a face as colourless as her gown, and with dark rings round her eyeB — such mournful eyes. He hastened towards her, and took her cold and nerveless hands in his. 11 My poor little girl,' he murmured. ' Oh ! my poor little girl. What a terrible thing for you.' She turned her, sad eyes upon him. 'Jack, is it you ? Is it really you ? Is 'it true, or is it only a dream ?' 44 True enough, my poor darling,' .he answered. ' I went to bed early last night, because I was so tired of being alone. And we had quarrelled, he and I — at least he did— he was angry, because — well, because I was dull and I wanted him to take me to a theatre. I told him that I didn't very often ask him to. take me ' anywhere, and be said no, that 1 never a«ked him , except when you were not at hand to go instead of him, '. and then he said that he was going to a theatre with someone who was always glad of his company, arid he . went away in a rage— such a rage, Jack— but you ^ know. And, Jack, I never saw him again till -till — *, Oh ! it is too horrible, too horrible ! ' '? She shuddered violently, and her ' face, was so ghastly white that she seemed as if she would fall at every moment. Jack took her hands again in his strong warm gtasp, and held them fast. ' My poor darling,' be murmured soothingly, 'you must. try not to think about that— you must 'indeed. 'Poor Dennis wasn't always himself— and, ot course, neither he nor you had any idea of what was going to happen. Pray don't think about .that more than i you can help, ? dear, remember how often before he said things that': he did not really mean or was sorry for afterwards.' 41 Yes— but— but I was so angry,' she answered wretchedly, -( so angry I' could not speak. Ajll I could . think was that you were coming back — you were coming ,' to-day, and that — that — Oh! Jack, Jack, j I am so wretched, so wretched now.' ? . .. {' It wiU all pass by —it will wear .off in jime,' he told her in soothing tones. MI had no cause to love him, poor chap, but I give you my word, jEthel, 1 would pive everything 1 am worth at this moment if it would bring him back apain alive and 'well/' She looked round fearfully as if she was afraid of4' the sound of her own voice... ' Jack,'7/ ehe^aid.'in a ? whisper, or what was scarcely above a whimper, 'if '1 ?„' could only feel like that, too, but.,1; tcan't.l can't. ? That's why I'm so wretched— I'm afraid of myself.' In spite of the gravity of. the situation, land that . dreadful something lying in the next room, J-vCk'a1mflBt laughed, but he choked down the desire and drew her very near to him. ?' Dear childA'^ he_ said, tenderly, *'? try not to let yourself get thinking such things as these. Remem ber, rather, too'w gooafyou were ifo^him, and how often ,yau bore with his faults, sod how you. resisted tompta tiin ? like A (saint,* -qr like whfeft-you1 are- a good woman.' ..,.,. .._,',. 1 She Bhi^erea'ajain, andMookeflirjpu^u in thfe same frightened way as she 'had done before. 'Don't call me.thaC^jhe Mia,/pite(ftft^j \ 'I wi«h 1 were good, *:\~: -^ ; -???-?--??;;? ' ' ?' but I'm not. I'm afraid of myself, Jack ; I'm afraid of myself!' Chapter XXII.—' UNLESS ? ' Don't jump at results. The further you jump the less certain can you be of the exact spot on which you will alight. When the words, 4- I'm afraid of myself,' left 'Ethel Dennis's lips for the third time, Lord Rosb trevor began to feel that something must be done to bring her to a sense of the seriousness of the situation, and that he would have to be the one to do it. 44 Ethel, my dear,' he said, in a sharp, clear voice, and giving her hands a little shake as he spoke, ' do pull yourself together and try to realise that it won't do for you to be talking like this. Remember the situation is a very grave one, and that it is our business to find put who committed this dastardly crime. I mean to find out who did it, and you must help me. But, for God's sake, my child, don't let yourself get into a way of talking such nonsense as you have just ' let slip to anyone but me. Of course 1 know that you ' are unnerved and unhinged, but you must be reason able and collected in spite of that.' 41 Jack, 1 can't be reasonable,1' she cried piteously ; 'it's all so horrible, such an end to such a lite— and— and— my mother ? ' 44 Your mother had no business to come at all,' said be sharply ; ' she has brought enough misery into your life already, far too much for her to be of any real use to you now that you are in trouble. But, my dear, you must pull yourself together sufficiently to talk things over with mebefore your mother comes to disturb us. First of all, you know that Judge is aware that you and the Major had words last night?' 41 No, 1 did not know it,' she answered, evidently trying hard to collect her senses. 44 But he does know it. He told me of it as soon as I came in; told me too that he had not ppoken of it to a living soul, and the question, is, niunt it be told at the inquest, which I suppose will be to-morrow.' 44 Yes, to-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock,' she said. ' I thought so. Then, Ethel, is there any need for you to say anything about that ? Isn't it bad enough without retailing all that and thr fact that he went off to a theatre with another woman ? Cannot you possibly suppress all that ? Only we must arrange with Judge and probably with your maid also.' 44 No, she was out. She did not come in till 10 o'clock,' Ethel replied, ' and, of course, there nre no other servants of ours and just at that hour never any of the bouse-fervants about ; only Judge,' with a Jong drawn sobbing breath,/4 was at all likelv to hear it, and Judge ? ' 4' Will never say a word if he is told not to do so,' Rosstrevor broke in decidedly. 4- So I shall tell him that on all accounts we think it will be better if he ro members nothing about tbe circumstance. And now tell me, dear, what about Valerie?' 'Valerie!' She started as if she had been shot. ?4 Oh, Jack, do you think that it was ? ' 41 Valerie ? Certainlv 1 do ! ' ho Baid promptly. ' Don't you think that Valerie meant doing for him the Hirst chance she got ? Don't you think that the Major knew perfectly well what a determined character he had to deal with ? Kls9 would he have been in such mortal terror when she appeared on the scene at Chertsey ? .'Would he have left the Service and deli berately tried to lose himself in this place, for instance ? Notice. Oh, depend upon it, he knew the kind of woman ho had to deal with, and ho arranged matters accordingly.' ' Aud you think she did it ?' ' Yes 1 do.' ' But there is so little for us to go upon. Oh ! Jack, you don't know how wretched I am. Everything is bo shameful, so humiliating, so degrading for me — to have to say to the whole world 'that my husband was not faithful, that 'some otner woman had power to make him alter alt his-piun of lite, and then to be ab'e to say nothing about that woman, to own 'that she is but a shadow to me. Why,' I have never even se«n her ? ' 41 But you have seen her over and ovoratrain,' lloss trevor objected. ' Ethel, what', nonsense you are talking. Did you not see' her over and over again at Chertsey ?.'??.. ' 'We beljeye that we saw the woman whom Cosmo called Valerie,' she admitted. 'But surely you* have -forgotten- the day when she invaded your little dwSwirig-room in your hut, when she insiBted'upon going in, and sat resolutely down to wait for the -Major.' ? *' 1 did not bbb her,' Ethel persisted. 41 But I did,' he cried triumphantly ; ' and I know that it was the mysterious lady whom we had noticed . in the town weeks before. No, my child ; I'm at raid it is no good your trying to shield the lady. She did fhe'deed sure enough, and if they catch her she will have to^i^tJerJFor it.' ' For a minute or two Mrs. Dennis did not speak. She had slipped her hands free from the warm clasp of his, and instead of standing beside him she had sunk hack in an attitude of extreme weariness, and ho slight and frail did she look that Jack's heart misgave him that, in his anxiety to spare her ultimate annoyance and trouble, he was pressing her now more hardly than she had strength to bear. 41 Jack,' she said at length, ' won't you understand that I would rather do anything tnan have that woman's name mentioned?' 44 But why ?' in astonishment. 11 Why ? I can't tell you— I— I-don't know— only to please me, Jack— for my sake; let the police find out what they will, but don't tell them about that woman, dear Jack ; please don't.' Her tone was so urgent, her whole face and manner so full of entreaty, that he had practically no choice in the matter. 44 Of course, it's not my business to eay anvthing one way or the other,' he said unwillingly. 41 1 am only an outsider, and will probably have nothing to say about the affair. Then shall /speak to Judge for you ?' ' If you will,' in a very meek tone. 'And on your side, Ethel, you'll promise me one thing,' he began. *' I will promise nothing— nothing,' she cried wildly ; 'not to-night, Jack, don't say it ; I'm so filled with the horror of it all — I can't even think rationally bo a»k me nothing to-night, Jack— ask me nothing.'* ! '' But 1 must ask you one thine,' he persisted. ' Don't be afraid; 1 am hot going to say anything re lating to ourselves. It is only that you must put a watch on your own tongue— you must be careful what you say ; and, for Heaven's sake, my child, for your own sake, for mine, let no excitement, no f el ing ot distress at your terrible situation tempt you into giving utterance again to the words which jou said to me just now— that you were afraid of yourself.' ' 1 will try,' she said humbly. The meekness ot her tone melted his heart instantly for the space of a few seconds he had felt a shade hurt, that she should bo evidently imagine that he was going to speak of tbeir own future; he had even felt, a thrill of indignation that she should, oven in hi r grief, or at leuBt her distress, think' him ctpuble of even hint ing at their feeling for one another while ber dead hus band was lying^ close at hand ; but her crashed tone coriguered all that 1 ' My poor little girL' he cried tenderly; 'I'm so sorry all this has come upon you ; bow I wish I could do any thing to help you to bear it.' \- 'You do help me, Jack,' ehe began, and then the door opened and Mrs. Mordaunt sailed into the room. She professed the greatest possible surprise at finding him stilJ there. ' Oh! are you here still, Lord IIokb ?trevot^'-Bhe'exclainiBdr ?:*ti*quite*thought that you had gone long ago.' Lord RosBtrevor looked at her with absolute calm ness. ' No, 1 am here still, Mrs. Mordaunt' be said quietly. 'I have had a good deal to say to Ethel, and a great deal to hear from -her.' ' I don't think Ethel is at all wise to tire herself in this way/' Mrs. Mordaunt remarked with icy polite ness, 44 and she has a' very trying day to look forward to to.-morrow.' ' Very trying,' he agreed, blankly. ' Well, I was just going to say good-bye when you come in, so I'll Bay it now, Ethel,' and he held out his hand to her as if he did not know that Mrs. Mordaunt was in the room. Ethel got up from herchair. ' Good-bye, Jack,' she said, ' you have been very kind ; I shall never forget it.' ' Good night,' he said again; then with a cold salu tation to Mrs. Mordaunt he went out of the room and closed the door behind him. ' Dear me, what a remarkably disagreeable young; man Jack Trevor has grown,' 6irid Mrs. Mordaunt a moment later. ' I always thought him a detestable boy. You seem very intimate with him, Ethel.' ' We were very intimate with him,' Eihel replied. 'So it seems; and did Cosmo like him, poor fellow.' ' Cosmo was exceedingly fond of him,' said Mrs. Dennis with quiet decision. ' Cosmo always thought most highly of him.' 'And did he allow you to be Jack and Ethel to each otber ? ' Mrs. Mordaunt enquired. Ethel looked up in surprise. ?? Why, mother, we have been Jack trad Ethel to each other all our ' lives. I should as soon think of calling you ' Mrs. Mordaunt ' as of calling him anything else but Jack.' 'Oh! well— well— I only asked the question,' said the older lady carelessly ; and added to herself that it would be better not to say much about the young man, since it was evident that he had been and was the chosen friend of the bout-e. And Jack meantime had drawn Judge into the dining-moin. 'Judge,' be said, in an undertone, ?* you will be discreet at the inquest to-morrow ? ' ' 1 will that same, sir,' said J dge promptly. 'You'll not say anything about— about words having passed between the Major and Mrs. Dennis? She is very anxious that nothing should be said about it.' *' Not a word shall be said by me, sir,' Judge de clared. ' And Mrs. Dennis is anxious too, that nothing shall be said— if it can bo helped, that is— -about, that woman who caine to Cher I Key one day and insisted on seeing the Major ; do you remember ? ' '1 remember it well, sir,' Judge said, looking straight at Jack — 'all the same that was the woman as donp it, sir.' ?' Unless ? ' said Jack, . and then checked himself abruptly. Chapter XX11I.-DOUBT'. As a vessel is known liy the sound whether it be cracked or not, bo men arc proved by their speeches whether they be wise or foolish ! As the words, 'All the same, that was the woman as done it,' left Judge's lips, an awful thought presented itnelf to Lord Rosstrevor's mind — a thought which was sufficient to put his brain in a whirl and to make his heart sick within him. Could it be possible — was it possible— that Ethel, goaded to madness by her husband's infidelities and her own wretchedness had been driven to strike the fatal blow, and so had the best of reasons for not wishing either the quarr«l or the existence of Valerie to be mentioned ? Almost as the thought came to him ho shook himself to gether with a mental assur ance that it was not and could not be true. \-- 1 think that is all I have to*ay, Judge,' he said. 'I daresay you'll' be pressed very hard at the inquest, but you must take care to tell the truth, you know.' ' 1 understand sir,' said Judge stolidly. ' That's all right, then. Good night.' And Rohb trevor went off down the corridor to the lift, feeling more than hulf ashamed of bimseif for having let that miserable thought find a place in his mind even for an in stant. ' How is the poor lady to night, sirY' asked the lift man. ' Very sadly,' answered Rosstrevor. ' In fact, she eeems completely knocked over, and no wonder.' ' No wonder at all, sir,'* eaid the litt-man, in sym ?athetic tones. 'I know 've felt all day as if I didn't know whether L wbb standing - on my head or my heels. And them police is enough to just make you feel silly, or as if you didn't know whether you'd done it yourself or not. They was round here an hour er two back, just asking questions enough to make me feel as if I'd like to knock one or two of 'em down ? ' ' Oh, well, they must find out all they can; and how are they to (ind out except in that way ?' said iioss trevor.'who had no ill-feeling against the police and thought them a very useful body of men in their proper place. ' Aye, but their questions often put ideas into your head that'd never get there otherwise,' said the man1 knowingly. ' You're an old soldier,' said Jack, suddenly recog nising the real army tone of hatred towards the civil powers. ' Yes, sir; Sergeant Smith of the Cuirassiers, at vour service,' the man replied, with a salute. ' ' Ah ! well, 1 wouldn't get thinking anything one way or the other if I were you. Murder will out, you know, and the police have had no time to get a clue yet one way or tue other. Good-night' ' Good-night, sir,' replied the man; and ass Ross trevor went away, he stood watching him wisely. 'H'm, perhaps you wouldn't be quite eo easy in your mind, young gentlemnn. if you'd heard as many ques tions asked about yourself as I've had asked about you to-day. Not that I believe that you had a hand in it, all the name.' Roestrevor's first thought had been, to go straight to his rooms; then he remembered he had had no dinner, eo walked round to his dub, in spite of his sensible advice to the lift-man with that dreadful thought still lingering in his mind. Not that he wanted to believe it, nor that he thought it was all likely to be true, but get rid of it he could not because certain scraps of conversation kept coming back. He remembered how she had said long ago- that she had ft conviction that it would a 1 come right sooner or later— he remembered how ehe had cried passionately that she was not a good woman, not a good wiJe— and now— now all her anxiety seemed to be to prevent any possibility of the woman Valerie being taxed with the crime. And above all and over all there kept rising in bis mind the words which bad so startled him this very evening—' If I '?ould only feel like that too, but I can't, I can't I'm afraid of myself.' However, he shook himself together again as he went up the steps of his club and told himself that he was neither more nor leBB than a fool. '?' Old chap,' he said solemnly to his own thoughts -'you want your dinner, you're upset and unnerved by all this- ' You ought to be ashamed of yourself to have a doubt of the little woman for an instant. Why she's as good as sold and as true as steel; -old6hap,you^ought-to be ashamed of yourself , *pbn m7 word 7°? ought*' But he could not shake off the doubt, partly because his appearance was the signal lor a fierce tire of ques tioning from a great many men who knew him, and a great many who did not enjoy that privilege. He got rid of one group by saying that he was tired and hungry, -and* would talk about it when he had bad bis dinner'; but when he readied the dining room, he found to his dismay that two men whom he knew very well were dining together, and a third, one Major Pouinger, who was generally regarded as a terrible blot upon an otherwise irreproachable club, was dining at a table by himself. Now our friend Jack did not dislike many, people ; be loathed very few and hated none, but for Major Fottinger he entertained at all times feelings which were a mixture of loathing and dislike, and after that evening he felt able to fay that if ?here was a person in the whole world whom he hated, that person was Major Pottinger. #heri KosBtrevor had got about half way. between the door of the dining-room and the table at which he was to eat his dinner, be came well within the range of Major Pottinger's very peculiar vision and that person age—yes, I fenl that 1 am quite justified in describing him as a personage, he was so intensely disagreeable to bo many people — that personage greeted him in a loud voice, and with a comprehensive wave of a very large hand half- hidden by an exceedingly prominent' cuff— 'Ah ! Jack, my boy,' he bawled, 'how do — er — er?' ??Night,' returned Rosstrevor briefly, with a curt nod, and sat down at the table with his back towards him. ' Now, I wonder,' said one of the two men whom Rosstrevor knew— 'whether old Dumbells will be choked off like that?' ' Brute,' returned tha other—' not he ! When was Dumbells ever choked off except by a dead cut ? He'll go across presently and ask Jack to breuklast to-morrow morning in er— er — Viennah or— er—er— Berlin— be- cause the cooking's so d— d bad in London a gentleman ? can't pay his friends the bad compliment of asking them to poiwon themselves with it. That was why. he left the Junior, because the cooking was so beastly a gentleman couldn't put up with it any longer.' 44 Will you look at these,' madam, 'whilst I attend to this lady {''—Chapter VIII. ' By Jove,' said the first speaker, one Power, ' I thought it was something to do with smoking ? ' ' Yes, so the committee think,' rejoined the other, ' but then what do committees know about a swell like old Dumbells and the weighty reasons which make him withdraw the shining light of his countenance from paltry little institutions like the Junior ? I say, just look at the brute now, he's meditating a rush on old Jack. When he goes for him I shall go al6ng too and hear the fun.' , ' So shall I,' laughed Power. Meantime Rosstrevor was steadily, getting on with his dinner, although he bad no appetite and would in finitely have preferred a pipe or a brandy and soda in stead of the fish which he was forcing himself to swal low. And behind him sat Pottinger, sprawling over the table with a toothpick and the bill of fare, alternately studying the latter with his little pig's eyes and watch ing Rosstrevor's back. ' He's meditating a spring now,' said one of the two onlookers, ' No ; he hasn't finished hi6 wine yet,' laughed the other. 'But there it goes,' said the first man; and sure enough the man whom they called ' old Dumbells ' poured out the last glass of wine from the bottle at his elbow and tossed it off with an air that said as plainly as could be, business. Then he got on to his feet, threw down his napkin, and shot' out his, cuffs. .Major Pottinger's linen was always a matter of grave importance to him, and the care that he took of it was unceasing. Then he ex amined the cefling'and shook His feet out as if to take away any stiffness from' his joints, and finally strolled across to Rosstrevor's table. ' Well, my- boy, I haven't seen you for a week or ?more,' he remarked in a friendly sort of way. ' Ah !. . Rave .ypu been to. Viennah or Berlin ?' inquired Jack grimly. ... ?? Haven't been out of England, give you my word,' said Pottinger seriously. ' Though what I want to stop in London for is more than 1 can tell you.' ?? H'm. It would puzzle the Pope,' returned Jack, to the intense amusement of Porter aud Home; who had also come to hear what was going on. ' The fact is,' remarked Pottinger confidentially, sitting on a chair the wrong way and sprawling as much of himself over the back as was possible—' the fact is that London used to be a jolly enough billet for' anyone, but of late, it's just got impossible for a gentle man to Btop in.' ' Is that why you stop herof' enquired Jaok coolly. ' 'Pon my soul,' replied Pottinger— ' I really can't tell you why I do etop. But I'm going to Viennah for a few monrhs when it's nearer Christmas. They do things eo . much better there. In Vienuah an exclusive club is an exclusive- club - there's no mistake about it. But hera ? ' ** ~ ' Oh ! here,' returned Jack—' here most-jof the cIudb do want weeding, there's no mistake 'attout that. By-the-bye, how came yon to be dining here to-night ? 'I thought you made an absolute rule of dining at the Junior. In fact, the last time 1 saw you you told me the Junior was the only place in town that a gentleman could dine at.' Power and Home exchanged glances of intense en joyment; Jack went on calmly eating his dinner. Major Pottinger t-prawled so furiously over the back of the chair that it tilted over and all but landed him on his face on the floor. ' Aw— er—er- the fact is— the cooking at the Junior is so beastly that I had to give it up— hadn't any help for it. ' Of course, y'know that's how they manage things so much better in Viennah and Berlin, whatever goes wrong it isn't the cooking— er—er— don't — y'know.' 'Ah! I wonder you ever trust your digestion in a London club At all— 'pon my soul, I do.' —'Must -look after* my property, dear boy,' replied Pottinger with a knowing look out of his little eyes at the others. ' By the bye, have you been away ?' ' I have,' answered Jack, helping himself to roast pheasant. 'Aw, down the country?' 'Yes,. down the country.' ' Er—er— and- who. have you been staying with? Lady Millinuton or the Duchess of Blankshire ?' ' I don't know either of them.' ' Bless me, you don't say so. They're both great friends of mine. I must introduce, you to them. I've booked myself to go to ? Blankshire Towers for Christmas — that's what is keeping me in England now.' . ' You said just now that you were going to Vienna for a few months when it * got nearer to Christmas,' remarked J ack grimly. He did -not often feel inclined to take it out of Pottinger or anyone else, to-night he did. 'I meant New Year, of course, dear boy,' returned Pottinger gaily. «? Evetybody goes -to Viennah for New Year, y'know, it's the great time there, like Christmas is here— slip of the tongue that was all.*' At this point Power gave Home a kick, which, being interpreted, -meant that even Jack could -not catch old Dumbells tripping. '* No. the brute's as clever as he's high,' muttered Home in reply. , ' By-the-bye,' bawled Pottinger, who was an adept at changing a subject not altogether palatable to him- : self. ' I'uat's an ugly business at the Flats. . Who'd have expected poor old Dennis to get snuffed out like that.' 'T' don't 'know' that anybody ever expects to be finished by a prod in the back,' answered Jack. ' But 1 do wonder sometimes that morn people don't come to grief that way.' ' Poor old* Dennis wasn't such a bad sort,' said Pottinger, ignoring Jack's words. ' I always got on: uncommonly well with him. But it's a bad end to come to, and for my part, I don't believe in men of his age marrying flighty young wives ? ' 'You'd better be careful in what you say, Dumbells,' put in Power, not altogether liking the expression of Jack's face. . ' Bless me, I've got a right to express an opinion, haven't I ?' spluttered the Pottinger at the top of his voice. 'Not in my presence,' answered Jack between his teeth. ' In your presence, old fellow ; why, what have you got to do with it?' . . 'Just this, that I was very intimate both with. Major Dennis and his wife.— and moreover,- Mra. Dennis* is one of the oldest 'friends that I have in the world.' ' And what the devil,' blustered Poitnger, losing his temper entirely, 'has that got to do with my - opinion on elderly husbands and young wives ? Wait till 1 say something against the lady, my dear- boy, before you rush in so eagerly -to tier defence. ' Qui s'excuse, s'accuse,' y' know.' Jack's brief anger died out in a moment. .. '. Yes, you're quite right, Pottinger, I'd no business to take you up 60 sharply. I beg your pardon.- But 1 can't, think why 'the devil you don't go and live-atnong gentlemen at Vienna or Berlin; they'd .-like to have you jabbering all the time they're eating their dinner, I've no doubt ; but you're quite thrown away here.'' But the Pottinger never saw the sarcasm of the ,? apology; lie was a short-sighted and blundering per son, who never saw what he did not want to see. 'Not at all, dear boy,' he said amiably, 'don't mention it again. I'm a man of the world, y' know and don't go through life with my eyes shut, not a bit of it.' Then he got up and moved away towards the smoking-room, where presently Power followed to find him lolling against the very middle of the chimney shelf, with a huge cigar in his mouth. ?'Pon my word,' he was saying, 'I've always thought Jack Trevor a decent sort of fellow, but to night he's as touchy as you please.' ' How touchy, Dumbells ? ' someone inquired. ' Well, touchy enough to have to apol ? ' ' Oh !' broke in -Power, hastily. ' Rosstrevor's had a lot to try him of late and it's no joke to have one of your most intimate friends stabbed in the back without a minute's'twarning.' ' Why,' cried the Pottinger, ' who in the world are you talbing about?' ' About RosBtrevor, of course,' said Power, mildly. 'Rossirevor; and who is he?' *? What, didn't you know that Trevor has come in for the title— that he's Lord Rosstrevor now ?' ?' No; never heard a word of it.' ' But it's true all the same ; his uncle or cousin or somebody died last week,' said Power, greatly amused. 'B— by Jove!'' cried the Pottinger blankly, then made a bolt from the room. ' Jack, old fellow,' he bawled wben he reached his side, ' I've just heard the news. I congratulate you, old chap; 'pon my soul I'm delighted. Why, I wouldn't say a word against the little woman for the world, or any friend of yourn, 'pon my soul, I wouldn't. I wish you joy of your new honours with all my heart,' and then he seized hold of Jack's hand and shook it with might and main. ' Thanks — thanks,' said Jack uneasily; ' thanks.' A quarter of an hour later, when the gallant Pottinger had gone off to attend a tnull party of intimates given by the Duchess ot. Blank-hire, Koss trevo.r looked round a group' of grinning faces and delivered himself of a sentiment and a statement. '? 'Pon my soul,' he remarked, ' they do manage things better in Vienna and Berlin ! And I'll tell you what it is, you fellows, if this club doesn't begin to weed out within the next three months, I shall put up for the Junior' in spite of the cook ing.' ' Three months,' cried a voice. ' that's rope enough ' To hang himself,' re turned Jack drily. Chapter XXIV.— PART OF THE TRUTH. Stoop and let it pass; the storm will have its way. In due time, on the follow ing day. Lord Rosstrevor betook himself to attend the inquest held on the body of Major Dennis ; but when it was all over and adjourned for the present the mystery had nut in any way been cleared up, and the doubt in his mind had grown rather than di minished. Apparently there was no clue . whatever which would lead to the discovery of the murderer. In vain ' did the several lawyers engaged on the cape haggle and question ; in vain did the coroner call various persons to order and give his opinion with a very wise air ; in vain they put Judge and Mrs. Dennis's maid on the rack and tried their ..best to elicit information from them which they had not got to give. They gathered from Judge that Lord liosstrevor was the most intimate friend that Major and Mrs. Dennis pos sessed in common, but as the Scotland \ard people (or whatever that branch of the police is called now) had al ready had their eye on that gentleman and had traced his movements very carefully for more than a week previous to the time of the murder to their complete satisfaction, and it may also he added to his future comfort, it was of course no use following that end any further. If they had only known it they might have got a certain amount of information out of the dead man's widow; but when her turn came to be ' examined, she looked so young and fragile, as if a rough breath of wind would blow her away, and her whole appear ance so justified tue affection with which the two servants — Judge aud Zelle-bad »poken of her— declaring that she was a wife in a thousand, a good mistress, a gentle, even-tempered woman — that the powers of the hour by common consent let her off as easily as possible, and did not torture her a quarter as much as Lord Rosstrevor had feared tbey might do. But, of course, they had to ask her certain questions and Rosstrevor listened with his heart in his mouth, lor fear that she should, as he put it, give herself away more than was necessary. 'jHad jour husband many friends who were un known to you f' 'Yes.' ' Did he ever tell you of any of their names ?' ' Yes — one was called * Coventry.' ' ' Coventry — was that a lady or a gentleman ? ' ' A gentleman — an old friend of my husband.' ' Was he a great friend of his ?' 'Oh, ye3, they Bpent a great deal of time together.' ' Do you think that Major Dennis dined with him that evening?' ?? No— I think not; ' ' Do you know with whom he dined ? ' 'No.*' 'Was it at his club?' ' I think not.' ' Have you no idea with whom ? ' At this point .Mrs. Dennis flushed scarlet, a vivid burning shamed blush, but it bad faded away to a ghastly pallor before she answered the question. ♦' I think it was with a lady,' ehe said in a scarcely audible voice. Now it happened that on the previous day the police had taken possession of some very affectionate and not very well -expressed letters signed, ' Your own Dottie,' so tbey did not pursue that subject any further. On the contrary,- they reverted to the question of the Major's friend. Coventry. V Now, Mrs. Dennis,' said the examining lawyer very kindly, ' can youtell us nothing more about this Mr. Coventry ? Was he in London, do you think V ' ? 'Oh, yes— Major Dennis saw him almost every -day.'-- ' And what was he— a soldier ? ' ?? I think he had been in the eame regiment with my husband. They had certainly been at Eton together. ? - ' But youdon't know what rank he held?-' ' No— my husband used to call him Charley Coventry always.' ' And how was it your husband never . brought his great friend to see you ?' ' He did. Be came twice, but I was out both times. And we asked him to dinner, but he could not come. My husband said in excuse for him that he was a very shy man.' ' But he did come to see you ? ' 'Oh! yes,*' eagerly. 'And Judge would know.' ?- Yes— yes. And you don't think he dined witn him that evening ?' 'No, I don't think bo.' *' Very pood. That will do for the present Let James Judge be called again.' So Ethel moved away and Judge stepped forward. ' You remember an old friend of your late master's called Coventry f' ' 1 do, Sir.'* ' He usually called him Charley Coventry ?' 'He did, sir.' ' They had been at Eton together ?' ' Yes, sir, they had, I believe ; at least, I've often heard Major Dennis say so.' ' Was he an officer in the same regiment with Major Dennis?' ** In the 24th Lancers he was, sir.' ' And do yon remember his twice coming to call on your mistress ? ' ?' M r. Coventry never came to call on my mistress, sir,' answered Judge promptly. ' But your mistress has just said that he did.' ' 1 daresay my mistress was told so, sir; but Mr. Coventry never called on her or anyone else, for the very good reason that he died on active service in the year 18 ? ' ' You are sure ? ' ' Perfectly sure, sir. He was Major Dennis's greatest friend at the time, and him and me helped to lay him in his grave ? ' 'Where was that?' ' On the Gold Coast, sir. He died of fever on the march to Ardnoab.' ' Were the 24th in that expedition ? ' 'No, sir. Mr. Coventry and Mr. Dennis, as he was then, were both volunteers,' Judge replied. 'But can you account for Major Dennis having told his wife that he was continually in the habit of seeing a man he knew to have died more than 20 years before? ' ' Well, sir,' said Judge, quietly, ' Major Dennis was a very good master to me— I'd been his servant almost ever since he joined the Service— but at the same time as I'm on oath, and it can't do him any harm now to say it, I may as well tell you that he was a gentleman as generally took the first excuse that came handy. It he wanted to get out on the quiet without the miBtress knowing exactly where he was, he'd as lief use Mr. Coventry for that excuse as anyone alive and well at the time; in fact, I think he'd rather, for, in a general way, them as is dead and gone can't give you away by splitting on you, as them as is walking about with wills of their own is able to do.' ' That will . do— you can stand down,' said the Coroner at this point. When the enquiry came to an end for that day, Eosstrevor went round to the flats as naturally a« pos sible. He found Ethel crying in a big chair by the drawing-room fire and Mrs. Mordaunt energetically . scolding her for the general turn of events. ' Really, Ethel,' be heard her ...say—' this is the most disgraceful affair I was ever mixed up in in.all my life— 1 never heard such a thing, a man with a young wife carrying on all this underhand intrigue— letters signed ' Dortie'— intimate friends who have been dead and buried for. 20 years, and then to get murdered in the end and have a dreadful exposure like this, iieally I am shocked, utterly shocked.' ' It is not my fault, mother,' sobbed Ethel meekly. 'lam not so sure about that,' severely— *? if you hod been everything to Cosmo that you ought to have been ? . Oh! here is Lord Rosstrevor— ' with a sudden changp of tone— 'I was just expressing my disgust at poor Major Dennis's conduct to Ethel,' she added to him. ' I heard what you said, Mrs. Mordaunt,' said he very quietly. 'And you are quite wrong in one par ticular, 1 can assure you. Ethel was everything that was patient and good as a wife,' and he took her hand tenderly. '1 have seen a great deal of them the last few months, and I believe nobody was so impressed with Ethel's forbearance as Major Dennis was himself. He is j dead and gone now, poor chap, and I would not say to the whole world what I do not mind saying to you. He was a very bad.hus band to Ethel, and she bore with his faults, aye .and his Bins, Mrs. Mordaunt,, as only a truly good woman would or could have borne with thorn.' ' No— no— ' cried ' Ethel, breaking, into, f resh^spba and Bnatohing her hand away — ** I can't bear to bear you say that, Jack— I waB not ? ' ;f '* The great mistake was,' said he ruthlessly cutting short her self -abnegating:, words— *' the .' great mistake was in Ethel's ever being Jffirced into marrying a man for whom she could have ijfrther love nor respect. As far as your bemg mixed aip -with a disgraceful affair, Mrs. Mordaunt, you surely ought not to blame EthBl for that ; you have yourself and yourself only to thank for it, but iUs .Ethel who has had to bear .the brunt of your worldliness.' ?? Lord Rosstrevor—' gasped the lady; ' you insult me.' ' If to BDeak the plain and unvarnished truth is to insult youj then I must plead guilty to the charge,' he said. ' I insist upon your leaving the house,' she cried. He turned to Ethel. ' Am I to «o ? ' he asked. ' No,' she cried in an agonised voice. ' Oh ! don't ; don't, my mother is so angry,' as Mrs.-- Mordaunt rushed from the room. ' Jack, don't go ; you are my only friend, and I — 1 am so wretched and bo wicked. I don't deserve to have a friend in all the world.' Chaptbe XXV.— A GREAT SURPRISE. Verily, money in every habitation investetb. men with dignity and comeliness. It is the tongue for him who would be eloquent, and the weapon for him who would fiffht. Major Dennis was buried the following day. A good many people attended the funeral, including Major Potnneer, who gave evidences of wishing to ba on exceedingly intimate terms with the new Lord Robs trevbr; and there was present also a golden-haired ' lady of striking appearance, who cried quietly behind a thick crape veil during the whole of the impressive Then they went back to The Flats, and in the presence of Lord Frothingham and those who had been invited to attend the funeral, the dead man's will was read. ' It was. a very simple one. He left everything of which he died possessed to his wife, with the exception of a certain diamond cross, which he wished to pass as an heirloom with the Frothingham title. Then there came a very odd statement— perhaps the oddest ever put down as any man's last will and testa ment. 'I believe,' it said, 'from various causes, that I shall not live till I am 50 years old. And as my wife would then be but a young woman, and is not a woman well calculated to live a. lonely life, and also has been an exceedingly good wife to me in every way, I wish it to be clearly' understood by all whom it may concern that it is my express wish that, after my death, she should please herself in the matter of marrying again If she chootes to remain a widow, well and good ; if she ' chooses J» marry again it is with my full approval and consent.' * When the lawyer came to an end there was a dead _ silence which lasted 'for some mutates. Tfien Loriif : Frotbingham spfake. . ' ,' '. ' .-. « DiTyou make that will, Mr.— Mr.-— Pf k *' Hervey,' said ffie-man of law, urbanely,, . ** Yes,- i ™««-And in wb$^gg0&oi;£haa it been up to this ' timer' '' ''. ' . , T ' It has been in my possession and mine only. It has not been out of my private keeping for an hour;' 'I see.' And then the old lord pot up and went across the room to Ethel, who was sitting speechless beside her mother. ' My dear Ha. Dennis,'3ie said, «I consider that poor Cosmo has madea very just and generous will. I suppose- it is as great a surprise to you as to all of us ?' 'I never knew a word of it,' she answered. 'I did not even know that Cosmo had made a will.' ' It was made within a week of my marriage,' the old lord said grimly. ' And, although it is not a will to fuither my interests, I am bound to say that Cosmo, poor fellow, was quite within his right* in making it. And now I will wish you good-bye. You have my best wishes for the future, my dear. I hope you will soon be able to shake off the effects of poor Cosmo's dreadful end.' Ethel had risen to her feet. ' You are very kind. Lord Frothingham,' she said, 'very kind. I wish ? ' and then she began to cry again, and with ner handkerchief held to her eyes, she rushed out of the room. The old lord's departure was the signal for all the company assembled to go also, and very boon Mrs. Mordaunt, who had taken upon herself the duty of hostess, was left to herself and tier own dignity. Then she betook herself to the little boudoir where she found Ethel alone. ' I want to speak to you. Ethel,' she said, in her most dignified accents. ' I want . to tell you that now the funeral is over, and such a fcatisfac'ory will has been read, it is most unad visable tor you to remain in town — to remain here at all. You had much better come down to The Cliffe with me.' But Ethel shook her head. ' Oh, no, I wouldn't go to Blaukhampton for the world not for the world.' 'And why not?' ' Oh ! they would ask so many questions and stare at me so dreadfully. Besides, there is still a great deal to do in London, and— and— 1 don't want to go away just now.' ' Well, I am not able to stay with you any longer,' said Mrs. Mordaunt, with decision. ' I should have thought that you would be glad to get away from the place where your husband was murdered.' ' So I shall be ; but I don't want to run away,' Ethel cried. ' Ah .' well, as you please —I daresay you know much better than 1 what is good for you. All the young people do now-a-days. Only I must go home to-morrow morning; it is impossible for me to leave your father alone any longer,' which, remember ing as Ethel did that her mother was then making preparations for a two months' stay at Monte Carlo ?during the early part of the year, was an excuse which would not hold water. ' Besides,' Mrs. Mordaunt went on in her most bland tones, ' that young man, Lord Rosstrevor, took upon himself to insult me in a really disgraceful way the other day— yesterday, oh! yes, to be sure, yester day — an-1 1 have no intention whatever of quarrelling with him over it, for 1 daresay his head is pretty well turned by his new dignities and by this dreadful occur rence. But at the same time, I cannot lower myself by remaining here to meet him at present By-and-bye, I shall make a point of forgetting, it, and I think, if you had any regard for your mother's position — after the devoted mother that I have been to you, too— you would be only too glad to mark your disapproval of bis conduct by not receiving him just at present.' For a moment Ethel was positively unable to speak. Then, with her tongue fairly cleaving to the roof ot her mouth, with her heart thumping likeasteam-engineshe spoke out her mind to Mrs. Mordaunt for the first time in her life. ' Listen to me, mother,' ,she said, speak ing out bravely in spite of the tell-tale quaver in1 her voice., ' I see tir at I must speak to yon very plainly. Before I was married, you controlled my life, my body, nay, iny very soul, with a rod of iron. And you sold me iuBt as you pleased, as if I had been a puppy or an old gown that you had grown tired of. Well, that's over and done now, and can never be undone— but after this 1 will arrange my own life if you please. If 1 go right, it will be my own business; if I go wrong, then you need not blame yourself for it. From to-day I take the responBibilty of my life upon myself, if you please, mother.' ' And this,' cried Mrs, Mordaunt indignantly, 'is all the thanks you give me for being the means of making you your own mistress, free 'and unfettered, at 23, with a fortune of seven thousand a year, your very own to do what you like with !' The young widow made a gesture of weariness and disgust. 'Oh, mother, can't you understand; won't you see that I would give my 6even thousand a year over and over again, if I had them, to buy back my loBt youth, my lost nerve, my happy childhood before you had begun your work of preparation tor the mar riage -market. I was such a happy child, but I was so ? crushed and cramped as a girl and! am such a wretched woman to-day, buch a wretched woman.' : Mrs.' Mordaunt rose from her chair. ' I consider, Ethel,' she said severely, ' that you are a thoroughly ungrateful daughter. For the. first time in my life . I realise what it is to agree withKing Lear — 'Tis sharper than a serpent's tooth, To have a thankless child. , And mark my words, your ingratitude will come home to you. However, I am not going to quarrel about it. I shall go home to-morrow morning, and till mv time for departure comes we will cease these heroics, if you please. I have to go to Bond-street. You, I presume, will not go out to-day.' ' No, I shall not go out. The brougham is at your disposal if you care to use it,'' Ethel answered. ?' Thank you, Ethel, I will have it— 1 greatly dislike cabs, as you know. Perhaps you will be kind enough to order it.'' 'I will,' said Ethel, who, now that the battle was over and she was mistress of herself for ever, began to ' feel famt again and to have a choking in her throat, to feel that she would be thankful to find herself alone. Mrs. Mordaunt had scarcely gone ten minutes when Judge showed in Lord Rosstrevor, who told her that he had been up five or six floors paying a visit to 83me other occupants ot the buildings, 'Did they say anything about me?' she asked eagerly. ' I atfsure you, Jack, I quite dread to meet anyone. I don't think any one has sent to ask after me all the week.' ' Bnt Mrs. Scott told me she had sent down twice,' he answered. ' I daresay Judge did not think of bothering you with all the cards and so on. Still, why don't you ask him about it ? ' Eventually ehe rang the bell and asked Judge what cards of enquiry had been left and who had asked for her!' . ' I'll bring them, mum,' said Judge solemnly, and going away, returned in a minute with a. huge blue and white bowl, three parts full of visiting cards. ' Not all these,' Ethel exclaimed. 'Yes, mum— and Madame— the lady with the white hair ? ' ' Madams Wolenski. Oh, did she send ? ' ' She did, Mum— came or sent every day, and was. very kind and considerate. I wanted her to come in one day, ehe seemed so anxious to hear how you were.' but she wouldn't. She said if you .'would send up when you felt inclined to see anyone she would come down and Bee you.' . : ' That was kind of her— wasn't that kind,, Jack ? That will do. Judge, thank you.' Thereupon Judge disappeared', and Ethel turned over the cards in the bowl, while her visitor wandered about the room with his hands in his pockets. 'Ethel,' be said at last, 'I'm going down to Nor folk in the morning.' ' For- very long ? ' she asked., HNo, only a few days. By-the-bye, how long is your jnolhe'r going to stay?'/, jFShe is going home to-morrow,'? Ethel answered briefly. ' «-. ? - ? . ? ? #3-h* really; you're not .going with her, I sup pose?' ? . . 'No. Iwonld not go to Blankhampton for any thing just now. Besides, I don't want to leave London Jill theinquiB? is settled. Indeed, if I did, they would ,-^SroDably send jbgfi' me back' again, and— and— it :,: wotildnSt look weU.'' u ? 4 ' That awful doubt flashed into Rosstrevor's mind again. Good Heavens, could it 'be possible that she was calculating on the chances of the effect of her demeanour to the general public? 'You are better, Ethel !' he remarked, abruptly. She looked up in surprise at the hard tone. ' Yes, I am better, Jack,' she said— 'at least, I'm better in the daytime— but at night —oh ! ? ' and she broke off shuddering, as if the recollection of the past few nights was too awful for words to express. 1 am bound to say that poor Jack shivered also, but he went on talking, ;partly because the thought which would twist itself into his mind was so unwelcome and so unpalatable that he felt that he must do anything to try to break the spell which seemed to have come over him. ' How is it that Mrs. Mordaunt is going back so soon ? ' he asked. ' By-the-bye, is she in ? I suppose she won't speak to me if she sees me.' ' Well, you did offend her,' Mrs. Dennis replied. ' Mother has iust told me that she cannot remain to meet you until a little time has gone by. She doesn't mean to quarrel with you, though.' ' .No, 1 daresay not,' said Jack, in a dry tone. Ethel looked up again. She scarcely seemed to under stand this new Jack, this cynical, hard, unsympathetic Jack, and, if the truth be told, she did not much like him. ' Jack,' she said cuddenly, getting up from her chair and going close to him as he stood leaning against the end of the chimney-shelf , 'is anything troubling you ?' 'My dear girl, a great deal is troubling me,' he answered vaguely. ' But have I done anything to vex you ? ' wist fully. ' To vex me ? N o,' touched by her tone. ?' Because, you know,' she said, ' if 1 have seemed to be not the same, you must not think anything of it, Jack. Remember bow much has happened to me during the past week — the terrible shock 1 have had. I don't think,' she said, with another shiver, ' that I quite knew what I was doing or saying for several days; but that is past now, or partly so, and 1 am myself again. At least, I am tolerably rational, and if I said or did anything to offend when I was * out of my mind ' I hope you won't visit it on me, Jack.' The effect of this was to make him believe more than ever that she had done that to which the finger of sus picion pointed; but, in spite of it, his love for her was stronger than ever at that moment. ' Ethel,' he cried, catching her hands in his and holding them hard against his heart , ' who am I that I should set myself up as your judge ? You know all 'that I feel for you,' and— and — you know if you are the same Ethel or not ; and us for offending me ? ' ' I don't think I quite follow you, Jack,' she said with a patient wistfuloess. He dropped her hand instantly. ' I am not fit to talk to you just now,' he said in a tone of apology, and yet it was a cold one too ; ' let us talk about com monplace things. By-theibye, I wonder if you could give me a cup ot tea ?' 'Of course 1 will.' She was puzzled and bewil dered by this sudden change in her friend Jack. She rang for Judge and ordered the tea, and then went back to her chair and sat down, shading her face from the heat of the fire with a large Indian fan, and wonder ing all the time what could have come to Jack to make him so odd anil so unlike himself. But though be stayed for half an hour longer the real Jack never came back again. They talked about all manner of things, but she was conscious all the time that Jack was making conversation, and when at last he went away with a reminder that he was going to Trevor Hall tor a to» days she felt as if her old friend had gone for ever, and she sat down again after the door bad closed behind him, and cried as if her heart would break. Chapter XXVI.— ' I AM YOUR FRIEND.' Friendship consists not in saying — ' What's the best news !' By noon the following day, Mr*. Mordaunt had de Darted, shaking the dust of The Flats from off her feet, she hoped — so she put it — for ever. *? 1 do hepe when you have got settled down after this dreadful and disgraceful occurrence, Ethel,' she said at parting, ' ' that you wili take my advice— I don't mean to give you any more— and leave this horrible place. Take another flat if you will, or a suite of rooms in an hotel, but pray don't remark here. If you do. I beg you will not expect me to visit you here, because nothing, nothing would induce me to do it.' 'You forget this is only a furnished flat, mother,' said Ethel. ' We only took it. for six months, and we have been here three already. So 1 sball only have it for about three months, unless Mrs. Ackroyd will con sent to lengthen mv time.' ' Consent?' echoed Mrs. Mordaunt shrilly; *c why, 1 should think the woman would almost pay you to stop here— 1 know I would. But surely, Ethel, you will never be eo mad as to try to keep the place longer ? ' 'I don't Know yet. It suits me very well,' she replied quietly ; ' we shall see.' ' You will never get a servant to stay with you.' 'Oh! yes — 1 shall keep Judge with me under any circumstances — and Zelle is a very strong-minded sen sible woman, quite too sensible to have any fancies about poor Cosmo.' -( And you also, it seems,' Mrs. Mordaunt snapped. 'Well, go your own way; only, don't come to me for sympathy if you find it doesn't answer — that is all.' ' I shall not trouble you about it, mother,' Ethel said, a smile curling her lipB involuntarily. And at last she was alone, quite alone, with no chance of Lord RoeBtrevor's coming in to keep her com pany. For an hour or two Bhe did not mind. She vent out in the brougham, and changed her books at tbe library which she patronised, bought some sweets and some trifling odds and ends which she required- uairpins and each things, and by 7 o'clock was back at The Flats again. The boudoir looked very bright and cosy, and Judge bad made the table in the dining-room look very pretty aoddsinty, for she had dinner there, sb she had done ever since, her husband's death — not, of course, caring to appear at all in the public dining-room. And then after dinner, when she had settled down to .her book by th-» boudoir fire again, she began to feel tbat : she had never been quite so lonely in ail her life before. : First Bhe found that her thoughts would wander away from her book, then it occurred to her that the room ' was very badly lighted, so ehe stirred the fire into a brilliant blaze and put some more coals on so as tn keep it at a good height Then she began to think about the Major, her dead husband, and eo intolerable was the thought that she got up and rang the bell twice —thai is to eay, for Zelle, the maid. 'Is my fire lighted, Zelle.?' ' Yes, madam.' ' I think I shall go to bed. Shall you be staying up much longer ?' 'No, madam ; I shall go to bed in a few minutes after madam.1' ' You have had supper?' ' I am just now making some chocolate for myself and Mt. Judge.'' Z«lie~ replied ; *-hut if madam -wishes to retire, Mr. Judge can keep it from burning.' 'Yes, tell Judge to look after it; I want to go to bed at once — I am tired. I think I shall sleep to night' So Zelle went back to the- kitchen. 'Do you think you can keep the chocolate from burning ?' she asked of : Judge. ' The mistress wishes to go to bed.' ' Why, bless me, if s only jnst 9 o'clock,' he re marked;, 'however, the mistress can, happily for her, now get up and go to bed at what hour she pleases. Harry away, my Rose of Sharon, I will stir the pot till you bring your sweet blushes Lack again.' *' Get along, you impudent oaf,' cried Zelle, highly flattered nevertheless. Yet when morning came and Zelle went into her mistress's zoom with a cup of tea, ' Mrs. Dennis had slept no tetter than on the preceding nights. 'Madam has a headache,' remarked Zelle, after one .glance at her mistress. ' Yes, Buch a headache, Zelle,' cried poor Ethel wearily. '* Will not madam stop in bed this morning and rest a little ? ' the maid asked. She always addressed her mistress in the third person, and always curtailed the appellation of madame to the English form. But Mr&. Dennis would not hear of stopping in bed for a moment longer than was necessary. ' iSo, no, Zelle, I've had more than enough of bed,' she cried ; ' get my bath ready, and I will get up at once. I am dying to get up.' ' She felt better and almost ashamed of her fears, now that the broad daylight had come. She went into the dining-room where her breakfast was served and looked over her paper and at one or two weekly journals which had come tbat morning with quite a keen interest. There were one or two references to the tragedy which had taken place in The Flats, b.W., which brought tbe blood into her cheeks and the ner vousness of fear back to her heart for a moment, but as she read on, all that passed away again and she felt as if she had been an utter fool to have been so frightened in the long, dark watches of the night which, thank God, was past. And yet she was dreadfully dull — for the first time in her life she Beemed to have no aim in existence. She tried to read, but when ehe had looked over the papers she found that ehe could not fix her attention on the page, bhe began to sew at a piece of beautiful and artistic embroidery, which bad given her great plea sure during many an hour that Jack Trevor had spent with her; but now ehe seemed to have no patience to work the gay silken threads in and out, and at last she threw it down and walked to the window, where she stood restlessly tapping her fingers on the pane and wishing that she could take a journey to ISew Zealand or the moon or anywhere far enough away from her small world in London. Then she suddenly bethought herself of the pleasant little Polieh woman upstairs, and no soontr thought of her than she ran out of the room calling, 'Judge! Judge ! ' ** Yes, mum,' he answered, appearing hastily at the door of the cupboard which he railed his pantry. 'Go up to Madame Wolenski'e, and give her my compliments and ask her if she will come down and lunch with me ? Say that I'm quite alone.' ' Yes, mum,' he replied. She went back to the wiudow again and stood there looking out over the street, bhe fancied that a good many of the people who passed looked up curiously, as if some sipns of the terrible tragedy which for a few hours had been the talk of the town would be apparent in some difference about the walls or the windows of ' The Flats.' ' My mother was quite right,' she eaid — ' I shall never be able to slay here— the very walls seem full of sounds. Well, as soon as the inquest is settled,. 1 shall have to go'iawav— but not to the Cliffe — not on any account to the Cliffe.' Then Judge came back with his message— 'Madame Wollnnsky trends her compliments and will come down in a quarter of an hour, mum.' ' Very good. Then order luncheon for two, Judge, please,' 6he said quite brightly. So by the time Madame Wolenski was shown in, she was in the mood to run and meet her, to cry with the enthusiasm of one just relieved from some unpleasant situation— 'Oh! I'm so g(ad to see you — I thought you were never coming to see me anv more.' 'My poor little one, why?' asked Madame, then took her in her arms and kissed her tenderly. ' I have thought eo much about you these last days, so much and 60 often.' ' That was kind of you.' Ethel answered—' but until yesterday evening I did not know that you had ever sent to aEk after me. Then Judge told me how good you had bees, how often you had sent. But tell me. why did you not come in to see me when he asked you ? I should have been so glad to see you.'? Madame Wolenski. drew her on to the sofa and eat there holding her by both hands. ' Would you, my dear little one? But how was I to know that? You see I am not English, and in my country we do not receive anyone at those times.' *' Neither do we,' Ethel explained; 'but I do not call you anyone : at least you are different, you live under the same roof; you are so kind, and — and— I should have been glad to see you, that is all.' ''Thank you,. my child, thank you,'' Madame cried. ' And now tell me, how is it with Yourself, my poor little one?' ? ? ' I am very lone1 y; and — and it was a dreadful shock to me, a dreadful thing to happen, you know, Madame — a dreadful thing — but ? ' ' But you are not overwhelmed with grief, is that it, eh? Ah! yes; yes, I understand. It was a mar riage of convenience, and the poor husband was much older; is that it, eh ? Well, well, little one, it will pass by in time, and then you will marry to please yourself ? ' ' Oh ! no — no— don't speak of it,' Ethel cried, trembling,' and looking round fearfully. ' ' No— no— we will not speak of* it. But for the present you are lonely and dull and nervous. But you are not left quite alone in your house, surely ?' 'Yes — quite alone, except for Zelle and Judge,' answered Ethel mournfully. ' And i he pood mother ? ' inquired Madame. ' Went away yesierdav,' returned Ethel, forlornly. ' My mother is not of much use when anything un usual and dreadful happens ; she only thought it was all very disgraceful, and mostly my fault.' 'Ah! that is the British matron all over,' mur mured tbe Polish woman drily. ' And the friend who used to be here po much, the pleasant young man who is now a lord, with the frank eyes and the gay laugh — where is he?' ' He is away, too,'' said Ethel, the clouds falling over her face again. ' You see be has just come into a very large property, and be must attend to ail the business connected with ii.' ' But that i« not all,' said Madame simply. Ethel flushed crimron inatmtly, 'Oh! Madame, he — he is different— pomething has altered him. I don't know what it is, but he was so different when be was only Jack Trevor. I am so unhappy, so un happy—I feel as if I had not one frieud in tbe world except yourself— and why should I expect you to be my friend Y ' ' But I am your friend,' said the other solemnly. Chatter XXVII.— NO LIGHT. Women always speak the truth, but not the whole truth ? I wonder how is it possible for a peace-loving man like myself to sit down on a lovely July morning, as this is, with the haymakers turning over the three days' cut grass just over the hedge and railing which divides my garden from the meadow which lies between the house and the high road, and write a story of the donbts which filled and made miserable the hearts of a man and a woman, while one's own heart ie filled to overflowing, not with the pride of life nor the lust of the eyes nor even tbe desire of this world, but with actual loss of blood, of bloodshed ? For I suppose that bluebottles do have blood, as to flatten one out against the wall is to make a reddish smear on the paper, and on whatever weapon you choose to use or happen to find handy with which to slay the enemy. And then either your wife comes and says that you are an untidy creature who has no business to have a lot of silly,' foolish fancies, or else ehe looks at you a week afterwards with big reproach ^ful eyes, and intimates that we shall have to have such and such a curtain or window-blind, or something sent to the wash this week; they've got so messed with — with flies and things. Fve%oticed that women inva riably say ?? messed ' when they want to express some damage or otheV' which has not been an actual accident, but has really been done on purpose. Well, I daresay it is very aggravating to the wives; but in my case I see no remedy for the evil except by the total extinction of ' the 'blue- bottles, which I am afraid is not a very likely event. So until the nappy day comes when blue-bottles no longer unnoy me, I fear that my poor Nell will have 