FEBRUARY 2—JESUS BROUGHT INTO THE TEM- PLE.—Lake 2: 25-35. Golden Text.—A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of Thy people Israel.—Luke 2 : 32. ' The distance from Bethlehem to Jerusalem was not great. Mary, with her Child and her huBband, would probably reach the temple soon after sunrise. They wou' I enter the great Court of the Gentiles, either from the valley of Kedron, by the ' Gate Shushan;' or through one of the ' Huldah' or weasel gates, in the great South Wall, which led up by the subterranean steps into the court; or by one of "the western gates. From the outer court they would enter the temple properly so-called through the lofty and magnificent gate called ' Beautiful;' and, crossing the Court of the Women, would ascend the fifteen steps leading to 1 Nicanor's Gate ;' passing through which, they stood in silent worship within, the Altar Court.' WAITING IN HOPE. Ver 25. This Simeon is not otherwise known. He represents those who believed (Sod's word, and expected its fulfilment. Waiting for God's time, and for God's way, is constantly commended as the right attitude for God's servants. But it ought always to be bright, cheerful, hopeful waitiDg: full of. the assured confidence that God will find the best time and the best way. See three things said of Simeon: a just, or upright man ; a devout, or pious man, to whom the things of God were very real aad very precious ; and a man in whom dwelt the Holy. Ghost, probably as a spirit of prophecy. • My soul doth wait, and in His word do I hope.' RECEIVING A PROMISE. Ver. 26. If we are in ah attitude of waiting hopefullness, we need not wonder if God gives some good cheer while we are waiting. He gave such cheer to Simeon, by an inward assurance that he should see the long-expected Messiah before he died. But perhaps he had not thought of His being a Babe. Find some of the promises that cheer our waiting hours. GUIDED BY THE SPIRIT. Ver. 27. A good man may be sure that his life is in the Divine leadings. If we are really open-hearted and submissive we may follow the impulses of the Spirit, and be sure that we shall be led aright. See how the Spirit guided the movements of Philip the evangelist, and of Paul the apostle. ' The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord.' HOLDING A BABE, Ver 28. This was something unusual. The incident probably occurred in the Court of the Women, as Mary was on her way to the Altar Court. There is no force in Simeon's act unless we regard it as a distinct recognition of the Messiahship of Jesus. That Babe was God's Annointed One. The hope of the world lay in what Simeon saw in the Babe. J INSPIRED TO SPEAK. •iJ^Vere. 29—32. God's promise fulfilled. The hope of g years realized. A vision of the future seen. A comprehensive view of the Redeemer taken, 's salvation seen to be in a person, God hath given unto us eternal life, and this life is "is Son ; he that hath the Son hath life. PILLED WITH WONDERING v ,37er. 33. All about the Boy had been so wonderful; aftd some new surprise seemed to attend every step, ^"""y the Spirit of God could have revealed to Simeon the Boy was. Think what things Mary kept and dered in her heart. ?Who is this, so weak and helpless, Child of lowly •^Hebrew maid ?' PROPHESYING THE FUTURE. Vers. 34,35. That future took forms that surprised Sfary. She would think only of triumph and success : .fd^ier Boy. But He would be spoken against, and woe falling on Him would pierce her heart like a (see Acts 28 ; 22)- SUB was to be the Saviour of men by suffering for e metaphor, in this verse 84, is drawn from a stone which some are seen stumbling and falling, others i&Sii; rising. See how men are tested by their receiving ffi- rejecting the Lord Jesus Christ. 'n Golden Text. See the early idea of Messiah as iiour of all men. ' Christ for the world we sing.' jy is Christ a' Light' to the Gentiles, and more a Light to Israel! To Israel came the glory of ig the agent for carrying the Light (Isaiah 42: 6 ; 