PF.LUENCE. ' A VERY STRANGE-STORY. At the ago of thirty I found myself almost e alone in the .world, but in psessioesn of an f autual income suflicient to furnish the neces- t series and some of the crofoets of a bachelor life, and with acquire'ments which had only to P be put to use in order to be pecuniarily pro- h ductive. I did not choose at first to devote N myself to any retmunerative occupation, but s determined to indulge int two or threeoo years' d autateur apphcation to my fav urite pursuit' of ' cheaistry. I was city born and city red, and t in the city lived the only iriecd I .osuesed. so g in the city I resolved to remain. I accordtugly searched the suburbs for some suitable place where I might erect my laboratory and pursue my labours of love in undisturbed retirement. At length I found a small two-roomeel cottage 1i unoccupied, sought out the landlord, and to- t gether we went to the premises t The place seemed parieu!larly adapted formy g purpose, as there wtas i desk fitted in a recess near the winduw in one oft he rooms, and before it stood a regular study-chair, with cushioned I arms, and back set at the proper nsgle for a s] comfortable recline in moments of meditation. y " How came thesoeto be hero ?" I asked the landlord. t] " Well," he answered, " the man who owned the house, and died in it ten years since, was a queer chap. He sold it to me cheap on the understanding that I should not remove the fixtures. These two things were the only real c fixtures, so 1 suppose you oan do with them." q " You have had tenants since?" " Oh, yes. A broker had it for two or three v years, and an agent had it!for his ofico ; but t these things suited them." tAll right. They will just suit me, I I think." The rent he named was low, so I took the b place, got the keys. and for the next fewi weeks s was busy getting my pretises into order, and transporting into the back roes the miscel- n laneous collection of cheutical stuffs and imple ments I had been aec:umulating for years. At 'length my furnace was going, my retorts bub- h b!ing, and some e::peritnents in progress. P At the end of a few days' coustant wvts in the laboratory I achievel some results which I v thought it necessary to: chronilel with careful- P ness. Retiring to lmy study, which I had fur- n :riished with a table, :: couple of common chairs, P and a book-shelf, I seated mIyself at the desk, 1 laid out my papers, and proceeded to make 1i coptous memoranda. After having been so seated for about a quarter of an hour, a strimgo thing n happened to me. .. A fell into aesortf tirance. o The ;walls oi. the room seemed to dissolve. away, anudi seemed to sco into the interior of a qiuito different aiartment; itn which the first I thting-that arrested nty attentionwas the figure n of a lovely young. girl, seated at'a round table, ivith her eyes, it seemed tome, g:ling intently into mine.- She seemed to have been soewing but her hands lhad fallen into her lap, and she sat still as a sititue, gazlng. She was lovely; hut an attraction stronger than that of mere beauty seemed to drag my soul out towards her. I could hardly withdraw my eves from a her to glance round the rotn in which sheo was c sitting. It seemed a moderately-sized sitting room, furnished according to middle-class ideas Ii of comfort. In one corner stood a sort of couch, on which some person was lying, but b whose face I could not see. But before I could agaiu fix my eyes upon the girl, somethling seemed to interpose, and I now only saw what 0 I supposed to be the outside of the houseinto which somehow I had been looking-a small, b two-windowed cottage, with a narrow garden f' in front, a high ro:ut winding past, along which i waggon, lo.aled witll bugs of grain, was slow?ly moving, guided by a coontrylmna in the unmistakable garbf :I,: Euglish labourer, and so distinct that I could read the name on the side- t plate. ''here were trees in the distance, and a b church spire. Then a dimness over all--a slight 0 shock-and the wall of my own room, the desk, and thoe papers t I got up in agi ation and walked up and d down the room, wondering what it could mea5n. Surely I was the victim of some extraordinary hallucination ! Something had gone wrong with the brain, that delicate instrument of the mind. But that figure! It seemed as if I had knownsc her for years. I went out with the intention of calling on tt Ned Baxter--to whoul I have already referred as the ouln frieud I possessed-- aind laving the I |atttt, bteos hi,,I. 1 i 1-.;t, how ann;- ao 11 I' shrank with an uncouque1teble reluehcatse from speaking to anyone about my singular ex perience. But when the same thing occurred d again :srd again at intervals of about three days \--lahays, too, when seated at my desk-re veaiing to me the same room,. the same girl, the same outdoor sc:en, I could maintain silence no f longer. oed Baxter and I had been chumts from boy hood. We were about the same age, and he wasa bachelor like myself. He was something n connected with thelas, and hait chambers in the business part of the city. HIe was seated alone in his sanctum indulging in a cigar when I went in with the view of unburthening my mind to I him. "tHave you a few minutes to spare, Ned ?" r I asked. "I should think so; too many of them. Clients are scarce. Dras in the consulting- c chair. But wlot's the matter? You look as if you had seen a ghost." I am not sure but I hlave." b And deliberately, but not without much mental pain, I gave a circumstantial account of l my last three weeks. At the close he seemed inclined to laugh, but checked himself. I knew what he was going to say before he said it. "Something wrong hero, old fellow," and he pointed, not to his forehead, but to hIis stomach. " You must come with me to Dr. Brown's and let him see your tongue." EventuallyI consented. Weproceededtogether to Dr. Brown's consulting-room, and found him fortunately disengaged. 1 Then between us we made the doctor tic quainted with the circumstances which. had really led to our visit. . re listened silently and'with rapt attention.. After feeling msy pulse and examiningl my tongue, he said : " There is nothing in your physicalecondition that would warrant me in treating you for monomania; but the brain is a strange--a mys terious organ. It works many abnormal pranks. Your condition in theseo-trances let us call them-is something like clairvoyan:e. I should like to see the room where the affections occurred." , Let us adjourn thithorat once, then," urged my friend Nel. I agreed, so we all three proceeded towards my laboratory. as he wont up thle steps to the door, Dr. Brown ciast his eyes over the smoke-staited building. Y' o were always seatedin this chair?" said he, when we had got inside. "Always." "Iwill test it myself;" and the doctor sat down before the desk. "Let us have a smoke," said Nod: stid we tat smoking itd talking for about half ats hour without anything unusual occurring with Dr. Brown. "Not ion rapper:," murmured he, as he got "up Ha, haI! " laughed Ned. "Let me try it." ' It's no use." The doctor was turning and examining the Schuir. An iron bar led from the seat to asocket in the floor, in whlichl it worked. " What is below ?" he asked. " A celltr?" "Not that I know of. I reolly don't know." I had never had the door at the back end of the passage open, so I could say nothing about 5 it. S"We'll soon seo," said Ned;loading the way along the short passage, turning the key which stood in the locik, and revealing a flight of abouta dozen steps, terminatingon a level with the court. Woe descended, and found the back walla dead mass of grey stone, excepting the one swinsdow wlihilighted my laboratory. At the Sfoot of the chair, still inside the passage, thero Swasi a blank piece of Iwall smoothly plastered I over. Weo were passing thison returning fromu \- our inspection, when Ned struck it firmly with I his knuckles. " Stop," said he, and struck itagain once or twice. "Bring a hanmmer, Anty." - With the hamtor he struek the wall smartly Sin several places, and at one part it gave back a distinctly hollow sound. S "There is wood here. HIave you a chisol, Ante ?" t This also I was able to supply, and with the f hammer and chisel Ned, who wias now the lead ingspirit, soon laid bareanarurow door,level with I the stone linHotels, apparently heavy, and securely s locked. How to open it was now thie qtuestion. t The hinges look weak," said Ned; and with a few well-directed strokeshe severed first one Sand then the other. Our uited efforts prised a the door openfrom the back. 1f" Allis darkness hero," said Ned, as he peep edin. A torch was improvised froma bunch of wax, tapers and we all threewent in. There was a narrow passage leading to the 0s left towards the front of thelhouse. and ending as in a spusre recess, which the flaring torch " lighted up fitfully, and this is what we saw. On a little round table a trystal iowl. a!mnst o full of a 'clear liquid, in which floated what -Is seemed Asmall magnet, one of its poles touching p a metallic wire, chich ascended and die. appeared in the ceiling, just below where stood my study-chair; and beside the bowl a small o ebony box and on the top of the boh a ring, from a large jewel in which the torchlight scin- c tillated: I had just lifted the box and ring, when o h Ned, oxclanimig, " There is some devilry p here " dashed the bowl from the table. p With the sound of breaking glass there came:n a t sensibleshock, acommotion in the air, and total a darkness. Our light had beent exatignished. We huiriedly made our way to the door and up tl tomy room, where we stood a few moments ci gazing in each other's faces. n " h lit dces it anll men ? " c It was Ned who spoke first. p The doctor said nothing. s: I now recollected and mentioned what the c landlord had tos)l me aboutthe " queerness "of y the original ownersand some time occupier of the premises, and his peculiar provisions re- n garding the desk and chair. n " You must get out of this," said Neid. s " There is not the smallest reason now," said ta Dr. Brown. "If Iam snot much mistaken, the ft spell is broken. But you have something in your hand ? " he sa I to me. tl "These were on the table," I said, showing y the box and ring. tl The ring was massive gold, ornamented on one side with the figure of an eagle, wings n spread, and a large opal in its breast. t1 The box was of ebony, the lid and sides I covered with grotesuoe carvings in relief. A Is quaintly-shaped silver key stood in the lock. We soon had it open, and this is what we found d within :-A slip of ptmlper scrawled over with writing, and underneath a bundle of papers tied a together. o Ned undertook to decipher the former, while I examined the latter, which, to my astonish ment, proved to be bank-notes and foreign n bonds to the total amount of over twenty thou- h sand pounds. " What do you make of it, Ned ?" I asked, v with increased anxiety. "I can make out somte phrases," said he, 1 "but other portions I would defy Old Nick n himself, who seems to have a tinger in our s, present pie, to make head or tail of." It was certainly the most atrocious piece of n writing I ever set my eyes on. Entire lines were u just a series of loops and turns which might d mean one thing as well as another. It was most tl provoking. Our combined skill could not pro- g duce a nearer guess at its contents than the fol. l-i lowing :-? ..power nearly gone . . . filled with re- it morse .. know they are living, but cannot C see them . . . last effort of skill ... influence a one in spiritual affinity . . the ring and money c, f. "fit them ... give them ... I Thesiignature was composed of a number of a twirls and dashes, of which nothing could be a made.: " What is to be done with the money ?" was d Ned's next thouht. " I must feid 'tsem,', said I. a " iFind whom ?" ' Those to whom it belongs." " Who are they . . " Theyouilg lady and. the invalid I saw over h and ov r again ini my dream, or whatever you os choose to call it." -t " Whew ! Then you think they are real, f living beings ?" 1 anl as sure of it as that I am a living it being myself."I SWhalt d you think of him now, doctor ?" "Well. I am not inclined to make so light of what we have heard from our friend, and t; what we have seen ourselves, as you, Ned. 1 g have witnessed some thingo which peremptorily forbid that. Still I would counsel caltm con- ci sideration before engaging in what may prove, h after all, a wild-goose chase, and that suggests that some link has been left out by the un- si known magnuetiser. You have no clue whereby to discover the whereabouts of those in whose behalf we shall suppose you have been com missioned." This had to be admitted. So without coming e to any decision we rent out together. The next few days I spent endeavouring to a discover something by means of the bank- notes; C but entirely failed. Most of them were for large d amounts, and proved to be quite genume, which was so far quite satisfactory. After this I madean attempt to resume my usual course of life, but found it impossible. At a last I shut up the place-first getting a trades. man to plaster over the cellar door as we had a found it and dropping a line to Ned to inform ' himn of my rsliution, 1 set out to search :lfor rhie behfore .me.- Bsaidee my... own oershelming desire, I covinleed myself that I had a trust to " discharge, a duty to fitlfil. . A couple of mnonths afterwards I was again in the city, baffled and dejected. I One day, after havis g somewhat recovered u from the exhaustion of my fruitless search, I wandered into Ned's office. 'Hltllo, old fellow! Returned from your t travels? What success " cried N, das he took my hand. t Im shook mr head. "Isay, you must ive up that. You are y wearing yourself to skin and bone. Come over v and see 'Tefry." At this moment he was called to the outer room. . ' n .. . . Isat down on the seat from 'which lhe had risen, aud leant my arms on the desk. Aim-- e leesly I turned over a letter which was lying face downwards, and the name at the foot seemed to strike me. in the forehead like a t bullet.. I was not at first conscious why it did b so, and a few moments elapsed before the mean- t, sig flashed "upon me. " Jonathan Crump !" Why, thilt was the nmne on'the country waggon y I saw on one occasion pasuing along the road s beside whiel my dram-crottage stood. I glanced at the top of the slheet-"' Greendale !" Yes, I 1 'asi almost sure that this was smy Jonathan Crum,. '"med, 'I coried, the moment be entered, I "where is Greendale? Who is Jonathan 1 Crump?;' m ." Jonathan Crump is a sort of client, or at I least correspondent of mine regarding a piece of busiiness I have gotthe arranging of; lutl have never seen him. Where Greenale is I really do not know." " Where is your gazetteer ?" 'f Oh, you need not search there. It is, I be lieve, merely the name ofta farm-steading. But stop-it cantnot be far from C---,where I have observed all his letters to be posted." "And where is C-?" " In Devonshire." I seized a gazetteer and a " Bradshaw," and soon had ey route chalked out. " What's the matter now ? Where away so suddenly ?" crii Sed ed as I was rushing out. "I will tell you again, Ned. Good-bye." Icould not bear to speak -of my newbhope, which, iafter all, might esd in a now disappoint ment. The next. aftternoon I was wal]king up the main street of the village or town of C-- to mard the post office. " Cian you dlirect me to a tfarm-s.teadling called Greendale?" I isked of thepostmataer whenI had fotill him. "tGreendala !-Jonathan Crump's ! About four miles straight out west from this." It was a fine Iutulmn afternoon, sand I set out to walk the diistance. From Jonatihan Cramp I trusted to learn in what direction hle was in the habit of sending waggons loaded withl grain or flour; if possible, where in particular on that day, about four moniths ago, whichl I had carefully calculated and noted. The influence of the pure air and mild sun shine caltned the fever of my blood, and re strotng ly laded ne?res. I felt lbetteor and hap pier tlshantI ihal done for months before. I was idulging in dreams of a happy eaquel to my adventure, whlen. on lifting my eyes on I rounded a sharp bend in the road, them stood the picture before me-the landscape of my dream I The sceu whsich had solong been only "a vision of my mintd," was, after all, an actutl:lyl existing concrete reality. There, not a hunsdrd paces from me, was the little two winldowed cottage, with the narrow garden in front; still further away the clump of trees, overtopped by tfle church spirem. My heart stood stil, and my knees literlly 'knocked together" at the sight. Mastering my emotion, Iresolute;y advanced, walked in at the wicket gate and laocked at the door. I was not the least astonished-in fact, it was just what I expected--when the door opened, mand I stood face to face with the young lady of my visions. I knew her at once--her features were too in delibly printed on my memory. My appear ance seemed to startle her in some unaccount able manner, when an elderly woman came forward, to whom I explained that I wished to see her mistress on a matter of business. " Oh, you waut Miss Beatrice." Beatrice! That was her name, then. Recovering herself instantly, Beatrice, as I may now cl her,.led thel way to the room the room, just ans I had seen it-in one corner Sthe couch, which was now, howeser, empty. " Nan, you may leave us," she said; for the I woman was lingering, and regarding me with some suspiclot. She then turned her eyes inquiringly on me-the same blue, melting eyes, and almost the same woudering appealing look. I took out the box and the ring, and laid them on the table preparatory to tle telling of sumvstory$ Idid not know how to'b~ein. l "ily mother's ring" ' she suddenly ex a claimed eagerly lifting and examining te one Ihad lald down. " Or "--- And she hastily opened a drawerin the cbidnet. brought out andt laid behde i ry 'ring another, identical in ap pearance-" my father's ! " " Who was your father ? " " First tell me how you became possessed of thiering." I slowly, mnad amid many interrupting ex clamations and interrogations, went overl the b ." circumstances already re!ated, and Anished by laying before her the scribbled note and -the paper representatives of twenty thousand pounds. (Would to h-aven I had twenty thousand fErthings ! It would be the saving of me.) At the close she touched a spring in one of the rings-her rin--when the breast of the eagle opened and despla ed the miniature of a noble-looking man in the prime of life, the countenance being altogether the most il- ' pre-sivo I had ever seen; and performing the same oeeration with my ring, she showedit to contain the portrait of a beautiful woman, young, and strikingly like herself. "These," she said' "are my father and my mother as they were in happy days that I can. not remember. Often have i heard my mother say that they had rings precisely alike, con taming their portraits, as you see, and that my father considered them a unique pair." " That is enough," I said ; " you have proved that of which I had no doubt. -I recogmsed in your mother and yourself the rightful owner of the ring and the contents o' the box." "No, no," she said,; "I cannot take all that money, though I tinely believe my father placed. the papers there and sent them to my mother. But"-and tears filled her eyes-" I have just -. lost-ny mother; it can never benefit her." I impulsively took her hand. She gontlywith- .... drew it, and said: "Now, in return, let me tell you omy story, some things in which, if they do not altogether " explain, may throw some light on yours. My father's naine was v arotin Shwarzberg, ' and my mother's Beatrice Allen. I hardly re member my father. Mv clear idea of him must have been derived from his portrait in the ring, and mvmother's frequent talks about him. He was a German, and was in thistcounitry pro secuting'some inquiries in connection with the study which engrossed him--that of animal magnetism-when he met my mother. The con sequence was a mutual passion. They were married, mand he settled here. They enjoyed, my mother said, for a year or two unclouded felicity, when he began to develop a spirit cf jealousy which threatened to destroy their happiness. He got the reputation of having seized upon certain secrets of nature more firmly than any other man, which brought around him many people interested in the same questions as hhnself. Concerning one after another of these, with whom my noother could not avoid coming in contact, he indulged in sits of the most ground less su'picion. A period of alternating misery and happiness, in which diays of violent anger asmt upbraiding were sueceeded by intervals of '". contrition, was brought to a climax, one day when, in a storm of passion, he left. her, swearing he would never look upon her face again. And he never did. " My mother, thus deserted, made some attempts to trace him; but she had often been so overcome with dread of him, and so disliked his associates and pursuits-which, as I have said, were of a mysterious nature, bearing uponI the occult powere by which one mind can in iluence another-that she acquiesced the more easily in her ill-success. The cruel part was that she was left with very slender resources. I was but a child then, but ever since I can re member we had to live in small houses, mand my mother had to do needlework to assist in main-. tainiug us. She managed herself to give me a& good education, and, since growing up, I have , been ahle by art-work to lilhten her burden . considerably. Her small independent income has died with her, and I am just niow consitler ing what I had best do in my changed circum stances."' "You may now cease. of course, to be anxious '.' on that'point," I remarked. "iiWell, I have now to relate some personal" expetiences"-hond here she smiled andblushed. -"s almost the counterpart of your own, and which will explain the manner in which' I re coived you at the door. In the spring What did you say was the date of your first dream or vision ?" I gave her the date. She opened a small memorandni book, and, after consulting it, continued: " On that very same day I wassitting sewing at this table, my mother resting on her couch, when all at once I seeoed to fall into a dream state. I use the plhrse for waut of a better to seemed tolosetheir solidity, and far away at tL n"' of nearness,. I saw a face gazulg at me with- as if- Well, with an earnest, friendly gaze. How long this lasted I cannot tell, but grad ually the face dimmed, the vista closed, and with a shiver I found myself sitting as before, .. with the work in my hands, and the room every way the same. Several times thereafter this recurred at intervals of about three days and then the visitations ceased as unaccountably as they had begun. The face I saw was yours, so you may well believe that when I met youI: was rather strtled. Yet I hal come to thini a of you as a friend."- :. " Pray continue to think of me as such," I' interjected. " And was not so much surprised as might be supposed at filding you to be a substantiatl:-r reality. and not 0 mere ophantom of the bauin.",," " And, now," she added, " I have just toa thank you sincerely for all the trouble you have , been at on our--on my account. I am very glad to get the ring." 'You think, then, that it must have beenhi your father who occupied my piece' ofvorkl, some ten years ago and wrote these words?"i"' " It could be no other petson. I have seen?' his signature to other papers, and though mare"O distinct, they much resemboledt this." SHaving got the clue, I think I oan trace the letters, and form them into Martin Schwarz-, Lberg." "But that money ! You must at least take a Slarge slare of it." f "Certinly loot. I will, however, "if you i wish, take charge of it in the meantime, and see' you aoain oou. W'here willlI be likel- to get a lodging nearfor a day or two? - Is thelm t'o place nearer than C-t" She hesitated, and then said: "I think at Jonathan Crump's-along thoe:, lane which strikes to the right after you pass thelodge gate." I found Jonathan Crmmp's, but instead of pestering lhim with questions ibout hiswaggous, I merely asked for bed. A comforkthle bed-. room, ata moderate rent, was placed at may dis-' posal as long as 1 chose to occupy it. And now ensuedafiw weekswlich proved the:: most blissful of uy life. Each succding dayI found me bcsidel3oatrice, the" love dre.Im" raIidly becoming a sweeter reality. Sometimes I stt beside her Sin the " dream-rooi, somoetimes we rambled together amid thle beautiful scenery of, thle neiglhbourhlood, taking at first of. Sher plans for the future, thou of the p::st, andi Sthuen of anythling tlhat suegested itself. The mooe Iknew her the more Ilovedher. Ifonnd ther monner was acreeahlle andd oher mitd as cultivated as her face wee beautiub atldher figOre graceful. " "": Atlength oedavIlsaidtoehor: " You rememoberyou wished me to share that money with you ?" " 'Yes-yes-e-au " "And I refused. Whlatif I now say that I am wvilling ":." "It would please me very mlech." . "But what if I add a condition " "0What?" " Thati Iget its owner aelong withl it." . "; She needed not to speak to let me know that' , my condition was accepted. We have now spent many happy years as Shusband and wife, and often talk over theb strange and mysterious occurrences whichl , brought us together.--leekly Butdget. 