An Ocean Tragedy. ? Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXIV.-cot^mued. nm AtltL 1 if AD never before been concerned in a duel, and in die matter of the strict etiquette of .this sort of encounter was entirely at a loss how to act. However, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line athwartshipa almost abreast" of the mainmast, 2 made twelve steps and then, scored another line crosswise, measuring the interval a second time, and finding -that it was veiy fairly twelve of my own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were Staring alt with all their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they \- Xvete toot yet sensible that they were not «»he admitted to the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort tii an catching a shark, aye, or even may bo of seeing a man hung at a ship's J'araarm. It put a sort of sickness into toe somehow to -witness that swarm of whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces, all looking thirstily,: expectation shaping eveiy posture, with a kind of Bwimming of the whole body of them too in the haze pf heat into which the yacht's jibboom went twisting in a manner to make the brain diay to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has examined the expression of die countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expectation of witnessing human suffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-ken nedysat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumming softly with the fingers ofhis left hand. I approached him, and giving him a bow, which he returned with Utt. air of great dignity—men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cutthroat job—I said, "It is my painful duty, sir,, to inform you that my cousin desires the"meeting between you and h?~"i should take place at once." " Not a moment need be lost eo far as I am concerned," he answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to haVe'come suddenly upon them. " My cousin requests me to state," I continued,' " that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist Bimply in giving tie signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful'enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point—" "It could not nave prevailed with me," he exclaimed. *'The madman's blow was heedless. On what part of the yacht do J we fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," he said, "1 presume we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's suggestion," I answered. "Have you the pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and Knocked and walked in without waiting for him to tell me to enter. He was writing_in his diary; he instantly threw down his pen and jumped from 1 is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked. " Yonr pistols are identical, I believe?" saidL "Exactly alike," he answered. ^nColonelHope- Kennedy'schoice," I^cannot furnish him with any advantage over you, by his choosing, I mean, \- . a ^° ldier ' 8 experience the ureciser weapon? ' "There is not an atom of difference between them," he exclaimed. " Yonder's the case, Chailes. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for himself." . He could not have spoken more coolly had he been giving me the most commonplace instructions. I remember.wonderin" whilst 1 looked at him and listened to hiiS whether he actually realised his own intention; yec I should have known better than this if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that l u ?T e acceat hard and steady. He said: '^en you are ready ring the handbell on the table; I will then join yon." • < J < ? ut y° n ^ charge your own pistol," said I, "so I must return with the weapon after the Colonel has made his choice." "No," he exclaimed; "cany the case "on deck and load for me." ,'' Voiy weU '" ^ *» wearily and sick » a , ud deroua y wishing that some heavy black squall would come thundering down on Ac yacht as the precuraor of a fiL and delay this wretched S ? tC8ent a ' n W> I took the pistol-case and returned it to Colonel Hope-Kennedy He slightly glanced at ^firearms, and said with a feint smile • They are an elegant brace of weapons.' Either will do for me. "Will you load on deck or here, sir?" said I. "Here, if you please." Tie extracted one of the pistols, poised it in his hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then returned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled veiy well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. "Haveyou a surgeonon board?" he enquired. I answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince At this, the only expression of uneasiness I had witnessed in him. Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." " I am ready," he replied. On this I rang the little hand- bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, tile Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed whsrtrwas going forward I know not, but I «fis'very thankful that she remained hidden, .since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's com- posure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recollect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. 'I said to the Colonel," It will be satisfactory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a slight bow he said, nonchalantly, "I am quite satisfied." "With regard to the light," I continued, looking from him to Wilfrid, " You will decide for yonrselves gentlemen, which end of the vessel you will face." ' It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. " Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have mv back to the wheel.'" _ I could not be sure that he was well advised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning Would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was projected, clean lined as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. "It may be as well to toss for position," I said. "No,"cried Wilfrid, "lamcontent." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's Bake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your mad relative-to feather-edge himself. He is all front, 'lis too irrational to take advantage of." - Wilfrid heard Jiim and cried out, " Let him look to himself. Beady with sisnal. Claries." ^ I pulled out my pocket-handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the .wheel and came skimming up to Finn, rumbling, out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that the gent's pistol (meaning the Colonel's) was upon him full, and that he wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any man. " Ready, .gentlemen ! " I cried, and desirous of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out " Now I" and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only ; it was like the shaip crack of a whip. For the instant I did not know which man's pistol had exploded, but the little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told me that it was his. I saw the Colonel flinig ; his arms up, and his weapon flashed as he seemed to fire it straight into the air. " Good God! how generous!" was the thought that swept through me ; "he will not fight." He continued holding his pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, with a slight backward leaning posture and an indescribable look in his face, absolutely as though he were endeavouring to follow the flight of the bullet; his weapon then fell to the deck, he made a clutch with both hands at his heart, with a deep groan sank—his knees yielding, and, with his hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it —nay, such faint distinguishable expression as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm; the orifice was as clcanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! How gents of this kind stand upon their honour 1 yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind of lifting look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes, and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indicated a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid, said I. "I have shot him through the heart," aid he, talking like one newly aroused from his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure of killing me; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. Hell trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him I" "Carry him below." "Finn!" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in Bome forward cabin, and if stone-dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get it stitched up. Ill tell you when to buiy him." "Ay, ay, sir," answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed me pistol. As he did so his maimer changed; a brokenhearted look—I do not know how else to describe the expression—entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a sufferer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behind: " His death does not return to me what he has taken from me. With him go my honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my wife's—all gone—all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that he lies there." "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; "withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morning—enough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, honourably. He has paid the penalty of his infamy, and though Heaven knows I would ha,ve gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it has happened, I thank God your life is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and he took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards tie companion hatch, bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, supporting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. I went up to him. "I'll keep the helm steady/' said I, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the skvlight." J Whilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself by a backstay, " but 1 should be glad to know if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his arm with a gesture very significant of a growling "Well, well!" and then with a flourish of his hat he cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen all!" dismounted, and fell to singing out orders. His wild-looking crew ran about, the main topsail-j- ard slowly swang round, and presently the deeply-laden, malodorous eniffc, rolling clumsily upon a swell to whose light summer lieavings our yacht was curtseying with fairy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at her bows to the blowing of the mild breeze that! had scarcely power enough to lift her foresail. Fiim and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sir?" said Finn to me, "there'll be notben more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." "By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for home, for our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows!" Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cutbill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet and that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home I " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomiting sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead ? "Ay, sir; he'll be no deader a thousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finn! feel heartsick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other' death, 'tis best as it is. Have you any particulars of the foundering of the Shark? " "The yarn her people—I mean the surwivors aboard the barque—spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though shipwrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and Bhe took in water faster than they could pump it out. There weie boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Shark foundered. 'Twas blowing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Liza Bobbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." "I dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined storm thundering up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along—we've all had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body ? " " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave him a nod, and with the pistol case. :»nder_my_Mnm l _ descended the, steps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. / THE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. Ok entering my berth I threw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a despondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. Thk, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinner time on the preceding day. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward—who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to—to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. "I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. " What is the news ? " " Have not you heard ? " I inquired. " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." "Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope- Kennedy through the heart," said I, "as he declared he would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed to the recess that Muffin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope- Kennedy killed !" she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice ; and she sank into, a chair beside me, and leant her faee on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. " But he is dead; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just succeeded in fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I therefore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowl;" and that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to immediately open a pint bottle of cliampagne, helped her to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her still reluctant, gently insinuated a knife and fork into her hands. 'We are homeward bound," said I : ' see! the sun has slipped 'tother side of the yacht. Our bowsprit pr.ints directly for dear old Southampton Water. So," said I, filling a glass of champagne and handing it to her, " you must absolutely drink to our prosperous voyage, not only to the ship that goes, but to the wind that blows, whilst," said I, helping myself to another small dose of Burgundy, "I'll drink the lass that loves a 6ailor." Sh^ could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, and presently I saw how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monsoii was. "In my cabin," she answered; "she will not speak to me ; she asks my maid for what she requires; she will not even look at me." " It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Yoursister must not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was iancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human miseiy, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her cany it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the Bteward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I. "I want you to cheer me up." I went to my cousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his dumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any nervous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonislied. " Conceive, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, "that the whole may have passed out of his memory !" "I wish I could believe it," said I. '' No, he has just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrongheaded sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel— but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss JenningB you are better already. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was above .demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimp came down.; the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The big sailor had a: roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was impossible that she should suspect their mission. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. "Will you share your cabin with your sister?" I asked. "No; she cannot bear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her 1" " I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. "There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife—'' "If such an impulse as that visited himV she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the crew forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look, "Lucky for your sister," said I, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the twoscore conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape— bless me! what a paradise after the 'Liza Bcbbins." And then I told her how the Shark was lost, giving her the yarn as I had it from Finn. 4 'Anyway," said I, 'Lady Monson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." But I did not wish her—I did not want Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Yet you could have shot him," said I; do you remember our chat that night off the Isle of Wight?" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. ' But now that he is dead—oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhorrent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with her ? " " She is never likely to leave her cabin," she replied. "When the Bride arrives home then 1" " I cannot tjell." " Had Wilfrid's misfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me in the face from the very start and hindered me from taking any step that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." Here her maid arrived and whispered to her, on which, giving me a pretty little ~ad smile, she rose and went to her cabin. mounted to the deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a pleasant breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hummed like the vast insect life of a tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running" waters on either hand. My first look was for the 'Liza Bobbins, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quarter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he approached with a shipshape salute and exclaimed: " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home ? " "For what other part of the world, captain ? " " Well, sir, at sea one wants instructions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home 1" "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his cabin and knows nothing." " Lor' bless me!" cried Finn. " But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." " Yes, sir. His honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you mean to buiy him ? " " Well, I thought to- night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of " and screwing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. " You are right, Finn. We have had 1 scenes' enough, as scrimmages ai called by women." " Will your honour read the orfice ? " "D'ye mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morning, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table prepared but no one present. I was standing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning^ of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed as if for a ball—swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared. at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst lis; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. " Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, " you must give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are veiy well. This is a festal day with me, a- time to be, dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens I how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. I should like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doublet bestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth' now—where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. " Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing UB to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a lowpitched key, and one saw that there was a perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife close at hand, but he never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastlinesa into his hectic manner, the crazy air of conviviality that flushed, as with a glow of. fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which filled with wildness his large, protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. I saw too clearly how it was with the poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well- feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a shadow into her face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner my cousin fetched his pipe and asked me to join him on deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "We must not forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon my word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoon that Wilfrid has forgotten all about it, or surely he would have made some reference to her dining." "I'll take care that Bhe is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I purposely abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his *i so, (hat he would have been irritated by <ue lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through"— here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay—"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart.'' He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in- law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." I thought this answer would start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they"don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a greengrocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only!" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiter! thought I, Lady Monson will hear thai and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board 1 Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wilfrid ; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," saidL "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautifid night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," answered CrimpV^surly note.; "the capt'n'B a-laying down, but he's guv orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf? The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourselves. I cannot tell how much it affected -me to find him so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirtsof the glory which the de- parting sun trails down the western slope of the sea. There .would be - no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight—for my cousin's .strange humour had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. - There was a refreshing sound.of rushing wind in the star-laden 1 duak.a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating; from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater oyer ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight: shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side< of the deck on which he had shot Colonel : Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phantasm, and I remember a little shiver: creeping over me to the vision of that tall,j noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watchedI the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraojrdinaiy silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in Mmj He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his infant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were concerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked carelessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memory .of it must be working in him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from him at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strength that enabled him to mask himself with what might well have passed for a mere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. Going to turn in? " he asked. It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," he exclaimed; "the one stirring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you. and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. he should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a half smile of malicious triumph riding his lips. "No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wilf ? I want to see you turned in my dear boy." " Pooh, pooh ; hang turning in ! I feel myself of forty-spirit power to-night, just in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House and terrify the old ladies in it who call themselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases, and who wear swallow-tailed coats and broad- brimmed hats, with a passionate attack on the British Constitution." He called for brandy and seltzer. However, we had not been sitting twenty minutes when his mood changed ; Iris dinner-party face darkened. He folded his arms and lay back in his chair, look- THE COLON£L*8 njNEBAI, iag downwards with a gathering scowl nponhia brow. Zrose. "Goodnight, Wilfrid," said I. , v He viewed me with an absent expression, said " Good- night," and at once .went, but in a mechanical way, governed by habit without giving bis mind to the action, toiis berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst he gazed hard &t; the cabin abreast him; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one •who: seekB to clear bis brain, he dis- Four • bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. "Shall-we tarn to now, sir," said he, &snd-; get tills here melancholy job OVerJ". . .... . "y^' *aidl, "tlie sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin* 'Jell yegpeopleto be quick and Bfeetet." He trudged forward, abd presently returned with Cutibill &&d; enbther seaman. The tiireet>f thein went below, leaving Crimp ito get tbe jgangway rigged and lighted. A cpuple of globular lamps, feuehnta 'might be ^ised for riding lights, Veto Suspended against the bulwarks, and': between them; a seaman rested a 'grating of the length of' a stretcher. The .moon? was rising -tit this moment on il&urfii; a |Mk arch of blood itefiaffig thef 5ndig6|»lack Jin* of - the torfeon therej&at; CfiieitJi^r harid tof her Ventjnel&ig; offt intpinliehdipg bf staiv laden sk^f witb. th^ Sark arid.'gleaming ociB&h; b'riiTiTnihg to tlie yacht-, Vkst as the Weakens tWmBelVes lo'okfe'd. Presently ftp throiigb d^afe&ifofee; the "figures bf Captain Finn aiifl ^fclie two men, ewayin Yiiider' the wtejgM"®! the canvas- shrouded torn thtefcr boreX, The watch, .on .deck teairie and gathered about the gang- Vafowherta Ifcey glimmered like "rigionaiy ttreatSes' bo'tlie dull, yellow sinnin g of the lamps. : Face - after face seemed to <Sajn%. tapstang wriggling otit fit the j&ndered; jflie dull iUumin r " ''p^iupon ,their ; eJiSadc-wy he' wind-filled the rk'giijLg With toehthcholy noises, there * was a' •jneiaiiiihg soTjii tiie sound of the water as it ! tvasheC^®>? feK ! ken and" hiding serpent-likefrom the bow. The canvas rose dark,_ bnt..it .was now gatberitog to its t p g hfcspootsaoat m l loftier ^o^ a ^faiiit^ dtelioate, pinkish tinge from the ifed taobbbeam, though in a jiiijciJattes. ^ Vyimn .the planet had &ce-; i&earofV; the V>lac& Ipfe A>f brine, all •would be of a tenoWrwiute softness abgre us, and a feparkfeigline of bulwark-rail and glitterwake of floating ananeavifig silver rolling fan-shaped to us. ,- ... nple»tpf-Ecfltnen-cauglitiold of the Iftuaklitlevel with tliiB -bijl- Jkndy] tir^jilac^d uptinitj'-fliid^ghosfcly tifced in that spectral commingling' df .Starlight anjl lainpiightajad moonlight not yet briglitenin^ out of itsxedneBR-ghastly in die nakedness of its canvas - cover, '^Sitelytorb'e ^ure. there Svas no need at Ifiitliobr tb rohcJEaMt uudter a flag. Finn pulled a tliinrvblume from his pocket and • topeneditcjto^fe bgainst one of .Abe lanterns, peering jkSto jt haid and coughing hoarsely as ttMigh loth to begin. fAt last he • in^fefcered up courage and. m&de; .a start. He pronounced many of tjie -words oddljr, and there -waa - a xlcep stea-note^in': his delivery. I watched Ms long facei twitching" and "wt)iiiiig—to -his -ieciiaL,as.iebrought his eyes in a squint to the page "wj^the . lantelji .light touching to'skin ibtb a tf J^^l ^^bW ffiffl^P*^^ ni^B think fct it $6 thp.likeness of ahuman copnten- ^^"ivTought;^-sjjffldwS s^ "lipon/blaick tftitan; ButtEe inystery of death was wife ns, j it seemed to breathe—hot ; as the night was^n an-tipeHCold air- offJihe dark surface otf the se^ ind a man's^sense of humour , must iv^B been at the featherweight. qUbliiylolE ;& jdiot!s to flutter in the presence of'the pallid, motionless fcryudlb Upoii the-.grating, whose' chill, 'feecrtefc, sabdmn^^iispicaiions' iirere unfepeakablS- heightoied by the eyes of 4lie feailoiB t round about Reaming Out ; <rf,<±ie -weak glimmer of their comitena&ces; vaguely shaped by the rays v 'Of oil Aaxiifes upon the ob«»rit^, by the wlver gaae of the counUess equinoctial heaven r-fejirveying us., over the yaidarms . and through the squares of the ratlines arid amid £he exquisite tracery of the gear, by the steadfast watclung of stars lew down in the measureless dark distatices of vthe west and north and south, as : though t^i^y were the oyes of giant spirits stand- .liig' on iiptoe behind "the Tjorizon "to . ;. observe us, and by the slow soaring of the inidon tiiat -was now icing-her crimson :--visage with crystal And dii&ising; a soft •doudof light over the. eastern sky "with an edgibg already of bnllianfc gloiy ., taider hsr upon a short length of the* dark -feea^lihe there tliat made lie- water in that flirectionlook as though itaboundary -were \- beating in ivory foam against-the wall of . sky.' ' • - ' " o. ^'. •' " .-1 .was standing with my back to the.comi... ji^nipn hatchmy eyes were rooted upon. V ..t3i©."white form which in a few moments i^ fiiflw would be tilted and cent Sashing with .wiieavy cannon-ball at its feet into tie >% depths on which!we Wjere •floating, " JIhe men, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end he • - -•fetd'TOet; but lie lay dead 5- his^ravejaa.s this mighty wilderness of waters ; not a " >le the. ea^th. Jo. which those who o&lxted; him coiild rcpur^id ea^ pbiiit- ^ioTOwards, '' WKat^Wins d?bim is but a tomb livalling the heavens ' T v sity, a, jaateml enmity ^ t -aegsg® hlns^anjl his-^emory as fe^lhiough liis form, waiting there to oe ! • -launched, was but a drop of the dew that ifi- the JknoQpddne qpoir grar i' i 4ai^Satstipported him;-" - ^ That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy mowings, and I was thinking of fthe maJt-as i had 'beheld-shim in the <'M';,crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid lumj'^^jar I was startled out of " its iy Finn ceasing to. re»cL jSISm aridobservedthatrlie was ..pi^nn^ over the top ol hifl book, .goggling . , «oine objecjiwtiiey.es that protruded from tiieir sockets. -I looked ' to seelwhat had . i-c^ his j&ttention;, arid remarked a \- ~ '--"^pp^^Sleifii^hre attarefl in a light dress, - ' but with lier e co&cealfed; byalong dark close beside the bead: of.the mofionleEs,-Eaveiorsuch came to her bythe isiwaying •' : ^•..v^^gpMi.t. She had appeared amongst : VU8 owitfc the healthiness of r ia. iglios^ - • ' . ' l i k e .one in that ^conflicting " thevfaint gleam of hei-Veyes .. diowing through the veil, and the stitchedup ^xm on ^e grafa'iig to give a darker uid xopre thrilling accentuation, to her " piua^jCB-tban-phe -could -have gofc from an grave or a ruptured coffin. .The "'"*"" " aBray.from her, shouldering into the ^Joomjwith much sSieatier lipisuponlthe backs . l^ds^:: I'jwafi^tBrtledi^n biholdin^5jfer, butquic£ly rallied "to' asense^of deep disgust that possessed riie on contrasfciDg'^^OSluBtratioii^of; einption with her language and treatment of "Wilfrid -ithat^iiioim^. ? ' wT . ~ - ^'Pitfc^^' I sexclaimed to Fmn. " liead oit^lman, and shorten the service, too, if you^i." \- .. .' He croaki&l; out afresh,, but the poor fellow was^esceedirsly nervous. The .. ceremony, .fa|;far as it had golle, had been chill, dolcfulj depressing enough before ; "but •& character almost - of horror-to my mind now came into it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood —^scarce won by the lamplight and the ' moonlight from" the : shadowiness that clfothed her with unreality—at the head .of .that aslieji-tinptured length lying prone and resembling, ai7 hammock upon the grating. It was the - nioial her ladysliijj's presence put into the occasion th.it made the ceremony all on a sudden so hideously gaunt, so wild, so inhuman, striking icelike to the heart. For ihis she had quitted iier child, as'she bclievedj for ever ; for his she had abandoned her husband, had ricked the bubble of her honour, extinuished the inspiration.' of her womanood's purest, truest, deepest, holiest eelings! What but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in his seashroud convert.her ladyship's dream of passion; and pleasure into ! > Something, one shoiold think,- to-blind the very eyes of hjer eoul. Bui, Lord, how I hated her th&i; for die base dishonour she did herself by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to her presently dread to look behind \- - Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture, to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men who htfld it, or else not understood. : -The sailors laised. their arms; the gliminering-bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from the side to the accompaniment of the noise of a long,- creaming wash of water simmering aft frotn the bow* through which I caught the note of a ii&lf-; £ tailed shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if-she would fall. I sprang'to her assistance, but bn freeing her eyes and seeing who I Was, sjie waved me from her with a 'motion of which the passionate haughtiness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for 'me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly affc. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it." Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upoii the little grating abaft the Wheel, and overhung the tafforil, apparently, gazing into the obscurity' astern. Where the colonel's body was .sinking arid-where the White wake of -the yacht was glittering like 'a dusty sumiiier "highway running ivoiy-like through a dark land on a moonlit night. T watched her With anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn: "I hope she does not mean to throw herself overboard." -His head wagged, in the moonlight. "Sir,"-he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick "to kill theinselves. If she were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But she'll not hurt herself." '' - | Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. |Fhe.awriihg Was off the deck"; the planks tan white as the foam alongside under the' Jmbon that was now' brilliant, and' all objects ehotred ehatp upon tliat ground, Whilst the flitting of the ebony shadows jto tbe heave-' of the deck was like crawling of spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly tbwards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. . Finn's rough, off-hand indifference could not reassure ine. The fear of death, all horror induced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, Weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden' craze - of • remorse, of grief, of • despair. • • There were shapes of eddying froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which die was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of ibhe sea-glow which, to her sight riiight lake the form of the man Whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side; arid Cod knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing; caressing gesture to her to : follow him she might witness in the Apparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which jn imagination I could ^ee glowing against the moon. It was with a. deep sigh of relief £hat, : after I had stood watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow of the gangwiay, I observed her dismount from the grating, and' Walk to the ^companion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later 1 followed her, found ..^e cabin empty, and went straight to bccL (To be coidinued.y 