THE GOLDEN BOWL. But here those who believed in Sloe combe's innocence were baffled. That a crime had been committed no one could doubt, and murder is one of those things which few people like to accuse another of without, at any rate, pretty' positive proof. 'As for Mrs. Searle, she was rwell nigh" 'frantic by the time she returned to Nelhercliff, and here.the aspect of'affairs was not calculated" to calm her, for the .farmhouse was in charge of a couple of detectives, who had already made them :,selves acquainted with' the contents of her , son's room, and were waiting hier return : to demand the use of her keys before forcing open one or two chests, in which it was possible some evidence bearingupon the case might be found,. SAt another time Mrs. Searle "would ,haveindignantlyresented such an intrusion, ..but now spirit and temper were, crushed ; out of her, and the feeling uppermost in Sher mind was hatred towards Milly Bray as the cause of all her misery/ . 'If she'd only had him, it would.never have happened; curse her. A mother's curse fall upon. her. My. boy !*my. boy ! The prop of my life to be taken from me, and all because of that vile hussy. ..Com ;ing here to make him'mad for her, and then to turn up her nose at him and send him crazy. I knew something awful would come of it, he took it to heart so, and I went to beg her to have him'; me beg a girl that's in service to marry my son ! .The time was swhen I'd have seen: him lying .dead first. But I'm his mother. I lobed i~s only a.mother can love; my son ! my son !' and with' grief the poor creature seemed almost frantic. ' Even the .detectives, • accustomed as they were to scenes of-pain and agony, were touched and refrained from asking her any questions which should tend still further to .criminate her- son, but they made up for their consideration by getting all the information 'they could out" of 'Kitty the servant. who told them not only. .: what she knew, butwhat she suspected, and thus it was that Milly Bray's name became first known to the officers of justice in ..this affair. ' Sure to be a woman' at the bottom of it,' said Brown, the detective, as the two rode away from Nethercliff in the direction of Plymouth. 'I thought it would be a solitary case if-there wasn't.' ' I don't see that a woman's to be blamed because a man makes a fool and , a rogue'of himself,' responded Jones, who was a staunch ard ardent edmirer 'of the fair sex. ' ' 'That may be, but there's never apiece of mischief or devilry that a woman isn't at the bottom of.. It may be her fault or her misfortune, but it's a fact.' : At which conclusion 'Jones demurred, and the discussion was still unfinished when they reached Plymouth. Their visit to Netherclifl had not been unproductive of results. ' They had found balls, cartridge, and an empty pistol case, which would exactly correspond' with the weapon found on the spot where. the deadly struggle had taken place, and which had recently been discharged; and. be ypnd this, they bad found some possible Scause or motive for the crime. * Jealousy might be unfounded, but jealousy had no doubt been the cause of the murder, and Inspector Brown being somewhat given in his idle moments to a, spice of romance, determined to hunt out "..the whole circumstances of the case, bring 'the most minute details to light, and have the young woman whom he was sure -was :at the bottom of it held up to public gaze as a warning to her sex. . Poor Milly, troubles were gathering thick and fast around her, rind the price , to be exacted for an idle flirtation was a ,terribly heivy one., CHAPTEIR XV. THE funeral is over. The last Carew of Cloielly has taken his place on the stone shelf in the family vault, with his illustrious .ancestors around him, and no male des :cendant of his name shall ever come .to keep him company.. 'Neighbours and friends :have followed the hearse on its long ride to Wembury Church, to show their respect for. the man who, at such a ripe age, had met with an untimely death. His daughter sits alone, her 'eyes:tearless, but with a great sorrow and dread in them; and his niece and mnrderess, afraid to show .any)' signs of exultation, wears, a face. of becoming .woe; crape .:deep 'enough for any widow, and orders everything connected with the funeral, as though Clovelly' Court had passed into her hands, and she were indeed its owner and mistress. 'But the mourners have returned from the funeral. The cold luncheon has been eaten;. Mr. Shrapnell, the family solicitor, being the most prominent person 'present. The gu'ests at "length. departed,. and then the lawyer sent to Miss Carew if' she could receive him for:a few minutes..' Carrie's reply was in the affirmative. T..::There was only one person besides the s~olicitor who had the right to ask to. see .her this. day and try. to soothe her sorrow, and'he had not done so. True; he had attended. the funeral. But Sir Philip Walsiigham' had cdme to the reluctant "conclusion that it was not too late to withdraw as a' suitor. for Carrie's hand, a1nd. though he was .not quite satisfied with his own conduct a man soon recon ciles himself to the idea that the love ;which he had meant, and was accepted .in all earnest, could be passed off as a mere idle flirtation. A woman's pride and dignity helps him in his dishonourable conduct, and what he would condemn most strongly in another passes-of as almost a matter of ,'course in himself. So Sir Philip went back to Walsing ham- Towers without seeking to see the girl who, alone in: her misery, was waiting for him,.and Mr. Shrapnell was ushered into her presence. s The lawyer was a tall, handsome mnan, .sof some three or. four and forty, with dark and clear, piercing, grey eyes, a large straight nose and a mouth which conveyed the idea both of softness and de. cision. He was a widower, having been left a year after marriage with one little child, a girl, in whom his whole life ,and happiness seemed centred; and all this had made him kind and considerate wiith woman, practising in daily life some of the true chivalry which we suppose the knights of old to have shown towards the weaker sex, There was nothing jarring in Mr. Shrap ihell's inanner,' voice or appearanice; on the contrary, he seemed to soothe and calm the person he was talking to; his sympathy and condolence was implied rather than expressed; and Carrie, who had met him many times before, after he had been in the room a few minutes, felt glad that he had come. 'I am sorry to tell you, Miss Carew,' he raid at length, coming to the object of his visit, 'that your father did not make a will; at least he never instructed me to prepare one, and nothing of the kind has been found on examination of his papers.' ' No,' said Carrie,' papa had always a great dsilke for making a will or preparing forisaich'a time as this; but will it make much. difference, Mr. Shrapnell ? you know I am of age ?' ?; Yes,' doubtfully. ' By the way, have you the certificate of your birth or bap tism, in case your age, or right, or claim, should be disputed ?' 'No, I don't know- anything about it; but who should or can dispute my right ? There is no doubt about it, is there ?' ' I should think not, but I cannot tell you. I wish we had the 'papers. Can you tell me' where' your. mother was married ? Perhaps you have the certificate of that ceremony ?' ' No, I have asked papa dozens of times about my mother, but he has always put me off till another time, and now he can .never -tell. me.' She bit her lip, her voice trembled, but she repressed the tears that rose to her eyes and asked: ' Did you know nothing about her, Mr. Shrapnell? .Paja had great, confidence in you and-your father and was .much..more likely to speak to you on the subject than me. 'No, Iwas really. not_ taken as a partner in the: firm until you wvere a toddling little girl, such.another as my Amy, Miss Carew, and whatever Sir John may have said to my'father I cannot say, utit he is dead and never in his lifetime mentioned the subject to me.' ' I should 'very much like to know some thing about my mother and her family,' said Carrie, with a sigh.- -' purely .some thing can be discovered, Mr. Shrapnellt?' ''We will do our best, at any rate,'-. said the lawyer, with an effort- at hopefll'nhess he was far from feeling. Have you any idea ot what part of- the world you .were born in ?' . ' No;.was I not born here, at Clovelly Court?'- . 'Certainly not, or we should have- no difficulty.` Your father had lived abroad for some years in France, Italy, and about the Continent, and .the Court had .been occupied only by -servaifts.- He returned unexpectedly, bringing you, then about twelve months old, with him. As you know, he was opt a communicative man; he simply stated that you were his .daughter;.that your mother. died: at .your .birth, and then intimating that rio further questions need be asked, he settled down to the tile- of- a comparative recluse.. It is, as you, doubtless, remember, only during the last few years that the ordinary visits and. civilities usual between neigh bours have 'been: exchanged between yourselves and the surroundinggentry.' S'Yes, now you mention it, I remember. But what could papa wish to hide?' ' Impossible to say; -but it is a pity he did not leave some positive instructions; it never shortens a man's life to make- his will and keep his affairs in such order that the next hour may be his last.' ' Poor' papa; - he- would have done anything to save me pain. But what do you anticipate, Mr. Shrapnell.' ' Idon't exactly know. May I hope to be your legal adviser, as I was your father's?' :.-. .: ' Certainly.' : . . 'Then I must request that you will take , no. important step .without con sulting me: I shall commence inquiries 'is to' where you were born, and wherd you parents were irarried, at once.' ' Ypu do not think '. ' I would rather not express any opinion, Miss Carew," if- you will forgive me for saying so. In what I do in'this matter 1 shall have your .interests :only in view. You may trust me to "do my very best; and I repeat, I hope::you will take no important step without,. at least,. first telling me.' 'You may depend upon it; and I leave all things'in your hands with. confidence.' .. And Carrie rose and shookl hands with the lawyer, who left the room feeling the task before him anything but' a hopeful one. . On his way down stairs -a, servant met him, withthe words: ' If you -please, sir, Mrs. Kempson would like to see you before you go.' ' Very .vell;-I.have something to look at; I will'ring when I am ready to'go Ito her, and so saying he went into the com paratively small sitting- room which, on his arrival'.the day before, the housekeeper had shown him into as his own room. For such 'a clear-headed man as Willoughby Shrapnell, it was a wonder to see him gosand sit down by the fire and bend his head towards it, at the imminent risk of a headache, while the workings of his countenance showed him: to be in deep thought. : His mind seemed to be definitely made up at last, for he rang the bell, and was a few'- mitiules: after conducted to . the presence of Hilda Kempson.. ' So you are come, Mr. Shrapnell. I have been waiting for you for some time: Hai any will been discovered ?' 'Not that I am aware of, madam.' '-Then Clovelly belongs to me.'. -' To you, madam! you forget your cousin, Miss Carew.' . 'My left-handed cousin. You have nothing to prove the contrary, have you ?' ' The subject has never been discussed that I am aware of; if'ever it is we shall no doubt be abli to meet it.' ' But,, Mr. Shrapnell, you must know that my uncle sand Carrie's mother were never married.' "' .Pardon me, I know: nothing of. the kind.' - - Hilda Kempson knit her broivs foi a few seconds and remained silent. ' She had no desire to tempt or invite a public inquiry into her claims, thie action would be too hazardous; at the same time she was resolved, even at-great risks, to advance and enforce them, and.she was calculating, perhaps, too much fronm her own point of view, the strength and shair ness of her weapons. ' I can prove what I sayj;' she said at last, somewhat eagerly. : 'Indeed !' teith'an incredtilous expres s?on., . " 'Yes, you shall judgefor yourself,' and she rose impetuously, took a key. from a chain which, sleeping and waking, she wore round her neck, andod -unlocked a -curiously-shapcd cabinet which, almost plain on the sutrface, contained many secret drave'rs, and took from'ond of them a letter, soiled and staindd as tliough with age, and having glanced- at it, securely locked up the doors and drawer again. The keen eyes of the lawvyer noticed that this was not the only paper in this same receptable, and it struck him that it would be a curious study to turn out the contents of this singular piece of furniture and examine them. How curious the study really would be his wildest flight of fancy could not arrive at. Hilda brought the paper towards him, and pilaced it in his hands. ' Read thatl ' ashe said, 'It is from Uncle John to my father. You will notice the date.' The lawyer tha-nked her, and began the ;tudy and perusal of the paper. It was dated ' Priory House, Tyne. moutl, November io:h, 18-' Twenty ;tno-years ago, and began: ' My dear brother,-The. greatest mis fortune of my life has defallen me. The woiman whom I lored before all earthly things has just died, and has left. me a child who, through my selfishness, will be nameless. For her benefit, and your own, I am about to make a proposition. You are in deb', will be disgraced, and have to leave the country-unless I help you. If you will give me your undertaking in writing and solemn promise never to claim Clovelly, or throw. a doubt upon the legitimacy of my child, I will at once ad vance you twenty thousand pounds, and give you ten thousand more at the end of the year, which, altogether. will make thirty thousand. Failing to agree to my terms, I shall refuse to give you one "sixpence, and shall settle all I possess,.and. all I can wring from the estate, upon my daughter. ,. ' Your affectionate brother, John Carew.' Twice did Mr. Shrapnell read' this singular epistle over, then he returned it to" Hilda with a disdainful smile. ' I am afraid it isn't worth much, Mrs. Kempson. Some one has evidently been practisiig on your credulity; such a transaction as this letter refers to' would have been illegal, and I will do your father and the late Sir John Carew the credit of believing neither would have been guilty of such an action.' 'I am afraid we shall have to dispense with your good opinion, Mr. Shrapnell,' retorted Hilda, stung by her failure and the lawyer's remark. ' My father took the money, and, had he been. living now, would have kept his word. ' He had no right to sell my birthright, however, and, as the only legal heir, I claim' Clovelly Court.' 'Yes; I know your father had thirty thousand pounds from his brother soon after the date of that letter,' observed the lawyer coolly. ' I came across the receipts the other day.'. ' And did they state the 'consideration given, for it ? . . .. , ' Not in the precise terms of this letter, certainly,'whas the scornful reply. ' But you have the receipts ?' 'Yes; what other' evidence have you that no marriage took place between: your uncle and the lady who was the mother of his child ?' " ' Evidence ! Is not that enough ?' *No; I should not like to hang a dog upon it. There are a dozen points in it which I could point out as niaking it utterly untrustworthy; besides, I am. by no means satisfied that it is in Sir John's handwriting.' ' ' You don't suppose that I have had .it manufactured, do you ?' said Hilda, hotly. 'I should be so .sorry ; to .suppose anything so ungallant. -We have some of Sir John's handwriting of. that date. Would you like me to take it back with me and compare ther ?' . ' No, thank you. I am quite satisfied; :and unless Caroline can prove her mother's .marriage and her own legal claim to my uncle's.properly, I shall take .possession of it and hold it.' .' Have ' you considered that every servant and agent 'will obey, yoif. cousin and not. you? 'That a long ,and. ex pensive law-suit will- have to be fought, and that your chances agaiinst ?us are not worth one to' fifty? If yout were .:ii, client instead of the- enemy of my client,., I should say, 'don't." ' And I should answer, as I do answer, I will;..but Mr.. Shrapnell,'-with a dis cordant laugh-' I have heard every man has his price. What is .yours ?'. _-:- ', ' I. am- afraid you could not pay it, madam.' . .. . ' Would not Clovelly buy it?' . 'No, nor would: fifty Clovellys, and Clovelly is not yours'at present to. offer, madam. I was about' to advise your, cousin, since there is no will, to settle some haidsome 'income upon you; but having due regard to what has been said, I cannot conscientiously do so.' ' You maiy save yourself the trouble; I shall have all or none, and y'ou will 'find, Mr. Sbrapnell, that you have taken ;the losing side.' . ;.. ' Opinions differ, Mrs,. Keinpson; good morning,'- and, as he' walked from .the room, he muttered to himself : ".That letter is a forgery; .. There' was ''no envelope in thosedays,-and the .letter has neither address nor post-mark upon' :it, and no man in his ' senses would have written such a letter.;: Still the address is somethiig :: Priory House, Tynemouth, Nov. cotlb, :18-.'; :Yes,' you may, un consciously have helped us, Mrs. Kemp soni;but'I start for the north to-morrow.' S CHAPTER XVI. HILDA" KEMPSON did" not undervalue the difficuilties which lay -in her road to scic cess, but at the same time she was not daunted by them. . She had the ready faculty of, turning any accidental circumstance-to her own advantage just as having heard that God. frey Sloecombe.was in the neighbburhood on the day of her uncle's death she tried to fix the stigma of her own crime upon. him. . In the same way her interview with Mr. Sharpnell 'had convihced her that if she followed the advice of her legal adviser Carrie would niot give up her possession of the Court and all that must come to her as her father's heir until the law compelled her to do so; and the aid of the law even had her claim been clearer thari it was Hilda Kempson dared not invoke. The consequence was if' Carrie were to be got rid of she must be made to go of her own free will, and to do this would require, no mean skill, address,. and duplicity. :: A whole week did Hilda.Kempson take in maturing her -plans, and during this period she and Carrie met only at dinner time . each day, and then servants were around them. ' Conversation was confined *to the most ordinary remarks, anddirectly the meal was over each lady retired to her own suite of rooms, instead of going together as they had, previously done to a drawing-room, where Sir John would join them later on. And during tthis time strange. rumours were floating about. Clovelly and the country side- rumours which got so far as Exeter long before- they reached the ears of the person most interested in tlem. Indeed the first intimation she received of their existence was contained in a letter from Lady Mary Monckton, a sister of Lord Luton, who lived at Chiswick, and with whom Carrie had always beena great favourite. ' M" DEAR CARRIE,' she wrote : ' Re. member there is always a home for you in my house, whenever you want one; An old woman is an independent personage and can do pretty much as she likes, and if you will come and stay with me we shall be as happy as a couple of cats purring before a good fire. Never mind if you have lost Clovelly Court, and if that scamp, Sir Philip Walsingham, has turned caitiff when he found your legitimacy disputed ; life is not used up at two-and-twenty, and a man who would marry" a woman only for her wealth is well' got rid of. at any price. Come to me, my child; I am old enough to be a mother to you if you will let me. 'MARYY MONCKTON.' 'Dear old soul; but what can.' she mean ?"said Carrie as she read this letter. 'Lost Clovelly i why I am in Clovelly or I am dreaming; and how dare she speak of Philip like this ? True, he has.not been to see me since that day. But, perhaps he is away ; perhaps he does not care to write till his return; a dozen things may have happened to him. I should, indeed, be unworthy of his love if I could not trust him longer and further than this. Poor dear Lady Mary has. got hold of, some absurd 'story. My legitimacy disputed, too ! Surely no one could be mad enough to suppose that because I do not. know where my 'parents were married they were .not married "at all.- But?' I must. write and soothe this, dear' old soul... If .ever I dA want a. friend she is the first I should .turn to.- I will write and invite her to come and 'see .me. How many yo6riger women might envy Lady Mary's good temper,. wit and amia bility; if, I am only like her :when I am grown old,' married or not,. I shall be' happy.' And so saying; she sat down and wrote;:' 'I M DEAR, LADY:. MARY.-Someonie has bee. pctising upon your credulity. Clovelly Court. is mine- will, I believe, long remain so;.,if you doubt it,' come: and see me. Indeed you could not do a greater kindness than to come and cheer me up,for I m bo th sad and; lonely. I don't think Sir 'Philip merits the bad opinion you entertain of him. ' Your own loving ' Carrie Carew.' Then she sent the latter off to be posted at once, and tried to amuse herself with some ititricate work upon; which she was engaged. . But she' was-restless and disturbed in mind, the work was thrown aside, and she took up a novel, only to put it down again with still greater impatience. " It was early in November,: and the wind was loud and boisterous, swaying and tossing about the branches of the. trees, despoiling them of their thickly fallen leaves, and strewing the ground with their now withered and discarded glory. ; Though it was not positively raining, yet between the gusts of wind heavy drops would dash against the windows as though opportunity were only wanting for a regular downpour. The sea is' not visible from Clovelly, for'the Court stands in a wide and: richly cultivated valley, but at' the base of 'the rock, upon which Wembury Church stands; and which is within view of the window where .,Carrie . is looking out, the friighty Atlantic rolls in its restless billows," and though the 'girl cannot see the foam-crested waters, . memory brings them 'to her mind,- and she wishes -she were up- there to enjoy the scene and the keen, cold air. -.Thus standipg, thinking and dreaming, she is, conscious of a horseman riding away from the Court, . For a few- seconds her eyes follow him, wandering if she cannot be mistalten; biet no, she cannot hug this hopeito her heart. It is- Sir Philip- Walsingham. -He: has been'to the Court and- she has not seen him. . SSilently she watches him, until the roid he -is pursuing winding round a-hill hides him from her sight, then :shecrosses the room and rings the bell sharply. Of course it is the fault of the servants, -a fault she will not have repeated, and she says, with more imperiousness than is usual with her: : ' Tell Mrs. Winstay I ;want to see her,' A few seconds later, and the, house keeper, once her governess, is in her presence. . 'Mrs. Winstay,)Sir Philip Walsingham has been here; why was I denied to him ? I have given no such orders to that effect.' ' No,.Miss Carie ;nor were you denied to him.; he never as'ked to see you.' .' Never asked-. to see mes. To whom was his visit, then?' S.' To Mrs. Kempsonb?: :. . Hilda I' and ,the girl :staggered and turned pale. : ,' Yes, Miss ; perhaps if you .were to have an understanding it would be as well. But pray, be firm; Missu Carrie, and re member- we are all your ...servants, .and from the highest to the' lowest of. us' will all obey you:' . · Of course; btit What do you mean ?' ..' I'd rather yoi'd ask. Mris. Kempson; she is your cousin. and you can speak tob each other freely. The .gossip that reaches- me is, not always to be relied upon.' u .'.True ! tell. Hilda I wish to see' her in the .blue- drawing-room in ten minutes time. Tell her yourself, Mirs Winstay.' I will, miss, but let mie.beg of you .to be firm, -and to remember you are your father's daughter?' ' Do you think I am likely to forget it ?' 'I hoPe not ' ... With which parting shot,: the house keeper, withdrew; : What does it all mnean, I wonder?' moaned the girl passing her haiids ovier her forehead, as though to clear lier brain or tnontal vision?.: Tat 'letter-:-Philip going away without even. askinig for. rie. Mr. Shrapnell's warnings" and . doubts: Winstay's .exoidiumrn 'to :fiirmness, :and: assurances of obedience? I? feel as though the waves were comitng over me, and I could not escape?'y:. . Ten miinutes later,, however, and she walked into the blue drawing-room where Hilda, a few seconds after; joined lier. . -Both of them .were dressed iri'deep mourning, but despite the color aindtex ture of their garments, the contrast be tween them was. striking. ' Carrie, tall, willow)y and fair, her'. violet blue eyes, golden hair,' ai:d ivoryflike complexion thrown into relief by heir heavy crape dress, showing :refignementi, igh breeding and culture in' every glance - and movement. . H-ler-cousin, looking very much like 'a well-to-do barmaid, somewhat passe, with but few, if any,, of the, attributes that usually 'make a lady;. the difference .be tween them was as great as that'of a high bred racer and. a, fine 'specimen of 'a brewer's dray horse. - Hilda felt her inferiority, winced under' it, but she was by far the cleverest of the two, and she had no hesitation in putting her unholy talent to its use. ' Sir Philip Walsinglham has been here?' observed Carrie, eyeing her cousin sternly. 'Yes,' was the reply. 'And you receive him ?' ' Of course I did.' ' BUt he camne to see me.' 'Indeed ! :le did not say so. In point of fact I wrote to him ?' 'You wrote to him ?' ' Yet ! I wished to spare you .as much as possible, Carrie. You and poor dear uncle were always kind to me?' and the handkerchief went up to the' eyes, while .here was a sound like that of sobbing; 'and,' she went on, Carrie' not interrupt ing:her, ' I had heard of something like an engagement between you two, so' I wrote to. ask him to come and see me, that I might tell him, thoughl Clovelly cannot be yours, I.shall be glad to settle thirty thousand pounds upon you on your marriage.' ' And he said ?' ' I-I cannot tell you. It. was mean and cruel?' ' What do you mean? what are you driving.?at with your deceitful schemes-?' asked Carrie, passionately; starting to her feet. ' Tell me frankly, if you can, and know hotw to. speak withouit reserva tion ; what do you mean about Clovelly never being mine ? Itis. mine i and how dare Sir-Philip Walsingham say anything mean and cruel about.me ?' ' Don't you know ?. But you must know,' said Hilda,' with l surprise", and something like indignation and contempt in her tones.. 'Ihave borne it all patiently so far, but now, though I tam :willing :to act. generously, and the. Court may . be your home as long as' )osu choose to remain in it, you must recognise the fact that you have, in. fact, no. legal name 'at all'; your father' and mother: were never married, and you k'nlow what the offspring of such a connection is in: the eyes of the law.' ' It is' an abominable falsehood I' ex claimied Carrie, ' anid you know it.' ' Does that look like a falsehood ?' ex claimed Hilda, handing the letter she had shown with stich' ill success to :the lawyer. lMr Shriipneil was suspicious, cool, and looking for deception. Carrie was carried away by feeling and passion; and her own iriiitless inquiries concerning her mother came now to convince her that: this' horrible story was true. ' How long hare you had this. lettei ?' she asltedd,in a voice so' unlike her own. .' ver. since my father died.' , . 'And. I-have known nothing- of it. How cruel I' ' I dould riot tell you !' returned Hilda, 'besides, uncle could have made a will and disposed of his property as he liked.' ' Ah !' ' I don't want to be ungenerous or unfair, Carrie,'. pursued' the widow, with seeming kindness. "You see by. that letter that thirty thousand' pounds was given by your fathef to mine to. renounce Ihis right to Clovelly. I'm not bound by his deed, but I will return that sum on your wedding day, and so I told Sir Philip Walsingham just now.' ' It was.generous of you, certainly; and what did he say ?' 'I have told you, his words were cruel and unkind. S' Still I wish to hear them.' " Very weil. First o all he said he had only flirted with you and never meant to marry you.' Carrie seemed t- shrink with- agony into half her natural size, but she uttered no sound of pai~i, and her cousin went 'nThen he said as you were fond of him he might have married.you had.you been mistress of Clovelly, btit he should• never think of doing' so with the bar. sinister ag'ainst your' name.'' 'What. a ' chivalrous man ! Thank heaven no one' asked him sto 'marry me excedpt you, and of your sincerity, and love, my dead father, were he alive, he could, no doubt, answer better :than I buttremember Hilda : "Though the mills of Heaven grind alowly, Yet they griod exoeedine small, ' . : Though with patienoo He stands waiting, With exaotices grinds He all. . ' When the. day ot reckoning" comes;, and the 'ghosts rise up to condemn.n you, remember my warning.' :: ' " ' 'And without another word. Carrie .left the oom. .. , . '.What will she do now,' pondered Hlilda. ' But the' questioni was answered more pprdriptly ttian she expected, for 'on her return from Wembury, where she went to see Dr. Bristol, she was met with the information that Miss Carrie had left the Court, gone to Plymouth the servants believed, had elected to travel alone, and 'had gone without leaviig word as to when she'would return. ' What an idiot !' was Hilda's comment. In her case'I 'woild have foughtt tb.lthe last. But I, at any rate, am well rid ;of her.' : With which she sat down to dminei, as though'the lodss of a couisin were a very trifling affliction.. i :.;.: i, .*: .- . : CIHAPTER .XVII . THE: night mail. from Plymouth to London starts at 7.45, and 'this Carrie Carew resolved to travel by. Her interview with hercousin had stung her almost beyond endurance.' To be offered to Sir Philip Walsingham, and refused by him, was in itself :an intolerable outrage and indignity ;'-but to be a dependant upon Hilda Kempson's bounty, to live with the, brand of shame upon her in the same hobise, over which she had hitherto; been rithe"b honoured mistress, was a humiliation which nothing eartlily would have induced her to submit to.. ' :: ;-, : . :i ' Now I can :understand Lady. Mary's letter,' she thought, bitterly 'She has heard of imy wrongs, and flown to the- rescue; but I could not go to her,. I can..never look o0n the face of an old.friend again, if this is true.' Then she ordered hieri travelling boxes, .and with her own hands;began to assist in packing up her wardrobe, and the. things she' considered her own and intended ,to take. with her. But one is never quite independent of one's fellow-creatures, and Carrie found that she could not even get away'from the Court.without some assistance, any' more ,than she fourid it possible to avoid giving a reason for her sudden journey. 'Where are you going' to, Miss Carrie,;' asked Mrs. Winstaywith determination. : Never. mind, I am ,going, . that is enough ; andI don't wish ':anyone to go with, or follow me ? !You will excuse me,' Miss' Carrie, btit I should not be doing, my duty .if I 'let you go'away like this. and go where you will, unless it is ?to the house" of some friend, I will go too,' ?. ' What I Iam disobeyed already,, Win sitay, and by you?; exclaimed Carrie, with both pain and reproach in her voice, 'It's. only for your' own sake, 'Miss Carrie, .you've been dreadfully put out about something, and you are doing an unwise thing in going away now; you've never been anywhere without a servant to attend you in your life, and I should be blamed by everyone who heard of it, if you went away now, without even saying where you are going or taking a maid or footman with you.' ' Well, I will tell you ; I had a letter from Lady Mary Mockton this 'morning, asking me to go and sec her, and I am going to London by the night mail from Plymouth. Now don't worry me any more; you may come and see me off. if you like, but I won't have anyone to go with me.'. . .. S' Shall I telegraph to say you are com ing ?'" asked the .housekeeper,', but half convinced :. . , ". 'No, I have written.. Help me to pack this trunk, or get something for me'to eat, Winstay. I shan't be here to 'dinner,' and then Carrie went into the nekt room, and Mrs. Wiostay knew well enough that she would be able to get nothing satisfactory from her. 'I'll see lier off, of course; .but I'm almost inclined-to follow her,' mused the: hbusekeep-r. '*What will she do reach ing London at four o!clock in the morni ing addalone, too? Besides, suppose she has writ!ten, Lady Mary won't .get the letter in time for anybody to meet her. I'll follosi her, or I'll telegraph, that's" certain.' With" which resolution Mrs. Winstaa' ordered the cook to .serve up as good a dinner as shbe could ,pon isuch short notice. . . .. . ' . . : .. . * : An hour later, and one of the Carew spring carriages, followed by ia light spring, cart laden with Carrie's luggage, started fror the Court on its way to :Plymouth, a full two hours' drive. ' .. '.- !. '.We shall be in tinice to catch the train, I hope,' said the yourig lady, -inxiously. :'Oh yes, in good time,. Miss Carrie; but- when are you coming back again?' f lnenm. am again mistress of .?oveliy Court,' was the: reply; 'until thenr you need not expect to see me.' 'But Miss Carrie,' urged the: house keeper. * My dear Winstay, don't wvorry . me,' was the instant reply, ' I know what I:am about; no one can control me. If Hilda's vile story is true, nc one has a legal, tright to control me; if it is not, still I am of age and my own mistress; and in. this case I will not be interfered with-I will go my own way. . I am nearly mad with the wrongs and indignities.that have been heaped upon me.' ' I should never get mad with anything Mrs. Keremson could say,' returned the housekeeper, with supreme contempt, ' I should only take care that she never med dled with my food. I am surprised at you,'Miss Carew. I would respect my father and mother's memory too niuch to be driven like an outcast from their home it I were you.' . ' It'never was my mother's horme ' re torted the girl, passionately; ' If.I had known her, it would have been different.' '.It would have'been her home if she had not died,' said the housekeeper, gravely. ' Think a moment, Miss Carrie; was your father "a man to sail under false pretences, or do what he was ashamed for the,world to know? If there had been a stain upon your birth do ydtu think that you would'ever have lived at the Court, or that your coming of age would have been celebrated as it was?' ' I don't knIw, Winstay; I want to get away. Don't talk to me, I have been wronged, insulted; I cannot tell you, I dare not even think of it. I will write to you,: or you will hear: from me through Lady Mary; but don't say any. more; I' feel as though no physical pain could ever equal the agony I suffer.,: A.'nd you' will write to me ,::Miss C a lrie ?'-' Y; 'Yes.," . ... -'And theA there was; sile?ie until the carriage drove into the Great .Western Station at Plymouth. Only ten minutes' 'for trunks to be labelled, tickets, to be' obtained--for of, couise there was three, times as much: luggage as the company allowed one pasn senger-and Carrie had-takedn her seat, keeping.the housekeeper close to the car riage until it rolled out'of the station with the rest of the. train, -and Mrs. Winstay'l figure was the last familiar one that she saw as she drifted off like an aimless flower upon the eddying stream of life. ' Going with her.is out of the question,' thought that worthy `woman, as 'she watched. the train slowly leave the station; h but it's not too late to telegraph, 'ind I'll tell'Lady Mary to send'a servant to Pad dington to meet her.': And irn pursuance of her resolution' she went to the telegraph office' and 'sent 'off her message, being assured it wvould'reach its..destination in hlialf n- hour; ' Then, withl her mind sbmewhat relieved h's: to the fate of her young mistress, she', went to Clovelly Court to begin a new term of service' under one whom she both :sus pecteed and despised. - ' Chance, swhich, serves us oft when our deep:plots do pall,' was in Carrie's: favour to- 'ighbt. The telegram which Mrs. Win stay had sent did not reach its destination `until ten o'clock the next morning, for Master Tommy Shirkall, a youth of some twelve :years of age, employed by the Postal Telegraph to take the pink slip, of paper from the office to the house where it was directed, was.. this night suffering frorh toothache, his feet were wet, the rain was' falliong. heavily, Monckton Cottage,, Lady: Mary's house, was lhalf-a-mile' off, and .Master Tommy, had visions. of his mother's cosy fire-side, and the hot soup she had promised him for his supper.: Tbe soup mu?ist be ready by this tirme,ihe: would.: not have to return 't the' office again" for. the night, and perhaps ' from: familiarity, being thoroughly unimpressed withb. the. importance of a .telegraim Master .Tommy., put it in his. pouch, trudged home to his soup, and forgot 'all about the precious missive until he was on his' way to the office. the next :isrning. To take it thens would make him' late int putting in his .appearance; so he :must: wait' until chance took him irs the same . direction, . lisen . he could fulfil his neglected duty, aid as I have observed, this.did not happen until ten' o'clock?ijust as Laidy Mary had finished iher :break: fast.-,:l Meainwhile the-:mailitrain, briiging Carrie Carew in it,:was dashiig .i'on?ards towards London. , ' Eiight' hours I The tiie "'eemed I: though it would never pass.". ,: ' Thanks 'to: Mrs... Winstay's .judicious tipping of the : guard, Carrie' had ý'the carriage to herself, ihnd could' lie' do;wn upon the-cushions, and wrap herself up in her rugs, but'she could not sleep.I. Her brain was in too excited a condition ifor that, and even when she dozed off for a few minutes she .woke. up again with a terrified scream, feeling as though some one were trying to choke her. It seemed the longest <night she had ever passed, before the train :stopped at Exeter, and the guard came to ask her if she would like.any refreshment. -'.Yes, a cup of coffee, if you please,' wasthe reply,. and she drank it when brotight to her, though it was nauseous stuff. Then, as the train started again, she lay down upon the extemporisedr bed of cushions, wrapped herself up warmlly, and fell into a deel sleep, The swaying of the train acted upon her overstrained nerves like the rocking of an infant in its carefully slung cot, and she slept on and on, dreaming but vaguely of Philip hVal. singham and Frederick Mornckton, a dream inw 'hich the two got inextricably mixed, when she'was suddenly aroused from it by the carriage-door being opened, and a gruff voice saying, as though in protest at having: to. be awake and out of bed at such an unearthly hour. 'Your ticket, miss?' After some 'delay the ticket was pro. duced, taken away, and the train and its occupants allowed to: proceed on their way to Paddington. In" those few minutes between the taking of the tickets and final stopping of the, train, Carrie Carew pulled herself together, as it were,- and faced her position.. Hlere :she was in: London without a friend :or protector, for any friend who could.help her she resolved not tn ta . tie- irst question toat one would naturally: have .upposed. would hav? roubled her was, .' Where should she go? iut on the contrary, it was,' How should sheimanag'e so that no clue to her where. abouts could be discovered. She had.but a few minutes in which to nakeup her miod; but by the time the rain stopped her, resolve was taken. ' Where do you. want to go, madam?' asked the- iobliging guard, as stiffened and cramped she stepped out of the train at Paddington.' -'To Victoria Station,' was the immediate eply. Not without some difficulty and :prsuasion -were Carrie's eight boxes mounted upon a four wheeled cab. She had notryet learned that to success. fully hide one's sell, the fewer possessions the individual seeking oblivion possesses the h ttr ' It was not quite five o'clock when the cab, so laden with luggage that it looked as though it would fall over, being top heavy, .reached Victoria Station, and here the young lady had them put in the cloak room; paid the cub- driver, then went to inquire for the earliest train going to Clapham Junction.. . Fortunately for herself, Carrie Carew had been in London a great many times, therefore the highways and byewaysofthe great metropolis were'not quite unknown to her.' The first train going to Clapham June tion would not start until 6.50, she bad thus nearly, two hours to wait, and she found the time in the smoky little waiting room hang heavily enough. It approached at last as all things that one patiently waits for must, and then Carrie went to re-claim her luggage, get her ticket, and wait for the train to start, While the boxes stood on the platform, however, unnoticed as it seemed by any. one, she deliberately changed the \Y at the end of her surname, into Y, thus making the name look like Miss Carey, instead of Miss Carew, and satisfied that this would for a time mislead anyone who should seek her, .she once more started upon her aimless way. Clapham Junction was soon reached, and here, trusting herself to the guidance of afriendly porter, -she and her luggage were taken to the Railway Star, a com. fortable hotel, where she was readily pro. vided with breakfast. and a bed, her un usual amount of -liggage being taken as a guarantee of her respectability. But she could not remain hete many .hours. Breakfast, a long sleep, a refreshing bath, and then, re-invigorated, she started once "more. ::She' was going back again to London:: :this.time, however, she wreot to Waterloo Stat;on, and leaving herluggage there, she' walked out to find that by no means eisily discovered desideratum, a respectable lodging for a single woman, This was, however, what Carrie Carew, until now the mistress of Clovelly Court, had come to. , . CHAPTER XVIII. \WATERLOO ROAD,. three o'clock in the afternoon, on a damp, muggy day in No vember, presented about as great a con rast to the hills and valleys of Clovelly and the stately magtifiicence of the Court, as it was very well possible to find,' And .yet, but twenty-four hours bad laipsed:-since' Carrie entered the blue drawing-room to: speak to her cousin to tlie present moment when she started on foot from the railway station to seek a room or shelter, which for a time, at least, she should call her home. A most unfortunate locality in nhich to ook for what .she wanted, but of this Car rie was .ignorant. The line back from Clapham Junction to Waterloo Station had struck her'as being the most con venient, and here she had come to look for lodgings and bide herself. ?Following the stream of pedestrians rather than from any definite idea or in ention of h'er owii, Carrie walked towards he river, looking vainly about for anything hat was at all likely to stuit her. B . there was such a noise and bustle, such a hurrying to and fro, that thecountry girl grew bewildered, and at one point in attemptnrig to cross the road, she became so confused, that she would have certainly have been run over, if a policeman, per :eiving her danger, had not rushed to her rescue and dragged her somewhatrpougbh on to the pavement. :' Can't you see where your going ?' he asked, in an injnred tone, ' do you arl o get killed !' ' No, I am very much obliged to oar I have never been in London alone be or'e.;'as you have been so kind, perhtps you can tell me where to look for lodgings Slthought they were everyswhere, but I can't see any.' :''You'll get no decent lodgings without uggag.,'. wass the. brusque, suspicious eply.. , . - 'Oh,'I have plenty of luggage at the rilwiway station.' ' ,'.Well; this is a rum neighbourhood for ,a lady to be looking for lodgings in, but I 'piose ' 'you know your business best. There's Stamford-Street, and plenty of odgings to let in it; only mind the kind of ;house you get into. There's a house abbout a dozen doors down on the other ide, she's a rough Iard old woman that keeps it, but she's decent. I can't mind he number, but you will see a card in the vindow. I see it when I passed an hour ago,' 'Oh thank you very . much ?' ?, nlipping a half crown into the policemans Iand, she crossed to the north side di :tamford Street. Policeman X. Y., looked aiter ,?t, sa hen at the coin in his palm, doubtlull. ' Something wrong here,' he multtered no paint about her; run away frOm riends, perhaps; if I wasn't on duty Id go and help her to find lodgings; if she goes to Itlother Thompson's, however, Il safe to see her again. TO 1!E CONTINUED. Priulstd it publiliea by Th'ioas I?)?it, rI 1 *1^tsstior ^ | 0511 