THE "ISLAND OF JEWELS. By Charlotte Montefiobe. (Concluded Jrora pafjf, 120.) "V/'RESIM was the first to leave the garden ; the flowers Y became scarcer upon Ids path, the trees few and dwarfed, until they disappeared, and Yresim found himself upon the unshel tered moor. Surprised and sorrowful, Yresim turned a tearful eye to the pleasant scenes he had <piitted, where his former companions were still revelling among sweet-scented bowers ; but soon he brushed away the unmanly tear, and reading the words engraved on his casket, which seemed to act as a talisman upon his spirit, walked unrepiningly on. As he proceeded, the climate appeared to change, a cold wind swept over the desolate moor, and Yresim folded his cloak around him ; but it had b'-'-n torn by some brambles on the road, and it did not seem to shield him from that chilling blast; he shivered with cold, and his face looked pale and pinched. The path became, too, more and more rugged. Yresirn's feet were often cut by sharp stones, and he limped as if in pain. At last, overcome by cold and sufferirg, the lonely traveller seemed to me to he measuring with his eye the distance that separated him from the western limit of the island, and he sighed repeatedly when he saw how long it still was ; and then he turned to his casket, but its crystal was dimmed by those heavy sighs, and he tried now in vain to decipher the words which were written in it. And then uri expression of anguish came over him, and he looked to the right and to the left at the more fortunate travellers, whose paths, unlike his, were pleasant and cheerful, with a look of envy, almost of hate. " Ah ! why can I not follow them ?" he murmured ; " why are they allowed to bask in the sunshine, and I forced to strive against this biting wind? Where is thy justice, great King? where thy mercy?" Yresim now found himself at the foot of a steep hill, and my heart hied for the poor weary traveller, with such a I arrier to cross, and not even the pleasant words in his casket to cheer him on his way. Ho began the ascent with trembling lirnhs and downcast eyes, and his pallor seemed to increase with every step, and his cloak to become more tattered and useless. Suddenly a hustling sound attracted his attention, and, looking up, he saw at a little distance from him, but in the same rugged, difficult path which ho was so painfully treading, a fellow-traveller. The latter bore the same Higns as Yresim of cold, want, and fatigue; hut yet, strangely enough, I thought he did not look unhappy. He was diligently employed picking up stones. These I soon perceived to be precious gems, which arranged themselves into glittering words Upon his casket, and 1 read on it " Resignation " and " Fortitude." And these words reflected such a beautiful light upon the traveller's thin, pale face, that I. felt more admiration than compassion for him. IIih example wan not lost upon poor Yresim, and ho, too, began searching for thoHu blessed stones, for some time, however, without success. Having observed that the traveller repeatedly consulted tho words in his casket, ho turned to his, and wiped away the moiHture from tho crystal, which became clear and transparent again. Yresim then read with avidity the words which had so long been hidden from him, and as he read and pondered on their meaning 1 thought his face became more hopeful, and soon I saw some piecious stones glittering in his hands, and ho placed them on his casket, and I read there in emerald letters, "Trust," " Faith," and l< Courage." Tho hill was still high and steop, hut Yresim murmured no more, and in the most rugged spots he generally found some gem or other, so that by tho timo ho hud rf ached the summit his casket was richly adorned. And now he has gained tho platform, and he looks back on the way bo bad toiled up with an expression of satisfaction, nay, almost of pleasure; then, turning to the radiant west, repeats a short but fervent thanksgiving. Tho descent was easy—though hero and there wero brambles— and, on tho whole, the path was smooth and pleasant; but Yresim was now near tho end of his journey, and the island, with its pleasant spots and dreary wastes, must soon be left for ever. I perceived that tho western shore whs very different from the onstorn. Here there wero no beautiful gardens, with variegated flowers glowing in tho sunshine, hut quito sluidy groves instead ; and through the brunches of tho dark trees Yresim gazed into the deep blue heavens. And now ho is so near tho shore that he hears tho waves boating against it, and feels the ocoan's damp breath upon his brow, and his casket shines brighter than ever, as, with it clasped in his uplifted hands, ho mounts tho golden arch, and— but I strained my eyes in vain, I could follow him no more. I then tried to discover his two early companions. They had both loft the garden wlmro X had first seen them. Learsi was walking in a deep valloy, whioh led to a dark forest, and Felicia was crossing a sunny meadow, fragrant with flowers from clime. Hero tho bluebell and primroHO grow under the shado of the pomogrnnato, tho whito flowers of tho myrtle received a slight blush from tho scarlet poppy beside them, and the anemone and colandino mingled their fresh field perfume with the richer oclour of tropical plants, < l^olioia looked bright and happy as whon I last had seen her; • robos of tho softest material -hung in; ample folds around her graceful form, and her waving hair, on which sunbeams seemed to' be ever gleaming, formed a fitting frame of gold for her fair dimples face, the very type of joyous beauty. • The absent are often brought as vividly to mind by contrast as ' by resemblance ; and when I saw this beautiful being gliding' along the fiowery meadow, the pale attenuated form of Yresim appeared before me, wrapping his tattered cloak about his shivering limbs, and almost involuntarily I repeated his cry of despair— j " 0, King, where is thy justice V' Felicia, in the meantime, was adorning herself with flowers, | rainbow garlands were twined around her white garments, and a j wreath of dark violets enhanced the brightness of her hair, and j before these had time to fade, she had culled fresh ones from that - [ paradise of flowers. As I continued watching her, however,'I , | thought I could discover symptoms of weariness, or rather discon tent; she would sometimes throw away her fairest wreaths— trampling thern under foot, and would eagerly choose other flowers, of rarer growth, perhaps, or richer scent, but these likewise were soon exchanged for new ones, which seemed, in their turn, to please but for a very short time. But at last, although she con- : tinued to gather and arrange the flowers which grew so profusely" around her, all pleasure and zest in the occupation appeared gone,' listlessly she picked those fragrant blossoms, and listlessly scattereci them ayain. She now entered a grove of orange trees, and as she walked' ' through that golden shade I thought a degree of joyousness seemed to return to her. The rich clustering fruit, the mossy carpet she wa3 treading on, and the canopy of green branches, upon which birds of wonderful plumage, and insects which must have been winged gems, were darting about like meteors in a northern sky, formed a novel scene, which appeared to interest and please her; the long- absent smile parted her lips again, and her' eyes shone with something of their former lustre. But why does she start and turn pale, and bend her head forward as though she were listening to some ill-boding sound 1 I can only hear the murmur of rippling water. But as that sound grows louder, her alarm seems also to increase ; she looks back, and tries to retrace her steps, but the pitiless east wind whispers hoarsely " onwards," and with trembling limbs she procepds. But as she walks on, the ' oranges wither, and dead leaves fall noiselessly but sadly to the ground. In a few moments she has passed the now mournful grove, but she has not entered the bright sunshine again • heavy clouds darken the sky, and a thick mist has arisen, veiling the* landscane within its impalpable curtain. Felicia looked neither at the clouds nor at the mist, for there, but a few yards before her, was the cold, dark wave, and each' unwilling, tottering step she took brought her nearer to it. The poor faded flowers fell one by one from the form they had adorned, and under garlands and wreaths appeared Felicia's till then unheeded casket; for the first time she now examined it, but the* stains of flowers rendered it almost impossible to decipher any of the words engraven on it. Alas! alas! where can she look for consolation, for help? Above are the angry heavens—behind, the scenes she may not return to—before her the fatal water, reflecting the dark clouds, and bounded by the mysterious mist. Tears, hot, scalding, tears, fell from that disconsolate one, and I heard, though indistinctly, from her pale, quivering lips, words of sorrow, fear and remorse. And now her feet touched the dreaded' brink, and Boon the silent wave encircled her, and a fearful strngg'e onsued between that fragile being and the ever-deepening waters. Every moment she sank deeper and deeper, and at last I could only perceive a white speck upon the dull grey water. But the mist gradually cleared away, and I discovered at no great distance the opposite bank; thus, it was not the great boundless ocean, after all, but only one of the rivers of the island, and Felicia, the same, yet how unlike, appeared mounting with difficulty the slippery bank. The work of years had been accom plished in that short space of time, for youth, mirth and beauty' had departed from her. Felicia's eyes were bent upon her casket, which had regained much of its original purity—the water of the river, or her tours, perhaps, had washed off many of its stains, but it was adorned with no preoious stones, and as the traveller gazed sorrowfully at it, she whispered faintly, " Not one single jewel have I found during my long pilgrimage." But at that moment something shone upon the bunk, like fallen tears among the weeds ; Felicia stooped, however, took up the sparkling drops, and placed them on her casket, where they formed the word " Humility." "Whilst thus employed, she met Learsi, her old companion in the Bpring garden. Toil and grief had left their ineffaceable marks upon him, but there was beauty still in the pale lofty brow, all furrowed as it was, and in the bright unquonched fire of his eye. An exquisite light shone upon his face, and seemed to throw a halo of glory and purity around him. This beautiful light emanated from his casket, which was covered with jewels ; among ' them, but larger and brighter than uny, shining like stars taken • from heaven's own mine, appeared the words " Ohaxity " and "Brotherly Love." Felicia seemed attracted by their dazzling beauty, and begged ' Loarsi to toll her how and where lie had found such matchless gems,- " Matchless they are by no mbans," replied Learsi,' " there are many larger and finer in the island; and if you search;' for them, following the written directions of our King, you will, ; doubtless, find them, But, tell me, where have you been since we parted, and what have you acquired to take back to the Monarch who Has sent us I" Felicia hung her head as she pointed to her poorly-adorned casket, and then related to him the scenes that I had witnessed, " Yes, yes," exclaimed Learsi, when she had finished, " we are Btrangely blind, and our eyes must be rudely opened by the cold blast on the moor, by the fearful waters of the river, or by the sharp fingers of thorns and brambles, or we see not the jewels around us." " What becomes, then," said Felicia, " of those whose path is ever among flowers V " Where is that path V' replied Learsi, " No traveller in the jewelled isle ever has found it yet methinks." "Ah," returned Felicia, with a sigh, " we are sent indeed upon a hard dismal journey." " Hard and dismal truly we might cull it, notwithstanding its beautiful eastern garden, its many sweet-scented glades, and its glorious views, were not priceless jewels the reward of our toil and pain. Do not let us malign this island where are found the talismans without which the gates of our distant radiant home will never open to us." " But you have not told me where you found those precious gems," said Felicia, " and I am all impatience to learn." " I had wandered through many varied scenes," began Learsi, " when I found myself in the middle of a large gloomy forest; my thoughts wore as dark as the atmosphere around me, which received no light from the sun, but was only fitfully illumined by the fire fly and glow-worm. Whilst I was thinking how sad and dismal was my path, I heard half-stifled sobs of some poor travellers, who seemed btill more affected than I was by that strange darkness. And I felt intense pity for my fellow-pilgrims, and tried with all my might to clear away the close entangled brambles, so that they might proceed at least without pain, if without pleasure; and though the work was hard, and made my hands bleed, and the good I effected was not great, I fancied I heard fewer groans, and I certainly felt less miserable myself. And now I made the invaluable discoveiy of an axe, strong and sharp, with which I cub away the hanging branches in all directions. " My followers had certainly now a much clearer path before them; and as I rested for a moment from my labours, I listened for words of thanks and praise from them, but I was only greeted with ironical cheers and cries of * If I had your axe and your strength, I Bhould not be contented with lopping a few miserable boughs, but whole trees should lie prostratp, and you should all breathe the fresh air and see the pure light of day. "Angry and disheartened, I was half-inclined to throw away my. axe and give up such thankless work, but fortunately for me I received a wholesome rebuke from a poor little glow-worm which had been rudely thrust away by one of my fellow- travellers, with the nngry exclamation, • Begone, foolish insect, what use is your dim lamp ; it only makes our darkness more dreary by reminding us of the light we have lost." But the glow-worm returned to its path, and continued to give its feeble light, mocked and laughed at by some, thanked by a few, and useful in its little way to all. " Shamed by the poor little glow-worm's example, I went on hacking away with all my strength at the thick ivy-grown branohes, and at last I actually succeeded in making a gap through which a ray of light descended like a message of hope, and it shone upon a heap of those gems," continued he, pointing to the word " Love " on his casket, " and I took up some and placed them there to carry to our king. " When at last I came out of that deep forest I felt very happy, but I resolved, wherever I might bo, to work for my poor fellow travellers, and I always found something to do—now throwing away Blmrp stones from a rugged path, now planting upon some unsheltered common a little seedling, which, if watered with heaven's dew, may grow into a goodly tree, and give shade .and pleasure to some future pilgrim. " We cannot," continued Learsi, " disperse the clouds that often throw their dark shadow over us, nor have wo the power to stay the whirlwind, the icy blast and the raging torrent, but we may do muoh to adorn our island and to smooth our fellow-travellers'way, and in doing so we shall be doubly blest—we shall find the jewels for which our King has sent us hither, and, when we meet our fellow-travellors beyond the oceun, we shall meet in love those for whom we spent love and care on our journey here." " Would that I might also work for my fellow-travellers," exclaimed Kelicia ; "but what can I do? I can only benefitthein as a warning not to waste their time and energies in culling flowers whiob, at best, must wither and die. How can these hands, which have been only used to weave garlands, wield an axe, or even uproot one of those strong brambles?" and she raised her small thin hnnds beforo Learsi. "We are not all called upon to out down trees,mor to tear up brambles," he replied ; " our strength, our opportunities, our .very paths are different, and different also must be our labour ; but nevor will an earnest worker remain unsatisfied. When you were walking in that meadow, might you not have gathered some of its flowers, not to adorn yourself, but to transplant to some less favoured spot, where they would have cheered the lonely traveller" with their beauty and fragrance? Then you would not have felt the weariness of satiety, nor would your caBket have been Btained by the profusion of blossoms which you heaped upon it." "Alas! alas!'' exclaimed Felicia, "what might I not have done ? Would that I could return and make a better use of those • scattered flowers !" "To return is impossible," said Learsi; "but the withered blossoms need not be wholly lost; let them live in your memory, and they will not havfe bloomed or died in vain." Though the travellers continued to walk and converse together, I could not hear their further discourse, but I perceived that Felicia listened, with almost reverential attention to the words of her companion, and often tried to imitate his actions. Sometimes she would pick up weeds which were trailing on the path; some~ times she lent her little strength to his greater power to remove a heavy mass of stone, and repeatedly would she copy upon a leaf, or trace upon the sand,Jthe words engraved on her casket, in order, I imagined, that any poor traveller whose casket, like hers had once been, was dimmed and soiled, might find some comfort in his path, and directions for the discovery of jewels. But now there are tears in Felicia's eyes, and Learsi, too, looks sad, and they eeera to be bidding each other adieu. The sound of Felicia's voice died away before it reached me, but I understood - the import of those unheard words; I saw anguish written on that pale face, and I felt that the greatest of all trials was now rending that poor heart; she must part from her guide and protector, and without love or sympathy toil on alone to the end'' of her journey. " Grieve nob so deeply," urged Learsi, " but let us be more" diligent than ever in the search of jewels, for the way is short, and we shall soon hear the ocean's roar, and, dear Felicia," he added, " once crossed the golden arch, we shall meet again in a land far more blessed than this island; for has nob our King told us that at His right hand are pleasures for evermore?' Remember," he continued, as she bowed her head with the grief that would not be subdued, "remember that sorrow endureth for a night, bub joy cometh in the morning." And as Learsi disap peared my eyes seemed to become dim, £ could distinguish nothing' distinctly, and I tried in vain to follow Felicia's shadowy form. I could, however, still discern her casket glittering through the hazy atmosphere; and every now and then a new gem gleamed upon it, like the stars in the twilight hour, which greet us one by one with their radiant glances. Ab last, however, I lost sight even of the casket. The hills and trees seemed to melt into air, the travellers became cloudless, and the land began to undulate like the surrounding water. In another moment the Island of Jewels had vanished, but it left a track of gold and fire, as though a band of rubies was glittering under the transparent ocean. The sun was setting in all its fantastic glory, a monarch wrapped in his purple mantle, illumi nating earth and sky with lights of every hue, which shono a ■ bright farewell, and then expired as he departed. The fresh breeze and sober grey which succeeded all those magical tints warned me that it was also time for me to depart, and to return to the realities and duties of home. Unlike the" bright hour at which I had left my room, now all wore the dark, monotonous livery of evening; the gay flowers of my gardea were almost concealedj under the deep shadows of their foliage, and my white cottage, peeping out through its dark screen of trees, looked like the ghost of its former self rising from its cypress churchyard. But, fortunately, I was also changed since the morning, and my heart was now full of peace and content, and yet I returned to the very same vexations and disappoint ments which had saddened me a few hours ago; care and sorrow had not vanished from the face of the world since noon, poverty aud sickness were still around me 3 what made me, then, feel so • blithe and cheerful now! Was it that the Island of Jewels had taught me an old bub too often forgotten lesson, that we are not sent here to bask in the sunshine of happiness, no, nor even to seek it, but to toil after and win those precious gems, Faith, Love, - Charity, Truth, Courage, and Fortitude, which can hardly be discovered in the noonday of prosperity, but which gleam upon us from the dark night of sickness and of sorrow 1 I no longer thought myself like a poor flower planted in an adverse soil, which might have flourished in a more genial one, for I felt that when ever those jewels might be found, there was a post of honour; that a glorious task was before me, which required all my energy and strength; aud that mercy and righteousness rule our destiny here, though we are often too blind to see, or too ignorant to recognise, the heavenly messengers sent to lead us to our God. • At Dresden there has just died a man who was beloved by all for his unallected piety and liberal principles—the court preacher, Dr. Kohlschutter, of whom the late Chief llabbi of Dresden was a bosom friend. Ab the time of the Russian persecution of the:* Jews, deceased warmly espoused the Jewish cause in the pu'pit-— an. example which was followed by most of tho Protestant clergy' in Saxony. 