ae80theh ihurphy eons to umr. THE iPET OF THE SYDNEY POOLS G-OIEI© DOWN. M&BBB; MflKEQ DaUDY JACK POLLER QOII. (BY " SMIJ.br.") " Say, Smiler," " Well, my sporting sorlbe." " Ib that long, thin, consumptive looking orossbred going to fight Jack Fuller, owr Jack, Dandy Jaok, the hurricane fighter, kuv ux toe pooia r " Yon've struok it right, pard, ho is going to fight, he ain't going to fool "any, yon may bet your Bhlrt on that for sure.'' "Well, Smiler, if yon ain't a better jndge of oysters than yon are of fighters I'd sooner eat hay than join yon at supper. Why tho Sydney Pet '11 jnst waltz np an' biff, bang on ribs an' jaw, and the sad- stops him as easily as if he was a novice, ana tnen left and right on 6. month and ear. The " Shadow " deals it ont so qniok that faced creature you've rung in on as from the Bilver- fields will wilt away like a policeman's smile when he tries to lisp the truth." "Just so, you are a judge of pugilists j yon know all abont 'em, and can pick 'em before they're matohed. I am only a Bore-souled crank from waybaok, and don't pro fess to know a heap abont it; but I opine this lad's going to win. I don't know anything, mind, I only think it, and when this mill is wonnd np the lightweight ohampion of Broken Hill will be so near top tbat yon'll hardly say ho has not won." "Go along and learn something; why the Syd ney pet is in great fix. He is ten times as strong as yonr shadow. He hits like the Angel of Death, and so often in a round I that the machine that can tally his blows has nob been invented yet. For j ten rounds he can emother | all the fighters in his class ! that have yet out their teeth. He is one of the moBt experienced page under the Southern Cross, and as cunning as a fox with two tail?, and yet you have run the club into backing a concern without a backbone, with out a record, quite un- . known to anyone but yourself, against this phe nomenon. Say 'Smiler/ hadn't yon better give up the game an' try the gospel mill. You don't know a fighter from a frost-bitten beer ping." "That may bo, pards, it may be. I was always a simple ohild, bnt see, they're going to fight." " Ah, good boy, Fuller j splendid left in the month. . Toe to toe they stand. The Shadow ' drives a fearful left on the dial, and like a snnbeam flash ing through a storm-cloud, aoross came the right fair on the ear. Fuller reels. No flinohing now. The eyes of the most seleot audience in Australia are on you, gallant boyB. Grandly done, Jaok; fair on the mark. Heavens, what a dandy left the " Shadow " has. The pet of Sydney rushes in and trieB his left Btab for the mark, and his renowned swine for tho 1 jaw ; the unknown the eyo of man can scarcely follow it. Ho comes again ; he is clcse up, and Dandy Jaok dashes tho right across like a streak j of double- distilled lightning, but the ! lantern jaw of the up-country ghost glides j calmly under the messenger, and again tbat fiendish left smashes the ' pet of tho pools with fearful force. f£ Above the roar of the orowd the time keeper's melodious howl sweeps like a mid night breeze through tho back gah a of a cemetery. Towels are busy; ice. Rhisky, and lemons nro on the job ; and then once more e two superb fighters are in front of . each other. Fuller wastes not a moment, bnt dashes at his man with both hands going like a woman on the road to rnin. The " Shadow " glides ont of danger as coolly as if he was in churob, for he was in his element, and then with a vioions "hiss " his left drove the " Pet" whiz backwards,, but he was right on tbo job in an instant. There were a number of lightning exohanges on both sides, and B— — ma-am for the first two minutes it was even honors all round. Fuller at last got an opening, and sending in the left with a sickening thnd fall on the nose he made the "Shadow" reel as if stricken by a cyclone, but he got a tremendous punoh on the ear from tho " Shadow's " right as he oame in again. Corners fonnd both lads glad of the respite ; Jim Hall and Co. left no stone untamed during tho spell io get the great city oraok round again, while Con Sail! van and Jim Divis did all that could bo done with the skeleton on wires. As soon as thoy got together a grand left count ar took pl'aoe, and then Fuller tried his phonomenal rushes; but he had mot a greater general than has been seen in the prizo-ring of Sydney , before. All ronnd the ring professional : pugilists and athletes were sitting. They i had vowed that Fuller was the trickiest man on earth for ten rounds, and now they saw the raw lad from Broken Hill out- generalling him and oat-fighting him. and their mouths began to open until they looked like a circle of olams perohed on a rock on a hot day, with the shells open waiting for the tide to rise. And w'ren in tho next ronnd Maber nearly lifted the " Pet " off his feet with a terrifio left drive on the dial, Griffo's month got so far open that his off ear fell into the cavity. From this to round 16 was a game and bitter battle, but the " Shadow " was on top all the way. The " Pet1' struggled hard to turn the tide of war, bnt he had met his master. Never did Fnller fight as he fonght that night, grimly, despairingly, desperately, and his worst foe conld not have stood at that ring-side and nos have felt that he was a man , of whom any sporting com- munity might well be prond. In the sixteenth round he got a smash on the jaw that left him helpless and undone. Ho dropped his hands, his kneeB rocked under him, and he stood gazing on vacancy. The "Shadow" tightened his long, ootopns like right arm, and ovety one held their breath, bat the man who had been soeffed at and jeered at in the Sydney streets as a novioe and an npstait, instead of flattening his beaten adversary with one decisive stroke, drew baok and refoeed to hit a helpless rival. All present, even Fuller's seconds, recognised the magnani mity of the deed, and cheers rang throngh the building. It was a noble deed and proves that boxing is not the brutal game | pessimists wonld have us believe. From this to the end it was Maberis battle ; poor i Jaok was broken-hearted, bnt as soon as he was floored he orawled up again and faced the music —atnbborn, resolute, and true grit. It was a eight to make a game man's heart aohe to see him reeling over the stage, and to see the lithe, active foe worrying him incessantly. Hall asked him again and again to tarn it up, but he refused until the heavy right hand of the baok oountry boy fell orashing on his jaw, and he was counted ont for good. TUB " BHiDOW's" HISTORY. Billy Maber was born at Ganbourne, in New South Wales. Ho is of mixed Eog- lish and Itish descent. This was his first big fight. I picked him np at Broken Hill some time baok, and he gave me a privato trial which convinced me he was bnilt for a world's ohampion at his weight. He beat Alf Morgan and won the light weight ohampionship of the Barrier, a ' ' ' ' " "" "" 1 "!" 1 title whloh he is very proud of. Morgan was a beautiful boxer, but it was his first Siblio engagement, and he went under, aber had fought an unknown man atPort Adolaide prior to this, and afterwards we i went to Adelaide and with Owen Snllivan ! gave exhibitions at oountry race meetings. He is a quiet young ohap bnt very eccentric. He never looked worse in his life than he did in the ring on Wednesday night. Fit and well I think he can beat any man his weight in Australia. He possesses one quality not very oommon amongst professional athletes. He is a very grateful man to those who show him acts of kindness. His heart's desire now is to meet Jim Barge for the Light-weight Championship of Ans- \- - - ffalm. fhtiA TTTViaw 1>UAM meet, as they Barely must, I think the cleverest and best general and - the gameBt man Australia ever bred will be pitted against - each other, and the game man will go down. " ' Amongst thh Audibncb. \ In the gallery a well- known bookmaker was located. _ Ever and anon hiB musical soreeoh broke in on the solemnity of the scene with, " Good boy, Jaok, it's a monte for you now, my dandy," and when the " Shadow" let go that pile-driving left of his and got home tho bookie clapped bis band to bis month and staggered back as if he had got it and not Jaok. Then, when "the Pet" banged his right on tho ribs the layer of odds grabbed his side and groaned like a barmaid with la 'grippe. The Shadow duoked a splendid left drive and down went the bookie's head as if he was trying to dodge the Day of Judg ment. When Fuller led the "bookie" countered hard and clean at an imaginary foe, until at last, when doing a grand uppercut, be put. his fist - hard on tho ear of & neighbor, who iwi>tntly arose, and the last seen of the metallician was when - his feet turned npin the air and his head went . under tho seat. He had. . gone for a " skinner" and got it. Tom Taylor, whose affection for Fuller i la like unto that of David for Jonathan, made things very willing for all who got within six feet of Mm- . Every time Jaok missed an opening whioh Tom ' . saw, the hairy blaok- smith wonld Innge ont without taking his eyes off the fighters, and it was a common thing to see a ... spectator crawling oat ' from under a ohair holding ' his hands to the pit of his stomaoh or the small of the baok, until the demand . for porous plasters in that Vioinity was something enormons. Tom's face was a picture in plain English. His eyes flashed as the men stood wonnd up t„t a desperate rally, and his hair bristled like ' the far on the baok of- a stump-tailed ball pop. His mouth olosed grim and resolute and the nostrils dilated like the gome old war-norse ne is. unco when Maber led short, and BUghtiy overreaohed bimelf, and Faller didn't cross him with the right, Tom did it for him, and the mighty arm that is iwont to wield a sledge, swept ronnd, and seventeen heads in the vioiniiy duoked as if a railroad car had got out on a playful pleasure jaunt amongst 'em. After that Tom had abont four square yards of chairs all to himself, and he was heard oomplaining bitterly that " ft fellow's friends never stick olose to him." I can not oonolnde without saying tlat the grand behaviour of tho olub memtirn and the officials of that institution wta beyond the reach of praise. Everything ia connection with the affair was Bimply per fection, and Messrs. Bloomfleld, Corbett, and Co. are to be congratulated. A full report will appear in the Ebfebee. 4 good son does not always make a wise father. Sometimes he dies before fce is I married. < 