BEATRICE. CHARTER XVI. GEOFFREY WINS HIS CASE. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of “ Cleo patra,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] Before 10 o’clock on the following morn ing, having already spent two hours over his brief, that he had now thoroughly mas tered, Geoffrey was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in reaching, owing to the thick fog that still hung over Lon don, aud indeed all England. To his surprise nothing had been heard either of the Attorney-General or of Mr Camlleton. The solicitors were in despaii; bathe consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in time, and that a few words would suffice to explain the additional light which had been thrown ou the case. He occupied his half hour, however, in making a few rough notes to guide him in the altogether improbable event of his being called on to open, and then weut into court. The case was first ou the list, and there was a good many couuse! engaged ou the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expression of dismay, hauded Geoffrey a telegram which had that moment arrived from Mr Caudle ton. It was dated from Calais on the previous night, and ran ‘ Am unable to cross ou account of thick fog. Yon bad better get somebody else in Parsons and I ouse. 1 ‘And we haven’t got another brief pre pared, 1 sdd tin; agonised solicitor. ‘What is more, 1 can hear nothing of the Attorney- General, and liis clerk does not seem to kuinv where he is. You must n-k for an adjnunmiit, Mr Bingham; you can’t manage the case alone. 1 ‘Very well, 1 said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the cir cumstances to the court. But the court was crusty. It bad got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didu 1 ! seem to see it. Moreover the other side, marking its advantage, objected strongly. The wit nesses, brought at great expense; were there; his Lordship was there, the jury was there; if this case was not taken there was no other with which they could go on, &c.;, fcc. The court took the same view, and lec tured Geoffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court remembered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moments notice, and though things Imil, it implied, no doubt deteriorated to a con siderable extent since those palmy days, every counsel ought still to bn prepared to do so on emergency. Of course, however, if he, Geoffrey, told the court that he was absolutely unprepared to go ou with the case, it would have no option but to grant an adjournment. ‘I am peifectly prepared to go on with it, my lord, 1 Geoffrey interposed calmly. ‘Very well, 1 said the emut in a mollified tone, 1 then go on ! I have no doubt that the learned Attorney- General will arrive presently. 1 alien, as is not unusual in a probate suit, followed an argument as to who should open lt > .the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that tiiis right clearly lay' with him, and the opposing couusel raised no great objection, thinking they would do well to leave the opening in the bands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very' likely woik his side more burin than good. So, somewhat to the her rorof the solicitors, wiio thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney- General, and the unrivalled experi ence ami finesse of Mr Candieton, Genffiey Was called upmi to open the case for the defendants, propounding the first will. He rose without fear or hesitation, and with but ouc prayer in bis heart, that no untimely Attorney General would put in an lie had got bis chance, the ohaiice for which many able men have to Wait loug years, and he knew it, aud meant o make the most of it. Naturally a bril 'aut speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many 2°od speakers are, subject to fits of nervous dess, and he was, moreover, thoroughly taster of hi* ease. In five minutes : judge, jury, and couusel were all to him with attention; in 10 . e y. "ere absorbed in the lucid and ucciiict etatemeut of the facts which lie was n owing tb,-in. llis ghost theory was rst received with a smile, hut presently j'i Bl * the other side ceased to smile began to look uneasy. If he could prove jathe said, there was an end to their case. - n • 1011 10 had been speaking for about 40 rnnt a l” ne °? the °PP l; siug counsel intcr iim i n "'ith 80lno remark, and at that G “ le "| t . 1,0 noticed that the Attorney jj-'iieitj, 1 0 ' ef k was talking to the solicitor Geoffrey" U ’ 1,6 ’ S comin &’ thought o°. the solicitor bending forward h«rl 1,111 that the Attorney-General Portn 0^ ll , u, ' 0V ohl ,, -bly detained by some ini - «-:-?hter‘ mat,er ’ a!,d I,i,a rc ’ said" e 1 " C musb get on us we can, 1 Geoffrey on ® o,, tinne like that we shall get then iv . whispered the solicitor, nud ‘ Vn°'| ( 'lv" e ' v that lie was doing well. Then*r’ nghnm! 1 said liis Lordship, meat. e ‘ , y ' vcnt (,u with his state wiiotlJr I T*'1 1 '" 1 ? !t " aa a Question whether said tli . l( e howld he btiefid. Geoffrey C'lild on* 80 / l,r " s h ( ‘ "an concerned lie' the caV °" hie knew every point in note 1 f, ,-V-' U \ e 1111,1 S ot il friend to ‘ take a A ft I 1 1 1,11,1 while he was speaking, not to brief'- les ’ tat hiii the solicitors decided Cause Inn . Ir , co . u nsel at this stage of the It wool i Y ei,ve ’ k entirely in his hands, of this im f u . SO h-ss> to follow the details tivo tiav» " k i lb o ' vill Ulit i which lasted Gfofficv • "'tracted much attention. His address' 1 tn t ;i !>IU - "' ol ' ib triumphantly. 88 to 11,0 fury ou the whole case nhrlk;'ltp;t[ 