OUR IRISH LETTERS. FBOM MB- E - REDMOND, M.P. HOCBB OF COMMONS, 26th July, 1890. XHK most absolutely barren and useless a on record is rapidly drawing to a [jose, and the question which engrosses the ooblic mind at this moment is—Can the government, as at present constituted, ever ce Parliament again ? In modern times i Ministry was ever so discredited. Every plan of theirs this session miscarried. j Every legislative effort was a failure. In proportion to the demoralisation in their i ranks has been the rapidly rising selfonfidence and increasing cohesion amongst Itheir opponents. The wasting of the session Jol 1890 makes one thing quite oertain. No I serious effort,can now be made to deal with [the question of Irish local government, and, Iwhen the dissolution comes, the electors will [be once more face to face with the alternatives BO eagerly , repudiated by Tories and [Liberal-Unionists, and insisted upon by Mr, | Gladstone in 1886, namely, Coercion or (Home Bule. The most that the government Jean hope to achieve in the way of remedial I legislation is the enactment of a Land Bill. [Mr. Balfour's bill of this year is dead, and I [venture to prophesy with some confidence, (that, in the shape in which it appeared this I Eession, it will never be heard of again. {Should the Government be insane enough to freprodaoe it unamended next session, I do [not believe it would have a; ghost of a chance ] of passing into law. It would occupy the entire time of Parliament between now and (the dissolution, and it would please no [section of the population in Ireland or in [ England. The one chance the Government [have is to adopt the advice tendered to them (the other night by Mr. Parnell. Let them (reconstruct their scheme. Let them, in I the first place, make provision that the | money to be advanced by the State [is expended only upon those (classes | of estates and tenants urgently requiring (immediate relief, and thereby put an end to i scandals which have marked .the working | of the Ashbourne Act, under the provisions of which the large well- to-do landlords have sold their estates to their thriving and comfortable tenants, and the poor, encumbered, and consequently oppressive landlords and their wretched and suffering tenants are still i left to perpetuate the Irish land question and to keep alive agrarian disturbance. Let > them, in the second place, make provision that this money, which is to be secured upon | local funds, shall be disbursed only subject to : the approval of some local authorities. And let them, in the third place, by some bold and statesmanlike measure, put an end to the strife existing upon the Plan of Campaign estates and abandon the mad policy which seeks to wreak vengeance upon the tenants on these estates by excluding them I from the benefits of legislation which their I conrage and determination won for their brethren all through Ireland. Let them do this and it is possible that their Land Bill, while it will not settle the Irish land question, may, at any rate, advance a step upon the road towards that happy consummation, and may be passed into law without very much difficulty or delay. Such is, in a word, the advice tendered to the Government by Mr. Parnell. Whether they will follow it or not remains to be seen. If one had to consider solely the fate of the Ministry, one might be inclined to hope that once more they would disregard all words of warning and proceed unchecked upon their career of perversity and folly. But a man who bears upon his shoulders the gigantic responsibilities which weigh upon a nation's leader like Mr. Paroell must consider many things. Some short-sighted people at home and abroad have been inclined to wonder at the spectacle of Mr. Parnell pointing out to Mr. Balfour a means of escape from his difficulties. But the Irish leader,..! think, most people will, on a moment's reflection, admit, took a wise and patriotic course. The Government was already hopelessly and irretrievably damaged. Come what might, they should now abandon all hope of fulfilling their pledges to deal with IriBh local government. The policy of coercion, on Which they must again appeal to Great Britain, was thoroughly discredited and universally unpopular. The dissolution was tepidly approaching. Tie doom of the Government was seeded,gand could not hi the most remote way be afleoted by the, Passage of a Land Bill. On the other hand, a Land Bill, if moulded BO as to meet the three demands which lie put forward, would w of use ,and immediate relief to certain Masses of the Irish people 1 . : It would not in any way hamper the future settlement of the question. It would mean the immediate triumph and restoration to their homes of the Campaign tenants; and, in my judgment, Mr. Parnell never showed himself wiser, more far-seeing, or more truly patriotic than when he, upon these terms, offered to accept the Land Bill of Mr. Balfour. I repeat, no man knows whether or not his offer will be accepted. In any event, it will remain on record as another proof of his reasonableness and his statesmanship. The battle of the registrations is commencing, and this year in real earnest. There is to be no more playing with the matter. All sides recognise that the crisis has come, and that upon the registers of voters which will come into force of the 1st January, 1891, the most momentous general election of the century will be fought out. In Ireland, of course, the struggle is chiefly focussed in the North. . Throughout two- thirds of the country our position is so secured that the so-called Unionists only'make the faintest pretence of seriously contending with us. But in Ulster it is different. There, there is grim reality enough. At "present we hold the majority of the Ulster seats—a] majority of one. There are two or three offour seats which we hold by a somewhat precarious tenure—my brother's seat in North Fermanagh, Mr. Sexton's seat in Belfast, Mr Justin M'Carthy's seat in Derry—these are the points upon which the chief attack is to be made. In eaoh of these constituencies 100 votes one way or the other would turn the scale. On the other hand, we hope not only to hold our own, but to win back South Tyrone from Mr. T. W. Bussell, and South Derry county from Mr. Lea (the >.only two Liberal-Unionists returned from Ireland). We hope to oust the Tory from North Tyrone, and generally to improve our position at the polls all through Ulster. These conflicting hopes mean keen fighting, and already the sounds of battle are beginning to be heard. In a short time the names of the revising barristers will be published, and then we will see how far Mr. Balfour has the oourage of his convictions in seleoting " true bluea" to preside in every doubtful constituency. Two remarkable judicial pronouncements have startled the public in Ireland recently, and have attracted widespread attention in England and in Parliament. The first in importance of these is the declaration of the law of conspiracy by the Lord Chief Baron. The law of conspiracy is that portion of the oriminal law most inconsistent with the liberty of the subject. Sir James Fitzjames Stephen, probably the greatest living authority on the criminal law, has declared that a combination of two or more persons to do any act which the judges might hold to be socially or morally wrong or politically inexpedient may be held to be a criminal conspiracy. I mention this to show how the limits of this branch of the law have been constantly extending, and how deadly it might prove to the liberty of any of us, were the safeguard of trial by jury abolished. Well, in Ireland, as you are aware, trial by jury in these cases may be abolished in every instance that the Crown desireB it. During the last thTee years scores of persons have been imprisoned by the Removables on eharges of conspiracy grounded upon refusals to sell commodities to obnoxious persons. In vain we pleaded the right of exclusive dealing. The Bemovables thought exclusive dealing objectionable, and so it became a crime. In a moment of folly the Crown etermined to revert, in one test case, to the ld consitutional tribunal of trial by jury, nd five respectable traders of Gorey were eturned for trial on a charge of conpiracy to refuse to deal with the planters n the Goolgreany estate. By a strange troke of ill-luck for the Government the ase came for trial before Chief Baron alles. The Chief Baron is a great constitutional lawyer, and he has declared he law in such a way as to carry dismay into he camp of the coercionists. He has declared exclusive dealing to- be perfectly legal. t is the right of every man to deal with any trader he wishes who is willing to deal with im. It is equally the right of every trader o refuse to sell to anyone he chooses^ No combination «an torn this thing, legal itself, nto an illegal conspiracy. He defined conpiracy to be combination to'lSo a wrongful act with intent to injure, and he declared by rongful act he meant something whicih ither amounted to a criminal.act or a.civil njury—that is, something for which .a civil ction would lie. In the face of this eclaration, exclusive dealing^ean no longer e conBtraed into a crime, and' tire Be- movables stand oonvicted of having recfclesBly cast into gaol scores of men during the past three years for conduct which neither at common law nor under the Coercion Act was a criminal offence at all. The other judicial utterance is one strangely different. There is no judge upon the Irish Bench who has preserved the decorum due to his. position better than Mr. Justioe Harrison. For over twenty years he has sat upon the Benoh, and has earned the repntation of 5 being a fair and reasonable, it somewhat humdrum and common-place judge. He was the very last man from whom any wild or reckless judioial utterance would have been expected. Yet his charge to the grand jury of Galway the other day has created almost as profound a sensation as that of Judge Eeogh in the famous Galway election petition twenty golden years ago. Lamenting over the disturbed state of Galway, Judge Harrison said that he wondered the people did not adopt Lynch law, and that, if they did, jit would be a happy thing for the administration of justice 1 A judge reoommending Lynch law from the Bench! "All the world wondered." Mr. Balfour did more than wonder. He had been boasting of the suocess of coercion and the disappearance of crime, and here was an Irish Tory judge actually saying that Lynch law would be preferable to the state of things existing under the present regime. As a matter of course, this grave judicial scandal has been the subject of comment all through Great Britain, both in and out of Parliament. The judge has written a couple of letters, but made no explanation, and, indeed, no explanation is possible. The result of the whole affair will, in all human probability, be that Judge Harrison will resign, and thus another opening made for rewarding the aspiring placemen who support Mr. Balfour at the Bar. J. E. RBDMOND. 