B E A T R I C E . 13Y RIDER HAGGARD. (Author of " King Solomon's Mines," "She," &c.;) CHAPTER IX. WHAT BEATRICE DREAMED. Geoffrey lay upon his back, watching the still patch of sunshine and listening to the ticking of the clock, as he passed all these and many other events in solemn review, till the series culminated in his vivid recollections of the scene of that very morning. " I'm sick of it," he said at last aloud, "sick and tired. She makes my life wretched. If it wasn't for Effie upon my word I'd . . . By Jove it's 3 o'clock; I'll go and tee Miss Granger. She's a woman, not a female ghost at any rate, though she is a freethinker—which," he sdded as he slowly struggled off the couch " is a very foolish thing to be." Very shakily, for he was sadly knocked about, he hobbled down the long narrow room and through the door, which was ajar. The opposite door was also 6et half open. He knocked 6oftlv and gettingOG answer pushed it wide and looked in, thinking that he had, perhaps, made some mistake as .to the room. On a sofa placed about two-thirds down its length, lay Bea trice asleep. She was wrapped in a kind of dressing gown of some simple blue stuff, and all about her breast and shoulders streamed her lovely curling hair. Her sweet face was towards him, its pallor relieved only by the long shadow of dark lashes and the bent bow of the lips. One white wrist and hand hung down almost to the floor, and beneath tbe spread curtain of the sunlit hair her bosom heaved softly in her sleep. She looked 60 wondrously beautiful in her rest that he stopped almost awed, and gazed, and gazed again, feeling as though a present sense and power were stilling his heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveliness, and very dangeious to feel that pressure to the heart. A truly wiso uian feeling it would have tied, knowing tha^ seeds sown in such silences may live to bloom upon a bitter day, and shed their fruit into the waters of desolation. But Geoffrey wa6 not wise—who would have been? He still stood and gazed till the sight stamped itself so deeply on the tablets of his heart that through all the years to come no heats of passion, no frosts of doubt, and no sense of loss could ever dull its memory. The silent sun shone on, the 6ilent woman slept, and in silence the watcher gazed. And as he looked a great fear, a prescience of evil that should come, entered into him and took possession of him. A cloud without crossed the ray of sunlight and turned it. It wavered, for a second it rested 6n his breast, flashed back to hers, then went out; and it flashed and died, he seemed to know that henceforth, for life till death, ay! and beyond, his fate and that sleeping woman's were one fate. It was but a momentary knowledge; the fear shook him, and was gone almost before he understood his foolishness. But it had been with him, and in after days he remembered it. Just then she woke, opening her grey eyes. Their dreamy glance fell upon him, looking through him and beyond him, rather than at him. Then she raised herself a little, and stretching out both her arms towards him, spoke aloud : " So you have come back to me at last," she 6aid, " I knew that you would come, and I have waited." He made no answer, he did not know what to say; indeed he began to think that he must be dreaming himself. For a little while she still looked at him in the same absent manner, then suddenly started up, tbe red blood streaming to h*r brow. " Why, Mr. Bingham," she said, " is it really you 1 What was it that I said ? Oh, pray, forgive me, whatever it was. I have bees asleep dreaming such a curious dream, and talking in my sleep." " Do not alarm yourself, Miss Grange;," he answered, recovering himsell with a jerk j you did not say anything dread/" ! - , only that you were glad to see me. Wl : were you dreaming about ?" She lookeu at him doubtfully; perhaps his words did not ring quite true. " I think that I had better tell you as I have said so much," she answered. "Besides, it was a very curious dream, and if I believed in dreams it would rather frighten me, only fortunately I do not. Sit down and I will tell it to you before I forget it. It is not very long." He took tbe chair to which she pointed, and she began, speaking in the voice of one yet Isden with the memories of sleep. " I dreamed that I stood in space. Far to my right was a great globe of light, and to my left was another globe, and I knew that the globes were named Life and Death. From the globe on the right to the globe on the left, and back again, a golden shuttle, in which two flaming eyes were set, Was shot continually, and I knew also that this was the shuttle of Destiny, weaving the web of Fate. Presently the shuttle drew leaving behind it a long silver thread, and the eyes in the shuttle were such as your eyes. Again the ihuttle sped through space, and this time its eyes were like my eyes, and the thread it left behind it was twisted from a woman's hair. Half-wav between the globes of Life and Death my thread of life was broken, but the shnttle flew on and vanished. For a moment the thread hung in air, then a wind rose and blew it, so that it floated away like a spider's web, till it struck upon your silver thread of life and began to twist round and round it. As it twisted it grew larger tnd heavier, till at last it was thick as a great tree of hair, and the silver line bent beneath the weight so that I saw it soon must break. Then while I wondered what would happen, a white hand holding a knife slid slowly down the silver line and with the knife severed the wrappings of woman's hair, which fell and floated slowly away, like a little cloud touched with sunlight, till they were lost in darkness. But the thread of silver that was your line of life, sprang up quivering and making a sound like sighs, till at last it sighed itself to silence. " Then I seemed to sleep, and when I woke I was floating upon such a misty sea as we saw last'night. 1 had lost all sight of land, and I could not remember what tbe stars were like, nor how I had been taught to steer, uor understand where I must go. I called to the sea, and asked it of the stars, and tbe sea answered me thus: " Hope has rent her raiment and the stars are set.' " I called again, and asked of the land where I should go, and the land did not answer, but the sea answered me a second time: . "'Child of tbe mist, wander in the mist, and in darkness seek for light.' "Then I wept because Hope had rent her starry garment, and in darkness I must seek lor light. And while I still wept, you rose out of the sea and sat before me in the boat. I had never seen you before, and still I felt that I had kcown you always. You did not speak, and I did not speak, but you looked into my heart and saw its trouble. Then I looked into your luart, and read what was written. And this was written: " ' Woui in whom I knew before the Pas: began, and whom I shall know when the Future is ended, why do you weep ?" " And my heart answered, ' I weep because I am lost upon the waters of the earth, because Hope has rent her starry robes, and in everlasting darkness I must seek for light that is not.' Then your heart &aid;, ' Z will show you light/ and bending forward you touched me on the breast. " And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies of birth and death, and the sky was full of great winged angels who rolled up they mist ot a cloth, and drew veils from the eyes of night, and there, her feet upon the globe, and her star-set head piercing the firmament of heaven, stood Hope breathing peace and beauty. She looked north and south and east and west, then she looked upwards through the arching vaults of heaven, and wherever she set her eyes, bright with holy tears, the darkness shrivelled and sorrow ceased, and from corruption arose the Incorruptible. I gazed and worshipped, and as I difl so, again the sea spoke unquestioned: "' In darkness thou hast found light, in Death seek for wisdom.' " Then once more Hope rent her starry robes, and the angels drew down a veil over the eyes of Night, and ths sea fallowed me, and I sank till I reached ;ue deep foundations of mortal Death. nd there in the Halls of Death I sat lor ages, till at last I saw you come, and on your lips was the word of wisdom that makes all things clear, but whht it was I cannot remember. Then I stretched out my hand to greet you, and woke, and that is ail my dream." She ceased, her grey eyes set wide, as though they still strove to trace their spiritual vision upon the air of earth, her breast heaving, and her lips apart. " 6r jat heaven!" he said, " what an imagination you mast have to dream such a dream as that." " Imagination," she answered, returning to her natural manner. " I have none, Mr. Bingham. I used to have, out I lost it when I lost—everything else. Can you interpret my dream ? Of course you can not; it is nothing but nonsense—such 6tuff as dreams are made of, that is all." " It may be nonsense; butitis beautiful nonsense," be answered. " I wish ladies had more of such stuff to give the world." " Ah, well, dreams may be wiser than wakings, and nonsense than learned talk, for all we know. But there's an end of it I don't know why J repeated it to ycu. am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real it shook me out of myself. This is what comes of breaking in upon the rou tine of life being three parts drowned One finds queer things at the bottom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that you are recovering. I do not think that you will care to go canoeing again with me, Mr. Bingham." There was an opening for a compliment here, but Geoffrey felt that it would be too much in earnest if spoken, so he resisted the temptation. " What, Miss Granger," he said, " should a man say to a lady who but last night saved his life, at the risk—indeed, almost at the cost—of her own ?" " It was nothing," she answered, colouring; "I clung to you, that was all, more by instinct than from any motive. I think I had a vague idea that you might float and support me." " Miss Granger, the occasion is too serious for polite libs. I know how you saved my life. I do not know how to thank you for it." " Then don't thank me at all, Mr. Bing ham. Why should you thank me ? I only did what I was hound to do. I would far rather die than desert a companion in dis tress of any sort; we all must die, but it would be dreadful to die ashamed. You know what they say, that if you save a person from drowning you will do them an injury afterwards. That's how they put it here; in some parts the saying is the other way put about, but I am not likely ever to do an injury, so it does not make me unhappy. It was an awful experience: you were sensless, so you cannot know how strange it felt lying upon the slippery rock, and seeing those great white waves rush upon UB through the gloom, with nothing but the night above, and the 6ea around, and death between the two. I have been lonely for many years, but I do not know that I ever quite understood what loneliness really meant before. You see," she added by the way of an afterthought, " I thought you were dead, and there is not much company in a corpse." " Well," he said," one thing is. it would have been lonelier if we had gone." " Do yon think so ?" 6ke answered, looking at him inquiringly. " I don't quite see how to make that out. If you believe in what we have been taught, as I think you do, wherever it was you found yourself there would be plenty of company, and if, like me, you do not believe in anything, why, then, you would have slept, and sleep asks for nothing." " Did you believe in nothing when you iay upon the rock waiting to be drowned, Miss Granger?" " Nothing!" she answered; " only weak p&ople; find revelation in the extremities of fear. If revelation comes at all, surely it must be born in the heart and not in the senses. I believed in nothing, and I dreaded nothing, except the agony of death. Why should I be afraid ? Supposing thai I am mistaken and there is something beyond, is it my fault that I cannot believe ? I have never harmed anybody that I know of, and if I could believe I would. I wish I had died," she went on, passionately; " it would be all over now. I am tired of the world, tired of work and helplessness, and all the little worries which wear one cut. I am not wanted here, I have noth-| ing to live for, and I wish I had died!" "Some day you will think differently, Miss Granger. There are many things that a woman like yourself can live for—at the least, there is your work." She laughed drearily. My work ! If you only knew what it is like you would not talk to me about it. Every day I roll my stone up the hill, and every night it seems to roll down again. But you have never taught in a village school. How can you know ? I work all day, and in the evening perhaps I have to mend the tablecloths, or —what do you think ?—write my father's sermons. It-sounds curious, does it not, that I should write sermors ? But I do. I wrote the one he is going to preach next Sunday. It makes very little difference to him what it is 60 long as he can read it, and, ot course, I never say anything which can offend anybody, and I do not think thai they listen much. Very few people go to church in Bryngelly." " Don't you ever get any time to yourself then?" " Oh, yes, sometimes I do, and then I go out in my canoe, or read and am almost happy. After all, Mr. Bingham, it is very wrong and ungrateful of me to speak like this. I have mora advantages than ninetenths of the world, and T ought to make the best of them. I don't know why I have been speaking as I have, and to you, whom I never saw till yesterday, I never did it before to any living soul, I assure you. It is just like the story of the man who came hers last year with the divining rod. There is a cottage down on the cliff —it belongs to Mr. Davies, who lives in the Castle. Well, they have no drinking water near, and the new tenant made a great fuss about it. So Mr. Davies got men, and they dug and dug and spent no end of money, but could not come to water. At last thf» tenant fetched an old man from some parish a long way oft, who said he could find water with a divining rod. He was a curious old man with a crutch, and be came with his rod and hobbled about till at last the rod twitched just at the tenant's back doer—at least the diviner said it did. At any rate they dug there and in ten minutes struck a spring of water, which bubbled up so strongly that it rushed into the house and flooded it. And what do you think ? After all the water was brackish. You are the man with the divining rod, Mr. Bingham, and you have made me talk a great deal too much, and, after all, you see it is not nice talk. You must think me a very agreeable and wicked young woman, and I daresay I am. But somehow it is a relief to open one's mind. I do hope, Mr. Bingham, that you will see—in short, tha you will not misunderstand me." " Miss Granger," he answered," there is between us that which will always entitle us to mutual respect and confidence—the link of life and death. Had it not been for you, I should not sit here to listen to your confidence to-day. You may tell me that a mere natural impulse prompted you to do what you did. I know better. It <vas your will that triumphed over your natural impulse towards self- preservation. Well, I will say no more about it, except this: If ever a man was bound to woman by ties of gratitude and respect, I am bound to you. You need not fear that I shall take advantage of or misinterpret your confidence." Here he rose and stood before her, 'his dark handsome face bowed in proud humility. " Miss G ranger, I look upon it as an honour done to me by one whom henceforth I must reverence among all women. The life you gave back to me, and the intelligence which directs it, is in duty bound to you, and I shall not forget the debt." She listened to his words, spoken in that deep and earnest voice, which afterwards became so familiar to Her Majesty's judges and to Parliament—listened with a new sense of pleasure rising in her heart. She was this man's equal; what he could dare, she could dare; where he could climb, she could follow—ay, and if need be, show the path, and she felt that he acknowledged it. In his sight she was something more than a handsome girl to be admired and deferred to for her beauty'6 sake. He had placed her on another level—one, perhaps, that few women would have wished to occupy. But Beatrice was thankful to him. It was the first taste of supremacy that she had ever known. It is something to stir the proud heart of such a woman as Beatrice, in that moment when for the first time she feels herself a conqueror, victorious, not through the vulgar advantage of her sex, not by the submission of man's coarser sense, but rather by the overbalancing weight of mind. " Do you know," she said, suddenly looking up," you make m« very proud," and and she stretched out her hand to him. He took it, and, bending, touched it with his lips. There was no possibility of misinterpreting the action, and through she coloured a little—for, till tben, no man had even kissed the tip of her finger—she did not misinterpret it. It was an act of homage, and that was all. And so they sealed the compact of their perfect friendship for ever and a day. Then comes a moment's silence. It was Geoffrey who broke it. "Miss Granger," he said, "will you allow me to preach you a lecture, a very short one ?" " Go on," she said. " Very well. Do not blame me if you don't like it, and do noc set me down as a prig, though I am going to tell you your faults as I read them in your own words You are proud and ambitious, and the cramped lines in which you are forced to live seem to strangle you. You have suffered, and have not learned the lesson of suffering—humility. You have 6et yourself UD against Fate, and Fate sweeps you along like 6pray upon the gale, yet you go unwilling. In your impatience, you have flown to learning for refuge, and it has completed your overthrow, for it has induced you to reject as non-existent all that you cannot understand. Because your finite mind cannot search infinity, because no answer has come to all your prayers, because you see misery and cannot read its purpose; because you suffer and have not found rest, you have said there is naught but chance, and become an atheist, as many have done before YOU. Is it not true ?" "Go on," she answered bowing her head to her breast, so that the long rippling hair almost hid her face, " It seems a little odd," be said with a short laugh, that I with all my imperfections heaped upon me, should presume to preach to you—but you will know best how near or how far I am from the truth. So I want to say this. I have lived for 35 years, and seen a good deal and tried to learn from it, and I know this. In the long run, unless we of our own act put away the opportunity, the world gives us our due, which generally i? not much. So much far things temporal. If you are fit to rule, in time you will rule; if you do not, then be content and acknowledge vour own incapacity. And as for things spiritual, lam sure of this—though of course one does not like to talk much of these matters—if you only seek for them long enough in some shape you will find them, though the shape may not be that which is generally recognised by any particular religion. But to build a wall deliberately between oneself and the unseen, and then complain that the way is barred, is simply childish." " And what if one's wall is built. Mr Bingham?" ' "Most of us have done something in that line at different times," he answered, " and found a way round it." " And if it stretches from horizon to horizon, and is higher than the clouds what then?" ' " Then you must find wings and fly over it." " And where can an earthly woman find those spiritual wings ?" she asked, and then sank her head still deeper on her breast to cover confusion. For she remembered that she had heard of wanderers in the dusky groves of human passion, yes, even Maead wanderers, who had suddenly come face to face with their own soul; andthat the cruel paths of earthly love may yet lead the feet which tread them to the ivory gates ot ^And remembering these beautiful myths, though she bad no experience of love, and knew little of its ways, Beatrice grew suddenly silent. Nor did Geoffrey give her an answer, though he need scarcely have feared to do so. For were they not discussing a purely abstract question ? CHAPTER X. LADY HONORIA MAKES ARRANGEMENTS. In another moment somebody entered the room; it was Elizabeth. She had returned from her tithe collecting expedition—with the tithe. The door ot the sitting- room was still ajar, and Geoffrey had his back to it. So it happened that nobody heard Elizabeth's rather catlike Btep, and for some seconds she stood in the room without being perceived. She stood quite still taking in the WLOIG scene at a glance. She noticed that her &ister; held her head down, so that her hair shadowed her, and guessed that she did so for some reason—probably because she did not wish her face to be seen. Or was it to show off her lovely hair ? She noticed also the half shy, half amused, and altogether interested expression .upon Geoffrey's countenance—she could see that in the little gih- edged looking-glass which hung over the fire-place, nor did she overlook the general air of embarrassment that pervaded them both. When she entered the room, Elizabeth had been thinking of Owen Davies, and of what might have happened had 6he never seen the tide of life flow back into her sister's veins. She had dreamed of it all night and had thought of it all day ; even in the excitement of extracting the back tithe from a recalcitrant and rather coarseminded Welsh farmer, with strong views on the subject of tithe, it had not been entirely forgotten. The farmer was a tenant of Owen Davies, and when he called her a " parson in petticoats, and wus," and went on, in delicate reference to her powers of extracting cash, to liken her to a " twolegged corkscrew, only screwier," she, perhaps not unnaturally, reflected that if ever —pace Beatrice—certain things should come about, she would remember that farmer, for Elizabeth had a very long memory, as some people had learnt to their cost, and generally, sooner or later, 6he paid her debts in full, not forgetting the overdue interest. And now, as she stood in the room unseen and noted these matters, something occurred to her in connection with this dominating idea, which, like ideas in general, had many side issues. At any rate a look of quick intelligence shone for a moment in her light eyes, like a sickly sunbeam on a faint December mist; then 6he moved forward, and when she was close behind Geoffrey, spoke suddenly. " What are you both thinking about ?" she said in her clear thin voice; " you seem to have exhausted your conversation." Geoffrey made an exclamation and fairly jumped from his chair, a feat which in his bruised condition really hurt him very much. Beatrice, too, started violently; she recovered herself almost instantly, however. "How quietly you move, Elizabeth," she said. " Not more quietly than you sit, Beatrice. I have been wondering when anybody was going to say anything, or if you were both For her part Beatrice speculated how tong her sister had been in the room, lheir conversation had been innocent enough, but it was not one that she would wish Elizabeth to have overheard And somehow Elizabeth had a knack of overbearing things. " You see, Miss Granger," said Geoffrey, coming to the rescue, " both our brains are st.ll rather waterlogged, and that does not tend to a flow of ideas." " Quite so," said Elizabeth. " Mv dear Beatrice why don't you tie up you/hair ? lou look like a crazy Jane. N 0; butwha you have very nice hair," she added S Bingham T ^ *° o d h a i r > Mr. « b^lT 6 6 , 1 d °>" h e a n s w e r e d gallantly, out it is not common " J ' after dinner only I was too sUff and wlS drawer T« «tf,at | «« ^ t 1 8 8 M t o f r i b b o n m y o u P " ^ere yesterdav " answered the precise u t Elizabeth it is. If you, like and Mr. Bingham will excuse it, I can tie it back for you," and without waiting for an answer she came behind her, and gathering up the dense masses of her sister's locks tied them round in such fashion that they could not fall forward, though, they still rolled down her back. Just then Mr. Granger came back from his visit to the farm. He was in high good humour. The pig had even surpassed her former efforts, and increased in a surpassing manner to the number of IS indeed, Elizabeth thereupon produced the £2 odd shillings which she had " corkscrewed " out of the recalcitrant dissenting farmer, and the sight added to his satisfaction. " Would you believe it, Mr. Bingham," he said, " in t*us miserably paid parish I have nearly £100 owing to me, £100 in tithe. There's old Jones who live? out towards the Bell Rock, he owes three year's tithe—£34 lis. 4d. He can pay and he won't pay—says he's a baptist, and ain't going to pay no parsons' dues—though for the matter of that he's nothing but an old beer tub of a heathen." " Why don't you proceed against him, then, Mr. Granger 1 " Proceed ! I have proceeded. I've got judgment, and I mean to issue execution in a few days. I won't stand it any longer," he went on, working himself up and shaking his head as he spoke till his thin white hair fell about his eyes. " I '11 have the law of him and the others too. You're a lawyer and you can help me. I tell you there's a spirit abroad which just comes to this-—no man isn't to pay his lawful debts, except of course the parson and squire. They must pay or go to the court. But there's law left, and I'll have it, before they play the Irish game on. us here." And he brought down his fist with a bang upon the table. Geoffrey listened with some amusement, So this was the weak old man's sore point —money. He was clearly very strong about that—as strong as Lady Honoria, indeed, but with more excuse. Elizabeth also listened with evident approval, but Beatrice looked pained. " Don't get angry, father," she said. " Perhaps he will pay after all. It is bad to take the law if you can manage any other way—it breeds so much ill-blood." "Nonsense, Beatrice," said her sister sharply. " Father is ouite right. There's only one way to deal with them, and that's to Beize their goods. I believe you are a socialist about pioperty, as you are about everything else. You want to pull everything down from the Queen to the laws of marriage, all for the good of humanity, and I tell you that your ideas will be your ruin. Defy custom and it will crush you. You are running your head against a brick wall, and one day you will find which is the harder." Beatrice flushed, but answered her sister's attack, which was all the sharper because it had a certain spice of truth in it. "I never expressed any such views, Elizabeth, so I don't see why you should attribute them to me. I only said that legal proceedings breed bad blood in a parish, and that is true." "I did not say you expressed them," went cn the vigorous Elizabeth; "you look them—they ooze out of your words like water from a peat bog. Everybody knows you are a radical and a freethinker and everything else that's bad and mad, and contrary to that state of life in which it has- pleased God to call you. The end of it will be that you will lose the mistressship of the school—and I think it is very hard on father and me that you should bring disgrace on us with your strange ways and immoral views; and now you caa make what you like of it." "I wish all radicals were like Miss Beatrice," said Geoffrey, who was feeling exceedingly uncomfortable, with a feeble attempt at polite jocosity. But nobody seemed to hear him. Elizabeth, who was now iairly in a rage,)a faint flush upon her pale cheeks, her light eyes all ashine and her thin fingers clasped, 6tood fronting her beautilul sister, and breathing spite at every pore. It was easy for Geoffrey, who was watching her, to see that it was not her sister's views she was attacking; it wa6 her 6ister. It was that soft strong loveliness and the glory of that face; it was the deep mind, erring from its very greatness, and the bright intellect, which lit it like a lamp: it was the learning and the powder that, given it play, would set a world aflame, as easly as it did the heart of the slow-witted hermit squire, whom Elizabeth coveted—these were the things that Elizabeth hated, and bitterly assailed. {To be continued ) 