THE CENTRAL RINGWOOD CRICKET CLUB CONCERT. On Wednesday evening a grand variety entertainment in aid of the funds of the above club was held in the Ringwood HalL There was a Very large audience, the hall being filled to its utmost capacity. The room was tastefully decorated with flags, ferns, flowers and evergreens, whilst several beautiful wreaths were drawn across the centre of the hall. Above the stage, printed in three colors—rose lake, green and gold—and mounted on a' blue background, was a streamer bearing the words " The Central Ringwood Cricket Club," which rendered the decorations very effective. Shortly after eight o'clock, Mr J. K. Turnbull, President of the club, came to the footlights, and made several appropriate remarks, in the course of which he apologised for an omission from the programme—that the minstrel parts of the°entertainment HI v cuicl^"— would be given o by . T-r , i Tmiino Mr the Hawthorn Sunflower Troupe. — G. P. Perry then played a pianoforte -uuiuuuuu, - w^uu i-xoupe gave an overture entitled " Sunflowers." Mr S. Wilson sang in good voice " Carry me back to old Virginny,' and Mr W. Middleton had to respond to an encore for his comic song, " Rootity Toot." Mr G. Card was attentively listened to while singing " Poor Little Johnny." Much amusement was afforded the audience by Mr R. Raby's comic selection " He was in it," and he was encored. "The old Home ain't what it used to be," was sung to advantage by Mr G. Myers, and Mr P. H. Goodsir was loudly applauded for his song and chorus, " Meet me at the Goldeu Gate." Mr A. Middleton followed with "My best friend was mother," and then Mr J. W. Kendall caused amusement with " Pink Dominoes." Mr Johnston sang "Every Bullet has its Billet," and then the finale came in the shape of the " Ringwood Band," which evoked roars of laughter. Between the selections the usual conundrums and witticisms were given by the corner men—Messrs T. W. Kendall and R. Raby (bones); P. H. Goodsir and W. Middleton (tambos) ; and Mr C. Annet (interlocutor), which were very amusing, the local " hits" especially taking with the audience. After an interval of five minutes, Mrs Sweeney and Miss Brown sang a duet " The Lily and the Rose," in their usual style. The next item was the well-known and popular song, " Killarney," sang by a lady visitor, Mrs Dickinson. This piece was undoubtedly the gem of the evening, and at the conclusion the singer was greeted with a furore of applause, which did not cease until the lady made her reappearance, and in response sang in equally good style " The Wishing Cap." This lady's singing was greatly admired, and she speedily became a favorite with the audience, aud should she ever appear before a Ringwood audience again she will receive a hearty welcome. Mrs Sweeney sang in good voice "Thou Art so near and yet so Far," after which Mrs Gunn sang very sweetly " I cannot sing the old Song," and fairly brought down the house. This tady bad to respond to a vocifez'iously demanded encore, which she did by singing the last verse again. The old and popular duet " Larboard Watch," received justice from Miss Brown and Mr Dalley, and they were heartily applauded. Mr Perry opened the third part with a sbilffully played pianoforte solo. Mr F. Edmonds was loudly applauded for his comic song (in costume) " Ghost of Benjamin Binn." Mr F. Rand sang a ballad "Hands have met, but uot our Hearts ;" and Mr Slaughter "The Four Jolly Smiths," both of whom received applause. Mr F. Shepherd was encored for his song and dance "Widow Brady." For an encore he executed a step dance - in first-class style. "The Ringwood Army," by Messrs Goodsir and Middle- ton, and "Haul'd me Back Again," by Mr F. Edmonds, created great amusement, while Mr A. Middleton rendered " Anchored" in a very appreciative manner. The " Ringwood Shaving Saloon" concluded the programme, the parts being taken by Messrs Annett, Kendall, Raby, Slatterre, Goodsir and Slaughter. This piece kept the audience in roars of laughter, and at its conclusion every one appeared in good humor. The entertainment can be classed as one of the most successful ever held in Ringwood, and the audience was a most appreciative one. The committee worked hard to bring about a success, and they are to be congratulated upon the result. A special word of praise is due to Messrs J. K. Turnbull and F. R. Dalley for the manner in which they worked. The former gentleman also very kindly placed his magnificent piano at the disposal of the club for the eveuing. Mrs Sweeney and Mr G. P. Perry acted as accompanists during the evening and left nothing to be desired. After the hall had been cleared dancing commenced, about 40 couples tak mg the floor. Supper was serv ved round about 2 a,m., and dancing was resumed and kept up with zest till 5 o'clock, when the assemblage dispersed and sought their virtuous couches. Mr Dalley acted as M.C. in an efficient manner, while the trippers of the light fantastic were delighted'with the music supplied by Mrs Bauiber and Mr Robinson. It is expected that the club will realise about £14 from the enter tertainment. Speaking of beautiful pictures, Petrarch says: "If these things that are counterfeited and shadowed with fading colore do so much delight thee, cast thine eyes up to ffitn that hath made the originals—who adorn«d man with senses, his mind with understanding, the heaven with stars, and the earth with flowers—aud so compare reaJ aJjf with visionary btauties." 