NOTES FROM HODDLE'S CREEK. (By VULCAN.) Perhaps the mining industry here was never before at so low an ebb as at present. The mere mention of tlie district is quite sufficient to cause even the most reckless speculator to button his purse strings tighter, and turn a deaf ear to the alluring whisper of the broker, who wishes to get his fancy "spec" off. I don't believe we have ten men actually engaged in actire and legitimate mining, and yet in the-face of this we have the sad spectacle of wholefamilies being obliged to leave their land and their homes, and bid farewell to a district eminently suited for their calling. Why ? The Lauds Department will laconically answer "Mining objections," and refer you to the Mining Department, and here oue sees the reason or reasons, in neatly written pages headed "reports" from mining registrars, mining surveyors and experts; written too in such a strain, abounding in golden prospects, rich lodes, aud strong companies about to commence active operations," that one is led to wonder if he really is living, • amid such mineral wealth aud yet knoweth it not. We cannot wonder in the face of these facts that the department is blinded aud misled, and refuses'to allow areas to be occupied by the farming industry when (according to the reports) the miners have just cause and right to the land. The de partment pays large Salaries to surveyors and others supposed to be qualified for their, position, and when these send in reports they are adopted at once as being correct, when in reality the fatal " report," fraught with power, may be only the secondhand "blow" of some prejudiced old miner. It is a crying shame that the whole district should be made to stand still, and injury inflicted, by a few words from the first person who comes along choosing to call himself a " practical and experienced miner." What is wanted is an expert who can judge for himself, and by making the question a public one ar- rive at a fair decision. We know there is gold ; everyone knows there is gold, but only in certain places, and in very limited quantities ; barely enough to give a fair earning to the hard-working miner, and in many instances not enough, and certainly not enough, to give even' the ghost of a dividend to the most fragally managed company. Why then all this bother about a myth? What is the use of upholding this hollow show to the utter exclusion of other more real and lasting industries? The time has come when the land must be handed over to its legitimate owner, the. tiller of the soil, and the sooner the mirier lays down his pick and shovel and grasps the plough handle the sooner will he have a vested interest in the district and a voice in the community. No church service on Sunday ! A little flock without a shepherd ! Why is this thus?- The Rev. T. PaBCoe is generally to be depended upon, but on Sunday last there was ^neither parson nor explanation, and the various tempers of the before mentioned flock were not much improved in consequence. The Church of England minister had a service advertised also, at the same hour as the Methodist body, but he too was conspicuous by his absence; so the congregation were met with nothing but disappointment on all haiids. It might not please the rev. gentlemen if the people wore to play at a little game of " tit for tat." 