EXPERIENCES OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGPYAK, ' Author o! "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down, " Strange Clues," •' Traced and Traoked," "Solved Mysteries," &o.; The Captain's Chronometer, The captain bad come home with honors— that is, he had saved the ship and a vary valuable cargo under hiB care by sheer bravery and indomitable energy, and been presented "witn the chronometer by the combined owners in token of their appreciation of his labors. That pleasing memento he carried in his pocket, enclosed in a little chamoia leather cover to keep it from duet and wear. It waB a ahip chronometer, and therefore not meant for aaa on land or carrying in the pocket, bat the cap tain was proud of hia present, and eapeoially of the flattering inscription engraved on the baok of the caBe, and had carried it home to show to hia wife and family and any friends he might meet during his short stay. Hia ahip waa at Tynemoutb, but hia home waa in Leith Walk, and about a week of his furlough had gone when he one forenoon met an old friend, and with that gentleman entered a big and respectable public house in Laith Walk to drink and have a chat over old times. The place was divided into boxes by wooasa partitions about Bix feet high, ao customers, though enjoying a certain amount of privacy, could never be certain that their words were not being listened by others in the adjoining compartments. . Captain Hosting and hia friend were too much overjoyed at meeting to think of that, and chatted away in the lcudeat tones, while a nimble little thief named Tommy Tait, seated at the other aide of the partition, swallowed every word. One of the topics was the recent Btoim and dangers through which the oaptain had successfully struggled, and as a natural re sult the chronometer was brought out and dis played to every advantage. The headB of the two friends were close over the valuable pre sent when that of Tommy Tait's cautiously ro30 over the partition. «' It must have coat a good round snm ? said the friend as he returned the chronometer, and it was carefully encased in the chamois leather cover and returned to the captain's vest P°"Sixty pounds at least," returned the captain proudly, "perhaps a good bit more. I know they wouldn't give me a shabby present, . Sixty pounds. Tommy Tait's mouth fairly watered aB he prudently withdrew his head and rubbing his hands in gloating anticipation. Such a prize had not come in hia way for many a day, But would the captain be an easy vic tim to manipulate? There was the rob, -Sad Tommy Tait's line been one of violence ha would have had not the ghost of a ohance against the captain, who waB six feet two in his stocking9, broad '.in proportion, and strong as a lion, But Tommy's was fche delicate art of fcho pick pocket, and had the time been night instead of day, and the captain only sufficiently befogged with drink, Tommy would have felt as sura of his prey as if the chronometer already lay in bis clutches. Everything was against him. The captain was drinking only lemonade, and bad the look of an exceedingly wideawake cus tomer besideB. The sun was shining brightly and the streets he knew were crowded with paBEengers. Tommy uttered a few strong imprecations under his breath, coupled with a . wish that all temperance captains might oome to a bad end for creating extra risks and dangers" to hardworking fellowB like himself. Still the chance was there and must not be missed; and what was a thief worth if his genius could not rise to an occasion like that! The captain was going towards Edinburgh, as Tommy learned from the conversation, while the friend waB going to Leith. So muoh the better. Tommy would have one pair of eyes the less to trouble him. He waited patiently till they had talked their fill and then followed them out of the shop. Tbey stood for five minutes at the door; but that interval Tommy filled ingeniously up by lighting hie pipe at the bar. When the friaaaa fairly parted Tommy lost all interest in the barman and hia dogs, and abruptly cloBBd the conversation and left. As the captain moved. on before him with firm and giant-lika strides Tommy's heart sank within him. He waa a bit of a coward, and he felt certain that if he bungled and got into the clutches of that powerful man he would not have to waft long for a sore punishment. Sea captains are .aco rs tomed to administer law for themselves, ami Tommy's body tingled all over at the very thought of thOBe bootB and fists playing about hia diminutive person, The captain wore a pilot coat, the top button of which was fastened. The chronometer, as Tommy knew, wa3 in the right-hand pocket or the vest, with no chain or guard attached. There was both a watch and chain in the opposite pocket, but that waa only of silver, and had no attraction for Tommy. The oaptain gave no chance till Graansida was reached. There a tobacconist's window had been done out with fountains and grot toeB, and real flowing water, as a Ghristmaa decoration, and tbe crowd arouua it atfcracwa the captain, and drew a sigh of profound thankfulness from the breast of Tommy i-aifc. The captain was amused and interested, and pressed closer; Tommy helped him diligently. Looking hard at the window and laughing coneumedly, Tommy got his fingers under the pilot coat and touobed the chronometer. Ine absence of a chain was a sore trial to his skill, but at lenRth he got the ohamois leathercover between his fingers, and had the whole.out and .into bis own pooket like lightning, But, alas, the thing had been so roughly done that Tommy was actually ashamed of hi3 own clumsy work. He felt that the captaui had started suspiciously and looked him foil ia the face, and he concluded that it was time t0He moved off as unconcernedly a3 possible for about twenty yardB, when the thrilling shout of the captain fell on his ears, and almost stopped the beating of his heart "Hi! you! thief 1-stop thief! .... Tommy heard no more. Whatever he laoked. he could run with great swiftness, and that wild cry and the thought of the powerful limbB of the man who emitted the words made him pat on his most desperate pace, . He dived for the Low Gallon, in which he managed to burrow successfully, while the crowd, led by the captain and apolicaoaan who had joined, tan on and did not halt till the foot of Leith Wynd was reached. iNot a traoe of the fugitive was to be found, and the oaptain, quite breathless with the race, exclaimed re B18" Ohfwhat a fool I've been! Well> that's the last I'll see of my chronometer." ..... The policeman by a question or two elicited the fact that the captain had got a good look at the thiof, and promptly advised hun to go up to the Central Office and report the case, assuring him that it was by.no means uncom mon when a case was thus quickly reported for ua to reoover the stolen property in a tew hours. This friendly exaggeration, sent the i captain up to the Central, when it became I necessary for me to tone down his hopes a little. Bv the description given of the thief I recog nised Tommy Tait unmistakably, for Tommy bad certain peculiarities of ugliness about ha figurehead which, once seen, were always remembered ; and I firmly assured the captain that I could easily lay hands on the nimble pickpocket in an hour's time, but as to recover ing the watch, that was altogether a different matter. I could not pledge myself to that, "Why, it's the chronometer 1 want, ex claimed the bluff seaman looking quite aghast. ilI,U give twenty pounds this minuta to the man that puts it into my hands safe and aonnd. What do I care for the bleswed thief I Thoueh you got him and gave him twenty years on the treadmill that wouldn t do me a bit of good." ., , "There's a ohance of getting the chrono meter, too, if we get the man," I quietly ob served. "Just leave your name and address and all particulars while I go and see if L can lav hands on Tommy." , _ . I fully expeoted that I should get Tommy at some of biB usual haunts and return with"* the hour, but 1 was giving Tommy c^t for iar less ability than he possessed. I chanced to know his favorite hiding-place, and went to that direct. He was not there, and had not been near it for days. All his. haunts ware tried with a like result.. Then, a little annoyed. I " tried back," and discovered the entry and common stair in the Low Oalton in which ha bad burrowed while his pursuers rushed by. Two boys had seen him there, and they testi fied that he had turned back towards Greenaida as soon as it was safe to venture forth, and from that point all trace of him disappeared. I hunted for him high and low for days on end in vain; and what added to my mystification was the fact that Tommy a relatives and acquaintances were as puzzled and du tressed at his disappearance as I could poaaibly be At first I thought it possible that ha might have left the city, but in a day or two had reason to believe that such was not the case. Tommy never went farther than Glasgow or Paisley, and as he had not been heard of o • • seen in either of these placeB a queer thought came into my mind. Gould it be possible that Tommy had wandered into bad company and got knocked on the head-m othe^rda nmrdered-for the valuable treasure helmed. I note the Btrange suspicion, not ^caf 90 $ turned out to be correot in regard to the loss of Tommy'8 valuable life, but because the trea sure he carried was to bring him trouble quite aB unexpected as his disappearance had been sudden. While I had thus been hunting in vain and Tommy's friends had been almost mourning him as dead, and evon uugeuerously hinting that 1 had had a hand in Ilia slaughter. Tommy wa3 enjoying the sweets of a wall earned repose in—of all places m tne world the Last t should have thought os-ths ia Q.r~ fetoaiy! Bo bad get hurt, then-run over with a cab or something—in his flight? Not at all. Seized with a fever, then ? Neither. He w&a; aa sound in bod; and limb as myself. It waa simply this. Before the chronometer had come in hie way Tommy, who waB lazy and hard np, had Rone once or twice to the infirmary complaining of some imaginary trouble, which the doctors oould not under stand. His object waa to get admitted aa a patient and have a month or two's rest and retirement from the uncertainties of the thieving profession—to be coddled up in bed and tended night £bd day, and fed up with wine and other delicaoiea too often denied to the most ingenious malingerer in prison. Tommy was one of those clever malingerers, but he preferred to practice the art in a place where he could at any moment gain hia liberty by ending the distressing symptoms of. ^That' was the position. The thought of making the infirmary his hiding-place came to him as an inspiration. In Greenside he caught a buB which took him up to the head of the Infirmary- street for a penny._ He juat managed to get within the gate of the infirmary when he was seized with Buch a paroxysm of his tronble that he dropped almost insensible at the feet of the janitor. The house Burgeon was sum moned, and aB Tommy waB then too far gone to be removed with safety to hia home he was borne in an invalid's ohair to the nearest ward and there put to bed. Olose to the head of this bed, and below the saBh of one of the windows, was a little sheltered cupboard in which was Btowed some of the other patients' clothing—tied np in bundles till they should be needed again. Tommy's agony waB never ao bad but that he could look after the folding up of hia clothes, and more especially his tronserB, in the pocket of which now reposed a gold chronometer worth at leaBt £60. Such tender solicitude did he evince for the safety of these worn and Bhabby artioles that the attention of more than one person was attracted, and the surgeon sharply demanded whether he had not any tobacco concealed about the pockets, to which Tommy gaspingly replied that he never used tobacco or snnfi—a pathetic lie. As soon aB the clotheB were bundled up and put away in the little cupboard Tommy had a relapse, whioh occupied the Burgeon and nurses for an hour at least, and effectually banished from their minds all remembrance of the little incident of the clothes. Next forenoon, when the time arrived for the professors and students to make their round, it was found that Tommy's trouble had all settled in his back and neck, for in the one hehad such dreadful painB that he could scarcely lie in bed, and in the other a chronic stiffness which a year or two's rheumatism could hardly have equalled. There was much grave consultation around his bed, and Tommy tried hard to learn the result of the deliberations, for he had a wholesome dread of being scarified on the nape of the neck with hot irons or cupped on the shoulders as he had been in the prison hospital for ai similar attack; but all that passed was spoken in whispers and sometimes in a lan guage which Tommy did not understand, Tommy waB left ill at ease on two points, . He feared some surgical appliance of a painful nature, and he had a fidgety feeling regarding the safety of his hard-earned chronometer. He never'took his eyes off the door of the little cup board except in Bleep, and even then the lightest footfall aroused him to wakefulness. Then there wbb a danger of Borne patient recovering and wanting his clotheB and taking out those of Tommy's by mistake. Tommy fidgeted him Belt almost into a fever over that possibility, the more bo sb he had on one side of him an evil-lookiDg cabman, with a faoe as bloated as a Christmas pudding, who he was sure was a thorough rascal. In the bed on the other side wbb an innocent-looking Irishman named Teddy O'Lacey, who sympathised with him very heartily, and whom Tommy set down as a born idiot and simpleton. He had no fear of the fool of an Irishman; It was the bloated cabman he watched and dreaded. After considering the whole matter Tommy decided that the chronometer was not in a Bafe place, and that night waited till every one in the ward waB sonnd asleep and the night attendant ont of the way. Then he nimbly slipped ont of bed, opened the cupboard, took ont his clothes; and hid the chronometer under hiB pillow, . He could there feel it with his hand almost constantly, and if any nurses came to make his bed could conceal it in hia hand till they were gone. At all events he felt more comfortable with it beside him, and acutely reasoned that even if it were seen in its ohamois leather cover it would excite no suspicion, as several patients had watches hanging by their beda or under their pillows. Another day passed away, and all Tommy's fears had BubBided. The professors ordered nothing bnt harmless physic, and the chrono meter was safe under his pillow, bo Tommy settled himself to the fall enjoyment of his well-earned repose, He slept sonndly that night, and waB so refreshed in the morning that he did not immediately think of his chronometer After breakfast, when he did thrust in his hand, the treasure was gone! Tommy could scarcely believe his own senses. He grabbed wildly under the pillow, over the bed, under the sheet—everywhere; he even forgot in hiB sweat of mortal agony that he bad a stiff neck, and stooped over the edge of the bed to see if haply it bad fallen to the floor. All in vain, The prize had vanished, Worse and worse, be dared not report the loss, for if the chronometer were hunted for and found, no matter who Bhonld be the thief, a polioe case would certainly follow, and Tommy get seven years at least. He looked around. The Irishman waa peacefully sleeping, as was his wont] the cabman, on.the contrary, was eye ing Tommy in a manner that convinced the latter of his guilt. " You've got it then ?" was Tommy's savage thought, " I'll see if I can't take it-back from yon. I always know'd that cabmen was thievee, bnt 1 hardly think they'll match a profes sional." The day passed away and the hour for visitors arrived, bringing Teddy O'Lacey's wife, who spent an hour with her husband and was introduced to Tommy, and departed, -hoping that he would Boon be well, Tommy paid little' attention to her kind wordB, for all his powers were concentrated on the cabman. He watched the man till his very eyeB became telescopic, and gloated over the fact that the scrutiny was evidently painful to the Buspected one. After the gases were lit hiB patience was rewarded by seeing the cab man partially take from under his pillow some thing in shape-of a watch enclosed in a chamois leather cover, The Bight was too much for Tommyi He Bprang out of bed, forgetful alike of pains in his back and stiffness of neck, and pounced on the watch with a cry of joy. •" That's my watch, you plunderer!" he Ehonted, bnt to his surpriee the cabman resisted stoutly and stnck to the watch, dealing Tommy at the same time several blows which sent him reeling back on his bed. The man was big bodied and Btrong; such an unequal contest oonld never be maintained by Tommy, so he snatched np a kind of tin flagon which stood handily near and hurled it at the cab man's bead, closing np one of that patient's eyeB and scattering the contents all over his bed, Hp sprang the cabman, and the next moment Tommy knew what a real pain in his back meant, for hia breastbone had nearly driven the spine ont of him through a tremen dous blow from his opponent. The din of the battle; the shouts and imprecations, and the cries of the other patients brought a number of nurses and attendants to the Bpot, and at length the combatants were torn apart and some explanation offered. Each aocused the other of being a daBtardly robber in attempting to steal a watch, The cabman Btated his case and proved be yond question that the watch he held was his own—a silver lever with his initials engraved on the case. Tommy bad then very little to say, except that he had been robbed of a watch, which no one bad ever seen and which was cer tainly not in his possession when he entered the infirmary. On the whole Tommy looked and felt rather foolish, and not even the sym pathy of Teddy O'Lacey, who warmly took his part, could quite convince him that he had not done a raBh thing. This fear was confirmed when the honse surgeon came round and audibly commented on Tommy's astonishing agility and freedom from pain during the en eonnter, and en fed by saying— "I'm afraid you're an impoBtor and a malingerer, but we'll see tc-morrow when the professors come round." Morning came, and Tommy was sternly asked whether he would rise and pnt on his ckthea and depart or wait till a policeman was sent for to assist him from the place, With a deep groan Tommy choBe to leave the building unaided. It cut him to the heart to make the decision, for had he not been robbed of the chronometer, and was he not thus patting him self farther than ever from the thief ? O'Lacey, the simple Irishman, almoBt wept in Bympath with him, and hoped they would meet again when Tommy waB free from all such persecu tions and wicked conspiracies, They wrung bands pathetically, while the oabman, with a bread poultice cn his eye, audibly wished that he might be present at Tommy's execution. While thiB affectionate adien was taking place I was entering the gate of the infirmary with no tbonght of Tommy in my mind, but intending to see a miserable girl in another part of the building. I wished to see this girl with the chaplain by my aide, and had to get that gentleman before going further. When this had been arranged we crossed the quadrangle together, so intent on the sub ject of conversation, that when Tommy ap peared before me I looked him fnll in the face without seeing him, and shonld'have passed on had be bnt been as inattentive as myself. He made ST&e; I had come for him, and dashed away down the stepB towards the Surgical Hospital, A high wall Burrounded the build ing covered with iron spikes and facing the High School Yard. A ladder left by some workmen stood near, and Tommy pounced on that as a godsend, bore it to the wall, and was np like a monkey before I could reach the spot, The ladder was short, and be had to reach up and grasp the iron spikes to hoist himself up, As he did bo ' the rotten and mated iron gave way, and down he flopped at my feet with a sprained ankle, a broken leg, and many more pains and aches than he had simulated for the past few days. He was carried into the building and his leg set, and then I told him to be ready to accom pany me as soon as be was able to leave the establishment. He would say nothing regard ing the captain's chronometer, bot one of the nurses chanced to speak of the battle and his Btrange accusation against the cabman, and I gradually pieced the faots together well enough to clear up all mystifications but one, That was—where was the chronometer ? The cabman had it not, and every other patient and crevice in the ward was searched with a like result. I firmly believed that the chronometer had never been in the place, and that the charge against the cabman was only some eccentric ruBe on Tommy's part to draw our attention from the real hiding- place. I visited him occasionally during his stay in the Infi-mary, and at length when he was able to move took him with me and had him charged with the theft, But here an awkward cir cumstance aroBe, apparently to defeat justice. Captain Hosking had gone off to sea again before my capture of Tommy, and waB not re turned, bo that Tommy's identification could not be made. There was nothing for it but to remand him, when he kindly came to our help by confessing all that I have put down, But he insisted moat religiously that he had been robbed of the chronometer during his sleep, and aB one of the nurses had been discharged on suspicion of having pilfered from a dead patient 'X lost a good deal of time in ferreting after her. She proved to be innocent, having been out of the building on that par ticular night, and I was left as far from Buccess aB ever, A chance remark of Tommy's about the "simplicity" of Teddy O'Lacey drew my attention to that patient, and one day when I was in the building I walked to the old ward to have a talk with him. He wae gone and his bed occupied by a new patient. I got an outline of his address and began hunting for him in the West Port, While making thiB tour through one of the worst rookerieB in the place I met a Hainan Catholic priest well known to me, and hailed him at once with the question— " Do yon know one Teddy O'Lacey ?" The face of the priest became grave in a moment, and he appeared to me to think well before he answered, " Who are you after now 1 and what do you want with O'Lacey V' he slowly asked when he bad done thinking, . He was a keen-eyed, intelligent man, be loved as much for his acuteness as for his benevolence, and I Baw that his eyes were reading every line and expression of my face much as I have seen those of an anxious mother do when I have asked for her son, "Never mind what I want, bat tell me where he lives," I laughingly replied, " I want to see him, if you will know." The priest made no answer for a full minute, " Mr; McGovan," he said at last, with a tremor of deep feeling in his tones, " perhaps I know what you're Beeking, and perhaps I don't, But answer me one question ? Do you believe m6 ? Can you depend on my word of bonor as a Christian gentleman ?" " From my soul I can ?" I warmly responded, grasping bis proffered hand. " Well, then, take my advice, and don t show yonr face in that land to-day. If you do, I think what you seek will be destroyed. Wait another day and I will try to help you all I can, The man O'Lacey has been very ill, and he believes it's the visitation of God, which I do myself," and he lifted his hat and looked reverently upwards, '' Will you have patience for another day, especially when I assure you, on my soul's salvation, that by going there now you will not get and never see what you're after 2" "I will," I answered, after revolving the proposition lor a moment or two, and so we parted. ' Next day a starch-box, wrapped in brown paper and addressed to me, was handed into the office. Inside, in many folds of paper, was the captain's chronometer in its ohamois leather cover, bright, beautiful, and perfect as_ when it left the maker's hands. Binned to it was a paper, on which was badly written these words:— ''A contrite sinner restores what was wickedly stolen, and lifts a mightly load off hiB mind," I smiled, and though I made some enquiries after O'Lacey they never came to anything, Tommy Tait was duly identified by the captain and sentenced to seven years' retire ment, the captain getting back his chrono moter, and Baying and doing some handsome things on the occasion. The title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue i'b BILLY S BITE.. 