PROFESSOR KOCH'S DISCOVERT. Professor Kcch's discovery of a cure for consumption bids fair to eclipse Jenner's preventive for smallpox and Pasteur's for bjdropEobla. The two latter are among the most dreaded of the ills that fleah it heir to, but the former has hitherto been regarded as one of the most destruc tive, btcaose of Its wide range and Its , obstltate defiance of medical skill. The statement that one- seventh of mankind are victims of phthisical disease but faintly suggests what a terrible scourge it I» to sufferlDg humanity. With its painful process every one of us is unhappily familiar. Who has not seen the heclc flash giving unnatural brilliancy to the complexion, the slow wasting of strength, the fitful alternations of hope and fear, the cltagtog to life even when the seal of - death is visible to all observers, and the gradual sinking into the grave which skdl and affection were alike powerless to prevent ? If It be tone that an effectual antidote to the stealthy and remorseless enemy that has defied the faculty so long has actually been found, its discoverer will deservedly rank among the greatest benefactors of the race. The earlier Intimations of ProfeiSDr itopVa success were, received with a meaeore of Increduft'y. The vastness of the' feaon might ^excuse the lndalgenca of 4oabt«soto. whether the news were i(1Pi6t!5$oo Jgop4^ioHbi.- ferae. Oar tele grams plaJniyVaTb^^Stln Europe1 any tfuoh reierve^reaklag down. In one of them we were infbf'mea that a Kooh In stitute Is being founded in Berlin for the treatment of consumptive patients by the new method, similar to the Pasteur Institute of Paris. In another It was stated that the Cz»r of Russia had promised a subsidy to this establishment, and written an autograph letter congntZ' latlng Professor Koch on his discovery. We — tre also told that a society has been formed to supply the poor with lymph free of cost. There 7*s a further announce ment that Dr. Koch repudiated any Intention of making personal profit o-jt of his Investigations, and that he Intends to disclose all the details of his methods. A more recent telegram announces that tne German Emperor has presented him with a sum of two million marks, axd tbat it Is probable he will be farther rewarded with a title. To crown the whole, It Is said that he Is eaogulce of his ability to care all in fectious diseases, Includlngehoiera, typhus, and diphtheria. Such a wholesale bulletin as this Is calculated to seriously discourage students of medicine, and may spread consternation among the medical facalty. It forebodes nothing less than depriving them of the greater part of their cconpv tion, and heralds a complete revolution In the treatment of the direst diseases we know. Yet the advancement of modern science Is such that he muBt be either a very bold or a very Ignorant man who pronounces anything Impossible. Dr. Koch's method, so far as we under stand It, clrsely corresponds to that adopted for the prevention of smallpox by Dr. Jenner so many years ago, and which has proved of such world- wide efficacy. There Is of course a very wide difference. Tbe older man, groping In the dark, and with little else to guide him than external signs, stumbled, as it were, on the princi ple of vaccination. He did not, and could not ermprehend, the agency of a specific though infinlteslaially minuteorganlem,snd precisely how It might be met and over come. Ihe modern bacteriologist carries with him an electric lamp, which Illumi nates bis path and at the same time micro scopy Indefinitely Increases his visual power. Thus doubly equipped he Is able to trace symptoms to their source and to definitely ascertain both cause and effect, with their relation to each other. E-ght yean have elapsed since It was first shown ty Koch that consumption Is due to a minute vegetable organism— the bacillus tuberculosis, but the knowledge of this fact did not carry with It any Immediate relief. Indeed, the more this organism wss studied the more unmanageable It seemed to be. Its tenacity of life was found to be wonderful. Specimens were retained in test tubes for nine yews without losing their vitality. The bacillus was foend to be Identical in man and the lower animals, and to be communicable from one to the other, and It was ascer tained that the ordinary process of cook ing cannot be relied upon to destroy It. Its power of self- multiplication is bewildering, for It has been cal culated that a patient suffering from phthisis may eject twenty millions of bacilli in % single day, yet this number must be only a fraction of the myriads he retains. Even the old idea that consump tion, though hereditary, was not con tagious had to be given up. It was deti nltely proved that tbe handkerchief that wiped the mouth of a patient might con vey tuberculosis where there was a sus ceptibility to the disease. Had the In vestigation ended there It would have only added a new terror to life. With bacilli swarming In the air, crowding the water to the number of a million Inaoublo Inch, and perhaps frolicking In every joint of meat that had not been subjected to the heat of boiling water right through for a solid half- hour, people not so strong as to be proof against them could neither eat, drink, nor breathe with any degree of comfort. The temptation would be to give up the struggle by givlog up the ghost'. Happily we are not reduced to this ex tremity at present except as a la»t resort. It was eaey enough both to cultivate and to kill the bacilli, bnt the problem was how to destroy them without destroying tbe patient also. The solution of this question Is a triumph of patient and ua wearltd labor. We have yet to learn toe oatore of the deadly bacllilclde, but ap parently it Is a potent agent, for Its action, which was successfully tried on the lower animals before experiments were made with human belrgf, has encouraged the belief tbat it will conquer the cholera and tjpbold microbes also, or at any rate its operations have shown how they may be dealt with. The entire subject of germicide Is a fascinating study, and the fruit of recert Investigations in that field Is very rich The possibility Is presented of the specific cause of every hnman ailment befrg clearly known ana its special anti dote applied. The researches of Sir Joseph Lister, Professor Bay Lankester, snd others, are claBaed among she fairy tales of science. As one writer remarks, ' in these revelations we have the realisation in material shape of the most fantastic dreams of our myth evolving ancestors.' The difference Is that Instead of being Burroubded by tbe diminutive genii that figure In those old world stories we are said to be pervaded by them. Their home is in onr veins, and every Inch of our bodies Is unceasingly patrolled by them to guard us against onr numerous foes The detlgratlon they have received cf phagocytes, however appropriate aa a tctentlho designation, has no ethereal sug gestion abc.oi it, and so far does them less than justice. They have long been known as the white corpuscles of the blood, bat it ie a new discovery that they are individual mga»iama ever oit the watch to guard us fr-m baim by simply devouring what would be injurious. The suggestion is tbat now their particular functions and capabilities are ascertained it m»y be possible to make better vtitt of them. We knew ? before the Bifcrvscepe was Invented that purity of blood meant health, Impurity Illness, and blood poisoning death. The ? nuore perfect knowledge wUI; be -valuable - if It helps us to educate the phagocytes, tram them to attack specially offensive bacilli, strengthen them when enfeebled, and reinforce them when they are liable to be overpowered by numbers, Can sdence do thla for ml U ae it may re duce the causes of mortality to two— accident and old age. 