Diana's Diamonds. ciiAwnn xvit. Of oourao it is noedloss to romnrlc that I had novor boon in a thontro boforo, and lind tho vory vaguest idoa ns to what n thontro was lilco. First, whon wo nrrivod, wo wnllcod through n largo lighted vostiuulo liuod with marble pillars nnd lnrgo plants nnd pnlms in pots, l'hon we ascended a staircase nnd wont nlong a corridor, nnd finally a door was opened, nnd wo woro in n stngo-hox. 1 1 wns determined to do it in stylo when I wont nbout it nt nil,' suid Joo, complacently. 'None of your clionp back places for mo ! Besidos, I like to sit whoro I am woll soon whon I have a good-looking girl along with me.' ' How is it tlint you can play tho polished nnd ngroenblo gontloman sometimes ? ' I , inquired, ' whon at heart you aro ouoh a drondfully low, oommon, vulgar oroature ? ' 'Now, now! none of that kind of talk — no calling names, my little . dear 1 It's a full house. This piece always draws liko smoke-' It was a vory full houso, ns ho re marked. It seemed to mo a sea of faces from floor to ceiling, and not ono among thom that I had over seen boforo. . Cousin Joo, on tho contrary, re cognised at least n dozon of his own sort, and grinnod and nodded affably in various directions. He was appar ently proud of my companionship, for . Re mado mo draw up nnd sit well in front of tho box, nnd approached his chair very oloso to mo, leant his nrm on the back of it in an attitude of oasy familiar, nnd proceedod to . swoop tho scono with a pnir of bor rowed opera glasses. 'Lots of pooplo aro looking up here!' ho obsorvod, after n Bhort silence. 'And no wondor! You -.really are an uncommon-looking girl, . for all your wlnto fneo. I think it's your gohlon hair tlint fetches thom. Thoro is Tommy Long, of the Paddock newspaper, and Bob Caswell, tho comiosmgor. Thoy only want n nod from mo to fly up horo nnd bo pre sented. They will wondor who you nro, nnd thoir quostions might be a little awkward. Qnly tho noxt time they soo mo you will he my wifo! It's rather compromising for n girl to be seen at places of amusemont with a young man! I suppose you know that?' 'You are not' a young man,' I replied, ' you are bald. Bosidos, you are my cousiu, you can toll them that, and that you will never bo any nearer . relation.' ' Oil, won't I ! Just wait, and you will soo ! ' At this remark I turned my baok on him as fnr as possible and this manoeuvre brought my eyo to bear on our neighbours in tho nost ho. Two pretty girls, boautifully dressod, nnd two mon and an oldorly lady, thoy ono nnd all stared hard nt mo. And I gnzod bnclc full nt tho two girls, both so rofinod, so ologant-look- ing, who had probably novor had a caro in nil thoir livos. Ab I lookod in iguorant wonder and ndniirntion thoir lips ourlod, thoir ex pression boenmo haughty and con temptuous ; thoy whispered bohind thoir fnns and tittorod, and lookod at mo again with unabatod scornful curiosity. Decidedly thoy dospisod mo, and olnssod mo with my odious companion. I felt tho blood rising to my ohooks, nnd turned away hastily with a vory soro fooling at my hoart. Thoso two girls woro tho firet young Indios of my own ago nnd station that I had ovor boon oloso to in nil my lifo, and thoir airs nnd looks woro a koon disappoint ment. Presently tho curtain foil on tho first not, and oro tho orohostra had playod threo bars our bo burst opon, and wo had visitors — a largo fnir (artifici ally fair) lady in a low droBs of soa- groon satin, much trimmed with rnthor dainty white laco, long glovos, also rather soilod, and a bouquet of ricli flowors. She was followed by a man with vory curly block hoir and a waxed moustacho. Ho also exhibited a pro fusion of rings, and a vast expanse of shirt-front. ' Woll, Joo, how goos it ? ' inquired tho lady, playfully tapping him with her fan. 'This is ono of my nights off, and I am among the nudionco. Whon I saw youporohod up in a stage box, looking as if tho wholo show bo- longod to you, I thought I would just drop in and ask if your ship had ari'ivod, or if you had como in for a fortuno, or what was tho news? ' ' Yds,' said Joo, ' I am going to got my dosorts at last, Lizzio. I am going to bo a rich man ! This is my cousin from India — Miss Mannors. Sho is my fnthor's ward, and has tho fortuno of n Bogum, nnd I am glad to tell you that sho is going to' bestow both hand and fortuno on mo! Diana, this is Miss Lizzie De Montmorency, of tho Cookatoo Thontro, and Mr. Talbot, hor ngont nnd manager.' ' Delighted, . I am euro, to make your acquaintance,' snid Miss De Montmorency, gushingly. ' I've known Joe for yoars — you must keep him in ordor, my dear ! Jos is a very bad boy,' and she laughed boisterously. ' I havo nothing to say to keep ing him in order,' I replied, indig nantly, ' nnd do not boliovo him when ho tells you he is going to marry mo — for ho is not.' ' Thoro's hor littlo joke,' said Joo, facotiously. ' Sho is an awfully funny girl, and has a groat deal of dry humour about hor, though you would not guoss it.' ' Woll, I am glad to hoar it, for I liko a good laugh. All the same, I fancy Miss Mnnnors' humour is too ro finod to ho appreciated by mo. By tho way, .Too, sinco you nro so press ing, wo will nil tako supper with you nt tho old plnco. By all, I allude to Nollio nnd Jack Eraser, and Talbot and mo. You might sond round soon and toll them to put tho chnmpngno in ioo ! ' ' Woll, I will ! ' said Joo, in a hurst of gonorosity. ' It's, a poor hoart that novor rejoicos, and my cousin hore would liko to soo somothing of tho world. Sho lias boon brought up all hor lifo as quiotly as if sho woro in a convont — sho wns novor in n thontro in hor life till to-night ! ' ' You don't say so ! ' rejoined Miss Do Montmorency, opening hor grey oyos vory wido — she had a jolly-look ing, good-natured faco, and I thought if tho worst camo to tho worst I could throw mysolf on hor protection. ' Woll, you havo a groat treat in store, in going tho rounds of tho different shows. You must como and soo mo in " Mnrriod to a Monster." I daresay Joo has told , you that ho is ratlior partial to my acting — nnd to mo—but quite in a brotherly way ; you nood not bo a bit joalous.' 'That is tho last thing likely to occur to mo with regard to my cousin Joo.' '\ ' Well, ta, ta, for tho present, ' ris ing with a theatrical gesture;' 'wo shall moot anon,' and giving Joo a playful tap, with hor fan she sailod out of tho box. The ourtain was rising on net two, and oxhibiting a very brilliant scone, which, novel ns it was, had no charm for mo. My oyos, on the contrary, roved ovor tho dense crowds of strange faces that fillod the pit, etnlls, nnd boxos. Not ono of thom all — old, young, linndsomo, or ugly — wns tho face of n friend, which, considering how oxtroinoly limited my circlo was, was not tho least surprising. As I gnzod in a dull, npnthotio way, my heart suddenly gave a hound — such a bound that sot it off palpitating fastor tlma it had ever boatou in its lifo. Unless my oyos doceivod mo, as I sat thero hopolossly looking down, with cold clammy hands clasped in my lap, thoro in tho stalls, in tho third row from tho orchestra, nnd within two chairs from the end, sat a man who was either Captain Hnlford or his ghost. The' moro I lookod tho moro confidont I bocamo that I was gazing at no ghost, but at tho man himself. Oh! if ho would but see me, and save mo ! Alas ! his attention was ontiroly devoted to tho stage ; he novor onco took his eves from it, save now nnd thon to consult a paper he hold in his linnd — tho programme. How wns I to attract his attention ? Attract it I must. !?inco I had boon certain of his identity I had takon hoart. I was convincod most firmly that he was tho plank destined to I roseuo me from the sea of misery in which I wns ongulphod. I must ltoop my hoad, and bo cool, that was cortnin. Whilst I strenuously thought ovor ways nnd moans, a brilliant iaon struck mo. I noticed a considerable show of jowols, especially diamonds, on ladios in tho boxos and atolls, but all theirs put togetlior could not oolipse or shino down mine. They wore still tied up in tho hnndkorchiof. I put my hand in ray pocket, and folt thom thoro. Why not put thom on, and thoroby nttrnct univorsal attention with that dnzzling ring of light round my nook. But first of all I must pave tho way and break my bright intention vory delioatoly to Joe ; so concluding a long and sulky silonoo I said, in a most innooont man ner, — ' Cousin Joo, I soo many pooplo wearing diamonds; .that lady opposite, for instance, has rather bright onos. Would thoy bo considered— ' ' Considered good ! ' ho oohood, ' I should rathor imagine that thoy are. That is tho Countess of Storr, and those nro tho celebrated Storr dia monds.' 'Thoy aro not half as bright as mino,' I replied. 'I don't think much of thom ; but thon you havo not soon my neoklaco, have you? ' 'Ah! no,' ho rojoinod, with the utmost composure, littlo guessing tlint I had witnessed Carrie's display of tho contonts of tho pinoushion, and a lie more or loss mnde no difforenoe to him. ' Would you liko to soo thom ? ' I inquired, politely. ' Yes, of course I should ; hut whero are they ? Thoy are down at Rivals' (Troon, aro thoy not ? ' ' Oh, no. I novor movo without thom; thoy are far too precious to be out of my own kooping. I have thom in my pocket now.' ' You havo tliom — where ? ' de manded Joe, aghast. In my pooket,' was my composed reply. ' Good graoious ! and supposing your pookot was pioked ? ' ' How could it bo, whon I drove hero all tho way ? Would you liko to soo tho necklace ? ' ' I would ; and you- had bettor lot me tnke it in oharge,' ho addod, with rathor suspicious eagorness. ' Then horo it is ! ' I snid, drawing forth my parcel and slowly unknotting it. In another moment the wrapping of chamois leather was off, and there lay tho Begum's necklace glittering in my lap. ' By Jove ! ' ejaculated Joe, ' I never saw anything to come near that. It has a brilliancy and a look nbout it that almost stuns one at first sight. No wonder people talk of Begum jewels, I should think that necklace was matchless,' he added, eyeing it greedily. ' Fifteen thousand pounds is a long way under the mark — that is, if it were broken up, and tho atones disposed of separately.' ' But it is never going to be broken up. I mean to put it on and eclipse that lady opposite. Shall I, and draw all the sparks of light to myself ? ' ' Yes, do ' It ought to make a great show over your black dress.' And it did. In another second it was clasped on, and I turned my oyes to Joo to judge of the effect — blinding, as usual. ' It beats everything ! That centre stone especially is like a great eye of flro ! It actually blazes at mo as if it would liko to do mo some bodily harm. It looks as if it had a devil in it!' ' You have mado a vory good hit, cousin Joo. That centre stone is called " tho Evil Eyo," and thoy say it is bewitched, and that this necklace brings ill-luck to whoever moddlos with it. It is hundreds of yoars old, ns you may judge by tho setting.' ' Woll. it has never brought you any bad luok.' ' Perhaps not directly ; but I havo had nothing but misfortuno ovor sinoo it onmo into my possession, of which my chiofost after father's death was my prosont situation.' ' Thon give it to me,' ho oxolaimod, with a chuckle, ' nnd I'll chance tho ill-luok and Evil Eyo into the bar gain.' - ' I may not part with it — in fact, if I were superstitious I would say it would not be bestowed or got rid of ; it sticks to its owner for lifo ! ' ' Well, I am not superstitious, and if you will be advisod by mo, you will havo it broken up and sold in Amster dam. It iB too magnificent for a moro private person, nnd too dangerous and tempting an ornament. It is moro suitablo to bo among Grown jowols, or on tho nook of some reigning quoan, than in tho possession of au unsophis ticated littlo obit in a blaok cashmere frook, who carries it in hor pookot rolled up in a hnndkorchiof.' 'Soo! Evoryono is looking this way. Thoy hnvo nil spotted it, and no wondor,' ho cried exultantly. What Joo said wns porfootly truo. Tho amount of oyos now fastened on our box — on mo and my diamonds — wns positively ovorwholming. I wns dreadfully embarrassed, as may woll bo imagined. Fancy a secluded creature, liko mysolf, having to stnnd thebattory of about a thousand pnirs of eves ! Howovor, my ordeal would not bo too doarly bought, if only the pair of oyos would soo mo. But would tliey ? My neighbours in tho next box wero plainly overwhelmed. That I, a shabby, country girl, associated with a rod-facod, dissipatod-looking man, should suddenly invest my person with n nooklnoo worth a king's regalia, was, I fancy, tho most utterly astounding incidont thoy had over como across iu all thoir oxperiouco. How thoy stared — far more rospoct- fully this timo — and how thoy whis pered ! It soomod to mo that everyone stared, and dozens of opora-glasses wero fixed upon me, and Joe was notually inflated with pride, and leant back and stuck his thumbs in tho arm-holos of his waistcoat, and lookod forth on tho audionce as much as to say, ' Am I not a very fino follow ? This girl and hor diamonds belong to mo.' In spito of all my nttraotivonoss, Captain Halford had novor onco glancod towards mo as yot. Oh! if ho would, and would recognise mo, tlinnks to ray neoklaco, and its magnotio glittor, I would novor, as long as I livod, call my nocklaco bo- witohod or unlucky again ; for if ho noticed mo, and saved me, I would have to enter this groat good fortuno to the orodit of my diamonds. chapter xviii. At longth tho curtain foil, and Joo satisfied with triumph rose, nnd said ho thought if I did not mind ho would ' go and strotoh his legs, and havo a sraoko' for smoke road drink, mind! No words could express my joy whon I saw him riso. At the same moment, having nothing to diyort his attention in front, Oaptnin Halford turned, and looked up, and his glanco foil on mo. I saw him look stoadily towards mo, thon he had recourse to his glnsses. As tho box-door slammed on Joe I leant over, and without a thought of whether it was proper or not, oagorly bookoned him to join me. So hasty was his nccoptnnco of my invitation that ho must actually have passod Joo in .tho passage, for ovon to my im patient brain baroly a minuto had elapsod boforo Captain Halford stood in Joo's place, with his hand in mine. ' Oh, Miss Manners ! This is, in- dood, an unoxpected ploasure ! When did you arrive in England ? who would have expected to see you ? and how is your fnther ? ' 'This is for my fathor,' I said, touching my black gown. ' I have no timo to toll you all now. Seconds aro precious, my gaoler has only just left me for n 'moment. Captain Halford, I appeal to you to save me. 1 have not a friend in tho world, except Peggy, my nurso ; and your words to mo thnt morning wo parted at the old Pnlnco wero ' ' I know ! and I stand by them now, Miss Manners. Thoy wore, if you ever want a friend you have one in Hugh Halford. What can I do for yon ? What is your trouble ? ' 1 My father mado his only brother my guardian. His name is Isaac Manners, and he and his wicked daughter-in-law, who is' a widow, and his dreadful son, have me entirely in thoir power. I heard thom plotting, and they divided mo and my possess ions as follows : Joo is to marry mo, and havo twenty thousand pounds ; Carrie my necklace,' and Uncle Isaac will take ten thousand for his share, and thinks it but moderate.' ' And what is your cousin like ? ' ' He is odious, hateful ! He — he drinks ; yes, and he has not a penny in tho world, and is over head and ears in debt. He and Carrie brought me to town for tho day, and then he ' decoyed me to a lodging, whero ho has kept me a prisoner for a week. I bribed the servant with my watch to post a letter for me. She took tho bribe, but I know Peggy never got the letter. He, Joe, has bought a license. He says he is going to marry mo to-morrow ; that is my wedding bouquet ; he bought it this afternoon. Bather than marry Joe I shall kill my self somehow, and if you save mo now, Captain Halford, I shall owe you my lifo.' ' Save you ! Of courso I will. I shall tako you off to my aunt's, nnd thon you can snap your fingers at your nice relations. It is rather awk ward tlmt this dreadful old unole i3 your guardian, and you nro under ngo, but we will manago to boat them. I soo you havo the diamonds on — the famous nooklnce ! ' ' Yos, I only put it on — it wns tied up in my handkerchief — knowing it would attract notice, and hoping it would catch your oyos. For. a long time you never lookod this way, and I began to despair,' wh'en luokily, just as Joo was leaving,; yoti, looked up. Oh ! Captain Halford, I fool, I know, that you will save mo. - My hopos begin to riso once more.' ' Where aro you living ? Where aro thoso lodgings ? ' ' At Parn'iiso-placo ; but wo aro not going straight homo. We are going to supper with somo actresses at tho Golden Roso Restaurant, and you will havo to ho vory sharp, and plan somo way of oscapo, for Joo watches me liko a lynx. Sovoral timos I havo triod to oludo him, nnd failed. Hero,' de taching my nocklaco. ' please keop this. Put it in your pookot ; it will bo somothing out of tho fire at Toast— somothing boyond Joo's reach.' ' No, no ! lcoop it yourself,' ho re plied. ' I won't,' pushing it baok. ' If I oscapo I can have it again ; if not I give it to you. I should liko yon to havo it. It is worth a great deal of money, and I liopo it will bring you moro luck than it has ever brought mo ! ' ' Miss Manners, oxcuse mo, you are talking nonsonse! Excuse mo, do you imagino that I am going to rob you of your lovely diamonds ? ' ' No, but if I don't got off to-night I shall kill mvsolf, nnd I would far rather you — you benefited by my diamonds than my cousin Joo, who would of courso havo thorn otborwiso. Don't you understand ? ' 'Your Into oxperioncos have mado yon morbid. Roly on mo, I shall ltppp your nocklaco for tho prosont, and'-I' won't lot you out of my sight until you nro undor my aunt's roof. I slinll follow you to tho restaurant, and romembor wo aro strangers. Mean while, ns I .soo tho moBt of tho mon returning to their placos, for prudence sako, I must go now. Rely on mo. You are as safo from your cousin Joo now ns if your woro sitting in my aunt's drawing-room. The only thing you have to do is to koop cool. I updortake tho rest.' Captain Halford departed in tho nick of timo; two minutes Intor tho box door swung opon with a violenoo that threatened its hingos ; and Joo, two shades redder in tho faco than whon ho had gono out to 'smoke,' staggered in and sank into n chair as if ho was oxtromoly glad to como to anohor. ' "Woll, nnd how have yon boon gotting on,' ho nskod, for ho had hot ter control ovor his spooch than his limb3, ' Not found it too dull in my absenoe, have you ? ' 'No, not at all,' I replied oheer- fully. ' Ah ! that's right. Pooplo still staring away as hard as over, I see. No end of fellows oame up to me just now to know who you woro, and whero you got tho diamonds, and all sorts of questions.' ' Yes ; and what did you say ? ' 'Well, I snid,' hitohing himself forward, and throwing his arm across tho back of my chair, 'that you woro my future "missus," and that tho diamonds were part of the spoil of Dolhi, and presented to my uncle John who was no end of a swell in the EnBt — a kind of prince.' ' Was one part of your story ns truo as the other ? ' I said, recoiling from him sideways. ' It was, my nngol ! ' I glancod down and saw that Cap tain Hnlford's opera - glasses were fixed on our box and fooussed on my detested companion. Of courso Joe naturally attributed all notice now to my diamonds, and anyone could store with impunity. 'I wish, Joo, you would koop to your own placo, and not squeeze me into n corner. I want to see tho play and hoar what tho actors are saying, so plenso do not talk ! ' and I turned my hoad and devoted my attention to the stage. All the samo, I soarcely remember a single thing about the piece, and I do not think' I heard a word of what tho aotors wore saying. All tho timo I was asking ' myself, How am I to give Joo the slip ? How am I to escape from Joe ? fTo he continued. J 