A FREE MARKET 1 The literal meaning of the wold ' Fsir,' In -Us commercial sense, is a **free market.'- Iu ot3w words, a ' fsii^'mesjis a market st wbici all andeverj maT mrdiiK or not without beina subjected to fee « tax, and also where all and every can sen wttn- | out anv such as nttsch to ordinary : maikets. At one time tbe fairs in England were grttt features in the socia and industrial lifs of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino eommmdeateon which resulted, these fair* have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respsrta, but inevitable under the changed cosditiaa of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashl rmed methods obtain in these fast ^o-s -head colonies. life is not so slow ant Ikhanrie' as in IkiiUl and business it done wxth * moTfliwot sad fores to vbish, even in fhis -day, _ few proTindal folk is Ihe old country axe accustomed. This, however, is a necesaty, following npon on freer saS cioze prosperous condHfto&t; as wc31 as the awakened j wwfgipi ?*iti infaHtgwi«» oT tbe last half century, life, too, thongb Isagcv in its avenge tfasa. on . TOthy facefathexi enjoyed, is stffl too abort fo- alow or ctmbiPBS 'methods; a®d the ait now is solicit in ell directions to do as much In an hovr at 100 yeaxs'ago was aounnQAed in a week. ' Tibs, bmrero, is -abta ' master fb nana. If we ive at h5^ ^eBSince, WT- oito fiigiiPT rewards tfasn .lbs . folk eotild posnfaly fpani. The avecsge esr&ing; capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a bated fdU gnats, is note equally distabobed tiaals those ^good old dsyi' -which seribnentaK^s an ccmtinuidly regriftting— peopie,b j^e way, who are of ^pless constitution to that of LariHMtttiB who wrote:— m TM: pnw»»^| iMrw?ngl trfi and eoguaegee die, But gire ta back our own nobility People nowadays have money to spend, a&d; as edoe - spend ft wisely, we find great establishment^ such ai Ibf and Oibeoa'a, of Smith street, CoUingwooA, sjitn^iiiji into wiBtfppfl, whose impose it Is to crisply to a weG-to-do population, comforts, the neeessases, the tiegandes and rettwenmits of home life. Here we panaa to ''w a correction. We have mat fain are unknown ia Antnlia. We an wrong* At this present moment, the Aim we -fcave mentioned, Messrs. Foy a&d; (Hbsoa, are conducting a gigastifi Fair, and to ne 'a gxapbic, t&oo;^fa. petbape aomewbat vulgar, eKpressioa. 4-it is a sight to do son eyes good.' Any theatrical manager who may'happeo paac aieaais. jroyana mnsan s kick ewps oano^ the day must, indeed, hare a luge and generoia xoind if he forbear from aaizh of «i*y as he' notes j pif throng press of people into and out of those places. . AH moved by tbe one impnlse — an cages dsmre to avail themselves of the advantages offered by | Foy and Oibion to purchasers during their great ! Pair. - i To the benevolent it most give pleasure to ; re&ect; that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds arc rendered happier by their attendance at this ftit The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of 'which such nmnbaa of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than hM hitherto ruled her. The xastrsn who has ucmefl one of these splendid Brussels carpets a! 4s. Gd. per yard will feci a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who -has pur a«iw! Iitk suites of furniture for the borne c which he shall pcwarily his bride, is filled with a wnse of importance and respPnsjFMlity, to which hitherto, hiishiitle^alovecly bachelor days, he has been an titter stranger. Iu a word, is] impossible for a reflecting observer to look on st the eessdest influx and out ~flua to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higftei puzposethanpethapfl ever entered into the cskula tioos of the originators themselves. Wedonotsup* p^ffcafWaawi ffayaM flihsna, WWlfaiipM. ? ingthe estatiiriiment of these fairs, took into re^ f-»n?wg Hi» philaiithroptc aspect of the Sot as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en* texpsise, and Mean. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to then the important, though intangible balance of an a* di sm il pnjulir rrmfrnfmrnt Then is another lesson lo learn from these fairs, and ttiat is, that in the hands of capable men, no ; however intricate or complicated, am bcpaal Ac influence of method. Tbe piles by whfcb this great ! , establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the : Hedes and Persians. A fixed system— result | of long experience-* vid large business ex- i jpetieaee, controls e*»ty detail of the bnsi* aess, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our soind, with much of tiie throb and pulse of Che steam angme. Some idea may be formed by those who ha vs new visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their atee when we lufmui then that the frontage yiiwiifli SSOft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to little Oxford street of SODft. The grea ahow rooms, £21^1 with the sostiles^ of fsmlalns raiment aie enocmpus apartments. We wonder if . phostaofdepart^bellMassembleh^o'njghtsand, ' amidst .dafajtysflks tnflvdra^aad laess,' jmdothis . WwildectQg maUcss, taste^again, ''some jflqht Itatov ?? of the d^lgbb* whlch enee mated1 tbim to the llesh. , We do sotlbdiere in ghoats, but, as «e have Xi'j Shakespeare* authority that there are more things m heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts* ? de* parted fair -ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People— ladies in particular— who want a new srnnnfa'nn, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fsir; and if they, bavin done so do sot \- experience a sensation as of one who fas* beheld anew ; revelation, all we can say is that they must be vsfcy | blaaf and played out. Fereuch people there is but I nw- resource — patent— medicines.— {Ad vt»1 