MANURES AND SOMETHING ABOU t PLANTS AND SOILS.— No. V. [By BXRECCTIUS, in the Sydney Morning Herald] ' I promised to tell you something abou green crop manuring, as I think this is a matter which deserves much more attention and consideration than it receives in the colony. I trust you will attend carefully to what I am going to Bay. For gardens a green crop is seldom grown for tbe purpose of digging in aa in mure ; but I see no reason why certain kiads of plants Bhonld not ba grown for the purpos 3 on any spot that may have to remain vacant for some time. Far preferable to allowing weeds to grow, but it is far better to dig ia tbe weedi than to hoe them up and bora them.' ' Oh yeB, that's all very 'fine about digging ia weeds, bat wait until your garden is pretty well over-ran with couch grasB and see what the result will be,.!' 'No, certainly I should not dream of digging in ooach grass. Tiie best plan to with this pest is to fork it out and dry it, after knocking out the soil ; and when it ia quite dead spread it over your groand and then dig it in.' 'Oh, bat it's far easier to bnrn it.' 'So it is, but then you must re member that the most valuable portion, the nitrogen, will be burnt off and fly a way beyond recovery.' 'Yon are everlastingsy dragging in this nitrogen.' 'Qjite so; and wheayou can bring yourself to realise the true valae and importance of nitrogen you will bother about it a little more. Although not txtotly in keeping with my subject. I may j ias as well Bay something about burning rubbish, aa you started the matter. Fire is inuoh too freely resorted to by gardeners, faimexB, and others in these cjloaiee. Taose who grow maize too frequently burn off the hueks, stalks, and cobs; of coorae it is some trouble to plough in the stalks, bo1, the huBka and oobB oan easily be spread about and machines have been invented for oatttDg up the stalks, bat they are not in general use. Tae sugar planters burn off enormous quantities of cane tops and leaves, the wheat farmers their straw where the strippers are used, and tbe gardeners as much garden rubbish as they can. When you come to seriously think over this ion will see wnat a terrible loss of valaable manure is $?*'*$, and h»«»Hq'- the actual staff. -, burnt a v^Bt quantity oFThe organic matter in the surface soil it burnt at the same time and the nitiogen lost for ever. You should see the big ' burns off ' of tbe eugar cane planters wben their top* and tr3ah is sufficiently dry. It no wonder tbat tbeir soil is impoverished and ttut the we'ght of oane falls off.' 'It is all very rice for you to preach , but how are the-e unfor tunate chapa to know that their pcac'.ioe is wxorjg. Everyone does it, tbeir fathers did it, thtrei. re they do it, thid ia the logic of tba whole think ' 'Yutt are quite rUiht, my frii- nd. aud tfam :a 'inc leikiin whv I am uinmi iog aIi theie vnlujbit) leprous ict j j oj. Waea I bave finished with you, then you era 'spread all you know to someone elee and bo on. E very man if be likes and has tbe welfare of his fellow cnaturee at heart can do great good if he tries.' ' But how is it that plants actually do grow better alter a fire? Why, in old stumpboles I've seen things grow eo fine and high tbat it would take two men and a bsy to see to the top of them, one man looking all one day, the other man continuing the lookiog the next day, and the boy finishing up oa the third !' ' Bo the plants will grow better for some time (and there may still be nitrogeaoaa matter in the soil, although a vast quantity has been wasted) because certain salts have baen liberated by the fire and have been made im rrediately available for plants, and ia the old etnmphole large accumulations of ash oun BtituentB of plants. But I have Btumpaolea on which nothing would grow until manure had been supplied. You may xett certaia about one thing, arid that is the more yon burn off the residue of crops on the land whioh has growa tbere the eooner your soil will require manure. Speaking about cornstalks pats me ia mind of a curious thing I saw not long ago. A number of stalks were scattered pretty thiokly about nnder some orange trees — stowed tbere out of the way I suppose, Well, these had rotted a bit and tbe fibrous surface-roots of tbe orange trees bed grown np out of the soil. Amongst tbe cornstalks they looked like millions of thin worms twisted in, oat, and about, and were most greedily and gratefully suokiag thatr needed food from the welcome rotting stalks, bat no one seemed to observtrthis important obj mi leeeon or take a hint from nature. This was a splendid instance of green manuring. Being in a somewhat humid climate, the corastaika totted pretty soon without requiring to ba covered by soil. 'Tbe practice of sowing certain plants for tbe purpose of ploughing them into the soil for manure has obtained ia some countries from time immemorial, and toe plants foaad moBt suitable for tbe purpose belong to the leguruinouB order, although other orders of plants are need with exoellent results. It is said that tbe Cbinese have for thousands of years sown a species of ooronilla, and also a trefoil to dig into the soil aa m&nare; foe thtir rice fields. The Greeks and Rimaus were thoroughly aware of the benefits to be derived from green manuring and ploughed ia lucern. Xenophon, whom you maet have heard about at school, recommended tbe practice strongly, and said that green plants ! enrich thf- crops aB much as dang.' ' Why, I thoucht Xenopbon was a general or something of tbat sort. What could he know about f armir g ?' ' Well, he kne w bo much, although he was crjly a general, that if he could visit us now and take up a selection he would run rings 1 round Dine tenths of our agriculturists and make a comfortable living where many would starve, and do it without any farther study, i Let me continue. At the present day it is the ! practice in some countries to sow a crop such , as clover or lucern, cat it once or twice, let it I grow a little again, and then plough in ; or else j feed eff w ilh eheep and then plough in ; but br ' tbe feeding and cutting for food there is some '- Ioeb of nitrogen and other constituents, whereas when the crop is dug or ploughed ia there is no loss. The best time to plough iu i 4he orrp ib wben the plants are just about to ? flower, for then they contain the largest ; quantity of easily soluble substances and will j quickly decompose ia the soil; thas a great quantity of available food h&s; bt en accumulated by one crop for tbat succeeding it. and at tbe same time the soil receives a large supply of j bumus wbich has an important mecu*nia*l t fleet. Sandy soil is particularly oeoi-fuacl i 1 Tbe ploughing ic of gretn vegtta'otaa ' »»S8 I Professor Johnstoo. ' on tbe spot where ttt-y ? bave grown may be followed as a method of ; manuring and enriching all land -when ottier rcarmreB are leis abundant. Growing p'ants ' bring up from beneath ae far as their roots I extend those inorganic tubtsanoes which are , asefnl to vegetation, and retain them ia their ! leaves and stems. By_after*ards ploughing j in tbe whole plant we restore to the surface what had previously sunk to a greater or lean deptb, and thus make it more fertile balore the green crop was eown . . Ia no other form can the same crop convey to the soil aa equal amount of enriching matter aB tbat in green leaves and stems. . . , Hence the selection of particular crops for the purpose of green manuring, those beiog obvious y the fittest whioh in the given soil and climate grow most rapidly, or whioh produce the largest quantity of vegetable matter in the shortest time and at the smallest cost.' I will now give an idea of what kinds of plant* are grown for green manuring, for this may be of very great use to yoa some time. Tbe white lupin (Lupinus alba) iatnsed extensively in Italy, the south of France, Portugal, aud ia Germany, where miserable, sandy, almost barren tract* ol country axe brought into a productive condition by its aid. It is a very deep-tooting plant of qoick growth, it can stand droughts to a great extent, wai it pro duces a very large quantity of exoellent leaves and sterna. Baron Mueller says that it i« faired as the ' Tramoso in Portugal to suppress oriel and other obstinate weeds by its close jfati! £asy growth.' This it worth UViog a n tfe of, brtattteC?'*1 h-w become a fearful pest ia many parts «f *£e oo'ony. A. plant known as sparry (Spergala iSH0*i-) ji most beneficial to jT or, dry, sandy soils w&fcO; pIpQRhed in green. Von Viufiht writes :— ?Tbat bf »uO treat Tieat tbe wont shifting sinds may be mftde W F«M remunerative crops of rye, that to* ttQft worthlFH sands are more improved by it tharT tboee of a better natural quality, that the gmn manuring every other year not only Boumbes tnffioiently the alternate crops of rye bnt gradually ennches tbe soil, and that it fncreaeeB tbe effect of any other manure that m»y be put on. Tde vettcb, buckwheat, white rxuitard, tare*, peas, clover, and rape an aU nown for the same purpose. In the United feta£f» clover is very extensively sown, and mairareC w'h gypsnm, before a wheat orop with excelled* results. Another sort of green manuring is that practised in some parts of Germany, I believe, by chopping op the prnainga of vines and digging these into the vineyards. Such a method was adopted by tbe Romans. As tbe system of manoring bf green cropi would be of great benefit to many portions of the colony if adopted, I have told yon a great deal more aboat it than I intended. If yon bave sorrel, try the white lapin ; if yoa have a miserable sandy place, try sparry or inpin; u yon nave heavy day soil, fry clover; and if; yo« toil is moist when yon plough in, the better and quicker tbe plants will decompose.' ' I should think from what yoa have told me that clover aud f hoee other plants ma&t; gather from the air,' Well, as I eaid before, some of oar greatest scientific agriculturists still seem to donbt this, bat o^!erB of P*6** 'Potations seem to think they have i^1™*, it-notablj » very eminent experimentafiBt, t^eeeo* *? Wagner, director of the Agricultural ^eareh Station, Darmstadt, who has been Ter? carefully investigating this question lately. «*18 opinion is that leguminous plants, ad peas, clover, lucern, &c;, require a small supply of nitro^a to be present in the soil in an available c -n- dition at an early stage of their growth; bat only for a short time, and that afterwards they can collect all the nitrogen they require from the air. If this is correct, its importance is enormous as I pointed oat before. Wagner eays: 'In the growth of nitrogen inc reason (peap, vetches, &c; ) three stages can be dis tinguished. Subsistence on nitrogen in the seed, subsistence on nitrogen from nitrates ia the Boils, and subsistence on nitrogen from the air, but until they acquire a oapaoity of dcawe ing nitrogen from the air it is exceedingly difficult for them to dispense with tha nitrogen contained in the sciL,' He strongly re commends farmers to 'Row Innine. narra/lill* (bird foot), or clover among the cereal which is being grown as the principal orop, and plough the plants, which develop after the corn is reaped into the soil, in late autumn or early spring.' lie mentions that Mr. Newhaus, of Solohowi who has had much experience ia this method of cultivation puts 35 to 55 lb. of good Btrradillaseed per acre among cereals (rye, oats, barltp) when about 6 in. high, by means of a eowing machine. If the ground is not in drills the seed must be covered up to some extent by harrowing once. About the time of tha flowering of the rye— earlier if the crop is very thick, later if thin— SO lb. of lupin a«ed is scattered among the orop. 'Unless the autumn iB exceptionally dry they gr jw luxu riantly and in favorable years yield a mass of vegetation, which, according to Mr. Newhaos, corresponds including the roots to a^qaantitjr of no less than 125 lb. of nitrogen per aore — that ib to say, as U contained in 25.000 lb. of 6 table manure In addition to this — aB re searches of mine have bdowl — the nitrogen contained in tbe green plant subetanoe aats very rxtrch faster than that contained ia stable manure.' ProfeBBer Wagner proceeds to state: ' 'Bnt_ for this there is one coodit on— sufficient water, sufficient phosphoric aoid, potaeh and lime ; tbe nitrogen collecting plant makes Ibis demand on the soil, it then provides nitrrgen for itself. . . The nitrogen col lectors must be provided not with a supera bundance, but with a sufficient txseaa of cLoEphorio acid and potash.' Schaltz. of Lupitz, B&ya; :— ' Nitrogen of itself ia with the exception of water, the moat potent motiva power in nature bb regards existence, increase and work. To procure it, to common 1 it, is the problem ; to make much of it ia - ecooomy ; to make it inexhaustible sources serviceable brings prosperity.' ' Let us now consider bone-dost, whioh is need perhaps more than any other manure in the colony. Bones axe chiefly valued for the preponderance of the phosphate of lime they fcusif m ' tint ia artitifinn they mntaiaa^floo- ^ siderable percentage of nitrogen. Their valae an manure is contirgent on their being divided itito as small particles as possible ; the fine* they are divided tte better, and the quicker is tbe £-;*;ion in Ibe soil ai fetilizers. Good bone duet should contain 45 per cent, of phosphate o( lime and about 4 per cent, of nitrogen. Very often, unfortunate!? for the porohaier, the gelatine which contains the nitrosea is extracted for glue or for Borne of the delightful eiliee you eat. from old rotten bones ; therefore if jog can avoid it, do not buy bone-dajt fiom a glue manufactory. It ia all right enough for ibe /at to be extracted, for this c»a bedoae witb ease with removing the gelatine, or very Jittle of it, by boiling gent'y in open vessels. To extract the gelatine the bonea are bailed under pressure in closed vessels. Fat in bone dust i& a great objection, for it retards tbe decomposition of bones ia the soil ; bat tae gelatine is not only of great valae as manure, bnt afpo became it greatly assist decomposition. Prufestor P»nl Wagner advises thit petroleum be need to t x tract the fat, by whicn means ncnecf the nitrogen is loBt. It will give yoa ? a good idea of tbe proportion of valuable sub &tance8; wbich bone dust should contain by cena paring it with stable manure. One too of bone-dust ie said to contain aboat as maob. nitrogen aa iB contained in 8i tons of fregh tt&ble; manure, and aB mncti pboBphorio as 110 ten of fresh stable manure; bat it contains little or no potach. This manure i« frequently adulterated, or somehow or other gets mixed pp with foreign matter whioh hai no bosineaa in it ; and, singularly enough, the finer the bone dust tbe more foreign matter seems to have aa affinity for it. Good bonedast should not contain mote than 3 or 4 per cent, of foreign natter ; bnt it is sometimes found to contain 10 or 15 per cent. If yoa purchase bone-dost which turns out to be exceedingly dry yoa will be jaBtifitd in supposing it to contain gypsum cr snlpbate of luxe. Sometimes it is found to cmtsin old lime rnbbisb, sand, and other valneltEB subBtaroes. A very fair approxima tion of tbe percentage of adulteration, if any, of bene-dust yoa bay can bs ascertained by tskicg a small qiantity of a fair sample, weighing it carefniiy, say 2 or 8 ounces, then placing it on a clean red-hot shovel and thas allowing as much volatile matter to blow off as poBBible. When nothing bat an ash remains duBt tbiB off carefully with a feather into ? glass vessel containing some spirits of «alt (riiuriatic aoid), and let it dissolve; then filter throngh a paper, and wben dry carafaUjr wei^h the undissolved residue, which will represent foreign matter. If you think it worth while, send a fair sample to aa analytical cberxiat. and be will tell you for certain whether it is adulterated or not. It may or may not be worth while to pay for eand and its carriage ; but it is worth wbre to remember that 10 per cent, of sand means 2 c«rt. in a ten. * If yoa «nh to ciuee bone-dust to ferment, become soluble, and cjnsiqiently speedy in its action in the soil, yoa can do so to a consider able extent by moistening the bones with water or better still liquid manure ortnina, and mixing them with soil and ashes ; bat they thould be covered with old bags or anything cor-venient. In a week or two this mixture will be ready for tub. Another plan sometimes t ffectaally adopted, is to make alternate layers of bone-dust and stable manure; cover this with soil and allow it to ferment, Dr. J. StockhaTo't says: ' It is certainly moat sdvantageooB to employ bone-dnst like all sub sidiary manureB, not as an exclasive manure, but in Cf mSination with stable dang, whereby tbe latter is bo strengthened that one load will accomplish as maob as two without this ac dition. Ia a chemical point of veiw this method of proceeding claims to be designated as tbe most rational and preferable, since it leads to a mutual completion and eqialisatioa of tbe ingredients, imparting to the mixture a cipher value, and especially to a more certain opt ration tba& either of tht*e manuring ageat* wonld have separately.' ' Aa American plan,' saj e Mclvor, ' frr dissolving bones c insists in fiilirg au old barrel with alternate layers .of vdoiJ atbeB a&d; fresh bones broken in pieces *itb tismttiFra and slightly wetting from time lo tine with hot water. This ia said to produce i n « xcellent easily soluble manure.' ' Bons c utt is most efficacious on sandy soil ; on heavy ►oils its i fleets are somewhat slow and it has a tendency to cause the groand to cake, Tais manure is applied in severs! ways — by drills, or braodcaet ahowers, or by hand, when this work would not be to great, such as ia a garden or otcbatd, To distribute this evenly by hand requires some practise, bat by going system atically to work and ascertaining beforehand tbe area of tbe land over which you intend Co spread tbe manure, tbe thing oan be easily done. If yon can keep in mind that an scte ol land contains 4,840 1 qua*e yards you oarr easily calculate how m»ny tqoare yards a quarter, art pipbtb, or a eixteenth will contain. Very well then : a ton of bone-dust contains 8,240 lb. Now if yon intend to spread this ton ov« an lacre of land by hand, your beat plan is to find oat how mnoh mast be spread over a tqaare yard or a tqaarefoot By a little sum Joa will find that a square yard will require a pinch or two over half a pound, or a square foot will r* qaire aboat an canoe and one quarter, roughly, speaking. Of course it would be altogether impracticable to weigh oat pcuad by pound your manures yon can a#certain what your fist-fall will weigh, ^ - and then jodga near enough from that^gr yoa can easily devise some other simple meaju «ow.. , that joa know what to do. ThU ?gaten jjio, can apply to any dry artifioil manure whea jmi»x wish to be fairly exact. If yon appmiMBf Z « quantity only, ur S owl. per mm, wtug^t^ftlftn ; be atrplft foe ptmi ?jtipisi 5^ trmwrfsj, ^-p': should mixt^mopjwith dry aoil— not asttst ' mind-but dry soiL ,S»y hsM and naif.. Yoa\ (M Uwb (jittrtbnto town praoh MftrtjjMHijHy sum! ** ? e*enb.? ''WeD, bow cwIWl what a square mrditHeant g»aad mtmn «wry yari I' *Nq^I-at you can step* yaid,a?iMly? Three '*et ty three feet meaaeaea a .sqnaie-yaxd? and if jpn^annot learn to. judge m*u»jm1 by *t*ii$i-g, I advise yonjojrwiiinaJl thought of 'Saddening, *0S- yOQ ttk9vflUBQ ?OjlHfffl ft QEOOX6Q eye, and iL*° 'W«|pd an bound to spoil = e^^t-htoB^ 'BoMdnst ia greatly used ty frmt-growen, who often continued to aafly it yew after yen or a CMMMcirrtiVi time, Now On couttamd on MliilirtrV _~* pxobebtyarWMte of time and ?mmp fov bib Hu seoBiroB a npetabondaiit asm^nt phosphoric add, aamall percentage potaabfia very important ppnstttoent olfmit UewttunwlM*. to»y nothing of tbo«appJy s*qunrfaBdt»k«ii-waybythetottande«ds. Man of -mr saodstorjea «sd abates eMftuna hmShwWn proportion of thfe j&Ompa;* is a ?«r inaohrtde fora fact*! no finnic*. aicnan two aandfcof «*»?'*?»?» ?» tKfaMfa mk» and the other *Mgne«an iinea, »itwrtaiiia »»«r» tosripoc^ otttfk iiitiiUnin The first Had esBtaua sotna*fa»t ever Sfa* ant of potash, and toe latter stoat Cre* oant. Itia ao wonder thataomaaybf euonbavda a©ffer from all aortrof dswatea; for tbe trees cannot possibly be in nrorxsrhealth wxtaoot ttm required food, Tbfir besans lite sic* animate infested by parasite*, wimble frogs weakoen to resist their attacks. Qao* sunaikb orangea and lemons may be aeea growing wild in the both in perfect health, »-m1 not a, ghost of a scale to be seen on them. The* aw Rowing, possibly when they ean o&tuB;^3 the food they need. In Ofaesbise, in England, where the renowned cheese is made, many yean ago the pastures fell off. immensely in vatce. Inplaoe of good grasses ill weede Brew, until it was discovered thatthttappli eation of broken op bone* made an astonishing imptovement, Tbe weeds, disappeared, good wholesome glasses and clovers reappeared as if by magic, and the practice of 'boning1 the pas totes' Weaane general. Taen prosperity retarned to toe district, audit is said that tin pastures to wbiefa bones were applied very soon increased aVvarne by 38s. per acre (rent). The reason of the deterioration of the pastures was that the chief constttnenta— nitrogen and phosphoric acid— supplied by tbe bones bad been eaten oat of the soil by the cows, and seat away in uTbs application of broken up bone to the soil was the Initiation of manuring by artificial maanrea. From that tfniB to the present day themnuTatture of ih «e mannns has gradually increased to enormons proportion?! I shall now aay something about the next bast manure in tiie colony, and that is superphosphate of lints ; the transition is easy becmte tin greater part of tbe superphosphate in these calonies is produced frexn bones.' 