MORE GHOST STORIES. \- - r (London Standard.) In the current volume of the *' Proceed- t ings of the Society of Psychical Research," ] Mr. Myers gives us another assortment of particularly weird and well authenticated ghost stories, together with an exceedingly ingenious essay, in which he attempts to p construct a complete philosophy of plants'- I may appearances. Though the majority of mankind will require a deal stronger evidence than that actually adduced to make them believe in Mr. Myers's conclusions, it must be admitted that, if his promises are ] granted, his theory explains the apparent j. difficulties and inconsistencies of the various phenomena of ghostly manifestations better than any other which has ever been put forward. His hypothesis is, in reality, as purely chimerical as the facts upon which it is based; but its lack of substantiality is J due to the unsoundness of the premises rather than to any want of abstract logic, t Were the stories he has collected of thought transference, and of apparitions of the dead, as true as Mr. Myers believes them to be, it would be difficult to j object to his explanation. But this being A so, his conclusions are necessarily interesting to all those who are not prepared to dismiss every ghost story as pure nonsense. Persons who, with Dr. Johnson and Sir Walter Scott, prefer to hold a dubious mind as to the return of disembodied spirits will, therefore, most certainly be not a little attracted to Mr. Myers's paper on " Recog- nised Apparitions occurring more than a Year after Death." Though AVO cannot quote here any of the thrilling statements made to the secretary of the Psychical Society, we may attempt to state Mr. Myers's explanation of the phenomena recorded. In the first place, he assumes that the evidence already collected by the Psychical Society proves that a living person can, under certain circumstances, succeed in projecting an image of himself upon the mind of another individual at a distance. For instance, he mentions as well authenticated the fact that a certain Huron A on Nothing, in Avalon conditions, desired to impress himself upon a person out of sight, and succeeded in doing so. When, however, he did so, he was unable to tell whether he had or not, in the particular case, accomplished his object. Now, if AVO suppose that a deceased person's discarnato or disembodied intelligence has this power of projecting a mental picture on some living month, without, however, being conscious of having done so, AVO shall have what is at least a conceivable explanation of a phantasm of the dead, and one which will account for the apparent aimlessness and in consequence of many such appear f dances. The ghosts are, as it were, but the dead man's dreams dreams which, though she may not be aware of it, impress them selves upon such living persons as entering t them and are susceptible of the particular influences exerted. To put the same theory from another point of view, if AVO assume that the departed are capable of memory in regard to their past, the fact of their recollection may influence the world in which they once lived. " If the precedent recollects scenes which he has known then we may conceive by that this recollection of his may become somehoAV perceptible to other minds." It would seem, however, that Mr. Myers does not consider that the disembodied spirit consciously attempts to hold communication with the world he has left. Rather, hot considers Unit a portion of man's conscious I Ross of his intellectual essence-may become, as it were, detached from the central personality, and haunt the locality t 'or the persons to which its force is directed, of Every individual is, he believes, a bundle y of different personalities. " No known current of man's consciousness exhausts his whole consciousness, and no known self ), manifestation expresses man's whole if potential being " and this may hold good for disembodied as for it embodied spirits. Living minds offer us examples of fugitive and unstable communications between widely, different strata of personalities. Why, then, should not the manifestations of the departed, being, as they are, " communications bell tween states of being almost impassable y disunited be equally wanting in "con i scions or control currents of intelligence ?" y To illustrate his meaning, Mr. Myers takes it the pathetic words of Achilles : " There is some soul and wraith even in Hades, but there is no heart in them," and declares that when put into modern phraseology this means-" Influence and images II generated by the dead persist among us, but have no true initiative nor objective reality." In other words, a ghost is but a particular " manifestation of persistent personal energy." The central intelligence, the "ego" may have left the world, but to some faint trace of its existence is still visible among us. Just as we are conscious of the material works of dead men's hands, by and see the walls and towers they built, so by those who are endowed with the necessary 3, sensitiveness can perceive the mental age of pressions which they have left behind them, 3 To take up again Mr. Myers's illustration is from the Greek. Plotinus declares that it was only the shade of Herakles that Achilles saw in the house of Hades. The true Herakles was in a more sacred place," and only the shadow of his soul was visible to men. We gather, then, that it Mr. Myers, as the result of the evidence which he has collected, holds that ghosts are to be regarded, as we have said before, either as the results of the dreams or the memory of dead men, or else as manifestations of persistent personal energy" that is, as detached fragments of the big human personality, which survive on earth li. for a time. Doubtless, there is a dialectical charm and dexterity about these theories which makes them extremely fascinating, and which, as long as we refrain from examin- ing the premises on which they rest, make them appear as the best possible explanation id of the so-called facts. Unfortunately, fe however, it is essential in all such discus jd sions to begin by a strict scrutiny of the to basis of argument. But if we do this, Mr. Id Myers's brilliant hypothesis becomes not li is, ing but the " baseless fabric of a vision," which melts at the first touch of reality, it, To begin with, it it necessary to challenge in the most absolute way possible his assumptions as to thought transference between persons at a distance. Even if we accept Dr. Charcot's experiments on partially imbecile patients, and hold that it is possible to suggest thoughts and images to a person, in a hypnotic trance, we need not, therefore, conclude that the transference of thought between individuals at a distance is proved, for the evidence upon which the latter contention rests is by no means of the same positive or unquestionable nature. Again, we shall want something much stronger than the stories collected by Mr. Myers to convince us that the appearances chronicled by his informants are anything but the outcome of an overwrought brain or a disordered stomach. There are hundreds of people of both sexes who, then she they pass their lives in seeing, our fancying they see, objects which have no substantial existence, can nevertheless be shown to be merely the victims of some optical or nervous delusion. The habitual practice of opium-eating or dram-drinking will produce a crowd of visions quite as remarkable and quite as authentic as those communicated to Mr. Myers and his society. No doubt, many of his informants declared that the instances related by them were their first and only hallucinations. Very likely this statement is perfectly true, and may account for the great importance attached by them to the incident. Coleridge, when he was asked whether he believed in ghosts, replied that he did not, and gave as his reason for disbelief that he had seen too many of them. His mental and physical condition made him liable at all times to such illusions, and he had therefore grown capable of disregarding them. A person, however, who for a few days or hours only becomes liable to hallucinations would naturally be unable to take so prosaic a view of the question ; but, arguing from his or her usual mate of health, would deem it impossible that the vision could have been merely subjective. That the ghosts in Mr. Myers's stories were first soon by one individual and then by others is any confirma- tion of their truth seems to us a highly illogical conclusion. If A imagines he has seen a ghost, and tells the fact to B with every circumstance of horror and panic, B has unquestionably been placed in the best possible condition for imagining that he sees the same ghost in the same place at the same hour. But though we cannot express any belief other than that Mr. Myers's inquiry will end in failing to establish the existence of apparitions, we can fully appreciate the work of the Psychical Society. 