HOME V. FOREIGN MISSIONS. . Sir,— In your leader of 24th inst. yoa desx with foreign millions, and conclude that a similar amount ot laoor expended on our home heathen wou'd produce much larger ana j better results. Tn support of your contention, : you quote a fragment from the report of mis* I sion to Chinese in Taam»nia. Tine irepmens — as you quota it— admita the hopelessoess of such efforts, 'humanly speaking'.*1 In »J1 fairness aUow me to supply the immediately following sentences of toe M report, ' wMoh, perhaps inadvertently, yoa have left out: ' Yet this has been the position of Chris tianity from the very firs1-. All ita triumphs have been won in , the face : ? Knatilitv. O .6 lone Paul — plus tbe HoW Ghost— planted Chiistianity amidet the naughty and con temptuous inte'lectualism of Athene, and it crew and beoame a great tree. One lone J . G» Palon procla roed Jehotab Jesus amongst the utter devilries of Tanus and Aniwa, and lives to see whole inlands (it ing at the feet of Jesut, Many a lone man— aye, and lone ironutn, too— . has been dropped down into inlaod China and bae won haudrods to Christ. Ali our lone agent needs is the Pentecostal baptism of the H ily Ghost, and he, too, shall be M mighty ; through tJ-w to the pulling down of strong, holds,'— 'Yours, etc , I G. T. HetWA&d;, i I Hon. Seo. I Mission to Chinese in Tasmania. ' Newnbam, September 26, 1690. Sib,— One of your letter writers told us on j Saturday that be was at one of the back slums and aaw a girl about 10 years of age come out of | a public house with/ome driok, and tbat she took a good driok of it herself. 'There,' Baid he. Look at that, and not one minister visiting push plaoe».' Did he go and try to reform ibe parents of that girl ? Ob. no ! that was the duty of tbe ministers of tne Gospel, not hi*. Just so. It was not his business, be th- ugbt. but some one eiee'a. Now, it is lo more a minister's duty than his to go and search out such. For instance, a oongregation wishes fo:a minister. It chooses one. For what potpo e f Well, I anppose to gire the people of the congregation a good sermon on tbe wet-k to vit-ib tbe sick, and perbapa tbe well (but I dou't know about that), and parbars, to -, to preach once a week at some distant station. For there duties be gets, » mainte nance from thoee wha engage bim. As » minuter of that congregation, tbe slums have no claim upon bim As a private individual, and on bis own time (I cannot tell whether the congregation cin claim more than eight houra), ; be is no more responsible for tbe state of the slums than your correspondent is.— Yours I etc., I Bk Consistent. | 