MODERN FORTUNE-TELLING. (r.c>*x>o.v st j is unnecessary, wo suppose, as well as ngh ! to punish fort line-telling lor money. One has always an idea, after reading the pro 1 eeediugs before the magistrates. as if troo-l powder and shot, were being thrown away for nothing, and as if the progress of intelliirente would of itself extinguish that particular variety of misdemeanour. AVo do not hamr witches any longer, nobody can preci.-olv sar why, and the bumkius who aifirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother So-and-So has “ overlooked-' their children or their pigs, receive n»> kelp from the Bench, beyond a sharp litth* lecture, which they do nut understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if thov have stuck pins into Mother So-and-^o on the faith of her witehhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set five to her black cat, they are fined, as if their otfence had not been dictated by one of the. most ancient of all beliefs. Still, a fortune- teller who takes money is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, and fools must be pro tected against swindlers; while there is some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation or folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the Art intended it, we fancy, not so much for the protection of servant-girls, curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of a kind of blasphemy closely connected with the worship of the evil one; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to cheek u particu larly injurioui* kind of lying. There never was a time when fortune— telling in drawing-rooms was so rife, or apparently so much believed in. Societv rejects astrology altogether, not, we. fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it so rarely secs or thinks of the stars; and it has got beyond dreams, which are supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to bo curable by nitrate-of-silver pills, or it may be by nux vomica; and the drinkers of tea at 0 o'clock are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible appearance of ghosts ; so they tlevote themselves to rather taore inane forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirers fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, as there is in .hand writing a little evidence of character, though not much, the slightest inaptitude of the lingers or defect of eyesight depriving the manuscript of all relation to the writer** mind, as does also that writer's resolve to write a conventional hand. The most reso lute person we know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if ^ of anything, of weak indecision : while women with watery minds pour out those minds in manuscript which Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order com manding uncial English, would have pro nounced perfection. Sometimes, again, reve lation is sought from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind—that is a separate folly—but the lines, for which the. seeker* might, if they knew anything ^tout it, plead very aucicnt warrant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamed that, if the spectator ouly pon dered enough, he could discern his visitor’s fortune as clearly as his temper or his - com parative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, know* nothing of that, and only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than, the foreheads that are smooth. It is not a. bad way, if noth sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit: but it involve* severe staring, and severe staring Is rude. Modern society would not be rude, even if it could stare into heaven: and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by the hand.*' The gipsies are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage. Every body who has time to waste knows some thing of it, and there are. regular adepts— ladies some of them—who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only temporary, incomes. They tell first the in quirer’s character, about which they oftea mnke shrewd hits, ekeiug out the result of attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use or cer tain common forms, invented, we imagine for the Ixdioof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of character for a shilling’s-worth ot stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery iu disguise, flattery not of the commou sort, but addressed to tee foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. So man. for iustance, is told that he is weak; but a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpo>e not suspected by their frieuds. or an iuuer hurdue.-s which may spring either from rectitude or selfi-hness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful; but >he is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that she is even too nfiectionaie — a useful advertisement when it is read , .aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and :tt this point the observer will often, notice an odd peculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definitem-ss is quite safe, fo nobody, however sceptical, can deny that ary fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor : her lover may be dark, though she prefers blonde people : and .-he may live be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words u-cd. the sibyl will shine in her memory as a prophete-*. while if >ho docs no* she and her friends will have furgott-m the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guodng by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally, we more than suspect, master- the seer, who then becomes hopelessly iu'-on-btent. the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the things which, according ti» the rule, ought to be predicted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of tie palm mean poverty, or the lines of th« ivrist—an extension of the art at which we fancy the forgotten Hiudoos or iire-wotshipping Chaldeans, who invented the whole bit-duos. would have smiled—and so the prediction comes out us poverty, to to followed by unexpected good fortune. It is a silly game,- but not without its mischiefs. There is a kind ot sceptical credulity which is m->st characteristic of our day. wheu people will believe anything except revelation, ami think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any > art of angel ; and we fancy many a li.-tener finds his or her judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledges! derived fj-om something more to be trusted than, ex perience. Predictions, too. .stick in the mind, mid work thou* own fulfilment, some times with effects which nro seriously in jurious. The practice, too, though it would iv folly to make too much of it, has un doubtedly one cifeet which on many minds U far from beneficial. It develops that taste for the indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foible* is the one that most enfeebles the character, prematurely debauching a? it- does the nobler in.-tinct.- of reverence ami faith. The fibre of the mind is wonkone I, ami the “ open inquirer” becomes liable to a mental disease which mav bo best described as imbecile credulity, credulity which is not faith, and is with a film of oil is impervious to air. The spirireaii'.is, when they arc sincere, at all event*' seek something worth seeking, con crete evidence of a future state; but the devotees of these methods of guessing have ! noteventheexou-oofanend. If theycculdseo | into the future, they would be in no wav the gainers, for the very condition of itsbeinsrtho future is that they can neither hurry nor r» Urd ncr in any way alter it. It ha* boen said by keen observers that one startling sign, of the approaching fall of a society is the rise in it of scepticism and superstition at once ; and though we are not pessimists labout England, where endless symptoms appear which are only skiu- deep/it was certainlr true before Rome fell and before the "RevoUfr tion engulfed the admirers of Cagfiostro. 