THE LATTER.DAY SAINTS. I am, &c.;, D. M. S. MORGAN. Moonta, November 10,1890. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The leaders of the church of Jenus Chiest of Latter-Day Saints have not promol- <*> gated a new faith, and one of their first princi- plea ia to adhere to tbe laws of the country, whether for or against them. Tbe Edmund* Bill prohibit! polygamy, henoe their submi*- Bion to tbe aame, for a more law abiding people cannot be found. Take for iiMUoee tbe cities of tbe American Republic and compare them with the cities of Utah, and yon will find for every single prisoner in the citiea of Utah there will be 10 in tbe cities of the Republic Com pare also their ednoation, and they are 80 per cent in advance of the Kepoblio. Toe citiea of Utah are under atrioter discipline than aoy of tbe Bepnbuo. As to morality and cleanli ness, the American Bepublio are lort in oblivion. Aa to the assertions made in The Advertiser that the Mora.on faith was baaed upon absurdities, loan firmly contra dict the Meettion, for we know what we be lieve acd whom we believe in, a thing wfaieh no other «ret or denomination can vouch for. As to grotesque contradictions, I wocld refer yon to some of the grotesque contradictions and abiuditif? of othtr denominations, begin cicg with the Obnich of England, from whioh chiefly all others have emanated and worship the game God, namely nonentity. To prove tbe foregoing statement we will examine the fint artiole of faith of the Church of England. It reads thus—"We believe in one true and living God, of infinite power, wisdom, and goodness, without body, pasta, or passions, and in tbis Godhead are three penonr. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, of one Bubstanoe." What greater absurdities or groteeqne contradictions than in the aforesaid artiole? Same of the most fanatical assertions ever uttered ate believed in, utterly denying the Ssnp tores which they proleas to believe.. God being of infinite power, wisdom, and goodncts, does He not poueis parts and pastionsboth? Assaredly yea. Then He mast Detects a body, ao as to contain thoee parts and pauions. Furthermore, if tbe don is of the came substance as the Father, without a body, where is the substance? And Christ is not titeu indeed. Have we not the testimony of our Lord, ignoring the above fanatical auertion (Lake 24, 39th yene), " Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I; handle me and Bee, for a spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye ace me have." Tea, they worship they knownot what, for the aforesaid article declares it, and when He comes to His kingdom He will bting that sane body with him. With reference to the Book of Mormon, I would say if it contains trash, as 70a assert, tbe Bible and Testament contain the same. Aa to its production it is neither nonsense nor blasphemy, but the troth, and to day main tails living testimony, whioh the Testament does not. As to the prophet Joseph Smith, I would rtfer jou. to the dying teitttnony of the man he ehot at Oartbaoe in the arm. His dying words were, "Too true do I know that Joe Smith vac a prophet of God." Tea, bis arm withered from hia bady. The Divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon cannot be denied this day, for there are evidences living to prora the earne The gilts and bleating! tnat are pro suited within it< folds have been made mani fat in tbis 19th century. Ag∈, as to the origin of the Book of Mormon in golden plates, those plates are in tbe possession of the ohnroh to-day in Salt Lake City. At to the assertion nude that they were written by Solomon Spaiding, it is all a fabrication. The platea we is delivered into tbe bands of Professor Anthony, who declared them hieroglf pbica of tare antiqnity, but he could not translate them, Tte Bible itself epeaks of the Beck of Mormon. It was found in the HDI Onmorah, and there are other books yet to be revealed. The Bible again cpeaks of other books yet to be revealed, and in dne time they will be made manifest; bat they w3l be treated with as much contempt ai the Book of Mormon. Ooa mare assertion trade by you, which. I cannot leave untouched, is that Brigham Young was the lint to intro duce polygamy. This is untrue, for Joseph Smith tnarru-d two wives. True, he did at first think it was wrong to do so, but he was soon to learn that it was not. Hie brother Hiram Bttitb, married two wives previous to Joieph. It was with reluotaooe that Joseph submitted to taking more than one wife. I am prepared to take up for the Churah of Jetns Christ of; latter Day Saints any eon troveny. The ablest of England's men have bad to snbmit to the controversies of Orson, Hide, atd Farley P. Pratt, and will again, for trnlh munt and w&l; nrevail.' 