; SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM 'ENGLANDI „ The: London . correspondent of the ' Argus,' writing from London on March 7, says : — A very interesting -figure in publio. life is Lord Dunraveni and-A 'sotne'irhat-rCstless one. He! began life'asa'Ujoughtful ' yAung man ; 'then he becnnie frlvolous. for a speji Vaud now.li'e fs thoughtful ' sgSih/ " HA'hss'gone' wW a'partiier- ahlp with Lord Randolph, which embraces the turf and the'eighf hours movement. Thsy are both amongst the " reaigntd" of the present Ad ministration, and they are agreed fn. .opinion that the/' present /official conservatism/ is an infeound' thing, whioh cannot last, and cap leave nothing to fill its place. Like Emperor William, the heads of these twb- elderly, yontbs.-qire filled with dreams of leading' " lsbour" into) untrodden paths, And using it sis a betteringrsm wherewith to crush/the demons of plutocracy and conven tion. For, .two,, years last past Lord Dunraven's chief pre-occiipation has been for. the chairman ship of the committee of the Ho.use of (Lords which has been investigating the " sweating" question— his lordship having as the; chief assistant- the pleasant and , 'clever/Mr Kynlooh Cook, who ia now returning to southern seas es the International Chief Justlee-of. Samoa. Lord Dun raven entered upon hli labonre with no par- ticulnr political object in view, but as time / went on it.bagan to dawn upon him that: in redres sing the ills which were unfolded before blm day by day, lay the best obance of the new and more vital torisym of which dreams were paselng in his -head.. In Decsmber last he : became captivatod by the eight hours arguments of Mr Sidney Webb. Then -he persuaded Lord Ran- dplplrto. take up the eight, honre. movement, and),, two , of th«m ' have been "at it" hot ' and strong ever since, foretng all the othor partite in the ' state/to consider the expedioncy of coming jinto line-to /thent" upon the subject. Having Alius plu n god : lisad and ears Into tho cauae of i lab our/Lord Dunraven procesdsd, ai ohairmm /of the 'Sweating Committee, to draw up a most (drastic .report, breathing state sooialism in every paragraph," and) . this /he | siibnutted to his 'colleaffues, inpludlng among them Lord Thring, ithe Bishop of London, Lord Derby, and Lord 'Rothsohild. They wore qli aghast at the draft, and the/only 'question Among ' tlieui /was, who should4 Vske'opon himself thi unpopular) task of (moving Its rejootion. In the/end they fixed upon iLord Thririg) because he was'/ creation of Mr Gladstone's, and still a Gladstoniah ) in general '(politics), //'His ' Lordshfp /''accepted ' the-.tesk. Having got rid of Lord jJunraven's draft" report, it became necessary for him to draft qise of his own, /hut 'having . paid little' /t'tention', tb / the details, ho 'felt unequal.'to the task, and drift"' idowri'tq the/East End, plsee'd himself for, the purpose' under the tutelage of 'Miss Ge'raldine Potter. /; Miss' Gersldirie -Potter is a lady/who was at one time/a saint .end heroine ol/eulture and liberalism. , Abandoning, the'jpys of family and' social' life, some years ago, she took up her abode among And cast in her lot with the miser able toilora of the East End. Familiarity seems to have bred oontempt in this one, for she is by no means a"eulo»iit of her neighbours, although her dodged Lancashire nature forbids, her to desert them. She hss oome to believe that everything is for the best in that bast of all pos sible East Ends, .and she hss the greatest oon tempt for those who gird against nature's own law of " sweating." . Lord ' Thring's report, when it sees the liglit, will be Miss Potter's re port,, and .a fine piece of good old "Grqdgrlnd" political economy). it will be) In the msantlme, Lord Dunraven has resigned the. chairmanship of the c'om'mff tee aiid the ff'Labonr. jjsrty" And the Socialists Are girding bitterly agqlnst Lord Thring/ end 4 against Incidentally ,the ),Glad- etonlans, , to., whom he .belongs. An, inoident suoh as this might have great effect on figqneral eleetlon) should' lt be the base; that, the Cabinet aro going to spring one on the country at-an early .date. Lord TKrliig Is.k'dry and prqeisa old " equity- draftsman." who apent the greater part of. his working life tn.drawing bills Intro duced Into PdrilAment'by suAceiilve -Mlhtstrlee. In hie time,'- he Invented - some- entirely , new modes of- framing leglelation—one pfi!them he christened'" incorporating' by reforeno;'' a mode of saying whet you 'do not; mean; which hse chat : the; puhllo be,vera1: hundred .thoBiiaid pouhde- lnlawcbete -disbursed In arguing as, to the preoisC effeote of Lord Thring'e reforAnt lei legislation. Another thing that Lord Thring invented was the breaking up of the texb of aots-' of-PsrllAmsnt into' half lines; .sobseotipn, and snlppSts; soqs to.Aak'e/thA/wBdleldpk'sdme- thing between' a dootor's prescription andthe icatalogh'e elff in/fl'ifi1tl.''''HowfVA;1MsTt#hiard-' ments so impressed those under whom he servsd, that no honour was dsemsd teo, grrtt fof hlfo, and on retiring inte: privatt'llfo he; reflsifed the, exteaArdlnsrffrtiffsrt 'of d)i(>jWh»- V,'.!/ y' 7,7.1-7 . Tlie ien»at<du>/f tha/Z/bek hli Wsn.t.he dusr pension of Mr LitDoubnefd" by' tne House of Commons for refusing to withdraw an expression of his disbelief: i;i. Lord Salisbury's word. . I saw thrCwAs 'nothing for If blit vlaletifcs;" hi remarked blandly an hour afterwards ; " John Morley and tlint lot were so dead against me on the -.merits, but it just served my purpose, as it undoubtedly: won us t he North St. Panoras Stat." All the Marllinrougli-hmiso' set woro fully con vinced of Lord Arthur- Somerset's inpooende, and the evening of Ilia 8tli <if October Imd been fixed for a, dinnur at tho Marlborough Club, ut which hie Lordship wAs to take counsel with Colonel Olivor Montagu, his - commanding ofticor, Sir Dighton Probvn, Aiid Sir Franois Knollys, as tn the boat steps to be taken fur. vindicating his , character. Without any re- fsrbitek'to lhls nteetltVg,' . tirt' iPrinCe of Wales directed Sir Dighton - Probyn >td , niSet Lord Sslisbury (which ho did a railway station) and inquire whether nothing could be done to .opunteract. ,qortajn., rumours affecting - another poreiin in whom H.ti. H. wnt much interested. Lord Salisbury said that ho had not heard these Yuniours, and that there was no ground ' for them ; but he went -on to add that he had heard rumours about nnother person, meaning Lord Arthur, nnd that, though the evidence was then insufficient, ho bolieved that there was more to follow. Sir Dightoii Probyn returned to Marl bo rough -house horror-striokon at tho woiglit of the case againet the fiiond whom he believed innocent. - -Having dressed for dinner, he walkod! aoroas tlie street to .the olub, looking like a nian Who had sCeu a ghost. Lord Arthur was WAtching .iilm unseen from behind eome ooign (if vantsge. He noted hie expreeelon, and ' taking it1 as an indication that tho game was up, stepped- into- the cab at the door, on which his luggage) was' already loaded, and drovo to Char ing Cross, where ho took the Continental i ox- press. '. Yoila tout' ! ; ''i ' ' - ' i 