ST- MARY’S CHUECIL WOODEND OPENING OF THE NEW SUN DAY SCHOOL BUILDING. Preliminary to the formal opening of the new building, a number of invited guests sat down to an excellent tea pro vided by that energetic and persevering body—tbe Ladies’ Working Society—to wbicb the Cburcb is deeply indebted for a great deal of its prosperity, and of whose efforts tbe erection and furnishing of tbe handsome new building, now open for use, is tbe latest example. The two tables were presided over by the Mesdames Glover and Davies on tbe right, and Mesdames MTntosh and Johnson on the left band, who dispensed tbe beverage dear to the pabite of the old tbundercr—Dr Johnson—-with a liberality and grace that, enhanced its flavour and aroma. The tables were tastefully decorated with flowers, and evergreens adorned the handsome lamps suspended from tbe ceiling. Among the guests, in addition to the Ladies’ Work ing Society, Associates of the Girls’ Friendly Society, churchwardens, vestry, choir, and several local gentlemen, the following clergy, some of them well known, and formerly more or less con nected with the Woodend church—The Ven. Archdeacon Herring, Canons Carlisle and Chalmers, and the Revs. Kelly, Hindley, Green, Ford, and W. Flower (missioner lately in Kyneton.) The proceedings throughout were pre sided over by the Rev. J. Allen, and were thoroughly successful Grace was sung, after which the guests did ample justice to the dainties laid before them. After the repast the Rev, Mr Ford, in a neat speech, ably scoonded by the Rev. Mr Green, moved a vote of thanks to the ladies for their hospitality*. Mr W. D, Christian seconded the vote, which was carried con amove, and the Rev. J. Allen acknow ledged on behalf of the ladies, after which the cuests rose, the tables were cdeared and put away.and the room pre pared for the evening's ceremony. The weather, which had been threaten ing to break all day, made up its mind at last, and between seven and eight o'clock a storm came on with heavy showers and vivid flashes of lightning, accompanied with some heavy bursts of thunder, continued until ten almost without cessation, several times making it difficult to hear the singers and speakers to advantage. This storm had the effect of keeping many away who would have been present, so that the schoolroom was barely half full. The programme, a lengthy one, was not shortened, however, and those present spent a pleasant, and, let us hope, a profitable time. The meeting opened with the hymn. The Church’s One Foundation, and a short prayer. The Rev. J. Allen, in a few short sentences, stated the object of the gathering, speaking highly of the noble work accomplished by the Ladies’ "Work ing Society, whose work ^vas not to oe , given up yet awhilo. He understood that they had set their hearts on still other improvements in the Church, and intended to provide more comfortable sitting accommodation. Although the rain had interfered with their meeting to a large extent as far as numbers were concerned, he viewed the cause of it with equanimity, as tho rain was much needed, and he thought it a happy augury, hoping that, 43 the rain came to refresh the thirsty earth and its parched vegetation, so the new school would ever be the means of continuous spiritual growth, Mrs James Evaii3 then sang The Child and The Angel, with excellent intonation and effect, The Kev, Canon Chalmers, a former incumbent of Kyneton, and greatly esteemed by his many Woodend friends, then addressed the meeting. The reverend gontleman said ho was happy to see that minister and people could look upon the ram in tlie Hgnt oi a blessing, and put the inconvenience out of sight. There was quite a repre eontcvfcWo'mooting-aF- gtmilorrwm V>rCSP.tlt ivho had been connected with Woodend for the past fifteen years in a clerical way. and he was plcnsed to greet them together with many of his old Woodpnd friends. Ho remembered the opening of the Church some 25 years ago, and was struck at the time by its appearance of solidity, having been in a district where bricks were the chicE building material, while this one was of stone. His ex perience and knowledge of the people had since taught him to regard their building as typical of the character of the congregation, who had always proved loyal and staunch to their church, regard-1 less of their opinions about the minister, There- was not a more energetic and loyal set of parishioners in any district that he was acquainted with. He did not say this in flatten', but earnestly and from his own experience, They had passed through a painful crisis, as old residents well knew, and came out triumphantly because of j their staunch loyalty to their church, He had been very greatly pleased to note the U)any improvements made since he was last here ; but there was one thing he missed, and that was his old reading-desk. He saw it had been supplanted by a new one, and hoped they had the old one stowed away carefully, i He was also glad to congratulate Woodeud on being again on the eve of being made a parish. It had been one under the Rey. Mr Crcswcll, but when he left was added to Kynetou. He then proceeded to dwell pn the benefits of a Sunday school, He did not oppose the State schools, but upheld them, although lie did not think them perfect. The State undertook to educate the miud—the parents looked after the bodily education—and the churches must educate the souls of the .Uiildrun: Moral—.truth and beauty could only be taught by religion, and Sunday schools should run side by side with those of the State, He would impress upon parents and guardians the necessity of sending their children as regularly to the Sunday school as to the State school. He then paid a well deserved tribute to Mr C. Johnson for the long course of selLdenying /teal he has shown in managing the Sunday school for thirty years, and said truly that the community were greatly indebted to such men as he, and that with such examples to lie found among them, there was an assurance that the good work would go on and flourish. Miss Savage then snng The Better Land with good expression, : The Bev. W. G. Rindley said he would have liked to have been left out, as so many old incumbents of the parish were present, and it was only recently that he had been a missioner amongst them. He was pleased to be able to congratulate all on the excellent church, school, and parsonage they now possessed, and all without any debt to pay off. He honored the men of Wood eiul for what they had done, but he thought lie honored the women more for the work they had done. The men, beset with debt, are helped out by women’s noble efforts. Canon Chalmers spoke of a relic ; he hoped the relics the present generation would leave behind would he men and women, thoroughly educated in body, mind, and, especially, soul. Bliss Bees gave an excellent render ing of the song, The Land of Rest. The Ven. Archdeacon Herring said he must congratulate Woodend on being a model parish, in having built so hand some a schoolroom, and not only be free from debt, but have a balance of some £40 in hand. Perhaps it was this latter fact that enabled minister and people to look with equanimity on the rain spoiling the attendance at their meeting. In dealing with the question of schools, he upheld the action of the State in providing education, and held it to be the duty of the churches to supple ment them with Sunday schools. He then passed on to the great importance of religious teaching, and its necessity as a means of arming youth for the fight against evil and the many disturbing elements in life. He hoped abundant blessings would rest upon the work of the school and its teachers, which he was pleased now to declare dedicated for the good work now to bo carried on in it in the| name of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Miss Jenkins then sang Charity (Pinsuti) with correctness and expres The Bev. Willoughby Flower, who has just completed his mission work at Ivvneton, gave an excellent address, in which ho told of some experiences in Christ work in London, pointing out the great blessings Sunday schools proved to bo. Speaking of the enormous yearly growth of London he mentioned that the English Times said ,that the Church of England was growing at a rate—in the old country—of four times greater than the rate of increase in population ; a sign of vitality that was cneermg, in tne -iaco or tne large num bers in big cities who were still difficult to be reached. In conclusion, ho men tioned that lately the remains of an old Bishop of Lichfield had been found when making repairs to the Cathedra], and that, though little of the earthly body was left, the chalice, patten, and crozier were still almost perfect, though they were buried about sbf hundred years ago. So it would be with the work of Christ’s church. Though the human generations of to-day pass away, the go^d work will still go on and pros per, Jdrs James Evans sang The Chorister, The Rev, Canon Carlisle brightened up' the audienoe by opening his speech in a humorous strain, and conveyed his congratulations to the ladies who had worked so well in a felicitous strain of mingled pleasantry and earnestness that went home to the feelings of the audience. Passing on to a deeper strain, lie remarked. upon tne pleasure it gave him to see that they had a hand some building, and spoke of the great influence exorcised on humanity, espe= cially ip early youth, of, the surround ings, .prom mean surroundings 'noble • thoughts can hardly arise. He en couraged teachers l'n their work by reminding them that whenever they begin to feel it irksome, if they will but remember they are •'training the future fathers and mothers, the workers in all the walks of life, the feeling must surely vanish, As an example of the folly of a notion spme people have that religion interferes with success in business, he illustrated the great success in life of the founder of the Rothschild family, who was a truly religious man after the Jewish faith, and ever endeavoured to live up to the standard of the Law of Moses, charging his children on his deathbed to follow in the same walk through life. The Rey. Mr Ford, ip a few well* chosen sentences, proposed a vole of thanks to the Yep, Archdeacon Herring for being present and officiating as the funotion of the opening ceremony. The vote was cordially seconded by the Rev. J, Alien, and heartily accorded by acclamation. The Rev, Mr Kelly said he had the pleasure of appointing Mr Johnson superintendent of the Sunday school some 27 years ago, and warmly eulogised him on his perseverance in his self lmpospd work. He was greatly struck by the numerous improvements and advance made by the church at "Wood end since his time. He then moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Canon Car lisle apd thp Roy. "Willoughby Flower, which was. cordially carried by acclama tion, The Rev. J, Allen spoke feelingly and well op the' manner in which the ladies had worked, and the splendid success of their efforts, thanking them, on h*s owp part, for what they had done in the pnstj and saving that it .-gave hilll much pleasure to know that "they did not intend to take their hand from the plough for a while yet, hut that other important improvements were intended by them, He asked all to join in giving the Ladies of the Working Society, coupled with the names of Mr and Mrs Johnson, the most hearty aucl warn) yoto of thanks, Mr W, "D, Christian seconded Mr Aden's vote in a few appropriate septen^ ces, and the audience gave an emphatic marl? of their appreciation of the services, rendered. • Mr Johnson suitably replied, • The Rev. Mr Ford moved a vote of Jhapks to Canon Chalmers and the Rev, G, Hindloy, which was heartily accorded, A vote of thanks was givon the chair-, man (the Rev. J. Allen), and thp bene diction pronounced by the Rev. Capon Carlisle, 