TRAVEL." VAMBEEY IN PERSIA. Faw stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius Vambhry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hun garian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in quiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass fora genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this waye managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. IIere, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly has one recovered breath from the hardshlps of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes iimself to rest. Weto commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour be fore setting out supperis eaten. Dervishes have a much' easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes his keschkul (a vessel fornned of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jahut jahiakh!" and with on assurance that is really wonderfil, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After Ie has termi nated his rounl he mixes all together, and lire is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. "ole has no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet ihe tas enough," say the Orientals, "for his kitchen is furnishled by Godl." Fromn Kenaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kivir, of which tte southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station Iauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of tie Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to which a sabter raneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted d enaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in tile great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipa tion that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all tihe more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there thie columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to anotlher, like mighty ghosts; and it is con ceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms laslhed by furies. 'ly fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for hIe wrapped himself up in his burnoin, thrust himself into tihe innermost part of tile caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, whlen we heard from the distance a monotonous ritg of bet!s,'aiid" a'I soon learned, this was from a lanrge caravan which had set out an hour before us. We redoubled our steps in order to overtakeit; buthardlylhadweadvanced a lhundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The t'ersians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stranger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of thie dead, I thought, that is singular; "OUT RID UT," SEZ I, "OR I'LL LAVE Oo B iOE AV TOU UITDIE4KAILF,1 and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. IIe called out to me, "Uo on, little ass, already hard enough pressed, hle came up tome as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about. forty horses and mules, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabe. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up with one of the riders. His nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moon light. In spite of the unendurable stench, I could not help askaing him some ques tions. The Arab told me that lie had already eonveyed these dead ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before lie could reach Kerhela, the spot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of Imam IIHtssein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenevre means permit, they order themselves to be transported from the distant KIorassan to lIerbela, to be placed in the same earth in which the beloved Imam Inssein rests. When ne lead left the caravan nf the dead with its choking odnor far behind us, I tuln-d to take a glance a tllis weird iro cession. The beasts, laden with tile ]long coffins, buried their heads deep in their necks ; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on with- hollow cry. Such a sight, in whatever neighbourlood, would be gloomy enough, but in tse centre of thle desert it was sometlhingindescribably mournful. The corpses often became mangled in a frightful fashion in -their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet the 'ersians have thoughit fit to maintain tlhis custom for six Ihundred years. For whoever comes to Kerbela has the sweets hope of finding himself on tihe day of tile Resurrec tion in the immediate neighbourlQod of the holy martyr, and from hence, under his conduct, of passing to the ever-green plains o Paradise, We reached IIauz-i-Sultanjust t the rise of the morning star, but nothing f great importance befel us there. Early next morning Sum appeared in the dis tance with-its mnnyrcen cupolas thoe rich tided one lightend by the ray? of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. IIero rests Fatima, the ioter of Innn Riza, who, out of tender feling to her brother at that time dwellin in' eshedu undertook a journey from lagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in oum, died, and lies buried with a company f 444, allof them saints. This town, lik erbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious 'ersian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. toum is very poor in building, but, in spite of this, o the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourlood is de scribed as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveu-s water hither from the adjacent hills. The woter, however, when drawn in tle open air, smacks somewhat of salt, utis thate it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of ceoy,-with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will he taken away from the Ivater little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in tlheatown and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the carahvanerai,-I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian rigin. I we-nt up to them, and thougllt I would enter into conversationwith them, when one of my fellow-travellers clled out to me, "Effendi, what are you about? You have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now ;ou wish to pollute yourself with this rcleane J on Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. ihe poor children of Israel noted my kind ness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in dlue form, and told me, all tle while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, wlselh wns Sabbatlh, for they were not permitted to do anything tlhat required labour on tlit day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, witlh tears in his eyes, of the oppression tle Jews sulfcred at the hands of the P'ersians, and with joyous glance he lookedl around as Ise described to me, tle supposed Osmanli, the mildness of thle Sultn's rule. He could not find words sullciently expressive with whlich to bless the Sultan. Tihe poor Israelite had no idea that, in tlhat particular the moving spring of tlhe noble action was western enliglhtenment alone. After two days we quitted Rum, and went a fosr hours' ride on a desolate raute, to thle rillage of Lenkuan. Thie caravan encamped in the village itself. but I moved forward to agarden in the vicinity to spend the day. In thle midst of theglarden is the little chapelof anImamzad(l(descendantof n Iman). Thie graves of this Iman are vrry namerous in P'ersia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still lonourcd. And no wonder, for each villege, be it ever so little, must save ito saint. They improvise one, invent a legend adnhdlld a cmapel ontlhe imnes of some fama Itahero.- Thlits tt mmsndatclydocrmrted_ wth green ties. Grecn is tle colour witl lhich tile Itoly posterity clothe tile- hend during life. Green therefore tel Hoase of the Graves must be. As I was resting aomfortably in the shlade of thle trees, tle gravedigger approachled. Iarvellots stories did Ise tell of thle dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said he, "a lPersian khan, who rested in this same place, and in a drunken condition, wislhed to betake Iimself afterwards to thle interior, when he sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. "Ay, Effendl," lie continued, "one must not sport Rith a saint." IIis look was full of gravity as lie related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that le expected a few pence, and when I handed them to him, he immediately went away. Our resting-place in Kuhrud, a little village of tiree hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tscliparchano postoffice), which, as everywhere in rsi, consists of a one-storied building, of which the upper storyis,nevertheless. only used as & chamber for distinguished tra vellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought out thle post-office, in the upper guest clhanber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pepcilled scrawls in a Ellropean tanguago. In a corner I read a rench quoatrain, written by a fiery son of Gaul, who, after a fatiguing ride, had otopped to rest here a few minutes. He described his home sorrow- with words full of woe, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments aising from the poetical discriptioas of Persia, hNot far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed long= shllanked. characters, in which a bravo Teuton wished to immortalise himself; and what do y'ou suppose, dear reader, hlie lied .wrtten on the wa'l ? a critique on the four verset of thoe Frenchman-and a pretty sharp oae, too, -. The poor honest German! The worn-out Persian posters hld shaken his bones to pieces. le wished to repose, and had not time enough to leave behind him an evi dence of the well-known solid information of his fatherland. FromXuhrud the road leads up hill and thlen beads down in pretty abrupt slopes to theplains on the other side. The village of Sof is the nearest station. , A large part of our isourney lying over the hilly neighbour hood, the early morn was not oply qoo but. cold and frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, akind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by awild howl, alarmed the caravan All ran to the scot whence the shots came, and we found 6no of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these:-Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mer chants, who joined us in Iuhrud; they maocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, he wished, for an innocent joke as he said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. IHe shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, he was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted; and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk ing. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to eithor party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfalhn, not yet a good road according to our notions, thnough far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefovi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shirar, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning sot out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Grcdt, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai faderi Shah (the Caravansersi of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was ineontestaobly in its day the most splendid lbuilding of its kind. As the town the early antumnmorninp was covered with a kind of mist, I eoull only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbali that these same birds are found in thi neighbourhood of oerat, tisehahur, ano other towns, proving that it was-a eustan "inCeniraiN A. f to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for. thesev favourite birds. At last the mist lclared anwn3, and I at once got sight of the cityof itsfnion in its gigantic circuit. The 'reeian, but especinlly the Jsfahani, when hlie speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, SIf Lb ore hbd net bad brtht lethan wore ihaf the srth.t sfahnan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means lsfahan is the largest town in the world after Lahore. To indi cate the circumference of the town, the Persians state that a good rider could not ride round it in two days. This is peobhbly sixteen to twentT fasargs; yet the city wall itself, in its Itoomingperiod when the French traveller Chordin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, ana when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretclh beyond the town, the stitecment of the Persian is but Oriental; or whrlt we call exnggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself flrst to the eyes of traeller, is really imposing. From the cast to the west there is an aend less chain of buildings and gardens, among whireh cupolas, owners, and other high umildingo are visible. The view eems illimitable, 'eothtng," says Malcolm, can exceed the fertility and beauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahin, and the first view of the city is surpassingly striking. All the eye sees enrptaures ones tense. Groves, avenues,luxuriannt garleans, -of these thereis sucel an absolute over flow as hides t12u ruins of this once famous city, T!i pearer view "weakens this itat pressian, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great Admiration," In the East all is heautiful, but only externally, and ip the distance, So I was not in the least surprised whes on entering the town I found tile same crooked streets, the same poor houses, the same dirt and filth and unmended streets as in Teheran an?l all Persin states. To one man marriage is aimniply a fact of his life looked bahck pon with satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure or dis eomflt he has experienced in it;' to another it has opened up a new world of responsi bility and duty; as rell as happiiws t i hlas invested life with a s-atd tut bad; priceless vu.? ,and has týd a i. ?ler ad ipbge? aim Br''til riideahidr thhn scold ltav f gaine in libf it ` 