CIIINKSU LABOR AND TUB UNIONS. TO TDK KDITOR Of TUB HKUALD. Hnt,— I hro umoiig thu Kub»cri)Rions to the StrikuFiiml last wock an oiiumni of L20 from tunn : Chine sympathiser. Now, as our Ttad?' Hatl frit-mis hare accented the sum. it seems to too tm-y have recognised Chinese labor. .1 would commend to their eonsidera tion. .tberriorr-. tho wisdom of organ tsiiig In a trado . union Chimno labor XSnpcisUy would I eorntuond thu suggestion to Air II. A. Hnrwoad and the furoitura trail.-. That this c-Iftss of labor is a facior to bu reckoned with tht-y must admit, and an the upply- of that labor i practically lunitKl by . tho >>!!- tax, why nut try and efnvato this body of workers, and by so doing benefit tint «nly thu workers, but white Ubor aln-i? As things stand at pn-ssut. th"»o jteopli ori' at the mercy of ihobsiieful ouction-rtmin systom, anil thn oniy pnopls wh > Iwnefil by thvir slavery aro these liarimra, wiio, keening 110 flock of thrir own, livedo tho necessitvandiiiisnryofthostrHgHlingpnurUbiir. Competition among lira Chtrnwu is ou very keen that I can promt"; Afr Harwood thn hearty good wish- of thn timber uierciinnts with wham thesn people deal, as well as ills thanks nf the Johntiira t>M-m«rives, when thy havo Ix-en taught to mtrier«t»nd their own value— that of their labor. Any movement that will i<-ntl la put down, or curb, this nefarious auc tion-room flyetfih will bu a bleating to trade, both ui muter anil man.' Besides, the organisa tion Ohimwr labor will be one step iimreiu thu advuiicusll along lira line. That thn trades need not have nny temple 111 joiuing hands with such a body as an .irgumsfd Cliinesu Trades' Union I would draw their attention In thn sight of » "long slab ef misery,", in the form u( a well-known and esD-vrced cabinet manufacturer, silting chuck by jowl at the ninployers' m»«ting with " twojxMinywiirih of God helji us," in tho jwrfon nf a f»»sili«ed (reetradfe |e-luirin, whose itiimiu.ihfd pruu-nee at thai mooting was only justified by hio vinpiovroeut of two clerks and a hmiarinairi. Strikes aeeni to causs peotds to take up with strange pals I What a sight tor trim and angels that loving union of manufacturers, with this nuified old ghost, and tim mouldy Phariserisui of the elegant puritanical indus tries extinguisher, fresh from a frai-trado charuri litjum ! Therefore, takv heart of gracr. Air Harwood, ami givn u serious thnught Di the suggestion of a Chinum Trmles' Unionfrum one who signs himtrif, An Old Bhs'ou AIatc. 7th Uctutrrr. 