ONE SAILOR. : .`.I ocVn called a sailor a worse name than,' you leather- head,'" said-a venerable son captain i"never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man-to be ectru ally flogged; though I once triced a fellow up ready for the lash,'who gave in before.he was struck a blow. I never drew a weapon upon a man. ..Once I was sitting in my camin of the Lurcy Thompson, when the mate dashed in on me, pale as a ghost, for getting eveni to pull off his cap, shouting that a sailor 'lowed that there were not men enough on hoard ship to put him in irons. I stepped out on dock. I had my pistol in hand, but -behind my back. The men were all in- a commotion about the forecastle hatcli. I was conscious that I had alnways been kind and just to that crew, though "they Were the hardest, crew I- had had in many a voyage. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader: "' Comne here, my man.' " It seemed an age while he was debating whethelr to obey.. My fingers stiffened on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is a horror. But the mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his hands for the irons. So, thank God, I can say I never even drew a weapon on any one of my many hundreds of. sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. Be'a.true man; be a friend to the sailor; treathim as if h- e were a man and not a beasti don't ever lot him catch you in - a mean ict; govern yourself as if. you believed the same God was at sea as on land, and you will have no trounle" The speaker was the hero of a hundred packet- llip voyages across the Atlantic. My younger readers may not know that the packet ship was the preldecessor of, the "ocean greyhounmd of our day. Between Liverpool and iew York the huge andl capacious packet, with vast sails spread to the winds for motive power," fanned over" thousands of emigrants, who are now grand sires in America to this generation. In those days a sailor was a man who knew how to handle a sail. Now he is, for the most part, a marine machinist. Then were voeygos of about thirty days, in which time the little world of the shlip's company of- often 1,800 souls were shut up and shut out from their fellow-creatures 'on the globe, a realm all to themselves. The ship's captainwans -the autocrat of this little cosmos. His skull was the dome of the State IIouse. His word was absolute law. His right arm was the chief and only executive, sheriff, and army. Those were days when- charactr in the captain had most ample illustration of its power for good or evil. I know of no other such station for the exhibition of tile power of character, except the mother's place in the lonely family group of the frontier. The venernable skipper of thie Lucy Thompson sproke volumes of wisdom when he used the words I have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gangway of'a well-known steamer, idly watclhingher unloading. The mate in command of the men was of the very roughest type. He was exceedingly ignoble. ITe was a gigan tic fellow. lie had no authority over the sailors, or deck-hands, as they are techni cally called, except the physical terror he inspired. He cursed God and the men. lie roared and thundered. lHe seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I easked about him, and was told of the shocking brutality that lie had often ox hibited, which had several times caused his arrest. When I inquired why'a repu tnhlo company kept such a man in their employ, I was told " that there wasno other force except brute force, which could got tihe work nut of a gang of the kind that nowadays follow the water." If the sea or the rivers and lIkes were the only places where this error prevails my paper migit,perlhaps, bhetterhaveheensent to the .Sean's e'riend, that dear old paper, wlhich maylleaven bless. The idea is quite common, Ihowever, in the minds of a certain type of overseers set to watch working men, that force of control is in a savage manner and harsh tone; in a face that never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. How many seem to think it really necessary to curse the bonded back of the workman! All this is a slander on human nature. I appeal to the thousands of miners' wives and daugh ters who may read these lines, if the rough featured husband and fathershas not a ten der spot in his heart by which your love leads him, and which the brutal overseer can never reach. I appeal to gangs of giants who, about the lumberman's camp tirethese winter nights, may read what I now write, if there is not an occasional man who is kin" among them by his kind ness more than 'y any appointment of the corporation which put rim in charge of them. lere and there you have met him, and worked under him. He never called a aran even a fool. lie was too true to be brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspected, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he himself shrunk. A man who could tell a good story occasionally without the loss of dignity when the laugh came in; whom you have seen in tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made the children or phans. This man's voice was pitched low, but it was mightier than the roar of the blasphemer. No man can govern others, who does not govern himself. There is many a kingly man who does not need to-strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. - A good man's surprise, contempt or indienation shines in his eyes. Of all men, there are none who are so amenable to tile sway of charanter in an officer as the men of the sea. Thie sailor is always a poet. He is quick to feel, where landsmen slowly reason. He is a: dreamer. ie is much alone, and busy with voices in the soul. IlHe has hearing by memory or by hope. He is, like the philosopher, a great grown child. No man detects good or evil in character quicker than the sailor. Is it not so-you that read this in the fore castle, far upon the ocean ? "I was determined to kill hiim," said a sailor to me. " I had. been brought on board at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did not know what I was doing when I signed shiipping papers. MIyrage ware al most insanty wiren the liret officer struck me. Were you ever struck? You read about it, but it is a queer, crazy tensation whme you are actually blushling uhder tile blow. Tie insult is the unbesrable part of it. I was then sent to the wheel-heouse to make fast a loosened wvindow-eashi for Ihad hlad some experience as a glazier. On my way over, I managed to secure my re volver in thie darkness.. 1 lay in wamt for the first officer, but, strang to say, the cap tain came in hisplace. Leaning upon tihe brass railing of the stairs, lhe caughlt sight of me crouchling in the dark. Very kindly and calmly he said: .'My boy, cme tis way.' I couldnot help obeying. Said he: ' Why should you go to destruction ? You make me think of my own boy. I once had one; hle was about your size when God tookl him and left me alone. Now, let me be your friend, and you behave yourself on this ship." That man could hlave askedme to jump overboard for him, and I would hlave done itl" - That sailor is now one of the most trustted chief employees in a great shipyard in his native Scotland, and the kind word saved him to hIimself and humanity. 