A: A, . v " ' - gfo -ohAwoaaattW .r«.-.y"te 'iJ >.'«,«'£>.- "At-A jiHAnT'-rf, ««C.UA trial? 3«8 tSroef®n-r #er#,: Juwonder nne ®pass| Then Vi?se ilutjr it is tb tetepare of one fW<4A;sJxqet, and Qtheakeeareef :Wf the lbjBAfiiS tehees, andkeep toe cqw$ &bmtres;»a£«iiigpn mexr aekboura'. pastures— hea toe ; bowse® recovered with reeds ami striuy, ind the <aunmejs \rere made of ,wood— dhen Yli foftiimonialdiBputes wereeetilfifiby ' a com missary of marriage aifairs,' ;and no man oonLdeat a ioaf of. bread, "except , the flour had been inspected by , the 'ebmptrailer : if the company's wmdtoili,' who poujd ©etno other than the sage lion Quixote hupaelf -r-ihen theJietmction of ranks, iuste&d; of befog designated by great and little burghers. " Aboat this time the good citizens of New Amsterdam were . xhost especially, afraid of toree things— Indians, ghosts, and witches. j.the< first they -had good, reason, Vf or the Indians inhabited the country around them fo all .. . directions, - and -though the r honest Amsterdammers eOuld beat diem at a .bar-, gain, there was another game at which they had rather the advantage. In regard to ghosts afol witches, I cannot say as much in justification of theirfears. "Jan was a short, square-built, bahdy- tegged, broad -faced, snub- nosed little fellow, whp? valued' himself upon being an old soldier ; a species of -men, that, "with the ex ception of travellers, ; are the xnost given to teliing what are called tough stories, of any people in' the world. According 'to his own account, he had been in more pitched battles "than Henry the Lion or Julius Cse&ar; ; and made more .lucky escapes than any knight- errant 05a record. The most, miraculous one of all was at some battle— I forget the name. — where he certainly would- have been killed if he had not opportunely arrived just after it was over. " However this may he, at the time I speak of , Jan Sol figured as corporal in "the trusty city guard, whose business -it was te- watch during the night to guard against the inroads of the savages,- and- to enforce, in the day tirne, .the military code established for the good order and well being of the metro polis. This code consisted of -nineteen articles, everyone of which wag a perfect blue law. Bread and water, borifeg tongues with a red hot iron, hanging, and such trilles, were the least a man had to expect in thosfe; days. The mildest infliction of the whole code was that of riding a wooden hJrse for not appearing on parade at the ringing of a bell. Ibis town was always famous tor bell- ringing. Jan had many a ride ih this Way for nothing; Amongst the most rigid of these regulations was one which denounced death for gSingih'and out of the fort, except through the gate ; and. another, ttfdaining a similar punishment for entering or leaving the city by any way but the land- poor! after the mayor had gone his rounds in the evening ahd . received the keys from the guard. ' " One bright moonlight night, in the month of August, it fell to tae lot of Jan Sol to mount guard, -not a hundred yards from the great gate. It was a scene for poetic inspiration, but Jan Sol was no poet, although he often availed him&elf; of (the poetic science in his stories.- He Was thinking of Something else, besides the beauty of the night and the scene. The truth is, hi nerves were very much out of order at that moment. ( ' " It was about the time that witches made their first appearance in the world, whither they came, I suppose, to escape the pleaeaht alternative of ' being- either drowned Abr hanged, proffered to them in thosoidays by the good people of Eugiand. - ®ut they got out of the frying-pan into the fire, as history records, particularly to the eastward of the HanhMocs, where some of them under went the ordeal of. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed- 1 nego. Others fled to new Amsterdam, j greatly to the discomfort of the good citizens, who tookieuch umbrage at broomsticks, that the industrious and cleanly housewife's vo cation of sweeping the parlour twelve times a day, wasconsidered as naught; It is afnmod, that iosteadiof a broom, they used the broad- brimmed -Snnday hats of their husbands in blowing away the dust, for fear of being fnlr«n for toiehes. . There wasa universal panic and a universal dust throughout all the oity. . "" ' All these horrors now encompassed the imagination , of Jan Sol, as he paced . trie little hillQnlr, with, slow steps, -mid from time to time started at his shadow., ; The half hour seined an. age, and never.- did any body long so much tor the appearance of a corpora! s guard to relieve him. " He had not been on.; his watch more than ten minutes or so, when happening look toward the opposite, .shore of jPavonia he savv sonaetiifng moving on the. wateif Ukeaognoe shootingocrosa toeriver.. Five hundred to#BS, with tewg3raw>©=.tel scalpSkniv litele seathiel.iwhose unagination -was 1 cocked , and ,pffoi,foMhe Aj sorts of jterreyf- ,5eJjad.aigreatfto.g| his gam, and Warn r the g pwpra&.-to- a tits of the fear bfthis paaiim'n> jokes, re j straicd him for th# o;v Howeypfoi drew a pistol, upd refcesWhw CQgiWith a littleoi the jmauiuo echiam,taer. which he veutoreft &W8Wr; . lous manner, aud Jan was satisfied in.M ntiad, toafcit was neither mpre nor . to. than., emulation i J& i but it was better tiia the iroeze now sprung up -with 1\. hhd <efed fanffl codiSgai ihoitoezing pomt.; other cause, produced a sort of <gtoekingmnd moittiing wfee #d ora ; wifidhSdll whim drei the ayes of the little eentinel in that direfetwm. At thatnainsnt, | Jan saw a head slowly iiaa% peeping | bver; the 1 walh; ditoctiy a lifte fwth ifcbb ! windfnill. His eyjestjeeamC j Spit, with the irresistible tasdnatibii 'rof overwheimlng error. .Gradually thusuhead was followed ;dby v shoulders, body, andlegs, whuA Jan swore belonged to a giant, atlst sixtoea-ls high. After sitting a moment upon dhe wall, the ifigure, aocojRling: to Jans relatton before the governor next moi-mntr, put forth a pair of enormous wings,>;and whiriing itself round and round in & oircle .ite eyes flsifehfed fire, and its teeth" appeared liko live coals-actually fiew down . fba m the wallto wards thego vernor's garden, Where it disappeared or rather sank into the groundgclose by the garden gote. Jan fired hisganvuand.Knm might have .supposed he. killed himself , tor he felltlat on his face, ap- parentlyns deadas a dxior.nail. > f " Here he was ; found- by the relief guard, about five minutes afterwards, Tvath his face buried the sand hill; Jan told his story, and swore to it afterwards ; but all he got Was a ride on the wooden horse the next morning. The story, however, took wind, and there was more liquor " sold that day -at the Stadt Herberg, or city tavern, than for a whole week before. "Measures wore taken the following night, and for several nights afterwards, to detect this gigantic spectre, but to vain. Nothing appeared to arsturo tne qmet- repose of the guard of the city till the next Saturday night, when it came to Jan Sol's turn to take his watch upon the send hill, about the same hour as before. Theysay Jan fortified him self with a double allowance olseliiedam, and put, a little Dutch Bible in the pocket of one of his breeches. But- all .would not. do, tor many people were ready to swear afterwards that has hair stood on end so sturdily that he coold hardly keep his tin cap upon.it, Ghosts, hobgoblins, and all that sort of thing, have not-only a propensity to visit some one par ticular person, but are likewise extremely regular in their habits, as well as in their hours of appearing. Exactly at the same hour the little canoe shot from Pavonio— the night breeze sprang up as before— the old windmill began to creak and moan — -the gigantic spectre peered over the wall at the same spot as beforeh and cautiously glaring round with his- fiery eyes, unfurled his mighty wings, and, after turning a few somersaults, flew towards the gate of the ' governor's garden, where lie disappeared as before. This time Jan was too far gone to fire .his matchlock, but a few minutes after- he was. found almost insensible i with fright by. the relief guard, who carried him before the governor next morning, where he swore to the same story, and was complimented with another ride on the wooden horse. u But the repetition of a miracle is sure to make it less miraculous ; and a wonder twice toid is half proved. — teople began to believe, and from, believing, to be sure there was something out of the way, at least, to this affair. Miracles, like misfortunes, never come stogie; and almost everyone had a wonder of his own to reinforce that of the little Dutch sentinel. At least fifty of them happened within less than a week, each more alarming than the other. Doors opened at midnight by invisible hands — strange black cats with green eyes, and sparks of firefly tog out of their backs, appeared at different times —the old mahogany chest of drawers made . divers strange noises, and sometimes went off with a report almost as loud as a pistol — and an old woman coming into market1' with cabbages before daylight to the raorning,-met a black figure, she could almost swear it had a tail and a cloven foot. A horseman was heard in the middle of the night galloping furiously towards the land-poorfc, crying, ' Whoa ! whoa ?' with a hollow voice ; and what was very singular,; though several per sons got up to lock out of the Window, no onecould-see the least sign of horse or horse man. In short, the whole city of New Amsterdam was to a panic, and he was a bold man that did not run away from his own shadow. Even the <big house,' where the governor dwelt, was infected, insomuch that his excellency doubled his guards, and slept with loaded pistols at his bed-stde. One of these made a voluntary discharge one night, and the bullet passed right through the picture of admiral Van Txomp, which hung up to the chamber. If it had been the admiral himself he would have been killed as sure asa gun: ... ; u Accordingly, the next SafeurdayAight a party got to readiness, of six picked men of the city, guard, under the command of Captain Balthaser. Knyff, of immortal memory, who had faced more: ghosts in his generation, than any man lfiring. . .The whole- band was equipped with , an extraor dinary number of nether garments - tor defence, andfortified with double allowance of schiedain, to beep up their courage to this arduous ser vice- The captain was considered a person of the greatest weight to all the city, and in ' addition to this, he added to his specific .gravity , by stuffing intq his pockets afitbeleaden w(%hts he could borrow of a neighbouring grocer, for he did; not jknow bat the znonster might fly away with him. His comrades remonstrated that . this additional weight wpnl impede his ? pursuit i of the foe but the captain uoblyreplied, it washeneath a soldier to run, -either from or after.an enemy.' Th? most perfect secrecy was preservi j to all thpse arrahgem©nts,. ii Tlms equipped, th«y took their, station, about 1 1 o'clock on the Sunday night follow ing the last appearanee of the winged racBjstor, under eover of one of the, -.neigh bouring houses ; and thene waited the coming ; of the.- mysterious, visitor: , , ; Twelve o'Mpok, the favourite hour of specripesrof .sorts,, mOand. -passed, yst no spectre appeared : ppeping over the wall. By this time they begapsto he wearied with long watehtiig-,; flndit waa proposed that riiey should take txaus, jphe gt a.tiihe,. while tae others slept c the fjifigne. of such unheard-of service. Ihe Jot fgll upon Jan Sol, who being, as it . wer7 a, sort pf old acqutintance -of; the 8pGnfi»»;i;-wa4!: .'fpppoBedt . to be particiiiarly ' qualified for this honour. Jan forfchwiljp' posted himself at the corner of the hjiae, upon one leg, tb make sure .o-keeping i awake, as he had whilbme seen whe' New Amsterdam geese, dp, ere they wemwan|siied from, the city, by the inflexible pafcasm of Dxrok Smet, the great law-giter. ; -fm, ; <f The little Dutch sentinel stood jaahout u hpmr, sometimes pn <me l«gf ;somei- <tthj«Pi >friA,hi8 -head blins,?and his hrt full fpfdwarsv -The ontoeswiftdecrease,AndaiDwmp- bibited ap arch ncA nnlike w1 brightly SndiQi |»|8tmp©ndedtoAhe w:dildiUB-:' distant horizon. ; Gradually rit renhk i hdimfl ' the hills, livtog the worid-to tiio guardAn- ahlp of the yatchman ,of- -fhe riiight; the twinkling stsirs. Scarcely a jaiimte. after, ' fho hpart pf honest Jan was. set binnping agaxnst his trustyri.be, by .theappKu-ance of \ aomething slo wly rising abpyea-llto todistinet ! line of the city wall, which T paght toob serve, was made of wood. Thef ; spectre - gradiuilly mounted higher And higher, and -rested the very spot where he had seen it twice before. The teethof Jan Sol chattered, and his knees knocked against each othar— but he stood his ground manfmly, and either would not, or could not run away, This -time the spectre, thoughhe appearedwith twoenormous J wings projecting frem his shouldere , d id not whirl them Tound, or expand them in the manner he had done- before: After sitting 1 perched for a few moments on the wall, he flew down'to the ground, and crept eautiousfy " along, under cover of the .wall, in adirection towards the big house. At this moment, the trusty J an with some -difficulty roused his companions, and silently pointed to the spectre gliding along as before related. ' Whether it was that A saw or heard some thing to alarm it, I cannot say ; but scarcely bad the redoubtable Gaptam Khyff risen, and shaken trom nis valiant spirit -the fuuies of sleep and schiedam,- When the spirit took, as it were, to itself wings, and sped rapidly towards the gate <tf the governors garden . The party pursued, with the ex ception of the caption, who earned too much weigh for a race, and arrived within right of the gate just to time to see the spectre vanish, either under, over, or inside of it, they could not. tell which. When they got to the gate, they found it tost locked ; -a proof, if any had been wanting, that it must have been some thing supernatural. "In pursuance of their instructions, the guard roused the governor, his household, and his troops, with the intention of searching the garden, and if necessary every part of his house, tor the purpose of detecting this mysterioii yn trader. The. garden was sur rounded by a high brick wall, the top of which bristled with iron spikes and pieces of bottles set in mortar. It was worth a man's life to get over -it. There -was no getting to or out except by the gate, on the outside of which the governor stationed two trusty fellows, withoriers to stand a little apart, and perfectly quiet. .Now all the governor's household was wide awake, and to abnstleof anxiety and trepidation, except one. alone, who did not make her appearauee. This was the governors only daughter, as pretty ;a little Dutch damsel as. ever crossed Kissing Bridge, or ramified over the green fields of the Manhadoes. Gompared to the queer, little bodies that figure .now-a-days to the .Broadway, seemingly composed of nothing but hats, feathers, and flounces — he was a composition of -real fieh and blood ; which is better than, all the gauze, silk, tulle, and grcs de Naples to the world. " The search now commenced with great vigour to the garden. ; although Jan Sol openly declared it as his opinion, that they might look themselves blind before they found the. spectre, who could fly over a wall as easy as grasshopper. He accordingly kept aloof frbm. the retired part of the -garden, and stock.ffiosethhis noble commander, Captain Ehjff, who, tiby this time, had come up with the pursuers. AH search, however, proved vato; for, after a close investigation of more than an hoar, it was unanimously agreed, that the intruder, whether man, monster, or ghost, could not possibly be hid in the garden. The go vernor then determined to have thehouse searchei, and accordingly the whole party entered for. that purpose, with the exeeption of the two sentinels without the gate . Here, while rummaging to closets, peering, under beds, and looking up chinmeysdn vain, they were alarmed by a sudden ehoufc from the garden, which made their hearts quake with exceeding apprehension. The shout was succeeded by loud talking, and apparent tugging and struggling, as if between persons engaged in hot contention. At. the some moment, the -governor. daughter rushed into her chamber, and thrpjetog her self on the. bed with a toud"" shriek, remained insensible for some time. Everybody was sure she had. seen the spectre. " It appears that while the search was going on to the big house, and the attention of everybody employed in "that direction, the sentinels outside the gate heard the key cautiously turned inside ; then, after a little pause, slowly open." A face then peeped out, as if to take an observation, afid- the owner, apparently satisfied thatthe coast was clear, darted f orward. The' first step, he unluckily tripped oyer a rope which these trusly fellbWa had d rawn across thegate, and- f eH toll length on the ground. Before he could recover his feet, the two Sentinels -were Upon him, and,-ih spite of his exertioiiS, bept him down, until their shouts drew the rest of the guard to; their - assistance. The .spectre was then secured With ropes, and safely lodged in the ; eeU&runder; a strong escort, to a wait- his csx- amination the next morning. ; Jan iSol was one of the band, though he insisted it was aH" nonsense to mount guard over a spectre:" " " After the council met, and everything was ready, the door of the . cella© ws-'- patttiously opened, and Jari Sol at the- head.; that is to say, in- the Tear of a. file of sdldis, descended, for the purpose of hringtogfottii; this darih g interloper, who had thus rrptff time to tu& disturbed th e Meep : Of the sobri4 citizmis of New Amsterdam. Jan offered tb bet a canteen of sehiedam that they would ' find nobody in the cel|ir, -diut, -Contrary (to all expectation, they presently, came forth with the body of a Comply youth, apparently about the ageof five-ahd- twenty, whicfii was considered, very yaug in . those days. Nothing, was rrcnstomaiy there, than for a sturdy rnotor to bastinado her boys, as she caRed then?; after they had grown to be six feetjasgn. Theywere all the better for it, SfSu made excellent husbands. . " When the young man came into the presence of the puissant governor of the New Netherlands, he' appeared a com&y; person, tall, ifaireomplfi3uOnfedi! iid nlettaat of feature! He "was not haviiiga lawyer at his plb 0 thO" nobte-'.:Att( of.; : - jrithofit r - . .. , — aa©r\ " ' How did you get into the city FfWto.-?2;a << 4I otifiiboddlie Wrilynear the eoi(anyvtf u ' And how did yon get in to the gmveMhr!. garden ?' - .... ? '/Thesame wiEy:4'«ot/out.,: A K--4 Sfonr-riB i-to hr--- tm---: " ' Through thpgtef9 -- /n - v --iA':,- ' fowtSd yoq the A Y y uniockjngtt/ - tMWifcha. feey.'A" " j Whence came that key ; INo saaswesr: ; ; ,.j Whentje'ostnfe Ihat'key f ' "c" \ ' I shall joot teH.J " What induced you to 'scale too whllj and intrude into toe garden T T shiril not tell:' :- iv <u Not if yOu are hanged for not telling J 'Nofciflani hanged foruot telling;® What have you ;done with tire wings with which, according to the testimony: of Tan-Sol, yon flew from the wall, and through the streettothe governor's gaiden. . " 1 never had any Wings, and never flew in the wh 'le course of my lifo.5 " Here Jan Sol was cafled-up, and testified positively to the wings &nd; the flying. There was now great yfrplexity in the couneil, when the keeper of the windmill demanded tci be heard. He stated "he " remembered per fectly well, that on the two nights referred to, he had set his' windmill coiner about the hour in which Jan Sol saw the spectre whirl round and fto from ohe wall. There had. been a calm ror several days previous, and the citizens began to he in want of flour.. He had therefore taken advantage of the riring of the wind at the time, to set his Willf going. A little further inquiry led to too fact, that toe place where toe spectre scaled the wall, was exactly in a line with toe wind mill, and the spot where Jan held his watch It was tons,- that the spectre became identi- fied' with the wings of themilL This exposi tion marvellously, quieted (the fears of the good people ; but there were a number of stern believers who etnek by the Httle sentinel, and continued to believe to the winged monster. As for poor Jan, he looked ten times more foolish , than when he used to be caught emptying the canteens of his comradea in his sleep. This elucidation being over, the examination proceeded. " ' Did you know of toe law making it) death for any one to enter or depart from toe city, between sunset and sunrise, except through the gate ?' "Tdid.' " ' What induced you to violate it ?' " I shall not tell.' " 4 Wasit plunder »' " I am no thief.' " ' Was it treason against the state? : " ' I am no traitor.' ' f 1 Was it mischief ?' " T am not a child. " 'Was it to frighten people ?' " ' I am not a fool.V " ' What is your name V " ' My name is of no consequence —a can be hanged without a name.' , ' 4 And this was all they could get out of him. Various cross questions were put to entrap him. He Teplied , to them all with perfect freedom and promptitude, until they canm to his name, amhhis motives for intrud ing into toe city in violation or a law so severe that none as yet had ever been known to transgress it. Then, as before, he declined answering. . "In those early days, under toe Dutch dynasty trial by jury was not in fashion. People were too busy to serve as. jurymen', if they had been wanted ; and the derision of most oases was left either to toe burgomasters, pr if of great consequence, to toe governor and. council. Justice was severe and prompt. The young man was sentenced to be hanged that day. week, and sent to the fort for safe keeping till toe period arrived. . "That dayl&ifclaaghter; of the governor did not appearliiapace the table «£ his ieney— Jior to the management of -those little — household affairs that are not beneath the dignity of the daughters of kings. She ; was ill with a headache, and kept her bed. The governor had no child Out her, and . though withoutany great portion of sensibility, was capable of all the warmth .of parental; ©flec tion. . Indeed, all his affections were centred to this little blooming offspring, who-was toe only being in all the ne w world that carried a . drop of his blood coursing in her blue veins. He was also proud of her—so proud, that his pride often got the better of his affection. He had sworn a thousand times that his CataUna should never marry anything below a Dutch baron. " This awe. on the part pf toe young fellows of New .Amsterdam, and this # well- known determination of the governor, kept all admirers at ©n avrful distance ' from toe jTOueg; who grew up to toe age ot Yrhteeh, loving noone save her father, now that hermother, was juo more; and an old black woman, . who -had token- care ..of her eve since she was a child. The throne » of her innocent bosom . had remained till fchen quite vacant, nor did she know for certain what it was that made her sometimes so weary of the worlds and so -tired of-, the length of too lii-riongjultry summer hours.. -. " About this time the governor was ; by important political busipess to toe eastern frontier, and toe journey was expected tt> take up several days. During his absence, a party was formed to cro theriver, andspend the day in rambling about the romantic _soElu&es; of Weeha wk, toen assort Of fotMtiei 'brtwefe toe wlsAman and toe Thdton. GataHna was presd to ubcompaiiy toem and at last eotssmB although against -too ;willv of the go vemn©Aimffi whowoti wrtalnly have forbidden 5 ;but he was a hnhdred mfleS off , and in to© absence of toe governor,5 the- was nobody equal to the gchreraoris daoteri 5 1 " .Catefinahad seafoted-- 'from toe oto'ish A and wandered almost miOonscionkly half Ajf V 'mile ffofotoe tendto||teite:'byhfip ' haps, 'when she©et onttoeeted beaux -to foHow,ut totey te< ;fo of hOr that no his his;" . o . tho TCporfc -of, a gnu; struck fe te run_to tooboateAnd esoApeinto fiio stream. 3M 4o ( , jus i wma butji xtess, lr bte momehtttiey the youag men prepared to pursue in the; direotlonof the shrieks and toegun. At this ensis, a figure darted swiftly fttinvtbe wood, hearing the young lady insensible in his arms, and, approaching the group, plaoed her with her head in the lap of one of the girls, while ho ran to the river and returned with some water in his hat. 44 Catalina soon came to herself, ana m la ted that rim had been seized by an Indian, and rescued by the young man, who all the young damsels presently discovered, , was Very handsome. He wore the dress of a gentleman, whioh, sooth to say, would not . cut much of a figure just now. He was ac coutred as a sportsman, and had in his bag sufficient evidence of his skill. T ras de cided on all hands that the stvanger, having Saved the life of Catalina, or at least rescued her from captivity, was destined to be her future husband, and that her time was now Come. Such prophesies are very apt.to be fulfilled. The stranger announced himself as the son of the ancient and honourable lord of Pavonia, and was blushing! y invited by Catalina to come and receive the thanks of . lier father, when he should return from the eastern frontier. But he only shook his head and replied, with a dubious smile — Are you sure I shall be welcome ?' " Prom this time Catalina became more languid and thoughtful than ever. When the governor returned and heard the story of her straying into the woods he swore he would reward the gallant young man like a most liberal and puissant governor. But when afterwards, on inquiring his name, he found that it was the son of the lord of Pavonia, he retracted his promise, and swore that the son waB no better than the father, who was an arrant splntterkin. They had quarrelled about the boundaries; his ex cellency claiming the whole of the river on the west side, up to the high-water mark, while the lord of Pavonia, whose territories lay exactly opposite the city of New Amster dam, had the temerity to set nets, . and catch shad in the very middle of the stream. Rumour, however, says that the young man found means to renew his acquaintance with Catalina, and that though she might never mention his name to her father, she thought of him all day, and dreamed about b all night. After a while the rumour died away, and the people began to think and talk of something else. Seme ot the young men, however, who happened to see the culiirifc that had dared to leap over the waU against the statute thought he had a strong resemblance to the youth who had rescued Catalina from the Indian. The young lady, as I said before, continued ill all day, and for several days after the condem nation of the spectre youth, who pexsevered obstinately in refusing any disclosure of his name, or his motive for scaling the walls of New Amsterdam. In the meantime the period of his execution approached, only two aays of life now remained to him, when Catalina, with an effort, determined to .bring her fate to a crisis at once. She rose from lier bed, pale and drooping like a lily, and tottering to her fatherte study, sank at his feet. " 'Father,' said she, 'will you forgive him and me?' "'Forgive thee my daughter; I . have nothing to forgive, so that is settled — but who is the other P 44 ' My husband.' " Thy husband I' exclaimed the puissant governor, starting up in dismay ; ' and who is he V ' " " The youth who is sentenced to die, the day after the morrow,' '"And who is he — in the d -l's name — I had almost saidj <\ claimed his ex cellency in wrathful amJf , ent. v lie is the soil or Ssflord ot Pavonia,' replied she, hiding her face with her hands. 44 ' And thou art married to that splutter- kin?' - . Yes, father. " ' Then I shall take care to unmarry thee —the knot the parson tied, the hangman shall untie the day after the morrow, or I am no governor. But who dared to marry thee against my will V " ' Dominie Cort&nius.;' He did— then the Dominie shall hang by the side of the splutterkin. Go to thy chamber, to thy bed, to thy grave, thou art no daughter of mine.' "Poor Catalina crawled to her bed, and wept herself into a temporary forgetf illness. The next day she was so much worse that the old nurse declared she would die before her husband. The governor kept up a good countenance, but his heart was sorely beset by pity and forgiveness, which both clung weeping about him. He went so far as to sound some of the council about pardoning the young man; but one" of them, who was . suspected of looking up to the fair CatalLx, balked so eloquently about the safety ef the- city and the public good, that he was fain to hold his tongue, ana shut himself up, for he could not bear to see his daughter. " Afc length the day arrived, big with the fate of poor Catalina and her unhappy hus- t>and. She sent to her father for permission to see him before he died, but the governor, after a sore struggle, denied her request. " ' Then, indeed, he isjuo longer father,' cried Catalina, and sinking upon her bed covered her head as if to shut out the world. Presently the bell tolled the hour of the sacrifice, and its hollow vibrations penetrated the ears of the mourning wife. In spite of her weakness and the endeavours of the old nnrsp, she started up, and rushic g towards tha door of her chamber, exclaimed wildly, I will see him — I will- go and see him die." Bat her strength failed her, and she sank on the floor. In the meantime a scene peculiarly interesting to the fortunes of Catalina, was passing below. The proud, bbdurate, rich old lord of Pavonia, had \- heard of the capture — the condemnation of l' ' f lus. only son. For qwhile his pride and . v tiring of the governor of New Amsterdam Inmost choked the thought qf entreaty or imncessioh td hicieht enemy, v But as the : 0 k<em' .heard o£ .th'i- riftia- ' amved.and he lookedficross tlm smooth ittver,'. from ' ;tiie loivf>ari fronting . :&» I stately mansion, towards the spot where his sou warn about to suffer ignominious deaths ieeliogs nqlbnger. ; j , i» Calling for %i& boatmenarid his and hastily putting on his cooked hat ana sword, he embarked, crossedswiftly over the ri ver, and landing, proceeded directly to the big house. He demanded an audience of the governor. "'The old splutterkin is here too— hut let him come in, that I may be satisfied the old dog is as miserable as myself, said the governor, with tears in his eyes. " The lord of Pavonia . entered with a stately how, which waB returned in as stately a manner by the governor. " ' I come," said Pavonia, 4 I come,'— and his voice became choked, ' to ask the life of mysonatyour hands.' 4 4 Thy son has broken the laws, and the laws condemned him to death justly.' " ' I know it,' said the other ; but what if I pay the priceof his ransom ?' " ' I am no monej higgler. " ' But if I surrender the right of the river, to high-water mark r' " " What !' said his excellency, pricking up his ears, wilt thou ? And the shad fishery, and the diabolical gill nets ?' " Tea — all— all !' said the other, ' to save the life of my only son.' " Wilt thou sign, seal and deliver ?; " ' This instant — so I receive back my bov alive.' " ' Stay then a moment.' " The governor then hastily directed his bell-ringer to call the council together, and laid -the proposition before them. The con cession was irresistible, and the council decided to pardon the son, on condition that the father executed the deed, of relinquish ment. He did so, aud the young man was forthwith, set at liberty. It is time for me to retire," said our good grandfather, " so I must out short my story. The meeting of the husband and his faithful wife took place without witnesses, and none was ever able to describe it. Catalina speedily re covered, and lived to see her children's children play about the room by dozens. The lord of Pavonia and the governor of New Amsterdam continue? a sort of grumbling acquaintance, and Lined together once & year, when they always quarrelied about the fishery aud high- water mark. 