THE EOUT OF THE WHITE HUSSAES. B* OTTDYABD KIPLING. (feoh 'elaut tujssfeom the Hnis.') : Some people bold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I ham-seen four hundred and thirty-seven sabres flying over the face of the country in abject terror — have seen the belt regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army list for the space of two hours. If von repeat this tale t the White Hussars they will in all probability treat you severely. They are not proud of the incinnnr You may know the White Hussars by their ' side,' which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, yon may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years in the mess and is worth going far to taste. Ask for the ' M'Gaire' old brandy, and see that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be lost on yon, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you are at mess, yon must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi tive ; and if they think you are laughing at them, wOl tellyouso. As the White Hussars say, it was the colonel's fault. He was anew man, and he oughtnever to have taken the command. He said that the regiment waa not smart enoueh. This to the White Hussars, who knew that they could, walk rourfd anv Horse and through anv guns, and over any Foot on the face of the earth! That insult was the first-cause of offence. Then the colonel cast the drum-horse— the drum-horse of- the White Hassan 1 yerhajpe you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will fay to mako.it. clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the dtum ?torse who carries the silver ketUe-drums. He is nearly always a big piebald. Water. That is a point of honour ; ana a regiment will spend anything you please on a piebald. He is be vond the ordinary laws of casting. His work is'very light, and he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so Ions as he can step out and look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. The drum-horse of tho White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly equal to his duties. He hud at least six Tears more work in him, and carried himself with all tbe pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid 1,'JOOrs. for TKim But the colonel said that he must go. and he was cast in due form and replaced by a washy, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe- neck, rat-tail, aud cow-hocks. The drummer detected that animal, and the best of the baud-horses put back their ears and showed the whites of their eyes at the very sight of him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. I fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade move ments. A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It only turns out forcommanding officers' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more im portant than the colonel. He is a high priest, and the ' Keel Bow' is his holy song. The '? Keel Bow' is the cavalry trot ; and the man wlio has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regi ment going past the saluting-base, has some thing yet to hear and understand. When the colonel cast the drum- horse of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. _v The officers were. tiBferJ-, the regiment were furious, and theCbandamen swore — like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to auction — public auction — 13 be bought perhaps by 'Parses and put into a cart ! It was w«rse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate to a Jew — a black Jew. The colontl was a mean man und a bully. He knew what the redment thonirht about his action ; and when the teoopers offered to buy the drum-horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula tions. But one of the subalterns— Hogsn-Yale, an Irishman — boughc the drum-horse for IGOrs. at the sale ; and the colonel was wroth. Yale professed repentance — he was unnaturally sub missive — ana said that, as he had only made the purchase to save the horse from possible iU-treitmeut and starvation, he would now shoot him and end the business. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for he wanted the drum horre disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the drum-horse, was an annoyance to him. ? ? Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, \ three chexoots, and his friend Martyn i ana^ they all left the mess together. Tale and ~Manyn conferred for two hours in Yale's! quarters ; but onlythe bull- terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what they said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his ears, left Yale's stables, and was taken, very un-i Willingly, iuto the Civil lines. Yale's groom went with Wai, Two men. broke into the regimental tjieatre and took several paint pots and some large scenery brushes. Then night fell over Ihe Cantonments, and there was a noise as of ahorse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white WaUr trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, aud the men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drum horse in the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral — a finer one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of the regiment follow ing There was no band, but they all sang. 'The Place where the eld Horse Died,' as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier Gergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, ' Why, it ain't the drum-horse any more than it's me '.' The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his head in the can teen. The farrier-sergeant said that he knew the drum-horse's feet as well as he knew his own ; but he was silenced when he saw the regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up-tumed .near-fore. Thus was the drum-horse of the White Hussars buried; the farrier-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint ; aud the farrier-sergeant drew attention to this fact. But the troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on the stun, ana told him hat he was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge on the White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that time temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brigade field-day. He said that he wished to make the regiment ' sweat for their d ? d insolence,' and he carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of tho White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, au-i dismounted, and ' stiehtincally handled' in every possible .fashionover'austy country, till they sweated profusely. -Their only amusement came late in the day when they fell upon the battery of Horee Artillery and chased it for two miles. This .was a personal question, sad most of the troopers bad money on the event'; the gunners saying- openly that they had the legs of the White Hussars. They were -wrong. A march past concluded the ?campaign, and when the regimeiit got back to their lines, the men were coated withdirt -from siwxiochin-dxi.3. ? The 'WfitevHassaifl nave one great and peculiar privaecei They own it atFontenov, i.thin'k, '? v, ???'?'? Ma^'refflmente possess speda! rights such as ?wearing-collars wiai undress uniform, or a how of ribbon betweoi^tbe shoulders* or red and white roses in their .helmets on Agrtaip days of the year. Somerights are connected with regi mental saints, aid some with regimental suc ?cesses. All are valued highly ; bat none so highly as the right of the White Husnrsto have the band playing when their horses are bang watered m Hie lines. Only one tune is played, and that tune never varies. I don't know its real name, bnt the White Hussars call it, ' Take me te London Again.' It sounds ?very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than forego their distinc tion. After the ' discuss' was sounded, the offi cers rode off home -to prepare for stables; and the menfiiedirto&e; fines riding easy. That is to say, they openeS their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, and tagan to joke or to swear as tbe humour took them ; the more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values his mount exactly as much as he values himself, and believes, or should believe, titat the two together are irresistible where women or men, girls or guns, ax concerned. Ifcen the orderly-effioer gave the oraer, ' Water horses,'' end the regiment loafed off tothe«guadron-trougb« which were in rear of the staties and between these and the barracks. There were four hugh troughs, one for each -aquadDsn, arranged tnieJieU-»,saibai, tbe whole ?regiment could water in ten minutes if it liked. But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while thebandplayed. . The band struck up as ihe squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the Ben slipped then feet out of the stirrups and chaffed each other. The sun was just setting in a big, hot bed of red cloud, and the road to the eivu linen seumed to run straight Into the eon's eye. . There was a little dot on the road. It grew and crew till it showed as a horse, with a sort of grioiron thing on his back. The red cloud glared through the tan of the gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded their eye* with their nands\and atid, ' What the mischief 'as that there 'orse goton'imT' . \ Ik Another minute they heard *a neigh that every «ul— horse and man— in the regiment knew.aoi saw, heading straight towards the band, the jead drum-horse of the White ! HntstfBj I On his withers banged and bumped the kettle-drums draped in crape, and on his*baclh , very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. ' Tlie .band stopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a hush. Then some one' in E Troop— men said it was -the troop-serguant-major — swung his horce round ana yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, one maa in each troop set an ex ample of panic, and the rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered; but as soon as the band broke, which it did when the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede— quite different from the orderly throb and roar of a movement on parade, or the rough horse-play of watering in camp — made them only more terrified. They felt that the men on their backs were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. iroop alter troop turned rrom^bti troughs and ran — anywhere and everywhere— like spiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were in all stages of easiness, and the carbine-buckets flopping against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursinp-, and trying to pull clear of the bana which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to he spurring for a wager. .The colonel had gone over to the mess for a .drink. Most of theomcers were with him, and the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down io the lines, and receive the watering re-* ports of the troop-Eeresant-majors. When ' Take me to 'London Again'' (topped, after -liwcmlty ntEB| ~wury-' :one .&n;' 'sHie : ? -mess * -q'fl. ?' 3Wiatteii(a^*l^^ppeaeffi' ; Aminute later, fhey heard unmilitary nenseg, tmd saw,' far across the plain,, the 'White Hussars scat tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for he thought that the regiment had risen against him or was unanimously drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its labels laboured the drum- horde— the dead and buried drum-horse— with the jolting, clattering skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly . to and the band, which had doubled like a hare, came back again. But the rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk hid shut in and each man was howl ing to his neighbour that the dram-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly treated as a rule. They cm, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lusted I ca.iiiot Jay. I believe that when tbe moon rose the men saw they had nothing to feai, and, by twos and threes and half -troops, crept back iuto canton ments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum-horse, disgusted at his treatment by' old friends, pulled up, wheeled round, and trotted up to the mess veraudah stepsfor bread. No one liked to run ; but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. The baud had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, every evil uame that occurred to him at the time ; for he had set his hand on the bosom of the drum-horse and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and dis covered tbat they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired in'o the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis and lis knee in the old drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusiag. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, say ing to the band—' Here, you curs, that's what you're afraid of.' The skeleton did not lock pretty in the twilight. The band- sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. ' Shall I take it away, sir ?' said the band-sergeant. ' Yes,' said the colonel, ' take it to hell, and ride there yourselves!' The baud-sergeant saluted, hoisted tht skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderful. He would disband the regiment — he would court-martial every soul in it — he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and so on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Yale aside and sug gested compulsory retirement from the service as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Yale put up his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that he was the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection ol the drum-horse. ' My instructions,' ea.nl Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, ' were that the drum-horse should be sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, am I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him back in such a rnnmnny as-to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majesty'scavalry i' Martyn said, ' You are a great man, and will in Ume -become a general ; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this affair,' i-roviueuce saved mariyn ana llogan-Xale. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein tbe subal terns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would he hopeless to detect ; and I know that he dwelt upon the sin and the shame of making a public laughing-stock of the scare. 'They will call us,' said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination — 'they will call us the ' My-by-Nights;' they will callus the 'Ghost Hunters;' they win nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the offi cers were away when the panic began. For the honour of the regiment and for tout own sake keep this thing quiet.' The colonel was so exhantted~with anger that soothing him down was not bo difficult as might be imagined. He was nude to see, gently and by degreep, that it was obviously impossible to court-martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any concern in the hoax. 'But the beast's alive! Hys never been shot at all'' shouted the colonel. 'It's flat flagrant disobedience ! I've known a maa broke for less — damn sightless. They're mock ing me, I tell you, Mutman ! They're mocfc ine me !' Once more, the second in command set him self to soothe the colonel, and wrestled with him for half an hour. At the end of that lime, the regimental sergeant-major reported him self. The situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to be put out by circum stances. He saluted and said, ' 'Regiment all come back, sir.' Then to propitiate the colonel — 'An' none of the 'orses any the worse, sir.' The colonel only snorted aud answered — ' You'd better tuck the men into their cots, then, and see that they don't wake up and cry in the night.' The sergeant withdrew. His little stroke of humour pleased the colonel, and, further, he felt slightly ashamed of the language he had been using. The second in command worried him again, and the two sat +»li™ig tax into the night. 'Next day 'but one, there was a commanding officer's parade, and ihe colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of his speech was that, since the drum-horse in his old age had proved ^tiSmydf capable of -cutting np the whole. regiment, he should' return to . his post of pride at the' head of the band/brit the regiment, were a set of ruffians with bad con sciences. The White Hussars shouted, and threw everything movable about them into the air, and when . the parade was over, they cheered the colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were 'put up for Lieutenant Hogan Yale, who smiled very sweetly in the back-ground. Said the second in command to the colonel, unofficially— 'These little things ensure popularity, and do not the least affect discipline.' ' But I went back on my word,' said the colonel. ' Nevermind,' said the second in command1. ' The White Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Regiments are justlike women. They will do anything for trinketry.' A week later, Hogan-Yale received an extra ordinary letter from some one who signed him self ' Secretary, Charity and Zeal, 3709, E.C.,' and asked for ' the return of onr skeleton whicn we nave reason to believe is in your pos session.' ' Who the deuce is this lunatic who trades in bones ?' said Hogan-Ysle. 'Beg your pardon, sir,'' said the band sergeant, ' bnt tho skeleton is with rue, an' I'll retain it if you'll pay the carriage into the civil linee. There's a coffin with' it, sir.' Hogan-Yale smiled and handed two rupees to the band-sergeant, saying, ' Write the date on thesfcull.TSlyoii?' If you doubt this story, and know where to to, you can see the date on the skeleton. But on't mention the matter to the White Hussars. I happen to know something about it, be cause I prepared the drum- ruuse for his resur rection. He aid not take kmcMy to the skeleton at all. . Perhaps for brutal callousness' the crime which has shocked Booneville, the Kentucky town, has rarely been equalled. HeaT Bow man was knocked down by his cousu.*S^'onI1 Bowman, whereupon the hitter's sister. -xOVfTi cut Henry's heart out with a bowie-fife. The eirl claimed the man had insulted her. The dowry of the Princess ?Victoria, daughter' of the_Bmnress Frederick and AmoJe of Prince Adolphns Schanmburg-Lippe, will, it isasid, amount to IMjOM.OpOmaita, or £500,000 ster ling, with an »d«i»ti-«ifli annn.i allowance of 76,000 marks. The German 'Emperor intends' to give his enter a, special annuity out of his own purse. 