HEBE AND THERE. (By Pademelon.) " Nunc placida composta pace quicscit."— Virgil. She was very bad, poor sister Jude . She said it Was the Russians. iFour and thirty years had passed since — a girl of fifteen at the time — she had first repd of the ravages /\4"' Vnomnn won onrl Wiioonn 4-U A XUUOOiaU AAXC7AX CUXXVX XUUOOXCV11 VAIUIO XXX U11C? terrible trenches before the great Crimean fortress. Now at the age of thirty-two vivid was her recollection of them as when she sailed in the sunnier latitudes of early life ; and, as we feared, her suffer ings of the last few weeks united with the peculiar nature of her malady to recall more vividly and render personal her apprehension of the horrors of that dread ful Crimean winter. In every heave of her convulsing chest she thought she recognised the quake of a Russian gun : and so did we, and a deuced lot of sponging that same gun took : Kenny's smokeless powder was admirable, but as Jude remarked, it wanted "washing down." Then in her racking brain she felt the incessant pinging of leaden missiles, the clang of arms, the tremors of frozen men, the groans of agonizing ones, in a word all the dreadful turmoil inseparable from the harrowing scenes enacted on the heights above the Redan and Malakoff (but still she didn't freeze like, nor get shot, nor have her head cut off, nor any of those other things) but there she kept on quiet, looking at the flies on the ceiling, and' all at nnfifl slifi'rl innm nr>. anrl sav — " Tlifii-ft's Mentchikoff on our rear ! Theie's another spanker from Todleben !" or something about "the ghost of Komaroff," or some thing like that. Not one movement of her limbs but betrayed (when translated) the ominous presence of active Russian influences galvanizing into life and motion the hitherto dormant rheum, and bile, and noxious fluids of her body, and which were" followed ever and anon by fervent appeals for " a little more egg in solution" (she preferred Quinlan's three star Hennessy) or one more powder, to be followed by the inevitable sponging (for which she had a most decided penchant , but which was never satisfactory effected unless "Jimmy Battleaxe" wielded the rammer. Her malady was the influenza, and tho genuine Russian article she had not the shadow of a doubt. For ten long weary weeks Susan Ann or Betsy Jane watched faithfully by hex- bedside. The great guns blazed away and the patient sentinels faltered not. But fainter now those thunders grew. Steel or brass might stand tlieir friction, but not so Julia's tender guttural organism : gradually abrasion did its work, gradually our Julia sank. Day by day we felt our task of love was drawing "to a close ; day by day John Jamieson — as effectual in his way as Dr. Adam of quondam Liberal fame — was in less request, and the lines of dead marines upon our shelves, our side- boards, and our floors were added to less frequently. Hour by hour our nightly vigils, if more protracted and more anxious, were hastening to an end; hour by hour, if once anxious, now (that doubt was past) more placid, quite expectant, almost cheerful, became that formal indi vidual' (the Don of the fraternity) whose business it is to construct the wooden dwellings of the dead, and whose man on this occasion was hovering with rule in hand for two whole days around our gate. Momentarily at length did we await the summons to other realms for our dear Julia — and to the small debts court for me, to answer' why and wherefoi-e certain bills had not been paid, or go to gaol. One second more, one gasping breath, and sister Jude was gone : .one — but some men would joke upon their mother's grave. . Farewell, dear Jude. The war is over— ' tibi parta quie$ ! . But now the trouble began. Four sisters and a mother into black must go. " For everybody does it," said Susan Ann, and that sufficed. So dvosses- five of orthodox funereal type were forthwith ordered; veiled headgear too of purest jet, and crape galore; gloves, brooches parasols, and shoes to match. 'Twas bankruptcy outright and 3d. in the pound as sure as our equestrian Dean has joined the Masons. Then coffin, metal-bound, with plates and floral wreaths of varied form — eight notes were sunk in it: and this on £90 a year ! " A hearse" said Betsy Jane, " for Annie Fantod's mother's only daughter took her last drive in such wise ; and if we don't have one, what'll the Joneses say? And then they're only seven pound ten, and do look so respectable, and the undertaker himself's as good as a chief mourner; and then if there aren't any other carriages it won't look so poor like, and it'll be an utter disgrace to the family if we don't have one; and how could we ever look the "Windbags in the face again? or think of asking Mr. Highflyer to the house ?" " Oh, go, my dear, by all means, don't get one or two but half-a- dozen at any price. Such dire disasters, to avert them not ten but fifty pounds would be well-spent." She went. Plumed waggonette plumed horses with a spruce young man to drive were forthwith ordered to be duly XXX ifc|/l/15IXU.CllUU. JL VOUUUiCU UV OUggCOU uuu- riders for the horses (we should then appear as of equestrian rank) ; a plume for the driver's nail-can hat and another for his whip (the effect would be so striking) ; plumes for thej pall-bearers, four, in all, the nineteen yards of crape would be (nowhere) ; a suit at any cost and a plume or two for the good old grave- digger ; Wo undertakers if one would not do and at least a second hearse in case of accident topboots — but mother ruled me out of- order as "neither the Westcotts nor the ' Scanwells never got all those things." Only three days later. Things look blue. That confounded dressmaker, if she doesn't threaten to put me under the' Town Hall Clock! Where would I get £13? That's the undertaker again. For goodness' sake let me under the bed— anywhere out of his sight. He says ho must ' take proceedings against me to recover that ten pound ten. What else? — Go on Betsy Jane and Susan Ann — both. Don't consider me or my feelings. It's angelic. Go on — when I look so miserable that's when I'm in extacies. "And there are three other small accounts for about Wo and twenty notes : there's the chemist's bill for £6 5s. ; and the elixir bill for ' £13 10s. and " " That's heavenly ; go on my heart's delight, don't think of minding mo. I can stand it all. Ifs paradise to me." "Which makes about fifty pounds, and the doctor's bill not in yet:" Well that spiked my gun. I had tried to act the stoic, but the catastrophe was overwhelming! I had tried too in my time to be a honest man and make it my boast that I could pay 20s. in the pound. But it was no go Society would not let me. This funeral kind o' run me up a tree ; but when I come down for another one you'lL see. Next funeral's in our house '11 start from the Poor House. 