NOVELIST My iarij's Revenge. ISy.E. (MBna.SOX JOXES- «-<<- ciiArri-nt xix.-(c.i.MTMui3i) ) ' "Why, certainly not. monsieur. Minims only brought me up, end I love hc-rand papa very dearly. But one of these days I'm to find my own parents, and lum rut to be a prince's daughter maybe, us thev do in fairy tales — that's what my godmother says." " Oh, my child 1" moans rocr Mrs. Bith well, leaning down to clasp her again. I lost my little bahy afmost as soon a? it was born. If she had been spared to me, she j would hive been like you." "Lust bet! Did eke die.'" inquires Jlri?. "No; rbe was etolcn from mc-." replies Mrr. lJotbwc!'. Josie op-.-t!8 her black c-ycs wide, then purees her red mouth, and utters a low cry. "Stolen I" the repeals. ' Wt.ll, now, what if I should turn nut to he y>ujr stolen child? Wouldn't that be nice? Tbat'e the way the fairy books nisi;? it. But it couldn't well be, for I hare the L- uicr crescent on rnv arm. i think that grand old lady at j> ivernnis tourt WJJJ fcc my praii'lro'itlifcr when the truth's known. Dial find out some day. yon .nay he surer of that. And, lei's see — well, it wiil be betti r. n rhaps. for me to have your address, then i'il write and t<ll yon all about it. Will you please write it for me ?" She dives into her pocket, and brings up a eet ' f tablets and a pencil-case, which she r->ta ia Mr?. R ithwc-li's hand. " I always ht rp " roc explains "to write down anything Mrs. Heath wishes me to remember. She cave them to me. Please just put your name and nddrens down, and I will write to you some day." ' Merr, my dear, give her thie." saye Mr. Itithwell, taking a card from his pocket, as his wife vainly essays to write with her trembling fingers. " I think thia singular interview hss lasted long enough." l'.ut Josit's quick ears catch the import of the last words, and as she receives the tablet aud the card, she draws b3ck at once. " Good-hye. lady." fhe says, touching the tip= of lirr fingers to her red mouth. The carriage whirls away, and looking back through her tens, Mrs. H ithwell sees the sparkling face and graceful Jitile figure, dt fined like a rare picture in the yellow sunlight. At his hotel, on Iris return from the drive, the ironmaster fir.d3 various letters awaiting him — only one cf thee, however, cf much importer ee. This ons, dated from " Aberducno Lodge, Cardiganshire," ran as follows : '"My Pr.ut Sin — I am spending a few days at mv old \\\ elsh f> at, known as Abcr- J dudr,'"' I, edge. V.Y-nhl yen mind putting J yourstlf to thei rouble rf nrakirg men visit ? I am very anxious t .i meet you. I made 1 ariar.gr ir.cn te to wait open you fine time re o. hut. unfcrn-rat.Jy, you were net in England. Some v.-ry sirrr.p" truths, ikirt merely corcrrn both ynimrU at o nm. hrv? cc-mc to my knowledge. end 1 am iiripaiient to com municate (hem in ton, aid to confer with j on in regard to oarfuiu e notion, If yon can jratc it convenhnt jo comply with this irq-ieit, have the goodness to write a line to my solicitor, 3Ir. Yant, HI. Dorset- street-, London. He wiil bear you company into Wales, and will no doubt aseist us in coming to a ssrisHctory under standing. 1 shell bopo to sre you es early as practicable. — Yours very obediently, " Sr. AruTX. " To E Imund 11 jtbwcll, E q." The iron roaster read this loiter thrice, and then put- it carefully into his breast pocket. ' he soliloquised, "cm Lord St. Aubyn want win, n? Aud I'm to race all the way to Wales to meet i.im ; Xnt I. if he wants to Fee run br brows where io find me when I return to England, and he oan trouble himself to ''all upon ire i: his reve lations are of such iniprrcance." But the import of Ibis letter liaunled him. Sleeping or waking, his mind was tormented by the question : "What can Lord St. Aubyn have to tell ?" He made ro mention of th-> Ir-tfcr to his wife, for her despondency had settled into a fixed despair since tbt;r drpsrtute from France was decid-d cn, and he had no wish to add to htr anxieiy. Arrive ! in London, he tork apartments, End lost no time in securing the heat rrmdtcai attendance for his wife. S jo w,io worn out by some Fecrit and incessant canY and must have recreation, change of rcece, and amuse ment. This was the verdict of the doctors; and with a feeling cf grateful relit f that his fears in regard to his wife wire groundless, Mr. II rthwell proceeded to arrange his, bnsi- neEF, preparatory to a winter sojourn in Eome. Still that letter from Wales haunted him, and at last he made up his mini that he must see the cud cf the matter, for the sake cf ki3 own piece of mind, if nothing else. He appointed an hour for bunting up the eld solicitor, Trehsrr.e Trent, at his cham bers in DorFet-street ; but he was nniici- pated in his intention and considerably sur prised by a call It oat ihat Tiilcrosn him self — a email, wiry individual, in i, iasty wig ana rusty black knee-breeches. " L have only just beard of your return to England, Mr. Ilithwell," he began, when the salutations of the day had been interchanged, 'and, you see, I have lost no time, i.i seeking cn interview. I should have sou Hit it months ago. Air. Mvthwell. but, unfortunately, you were out of England." He paused and sat rubbing his dry hands together, sitting on the edge of bis chair, and looking about him with an alert, expect ant air. The ironmaster bowed, produced a de canter cf wine, and pushed it across the table to bis visitor. " Take a glass of port, Mr. Vant he said, "and then have the goodness to inform me for what purpose you have sought this interview." Mr. Yant helped himself to the wine, smacking his lips over it with great satisfac tion. " Well, Mr. Ilothwell," he said, " before I proceed to reveal to you the strange and sur prising facts that have come into my Jnntc tnllnLJrirt Tftlir lTltprfst ft-tlrf pUcttSCtUII— iOVIC VWUWIrtUt) j «"» — — — honor, Mr. llothwell— I want to ask you an honeEt question : "Go on, sir." "Mr. ltotli well, yon are a rich man, and a liberal one— at least, the world givee you that character. Now, sir, if the strange truths I am about to put into your posses sion turn out to be priceless worth to yon — in other words, Fir. if I am able to convince you that inEtead of a plain ironmaster you ore a titled peer, wilh untold wealth at your com mand — if 1 am able to put yon in the way of recovering your possessions, your title, your lawful heritage — if 1 can do all this, Mr. II ithwell, what ore yon willing to do for me?" A slow flush arose in the ironmaster's cheeks, and despite his habitual dignity and rcpoEe of manner, he found it bard to restrain hia sell command. ' Hither a strange question, Mr. Yant." he said. "Let ms hear all these wondrous truths yon speak of, and then I can better judge of their value." "No. sir," cried the solicitor, hotly. \- ' Mr secret would be your secret then, and you could reward me or let it alone according to your fancy. No sir; I set my price first, and then do my work. Now. Mr. 3R .thwell, thi- k the matter ever. If I do all I have promised to do— reveal to yon the secret of your birth, and make you a titled and enor mously wealthy man — you will give me one hundred thousand pounds when you come into possession of your lawful inheritance ? Mind, sir, no sou 1 alive has the power to do this for yon but me, and how tbie power came into my hands there is no need of ex plaining. Will you comply with my demand or not ?" Mr. E-.t'nweli meditated for the space of a ! minute, and then looked up with fl light laugh. This all sounds like child's play,' ' he said ; " however, I've no objection to make this prumiee. If you are able to do what you state, and 1 see fit to take advantage of your revelationp, I'll give you the hundred thou sand pounds." " Very well, sir," returned the other. Here's pen and ink; now write me your agreement to that ifi'ect." " I wonder if you ere a madman ?" thought Mr. It ithwell ; but he took up the pen and wrote the agreement. He was on the paint of signing it with his own name, when the solicitor inter posed. " Dae moment, ii you please, sir," he eaid. "Hicn — ' R;. Auhvn.' " " What ?" ' St, A=ibyn, Tint is your name, my lord. Jufud, Maiqci? cf fit. Aubyn," The ironmaster dropped his pen and stared at hiM visitor. ' Man, are you a fool or a lunatic;" he f jseulstt d. ' Neither the one nor the ether, as you wiil find," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign i s I tell you. and let us proceed. My time is precious." A sudden r-: collection of that letter from S Aubyn, desiring Irm io visit him at Walvs, flashed through Mr. Brthwcll'a brain. He had not thought of it before. What, if after ail this man were teiling him the trulh ? Moved by an instantaneous impulse, he dipped his pen in the ink and dashed eff thi required signature. Mr. Y;ini took the note, dried th.o ink with care, folded it, and put it in bis breast poc'r.ct. ' 'I'liai's a» good as the Bank of England," he said, a greedy gliticr in his small, sharp eyes. "Now, sir, we'i' proceed if y->u are rca-Iy." " I am ready. Mr. Yznt." " Wei!. Mr. KnhwfH," begun the lawyer, " fome twe years ago 1 chanced to be in Paris, and I was called into the old Convent ol the Eaered Heart to hear the confession of a dying nun — Hister Thcrcse they called her. 1 have her pijiure hers. Mr. It. ithwell, did you ever eec that face beloxe ?" Mr. Both well took the ivory miniature and examined it. Y'es," be answered, without hesitation, " that is the face of the woman who brought me up for a while — llcloise she called her self. She was cot my mother, but I lived with her till I was about thirteen years old." ' T/fc'sily," responded the other. " Y'ou are willing to swear to this " Yes, sir, I am wiliing." " An important Enk ; our chain of evidence is quite complete, 3fr. ilothweil. " Now for the story. I was called in, as 1 have mentioned, to take down the confessions of this woman. I did so, in the presence ol ibe proper cullioriiiee, aud now you shall hear it. ' This woman, Hcloiseby name, was head nurse at Si. Aubyn House, when Lady Tiieodoise Lauder that had been, but wife of the late marquis, was delivered of her eon and heir. This head curse, Heloise, ac cording to her confession, and also proved by j an old Siottish record, which I have taken j the trouble to find, rvas the wife of one j Auguele St. Aubyn, a younger brother of the j marquis by a secret marriage; and she, too, had a son born, only a short time previous to the Lady Theodosia's confinement. "Well, Mr. It rth well, it turns out that this Lord Auguste St. Aubyn, who was a dissolute young soldier, tired of bis low-born wife, deserted and disowned her, and was killed soon after in a duel. Meantime the Marchioness of St. Aubyn was at death's door, and the infant heir of St. Aubyns was placed in the c are of this women Heloise. Ia her pain and anger at being deserted ia her apparent disgrace, an idea occurred to her that she would revenge herself upon the haughty St. Aubyns. "She took the infant heir from its cradle at St. Aubyn House, and hurried him to a little cottage where her mother lived and had charge of her own child ; then she took her babe, '.be son of Lbedead soldier and duellist, AuguEte St. Aubyn, and carried him back to the great bouse, and put him in the young heir'e place, and no one ever suspected the j deception. . ! Thus, yon eee, Mr. Bulb well, that this , woman's bod, the offspring of her clandestine J marriage with Auguste St. Aubyn, was J reared at St. Aubyn House, and considered j the son of the marquis ; and when the mar- j quis died he succeeded to the title and estates, I and the world knows him to-day as Justin, j Lord of St. Aubyn, and, through the | death of a great-uncle, also of Nivernois Court." " And the other child 1 " questioned the ironmaster, hoarsely. " The other child was reared by the woman Heloise, under the name of Edmund Botb- well." For the space of a minute dead silence reigns, and Mr. Yant watches his companion with his alert, sharp eyes. Presently Mr. Botbwell speaks. "And is that all? "he say a. " Isn't it enough, sir 1 But it isn't quite all, to tell you the truth. This dying woman /-nnffKspd that she had never loEt sight Of this Edmund Both well, lest by some chance he should succeed in supplanting her own son. She bad him under her eye wherever be went, even when he married ; and when his Yvife gave birth to a child, knowing that it would inherit the estates and title that her own eon held, the more to secure him in his unlawlul position, she stole the babe and 1 had it murdered — too late discovering that it was a pirl." My DEW - murdered 1" "Yes, eir; that's what she stated under oath, and with her last breath. She re pented, it appears, and made a clean breast ol it. And now, Mr. Ilithwell, if I may venture to call you by your old name, what do you propose doing ? Of course you eee that your case is complete. I could have told you all this months ago, but it is a rule of mine never to broach a case till I can see the end. This one is clear. All tbe proofs are under my finger-ends. Now, sir, what is to bs do-eE' M-. B ithwell meditated, with a curious half-regretful look in his ryes. He was thinking of the picture of the dead marquis, down at Nivernois Court, to which his wife had said he bore such a strong resemblance — his own father's picture, evidently. But now without a child, or any hope of ever having one, he fell but little anxiety to claim his rights. ' It is scarcely worth the trouble." he6aid, epeaking his thoughts aloud. Ji I have enough of the world Y goods, and care but little for its honors. But ibe truth sh<-uld be established. Well, tbe best thing we can do is to go and see St. Aubyn. I have a letter from him, which refers to this matter, no doubt. He knows of it, does he ?" " Y'es," replied the solicitor, wilh a sud den flash in his small eyes, " he knows of it." Mr. B ithwell drew from hia pocket tbe letter daud Aberdudno Lodge, and tossed it j across tbe table. " You cm read it, Mr Yant," he said. Mr. Vant reed it more than once, running his wiry fingers through his rusty wig, " He means compromise," he eaid at last, his eyes twinkling; " that's what the mar quis means." "Shall we visit him?" asked the iron master ; " or send for bim to come to Lon don ?" 'I think he has bis wife with him," said Yant. " She is ill, and the doctors sent her these for her health." "In that case," interrupted Mr. Bitbwell, "we will go. I am anxious to settle this matter at once, as 1 start for Borne in a fort night. Shall we go to-morrow?" ' 1 f y ou like, Mr. B ithwell. ' "Very well; to- morrow, at ten o'clock, then be it. Take another glass of port, Mr. \ ant, ana rest aseurea mat ii i ao matse up my mind to take advantage of the good for tune you have put within my reach, you ehall have your reward." The solicitor helped himself to a second glass, and smacked his dry lips as he bowed himself out ; and the ironmaster left his private room and hurried to his wife's apart ment. thinking, as be went : "l'oor Isabel! I mast keep all this strange news a secret from her ; she's too weak io hear it. And our babe was murdered Poor Isabel ! Littie comfort would all these empty honors bring to her i CHAPTER NX. tjie j.'l.ycs dbav.txg- 150(31. A grey, ivy-grown pile of stone and mor tar, on a beetling cliff on the wild Welsh ccast facing the Cardigan Bay, is Aberdudno Lodge, an ant:quated country seat, which 1 came down to the St. Aubyns ages ago from one of their ancestor.". Up and down the long upper terrace, with the chill winds buffeting her small, frail figure, paces our poor little Bess. She is robed from head to foot in a dress of grey stuff that makes her look like a nun, but for the scarlet scarf about her shoulders, and her streaming flossy hair. the shivers at every blast ol the dreary wind, and the sight of the beetling crags be low seemed to tc-riify her as they would a litili child. Bat she utters no word of com plaint ; St. A ah) n has lire ught her there, and St. Aubyn's will is her law. She is just ihe sort of woman to be made a Elave, and her proud, handsome husband has all the characteristics of a tyrant. 11a loves Bees as wc-11 ns a man oi his nature can love any thing ihat belongs io bim ; he is tender of hrr health, in his way, and would grieve to loee her; but I'-iss and his Italian bound ore on the same footing, and are equally obedient. '-Si V i'iju has brought her to Aberdudno Lodge for ber health, and he has told her to w'hlk the stone terrace for euch a length of time, and at ccrtiin houre. Of course she obeys him, though every bone in her body aches from the exsrticn. St. Aubyn has ridden do wn to post-town for letter?, aud bis wile is hoping for his re turn. At last he comes galloping over the shingle at a great rate, and in two minutes he is running up the stone steps. Bess hurries to meet him, her meek eyes shining with womanly tenderness, He stoops and kisses ber, though his cheeks ate flushed, and his whole manner deeply excited. "You've been walking as I told yon, Bess " Yes dear." " Well that's a good girl. I daresay you'll feel much stronger to-morrow. Now, little love, you must go to your own rooms ; I shall have visitors shortly, and be occupied all night, perhaps with important business. Don't venture down at ail until 1 give you permission. 1 11 order your dinner sent up, and come to you myself as soon as I can. There, kies me now. and run away like j a good girl." ; ifihe lifts up her meek, white face, and kiBsee him, and then Bhe makes her way into the dreary old bouse, and up the stone stairs into a grand, cheerless chamber. There she sits in a low chair, before a smouldering fire, and rocking herself to and fro. sobs away tbe cheerless hours. Meanwhile St. Aubyn stands upon the windy terrace, his eyes bent upon the road below. He hs8 just received intelligence that Mr. Botbwell and Treherne Yant are in the neighborhood, and he knows well enough that Aberdudno Lodge is their destination. He watches the river road, his eyes like steel, hie handsome mouth set in a straight, determined lire. For months this horrible thing has been hanging over him like an impending doom, and now the hour has come when he must meet it face to face. Only a few weeks before did the cunning old solicitor tell bim the while story — let bim Bee how irrevocably he was in his power, and at his mercy. Sfit. Aubyn had heard rumors, so bad many of the London aris tocracy. but no one guessed tbe terrible truth, not even the young marquis himself, nil one morning Mr. Yant sought him at his town bouse, and told him the whole thing from beginning to end. St. Aabyn stood like one struck dumb and blind. " For mercy's sake, Vant, don't betray me," he gasped; "don't let any more of this cursed talk get afloat. Help mo to hush it up." The old man laughed derisively. " Help you to hush it up ?" he repeated. " And I've been nearly two years hunting up proof and evidence ? Not I, my lord ! You have had your day, you and your race ; mine has now come. I have not forgotten when I was turned from yonr proud father's door, and all for a trifling misdemeanor, that any . good man would have pardoned. I swore an oath that one day I would have my re venue. That day has come. I hold your fate" in my handsj but I warn you now to ex pect no mercy." St. Aubyn bowed, but an awful terror clutched at his heart. ' You will tell this Mr. Rothwell what you have told me, then, Mr. Yant J" be asked. " I shall, my lord. I should have told him weeks ago, but he is not in England," St. Aubyn said no more. He had laid hie plans to go with bis wife to Aberdudno Lodge, and he went, with the impending doom banging over his head like the sword of Damocles. Amid the wild cliff-; of Cardiganshire St. Anbyn thought tbe whole thing over, and made his resolve. If the worst came to the worse, he Would die sooner than face tbe world, that knew bim as a titied peer, as a nameless beggar— it might be an illegitimate son, He would never do that. No matter what it cost bim, he would cling to hia heritage, or relinquish it only with his life. He was ; not a wicked man or a cruel one then, but he j was thoroughly Eelfish to his heart's core, j Sacrifice for the sake of right or principle was something of which he had no compre hension. He looked bis fate in tbe face, and made up his mind that he must conquer it. How, be could not determine it. But wandering through tbe old stone house that overlooked tbe desolate sea-line, a vague and indefinite idea took shape in his brain. Avery horrible idea it was, and at first he thrust it from hi m with a shudder. But it came again, as such temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow accustomed to its awful significance. By-and-by it haunted him like his own shadow, and at a week's end he sat down and wrote that letter to 3Ir. It othwell, req nesting bim to come to Aberdudno Lodge, and to bring Mr. Yant, the solicitor, with him. The letter went to Lindon, and Mr. Both- well's agent eent it across to France. St. Aubyn waited patiently, half dreading that they would takebim at his word and come to Cardiganshire, and experiencing a curious eene&iion; ol relief as day alter day went by and brought no tidings from them. But they were coming now ; only an hour ago bis valet had seen Yant and a gentleman, a ttrangcr, togethir. Before the sun rcsa again, all would be ever. His cbeeks paled to the hue of ashes, and his handsome irresolute mouth treobled weakly, but his eyes kept their stc- adWwatch upon tbe sandy road below. > Presently a footstep vang upon the flig- Etones. and bis lordship wheeled round with a startled face; but it was only old Sey mour, his raan-srrvant, the most devoted friend he had. "Ah, Seymour!" taid the marquie. 11 What is it "A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, ' ana two gentlemen to see you," replied the -old man. St. Aubyn gave another start and grew ashen white, in spite of bis efforts at self- commacd. The old servant watched him with anxious | eyes. He had been in the St. Aubyn famiJy since his infancy ; and served the old | marquis till hisdeath, and now served his eon with a loving fi k-litv that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Aubyn went old S ;ymour followed : the devoted old Eervant never left his master's eice ; and if it ; had been required of him. he would have died as willingly and cheerfully for bis dear : young master's good ts he lived to serve him. ' My lord," he said, while St. Aubyn Btood for the instant irresolute, " what must I do ? Sind them away ?" Ilia words roused the maiquis. " N i, .Seymour," he replied, wheeling round, with blazing ryes and flushing cheeks ; " conduct them in at once. I wiil meet them now ; and. Seymour, give orders that dinner bs served without delay. Stay one moment, " be added, with a curious ex pression flitting across his face. " I — 1 may start for London before dsylight. Be in readiness to shut up tbe Lodge at a moment's warning. Do you hear."' " Y'es, my lord," and with a sad. perplexed face, the old man went down to the gate to meet tbe visitors. A minute or two later Mr. Bithweliand Treberne Yant were ushered in. and Lord St. Aubyn arcse to receive them. ' You psreeive, my lord," spoke the iron master, when the three were seated, that I am here, in obedience to your letter received some days ago, and your solicitor, Mr. Yant, is with me. As I feel extremely anxious to have this unpleasant business over, and to get back to London at tbe earliest hour possible, I beg that you proceed without delay to let me bear the important matters to which your letter alludes." St. Aubyn's heart gave one convulsive bound, and then stood still. He glanced at Mr. Bothwell, and then at bis solicitor. "He knows," he said, inwardly; "that fellow Yant has told him the whole story. He will have no mercy. Well, I'll have no mercy on him when my time comes." " I am much gratified to see yon, Air. Both- well," he replied, ' and also my solicitor, and no time Bhall be lost in getting our business over. But. of course, you have no thought of leaving here to-night; there are many tedious details, and musty documents to dispose of — eh, Sir. Vant ?" with a good- humored nod at the ruBty lawyer. "A good many, my lord," responded Yant, rubbing bis hands aud smiling all over bis ferret face. Then," pursued the marquis, blandly, " since there is no hope of getting through before midnight, w.e will fortify ourselves with dinner before we begin. There goes tbe bell now ; this way, if you please." He bowed smilingly, and led the way to the dining-room, followed by his guests, a curious likeness Bhowing itself between him j and tbe ironmaster — that family look which j will show itself over and above all dissimi- I laritiee. j '-Poor fellow!" thought Mr. Bithwell, j looking at bis unfortunate kinsman with j commiseration ; "I must try to make amends j to him somehow." | The dinner passed off quite pleasantly, J and St. Aubyn had never eeemed in better spirits. Only watchful old Seymour noticed his air of subdued excitement, and saw that he took little food, but drank wine in copious draughts. When dinner was at last over, and the guests arose, with the same odd Expression flitting across his face, St. Aubyn said : " Order lights in the black drawing-room, Seymour ; we will sit there to-night." Seymour said not a word ; but as he left the room to do bis master's bidding he looked back with a startled face. "This way, gentlemen, " continued the marquie, quietly ; " it isn't pleEsant climbing np to such a height ; bat I keep my cabinet in the turret drawing- room, and it contains some important paperB that I wish to submit to Mr. Yant's inspection." He led tbe way out into a dark and draughty corridor, and up a winding stair way, which pierced tbe centre of tbe main tower of tbe old house, known as the black turret, Mr. Bothwell following with unsus pecting willingness, but tbe solicitor looking about bim with alert, uneasy glances, as if he had fears of being led into a trap. After a lew moments' laborious climbing, they left the winding stone steps, and emerged into a large, rqaare room, brilliantly j lighted and strangely furnished in black and j scarlet. A cheerful fire blazed upon the j black tiled hearth, and before a huge black ! cabinet, a black marble table was drawn up, I and three great chairs upholstered in black and soarlet velvet. j " Now, gentlemen," said the marquis. "1 beg that you will be seated, and when Sey mour has replenished the fire, and brought us some wine, we ehall find ourselves com fortable. This was my father's favorite drawing-room, and his father's before him, Mr. Bithwell," he continued, throwing himself into one of the great chairs wilh graceful negligence, " and daring my annual visits I invariably UBe this apartment for business and private matters. That will do, Seymour ; you may go now." Seymour went out with another startled, questioning glance at bis young master's face. Outside the door he paused, and looked distressingly about him. fhnf riflflftr Jnnk tin lite mean 7 And his coming to sit in that black haunted hole ?" he murmured in an awed voice. Then he stood still, listening to the murmur of voices within. "I must try to save my deer young master." he continues, gri at tears trickiin<: silently down his furrowed cheeks. " Surely there's something wrong a-brewing thin night i I must know whet it is. and do my duty to my master." There was a eide-door at hand, which kd into a small ante-room, communicating through a silken alcove with the turret drawing room in which my lord and his guests were seated. This door the old man softly opened, and gliding into the curtained recess, he crouched down in the dsrk. " Now gentleman," proceede d the marquiB. " here is wine. Have the goodness to help yourselves, will you ?" The wiry little solicitor chuckled and nodded, and helped himself to a glass of port. " Ab, drink it while you may, you treacherous vampire !" thought the marquis. " Your days of ecjiyment are drawing to a close. Y'ou have not spared me, neither will I spare you." ltat he glanced across at the grave and handsome facs of the ironmaster, with a feeling of pity etirricg in his heart. " I would like to spare him, if I could," he thought. ' He is not to blame, and my blood runs in kis veins. I'll try to spare him, but I will never resign my name and hcritag ." The fire shot up into his eye3 again, and ne sci nis usnaBome iseiu cioec ana nara. " Mr. Bithweil," he began, in a slow, steady, determined voice. " 31r. Yant has told you the strange story of the dying nun's confession 2" " Mr. Vant has told me, my lord," replied Mr. Bothwell, quietly. " That you are Justin, TIarquis ol St. Aubyn, and Lird of Nivernois Court, and I am tbe son — whether legitimate or illegiti mate. ie yet to be determined — of Lord Auguste St. Aubyn and Lady St. Aubyn's nursemaid ?" The ironmaster bowed gravely, and Mr. Yant looked on with exultant eyes. '' And you believe all this, Mr. Bothwell?" continued tbe marquis. ' 1 believe it all, my lord ; the proofs axe indisputable." " Then, sir, will ycu have the kindness to tell me what course ycu intend to purruo?" Mr. Bithwell looked up with a sudden flash in hie dark eyes. " I don't think that I am called upon to act in this matter, sir," he replied, signifi cantly ; " you should answer that question. What course do j mt intend to pursue?" Something in his smile and in the tone of his voice seemed to rouEe Mr. Kithwell's contempt. He turned and looked at him with a withering glance. " There is but one course under the circumstance?, my lord, that an honorable man ccu'.d pursue." 'Mr. Bi'hwell, will you oblige me by naming that course " 1 will,'' returned the other, hotly. "If youa'e the m ill take you to be, you will net hesitate a minute abont resigning to me the title and heritage that belongs to me from mybirtb. That's what I should feel sound to do were I in your place, and that's what 1 suppose jou intend to do when you summon me here to confer with yon." St. Aubyn lay hack ia his seat-, and for a brief interval his face gave token of the struggle that was going on withia him. He was not a depraved man, incapable of good and coble deeds. He saw his way clear enough, but he shrauk from the sclf-eacrifice it involved. He rose to hie feet after a moment's silence, bis face slowly whitening, Mr. Vant," he said, fixing bis eyes on the little lawyer, "you might have spared this gentleman and myself ali this trouble. I was willing to pay you well for your silence, but yon chose to let your tongue run. Sir, your revenge was short-lived, and mine is at hand." He wheeled round and strode across to the door. There was a key in the lock ; ha turned it, took it out, and slipped it in his breast pocket. " Now, Mr. Bothwell," he said, confronting his gueBt again, you and I will cime to an understanding." Mr. Rothwell roee to bis feet, and met St. Aubyn's excited face with his quiet, self- possessed gaze. " Why have yoa locked the door, eir ?" he ssked. " Am I to be held a prisoner here while yon dictate your terms to me f" " ires, Mr. Bithwell," returned the marquis coolly. " Tiis I is precisely my intention." The ironmaster's face darkened with anger, and the little lawyer began to quake and shiver in his ruety knce-breeche?. " I am eure we can come to an amicable i understanding, my lord," he ventured to say in a craven, whining way. " I know Mr. Bithwell to be a liberal gentleman, and " — " Silence interrupted St. Aubyn, in a voice that made tbe lawyer start up from his seat. " Who asked you what 3Ir. Bothwell will or will not do ? I'll confer with him mjself, and with you, too, my friend, when your turn comes." "Now, ilr. Bothwell," facing the iron master again, " will you have the goodness to let me know what you desire at my hands ?" "Myrights, sir, "responded the other un hesitatingly. The marquis winced perceptibly, but his answer was prompt and bold. " If by your rights yon mean the title and heritage I now hold, and have held almost since the hour of my birth, let me te II you once tor all, Mr. Botbwell, that I shall not resign them. They are mine by virtue of long possession, and mine they ehall remain. That is my decision." IT he ironmaster looked at him with an ex- j pression of regret in his grave fearless eyes, j " I hoped for better things of you, my ! j lord," he eaid, slowly. " I am eorry to find myself so deceived ana disappointed ; for your dishonest and unprincipled course will necessarily force me to have my own by aid of the law. I had intended to deal gener ously with you, eir ; indeed, if you had offered to give me back my own, which you have so long and wrongfully held, 1 am not sure that I should have taken advantage of your honesty. 1 came here, eir, irresolute whether to claim my rights or not, for I am not an avaricious man, and I have enough Bnd to spare ; but yonr dis honesty has decided me. Since you refuse to resign to me my name and birthright, out of which I have so long been defrauded by your mother's deception, let me tell you that I will have them — name, title, everything," For the space of a minute after this some what protracted speeoh, dead silence reigned, and the two men stood eyeing each other, Mr, Yant looked on, his exultation blazing up again, in Fpite of bis craven fear. St. Aubyn was tbe first to bresk the silence. " Mr. B ithweil," he said, a slight tremor about his handsome mouth, you are right, no doubt, and I would like to be right too — I magnanimous aud unse';fi=h. aud all that eort I cf thing ; but surely yon must see that I i cannot. Thai line cf conduct would leave me a fcspgar, and worse, nameless, perhaps, in the eyes of a world that has worshipped ! me from my youth. I cann- t Eland that, Mr. Bithwell. and I cannot give you what ! you claim. But is there nothing else — no j other conditions? Name yonr price — one- ' half, or even more than one-half, of my poe- j session?. 1 v ill pay you well if you will go back to your iron mines and let this afftir drop." Thfre was in his blue eyes a wistful en treaty that touched Mr. ltithweli's heart, but he answered, wilh prompt decision : " No, eir; I will not be bought off at any price. The world shall know the secret of my birth." "You are fully decided?" asked the mar quis, that white, strange look creeping over J-tva furtic arrnin " Fully decided, sir." " Will you take more time to think it over?" " Not a minute. My mind is made np, and year? would never change it." " Very we)!, Mr. Bitbweli." I Ho wheeled round, and crcestd to the tall, black cabinet. "Now, 3fr. Yant, if yno please, we will examine those pa; crs 1 spoke of," he said. His voice sounded ho?r?.e and unnatural, and there was an awful look on his fp.ee. The lawyer noticed ii, ami a thrill of terror shook him from head to foot ; but he ap proached, as did the ironmaster, the black cabinet before which St. Aubyn stood. The latter put up his hand as if to take ont a roll of papers that occupied a small shelf, but, instead, he pushed hard against some thing which yielded wilh a sharp snap. The next instant he leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, end the lawyer and Mr. Bithwell went drwn with it. For an instant there was a yawning black chasm, a ruth of loathsome air, a stifled, gurgling cry, and then the black trap-door rose slowly up, and was adjusted in its old place by another sharp snap cf its secret machinery; and, wilh a face like tbe face of a dead man, St. Aubyn Btood in the black drawing-rocm — alone ! CHAriER XXI. a ctbaxgk liF.ETIXG. For a minute, perhaps, aiter the disappear- ance of Sir. Bull well ana tne lawyer into the abyss, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyes and ILtciring ear?, and then he made a frantic ru=h at ibe doer. " I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as he grope 1 at the lock ; " that fall must have killed them inetnntly. From the turret down to the old donj n ! it is terrible io think cf. though.' Bus they forced me to it. Why couldn't they let me alone? Curse thie door ! — shp.ll 1 never get it open ? Ah, here's the key in my pocket. I forgot." His hands shook, his very knees bent under him. At last he got the door open, and rushed out headlong, as if a ghost were at his heel?. 'Seymour, Seymour 1" he called, stumbling on towards the great stairway. From a shadowy corner the old man sud denly shot up. ' What is it— what's the matter.my lord ?" he gasped, his faci not less ghastly than his maeter'F. t ' Who Eaid anything was the matter re turned S'. Aubyn, holly. - Stand eff, yon idiot ! Wny do you stare at me so ? ' "Oh, my dear young marter," entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted cyefc raised to the young man's face, ' what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand as if to strike at him in his sudden rage and fear. " Will you cease asking me questions?" he cried. "Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to night— this hour. I've had news from Lindon. I must stait at once. Are you ready to shut up the house, as I or dered ?" The old man bowed, his head, and then added, in his tremulous voice : " My lord, what have you done with our guests 2 ' "Done with them!" echoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and forcing him down to- words the stairs, " I have done nothing with them. They are gone— gone to catch the London train — and I am going too. Be quick ! Have out the horses and ?.hut up i the house, and don't ssk another qutstion, if you value ycur life." i The old man obeys, wringing his hands and moaning as he descends the winding stairs. St. Aubyn darts back to tbe door of the black drawing- room, shuts it and leeks it, putting the key in bis pneket, and then fol lows in old Seymour's steps with a strange feeling ol relief, as i' he had locked l»e dark night's work safe and secure in that j turret room. He croeEes the draughty corridor, and I makes his way straight to his wife's I roomF. She is yet sitting before the smouldering ashes, wrapped in licr scarf, her brown hair 1 cliDging to ber white thin cheeks, the tears not yet dry upon her long ashes. She is fast asleep, poor, weary little Bess, and ioEt in a happy dream. A vivid smile lights her still features, her hands are clasped, end she murmurs indistinctly ; "Ah, R.=dmond, Redmond, ie it yon?" cries BeEs, St. Aubyn drops on his knees beside her chair, and takes the slender figure in his arms, — To be am tinned-) The irvuuutr-u-r lii pun anu sta.ro! at his ' .\h. Pcynsonr !" >;ih! ihc innrijui u \Vh;il is ii ?' A carnage, my lord, at ih«; :-onth pile, and two jjeiuliimcn to ?t_c von,'' replied the old man. Si. AuVvn leaped "tuddonly a -id", and iV fl >or in front i.f l'a--. t tuui : -vn wjtli a dull or.iFh, thy knvvcT ami Mr. A' wont d 'ovn with it. 