. - points- ; Tnis AU Saints Chess Tournament ".ljnot being played in a pawnshop. ' Apsyhat.ta has witnessed a great speotaolo- which will be known in the future as the rise and fall of superabundant cheek. Tub labour loaders aro beginning to find out tbat the much despised oapital, when it gets its back up against tho wall, cun not 'only defend, itself, but can take the offensivo as welU . They might have known if they had thought over tbe matter at all tbat theyopnld never win the battle. It is laid down as an established role that the penny is mightier than tbe sword. Thbuefobb tho party whioh hold ths most pennies are bound to have the ether feIloW3 at sn advantage. Cunious how people's ideas of right and strong change as the years pass by. A vbby prominent labonr leader tovk an omnibub to Paddington, and while on tho box disousroO tbe question of the " pore wuu'ukin man " « ith an apparently non-union labourer. A p. ucekan was also npon iho box, and: dutinji- 'he conversation it came out that thin partio: . v policeman had dune come 16 hoars duty a: a stretch. The labour light was indignant, and did all in bis power to induce the policeman to form tho police of Brisbane into a union wbich wuuld bo affiliated with tho federation. The policemen promised to tb'.ok over tba matter, and he is apparently still engaged over it. Iff T many years ago the iangnage whioh this labour light made ute of in discussing the qtrs- I ion would have secured bim a long rope and & fhoit shift for high treacon. The chairman of tho Sydney mass mes'lug yesterday affirmed that the foot of capiti'.iits driving the lorries ls3t Friday was an evidence of the defeat of the employers. He mnat have a very queer way of reason ing. Pdobadly ho wi'l tell a different tale when he- learns that moro men applied for the position of drivers than there wsb room for. It's astonishing how slow the labour leaders ere to see defeat. Fob tbe last three or fonr weeks it has been staring them in the fnco bat they won't see it The truth in tbis instance is a bitter morsel for tbem to swallow. Hospital Sonth didn't got much from his Sunday collections. The good the rain will do ought, however, to double tho Saturday collections when they are made. Lor. don papers say our ciicketers are not much. V? ho e lid they were ? A Vienna suicide of genius painted b!s initipls and brco oroircn on a barrel of vinegar aud then drowned himself inside. Some of the chap3 who recently burned their boats behind tbem, may yet have to follow that vinegar bavrel example. Wife : "What do you auppooe baby is thinking about?" The Brute: "I 'sp33e he's thinking up something to cry about to night." They are going to fill np tho oraok between Patkc3 and M'MiUan, with cement. Tee Railway Commissioners in New Zealand refuse to rcoognice such a union among railway employees as may he affiliated with other labonr orlops. Vioioeia is in the way of having an ample co?.l aupply. There is no fear that she will run rhort of gr.3. Mica Joanna Baxfb, who is professor of Greek in an Iowa college, fills the chair which her f&'hor occupied nearly 20 years ago. Ode own Henniker is goiog to Japan to study po3tl reform and generally to see things. By an adroit sirobe of ex post facto, that tho Rursell River Goldfields Bill is to cover all past sins under it, if any. A haoisteuivl inquiry concerning those drowning cases; but shail we ever know with wbat result ? The St. James's Gazette makes tbe statement tbat there is a schism in the English Ohuroh so to what one's ghost is, ono side holding that it has an existence of its own and can walk abroad as it likes, the otber party thinking that it Is begotten by tbe relation between the minda of two living persons— that it is, in fast, » "jco-operative hallucination." Mr. Davld Dudley Field, the eminent lawyer, now 86 years of age, is about to don h's black si'k stockings and small olothes, and be presented at the levee of the Prinoe of Wr!-s, after having sturdily declined that honour for many London seasons. But, you see, he now has a daughter ia I ondon, end that makes a difference. Thebb would be fewer titles if there were no lediea. By the English law, heirlooms are exempt from probate duty, so the Doke of Hamilton paid nothing on the treasures of his palaoe whoa he came into possession in 1863. But when he sold them they oeaaed to be: heirlooms, it appears, and the board of inland, revenue has demanded 3 per oent on tho £600,900 realised from the Hamilton Palaca eale. 