f.y:\ 'i....;Silo Data. 'Erom illustrated bulletin 19 of The Wis consin Experiment Station, at Madison, de voted txalusively to silo-building, filling eropa fo* the purpose, etc., we extract the following notes, indicating that there is still room for much farther investigation, notwithstanding the great amount of attention devoted to the eubjeot during the last few years : '/ The high temperature developed in the Bilo under present management means a breaking down and waste of food elements whioh Bhould not be thu3 destroyed until within the animal body, where they could be utilised. How to prevent any more heating than is essential to make ensilage, if, indeed, any whatever is necessary, is a problem we have hardly attempted to solve, but whioh is certainly pf great importance if further pro gress is to be made. The heat generated by the fermentation is ! an indication of the losses occurring! We can not expect to take out of the silo a greater or even the same amount of nutritive matter as is placed in it, bat by observing all possible precautions this loss can be reduced to its lowest point, "Sweet ensilage is produced neither by wilting the corn nor by allowing a day's fill ing to heat np to a certain temnerature before more is added, but to the fodder corn having j reached what nlay be called a natural etate, and being less watery. j "There is danger of relying too much on earn ensilage for maintaining the herd. If | this practice is kept up we believe that serions results may ensue, for there is no single food in existence whioh is entirely satisfactory for any long period o! feeding. "The silo goes with high-pressure farm ing; thoBe who are satisfied to oarry no more oattle than can consume the straw and cornstalks usually produced on the farm, have little need of a change. The farmer who needs the silo is one who is carrying a Urge number of oattle upon a given area i and needs more < roughage* lot them. Before adopting the silo many should change their flyatem of farming." It is a well known fact that the different domestic animals of the farm all pull and eat their grass in different ways. This is partly due to Beveral oauses, euoh as the pre dileation of eaoh kind for particular grasses, and aversion to others, and also the arrange- j ' ment of the inoisor teeth in the mouth, as well as the size of the muzzle itBelf. The sheep is one of the closest feeders we have; Sa fact, with the exception of the rabbit and j the kangaroo, it will eat a pasture barer than j any other animal. This iB, of course, due to the small size of the mouth, together with the predilection for finer grasses. Next to the sheep comes the horse in this respect, for, although his mouth is large, yet the faot that he has teeth above and below enables : bim to bite close. It is very noticeable in a pasture where horses are alone, that they eat over the land very unequally. Some o! the "sweeter" spots are nibblsd into the very roots, while other spots are not touched, but left cough. Cattle, on the other hand, have cot oply a large muzzle, but also the absence of upper teeth, so that, of necessity, they , cannot bite fine or close, and, therefore, we find with them that their grass is tougher and less bare in parts than with the others. ; A. person pretending to have seep a ghost, wau aBked what the apparition said'to: him. "How Bhould I know?" he replied; "lam not skilled in £be dead languages/' . 