Stole* and f hctclics. {HOW IJEST PUBLISHED.] THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE THE HEIR* APPARENT. BY MRS. OLTPHANT, Author of 'The Sod of his Father,' ' Sir Tom,' 'The Chronicles of Carlingford,' 'Neighbours on the Green,' 'Oliver's Bade?* &C.;&C.;, [all bights reserved.] Chapter V. It was in the beginning of the shooting season, when, .birds were etui plentiful and tbe best of the .sportsmen visitors were come or coming, :W*at Letitia was, one evening startled by hearing of the arrival of a gentleman, who w*a., one more than the number expected. SacE.a tiling had been known before ; for John e inCTfaitannH were sometimes a little vague, and ie. ^occasionally made a mistake : but it ..was ,]iacficalarly annoying on this occasion, because Mrs. Parke bad not been at home .for tea, and, therefore, was not at hand to place the unexpected guest ?* Ttjf* only tJ|?^g I could do. ma'am, in the circumstances,' said the butler, *' was to refer to Miss HOI, and she said the gentleman must have .her room ; so I pat him in Miss Hill's room.' :V You were quite eight, Sannders, since Miss Bin was so kind ; and I daresay it will be aU right. But you have not told me who the centleman was.'* The Iratjer made a little pause — a respect able family servant never forgets that every family Juts its secrets. He coughed discreetly behind hfo found. ' I did not ask the centle nian's name, fna'am — Misw Hill 'seemed to know him very well.' ' Miss Hill — knew him very well !' .AwtrtnjatiTP^Tftand n-f^pi-t-jiin/^rmflfaiypa.f-fanreLTni» into Letatiii'e face. But she recollected her self, perceiving Saunders's look of extreme discretion, which is always an elannine thing. 'I haye.no 4onht it is all right,' she said, with great self -possession, 'and you have done exactly what you ought to have done in referring .to Miss H31 — send up someone to my room with #, cup of good tea. One never gets tea one can drink out of one's own house. ' Mrs. Parke repeated to herself, ' Someone Sfary jknows,' under her breath. She was momentarily disturbed. Could it be a piece of presumption on Mary's part bringing in someone she knew? But this was so incredible that Mtia dismissed the idea, laying it all upon.the broad shoulders of John. ' He mus); have made. a. mistake again,' she said to^erself. She was late, everyone had gone ,io. dress for dinner, and the mistress of the house only lingered fora moment in the drawing-room to see that all was in order, to give a little pull to the curtains, and a little push, to the chairs, such as the mistress of the noose always find* necessary when she is expecting' jniests, breaking the wr of mevjtapYe primness which the best of servants are apt to have. She looked round to sec that all was right, and Bien she went upstairs to her room to dress. , Mary was standing on the Bta|rs at the end of the corridor which led to the. nursery, evidenChr waiting for her. ' ' Oh, can I speafc a. word, Leoiia? she said. 'I don't see how you can,' said Mrs. Parke,. 'for I am late, and you know the ^*ithpripgh'T'R are coming. I cannot keep fJipip vaiung. Suit come inin my room, if yon like, whije I dress.' Mary was not coming to dinner on that evening: so that she had no need to dress. Sbe looked pale and anxious standing in the doorway at the end of the nursery passage in her old. grey gown. 'Bat I mast speak to yon alone — not before your maid,' sbe said. ' ' Some naughtiness, I suppose,'' said Letitia with a little sigh of despairing impatience, ' Really, you are too particular. But it must wait till to-morrow, my dear— I have only time to slip on my dress.' *' But oh, Letitia ? ' 'For goodness sake don't ttother me to death when you know the WitheringJiams are coining,' Mrs. Parke said. And she went into her room, leaving her friend standing outside. Letitia did not close the door, but felt it possible for Mary to follow her. if the communication was so very argent- Bat this Miss BUI did not do. She hesitated a moment, wrung her hands, and then disap peared like a ghost within the narrow portals of £he nursery passage. Had Letitia only known the words that were on her lips, had Mary been less frightened, less terrified at the sound of her own voice. But it could unt liave made much difference after all— the shock wonlil have been perhaps less great— l-ut to do away with it altogether was uot in any Lctitia (Ircsswl in *n'cat haste- She lia«l only time to swallow tfie cup of tea which she liatl ordered -to pat ou her velvet with the itoint lace aiul diauioutls — a I'it'i: iv, but nothing iiuicli to &|te.ik of, wliieli Frogiiiorc had sent her ou ihe birth of the heir -and t» pull nn one of her glows, wheu a souud of carri&fc; wheels in the avenue made her hurry downstairs to be in her place before the Withermghams arrived. The Withcringhams had never dined at fireenpark before. They were very fine people indeed, the oldest family in riie county, though he was only a Baron, so rich that thev did not know- what to do with their money. They lived a great deal altroad, and it so happened that Letitia had never before been able to offer her hospitality to these distinguished perwns who were so Little in need of a dinner. For the first. time it had 'suited' to-night, and to have' been a moment late, or to have anything out of order, would have been a sin which Letitia, Woch a model of social propriety as si was, would not have forgiven herself. Happily, she was not only in the drawing room herself, but two or three of the elite of her guests had come down in good time and stood about like black statues in that irreproachable tenvk which specially dis tinguishes Englishmen. It was a moment indescribable when Letitia placed Lady With eringham in the easiest chair, and sitting down near her, with the warmest cordiality mingled with respect made the discovery that this great lady's diamonds were really after all not as good, as her own. She did not betray the consciousness, bat it gave her a secret exhilaration. She felt that she approached her guests upon nearer terms. 'It is a pleasare we have wished for so long, dear faJy Witheringham,' she said, 'We are a great deal away,' said the old lady, ** Witheringiiam can't stand the winter in England— and to tell the truth when we are at home we are not fond of new people neither he or I.' ?*I hope,' said Letitia, 'that we can scarcely be considered new people now. After nearly seven years — ' She saw her mistake immediately, but Lady Witheriniiham only smiled. ' My husband,1' she said, with a slight emphasis, ' knew the first Lord Frogmore. He got his title for something or other — services to the govern - ment.' Here the old lady laughed, as if there could be nothing more ridiculous than Etcguiringa peerage in this way. ' But I have heard,' she said, after a pause, 'that your own family was quite respectable. ' Letitia was not proud of her family, and Uked to bring it forward as little as possible, but a wytriHil sentiment still existed in her bosom, which was touched by this remark. 'Oh, indeed, I hope so,' she cried, with a slight movement of irritation, which she was not able to conceaL ' I mean, of course, in point of antiquity,'* said Lady Witheringiiam, ' in others respects we are all in the Ttainia of Providence. Nothing, you know, ran secure morals, or those eort of things — and less in an old family than in others, I sometimes think — Dear me,' she added, raising a doable eyeglass, and looking at the other end of the room with curiosity, '.what have we here?' Letitia looked up, following Lady Witber inghamfe glance. I may truly say that if Mrs. Parke were to live for a hundred years ehe would never forget the spectacle that now presented itself to her eyes. The drawing room at Greenpark was a long room, opening from an ante-room with large folding doors. In the middle of this ample opening stood a figure in a velvet coat, the worse for wear, with a huge beard, long hair and a. general air of savagery. He was a little scared apparently by the sight of so many people, and by the looks directed towards him, and stood with a certain hesitation, looking with a half-bold half-alarmed air at the circle of ladies near the fire. Letitia sprang to her feet, and caught John by the arm. ** Go and see who it is? go and send him away,' she said : but even as she spoke her voice went oat in a kind of hollow whisper. Oh, heaven and earth ! that this should happen to-night Everybody was looking towards the same point, and John, much surprised, but not daunted, was walking towards this strange intruder, when he seemed to catch sight of Letitia standing thunderstruck by her own heartu. If she had kept her seat and thus kept partially oat of Bight, things might not have turned out so badly ; but everything went against her to-night. The stranger saw her and came forward with a larch and a shout ' Hallo, Tisch !' hecried. His voice was like a clap of thunder, and shook the pictures on the walls. His big step made the whole house thrill and creak. He caught her iu bis arms in the middle of all tbe astonished ladies and gentlemen, and gave her a resound ing ?tt'«*'lf that might have been heard half a mue ofL 'How are vou?' he said, ' my lass. I'm as glad to see ye as if ye were the winner in a tip-top race. I liegan to think I'd been wrong directed and this wasn't my sister's house after all. ' The thoughts that passed through Letitia's mind in the moment of tbat embrace were too many and too swift to l*e put ou paper. She tore herself out of the hnge arms winch held her np like an infant, jumping on the floor in a momentary paroxvsm of passion, in which if she coolil she would have killed the inopportune visitor. But evea while she did so a whole discussion, argument and counter argument, fla&licd; through her mind. She would have liked to have killed him : bat he was here, and the butler was at the door announcing that dinner was served,. and Lady Witheruiehani was certainly surveying this big brute^ this horrible savage — as Letititia called him in her hearts through those double eyeglasses- It was necessary that the mistress of the house should quench every atiutiuiciit and keep ujj appearances. .She said, ' Ralph !'' with a little shriek in which goodness !' saiil Ln'titia. ?? I tlmupht yon were ui Africa. How eniild you irivo ins such a blurt without a wonl of wanting. ?Tolm. ir's Ralph— -.' SIil' ikihsi-,1 ii niuniflll, nn.l the liw looks Hku a lion out of ihe woods himself,' slu-criol, with niu -!?»??- little shriek- -this lime of laughter. Tuercwas a wilrfnc- siii it which half betrayed her, l-ut she recovered licrabK with a little stamp of her feet. ' Jobn, 'she saui 'dinner is waiting— -lon't let us keep everytbiug back for this little family scene.' She seized her brother by the band while her guests filed off decorously, almost wounding him with the sharp pressure of her linger nails. ** Don't conic to dinner,' sbe whis pered : ' Mary Hills in the hniwe.' Ralph gave another great Uuph. 'As if I didn't tnow tbat,' he said ; ' but I m ootninj; to dinner. I wm to tee you iu all yonr gran dear, Tisch. She had to take old Lord Withoringham's arm while the brute was talking, and to smile into the old gentleman's face to sweep past the stranger, leaving him to follow or not as be pleased. Her heart was beating wildly with fury and dismay. *m Don't you thinly Lord W itheringham, it is a bad thinp when young men go off into the desert — after bii* game — and grow into savages V she said. Sbe laughed to blow off some of the excite ment, but there was a glare which nobody could have believed possible in ucr dull eyes. 'That depends very much,' said Lord Witheringham, oracularly. He would not commit himself. ' Sometimes it is tbe best thing a yoang man can do — sometimes it is not so fortunate.' Letitia, who expected her shoulder auout this big game, and who knew very well that her brother Ralph had not gone awny for hunting, as the men did among whom she passed her life, but for very different reasons and to very different regions, was very glad to hurry along at the end of the procession listening to what went on behind, hoping against hope that Ralph might do wbat she suggested, that he might go in search of Mary, and not appear at all among people who so plainly did not want him. She thought for some time with a great relief that this was what bad happened. But when she had taken her place in the dining room between Lord Witheringbam one one side and young Lord George Hitherways on the other, that place to which she had looked forward to with so much pride and pleasure, she saw by the little commotion among the detached men who came in last, the men who had no ladies to take care of, that there was no each relief for her. Ralph was in the midst of them conspicuous in his velvet coat. He pushed them about a little so as to get nearer to his sister. '* I beg your pardon if fm taking your place but I have not seen my Bister for ten years,' she heard him saying in his big voice ; and when all the guests were settled as near as possible in their right places, lo, there be was planted next to Mrs. Kington within three of herself. Letitia grew pale when she saw that her brother was so near — then tiianked her stars that at least, eince it most be, he was within reach where she herself could do what was possible to subdue him. Oh, that Mary had bat been there ! Oh, that Alary had but said that word of warning which she had been bo anxious to give. Why did not the fool speak ? What did it matter whether the maid was present or not? Three words only were needed — 'Ralph is here,' and then she would have known what to do. Letitia had looked forward to that dinner as her greatest triumph. She meant to have been so brilliant and entertaining that Lord Witheringham, who Uked to have amusing young women to *?*\1: to him, might -have been filled with admiration : but how can you be witty and brilliant when yon are straining yours ears to hear what somebody else is saying ? The conversation flagged in spite of all she could do. Lord Witheringham devoted himself to !iis dinner with a look of supreme gravity. She herself sat, violently loathing her food, but swallowing it in sheer desperation, feeling every idea that had been in her head desert her. In fact poor Letitia she did not know. Meanwhile Mrs. Kington was amusing her self very much, and voune Lord Georee did nothing bat laugh and listen to the back iroodsman. 'Tell me about the big game,' the lady had said in a little mellifluous voice. ' I shoot myself, and my husband has made the most famous bags. He was in Africa too. Pray tell me about the big game. Did yon go in for lions or elephants or what was it? It is so interesting to meet with a man fresh from the desert.' ' You are very kind to say so, my lady,' said Ralph, 'but its all nonsense about big game. That's only Tisch's fan. She knows very well I had something qnite different in my mind. IVe had a shot at a kangaroo or a dog, and I'm sorry to say IVe hit a black fellow more than once by mistake. Perhaps that's what she calls big game. Well, it is if you come to that, and denced serious game, too. You may shoot as many tigers as you b'ke, and get a rewurd for it, as IVe heard : but if yon shoot a black fellow, he's no use even for his skin ; and if its known vou get tbe Government upon your shoulders just the same ?s if he was a Christian.' 'That is hard,' said Mrs. Kington, in her pretty voice. ' I suppose you mean negroes, Mr. ? -' ^lie stopped and looked at Letitia with that delightful impertinence of the higher orders which is one of the finest flowers of civilisation. 'Do you know,' she whis pered to Lord George, yet not bo low but that L&litia; could hear, '-John Parke trarried so was her name.' ' My name is Ravels tone, and I don't care who knows it,' said Ralph. *« We arc not verv particular about names in the bush. fellow at the &u.nie; stiiiou and never know more than some oicknainc that's been given him. They uscl to call me ? .' Ralph.' s^id 'Li Via', urrvtM^thc rcvelatilm*! 'lk-iir I-a.ly WitliiriiKlwin won just *ayin.' so. iMyoubou-nliat sin- Kiid ? 'iWruu knew tlu- ftVrf l-inl 1'mj.niior.-, Lrnd \\\ itliei iughani. \V.- won't to Join, bear, but 1 know wen- nnlMKly lo'spuak «if : but I am happv to say Lady XViiliPi-iuuLani wasiiuiivavuuaintftl with my family. We have never had a title. Wbat is the good of a mushroom title, tbat 'I entirely agree with you, Mrs. Parke,' Lord Withcringfiam said. ' What is the use,' crictl Letitia,' of puttin stance Iwfore : and what is the use of with titles? For my part I think there's nothing like real antiquity — a family that, has lived in the same place and owned tuc same ground from the Iwpinning of time.'* *' Mrs. Parke, I admire every word you say. Such ju^t feeling is very uncommon,7 Lord Witheringbam said. ** Lord. Tiscli, bow you do run on ! How father would have stared if he had heard yon. A title for us T— oh, by Jove ?' cried Ralph. His roar shook the table. Oh, if some one would kiH him ? poison him — put titm out of Letitia's sight ! 