ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4,1890. THE REPRESENTATION OF THE LEICHHARDT. Upon perasiTig the report ef the meeting between tlie member for- the Leichhardt, Mr. Vf. S. Paul, ano! Iiis constitutents at Duaringa on SattBrday evening, our renderer will be somewhat charmed at wint may be called the domestic character of the proceedings; I Compared with spirit stirring and ¡exciting meetings of which we rend I occasionally, it va» a tame affair.. Indeed, it was delightfully simple and amusingly enteitsntwisr. There was a good deal of talk, a> little trotting out of ! Hobbies, and votes eftlhanks with cheers la* the conclusion. Nevertheless, th? important topics t£ the hour-the Haming questions as far as there are any in flame at present-were discussed without heat, with admirable good temper, and in a way that cannot fail to be profitable.-. Such calm, moderate, intelligent interchange of opinion as took píaos between the hon. member and his electors will promote mutual esteem and confi- dence. Though a coarparatively local matter, the proposed compulsory insur- ance scheme is one- of immediate intenest to residents along the line in the Leichhardt District and in taking it up first the speaker cHose a theme on which lie was certaini to have the attention of his audience. Though he expressed his. disapprobation of the compulsory character, und showed how ,it would operate inñnically to the , interests of railway sei vants in certain leases,, he did not utterly condemn it. j We fsave no doubt the non. gentleman ! luis lind sufficient experience to be con- scious that perfectness in any scheme of the kind, either in conniption or opera- tion, is not to be expected. He has i faith in the Comniissianers and their 'good, intentions, and in claiming for ¡them tho respect of uüe railway ser ! vanity lie is doing a proper and com ' mendbble thing. Tliesa gentlemen, it is 1 well to remind the electors, have been ''appointed to get rid' of the malign operations of political influence. They are ' thoroughly independent) ; they are men of considerable and varied experience ; ; tliey are working to pnouiote the greatest good of the greatest number, and ought not to be rudely and'unhesitatingly con- demned. While reflecting on the coin ipulsury element, nod: some features of I the proposed sclwme, Mr. Paul, we ! gather, is not hostile to some system by which men may be assisted and enabled! ¡ to make provision» fur the later years oft . their lives. The plausible way in which : the hon gentleman, did a little trumpet blowing on Iii. own account vus amusing ; at tba- same time it may lie regarded as exsusabte, for the bulk of the electors wfuld' not be aware haw much he had dbm* for them unies» he told them. lb is. in attending to little matters connected with the development of the productive industries of a district that a member is practically useful, and while xrwrxiionAng these Mr. Pasta had reason to bc- pleased with what be had done in thia way. His plain andi itnmis takablc uttetuiuces on the coloured! labour questionmet with lesshostility tbiminight have been, expected. The sort, of furore against it which prevailed a few years ago has abated. Painful experience is demonsto&ting; that the wiahdrawnl of coloured! labour is giving a severe blow to the sugar-producing industry, and a back-set to> those portions ef the Colony in wliicli it had l>een established. Mr. Paul, after having visited many nor- thern plantations, and witnessed the injurious results of the removal of Kjuiokns, is of opinion then- continued employment ought to be permitted. He points out, as the result of his observations, what has often been done by others, that the employment of Kanakas gives occupation to large nun* bera of white men, and maintains an industry of much present and pros- pective importance to the Colony. He is hot ready, like the Professor of Agri- culture, to declare that the sugar in- dustry may be camed on without black labour. His colonial experience has lieen such as to lead him to be dubious on the matter. Success has attended the employment of Polynesians, and so he would have them allowed to come and go for a time. Without entering into details as to the way in which it is to be carried out, Mr. Paul spoke in favour of Federation. He sees the immense benefits to the colonies which would flow from it, and ono of these, judging from tlie illustration he used, would bc intercolonial free trade. His remarks, however, were rather indefinite, and so they were with regard to taxation. He would impose income and property taxes. These, like Federation, are pleasant to discuss on principle and theory, but it is in bringing thom into practice where difficulties occur. How- ever, it may be satisfactory to the electors of the Leichhardt to know that they have a member, who is prepared to give schemes of Federation and direct taxation his support, when thc opportunity of doing so effectively presents itself. The remarks of the hon. gentleman on the necessity for the existence of better relationships between capital and labour were wei! timed, and wry much to the -point. Our working-men have been, too ready in recent times to gi v» open ear to the yarns of peripatetic philosopher», who had little experience with which to sáp^ port their theories. Mr. Paul has long been an employer of labour, «ad that he comprehends »nd. sympathise» with the struggles of the working-classes appears from the kindly relations he ha» always maintained towards them. Hs* little homily on the reciprocal duties of em- ployers and employed was couched in a conciliatory form, that will make it as appreciable as it will be useful. In the interrogatory seance, which followed the delivery of the address, it came oat, what a nice sort of squeezable politician is the member for the Leichhardt. He was asked what his news were upon Separation, and he said,, quite readily, he did not see any necessity for it in the Central Division. After some little further conversation, feowerer, with equal frankness he said Rib individual opinion shoold not be opposed to those of the electors, and that ir" tihe majority of his constituents were ¡tv favour of Separation be would support it. On this question, therefore, we may picture him riding on a rail, but ready to' throw over his leg on whatever side Ais electors wish. In this graceful attitude w» nay leave the hon. gentleman, and! whü¥e»n-1 1 gratulating the electors of the Eeichhaadt on having a member who will db just as they please, wc* must say we would rather see them represented by one'who j had convictions, and the courage ot his ' convictions. The Society for Psychical Research, a learned body whose branches now extend in many directions over America and Europe, has just issued its usual half-yearly report, showing the new discoveries that have been made in the shadowy realm of the mysterious and the incomprehensible. The objects of the society are to reduce ghosts and spectres to a science ; it undertakes to analyse the afreet, and to reduce the banshee to its component parts, and to dissect the shadow that wanders in the rained halls of its forefathers, and to boil down the unquiet spirit, and to throw new light on the goblin, the spook, and other impalpable influences from the unseen world. And in one respect, at least, the society has achieved a success, for the howl of ridicule which greeted its invigoration some years ago has died away ; and a multitude of scientific men have en rolled themselves in its ranks, and are gravely considering those phenomena which were formerly set down to ignorance and supersti tion and suppers of underdone pork ; and it has been resolved, on what appears to be reasonably good authority, that the re appearance of the dead may not of necessity be caused by one part hysterics and one part boiled pigs feet. But this interesting subject seems invariably to run aground at a certain stage of its progress, and to get no farther. The society has become too learned, and too unspeakably incomprehensible. For instance in the course of its latest report it advances an argument weighing at least half a ton, and clothed in a massive panoply of polysyllables. By way of supporting this ponderous assertion, which is brought along by a steam crane at the rear of the procession. "Spectal appearances represent, not concious or central currents of intelligence, but mere automatic projections from consciousness which have their centres everywhere." This explanation appears to make things as clear as if the subject had been deposited in a cask of tar and hidden at the bottom of a coal pit. But by way of throwing further light on the question the society lays another interest ing statement before the public in terms that appeal to the humblest understanding : A ghost is a manifestation of persistent personal energy--a residue of the force or energy which the man generated while he was alive. It is merely an uncon scious gravitation of a disembodied entity. The society keeps on explaining-with the same vigour and energy which characterise these two extracts - all through a large volume bound in green covers, but the result remains much the same. Apparently an apparition is a thing which requires such a flow of technical knowledge as to place it practically beyond the reach of the poorer and less educated classes, and despite all the investigations of the Society for Psychical Research the era when any man can have a reliable spectre laid on in his house with as much facility as if it were gas, seems as far re moved as ever; The great questions regarding which the world is really anxious to be en- lightened are all left untouched. Why a disembodied spirit comes back at all, where it comes from and how it is getting along in a general sort of way, are three points on which this learned association has no in- formation to offer. But after long and patient research it has decided that occasion ally, under certain undefined circumstances, the shadowy form of a deceased individual is liable to appear to someone who takes not the least interest in its movements, and point wildly at nothing, and then fade away without offering any coherent observation whatever. The ostensible purpose of the society is to grasp the retreating tail end of this fleeting picture painted by the dead on the empty atmos phere, and retain it for future investigation, but so far it has failed to arrest the flight of even one sample from the spirit land. But once, and only once, it secured a hazy photo graph of something clad in white that was hanging round in a damp graveyard, where the names of the dead are misspelt on an array of broken tombs, and judging from the attitude of the apparition it was presumed by many unbelievers that it had returned to curse the author of the poetry that was in- scribed above its dust. 