tor j Column, A Bad Night's Work. (Complete in this Issue.) Robin explored ths garden and the avenue ' with all the Btealth of an Indian on the war- \- path, listening intently and looking well about him : and when hie eves had become aooustomed to tho obscurity ho oould distinguish objeota at some diatatce. Bnt no living ones woro to he seen, and very little was to bo heard, all the farm servants being down at tho factory or watching tho firo from some coign of vantage. Bo Robin ventured further, keeping always . , in tho shadow of tho trees, until ho reached the . . highroad, a point from which ho oould com mand a full viow of the burning factory. Tho oil-saturated floors and timbers ivuro all aglow, flames woro curling out of tho windows and lapping ovor tho roof. Dio minor baildiogs, and, as it seemed, tho apprentioo-bouso, were also blazing. Faotory Hollow looked like a veritable fiery furnuco or tho orator of an activo volcano. By putting his oar to tho ground Bobiu was able to hear tho hoarse shoots of the rioters and tho scronms und ories of tho spectators. After a whilo the diu appeared to como nearor, and ho thought ho oould distinguish the tramping of many feet. "They are coming ; I must go," ho said to himself, and rose from the ground. At tho same moment there appeared before him, aB if it had also risen from the ground, a strange wild figure, hulloes, ooatless, with blackened face, and carrying a half extin guished, yet still glowing torch. " Nelson !" exolaimed the creature. " Blinooe ! I am vory sorry — you are not Burely one of the rioters." . . " Well, it was me as firod the old warehouse, where Old Bob had me looked up, and tho 'prentiee-houso, if that in what you moan." "But do you know, Blinooe, that if this 1b proved against you they'll hang you !" V Never mind, I've lived a dog's lifo ; what matters it if I die a dog's death ? And after we've thrown Old Bob into bis blazing f notary , they may bang me twice over if they like. But neither of ua has time to loso. I'm glad I fonnd you. Bun to Oaken Cleugh as hard aB yon can, and got everybody ont o' the house as yon caro for. They'll be safe at Dene Hall. There's a lot gain' across tho fields already to set the haystaoks afiro, and if Old Bob isn't found or 'livered up the house will ho set afiro too, and they'll kill Ben instead of his brother. But I've nowt against Ben, bo save him if you can. Bun now !" Bobin required no second bidding. With- ont asking another quostion he went off at seoro, and did not stop until he brought up at tho front door. Miriam, who was on the watoh, opened it. "Thank heaven, you are safe!" she whispered. j' What a time you have been! We feared something had happened, and wore very anxious. Have you heard anything ?' ' ' Ten ; come upBtairs and you will hear, when I tell my — Colonel Dene. But first let " ub holt the door and put on the chain." " So they are going to fire the haystacks !" said the colonel, whenRobin had made his re port and answered a few questions. " All the better for ub ; we shall bo able to see them ; atid as tho wind is south, none of the sparks will come over this way. These people are more desperate than I oxpeoted, probably ho- oauso they feel as if they were fighting with ropes ronod their neoks Six double- barrelled guus and a musket ; that will make 13 shots for the first volley. Iiiston, men ! When I givo tho word to fire — and I fear it will como to that — take careful aim and fire low. Then reload as quiokly as you can. and prepare for a second volley — if a sooond should bo necossary. Are . the hatchets and pikes ready, Harker, in oaso we have to repol an assault ?" " Yes, colonel, and so is my bayonet." "That's right. And now we oan only wait \- the issne of events, and pray that even at tho last moment the shedding of blood may ho averted." ' After this there followed a rather long spoil of silence, all listening the whilo with strained attention.- Harker, who was looking out of a window, was the first to speak. " They are coming, " ho said. " I can ses something move in the avenue like a great ; black wave. There! Don't you hear" thoir voiocs?" , >' 1 And soe, they have fired the thatoh of tho \- big. haystack," cried Miriam, who was standing behind Bobin son. " Yes, a few minutes will dcoido whether it . > has to be peace or war," said the colonel. " Had you not better rejoin your :facher, Miss Buberry ?" Miriam would have preferrod to stay until the issue was" deoided, but duty bade her go; and after a whispered " May God bless you und guard you from harm," in Bobiu's ear, she went. ' .Meanwhile Harker's great black wave was , surging up tho avenue. In a few minutes it had overflowed into tho gardon, and by the ' 'murky light of the burning rick, tho little garriEon of Oaken Cleugh saw below them a mass of upturned faces, gaunt and ghost- like, glaring fiercely at the house. For a whilo the rioters hesitated, as if they did not quite know what to make of the com plete stillness and darkness of the house. Then after a whispered consultation, ' several ' ' of the men made towards the front door. - " Halt 1 Another step and wo fira," Bhonted tho colonel. " , His own regiment oould not have obeyed the 1 order more- promptly. " What do you want ? " " We want Bobert Buberry," said one of tho men, whom, from his voice, Bobin judged to be Simon Peter. " We want Bobort Buberry. Glvn'him up, and wo will go away quietly." "Wo cannot. He is not here." ' " Where iB he then ? " "I don't know." ' : "Will you let usoome in aud see for our selves?" "No!" "We shall have to come in in spite of you then. We've got a baulk here aB '11 orack that dcor down in about 10 minutes. You'd batter oonsider now afore it's too late. Bet us in 'thout any bother and we'll not hurt a hair of yonr yeds. But if yonforoe ub to break- in, you'll have to take the consequenoes. You shall have fivo minutes to oonsider; net a second moor. Have you that baulk ready, ..lads?" " Ay, have we." " Bring it forrud, thon." Tho rioters bponod their ranks, and half a score men came to the front carrying a heavy log of timber, which had been fashioned inte a " rude battering ram. , ' Clap it down till tho time's up," said . . Simon Peter, " and thon pitoh in." Uolonel Dene stepped up to the middle window, and drew, asido the temporary breast- \- i work so tha$ ho might be seen by all. , ; i '! " Beforo we join battle, my friends, beoause -o. if yon persist in your determination it will bo a : - bottle, I would like to have a few words with, fiic you," said ho in a loud, olear voice., ' I dare say _ there are some among you who know. luiimo. ' . i: Ay, wo do that, Colonel Dene. You're not " ' : 5 maystor, and yo're olus goad to poor li- lYPihL 1 .".'r -v- . , -o ''.Well, I hayo tried to be. and I want to bo i-igood.tq you noy?,if you will let mo. Take my i. advice and hie you homo. Ton have dono : enough mischief for one night. ..I know that . . things we bad. with. you, and IshaUonly botoo , . : glad to help you to tho utmost of my power. I ,r: ..;£now, too, that-hungry men, with starring mf jOhildren at homo, are not likely to he in a mood p. -tp listen to reason. But destroying property -oannot help you in tho least, to say nothing of i the risk you run of being transported or jYi-Jhangod. Don't make had work worso by . committing murder, or foroing me to shoot ..some of you. For I am hare to defend this ' house and its inmates, and I shall do my duty ; though I would rather faoe a hundred French soldiers eingle- handed than he compelled to firo on my own oountrymon. You boo this gun; it is double-barrelled ; there aro six mon by my side all with their fingers on tho trigger, ' and Iassnroyou, on tho honour of an old soldier, that if you como a step noaror, or try to ' nso that battering ram, wo shall shoot. Now, for Qod's sake, hie you homo before it is too late. Troops have boon sent for and may b > hero any mmuto." This appeal wonld probably have been suc cessful, for the spoeoh made a deoided impres-' sion, and the rioters wore evidently wavering; when a nameless somebody in the orowd (as was afterwards said with no evil intent) fired a random shot at the honse. That random Bhot was Colonel Deno'a death warrant. "I am hit, Harker," ho said, patting his hand to his side and staggering against the wall, "Firo!" shouted Harker, savagely, and the word was hwdly spoken when the nine barrels, which Beemed to go oil of themselves, wore fired into the thiok of the throng. The bffeot was magical. "With a yoll of terror and 'surprise the rioters gave back, then made off us wildly as if thoy had been a routed army pursued by a relentless foe— even falling ovor each other in thoir eagerness to escape — and when the sonnd of hoofs was heard in tho avenno the panio increased tenfold. "Th hoss soldiers is ooming," was tho cry, and every man ran as if for his life ; somo ono way, somo another, over hodgo und ditch, through buBh and brake. A few minutes after they had como they wore gone. But in those few minutes terrible ovil had been wrought. Several of tho riotors wero stretched bleeding ou tho lawn, and on a bed upstairs lay Colonel Dono, palo and almost unconscious. By his side wore Miriam and Bobin, she wiping the dew of death from his brows, he holding his father's hand ; the others locking silently and sadly on. " Go for a doctor, some of you !" Raid B'.bin. "You, Harker! Gib will aaddlo a horse for you. Saddle two horses : let him fetch ono doctor, you another. The wounded rioters will want attention. Let tho keepers bring them into tho house. Go ! I will Btay with tho colonel." ." Bobin ! my eon," murmured tho striokon man. "Yes, my father." " Water 1 " " Give him brandy and wator, Mr. Nelson ; plenty of brandy," said the old soldier. " Hoop up Mb strength till I get a doctor here, whioh please God shall not be more than half an honr." The stimulant was given and Colonel Done revived a little. " You two !' he said in an almost inaudible voice, "I fear I am dying, my children." " No, no, no, my father cried Bobin. " You are badly wounded, but not that. God would not be so cruel." "I — I am bleeding internally. ... It is death. . . . My dear boy, who was so long lost — Sophie's son. Kiss me, Rupert Bavcnsmere. Miriam too. >May God bless you both I will toll Sophia. Liston, Bobin ! You are my heir — in my cabinet — papers look — Sophie and little Bobin — I shall see them — when I get home—" Colonel Dene dosed his eyes, and sink baok onhis-pillow; yet, though he lingered a littlo longer, he had spoken his last word. "He is gone, Robin," whispered Miriam, when she saw that all was over. Bobin, still holding his dead father's hand, pnt his arm ronnd Miriam, and kneeling by the hedside wopt bitterly, and in a very agony of grief, while she, almost strioken 'dumb by this overwhelming calamity, silently prayed that her lover might have strength given him to submit to tho Divine will. "To lose him so soon ! To" find him only to lose him ! And snch a father !" sobbed the lad. " It cannot be true. Tell me, Miriam, that it cannot be true. Speak to mo, my father, one word, only one word." "My poor Bobin ! It is hard, hard for us both. ' For I loved him, and my heart is break ing for yon, dear. But it is Gad's will. Ho knows what is best " " Bnt I wanted to keep him longer, Miriam. I wanted to keep him tilt ho was old, till I could feel that I really had a father, and he could know how I loved him. We were so littlo together, Miriam, only a few times, and he was so gontlo and good. . . . That you should die thus, my poor father! . . . . And is it not heartrending that this bravo officer and noble gentleman, who fonght thiough so many campaigns and survived so many dangers by sea and land, should perish in a miserable riot, and at the hands of men whom he deBired only to benefit. If he b id been less pitiful he would not have died." " Christ also perished at the hands of men whom He desired only to benefit ; and death is always heartrending — for the living. But your father as truly died in the performance of his duty as if he had fallen at the head of his regi ment on tho field of battle. What end oould bo nobler ! May the lives and deaths of all we love he like his !" " Amen !" Baid Robin fervently. " You are right, Miriam. The very first.time I saw him bo said that we were sometimes called upon to risk our liveB in the eause of duty and hononr. Oh. yes,- he was a father to ho proud of. It i9 very hard, but I will try— it is a priviiago to have known him only for so- short a time— and yon are loft to me . Hark? what is that?" "The trampling of troops- the neighing of horses— the ring of steel ! Cm tho soldiers bo here already ? Yob, ' it must he, and now I think of it, Gib returned at tho very moment — it was the galloping of his horse that fright ened them so." "Oh". God-! if thev had oorae ; only-half an honr sooner !" groaned Bobin. — From "Rabin," by W. Westall, in; Manchester Weekly Times. 