BLACKALL. [Faon Oütt OWN" CORRESPONDENT.] The town is full of visitors attending cither tho Shearers' Union meeting, the Working Men s Parliamentary Representation Associa- tion meeting, or tlic sittings of thc Central District Court, Thc accommodation at the hotels is occupied to its utmost capacity, and a' largo number of men have to bc content with a " shake down. " It is very creditable to thc shearers that with an influx of over 200 of their memlicrs there has »ot been a single case of drunkenness before the Bench during thc week. The annual meeting of the mcmljcrs of the Queensland Shearers' Union was commenced iu the Town Hall, Blackall, on Monday last, Mr. Saunders being elected chairman, and Mr. K. H. Murphy, vice-chairman of thc meeting. Among thc visitors arc Nessi's. M'Douald and HinchcUQe (of the Labour Federation), , W. Lane (Editor of the Wörter), Coím M'Iutyré (delegate of the Darling Downs shearers), arid - Williams (secretary of the Scone branch of thc Austra- lian Shearers' Union). The. latter's mission is to endeavour to arrive at a basis upon which the two unions can either amalgamate or federate, and the probable result of his visit is attracting much attention.' All thc business is conducted with closed doors, and no reporters are admitted, but it is under- stood that immediately thc proceedings termi- nate a copy of thc inmutes will bc handed to the Press for publication. It is anticipated that the meeting will last until tho middle of next week. At the sitting of thc District Court held to-day His Houour Judge Miller, presided -, the barristers present were the Hon. H. E. King (Crown Prosecutor),' and Mr. J. G. Drake, M.L.A. ,In thc coses of Edward Wyatt audiNicholas Hine, cliargcd with being accessories before thc fact to thc passing of au altered cheque at the Half-way House Hotel, Jericho Hoad, no true bill -was filed and the accused wera discharged. ' Peter Kirwin, who at the lower court pleaded guilty to passing the cheque above referred to, was sentenced to eighteen months' im- prisonment, with bord labour, in Brisbane gool. A previous conviction was proved against thc accused. .A charge of attempted rape against a Chinaman named Ah Hat, who was committed for trial by thc Windorah bench, was reduced to ono of indecent assault, and-ufter thc evidence of the prosccutrix the charge was further altered to one of common assault. Mr. Drake appeared for the prisoner. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, after retiring for about five minutes. - Thomas Bourke pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing £19 at Jundah on thc 2nd July lost, and wits sentenced to four months' imprisonment in Blackall gaol. Accused had already been five months in gaol awaiting bis triid. Joseph Nash was convicted of stealing a quantity of wearing apparel from a hawker named James Ramsay Bennett, at Windorah, on the 10th August lost, and was sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment in Rock- hampton gaol, thc sentence to bc suspended under , the First Offenders'. Probation Act. This prisoner had been four months in thc Blackall gao^ waiting trial. There was no civil business.' ? A local laud boom seems to bo setting in. During thc' lost two months allotments have been changing hands every week. Messrs. D. Budge and Co. report having sold on account of Mr. R. A Markwell, 'thc well-known horse trainer, a store and land in Shamrock-street to Hop Yck ; a cottage and laud in Violet street to Mr. Harry Rich ; aud 320 acres of land close to thc town, with dwelling house and training stables thereon, to Mr. Charles Skuthorpe, of Mexico station, near Jericho all at very satisfactory prices. There is very little demand for horses, and prices generally arc very low, although during thc week harness horses have changed hands up to £10, and saddle horses up to £10. The transition from thc subject of a local land boom to that of a branch railway tc Blackall is an cosy one. Thc members of the Blackall Railway League arc much gratified at thc favourable tone adopted by thc Minister for Railways in replying to tlic request of thc member for Barcoo, Mr. F. R. Murphy, that a survey should be made of the proposed branch. Tho petitiun iii favour ot thc construction of thc linc will bc forwarded to Brisbane by coacli to-moii'ow. Thc document bears about 7ÖC signal urcs, mostly of residents of Blackall, Barcaldine, Isisford, Tambo, aud Rockhamp- ton. Some little soreness is felt Llmt Hit Rockhampton Chamber of Commerce did liol take the matter in hand. The secretary lc that body waa written to by thc secretary ti: tho Railway League, but no reply has yet been received. Otherwise the business people of Rockhampton have rendered ns good service in endeavouring to secure thc construc- tion of thc line. Tlic Blackall Athletic Sports Club bas issued a good programme of spoi ls for Boxiii" Day. Since my last tlic weather has been very changeable, cool breezy evenings relievim: ' hot oppressive days with a rapidity trying to weak constitutions. Several small showers have fallen, but twenty pnints of ruin is tlic highest record. Thunderstorms have boen very prevalent throughout tho district, nud have completely extinguished tho bush fires tlint raged last week. Blaeltnl], IO)li December, ISflO. I In llio Japanese House ol'IVcru just elcutcil, there aro twenty-two fanners, fifteen mor eliiLUtfi, nuil but ouu nobleman. Diimlcy (impressively) : .' l'on m v uoiil.d'ye know if 1-nw-should UK II ghost I bctiovu 1 fchouldbecoinoa-nw-nhattciiugiiliiil.'' Alias Quicker (softly) : " Uo k-U us about Hie ghost you dhl see, Alf. Dumlcy." 