VICEREGAL VISIT TO MITOUAM. LAYING A. FOUNDATION-STONE. The foundation-stone of St Michaels Bohoolroom at Mitcham ton laid onThurada? afternoon by the Countess of Kiatore. flu Kxoellenoy the Governor, Lady E;bel Keith Lempiiere) wero present, Tali waa *h» tirat oooaaiou on which a Governor has visited tii is hillside township offialally, and au appropriate ceremony was oondaoted. A crowd of iidles and gentlemen gathered at thesite to witness Her Lidyanip set the atoue. lihhop Kennion and the liavs. B. C. SseD nenBon, F. W. SamwelL VV. R. Madie, J. C. HayneB, and W. Milne attended in their clerical robes. The viceregal party arrival shortly before 4 o'clock, and on alighting itota her carriage Lady Klntore m presented Kith a beautiful buaoh of flowera by Mra. T. Patr Smith's little daughter. Her liioei Uncy then accompanied the Governor ta t!w rive la front of the building, and the bishop conducted too service accord i- g to the Church of England for buuh gatherings. At the oonolusiou of the creed the atone, which bore tho iu Hcription— 'To tho glory of Godthuetcnu naa laid by the Eight Honourable tha Couotesa of Kintore, April 10, 1830,' was lowered, atd Lady Kintore recited this portion of the service which runs—'* In tho i aith of JesnB Olirist!we place thia f oundatinn atone in the name of Gcd the Father, Goj ibe Sod, and God the Holy Ghost.' The liav. F. W. Samwh.1., the ptieit of the pariah, then explained that tho Bchemti for the ereotion of the lohoolroom wu ttarted about a year ago, and that the con ttibutions which had been received and liiorniaed from frienda and sympathizer* umounted to £430. The total coat o! tho edifice would be between £803 and £900. There waa a feeling abroad that debt should not be Incurred in the oass of a building lika mat, but it wsb thought that there was full joslitication for boi rowing a little to com plete theprojaot, which would supply a great want. During the past year they had had to pay £20 for the rent of premises for day and Sunday-sahool purposes, and that sum would have to be paid year after year it they had not a building of their own. i he zoom would also be used u an athletic c ub and assembly room, and the youn^ men of the district would be able tonse is of en evening. He appealed for the acajat \- nee of all present to make the undertaking a coccess. Bishop Kknkion thanked Lady Kintore for laying the stone, and congratulated Mr. Humwell and those associated with him on the excellent plans they were working on. and oIho on the good prospects they had of bucoesa. Continuing, he Baid there waa no doubt that at the present ttmo the work in wbich they wero engaged that day w« of peonliar interest. A deal of discussion had taken place of late on the snbjaot of tno capitation grant to aohools, but he would not enter into the matter beyond pointing out that there had been imported into the discussion a great deal of nn couetsaTy acrimonious feeling. He vary much regretted the bitterness with which come people thought it neoeeiary to exnrees their (sentiments in ths newspapers. U(»u i-ui-h an important question there were no doubt various opinions formed. For hi* part K' held to the opinion which hs had ?P.y° °eid jn tho colony— that it would bo ??£?* Possible mistake to introduce any ^^Htt°£Wpie Correspondents in the papers HMNrxtted him with holding to opposite ITinoiplee, and he had not cared to go to the trouble of contradicting them. There ware many reasons for him holding the opinion he did. He remembered when he began his work in the colony that his greatly valued firend, Bishop Moorhouto, whose nameoarried such weight in the colonies, gave him some irood advice. Bishop Moorbouss said — 'I ehould strongly advise you never to aooapt anything from theGovernmentorState.wnioh, U it were removed from yon, would plaoe you in a position of difficulty.' That was a sound principle, and ho did not want to be plasad in a position of which he might afterwards bo deprived, and be left in difficulties through having accepted help from the Government. That was one difficulty with regard to the capitation grant. The Bishop then dilated upon the advantages of religions training, and pointed out how valuable tho new schoolroom would be aa a place where parent! aould have their children educated from a religious standpoint. He oonoluded by moving a hearty votu of thanks to Lady Kintore. The Rev. F. W. Sam well seconded, and the vote wca heartily carried. Bis Excellency the Govkrsob responded briefly on behalf of his lady, and aaid thuir vif.it to Mitohain afforded them the greatest pleasure. They were satisfied that the school would supply a want which had been much fell, and they wished to congratulate Mr. Hamwell and the others on the Buooessful start which had been made. He be lieved that the management of the aohool when it waa opened, as it would ba, to all denominations would be such as to give confidence to every one. Education was be coming morn and more a necessity every day, and. of course, th«y looked for the greatest effects of the education which chil dren received from thorn after they left school. In was because they believed that the taaohicg at such sohoola as that had tha power of controlling aud moulding the characters of those who ere long would be CBtled upon to guide the destinies of thia (treat continent that they bad ooone to help forward an undertaking of which they hoped £o much. ' The Church's One Foundation' vn« than tang and theie proceedings ended, but before ivcvirjjr the d»is Mr. Samwell handed to Lady Eintore the silver trowel with which the set the atone. ADDBiSSBS OF WELCOME. Mr. A. Murray (Chairman) and Mr. A. J . Bitt (Clerk), with other members of the Mituham District Council, then aaaonded the plat form and presented the following ad dress of weloome to His . Excellency :— ?% Wo the members of the District Connoil o( Mitcham (one of the oldest Councils in douth Australia) have the honour to express to jour EiuelJenay on behalf of the ratepayer* our great pleasure at this your first offiiisl visit to our picturesque suburb. We have noticed with satisfaction that the natural beauties of the naighbonrhood have often attractod you to Mitcham, and we aro happy in feeling that we are addressing one who hos a sympathetic acquaintance with our lovely surroundings. Our diotrlct comprises thirty-two i-qu»re miles. It includes Goromaudel V*lley, JilackwooJ, Bsiair, Glen Osmond, and Upper Sturt, and there ia a population of about 15.CQ0. ^ho City of Adelaide abouada in I^HflpSts of its resources, inasmuch as the mSMffed for many of its noblsst buildings k\8 come from quarries in the district, and toe admirable roads in and around the city Br-'£tmtly dependent on the metal obtained tbySsmnw One other great industry in our rcldtt* *B may also mention— the production of fral;-~wnich has now attained so great propo»\\*!onfl *h** *ke export trade in «om« yanetwl will soon rank amongst the largoei Is »^ eoloniw. In conclusion, we ezpresi oar deepen. l01*}W and attachment to Her Graoions Majesty *-? Queen, and trust that your Fxoellency'd at»y it. South Australia will nHult in the ooa tinned hnP^^,^ j^jgolf, Her L^yshin 11- your Iftmlly, and Ihs pf 6sp«rity of the oulo&yoverwhioh; you have been oftllel to rule.— Alex. Mubeav. (Chairman), A. J. Hatt (Cl«rk).' Lord KisTORB replied — I reooive with eatifcf aotion the address which you have pre sented to me from the DUtriot Counoil of A locality the beauties of which have oltan attracted me, and of the future of which I am well wured. To be able to record how much the City of Adelaide ia dependent on your resources is no small bout; to know that so large a share of the fruitgrowing industry lies within your borders must bo at once a Bonrce of prida and responsibility to yon. I am confident that the district representatives of 15,0C0 people will £o all in their power to foster and protect the industries to which thia lovely dlstriot owes ao much. I receive with thankfuIntBB your assurances of loyalty to Her Most Gracioue Majesty. I have not failed to inform her of. the constant expres sions of devotion to her throne and peraou cf which I have been the recipient In thanking yon, gentlemen, for the kind expres sions you msko uhb of in regard to myself, ir.y wife, and family 1 can only aay that the experiences of a twelvemonth completed to-day leads me to look forward to oar term of residence in South Australia ai one of the happiest periods of our HveB ' (Cheera.) Mr. John Gardiner (Secretary of tho Mitoham Lodge of Oddfellows) and other Ledge representatives then handed to tho Governor an address on behalf of the Friendly Societies, whloh read as follows :— 'M representing the Lodges of Friendly Societies meeting in Mitcham we desire to unite in offering yon a very rosoeotful and hearty welcome on this your first official visit to our neighbourhood, and assure your Exccllrnoy that the pleasure we thus feel is greatly enhanced by the fact that Her Ladyship the Countess o! Kintore is present with ijou. We doubt not that yonr Excellency is acquainted with the noble objectB for which Societies like ours were founded. To strive to lessen tha psnga of poverty by fostering a spirit of thrift and iodopendenoe among the people ia our great aim, and we need only paint to the fact that co less a sum than £62,000 par annum ia distributed by the Friendly Societies in relief arnocg their members ia this colony alooe. find thtt if it were not for this provision the claims on the Government for aid to dis tressed persons wonld be increased to a very large extent. This will suffice to show at cnoe how wideepiead ia the adoption of its principles, and how great a means it it for good in our midst. Ia promoting theee glorious aims we in Mitcham are glad to tike oar humblo p trt. Assuring your Exaellenoy of our loynlty to the throne and person of our beloved Queen, and with ell good wiahea for' the future happiness and welfare of your Excellency, Lady Kintore, and tho mambers of your family.' His Excbllkkcy replied as follows: — Gentlemen— It is with a feeling of lively pleasure that I receive the address of wel come which yon have been so sood an to offer me in the name of ths Lodges of the Friendly Sooieties in Mitcham on the ooaasiqu of my first official visit. Both here and ia Great Britain I have had many opportunities of informing myself as to the objects for which your Societies exist, and of the aims whioh they profess. Heartily do 1 wish you success in your endeavours to inouloate a spirit of thrift, and in your wish to help those who help themselves : such principles go far to make ? nation. I need hardly add that I am rejoiced to bear how sucoeasful your opera tions are. I gladly accept your assurances of devotion to the throne and parson of our beloved Qiieen, and I thank yon in Lady Kintore'i name as ia my own for the kind wishes for ourselves and our family* with which your address concludes. Cheera having teen given for the viceregal visitors the gathering dispersed. 