£3^- ' ¥lOv-€li£5t. I THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; '.:?-, -- 'J.. - OH, ^.. - . ^;-*» ' ,;?'-? . JLady^Chetwynd's Spectre. SSfer-'^'^*' Ubs- Habuiet Lewis. ? mj&g-y-r;^-*- ? . .. ?Kffi^EE XI.-(Co.nt;nuedO 'SfcJ^Her love end ambition wcrf both aroused, . ?'?'-3jsffl?fr'* t-ent .oene' to taB task of winniug jSraum^iiDw, upon tli.it very night. She ^sfejnesnt to renew her betrothal before Ehe '- -'slept. . - .?-.'. Gilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. He was equally anxious with Syltum lor her marriage to Chetwynd. Uatil that marriage should come off, his game iri reiard to' Bernice was blocked. . ? j He, was thinking thus when the hall' iwrtcr opened the door and approached him eiying ;?'..' ' Mr. Monk, there's a low fellow in the ball who says he 'must see yon. Bis name, which he jays it's Flack — ' Monk started. . . 'Flick The ejaculated.' 'Whr; he -as a servant of mine. I'lhaeeliim.' .''.-? '. He hurried out iuto the hall. . Flack ^-. stood just inside the great portal. ' Monk ^ west up to. him, and esked, in^in under tone : .' ' ' . ..-??' 'What's up 7 Why are you liere?' ' Mrs. Crowl. she sent me,' said Flack. ' Miss Gwyn left Mawr Ccs'tle the day before yesterday, and we haven't Been her J& .?iace.' ;-^ -Wteft the castle 7.'.. ' ;--&, 'Yet, air,, along with a porkmantle, '' t which ehe'earried in her hand, and a wear , __ . ing of a gray .dress and veil. ' Mrs. Crow! \- 'vSL ihe-thinks M153 Gwyn dime this war, sir. f- H'« Mil s newspspsr which 'came '? .aroauffa jacket of wools which the French ' , governess brought at Carnarvon. The news |l£* pap&thxd; a parrygraph* thot-Lird Chetwynd %£? wasaafiuioa/andon his wny home- That P' ' * - traselflW Miss, aba aba mijunK the same K. nlfjbfcT.'ilate'jou stcn berberu?'. ?? Thunder. ni». '? ? SlieVberc, ii: the nc:i;!i V Bor^ooa,-'iricd Monk, ia''n panic. ?'? l'ou v V' most watch ;herc for 'bsvt'ljick; .Go pver ; ' ' Lotbe village inn nmL'ipo* for her trier.1, Denntb'e-eoifBtif thiSfeit oa'Uie cast sab i .» af the .bouse after 'thi^-lfjaitii -arq out.-. : ? ' must scp. job fli&aj;^juntblt.wiOr you. 1 ?** -'*'*..- raonot ' ttay' her5 jonger wjtliout': excit }**?.-, . 'tag suspition. 'vVVe'' muss find -ihegirl to &\--« alrhfcr^-'.' v '. ? ? .- ' . '*?**': W&i; , SeTOBAM totKs house^ftihccaUng.l'ift' Jg?=- , Mtuetjaai perlnriwtioti at Imt ' Iii: cuaMT. ^. '- ]ll«|»ewd the drasr-.Mi},' rooai, going throcgh' , . * Hu^Tunsic'-rooai i/-/ttic great^onservatory, \- - 1 inlo which (lie drawiTntfroomirriusic- roorii, and the pink b'iufloir' ??pene^.' He fat '' f?wa m a dim-miok among Jlje : floweir, v bis heart bcMjnif fiercely, and taolter'il: .?? ^~ ' ISeraics here' I '', llernice back at Chet.; «ynd i 'ark ! 'She- will respect hiT'loatTSv She will not-.rcvc«r,h,er identity uor'pre ?euce to ber husband ;' but. why does. jhecamef I fear' tbeje'd mischief ahead;' .? CUitBTKttX.il, , , ' .;. ~IUE KloijUUIS WlilTE. ' ,» Frum the low, jaitic »eit' opoa whfch . 3\ Gilbert hid flung. bliqsVslf^.ae could look ?' ' into the bright diawin£/oom aud hear the murmur cf voices. ' ,'- ? ?' ' ,. 'I with Cbetwyn4*wi;al(l {all in Iota' ?^_ with Sylvia,' tJiougUt'-Bajik jrr« but he . remains wedded to liis' first 'lore. '?? I wish ?I lie would fiel bound jp honor or comirassioa 10 propow in Hyliia llrU very nlglit.- If »ho wtre »i-ry nkllful I s.h'oiild,think«he Uitglit lead him on. If uo-to-re n-all/agd att-Jally ? nfrs?cd to B/lrla, I ihiofc I coulil maaaye* IJrnice.' - . . . ? It aeemed u If the fate* were playing into his hsno'i.tbat nieht. -,-, ? '. Wi.llc be lurked In the grra't cunncr. vatury that flanked one end of.ths buaie and opened npoo several state aimlm'cnt*, Hjlria «it in a hvrchtit. before tfaeCcu.litr f^ij bit of troollcn embroidery, cu bcr Unce, ifiic iiAi light fajlini; in a &-yA uu-jn her . -iwartby, iiaadaomc f;w«, ''red checks and ^_ _ ? .^lt»»»T black boir, contciuus^bat bho «u« SBt— '- .iookiiigber but, and pircnUjix n jircliy Wat. jiictuie to the Ions boinclrn yoiinj; |-iii1. YY' - I am ulad to be back -again','.' -atd the ft\ marquia, liit grave lirowi nhailoHC'l hy lii» .?ea«.l«» onrnt and Wlltr JWBins;», 'I iboPirht «n Abj«lni» t'uat I Woiihl c.irt; a'.l I uirnrd to tramport myi'elf fo lu ln»Uut ^ back tothiJ (ltnr ulil Iiokc, And now I or, lien*, in the n»mi iht briglil«aed with her joypus plrKDCS, an I tho pain at . Mug hurt: \--? r 11 iirraicr Uian I could .bare df»ir»d. It i» r «ceauas if JJtiolc; weie near mr, fijlria. I ;* i.trc DLicr had that «lia«((e f:iua of the J ncarnecs of her pret«nc? clue:: I litt.her. It MCS«a«if tbo wcro In UiCMi roorus-aj if ,. r.Iie might appear to 010 at any moment— an ifcL it 1 miflit bear her roico calling.' mfc 'That !w .rerr, natural, and v«tjr ta«lly Vl~ ' ' Mptolncd,' «»fif -riylvln, la.bcr sraooll', JL'* I »il«cry .»«?». J' 'y«u left (bi- plops so noon ° after ''ear Uornice'a licatu tbal ber prcntnco ' still fteoivd, ai ozo miybt nay, to pervade [f-J ' the twaie. You coins back »ftcr a long d' absence, and eurylhiD); r-!ialnd« yuu of her, SjV You bare not grown wed to tliu bou»e wlthj i- 1 outhtr.' .????;? . ^V r '8b»1IIever get tiled (0 tbe boujo with S- out herl'«sktd Lord Olietwyod. \ S, 'The edge nf our «rie- rouit wear off gU4 - mb( Umr,' ikld Bylrla, soltly. 'It mm t g' lote its Ant ituupneM, and become a v«!iu« gv. ' and Under memory* FcrbApiwben I-» W~- Bf-Ttt- yoa will Baa npo*s 10 yoai- fond i& , jBtmoria «f Bereks, liiM» -0htt(»yn4 -?? -V|iy ;»? tiiii, -!fylvia?! \Vb-- s'jaabl you leave T ur home? '-. ?--'-?*?.- - ' Ah ,-' that is it,' cried 'Syh ia, passion^ atdy. 'It is not my. hmm-. . I. have r.o right 1 (K.' ?Can- you nit ace, lloy ? ? l-o yoi('nt t' understand ? You force mo to sneak | Ininiy. I have no claims upon you. Hay, si d I cim nn lunger- live upon your bounty '- Besides,'' and her vuicb tremble;' j with- tl e consciousness that ehe was p'a) ingber l.iVt cnnl naw, ' ray goo-1 namo -iuv.mo3 . ebcriahed rFissiKsion, Ruy ; it is, in truth, a 1 1 have, and people talkbee^uss I 'Wnst do they Jara' to shy to the pre sence onniy ttep-Fistcr in' my bMBO j' 'Tncj say,', replied Syjvin, drjopios her her.d still lower, !? that I was once batrcthc-1 to you.slndtiiatyou jilted me. '1'hty H»y ihnb-thtit.I lnre you s-.ill, and lhat I mil Btayia^dh bere in hnpos Ui win you.' And s» 1 m'.at go, lloy. I could not stay on liero 8u' lung- in n. spark of true -womanhood remains in me. And, so— nnd 50— I'm going.'. '? : ??-:.: , . She cijvered her fnce and seemed to sui- in an utter humiliation and an 'Thcrcj is only one way in which you can or' will remain, I suppose,' he . cx ckumidf iuiiictuousiy, ' and that is— as my -; 'Oil, lliiy!' -cried JHbs Monk; raptur ouslj;, crciting her head in serpent fashion, her dull' el-es burning with. lambent flames, her ted enc^ks flaming into deeper carna tion. - I : '? ' '. Fur anl instant Ohetwynd pauBed, be wildered. » M!ss Monk waited for him to sa7 more. He comprehended that his un guarded outburst had been interpreted as ' a half proposal of marriage. Ho was sick at heart for a brief space. Becover ing himself, he said, with unconscious stern ness;. ,-' . L- -.- ' . -?? : ?-? ? ?' 'SylviaJ'I ne»or loved butonce. My heart is buried with my wife. All mv hopes rest in herjeoffln. We were once betrothed. You put an end to our CDgasemett, ns I fancied then, because you had discovered that- you did not lore rue, and I married Uernicc. JMy n.othcr desired you and me to marry each other, Biinrice, dying, urced me to marry yon. ? Did she fancy, in that last hour, that you lored me? . Tho dying see clearly,! it is said: Perhaps she bad heard, of 'out former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. Mymolher loved yon ; Bernice loved yon. % cannot permit you to go forth to a life of toil and hardship. Sylvia.'sistcr, knowing what I am, and that 1 have no heart to offer, will you become my wife?'.-- Thecoloi flamed again in Miss Monk's face, 1 . ? ...-., ' Oh; Roy I' she breathed again, in rap ture. 'I leve you. To bo jour' wife is more than 1 jhad hoped. But I. will 'devote my life to yon. We will work .together, and I. know that 1 can bring back Jo you a portion at least of your lest happi ness.' ?; ' ? I . ? .. ChcUyrid smiled sorrowfully. ii... 'Such a ni.trriatre is a one-sided affair,' he said. ;? I|have so little to givo in return . for your li)'vej But I can spare you lue toil and _hariUhip of a governess's life. I ran shield yon from contact with -the busy woifd, am) I will try to make you happy.' 1- ? ; . ????-.' : Mies Monli aroce. swiftly and rushed towinl ' hjra j with lier soft, undulating movements, ;:id Sung herself upon his bceast. I ; -.'?.-. . He started back with a geitura of lcpul sion, but re.collectiug:.bimself folded ono arm around- licr. They were betrothed again, anj he -could 'give ber. at least a brother's caresses, ? . ? . .' . - ' Ob, Koy, jthjs. hour pnys nie for all I have endured I' cried MisH.Monk. 'All I nuk is tobt allowed to make ycu happy. I cannot uopa ever to take' the place of dear Bernice, but in timu I may come to fill a little niche of my own in your heart. I have Buffered s 3 much. My life has been oqe long dea h withput you. Take me closer, lWr, md give me the kiss of be^rotbaii' At lust— at last,' she went on, ' I am yours.11 ?'?;-£;.'''?'.?'? Cbetwy^d pi t both arms around her, and said, in a'ofoki n voice : . 'God.bleES youj my promised wife — my dear ^ylv n ! And may yonr future :ba|ir-incn »Joi e for the sorrows of your I!-: bent bis : oble head and pressed a kija r.|i-«i Uvt wjSlir;; lips. Shojicld him to her, t'towcrilig fcimt :s-*tipon him in strange un j rcj.rve. . -. -,-?'? ' A si-h, a br ath, a faint rustle, like, the hrusiiia^. c.^a wing or the movement of a womaii'd drew, sine fluttering through the room. ' : ? Chet-jryn.i, ' \ill holding Sylvia to his breast, involunt rily.lookca up. ' His ajijmlled :ycs beheld a sight that held him durohnnd.iootionless. N lie saw stand ng in the wide archway of the -open slidin doors that which he be lieved to be t le apparition of his lost Cerni-.-e. ? . ?? : ' ^ . ...She stooJ agiinst'a faintly lit back _gropn(l of dusky. blooms..perfectly revealed, Sfl in theinidBt uf an oddfaus twilifbt that ?jhade hericcm ii de:d a'viaion from another world. '*:??.?. :? 'She wrj drc scd in white, us at her burial. C'hptr ud'sfnsciuated eyes noted that she woTc.ii 1 )ng,.whito silken robe like that iu.whijVt he hid consignsd ber to the tomb. lie ruNt; lned- thu peculiar fashion iDRof the dam, or shcJmd worn the one in wbicb sin!. liad . ir-on-' buried nt her tint jlujncr at Hietw nd Park-tbntmemorabla dinirtr ui.-un tho ^*rrev«ning of her home coming. Tlie: low,' cquare-cut Pompadour corsage, with -frills' o( point Inco standing up abdut (he tlcoiler throat and fair bosom; thcibort sleeve* ending at the elbow iu a frill of lace; tbti bared arms : be recognised each icparatu; feature il tho toilut he bod thoii|;ht so charming. , . - JJut the lilctri; It was strangely changed, and ytl he knew it, and bis heart leaped up within him at il^l.t of it. U01 ui=« had btcui pluiu.-nltb bat thc'.poiciMlity of hi-auty, but this vision- won gloriouiily beautiful, with the K.-diKiico of n rare and perfect loielliitji. -Hitllljojud, bv. ronllnu'.d lu stare at her, noting ILopurc, fmuk brunj ?haded by criotlin;; muses cf floating hair, the soft and psrfect loulour of her facu, the 'tender wllclicrj (,!'?_ the miinitlve raoulb, tb« unuttcubla KaRC ami lon^lnx'ln tlio Kicut vivid eyc«TWTiitl-, tilm lonktd m if eho lonufd t'i speafc.but was restrained by 'Kiinc iimlail'lu power. ' ? Hyl»i:»'« I.CK.t liit-l Iiwn liurltxl. in Obeti wyii'.'u brroal, Blurw.mlcrwl lit bis ailcuue, toil l*,k«d uji.Vu^iug fun.lly : ? 'Cull mo yoBr-|ifi'iiii«:d wife o;inlu, dear Jl-.r. Kit* 'iuar.a:{hln- Am I uot 16 be yrmt wl/o J Aru -;.i nu! Jo bo bnppy at lait ? Oil, nijr d*rlliijt— ' '. .£&-?? Hho broke off obru^fly/ieehiir the tbadowy figure In. the door-way. Bhe ttared nt the vision ai if lt,(\hd been somu demon tent to call In* to 'her : eternal hoinii, Uur jialr etcmed to r.vu on tail, 'Her tonv'io w&i; Klund to bt'i'moalb. ? ??? Tho couutcrmnco of tfao' icomlug opp.iri. tl'/u changed Co: nq exprenlon of IncffanlB dupilr »nd n:lnul«b, Hbu opened wldo tier anus m if t^crabrnca Chctwjnd, and to, with oultiircaa' nrrai, and yenrnln/, anguished /ace, nba, slowly rotreatcd barb wartl lira Itj'v airy vl.lou iba ?coinml, until ibo utA vAtilabed Into tliu gloom bo. yond.. ' I; Hot until the lebuiln; ipectre bid dlw) uearcd did I-ord CheJLwynd urouio from bit frozen alienee, Bqt Hien, 01 it Rftlranlscd, lio flung 8ylviitMuiik.frum.blm In kd utter (orgeUuln'.'is of hcrl liguodcil . ncrona tbq room asd into l\xt cwi«ervntury,' '[hit w*x IlBbti -were burnl11d7dl.mlj.-Jn: fba «re»t ?robed darns of ^lji-f, amltlicro Wf rt dim soaUl and ?lmd'oi?s-ja|orery »ld«. The niur- qnli daelied dpwh a m-\« 'Hitwet- botittia jfl«)[e;Uk«.,a;ffla4m»n^j^hc;gli^0dedr»it sHHIIItKa^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^H^BlllH Uilbeit aiunkwas standing near the door, ej if brought to asudden bait. He had sees Bernice enter the conservatory, but bad been unabl' to arrest ber movements, fie had K-en.bcr but now depart like a shadow, and htsfwas in the net of pursuit when Lord Cuetwynd's swift approach made him halt. The schemer knew that a crisis bad occurred ia liia fortunea.'.»( himself and Sylvia, and r.poa his present coolness his own future niid hers depended. He was equal to the 'occasion. 4 ' Why,, what's the matter, Chelwynd?' lic'aakcd, in'tbe. ntmnat apparent surpiise. ?'Goad, graoioua! ia thu man mad 1 Where aro yon (.-oinj:? Why are you running? Great Heaven 1 you look, us it you had Been H-ghostr; ; .Onlnynd turned upon Monk, eager and 1 ^Did.you see liar?' he irK'd, 'Hasaby- one v-a-scd out Ibis way !' '- ' ?' JTo occ. I httvo, been etanding in' the doorway here th-ie fifteen minutes,' replied Monk, witli eecmiug truthfulucas. ' Whore doyouseek? Sylvia?':.' ?-. .'? .. 'It was Bernice I' said tho marquis, nil excitcruent. ' Isaiv her as plainly as 1 see you, Gilbert— my dead wife, Bernico I Help me to Bcaich' the conservatory — ' . Monk put on a look of alnru. 'MydearChetwynd,'.he exclaimed, 'you nre the victim of some Bingular hallucina tion. Your brain is turned. Havo you for gotten that Bernice ia dead ? How, then, bare yon seen her? Do the dead return from their graves? My dear boy, let me Bend for Doctor Ilartrigut. -You have got a brain-fever.' Chrtwynd Shook off Monk impatiently, and tiearcbed the conservatory in every nook &nd; corner/but he foond no trace of thi3 strange visitant. Ho dashed out .'in tho garden, and Monk went with him, but they did not see again the Blenier, girlish, white robed figure of the seeming * spectre.. At leng'.b they re-entered tho conservatory, the marquis pale and distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Mifs Monk stood before the. fire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was a look of rnvfui drc.'i.i and horror still, in her eyes. Sheiin:igined that tbespirit of the woman whom she believed she had mr.r dered bad returned to haunt ber for her crime. In her first horror she bad been a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, and had there given way to all her terrors. The'old East Iudian nurflo had given her her usual remedy— a soothing draught— and -bad comforted her, and in spired her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk possessed an iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothing had, bo far, stood in her way in her. attempts, to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that he was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, 'she determined that nut even a visitant from the other world should take 'him from her. Haviug thu3 resolved, she returned to the drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. ^ /: ? .. ??'' She welcomed his return with a. look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: ' 'Oh, Koy I why . did you throw meiroin you ? .Why did you dart away so abruptly 1 You frightened me. How my heart beats stilll What is the matter ?' ? 'Did you not see Bernioo?' he asked. ' Were you not also looking at ybnder.arch wav?' ' I was looking at the archway,' replied the, consummate actress, ' but no ono was near ir, Boy'., What do yoa mean by your allusion to Bernice?.' It cannot be that you fancied yon saw her ?'. ? ?«? I thought I Baw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I be held my lpEt wife. And ycii did not see her? Can it have been au allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway- of (be con BervatoTy, and belays that no one came in or went out by that way.' ' . Sylvia swept a sudden, koen glance at her brother ; but bis face was impassable. She determined to have'an interview with him upon the subject later. ; ..'.:-?-. Chetwynd was staggered in Ms belief. He put bis Band to' his forehead, saying, hollowly :. ' Can I have been mistaken ? Was it all a freak of my ovcr-excitcd brain? .It is easier to believe that than to believe that tbo dead can return. And yet, could my imagination have pictured her in all that splendour of .loveliness, in the glory of a perfected boanty , the lustr% of s beauty sue!; as I have'never seen? I cannot explain it.' -. ? He' leaned agaiuBt the low mantel- piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm in a canrEafng fondness. : 'Gilbert,' she said, proudly,'' ray place is here, at- Boy's side, henceforth. May I tell him, Hoy ? Yea? Listen then, Gilbert.' Our old betrothal— Koy's and mine— is re newed. We are to be married— lloy and 'I congratulate you, Cbetwjn-1, upon laving won n true and loving heart,' Bjiid Monk, extending his hand to-ll:u mniquis. f This renewal uf old relations will assuredly prove for the bent. ! suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that she baa loved' you all along with a rare devotion. I hope' you two will be happy.' ' 'lam not myself yet,' said Lord' Ohet- wynd, with a troubled smile, '-'I suem sud denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. I'll ec- to my room; if you'll kindly cxecse mo, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my journey,' and bo withdrew, going up to tbe moms bo bad occupied with Bcr met'. ? ? '...'?. Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw. into tbe conservatory,- but Sylvia de ta'ntd him. Ho was anxious to. search tho grounds, in hoptB .of discovering B'crnicD, and he submitted to hu delentior* with an Ul-crnCQ. . ' What do you wont ?' bo asked, with an exhibition of surliness. '? I want to know If you were In the c«n aervotory during some fifteen minutes pre vinus to Lord Cbetwynd'a 'optical illusion V ' .dumor.ded Misa Monk, with sarcustic em* 1)1iorui. . Munk replied in tho nfdrrnativc, ' And you ia\r no ono enter or go out?' Monk, hastened to otter a negative. 'M den't 'believe, you,' laid the nllned Sylvia, with coimMcrablo rudeness. 'I know bitter. I rnitv tho ghost, if It wns a uhoit, mill bo did you. What is your object in drnyiiiQlha fact tuj/ul' . ,'? I l.sve i]j) object.' I «aiv no ghost, and teat mve.ir to my dcnliil, if j-ou ehoonc. Vuu uiiin't Imni been rcaiing Mm,. Crown. Y-/u Would do hotter t« think of- tho great viu'ury you Imvu. won, I advlia you' to liailvn your mafrlnge. I Imvo. nearly run through my Ihuumind pounds, and I want more. . You remember that yon promised me nn annuity uf a -'ili'iiiuini! pound* 00 -your bcooiiitng-rintiy Ohetwynd. Hurry np tbe warriaKn, Xbat it ray advloe.' iltt kltaed his flniiero tn her carclceily, ami lauutorcd nwny . Into tho . con tetvatory. ; ? rJ'ti Monk looked after him with a pilule 1 frown. ' I wUIi Ikncv wliritir.honioootli|iles lilm now,' Kim thought, '? Ollbcrt baa changed during tho i«u$ year*' } tnunt conrcus lie U jwtl Ing loo rlcicp fi)r iliu, I can't fatliom tifm. Wliat prnropM him to dsny tliat tia tunr th»l' flgnro 111 while J tf It wn» n spnotrO|ho mu»t Itnva s^en It, slnco It wns YUIblo to both lloy ilnd me, Hit woro not ft inuolro, what whi It? , Oa my tpul, I ballora allbert knows,' -.;',- ' -, ? ?? : , --.? -. . With Hi I11 oonvhiiloii Hli» Monk went up to her own ruonu. '? v lilio found old llagea In Ilia dreiilng-room, 111) uulookliiK tliu diiun ut tborrooloni Kmt ndlan cabinet, Tlio old ffjnli «tn»toi) At ilia* Mgnk'ii entrance, ond--JiM|ontd 'to. lock |b« doori o«Mi|nij Jntu tbbvy»U.' \8l)i ^tt^,^»fanui4-;^^*W'4i-rtmilv.4-»B*' ^el.ths iMMt^owparf^^aBflto^kj ' I want to see: that my globules have nst j been tampered vith,' refponded uli! Ragee. 'I feel uneasy. Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that 1 made a mistake in the rial, but I intend to sec. It' I bad made a mistake the girl would have died in her cuflin -all the earoe — no, she would have recovered her conscious;:, ss, at the end ol three days. It's alright Mi.sy, but I'll just, make sure.' . .- Jlisa Monk watched her attendant with languid interest, while tl:e ayah opened the two vials we have j list before described. ; ? 'There were one hundred globules in each,' muttered the old woman. ? 'I took one out of vial number two, leaving ninety nine. Ivwill count them.' ' ? Sue proceeded to do so. ? ? ? ..' iL's alright,' Bhe announced. 'There are just ninety-nine remaining. I can't tell what ruade idq fie foolish, but just 03 soon as you spoke of tho ghost I felt a^eaire to loofc at these vials.' ? ' Look nt the vial number three,' said Mifs. Monk. ' ' Still, that's all nonnense. It's alriebt, only there's one- thing sure, liagce— Gilbert knows something about that ghost, or whatever it wss. He swears He eaw nothing. I wish I knew what game of bis own he was playing. There's one thing sure — he knows ibe secret of that mysteri ous iatruderof to-night. The old ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedly seized upon the third vial, opened it, and beganhastily to count' its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when Bhe had finished. . ? '? Can't yon make it count right ?' asked Miss Monk with sudden interest. ?' Tbore's only rrrriety- eight globule* here,' answered the old woman, blankly. '?And there were a hundred ?'- ' Exactly that — a hundred in each vial.' ' You may have dropped a couple ;' and Misa Monk began to search. . j 'Stay, Missy,' said the old Byab, in a tone of deep significance. 'Answer me a question : Was Gilbert at home on the tho day that Lady- Ohetwynd was taken ui?' - ;. . ?-.- -. .;. . ?; : ' Yes. Do'n't yon remember that he was in my boudoir before dinner?' ; ' Was he in your boudoir before we opened tbis cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chetwynd ?' ? : ' Yes ; he went out, and I called you,. and we came in here.' * . ?' ?'-??? -' 'Ahl And he was back in three day's time?' .:. .'.?:: . -. r. \- ' Yes. ( I telegraphed him that . Lddy Ohetwynd was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask so lnaay unimportant questions?' ...... .'-. ? ........ ... ' Simply to confirm my own suspieions and remembrances,' said the. old woman, her black face growing yellow. Miesy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that Fcents blood. Hesuspeatect us. When be went out from your room that day be must have slipped in here. The doors were locked, it is true. Howdid he get in? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. He bid in there; be heard all we said. I remember I went to my own room for another via].. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicions complete and deepen them into deal certainty. ' If' you -had been absent from this room a moment—' . . MUs Monk uttered a singular cry. :; ' I was absent,' Bhe ejaculated. 'Lady Chetwynd came to the door of my boudoir for a'picce of music.' ???'-.- J ? ., - : . ' Then all is clear. ? Gilbert changed tue globules, and took au extra one out of this' vial number three. He was' back in. three days. Ho! gavu'her ladyship, moro of, the drug. She was buried. lie rescued her; He has bidden her somewhere all these ' months. Lsdy Chstwynd lives. Itwaano ghost,' but Laily Chetwynd herself, whom yon saw lo-night I'. '.;''- OHAPTEB XIII, 7 . ... A, D13TUEB1SQ PBESEKCB. The annonncement of, old llagee's in-. sLinctive' conviction -that Lady' Chetwynd lived, and that it was herself and not 'her spectre -Sylvia Monk bail Been r was de livered with a startling vebenience that for an instant almost carried conviction nlsn to Sylvia's heart. She looked appalled. The iandsome'Bwartby face lost. its deep red stain in checks and lips; the dull blact' eyes opened wHc in an expression of utter terror nnd abhorrence,. '' .' Alive I Bernice alive I' aho whispered, hollowly. 'Impossible I' ? ? ' Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans,' said old llngee, noiding her turbaned bead, her witch like features working convulsively. '? I did not suspect bim of being so rlccp.but depend upon it be was hid in these rooms upon that d»y bo long ago when we planned Lvly.Cbctwvnd'8 dcatb, and he cbunecd the globules, and has now in bis keeping thu globules yuu Ehould have given young Lady Chetwynd.' .. ' ' I dnn't believe it,' said Miss Monk, with Midden jehemence. ' I tell you it is not sn. I would rather believe that I saw a ghost to nl;;ht than that T.saw the living Bernice Chrtwrnd. I ran prove In ray own satisfaction that it was not Bernicp. If it were the true Lidy Chetwynd in the body, where hiu sho bpen all tliwe fifteen months Bince her bin ial?' ^ ' Gilbert might have kept her out of sight, for purposes of his own.' ? K it had liqen Lady Chetwynd in the flesh,' demanded Sylvia Monk, '? why did she not speak ? Why diil she not rush into tho room and throw herself in her husband's arms?' Tbo old Ea.it Indian woman shook ber bead. ,. .-.'..?.' Tbo question was to her also unanswer able. . ' Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with a certain triumph. ' Ah, you cannot nnnwer/'shocxclairaed, with a thrill or juhilunco in her sllvrry tones. '.' 1 thought not. And Oilburt was too unmoved. and quiet to have suffered recent alarm. Yoti have made a ralstako in counting, or there were not originally one hundred globules In. each vial,' declared Sylvla.ipoiltlvely,. ' Wo havo been seated beyond all reason. Wo will bo wtcbfal of Uilbcrt, but I am persuaded that I saw a spectre to-night.' . Shu leaned back on the cushions of her chair in a deljctuus content. Old Itagco locked Tip her liny guld box c( iliJidly driigu, mid restored them to tl|e sourut compart meat of thu Iudian cabinet. Ai she locked tho tllvcr-mnuntcd door of tho latter, and pushed the silver-mounted butterfly Into lit plnco over tliu Intricnto look, aho ahouk her weird tuibaned haul nnd muttered, la atone* too lowto rvaob, Sylvla'a care i 'If Missy. Ii intl»n-d, let her remain- 10. Uut an for me,' I am not iatlsfted.. I'll watch Gilbert. - I'll exomlno his trunk imrl clothes tn learcU ol tlio mlnlnn globule,1 I'll dog him like hli ihadow. I'll kuow If n ipeclre boa come to haunt Ohetwynd I'ark —If some strange, woman. (? pgnonMlng Lady, ahotfrynd— or-l( ? her Iniljihlp la 'alive, , . If iliu's ollvo, thorn's dan^r for ui nlicsd, nail I aunt be on my unsrd la meet It. Hiliu's all vo, she'll' not bo llvlne *lonit.' .-?'''? ' ' Thu old woman net licr llpi loaethor grlrply, ond a monaolng look gleamed In ber uunll, furtlvo eyes.' ? . While BylvU Monk wu thus lulling hotiolf Into n fulia aeourlty, and while old Rngee wu dntormlainu to probe tlin mjitery that win to (rauubt with danger to ber iilollieil young rolitrcis, the, lord at OUctwynd mm in hit wife's roanii, n prty to tbakeeneitfluUHUon tnildiitrcu. ? ? Ho hi-l wfllkeuTtlirough tbo lonit.dctertod roomi,notln8tuiii.«r8rytbluii wBipTcoioly Ibuttlts with golden stopperf; its boxes ? exquisitely chased gold marled -with l.i wife's monogram ; in tho spacious ward robes of tbe dressing room. were .the gar ments she bad worn. The rooms seemed instinct with her presence. Chetwynd half expected to sec her rise from some chair, or enter at the door; the impression of her near presence was 50 strangely vivid. He walked for hours in the long closed rooms, until the fires burned low. Then, wilh bis strange anxiety and restlessness «till upon. him, he retired to Dcrnice's bed chamber. Tire bed was the same as when she had used to occupy it. He knelt down by the bedside nnd subbed aloud. For a iong time. he knelt there, and gradually he grew calm with tho calmness of bis old despair. Ho arose and turned down the ras light to a dim half light, in which every object in the room was dis tinctly visible, and then he flung hinucU, fully .dressed, upon a low couch before the hearth. He could not sleep in the bed in which ha believed that Bernica had died. ? ? . -'.'..- He lay with closed eyea, a travelling rug drawn over him. Ho was tired and worn, and gradually a sense of sleepiness stole over him, and he dozed nneasily. Ha was aroused suddenly ,-wItn a swift ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore head. He did not open his eyes, nnd the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his moustnehed lipsl Tbe touch was slightly chilL but it was like a silent, fluttering kiss. He stirred— he opened his eyes. And then he saw agcin the vision that he had Been hours before -in the lower rooms. He bebeld Bernice— Bernice in'tbe develop ment of a magniflcenfaod splendid beauty — with the tender, innocent eves he bad loved j with the sensitive mouth j with the lithe, light, graceful figure, and wearing still the whito robes in which, she bad been buried. He. lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. ?;....-.' She had glided from him t6 the distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineffable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but no words came. She spread her bared 'arms as if to enfold him. . . ? ' ' ? \- ' Bernice I' cried.outthe young' lord, in a sharp, shrill voice. ''Bernice, 'speak to mel' '?,?...?:?..... Bbe.Bhook her bead .sorrowfully; and slowly retreated towards his . dressing room. . .??'-.. ?' ' .- ? With a startling cry, he.sprang up from his couch and bounded toward her. She continued her swift retreat, looking backward at him over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and disappeared in the dressing room. The door closed behind ben Chetwynd dashed it open, but the vision was gone. . He explored the bath-room adjoining ; be ran out into the great hall, the door leading - into it from the bath-room- being unlocked ; be searched the great empty guest- chambers, but he found no.trace^of bis strauge visi tant. .'':.-? -. .-.'.. ' His search aroused Mies Monk, and she appeared in a scarlet dressing-grown, her feet encased inBlippers of white down, look ing frightened, while old Eagee peered over her shoulder. Ohetwynd apologised for arousing Sylvia, nnd made'' sorae. unintel- ligible excuse, but kept up his wild search, being hull beside himself, ' He knocked at Gilbert Monk's door, but theteca-ne no response. The door was un locked, nnd -he entered the roomi A. light and a Bra were burning, but Monk was not there; . .-? . ? ..* '? ' - . Considerably puzzled at Monk's absence from his: rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia ?till stood,' wondering and bewildered. 'Did you hear' burglars, .'Hoy ?' cried Sylvia Monk. -'Is' not Gjlbert in his room?' .- - : .'.- . ?'..'''.'? ' No ; he is not there. I— I fancied I saw something, Sylvia, and 1 came to look. That's all.' GoodniEht.' . 'Was it — '.Was it the spectre again, Boy?'' ?'.?-.' ' Yes,' said Chetwynd, desperately. ' I fancied that I Baw her once more. Good night.' ?;'-.?'.'?. . .'?? ''?:.'?.? He went in':o his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retired to her own apartments. The two women argued thems'.'lves into a state of calmness after a little, but'Lprd Chet wynd walked his floors all the long -niRht, and watchsd, and listened, nnd waited. -But thespectredid not come again. '': ? Gilbert Monk, after leaving hi* sister in the drawing-room, bad hurried out of doors, as we have Baid, in search of Bernice., The one great idea that po.-eeesed him was to find her. He comprehended that he stood upon the. brink of exposure. He searched- tbo lawn, the shrubbery, the rods overhanging the sea, the strip of beach, tbo boat and bath houses, and pene trated f.-ir into the park, peeping into- nooks and glades and coverts', but he did net rind her. Ho hurried in and out among the thick Btmdows of the trees for hours, and at last the conviction came to him thM Bhe 'had in some way eluded him. ' ''Slie may be bidden in the bouse all this while,' ho thought. ' She may have gone to my room to plead with mo to release her from .her vow. Little Puritan 1 She will not daro break her Bworn oath not to reveal hr-r identity, to Chetwynd, or any other, without nny permission. Bhe is truth itself, lint what a test for her,' to stand before Ohetwynd to-night, and not bo able to speak to bim I The girl's as bravo and true as she is beautiful.' . ...'.' l He acted upon his new idea-, 'hurrying into the home anil up to bis rooms. It was past eleven o'clock, arid tho lights were all turned cu' or burning dimly. Thero was no one In tbo great hall, -iuto which the faint mounlijht streamed through 'the end win dows. He opened his door. The fire and light were burning, but no person »as in. his room. It seemed to him, however, that eoine one had becu thero: recently. The rpg wosdlmrrangcd, as It ouo knelt upon it, and the lire seemed tn have been lately stirred to a' brighter blnitt by an 'unskilful band. He was sure Bernico had stolen tn here In bis absuncOjand bad remained sumo minutes to warm lieisclf, and In anticipation of his return.' ' '? . ? . ' ' She'll come again,' be thought. 'Btaa'a tike an nncaucd leopardess slncoabe eaw her husband. ? I'll wait hero for her,' . ' - Hn left his dtKir Unlocked that 'aha might cniur slleutly, and flung blmiclf into ao pjuy-cliairln an -'iilmaura' sorrier, and waited for bur aptieittanei), But the tlnio woroun and aho illil nut enme. The great clock ttruok th« Uaut at twelto, but itlll iWralcs did not c'omi). , '-.:?... V ' Munk walled, until a great fear Ctime.to him, that Dornlco mt)iht bnva eutored ber old rootni— might bavo teen her husband there —and 'oarried sway by tbe enpremo ;utoay of the moment, and her joy-ivt seclng.'hlra, mlybt bare nenultted bim to elasp her ft his dinu. A cola iwtttapiang to MonVavlMgo. Bo pulled oil bli hoota and put on a parr of onrk'iolcd illppen, and then atola out again Into tho ball. ? - ????'-' -: ? v ??*.??:?... '\ Ho crept to. the varloui iloor» oponlng Into the ball from Lord Ohetwynd ? unite of private- rooici. llo waiourUlu th»t Obetwynd mi In tho bod-eba.mb.ar, Tho ?ouniV ol gentle nnd icgulnr hrcathliig be came at l»«t percoptlblu, Obelwyprl wai within— Mloep, Borntro will not there, Yet he watted, watching, Hitonlng. ? . . , How tho ; minutes dragged I At I»U ho heard) or f»noled ba lioa.nl, lott footfalls npon tho carpet within— tho ruitld of . a womnn'iillkcn drcii. How hit heart beat now I Uo bent clnscr itlll nt tb6 kejr.nole. Ah I tow he heard tlio qry ol Obetwynd M ho iWrtt^MP-'rom lili ile»p-ths unit ol Ueraloil sjSm ws.itbe.re I %. f.r.= :: -.-:= ;' .: ^||a^ioo»W^v^«¥Mito'.ttl4^ii: 