T,~ GOLDE- N BOWL For a moment she looks at him devours the sight; then the glass falls bfom her hand, crashing down in the stalls to the great danger of an old gentleman's bald head, and she starts to her feet, callirg 'Godfrey!' The cay cannot be repeated, for she is dragged back into the box, not by the eetireman but by Hilda Kemnpson, who eorsetting where she .was shook her, ?cleiming "' i?B quiet ! Are you mad ? You shall repent of this.' But her threats fell upon deaf ears, for the girl had fainted, 'She isn't well; this is the second attack she has had to-night,' said Hilda, in spology to the gentleman. * Will you look tor Pr. Bristol?. he will-know how to relieve her.' ' Yes,' was the reply. But for all that Frederick Monekton did not care to leave the miserable girl in the hands of this woman. At this moment Dr. Bristol appeared at the box door, and Milly was soon in a fair ,n to reconer. iGodfrey, odtrney Sioecomoe ,In itee gallery,' she gasped, with her first return ing consciousness; 'fetch him, make haste.' And then fell back again unconscious, The two men looked at each other questioningly, then Frederick Monckton went to the front of the box and looked toaards the gallery. But people were moving out of it, he had no opera glass, he could distinquisha. no one, and to go to the gallery door on the chance of meeting any man who might in any way resemble Godfrey S!cecombe, was too absurd to be thought oBesides, Godfrey, if living, which was next to impossible, was a man of refined taste and habits, and would never have gone to a theatre at all unless he could have gained admittance to some better nart of the gallery. ' Milly must have mistaken someone else for the man who was so continually in her thoughts. 'Poor little girl,' he thought, as he valked back to his hotel, having declined Hilda's offer of a seat in their brougham. IThere is something wrong with her brain, or with the people who have got hold of her. She made an appointment with me for to-morrow, I doubt if she'll keep it, or if she'll have anything very rational to say, ifsha does ccme.' The same tnougnt came 1o puur snuiny herself, as she lay on her sleepless bed that night. 'Twao in one day.' she mnoaned, 'are they alive or are they ghosts ? I think my head must be wrong, and that r.uch trouble is sending me mad ; I know other people must think so, and she would be glad to have me shut up and silerce: me. I'll be careful, and silent; but oh I I oander if it was Miss Carrie I saw and Godfrey ! if it was I shall be so happy,' and she buried her face in her pillow, and sobbed and cried until the servant who had fallen asleep while pretending to sit up with her, woke in a fright to de mand what was the matter. 'Nothing; give me some water to drink and bathe my head. I shall go to sleep then,' was the reply. The next morning Milly was better, though weak and exhausted. 'I thought I saw Godfrey in the gallery ol the theatre, and it startled me,' she said to her mistress, who came to her bedside, Of course I was mistaken. 'Of course you were,' was the severe reply; 'but I nish you would not fancy such absurd things in such a public place, it is by no means pleasant to be mixed up in such a scene. I would not have had it happen for a hundred pounds; we were really beginning to think your reason had suddenly deserted you.' This with a keen glance as though she were testing her. 'I am very sorry,' replied the girl, humbly, 'you know I have not been :well for a long time, ma'am; that's why I nan?ed to go and live wtth my grand mother. That trial, too, shook me dread uliy; I seemed to live it all over again lat night. The play, too, frightened me, and I thought if Godfrey shouldn't be dead, and Jacob Searle was to be hanged, I'd never forgive myself, though I can proee nothing, and I can't help it.' 'If you wouldn't bother your head about all those things you'd be much happier,' returned her mistress, severely; andif you give way to such fancies as you have entertained lately you will be ahut up in a lunatic asylum as sure as you are alive.' .Milly made no reply, but turned her ace on her pillow wearily. It was useless struggling with her destiny, henceforth she would be silent, and say nothing if she could help it, She did not get up until late in the afternoon, and then only under thie threat that Dr. Bristol should come into her room to see her. Indeed, if left alone, paer Milly would have taken to her bed altogether, as being the most easy solution to the difficulties that surrounded her. Such a course, when Hilda Kempson nas in the same house, was out of the question, however, and reluctantly enough blilly allowed herself to be dressed and led into the sitting-room where the doctor eas awaiting her. There was something soothing in Dr. Bristol's presence, young as he was for a medical man, and poor Milly always felt safer when he by. '. don't believe he Icknows her, or dreams what a fiend shie is,' she often said to her self, For all this she did not dare to enlighten him as to the true character of the soan whom he had engaged to make his rile. Fred MoIonckton did not go to keep his appointment with lilly, because on in quiry he heard she was confin:d to hIer O 0aroom, and rwhen the thi.d day alter Ibe scene at the theatre he set in his card to Hilda, inquired for Miss Bray, snd wasinvited to comre into the room, he found blilly reclining in an easy chair, with Hildaat alittle distance, an open book .n herllap as though she had been read ing aloud to thie invalid. 'I hopeyou are better,' he said, advancing towards billy. 'I1 am afraid you were very muc' frightened the other night.' . ath k .you; I am a little better,' was the languid reply. And then Ililda began to talk to him until he had been there half-an-hour, when, with an apology, she rose and left the room fr a lew seconds. 'You could not meet me,' said the yaoug man, approaching the girl. But she held up hIer hand ?with a warn ing gesture, then in a faint voice, asked : ' What did you say ?' 'That piece thle other night was very texiting,' !Very,' was the reply, And at that mdment Hilda Kcmpson re-entered the room. She had, as Milly knew, been listening. CHAPTER XXVIII. Willoughby Shrapnell, the solicitor, bad been very busy, and, as some people thought, very objectionable, ever since Sir John Cares's death. During Carrie's lifetime this was not so much to be wondered at, but he had shown no abatemetit'?of zeal or energy since that unfortunate eient sand when expostulated with upoti the subject, he re plied, Isriefly, tha't he kneiw what he was about, and that it did not follow because Miss Carew was dead Sir Johti had left no nearer heir to succeed him than his niece. An observation, which being carried to Hllda Kempson's ears, as was intended, made her feel anything but comfortable or secure in her new position as mistress of Clovelly. But with all his energy and perseverance the worthy solici:or had discovered but little, and though that little tended to con firm his opinion tihat Sir John Carew had been married to Carrie's mother, absolute and positive proof of the marriage was not as yet forthcoming. In the course of his inquiries, however, other and strange facts came to light which, accustomed as he was to surprises, considerably astonished Mr. Shrapnell. Feeling the matter toon important to trust to another person he went up to Tynemouth himself, conscious at the same time of the hdpelessisess of making in quiries at a watering place about any people who had lodged there some twenty two years ago. " His first inquiries were dishetirteriin'g from the replies, they gained, for there were many Priory Cottages, houses, Iodges' and villas, some of them, it is true," f modern construction, but the whole place had so increased and changed during the last dozen years, that finding the particu lar house he sought seemed next to impossible. He had put up at the railway hotel, and then started to hunt for what hbe sought. There was Priory House, a red-brick, gothic, cottage, suggestive of great "shoW and little comfort, but be felt instinctively that Sir John Carew had' never lived there. '' ' No one could object to his inquirihg, however, so be knocked atl: thbe door, a card in the window afinouncing 'Apart ments' affording a plausible exi-use ":' SWhat rooms have you td let ?' he asked of the prim, middle-aged .womai: who opened the door to him. 'Parlours and drasing roomsi,' was the reply. 'Would :you like to loobk at them?' 'Thank you,' and he steplped in, but the rooms were small; cramped, ?rid stuffy, and be said, cotirteciiuly i ' I am sorry to baye trdubled youi but the rooms are, too small. This can scarcely be Priory 1Htisse.' :.. 'No, this is Prioty Lodge, the House is along by the cliff That is the old Priory House. The 'niet one is down nearer the haven; but you'll find the rents there twice as much as we're asking.' 'It .is not -a question of expense. Sorry to have troubled you, and he set off to walk towards the cliff.: A postman met him, one who looked as though his whole business throi-gh life had been' that cf carrying or delivering letters. ' 'Priory House,' he repeated, in answer to the icquiry. ' Yes, it's along the. cliff, a house standing .away back in its own garden, an old place. The Miss Sloe combe's live there. 'Sloecombe,' repeated Willoughby Shrapsell,. as he: pursueds the course indicated, .'?Sloecombe;..where have I beard that name ?' . " '' " Thesi'he started,; and for the moment piused as the recollection.of the man to whom that name belonged: flashed back on his memory. Half way be'tween the Shlort :an'd Long sands he came upon a house with'a long garden in front, fenced off from the road by iron railings, on the stone posts of the gate of which he could barely decipher the name,' Priory House,' the carving having been worn almost flat by exposure to sun, wind, and rain for many a long year. It was evidently a large house, and in one of the windows on the right side of the door was a small, unpretending card, with the word on it, 'Apa'tments.' 'That is a comfort,' said the lawyer. 'It would have been awkward for me had it been a private house.' Despite the card the garden and house as he approached it more closely gave the idea of its being a gentleman's or lady's residence rather than a lodging house. There was his excuse, however, and ihe walked up boldly, and kInocked at the door. Before any reply was given to the sum mons, he was conscious of being well stared at by several faces from behind the curtains of the other side of the house to that on which the card was exhibited, but as he could see no laces, he stood his ground and once more applied his hand to the knocker. The door was opened at last by a woman whose age it would have been difficult if not impossible to guess, so seamedl and lined and wrinkled was her face, while her high, white cap, lilac print gown and apron, looked as though they had just come from the hands of the laundress. ' What apartments have you to let ' asked the gentleman. "Partments-nice time of the year this is to look for 'partments, isn't it now ?' 'I don't know that the time of year matters much, provided one wants them,' said Willoughby Sharpnell, trying to look past the woman into the entrance ball, which was so large that it would not have disgraced a country mansion. ''Praps not; but what do you want ?' 'The question is rather, what have you to let ?' ' No, it ain't the question. I've got just so much to Iet as my missus will let me and no more, and they don't approve of men folks in the house; if you was a lady now.' ' But I a-n not a lady, and it's bitterly cold standing here; I want a bedroom and sitting-room; for goodness sake let me come in out of this wind.' Ard almost pushing past her Mr. Sharpnell strode into the hall. For a moment the woman hesitated, then she closed the house door and came to.his side. ' I'll show you tile rooms, sir, if you like, but they won't suit, I know they won't.' ' You thlink not; well, let me look at them,' and he took a step towards a half opened door, when the woman sprang for ward and caught his arm, saying in a tone breathless from terror * ' Not that way, not that door, this,' ond she led him into the room from the win dow of which he had seen the white card. It was an enormous room with a wide bay window, a room big enough to have given a large party in. The furniture was faded and timeworn, though it had once been handsome, and the enormous ruddy fire which burned in the grate suggested ideas of comfort which the howling wind outside, and stormy sea, visible from the window, both helped to confirm. 'This is dclightful; what is the bed room like?' he asked, turning to speak to the woman, but to his surprise she was gbne, and he was alone. hAn oddity,' hIe mused, ' gone to ask for instructions, I suppose; it's odd how anxious she seems .to get rid of me. I doubt if it will be safe to go out of the hIouse if ever I want to get into it again.' And so thinking he put his hat and bag and umbrella on the table, settled himself in an easy chair near the fire, and fell off into such a far away train of thtought, that it required several little sharp coughs to wake him up to the realities of the present. The elderly servant had returned, but she was not alone, she had brought a second person with her. IMr. Shrapnell rose to his feet and bowed, the second persqn, a lady, bowed too; and then he could notice that she was of small stature, had once been pretty, and was dressed in a style which must have been patronised by Iis own grand mother, a prim Quakeress. Her high, he.lmet-like cap was white as senow, hIer dress of the finest gray cash mere, scant and plain, so unlike the frills and furbelows of the present day, while the white- kerchief crossed upon her breast and the soft muslin bands that peeped beyond her tight plain sleeves,.all helpcd' to make a picture of rigid quaint sim plicity, that seemed all in h:irmony with the old house;in which she lived. 'Thou wishest to 'lobdge in this house ?' she asked in a' 'soft vobice, with rather a southithan a.north country.accent... SYes, I think' so,' was the.reply." ' I-is not our h'bit to talke in ':'a i-an, least o.f all 'a maai .v.ho. 'ha' rio' w6m'an belonging to him; hbist thou.a.wife a.' ' I had, but she is dead.' . - A: nmoinentary silence:;: then the Quakeresarcontinued' ' ' Hisi thou any' chlildren ?' Yes, one, a little girl.:. .: : 'And thou wilt bring her here ?' No, not at present'; ihe"aiir'is too keen, in the .summer she may comne, perhaps.' 'And thou. wouldst wish to.livic here for howv long ? 'i .... "'I -canntiot 'say, "I shalli not be lici a great dial, 'for I have' business that' will often call. me away, but .if- we "agree to terms,;I.iiil. talke the rdooms I want for three. months positively,':if that will suit you.' " ' ' ' 'Be' :;seated, I will-seek Miriam, the decision is with her.' And noiselessly as. slie. hd. entered, the little Quakeress left the room. ' I wonder how old that womasi is?' mused the layer, 'as :he igaih sat'ddwfn in the armchaiir. .:S!She 'mayh bi'as.' age between five.and twenty and forty.; howv clear ai~id clean heir skin :is, and that qluaint dress, I thought even Qtaker'esse bad given up4 such an urnbecoming girb. I';wonder if.they will let me stay in the house: They seem to have an absurd olbije'dtioii to my sex, a .singular objsction 0oo.., I 6nly liopie they wobn't'relfie s6:let me stay onthat account, if'they do I shall be obliged to come to the point, and commence my inquiries at once;;: acourse I have an iristinctivedislike to.' : At thlis lioint of hlis"reflections' tie door of the room opened-again and admitted the Quakeress helie hsad aleady seen, 'and'.; second loolkiring" almst old enough i'o li? her mother, respectfully folloied l?y the servant who had admitted him" to the' house. 1 :He:rose to his:feet andh bowed,hbut .the elder woman without returning his saluta tion pdinted" withl sonmeshing lile thorror; at tbhe u'ni·illi?!that Vly upfon the ?tible.?' ' Talie it :Off,' she said1 l?reii'ptoilly. Not that we should yield to undue super stitidoin', bitt'thetre'iS' a place for everything, anditaht is.unseemly.' " ' ' WillougLby';, Shrapnell ob;eyed 'witf: deference, though he could not- help; won deiring if every person who applied for lodgings at this strange house had to go through the same course of questioning, and whether any one not having a motive like s?mself'would, when they intended to pay for their accommodatlous, put up with the difficuhlies of getting it. ' What motive hast thou for coming to this house ? Wast thou recommended by anybody ?' inquired the lady he:supposed to be Miriam sharply. 'Well, not exactly recommended--but I heard of it as far as Devonshire, and I always thought that if I came to Tyne mouth I should like to stay at Priory? House if it was possible; by the way, are' you in any way related to my friendi Godfrey Sloecomnbe ?' 'Godlrey Sloecombe. Thou knowest him ?' 'Yes-or I used to do so. We have not met for eotne time.' 'They .know nothing ofI his death,'. lie mentally added. SAnd he was well and doing well when when thou last sawest him ?' XYes, it was at the 3British Mitseum; he seemed a very learned man, and was respected by all who kInew him.' ' Ah, the learning of this world; the friends of Mammon, But thou wouldst live here. We take but our own sex as a rule, but I like thy face. Thou hast also been afflicled in thie loss of thy wife, and the price of a good wife is far above rubies; go with Marthn and look at the room above, then come and say if thou will tarry here.' So saying she took a seat, her sister fol lowing her example, while the lawyer, with Martha preceding him, left the room. ' He hath a good face,' said Sadie, the youngest of the two. 'Yes; I like it passing well,' wvas the reply; 'but that he should knowGodfrey. Did be say hie sent him here i' 'No; hie said but that he know him. 'Twere well that he and Cara should not meet.' 'Truly well,' was the emphatic re sponse. 'I much misdoubt the wisdom of his coming here, but he is a friend of Godfrey's, 'And he hath a child who is mother less,' said her sister with a sigh. The elder woman looked at her keenly, then, after a pause in which she con quered the inclination to say something sharp, observed: 'Thou art always fond of children, Sadie.' 'Yea, I love them,' was the pathetic reply. But Miriam turned away her head, tihe memories of the past, saint as hier sister thought her, came up before her mind like so many ghosts, to remind her of the wreck she had made, not only of hIer own, but of her sister's happiness. There was twenty years difference in the age of these two women, yet the pride and a falsehood of one had made their lives alike desolate. Meanwhile, Willoughby Shrapnell [fol lowed Martha into the hall, and he noticed now, what had before escaped him, namely, that there were two staircases, and that each side of the house had a duplicate in the other, as though, in fact, two had been built together, and one front or hall door served for both separate dwellings. He made no comment on the subject to hIris guide, his first object being to secure a footing here. 'the bedroom into which be was shlown was half the size of the sitting-room beneath, but for all that it was large, corn manded a view of the sea, with a bay window, and was both clean and comfor tably furnished. 'Yes, this will suit me admirably,' he observed, having inspected it, ' what a fine view of the sea and Priory you have,' he added, standing by the window. ?'Yes, it's wvell enoughf for themn as likes it,' replied Martha, curtly, ' but it always makes me think of dead men floating about.' 'Dead men 1' repeated the gentleman, as though doubting he had heard aright. 'Aye, we often gets 'em from wrecks; there's a tide or current that brings 'em in lhereabouts; we had one last weekl had been in the water the Lord knows how long. Of course we know they're there, but we don't want to see 'em.' 'No, I should think not,' was the reply, with a shudder,' and then he walked downstairs, this time going in advance of Martha. As he reached the foot of the stairs, a lady came out o0 the room, facing that in which he had: left the two sisters, and witihoibt noticing him, walked towards the oiher staircase he had noticed. Instinctively he stood still and looked at her. : Liketthe sisters, she was attired in grey, but where their dresses were scanty and shortl, hers was full and long, falling into a' graceful train, and though she must have been past fifty, the body fitted her as oit might have done a much younger woman. The white kerchef and Quakeress's cap, in her case, were dispensed with, but her hair; which was wavy and abundant, was of the whitest, purest silvery hue; she darnied herself unconsciously, but with the dignity a duchess miglht envy, and Willoughby Shrapnell stood and gazed at her with something like awe. It was as though Carrie Carew, fifty years of age, instead of' twvo and twenty, stood before him. She took no notice of his presence, though he stood mutely. but a yard or two from her, and walkled on her way up the staircase as though in deep thought. But when Willoughby turned to Martha as though to ask a queftion, she said in a lowe tone-: ' Hush, she is blind.' . i Tlien the lawyer walked back to. the iddm-. in which.' thie twob sisters were awairing him .:resolved, at . any price, to become an inmate of thts house, and to olve the mysteri :i contaiined. td aCHAPTER aXXIX 'I'li?e. 'lherdoms very musch, and you will:not findi me a: troublesome lodger,' iaid Willougl?ly Shairpnell, as he returned to th'e presence of the sisters; ' what will the rent'be'? 1 ,We , ihave been thinking that as it is out of the seasoni, "and -thou wouldst like to tal?i?:tiheroomis for thire monthy, twelve pounida' ten.iwu?ld be sufficient for that time. ' Very reason'able' terms indeed, and I is"i glad .td a??ept themh ' As? you don't kiinow me, you would, perhaps, like:part of ~he :.sum in aodvance ', And he put his hand ins his pfcket, blit the lady waved hers severel SThere".are i:two'bad paymister.s, friend, One .that pays inr advance, the other that never pays ait all; I' trust thou wilt be neither. Marthi Will look afier thy com fdoiir and.in all reasionble things do thy bidding. Come,:Sadie,' and she rose, bbowed with'stiff dignity,' and left the room followed by her sister, siho glanced hack with linigering curilsity. .' How-old is-Miss Sadie ?'. asked the lawyer, incauiiously, of; Marthal SWhalit tiiness is tihat' of yotirs ?' '.4.No'nieto be sure, but..Iwas thinking it would be impossible in that dress to guess her age. to within a dozen years.' '' Ho?, old are :you ?' asked Mar?tha, sharply. 'I-oh, I'm forty-two.' 'Ah, then she ain't as old as you by a good bit :so now what would you like to eat Men are 'always hungry.' .-Are they,? I am afraid that is not al ways my case. I shan't want anything till seven o'clock, then I should like a plain dinneri but if the trouble is too great for you, I'11 dine at the hotel.' 'Thein:hat's the good of having lodg ings. S'.I suppose I may want to sleep some times, may I not Marthia? but I'll trouble you to cook lor me to-day, just two courses of anything. I must go up to the station about my luggage, and will order in some wine.' And what name did you say yours was.' SI don't think I did say, but here is my card, perhaps you had better give it to your mistress.' And he handed her a piece of paste board, on which was his private, not his office, address, 'V Willoughby Shrapnell, Russell Square, London.' • It would not suit his purpose at any rate at present to let them know his pro fession, then leaving his bag and umbrella behind, he went back to the railway station and hotel, partly to order his luggage to be sent on, but principally to be alone in the open air, to think of the three strange women hlie had seen, and of the startling likeness which existed be tween the blind lady and poor Carrie Carew. 'I am on the threshold of some mystery,' he muttered, as he paced the sands thoughtfully, the incoming tide makting hins every now and then re treat before its approach. ' They are evidently relatives of poor Godlrey Sloe combe, but they cannot know he is dead, for they.speak of him as one living; but how introduce the name of Sir John Carew; that is a question that I must think over, one false step now might ruin all; and let I doubt whether it would not be miore honourable and straight forward to tell them Ir.mkly why I have tried to get into their house instead of living there like a spy. It's odd how that Sadie's face haunts me, I wonder how she would look in a fashionable dress, her lair curls which she tries to hide uncovered by that hideous cap. I wonder why good woman will always tiy to make themselves as ugly as they can, do they think beauty and wickedness go hand in hand, I wonder. Burt I must get hack again; do they ever read the daily papers ? If so they must have heard of Godfrey Sloe combe's murder. Then he climbed the cliff and went back to Priory House, where Martha admitted him, but tho!lgh she waited on him carefully and gave him a very nice dinner, she rtsisted all his hints to tallk about her ladies, and he saw no more of the Misses Sloccombe that night. Three days passed, so like each other in their dull monotony that they seemed rather like months or years than the time marked by just six times round the clock, and Willoughby Shrapncll was beginning to feel that sonme step even though a rash one must be taken; since time to himnt meant everything. His business in London wanted him. Already hie had received half-a-dozen tele grams besides a score of letters, asking for instructions, advice, and aippointments, and it was quite clear to his mind that be must leave Tynemouth on Saturday to be able to make his appearance at his office on Monday morning. And yet during these days he had dis covered nothing. He jumped out of bed in the morning, pulled up his blind and looked out on the sea. The sea was never calm, thle waves were always crested with foam, and the huge breaklers came in and broke on the rocks with a sound like mumled thunder. A few ships, principally colliers, making theirway with care and difficulty to and from the Tyne, were invariably to be seen, while the ruins of Tynemouth Priory, withll the garrison, lay like some fantastic figure reared upon solid founda tions to his right. His bath and dressing over, he came down to the room in which he had first been shown. But he met no one on the staircase; indeed that part of the house seemed to have been given up to himself alone, and even Martha, when hIe rang for her, came from the other side of the building. The breakfast prepared for him was always a good one; fresh fish, new laid eggs, kidneys, chop, steak, or something equally solid, for Martha evidently believed that men were not only hungry animals, but lived principally to eat, and she catered for them accordingly. Breakfast over the day lay before him; once he had walked over to Cullercoats, a fishing village a mile off, to see the boats arrive and the fish thrown out upon the sand. The second day he spent principally on the garrison, in examining the ruins of the Priory, and on the pier, watching the efforts of a vessel to escape destruction as it came over the treacherous bar. The third day the rain came down in torrents, the wind blew almost a hurricane, and but that it came from the sea it would have been dangerous to venture from the house, from the almost positive certainty of being blown over the cliff. As it was, progress without clinging to something supposed to be stationary, getting behind some shelter, or crawling on one's hands and knees, wa's impossible. The elemnents being so boisterous, Mr. Shrapnell decided to remain in the house, and watch the raging storm from a safe retreat, while with a book before him, he tried to make up his mind as to what was to tan done. One thing was quite certain, he must return to London on the morrow, for a few days at least, and the journey back wards and forwards was not only an ex pensive, but a long one. Suddenly an idea occurred to him. He could do so little alone, and a child with these women would help him wonderfully. If he dould only bring his little Amy here, she would soon unconsciously discover what he might spend months and years without finding our. Besides the women would take to her. iHe fancied he had discovered a tone of disappointment in Miss Sadie's voice, when he said he could not bring his child; and Amy was strong and hardy, the keen winds and bleak coast would not harm her, if he could only secure the protection and com panionship of the ladies for his daughter when he was himself absent. His meditations were brought to an abrupt termination by a sudden crash on the housetop and the falling down of bricks and chimney-pots into the garden, while the excited sound of women's voices came froni the hall. To rush out to the rescue was a natural impulse, and in the hall he found the two Misses Sloecombe, the blind lady, and Mattha all huddled together, and Miss Sadle looking as though she were going to faint. 'Don't be alarmed, it is only one of the chimneys; come into the room asd sit down, while I go to the top of the house and see what has happened.' And he put his arm round Sadie's waist and half carried her into his room, placing her in the arm chair, and then going out to fetch the others. 'I can walk alone,' said Miriam, severely,.'but help her, she needs help,' and ohe)ing her gesture be supported the blind lady, whose terror and fright was the greatest, while Miss Sloecombe and Mar tha followed him. Exposlulations and assurances of safety calmed them after a time, and then with Marthla for his guide he went up to the roof of the house to see what amount of damage had been done. The stack of chimneys on the side of the hIouse that the ladies used had been blown down, and a few loose bricks still tottered and shook with every gust of wind, but otherwise the damage was trilling. 'I must gettthose bricks down, or they may be falling and killing someone,' said the lawyer, as with difficulty and at tihe risk of his neckl, with the storm raging so violently, he climbed up, displaced the bricks, threw them down into the garden, and having assured himself that all was now secure, descended, looking consider ably soiled and blown about with his exer tions. 'The sooner you put the fires out in that part of thle house the better,' he said to Martha, as he came downstairs; 'you will have the place filled with smoke; see, you would almost think the house was on fire.' And he was right, the smoke was filling the hIall with dark clouds black enough to both blind and suffocate anyone. ' The house is on fire,' said the woman in affright, while MIiss Miriam noticed the smoke, came into the ball, the only one, despite her age, who seemed to have her wits about hier. 'Rubbish; give me a pail of water, or tell me where to get it,' said the gentle man. A f.ew seconds after he was standing in the ladies' room, throwing water on tlhe polished grate; opening the window, ex tinguishing the fire, and trying to drive away the smoke. ' The kitchen is as bad,' said Martha, ruefully. 'Then let us put tile fire out,' and by the time it was successfully accomplished, the servant and the lawyer were looking very much like a couple of sweeps. 'And what's to become of my ladies now there isn't a decent room on their side of the house,' asked Martba, in des pair; ' there's the sitting room at the back of your bedroom, it's true; but it'll be snare dull for them. ' They can use my room with pleasure, I am going to London to-morrow, and I shall not be back for a week; but I must go and and wash this soot off; go and tell them so, will you.' And while the lawyer went to his bed room Martha represented the condition of affairs to her mistresses. Miss Sloecombe was decidedly against receiving any civility or favour from a man of whom they knew nothing, rather than do so she would have sat in a fireless room for thie rest of the winter; but though she would have done so, her sisters were by no means so independent in their ideas. 'TWhyy should we not accept his kind ness; we would have done the same for him, had it been in our power,' pleaded Sadie; 'bhe is such a gentleman.' 'And how knowest thou he is such a gentleman ?' asked Miriam, severely. 'I may know,' said the blind lady, with an assumnption of superiority whichl the other two did not resent. ' Eis voice tells me that he is a good and just man; we will accept his proffered kindness.' 'But sister,' objected Miriam, and at that moment Willoughby Shrapnell came into the room. 'I hope you have recovered from your fright,' he said, courteously; 'there is no further danger, and to-morrow if the storm has abated, workmen might begin to repair the damage the wind has done. I shall be obliged to throw myself upon your generosity however,' he added, with a winning smile, and looking at Sadie; 'I must go to London to-morrow, and shall be away a week, and if you will allow me to remain with you until I start, it will save me the discomfort of going to an hotel.' 'Of course this room is yours,' said Miriam, sharply, ' we're not going to turn you out of it by our misfortunes. 'And I am certainly not going to monopolise it until your rooms are habit able again.' 'Oh, we have another sitting-room, thank you,' was the crabbed reply. But the blind lady interposed, and her voice was soft and mellow, and strangely familiar in his ear. 'Thanks for your courtesy,' she said, with a graceful bend of the head; ' we shall be happy to hIave your company, or to inflict ours upon you until you go away. When you return we shall, no doubt, be able to use our ordinary rooms.' ' Thanks; it will be a kindness on your part. I have been dreadfully lonely the last three days. I suppose I miss my little daughter.' SWhy dost thou not bring her here?' asked Sadie, whilst her eldest sister frowned, and put on her most severe ex pression. 'I should very much like to do so, but I ant afraid she would be lonely, you see,' with a pitilul smile. 'A man is not always a congenial companion for a little girl. She may be very fond of her papa, but she sometimes needs the society of women; besides, business often calls me to town; I should leave her for days at a time; I could not bring her governess with her, and it would fatigue her too much to make her travel backwards and forwards with me.'. 'But she could stay with us; I would take care of her; I love children,' said Sadie, while a warm pink blush suffused her lace. 'Thou speakest the words of foolishness,' interposed Miriam, severely. ' How could Cara bear the noise and prattle of a child ?' 'I should like it,' said the blind lady. 'The time has passed when the presence of a child could sting me with the memory of what I have lost. Pray bring your little daughter by all means. We.will make her as happy as three old women can; won't we Sadie ?' 'Yes,' with a pained blush. 'You needn't call Sadiei old yet,' a;sserted Miriam, sharply. 'No-; but I can't see her, anid I. orget. Who is that-Mtirtha ? 'Yes, mylady.' ': ' We can take care ota . liitlegiril ie tween us, can't we ?' 'I hope so, mylady.' - 'Then you will bring her the next'time you come ?' with a gracious smile on the still handsome, though sightless face. 'I shall be delighted to do so, and Amy will be equally pleased to come; it will make it seem quite like home to me,' he said with a side glance at Sadie; who blushed, but made nojreply. Not so Miss Miriam; the reins which she had held for twenty years were slipping from her hands, and she knew not how to gather them up again. WVere her sacrifices, her humiliations, her long, wearying years of suffering en durance to go for nothing before the smil ing persistance of this strange man, whom, despite his courteous and pleasant man ners, she instinctively felt to be her enemy. She had ground down others as well as herself, heedless of suffering in her indo mitable pride, and now the tide was setting in against her, and she felt she would be powerless to stem it. But she got up and left the room, de termined to be no party to her own defeat, while Willoughby Shrapnell arranged with her two sisters about bringing-his only child to them, even while he wondered why Martha always addressed the blind sister as ' My lady.' ' She has been married, too,' he mused, noticing the wedding ring upon her finger. 'I wonder what her real name is. Surely she cannot be the wife of Sir John Carew. No; it is absurd, impossible. Yet who is she ? I must find it out, though that old woman Miriam means to thwart me if she can. Well, it is a fight between us, and the question is still unsolved as to which of us will win.' CHIAPTER XXX. Willoughby Shrapnell found so much business awaiting him on his arrival in town, that the quiet house in Tynemouth, with the three quaint and singular sisters, only recurred to his mind at intervals, and he found it quite. impossible to return at the end of the week, as he announced his intention of doing. Besides numerous other matters which claimed his attention, and that his junior partner, a cousin of the same name, and a few years younger than himself, could not manage; there vwas the business of the Carews of Clovelly, which had been in thle hands of the firm of Shrapnell, Shrapnell & Co., for generations, and whicli the present possesser of the property, Hilda Kempson, was determined to place in other hands. The lawyer expected nothing more thau this, indeed he would have declined to act for Sir John's niece, even though he lost a good client by thle refusal, but there was now more than not fighting for, he was ready, provided he could see his way clearly, to take arms against her. But here was the point; he could not see his way. He was not without hope of doing so, however, and meanwhile he was resolved to throw every obstacle, and make every delay in the matter that was possible. MIrs. Kempson had written an impera tive letter ordering him to deliver to Messrs. Quick and Ferrit all title deeds, papers and documents belonging to any of the Carews at Clovelly. His answer was polite and courtecous. -He did not recognise her right to give the order, therefore he declinedI to obey it. Hlilda was furious, and wrote a long and intemlperate lettecr, which, when the lawyer had read, he folded up with a smile, and put it carefully away. Messrs. Quick and Ferrit, however, advised a more cautious course, and recommended that she should take out letters of administration and file bills to compel the lawyer to hand over the title deeds of the estate, papers, and deeds, which has been entrusted to the care of the firm. All this would take time, however. Mrs. IKempson could be kept out of the absolute control of the property, thanks to the law's delay, for months, perhaps years, and meanwhile the lawyer might be successful in another matter, impro bable as success now appeared. It was a sharp and daring game to play, however, and it was twelve days after lhis return to town before he could so far arrange matters as to start for Tynemnouth, this time taking his daughter Amy with him. A pretty child of ten, with dark brown hair, grey eyes, a fair, somewhat pale com plexion, tall and graceful for her age was Amy Shrapnell. Quiet, and making but few demrands upon the patience and atten lion of her elders, provided she had books to read, or work and occupation of any kind; ard her father knew that the three sisters would find her a pleasing addition to their household rather than a tax upon their kindness, while beyond the important discovery which he believed he had to make in connection with them, he wished that Sadie and his child should know and learn to love each other. Amy was glal enough to go anywhere with her father, and I fear her love of study was not so great as to make her very deeply regret the loss of her morning governess, who, feeling her services would no longer be required, bade her an affec tionate adieu. 'And I shall have no lessons to learn,' - she exclaimed, eagerly, to her father, as she told him of Miss Budd's departure; ' won't it be delightful ?' 'What ? to grow up an ignorant girl ? The ladies I am going to take you to are, I believe, hIighly accomplished. Surely you would wish to be like them, and not make me asshamed of you when you are a woman, Amy ?' 'Oh, dear no; I want you to love, and be proud of me, papa, and I will learn ever so hard. But are the ladies.pretty, papa ?' 'No; two of them are quite old, and the other is sweet and:.nice, but I don't. know that I should call' her pretty.' 'Then you are not going to.marry one of them, papa? Miss Budd said perhaps : you were.' SMiss Budd should mind her own busi ness,' returned the lawyer, sharply, while his face flushed, 'and mind you don't talk any nonsense of that kind at Tynemouth; if you do I shall never take you on a trip with me :gain.' A stern observation that convinced the' child that Tynemouth was either a very: delightful or a very dreadful place.: He had written to announce his inten tion of coming; had even telegraphed the. arrival of the train, and therefore when the: fly, containing himself and daughter, arrived at Priory 'House, he did expect to. See someone at the windows, waiting to : receive him. But. bhe. was mistaken, and the house bell was rang twice before Martha came to open the door. i 'Oh, it's you come, is it ?' .she asked, throwring the door. .open.; impatiently. I' We're :in nice ; trouible. and. you're just so.in ..the .,:midst of it. And' the poor. little girl; wbat wve'll do with her the Lcrd knows, I don't.' Si''Why,.,what's the matter? ?ihere is Miss Sadie ? Tell her I have come and brought my little girl to her; she is well, isn't slte?': , 'Yes, she is well enough, thank the Lord ; but my. lady got a shock two hours ago, and the doctor's been with her ever since. And Miss Sadie's in an awful state, because it's through her reading the paper that it hIappened. But come in; don't stand there in the cold,' and she led the way into the large sitting-room, in whlich Willoughby Shrapnell had already spent three or four days of his life. Amy followed, wondering in utter un reason, as only a child can wonder, if this were an enchanted palace, and this old woman was the witch or wicked fairy that was to order them about and rule even her father, for whom she had almost as' much pride as love. A few minutes after a meek-faced,' blue-eyed little Quakeress caime into the' room, and taking the astonished child iri' her arms, kissed her gravely as she said :: 'Thou art welcome, my.dea'r aris'I hope thou wilt learn to love me.'" : ' This is the good fairy,' thought Ariy. 'How funnily she talks; but I like tier,' and she returned tlhe kiss,:an action whichi seemed like a compact of love between them. SYou have not even.spoken to me, Miss Sadie,' said Mr, Shrapnell, hblding out his hand. At whlichthe little lady gave him hers with a blush, but withdrew it again alhmost in:tanily. Maltha tells me your sister is ill,' he said, with an air of sympathy. Yes,' sadly, ' and Miriam says it is my fault, but I dlid not know. I read some thing out of the newspaper that comes every day for you. I thought it would in iterest her; but she screamed, and seemed to go into convulsions. We have had the doctor hlere ever since.' ' Is she better ?' 'A little; but it is very terrible, and if it is truite, as I suppose it is, it will be awful. I doubt if she will ever recover.' ' \Vhat is it? Perhaps I can help you.' SI fear not; but it is in the newspaper, and therefore it cannot be one of the secrets that Miriam is so careful about. My sister Cara's son Godfrey has been murdered.' 'Yes, I have heard of it. I thought when I mentioned his name that either he was no relative of yours, or you did not know of his death.' 'Ah, you knew of it, and you knew him ?' 'Yes, I knew of his death, and I knew him but slightly. I suppose there cannot be a doubt of hIis being dead ?' 'So the papers say, and a man is to be tried for killing him. I don't understand it all. I didn't even know that sister Cara had a son until today, Mliriam has managed us all, you know,' with a glance at the door and a shiver, 'and I have been treated like a child all the days of my life.' And tears came down into the meek blue eyes; it was the first time in her life that she had ever thought or ventured on a complaint against her sister's unob trusive tyranny. 'Never mind, you've got me now,' said Amy Shapnell, nestling up to her side as though she were making a valuable present of herself; 'and papa will take care of both of us, won't you dear?' with her old-fashioned way as though she were almost his equal in age. 'Yes, if I may,' replied her father, in a low tone. But Sadie Sloecombe seemed not to hear the words, though her face deepened to a rosy red, for she put her arm round the child and led her away to her own room on the other side of the house to those occupied by her father. A pretty room, though simple almost to severity, but for the vase of flowers, rare at this time of the year, which stood on the little table near the window. The room faced the sea, and there were two beds in it, a large and a smaller one, the latter evidently a new importation. 'I thought you would rather be in my room than have one all to yourself, dear,' she said as she began to unloosen the child's hat and travelling dress. 'Yes, I am afraid to sleep alone': I don't believe in bogies though, do you ?' ! Certainly not.' -But when I sleep alone, I fancy mamma comes and stands by my bedside and it frightens me.' 'The idea should not frighten.you, Amy; if your mamma could come it would be because she loves you; but you must be hungry, I hope Martha has got something nice for your dinner.' And then she took the child back to her father and went into the kitchen to see what Martha had prepared for the travellers, before going back to the sick room in which the doctor was still staying with his patient. Conscious, but very quiet, the blind lady lay, not in bed but on the couch where they had placed her, but as Sadie entered the room, light as her step was, she heard and turned her sightless face towards her. 'Come here, child, she said in tones of authority, and with the excitemenit' and agitation that half-an-hour before con vulse" her subdued or driven away. Sadie obeyed her, placing her hand in that of the sufferer as though to assure her of her love and sympathy. 'You never told me a falsehood in your life, Sadie, and you will tell ime the truth now, sister, will you not ?' 'Thou mayst be sure of it,' 'I am sure of it. Where is .my son and my daughter, and my husband 7-Miriam told me they all died many years ago, dur ingmy illness in which I.became: blind; but it is not true, is it?': : 'Alas, I know not. That was twenty years ago, and I was but a child. :Sister Miriam bade me ask. no questions, when as ofteri happened I asked why thou wouldst insist upon being, called .'my lady.' . But Miriam here interposed. :.- : 'Knowest thou not ihere is a ctrairger by; be silent.' The doctor took the hint, though his curiosity was aroused, and promising to call the next morning left the house, jealously followed to the door by Miriam; then she returned to her blind sister's room, her teeth set, her eyes flashing; the explanation she had dreaded and. hoped: to avoid through life must come, had come at last. The power which she had; wielded for twenty years was to be wrung from her grasp, and worse than this, the falsehood : which pride and belief in her own judgment had tempted her to utter, would be unmasked and laid bare before the eyes of those whose respect and.good opinion she most coveted. .::.".( :;::: It was useless shrinking from the ordeal, now it had come. : . .:. :i, :.' She was a brave: woman and resolute, even though she might mistake her way in life, and she went backinow, :to what .to her was worse than.death with aii unfalter ing step. - - - As she opened the door of- her. blind sister's room she heard her saying to Sadie.: , ' Of .course;I' insisted upon being called * 'my lady,'for am I not Lady Carew ?' ' : : CHAPTER XXXI.,::'- .'- : : -: '.No,.: thou ;artt ioti Iady 'Carew,' said Miriam ,Sloecombe, Iwalking. intto the: presence of her two sisters, and addressing the blind one.:-. -. .-,.-:-- ...;es '': Thy hu~sbaid repudiated thee, saidthou hadst odeceived him and:wert nbo wife of his,' she continued, 'in words. such as.:my lips would shrink. from iidtiei ing.; I could, not - prove thy marriage with him if I would, ..and, .I. would cot have done it if I.-'could, i for I despised .him and his paltry pride, aiid<I let him go away and take the child -with hnim, telling thee when thou. cohldst ?ask for them and thy eyes had closed, 'as tliiE doctors said, forever on the beauty.of "this world, that they were dead.' It was a lie, and has lain heavy on my conscience arid comfort, and to save us all frmi op'een shame and disgrace.' . . -:. . ' : ' ! And they are not dead ?' starting up to a. sitting posture' on the couch; ' and thoui hast dared to keep them fromr ite all these years.': She always relapsed into theu Quaker phraseology when she was excited. "'Dared ' repeated Miriam, with a daring contempt. 'Aye, and I have dared to wreck my happiness through life, and that girl's,' pointing to Sadie, 'to hide thy sin and shame, and the disgrace thou hast brought upon our name, and then thou talkest to me of daring,' and she laughed while her slight form seemed to be dilated, almost majestic, with indignant passion. Receiving no answer to her torrent of words, she went on : 'For the shame thou hast brought upon us, and yet because I loved thee, I condemned myself to be husbandless and childless, and stained my soul with another lie, for I told the man who ten years ago would have married Sadie, that she loved another.' 'Thou didst ?' exclaimed the younger sister, starting to her feet and catching her by the arm, her face all aflame with agitation; ' and it was ?' ' Charles Selwyn ' was the reply, but in a strangely humbled tone; ' that was my greatest crime, the one that will stand black before me in the last day; canst thou forgive me, Sadie? Cara I never wronged, but thee I robbed of what some women might have cared but little for, but to thee would have been dearer than the breath of life.' And the proud old woman sank on her knees before her youngest sister. ' Nay, sister, humble not thyself to me, for I forgive thee freely,' said Sadie, lifting her to her feet and embracing her 'perhaps it was well that all happened as it did, but I am glad to know he loved me. He has a wife and children now, and I forgave his seeming fickleness long ago,' and she kissed her eldest sister tenderly; it seemed so strange for her to have anything to forgive to one who had always com manded her respect and obedience. For the moment they had forgotten the blind woman, but she recalled them to consciousness of her existence abruptly. 'Shame! disgrace ' she repeated dubiously, as though trying to grasp the meaning of the words: 'Who dares utter such things to me ? I have been unhappy and unfortunate, but I know neither shame nor disgrace, and my husband and child, where are they ? Tell me, or I will go out into the world and seek them myself.' 'Calm thyself, Cara,' said Miriam, sternly, 'Twenty years have gone by since thy husband, as thou callest him, left thee, and the money he placed in a bank for thee hath remained there still untotuched. I had not let him take the child with him, but I knew not what to do with it, and thou wast blind-and thy mind was wandering.' ' Why don't you say I was mad ?' 'I might say so with truth; and then thou grewest calmer, and knew not how time had passed, 'twas kinder to make thee think they were dead, than that they had deserted thee.' Perhaps, but who knows; tell me all. I am not mad now, and time has taken off the keen edge of suffering; where are my children ?' 'I know not.' Ah ! What said my husband when he left me ?' 'You forget it all ?' 'I scarcely know; have I been married twice ?' 'Yes, but your first husband had a wife living, and you were but seventeen when you ran away and married him, knowing nothing about her.' 'Ah ! something of the kind comes back to my mind, but tell me; it is all so far away, and so dim.' 'Sit down, Sadie, also. Thou wert away two years, and in that time our father and mother died, and Sadie and I were left alone, she a child in my care. I was eight and twenty, and she but eight years old. When one day thou camest into the house, a babe on thy breast, and a little toddling child by thy side. ' They are fatherless, and I am husbandless,' was thy cry, and remembering thou wert my sister, had not willingly sinned, but be lieved thyself a lawful wife, I had com passion upon thee, and received thee back as a sister, stipulating only for thy good name and ours, that the children should be sent away and brought up among strangers. 'Aye, and I consented; unnatural mother that I was l' groaned the blind woiman. . , The secret was kept,' continued her sister, 'h1it I could not go to a man's b6me as his wife, bearing such a burden on my mind. ':' I could nottell it and let him despise both-thee and me, so I told John Bartlett I coijld not mariry him, that I would never marry, and I kept my *vord.' - !Butitime went on; we were the three Misses Slbec6mb'e, though Sadie was still but young, when Sir John Carew, a man old enough to be our father, cornme to lodge with us, our house being large as now, rind our income small.' ' Once again, without consulting friend or relative, thou wentest away and got married, at least, thou and he said so, in the letter which thou wrote me, and again I lost thee for more than two years. At the end ofthat time thou and he came back again, professed much love, and broihght a child with thee, which was thy third, and when I asked if he knew of the bther two, thou saidst no, aid thou did not dihre to tell him.' ' Aye.;- if I had dared at the;proper time,'i.moaned? tIe blirid woman; 'but then iti; a s' bboo late.' . Yes, it was too late, and he found it out,? :and his' rage was not the rage of a man butof a wild animal. I remember him as though it happened yesterday; hisi rage and indignation seemed to drive thee mad and wild, and the elements without were as terrible as a man's wrath within. The lightning flashed, the thunder roiled as though it would tear the cliffs asunder, and cast them into the sea, and scarce knowing what thou didst, thou rushed firom the house towards the shore. Only a few steps didst thou go, however, thou wert struck down by lightning, and when thou wert cairidd into this room, we thbught it was'to die.' ' Thy sight was quite gone, arid Sir Johnh Carew, though softened and calmed from his.first anger, said thou wert no wife of his, t-ihi?at tihou hadst deceived him, and fihvwould publicly shame thee if thou tried to lay claim to him.' . I "mnyself.could but blame thee; I ki?ew not wh'ere thouwert married, and wh?en he Went away taking his child with him, I offered no word.of protest. For yearu thy memory left thee, arind when:thou couldst thin6k and speak reasonably I told thee tithey were all dead, as in very truth td'thee they weretso.' SBut my .children, what became of the'mi? Their fate troubles me most.' Si;know riot; as I told thee, I have only seeithein? a few times since the day, thirty years ago, they were sent from this houie. Till a.few years ago, I sent money fortheir maintenance regularly, but after that the people failed to write for the remittance; they were old enough to take care of themselves, and we were not rich, so I have heard nothing.of them.' 'Poor children,' sighed their mother; 'theirs has been a hard lot, and all through their fathers sin; what name were they known by, Miriam ?' 'Their own, Godfrey and Martha Sloe. combe.' 'Ah ! then that was my son who was murdered.' 'I fear so. I heard of him at the time as a man of learning, but of the girl I only know she caused those who adopted her great pain, and went the way good women do not go.' 'Perhaps her temptations were great.' 'The Lord only knows! Now, what more wouldst thou?' 'Justice 1.I am Sir John Carew's wife. \We were married at Morpeth, but the name of the church I forget, and he has wronged me in leaving me these years a burden upon you.' 'Nay, he provided for thee, Cara, but I would touch it hot, and the money is in the bank still.' 'Then it is money to fight with. I thought all my children were dead, but I am amother again. They live. Find me a man of law as honest as may be. I shall never rest again till I am justified.' But the world may know it,' objected Miriam, 'and for Sadie's sake, who may yet marry, we should pause to think how our good namre may be breattled upon.' TO BE CONTINUED. 