LEONARD LINDSAY; THE STORY OB, OF A BUCCANEER. SYNOPSIS OF P&KVIOUS; CHAPTERS.: AXtrUS B. EE ACE. leonard Lindsay, the narrator of this story of the •eventeenth century, introduces himself to tho reader the son of ftFi lie fisherman, smw tnkeirto the aea as his profession, and in l^SjwStto fwentyyoaJB*. of age, lag 'ifthlOTC ' Jut" .'the Oolden Grove for a Meditamaeto- • jroyejfe. While in the Say of B : seay lieoittsrfrom aloft in a gale, the ship 1 * fare-topgtet Bern? etmedaway. On this he supports himsSJXtqr a,asy two till picked up by ft piratical French felucca Ixrand for the West Indies; HnttiBg- that the captain of this veasci n.eaos to sell him as asiayg, he, With tiieassistance of an English sailor named Wright, (exiled on account of the part he bad taken in the etocntion of Charles I.), escapes with atw>B and proin a small boat when the felucca nears the Ainericancoast. lie comes across a "Buccaneer" •etHementin t≠ to warn it of«a"inipendtng attack fcomt&e; Spaniards, which is repolsttL Hejoina the neuter brotliei-liooil, uuof '^bois in many JSaghshmen, And meets with many aiaiige adventnees. While Jjeonard is away on a canoe expedition, -the Speiish retum, attack and capture the settlement after a severe battle, and completely route and iispeise theBucaneers. CHAPTER VL SOW TTTT. DEADLY FEVBB OF THB COAOT FASTENS oa Such was the history of the treacherous Spanish attack which destroyed the settle' ment of the Marmousette. Our .first care Was to learn how the party we had met in -with were .armed, and great was ppr delight, to find that the Indiana «ai?ried two gun apiece, nearly all the mnskets in the village tuning bean brought into the woods. Besides there was abundance of apmumilaoa. After a short consnltation, it wafe determined to take the' canoe, and alth&igfr; our nnjnber would somewhat Overload her, to cross to/thelglifrer side of the'-bay, where we had more 'wggjfcy agaimtWlnf molested. Waving therejpire , carefully locked to our pieces,. we <&wbered.Jdowit; &»>. bank, and •tending, bythe canoe, unanimously invested flbnrir -Jem "^irith die cdmwana of the «sj>edition: • As • the Indians ' used the peddles most dexterously, 'they were set CO work to propel 'usj and with Stout Jem forsteersmati we set Oift.' Qn our way I began '£> experience a drowsiness, which t had before tfelt,' but immediately ajbfgoked. Now, however, the sensation, jutemnting! indeed te one pf impending stupor, began again to overpower me. My "" ' " my chest, «n{L,Iiad little •tied deefc iu-Wiich curious and odd ^popiflpiations of £'into niy wh<$ WM^WMto* eveffijrnTTffljfo fled .away, so tiufc^ jgi^jubt: fat, wb&^jK^been iteam- >nt before. " Allihistime I Mjngjed toqpeik, J seemed 4o 'io say, feat some&ing; ^e and Epfc'to' mote', and' aH Itt . -T T" • . ._ r_ oo'rby on the thorn-bash 'gtapnelTJ • rdinary speech .the Englishitumed sharp round to me, •tinoe It tfjiM jteapthe JLtUufi menin the U^Stput *-•----- ^oo asked what! — meant. - At his me> an(jj ieJt inyself blnshing up to the roots of my Mir, and wondering what I had said, fori BBBtembored not a word.' ** Here," said Stout Jem, kindly," swallow f&B;, my gpod"boy; and ho held me a great 4 fcak of spirits. 4 You have been breathing ijver-much marsh fog on an empty Stomach, but^you'll live tojmy off Jack 'jtltook tfce'ilask and held it to,ijiy head,. . iiib^ wiAi^Lj the gnaip; jwrfhern bottle" ajppeare&io; s well and langttifi«i,uiitil it seemed »®UnchBonwhichIheld. A curious nervous ftS^g camecrawling overmy limbs, and my lieBttlh grew lUck, and my eyes <lmi. The fiat taste • the brandy bonlshecl these senat&ma; t and the cordial marVeUousIy restored aw. • Ton- •must eat somewhat when we go -•dtOCBj'*' said-Kicky, ''l am ravenous; and ^ n '-we wil^ consult on whbt we ean do to . Wtopur iftvenge," ' - no; no eat,V said Bine Peter, the ljtfcguito Indian; " sleep i^osh, sleep good, Mk^e pipe, and.sleep coolaMlong." ^Botl xelt so much better that 1 fully inft^ed tpnu^e a ijood dinner. "We landed mjQBB ot the bushy coves which abound in th<i : Of Me MartnonsetteV ' and which , «Bad nOtbe seen by the Spaniards on the ofiier bauk. Stout Jem then despatched the ZodSansto hunt, and ordered die xest of the jNjftjr to aid r 5n bnilding a hut. Nicky and flBywlf, ' however, were so - weak from «int of food, that we were ezcosed; «Zk3 the Dutchman, having Bome biscuits •qd smoked beef in his p xsket, generously •Win' ns enough to make a good meal, l&tntime;, Stout Je:n, Biack "Diamond, and Mnnheer were 'actirely at work. They had ivb liatohets and their long" knives, and with tbfiSp they felled and prepared sufficient wood for &eir; jgirjjose, driving stakes into the firth, andintor weaving leafy branches, with -Ae skill of'en>erienoed foresters.. Kicky and I were thsn setto work to pnll a quantity of «o«iBe lon^r grass which grew upon the beach, -for lwds; and one'of the Mosquito men re • tmmng, lie kindled a fixe, and beggtin to cook tte ftinflqnartgr of a fine boar whieh he had dbbt in tne ^wood. • Meantime I was plucking ft" jprass, W>!nietimes sitting 'by the seaside, f(te I felt we ik and ilL The food I had eaten IB' no ref i-'e-sHmsut. My temples throbbed •ttoaigely, nod my skin was fevered and . dry. Then these horrible wandering thoughts bcgran to come again, and I squeezed my bead with my hani«, as though I could thus 4nve them "Ut. Sometimes I thought I felt the hot marsh vapour sickening the w; then the sea- breeze fanning rde, I would fapr the clnthes from my chest, and pit "back my long dank hair to let tiis blessed <-ool wind play freely on me and «o6l my see King blood. AQ at oiice I Saw, under the shade of a fpeoipa tree, a tall stout man, who stood MMftjonless, and watchednie.' Deeming him a Spaniard, I woidd haire Bhouted but, but nqy tongiie refused toBofey me, and turning bot and dry, rattled as-it were against m; teeth, whil - no sound but a low hiss could! juwii. Still the figure stood there; and now I .saw a glimmer as of a naked weapon -which it held. The sun being now setting. Us rays came slanting down, and one of these quivering through the trees fell full upon the face of the stranger, and I saw that it was Walshe, with his great eyes glaring at n<\ just as they glared when the Aark rose in the mangrove canal, and palled him down teneath his crunching teeth. I stood trembling and tiring to pray. TSe features were livid and blue, and the «y©8 sunk and expressionless, yet hornMy bright. Just at this moment one of the last puffs, of the seabreeze shook the trees around, and the snnlight falling in a different stream, and chequered by other branches upon the appearax*ce, the face gradually seemed to change, featuro after feature melted away, until the countenance of the unfortunate was gone, and, instead of it, there eetnained the massive features and pensive gravity of my preserver on board the Frenchman—Wright. Just then the weapon, which I bad formerly observed to glitter, moved, and 1 saw the figure heave up a great broad axe on one hand, and point to it with the ot|)er. It was, indeed, the regicide, with the <mrt)lem and the instrument of his deed. Makinj? a sudden effort, I burst the leaden bonds which seemed to confine me, and with a'strange courage, rushed forward. As I did the phantom grew dimmer and dimmer, add when I . placed my hand upon its I felt but the gnarled bark of the genipa breast o tree, whilst the axe, at the same instant, seemed to become a branch with clustering foliage dancing in the wind. I grew directly sick and faint. 4 " Oh, my God!" I murmured, 4 1 am going mad! My brain is whirling, and my eyBe make me see things which are not!" and «p I sank upon the ground and sobbed. Presently, I was somewhat better, and I manned mjBelf. " It is but a feverish attack," I 4 thought. 4 1 will return and try to sleep." It was, however, with some difficulty that I azxived at the hut. My limbs felt as if loaded \- with lead, and the pain of an intense headwent like hot iron wires into my brain. Wfaen I reached our halt-finished abode, I everything through a a.jit ut haze, and T the voices at my ear appeared to come from miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward side of the hat, and after that I remember little more of what happened during three nights and tliree days. Ofily I know that my sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to ramble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, I would seem to be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. The sun would shine, and the corn rustle, and the yellow broom by the burnie's bank3 smell sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could speak to none. I saw my mother sitting on a sandy kuowe, resting her head upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. But when I would embrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancy I was at 'sea; sometimes it was in tne old fisher-boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the boat would lie moveless as though nailed to the unstirring sea. Suddenly my father's eyes would look into nine with a long wan stare, and so would we ait glaring at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, and years, and ages, would appear to come and go and bring no change. Anou the mood would alter. Then. I was on board the old brig Jean Livingstone, with a merry breeze and a blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay would seem under our lee, with the ruined towers of abbeys and churches rising over the green links, and fading from our sight as we worked gallantly seawards. But the scene would straightway change to a furious storm in a mid-winter night, with the foam of the sea and the snow-flakes flying together. Then round the light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, staring into mine—faces with shaggy, antique beards like .the ancient sailors of Sir Patxick Spens, lopg, long sleeping in the wild North Seat; .and so surrounded by these fishy eyes' of hapless dro raed~ mariners, I would feel the good brig . seem to founder beneath my feet, so that I would start struggling up from my bed of grass, crying out that ! was drowning—that the boiling waves were choking me! This was my seasoning fever, as they !calledit; and, though it did not last long— jthanks to the' good treatment and the medicinal herbs of the Mosquito men—it left me 'passing, weak and helpless." I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from ithe stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been ieut close, and my head was tied round 'with' freshly-plucked plaintain leaves, constantly drenched with wateri I 'lay upon . blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was * reasonably ~ clean and fresh. The v^tUed lfot was o^en. tothe breeze! on every side, and'as it con-* tained but one bed more, T guessed that it; had been given up for my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Looking around, I saw several pots, pans,. baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover some of the wreck of their.property from the ruins of their habitations. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious languor, and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever had thcrongMy left me. and I felt thankful and devoutly^glacL PrtjseQtl^ I distinguished" th£' -wfeu-known smflT^f^the smouldering' lire' o| "thfe Soacaa floafnag into ' the hut, and soon afte^wards^ Ni&gr.;, with ; bare arms laud grimed Jumds, enterdd; hiB : eyes sparkled when he saw ine 'so inuch recovered, and' presently' caUin^ the rest ' together, they ali shook hands *mth me, and ' me tobe of good clleOT, for I ha& fore« reached on the '^riarsh feverj and would toon ' be quite heariry; An3 so, "inde6d, it wa£. I grew very hungry, and,' being well fed, regained my strength fast, so that, two or three days after -the fever left my blood, I was abroad sniffing the cool breezes of the sea. " Except two men—both French—who had joined when I was ill, none of the survivors of our original party had turned up; some of them had no doubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to ' the' eastward, as, indeed, many previously intended; but we feared that upwards of one-half of our cotiir&de;^ wer& either captives, who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cuba, or had alrea'dy-^-and the fate of these latter was more to be envied— died with their wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some .time after my recovery, and the rest of the party bring engaged in the usual toil hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat bythe boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down towards the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from the north-west across the ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant, I prepared a mast with a small lug sail, such as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scene of the late contest. 'I found nearly every trace ef a settlement destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the. ruins of the shattered hats, great crops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which they found in abundance aiuidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading, tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor comrades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their departure, which happened on the day after I'- was attacked with, fever, all our party had gone across the' hay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beneath tjie mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains to carve a deep cross; for, though the symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt and idolatrous church, still I felt that in the wilderness it might bear a truer and a wider meaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covercd the graves of Christian men. ; p ^ A -v ' r ' CHAPTER Vn. THE BUCCA3IEEBS TTRE OP THE IIFE ON SH0BE, AND DETERMINE TO GO AGAIN TO SEA.. Searching about the place, I often discovered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, harpoous for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas; and twice I dug up from the ruins boxes containing seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these trunks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch ns I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of the greatest sendee to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them kzew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably pleasantly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boucan prepared for them at the village on the east side of the bay, having passed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragglers from our old company had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attacks of the Spaniards, and the utter ruin of the settlement, adding, very probably, that they were the sole survivors of the massacre. It, therefore, became a question with us what to do. The Frenchmen were for journeying along the coast to the westward, and then, watching an opportunity to go across to Tortugas ; but Stout Jem told them they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his own countrymen had something to say in matters, an opinion which the rest of the English, as well as the Dutclimcn and the Indians, who do not love the French, joined in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, were very good fellows, on this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jem to the death. "Say you so, my boys?" cried the Dover 4 mariner. 4 Then so be it; and what I propose is this. Here be nine stout men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruined by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again." This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft his hat. ' ; We have had enough of the shore this 4 bout, mates," quoth he. 4 1 want to hear the wind whistle through tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet." 4 4 Yah, yah," said the Hollander. 4 4 We zaal be Zee Hoovers oneo more;" and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be following a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing them ; and, although I had always cheerfully taken my turn to watch the boucan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, and I -would pint for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, he was that easy kind of going man, that he Seemed to care very little whether he was on land er sea. He worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and then rose merrily next day to go through the same routine. But Stout Jem, who was the life and soul, as well as the captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of fhe weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buccaneering trick for easing of their cargoes the treasure-6hips of the Dons. But before we could go to sea, we must have a vessel; and saving the canoe, which was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as unprovided as though we lived on the top of a mountain. There was nothing therefore for it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards should corrie in a ship to us, that is to say, in such a small ship as we could master, and afterwards manage. We might indeed have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering ou the coast; bat being acquainted with each other well, we referred in the first place to - capture such a small craft as we could man,' afterwards making such additions to our - crew as might from time to time be resolved In the meanwhile, we continued to hunt nd prepare the flesh of wild cattle and boars," so that we should have a good , stock of proisions -when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I 'have said, always "fonder of water than land, I often induced the Mosquito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expeditions. and if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, they will purposely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, he made no objections to my accompanying him And his comrade in many of their, expeditions. . We used to start before sunrise. Bins Peter in the bows of the canoe and'Jack in the 8tern, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in the "bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can. paddle so silently, swiftly, and ; surely as the Indians on the Mosquito ooast. They hold the shaft of the paddle almost upright, never 'touching the gunwale therewith, or splashing rudely in the' water. On the contrary, the broad part of the paddle dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glided with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so that, did you not observe how fast the, waterripples by, you would hardly think yon" were moving at all. When pursuing the manatee, our usual game, the . head of the canoe was turned up the creek to the higher basks, where the shore, 'was sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their dismal groves, and where the watergradusdlybecoming brackish and muddy, there is found floating and waiving. from the > hanks, the long narrow-bladed grass en which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for himself, that he has tender white flesh, tasting like : veal, and that his skin makes very goodthongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use ifor divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in the warm muddy 'water, nibbling theetreaminggrass, as thelazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and anxiously jerking his stupid-looMng head, if a- ' cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or a squatting flock of " wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, .must sabmit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to the feedinsr-ground which he loves, the Indians would paddle with double cautien, and Blue Peter, whe was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of. which is fast to the b ibwood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the creature's flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and.the line rapidly unwinding, from the bobwood, as the stricken creature dives in its agony and fear. The Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized 1 it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I shall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and giided. silently along the green shore, from which the mist of the night was lifting and rolling in white clouds far up the mountains. After long skirting the mangrove wood, we turned from the main channel ir>to a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe's bow, her mould was so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blow, and the sun came down scorchingly upon the tangled wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, clear oil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tang-led heap of soaking grass and weeds. The kneeling- Indian crouched as if he were a graven imasre of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, spluttering s^und as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outstretched; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slantingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, and raising his right arm, with all the muscles swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre ef the moving weeds. Instantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the canoe rocked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw disappearing- in the water the broad brown back of a creature as large as a cow. Blue Peter, the instant he struok, sank again upon his knees, and snatching up the paddle, prepared to move. Meantime I could see nothing 6f the harpoon, for it had been carried under water. The Mosquito men then talked to each other in their own tengue, pointing to the direction in which the manatee appeared to have dived, and then began to paddle lustily. About five minutes mipht have elapsed, wbeu Blue Peter exelaimed, "Hoi—therpl" and pointed. I, j looking in the same direction, descried the staff of the harpoon seeming to fly along the surface of the water, the round bobwood throwing up a foam 2ft. high. Then the Mosquito-men pulled hard in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. The muscles of their naked arms and chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts "cracked, and the canoe seemed at every stroke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the-harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never see either harpoon or quarry; but, on a sudden, the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the. staff, and began to pull upon the line. Immediately that the wounded creature .felt the smart, it started again. I 'saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the canoe; but, in a moment, Jack, who* held the steering-paddle,' swept'' die bo'ws' round in the direction teken bv the manatee, while Bine Peter fastened the Jinw to the prow of the canoe. There was' a' jerk or two, though not so much as I expected, and straightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of an hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed past us—anon changing his course go suddenly, th&t-;'-had not the canoe been steered with perfect skill he would-have draggedus under water; Than, his strength be - ginning to ebb from him fast, we hauled upon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening ,the .water. I pitied the poor creature, as he put his head above the surface, and grunted and moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside t>f the carcass," Blue Peter passed his long knife around itsthroat, and after one or two struggles and - plunges, the manatee turned over upon its' back, dead. We towed him ashore, and- "securing him to a tree, presently paddled off • in search of more game of the same sort; ' But upon the whole, I better loved our fishing expeditions than the hunt of the mat&tee.; The poor defenceless brute always inspired me witu pity. There is a meekness about his face which moves one. He makes no attempt to turn to bay or show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly" as a scalf, and the haunts .lie loves "are the : jnuddy and unwholesome canals among the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rpwed down the bay to the. rocky points and ledges of reef which formed the Outer- Tnost horns of the lagoon. There the clear, Hue sea, spangled by the merry strength of the sea-breeze, stretched illimitably out, and the everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up' among the rocks, iiow and-then giving the bushesa taste qf the savour of brine. It was in the stittpoqls and channels, formed by break waters of ^ock.thal the canoe was then navigated. Let "the seabreeze be Wowing, and the surging swells be tossing in, as hard and fast as they might, there was always calm water behind the reefs—so calm and so clear ! I might think that I was looking into the swirlings of our tront-pool in tho Balwearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange Bea-weeds at the bettom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff against the rough coral edges; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary burst upon the ' outside reef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. ' Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he would note every scollop in the edgeof the jagged sea-weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed. of white sand, and his long thin fish-spear darting occasionally down into the flood to be straightway drawn, bending and quivering, back with a noble fish, writhing aud floundering, ' impaled upon the barbs. Always upon these expeditions -1 kept a good lookout seaward, and- often mounted pinnacles of rock that I might haVe the better view. Oiice or twice I saw a sail, apparently set on board a small vessel slipping quickly down to the westward, or beating painfully to windward; but the barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of their character or country. During the period of my sojourn in Hispaniola it was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut—that which was first constructed, aud which was pi an ample bigness. Here, seated round a 'great chest, which served for a table,' we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of the rich palm wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventures. The hut .being -only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary, lamp to waver and flicker, and not unfrequently putting it out altogether. We sat upon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a 'parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted ; and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head and commander of our party, sat on a kind of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted on their hams, aud speaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for. money, of which we had none, .but for the carcasses of the cattle which we had killed' and flayed; but as the play was always fair and the dice true, it was generally fouud that no one either lost or gained muchiu the long run. It was, however, the ^story-telling nights I loved the best. Many of f the tales then told were indeed very vulgar and common, and unworthy of being recorded, turning solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sea, and - upon great seasons of debauch, after a successful cruise, in Tortugait or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were told of ghosts and omens, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many snch histories both at this time and afterwards, and I design to insert one here, not because I think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no ICSB eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an uncultivated seaman, he had a good flow. Stout Jem called his hrstory 14 The Legend of Foul- Weather Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIII. THE LEGEND OF FOUL-WEATIIEE DON. Stout Jem told it thus :— " My story, mates, is a strange one, and I say not whether it be true or false. I heard it in the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who told it to us, said, that when he was a boy he sailed with the man to whom the thing happened, in a big ship which hailed from Bristol. That the spirits of the dead walk the world — ay, and sail the seas —is a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible mariners and brave and sober men have assured me of things which have made my marrow creep, and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh. Well, then, about this story. The man to whom the adventure happened, was by name Ned Purvis, a mariner. It must be nigh sixty years ago since he sailed out of the port of London on a trading voyage to the coast of Guinea. Purvis was then a vounker, there being little better than a year since he had followed the sea, and this was his first voyage abroad; ho having undertaken i in the ship of his uncle, a good old man, of a mild disposition, and well loved of the crew. As for Ned Purvis, he was a reckless ruffling hUde, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a -quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and grreatly loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to traffic for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks of Africa. 4 4 Having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until the seventh day from that in which they saw 'the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through -the water and no more, for the breeze was but a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in rit,' so close aboard that you might toss a ; biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that lalinost ftll the men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside; and ;.yet no one had seen her approaching. 'But ' strange as that was, comrades, it was not so strange as the cut of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in her. The stem and stern of the craft were very high, and ended in curled bits of carved wood. Her gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in snch a way as you may have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in England and France, and the Low Countries, being very artificial . work -done with gravers and chiseir. tr : -—.'i- " Ned Purvis rememueieti afterward*, when he saw a great Spa^tshJ painting of r Christopher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola,. that the admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion, of that of which I am now telling you. And the man, mates, looked as old as his boat. He had on a high .conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore . a grave-coloured doublet, of an -' old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Round "his neck was a stiff ruff. He had red stocking?, and great bunches of ribbon in his shoes. The face of this strange person was severe and grave. He had no moustachois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and then he smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was ' that of a bitter sneer; and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the captain, When he saw this queer cruiser, seemed' fascinated, and gazed upon" him, as you may have ,see^ small liirds on the boughs gazo at snakes, whose eyes glitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the iioat .waved bis arm; as a signal to those on board to take himin. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain oould prevent him, Ned flung' a rope to the stranger, who straightway Caught hold of it and mounted on deck. "' Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. " The oldman comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth he— " 4 In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship f' 4 4 Now, at the name of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange man started and shook; but he replied not, only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. 44 4 Men, ' said the. old mariner, faintly, 4 he will not be denied; get his boat aboard.' But the" crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, but put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. 4 4 ' Who are yonf' said he, ' and why shouldwe take you or your boat aboard?' " ' You yourself asked me,' quoth the strange man; 4 yon flung the rope ; but for that I should have floated past yon. I never come but where some one welcomes me.' " Now, at this, Ned Purvis confessed tiiat he felt like a great smner, and all the iiien turned round and looked first at him and then at the stranger. " But Nod, plucked np courage, and. deterinined to give them all bold words. So he walked up to the stranger, and said— " 4 Well, I did heave you a rope ; no true- hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but oiir duty in saving you; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and we defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders most be obeyed.' 4 4 And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as fonl with barnacles and sea-weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group round the cabin, but they could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. 44 4 Newy !' says the old man, 4 know you whom you have brought aboard into this ship?' 44 4 Why, uncle,' answered Ned, somewhat taken aback at this address, 4 ought we not to take aboard any man we find starving in a boat upon the ocean, mors thj,n a week's sail from land ?' ' Ay, nevvy,' quoth the old captain, 4 any man, but not any -phantom; it is more than a hundred years since tho passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man !' 44 4 Do yon know him then, uncle?' says Ned; ' have you ever' seen him before ?' 4 4 4 Ay, boy,' replied the old mariner; 4 once, when I was a youth, he boarded a ship in which I sailed, as he did ours today.' 44 4 And-what did he?' asked the young sailor, his heart fluttering within him. 41 4 Raised storms,' said the elder Purvis, solemnly ; 4 raised a tempest such as I never saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to see again.' 41 4 Then, in the name of God," says Ned, clenching his fists, 4 as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and I'll begin with his boat first.' And so saying, he began to make fast a tackle to the curled prow. 44 4 Hold, hold !' said Captain Purvis : 4 he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' " ' But who—who. in the devil's name, is he, uncle?' shouted Ned. 44 4 He is a restless phantom—a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. 4 He was a cruel captain of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought great cruelties to the natives, and even to his fellowcountrymen , amassing thus a great treasure, which he buried in one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ; at length tHiis seemed to have arrived, and in a stout vessel he set sail for the treasure island; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon him, and having partially recovered, he found his memory so gone that he could not recal to his mind any signs by which he knew either the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and weeks among tiie cluster called the Virgin Is'es, to the east of Porto Rico—never sleeping, so they said who sailed with him, but always standing en the highest yard, gazing wistfully for his treasure he had buried. At length his crew lost patienee, and insisted upon returning to Hispaniola; at this he fell iuto furious fits of rage, but at last, they being obstinate, he swore a solemn oath that dead or alive, he would sail the sea until his treasure was either found and spent or placed for ever beyond the reach of men. And then, ordering them to put out a boat, stepped on board, and they leftliim floating, an hundred -ears ago, just as we found himj'this afternoon.' 44 4 But he has been seen since," quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did not know what to think of this story. 4 4 'Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, 4 and once, I tell you, I saw him, and ho came on board and brought tempest with him ^ they called him 41 Foul-Weather Don," and learned 'men say he must keep his oath, in the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest till the* terms of it be fulfilled.' 44 4 So he brought bad weather, did he?' said Ned, musing. 44 4 For the three weeks he was on board,' says the old man,' the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the mainyard.' 44 4 And what did he do all that time?' cries Ned, again. 44 4 He sat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, 4 with his back against the ruddercase, and never spoke word nor broke bread.' 4 4 ' How did he leave you ?' was Ned's next auestion. 4< < £[e rose one evening, justin the twilight, and ordered the eaptain to put his boat into the water, thongh none of ns thought a boat would live in such a sea, tmd none built by man's hand could. But that one'—and the old sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles— 4 but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking seas; aud presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul- Weather Don stopped to the gangway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on ' the tops of the great seas, and standing up in the boat with his hands claspeid, as one .praying; then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour the gale broke, the sea went down, and we were again enabled to lay our proper course.' 44 4 And what is Foul-Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. 44 4 Sitting with Ms back against the rudder-case,' answered Captain Purvis; and see—look there !' the old inan added, and he pointed to the east, 4 look at that, bank of cloud rising from the ocean—there's the gale coming:: Before midn ; prh- Foul- Weather Don will have all his w': liblowing about him.' (TO BE CONNNTTJD.) A SIERRA BEAR HUNT. I was located some few years since on the banks of a small creek high up in the Sierras, in Nevada County, CaL, writes a New York Herald correspondent. I was spending a summer's vacation in-hunting .and fishing and otherwise enjoying the puie mountain air of thatregion. I had caught many fine specimens of brook and lake trout, and had shot more or less small game and an occasional buck. I had heard that bears abounded in the vicinity, but had not thus far seen any, although -I had often encounte'red their tracks. ' • r " I had about' given up the idea of this ex-. citing sport when as S came" but '6f my.tent bne morning I saw, to my surprise, an Indian, leaning on his rifle, while a number of squaws aud children were variously 'scattered, abont.- apparently gathering fuel With which to build the breakfast fire. Finding that the Indians were friendly disposed and that the head of the family, -whose name I ascertained to be Joe, could speak good English, I struck up an acquaintance then and there. Strange to say, Joe had moved up from his winter' quarters in the valley for the purpose of hunting in the mountains, and I soon learned that Joe was a mighty hunter in thoBe parts. It is not to be wondered at then that we, Joe and I, arranged a grand bear hunt for the following morning. Joe had a couple of mangylooking cure that he said were good bear dogs, which statement I took for granted, although I had my doubts in the matter. '. As we started out bright ana early the next morning I notice that Joe's family were trailing behind at a respectful distance, and I wondered if they also were to joiu in the hunt. £ afterward learned that they were not only "a useful but a necessary part of the expedition. After skirting along the brow of a jange of hills for stone time Joe ordered a halt. The women and children went On ahead, while Joe and I descended to the bottom of a deep canyon. 4 ^See." said my companion; "bear! big,bear!" I looked about me, somewhat alarmed, Pll admit, but when. I saw Joe. pointing to some hear tracks I felt reassured, and we then resumed our course along the base of the hill. We had gone on in wis manner for perhaps half an hour when I heard a saciession of screams aud yells coming from the top of the hill, some distance off; Before I had time to see what it meant a number of large rocks and boulders came crashing down the ravine a short distance ahead. I then noticed one of Joe's dogs acting in a suspicious manner. The bristles on the cur's neck began to stand out straight as it suddenly stop| ed in front of a dense mass of chapparaJ, and growled in a threatening manner. 1 Get gun, quick," said Joe, placing his own weapon to his shoulder. Meanwhile the yells continued, and the rocks came thundering down the canyon as before. These were enough to scare any sort of bear out of his hiding-place, I thought, as I realised the cause of all the rumpus. 4 " All right, Joe," said I; 4 just let the bear show himself, I'll be ready for—oh 1 ! Lord! Here, Joe, help!" I was unable to move hand or foot, and suddenly dropped my gun in absolute terror. At last I had seen a bear, and a big one at tkat, scarcely 10ft. off, growling and snapping at the dogs, and, as near as 1 could determine, coming straight for me, open-mouthed. What a monster it was} I could see its huge claws as it struck the dogs. It was a very picture of savage power and ferocity. Again I yelled to Joe for help, and then, as the bear had almost reached me. I managed to ran a few 6teps and felT sprawling on -the ground. Visions of being chewed and clawed into mincemeat arose beforer me, and I could almost feel the brute's hot ;breath when two shots rang out upon the air/: The next thing I remember was Joe asking me to take a drink from a flask he was holding to my mouth. I took a long, deep pull, and then looked around for the bear. There it was, lying dead on tho pround almost within reach. The dead and mutilated carcase of Joe's best dog was lyinvr close beside him. Joe," said I, 41 1 don't' believe I want any more hear hunting:" i • » , "Ugh," replied Joewith his usual grunt. 4 4 Big bear ^ill dog, kill you, too, s'pose not firequick." I shuddered at the thought of this last proposition. I have never hunted for boars since, nor have I had any desire to. I brought the skin of that bear back with me to San Francisco though, where it lay for along time in my room as a testimonial (so my friends thought) of ray prowess as a mighty bear hunter. 