"I I OU VIE OT ME?" An Ocean Tragedy, Dr W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVm. IS SHE THE "SHAKl" " IT was not to prove a gale, though it would have been hard to guess what lay behind that dirty jumble of white and lvid terraces which had been stealthily creeping all the morning zenithwards. The clouds scattered to the rush of tile wind, the sun with a brightened disk leapt from one flying vaporous edge to another, dazzling out the snows of the dissolving seas till the eye reeled from the glare of the brilliant foam and the sharp and lovely sparkle of the pure dark blue between. Indeed, before long the wind steadied do-n into a noble sailing breeze with a piebald sky of warm and cheerful weather steadily swinging into the south east, as though the whole heaven revolved from one quarter to another like a pano rannm on a cylinder. Wilfrid looked lis wishes, but said nothing. He hung apart in a fashion that was the same as teling me to keep off, nor had he anything to say to Miss Jennings. Finn easily inter preting his master'sface, piled cloths on the yacht till it Ecemed as though another rag would blow the whole lofty white fabric of canvas, tapering spar, and rig ging clean over the bows. We fled along in thunder, and to every curtsy of the vessel's head the water recoiled in a roar of spume as far as the jibboom end, to speed aft as fast, yu would have thouh-t, as the eye could follow it, the swell wash ing to the counter ns if to help her. Weo held on in this way for eone time, when suddenly Wilfrid, who had come to a stand at the weather rail and was looking ahcad, bawled with the note of a shriek in his voice, " Look ! " and ousc prlng his long arm pointing directly on a line with our bowsprit. " Ay, there she is, sure enough !" cried I, as 1 caught sight, to a floating lift of the deck at that moment, of the pearlish gleam of canvas of a milky brilliance slanting past the soft whiteness of a head of sea against the marble look of the sky there, where the sun-touched clouds were going down to the ocean edge in a crowd iith a vein of violet here and there amongst them. I glanced at Wilfrid, not knowing what sort of mood this first glimpse of tie yacht would put into him, but there was no alteration of face. His countenance had set into an iron hard ex pression ; methought resolution could never show more grimly stubborn. Miss Jennings came to the side to look. "There is little to be seen as yet," said I to her, "but we shall be heaving her hull np very soon. She is taking it quietly." Finn stood near; I took his glass from him and levelled it. " Why, 'tis merely amnblih? with ler, captain," said I; "gaff topsails down and no hint of squaresail that I can make out. The cloud we are making astern should puzzle her. D'ye think Captain Fidler will recognise this vessel ? " " Why, yes, sir; bound to it," he an awered; "we aren't like the Shnrk, you know ; our igure-hcad alone is as good as naming us. Then our sheer of bow 'ud sarve like a sign-post to Fidler. Back this by our square rig and he'd have to ha' fallen dark to mistake," meaning by dark, blind. " ls the Shark to be as easily recog nised I" asked Miss Jennings, who stood close by me, occasionally laying her hand upon my ani to steady herself and put ting tie other to her lips to speak, for the breeze rang with a scream in it at times over the rail in a manner to sweep the words out of her mouth as though her syllables were the smoke of a cigarette. Finn shook his long head. "Lay me close aboard, miss," said he, ; and I'll tell you tie Shark from another craft; but there's notllen distinct about her as there is with ns. She's black with out gilt like a great many others, of a slaving pattern, long, low, without spring forrads or aft, with apple sides like others again. But," said lie after a pause, during which he had taken a look through his telescope at the glistening fragmenthover ing like a butterfly over the bow, "though I don't want to say too much, sir, I'd be willing to lay down a good bit of money on the chance of yonder chap proving the Shark. Time, place, all Earcumstances point her out." "True," said I; "but there are many dthooners afloat." "Ay, sir; but such a coincidence as that, your honour," said lie pointing "sits to far on the werge of what's likely to fit it to sarve as part of a man's reckonings." "I agree with Captain Finn," said Miss Laura ; "besides, 1 feel here that it is the vessel we are pursuing." She laid her hand upon her bosom and turned to cross the deck where her chair was. - I assisted her to her seat with a peep out of the corner of my eyes at Wilfrid, but there was no encouragement in his iace ; so, posting myself forward of the enmpnnion for the shelter of it, I lighted a cigar and puffed away in silence till the luncheon bell rang. Wilfrid did not come to table. When I returned on deck after lingering:nearly an hour below, partly -with the -wish ,*s put some heart into BlirseJennings, wsho was pitifully dejeeted and nervous, and partlybecause I lmdhad a long spell in the open air and guessed that for some time yet there would be little enoushgof the schooner showing to h,:,iwoth looking at-I say when I re turned I found my cousin at the rail with his arms- atigLtly clasped on his breast talng fixedIy ahead, with a face grim, indeed with the scowling contraction of ihe brows, but as collected in the deter mained severity of it as cal be imagined. In fact, the sight of the schooner ahead had gathered all his faculties and wander ing fancies and imaginations into a bunlch, so to speak, and his mind as you saw it in his eyes, in the set of hIis lips, in the resolved and contained posture of his body, was as steady as that of the sanest man aboard us. It was without wonder, however, that I perceived we Isd risen the yachtto the line of her rail, when 1 noticed that she still kept under short canvas whilst the Bride was bursting through the surges to the inmpulse now oven of the lower studdingSEail. I took Finn's glass from himn and made out a very handsome schooner, loftily sparred with an immense hend to her mainsail, the boom of whichl hung far over Iher quarter, lwhilst she swang in graceful floating leapings from hollow to ridge with the round of her stern lifting black and flashing off each melting brow tlhat under ran her. We had, indeed, come up with ler Ihand over band, but thens it would be almost the worst point of sailing for a fore-and-aft vessel, whilst we were carry Cog in our square rig alone pretty nearly the same surface of aennvas that she had ebrtad. She was too far off as yet, even with thse aid of the glans, to distisguish ser people. "What do you think, Finn, nots?" said I, turning to him. Ile stood close beside me witlh his long face wvorking witlh anxiety, and straining hIis siglht till I thougghtle would shoot his eyes out of their sockets. "If she ain't the Shark," rsaid he, " she's the Fliing Dutchman. I hsad but one doubt. Yonder craft's boats are white, and my notion, but I couldn't swear to him, was Ilthat the Shark's boats were blue. I've been forrards amongst the men, a fit- of whonm are aequaioted u-ithc Lord Wintrtorn's yariht, and one of eay-t.7.rh_. fir....-..m. _M rhj b tlc'others are wvillicg to bet tceir leves thct they are white. c But the cut of her as she slhows yonder proves her thle Shark, you tlhink 1" "I do. sir," Isoe anwered emscphatically. "Well," oaid I, fetelcing a deep breath, "after this sang me if 1 don't burn my sook and agree with your mate, old Jacob Crimp, to believe in ghosts." I levelled thle glass again and uttered an exclamation as I got the lenses to bear upon her. "By tlhuonder, Finn! yes, they look to have thIe scent of us now. See ! there goes hier gafftopsail ! " Wilfrid caught my words. "What are thley doing? " hse roared, bursting out in a mad way from his rapt iron-like silence, "making sail, d'ye say?" and he canie running up to us witlh an odd thrusting forward of his head as tlhoughl straining to determine what was scarce more than a blur to hIis short silght. He snatchled the glass from my lhand. "Yes," he shouted, "and there goes her squaresail. By every saint, Finn, there's an end of my doubts," and Ie closed the glass witlh a ringing of the tubes ashe telescoped them that would Ihave made you think the thing was in pieces in his hands. "Shall I signal her to heave to, your honour t" exclaimed Finn, spealing with a doubtful rye as if measuring the dis tance. "LAy, at once," cried Wilfrid, "but " he cast a look at the gaff end-" she'll not see your colours tlhere," pointing vehe mently. I'll run 'em ap at the fore, Sir Wil frid; they'll blow out plain there witlh the t'gallant halliards let go." "lDo as you will, only yomust make her know ccy meaning," cried my cousin, and he went witllh an impetuous stride righlt aft and resumed his former sentinel posture. Miss Jennings came timidly up to me. "She is the Shark, thenL' she said in a low vo:ce. "All who know her are agreed, Finn says, saving here and there a doubt about the colour of her boats," n answered. She had a sailor's eye for sea efects, and instantly noticed that the schooner ahead had broadened her show of canvas. "Do they suspect who we are " she exclaimed, talking as though shel were musing. "ho doubt thle Bride is recognised, and they will rot away if they can. She looked at Wilfrid. "I do notlike to speak to him," shie exclaimed. "He'skilling Hope-Kennedyover and over again," said I; "his wife is before him, too, and he is harangouigher. Bless us, what a wonderful thing humnan imagi nation is !" Up went the signal flags forward in a string of balls, a man tugged, the bunting broke and streamed out in its variety of lustrous colours, every flag stiff as a sheet of Isorn lamndpaiuted, with tUe light of Use skypast iteshowing through. Icaught myself breathing short and hard whilst waiting for what was to follow this sum monsto the running craft. We had been crushing through it.after her with the speed of a ateamer, and, supposing her indeed to be the Shark, had literally ven fied Wilfeidi boast that the Bride could sail two feet to her one. But new that she had broadened her wings there was a threat of considerable tediousness in the chase. "lDo you suppOE they have made, out what yacht we are?" I asked Finn. "Lkelyas not, nir. I shall think so for surtin if they doin't slhorten sad on readingthatbuntingupthere. Astranger 'ud be willing enough tnspeak as. Why not? ''Tis understandable that Fid ler should have kept his rags small in the fare of the muck thatmas crawliuu in the norrad thin mornin". he's gotnothento chase, and was always a careful man, so I've heard, and I tell ye sir,"said be in an subdued way, speaking with'hjs eyes fieed en Mliss Jennings, who stood close with a white face, "that the sight of his e9nY canvas is almost the same to me as seeing of her ladyship a sitting thcre,"lesellina his hairy finger at Use yacht, "'for, fond as she was of the water, let anything of a breeze come and she was always for having Sir Wilfrid reduce sail." De put te glass to his eye as he spoke. "Hillo I' he exclaimed in an instant, "they're hoisting a colour. There it goes-there it blows. Oh my precious eyes! What is itl what is it?" he rumbled, talking to himself and working into the glass as though he would drive an eye clean through it. "Why, Mr. Monson," he hawled, "I'm Field Marshal the Duke o' Wellington, sir, if she han'thoisted Dutch colours." I snatched the glass from his hand, and sure enoughl made out thie Datavian hori zontal tri-colour streaming from the peak signal ihalliards like a fragment of rainbow against thie lustrous curve of thie main sail. " Wilfrid," I shouted, addressing him as lie stood right aft, miss Laura and I and the skipper being groupeda little for ward of the main rigging, " they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander, niot the Shark!" and I fetched something like a breath of relief, forit was a condition of suspense that you wanted to see and end to one fashlion or another as quickly as possible. He approachled us slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and aftera steady inspection turned to Finn. "She's the Shark," he said, with a fierce snap in his manner that was like letting fly a pistol at the skipper. " Your honour thinks sot?" "Don'tyou?" " ThenbDutch colours, Sir Wilfrid-" "A device, a trick I What could con firm one's suspicion more than yonder display of a foreign ensign? She's the Shar, I tell you, and that eolor's as stratagem. What do you say, Charles ?" " I'm blest if I know what to think," said I. "If sli's the Shark, why has she taken it so leisurely, only just now setting her squaresail and gaff topsail though ire have been in sight for a long time, crowd ing down upon her under a press that should awhile since have excited theirsus picions? No need for them to hoist Dutclh colours. If Fidler thinks he is chased, why don't he haul his wind instead of keeping that fore-and-aft concern almost dead before it, as if he didn't know on which side to carry his main boom?" "She's thie Shark!" thundered Wilfrid, "the flag she is flying isa lie. Finn," le cried in a voice so savagely isperious, so confoundedly menacing, that I saw Miss Laura shrink, whilst the poor skipper gave a hop as tlhoughhe had touclhed something red-hot; "are we overhauling that vessel I " "Yes, Sir Wilfrid." "How long will it take us to come within gunshot of her?" Finn scratcheld the bacek of his head. "MIr. MIonson, sir," said hlie, addressing me, "that gun 'ull throw about three quarters of a mile, I allow." " Call it a mile," said I. My cousin, with his nostrils distended to the widest, his respiration hysteric, his whole body on die move, and with that raisedl look in tis fane I have foroerly dsieriaibc, tnared at Finn as though lie would slay him with his gaze. The skip per scratched the back of his head again. " Well, your honour, if yon schooner holds as she is and this here breeze don't take off, wre ought to be within gunshot," here hlie produced a silver watchl of the size and shape of an apple, "in three hours' time, msoaking it about half-past five." "How far is she distant now i " "Bletwixt three and four mile, Sir Wilfrid." "Get your gun ready." "A blank shot, your honour ?" "A blank devil and be damned to you. Load with tall. Who's your gunner ?" "We shall have to manage amongst as, Sir Wilfrid," turning a face of alarm upon are. I was about to remonstrate, but there was an expression in thie eye that my coasin bent on me at that instant that caused me to take Miss'Jennings' hand as an invitation to her to cross the deck and walk. "Charles," said he, "you told me that you knew sometlhing about gunnery. Will you handle that weapon yonder for me?" "Wilf, it is madness," said I. What! plump a shot into a craft that may not be the vessel youe want! or, which in my opinion is just as bad, fire at withl a chance of sinking a yanchlt with a lady aboard that lady your wife-the woman whom you have embarked on this extraordinary adventure to rescue?" Myblood rose with my words. I dared not trust myself to reason with him. I crossed the deck with Miss Laurm, and when we faced round I spied Wilfrid marching forwards with Finn, and pre sently he was by the side of the gun gesticulating vehemently to a bodyof seamen who had collected round the piece. Our signals were kept flying at the fore, whilstwith the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast at the schooner's peak. Onwards she held her course, swarming steadily forward in long gliding curtayings over each frothing surge that chased her, a most shapely and beau tiful figure with a long flash of her low blalck wet aide coming off the line of foam like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on high soared the stretches of her sails with some thing of the airiness of a dragon- fly's wing in the milk-white softness of their spaces against the cloudy distance beyond. The time passed, Wilfrid remained forward. He stood upon one of the anchors swaying with folded arms to the movement of the yacht, stiff as a handspike, his face fixedly directed at the schooner ahead. The sailors hung about, chewing hard, spitting much, saying things to one another past the hairy banks of their hands; here and there awhiskered face looking stupid with a sort of dull wonder that was like an inane smile; but the fact is, from Cutbill down to the youngest hand all the seamen were puzzled, excited and uneasy. The state of my cousin's mind showed plainly to the least penetrating of those nautical eyes. No man amongst them could imagine what wild directions would be delivered, and though' I made no doubt the gun would be let fly when the order to fire was given, I was pretty sure that should it come to a command to board the schooner by force themen would decline. Sometimes Finn was forward, fluttering near Wilfrid, sometimes aft, restlessly inspecting the compass or going feverishly to che aide end looking over, when again and again I would hear him say in a voice as harsh as the-sound of a carpenter's plane: ' "Gory, gloryl blow, my sweet breee, blow!1" manifestly unconscious that he spoke aloud, but evidently obtain og eeme easeeof mind frm the ejacula dion.. The sun went floating down westwards, the breeze shifted a point or two towards him. and then slackened, thouoh it con dond to blow a flne sailing wind with a regolarsanpthat had looghbefors tast the early enappish and worrying hurl put into it by the first of the dark blast. Slowly we hod been gaining upon the chaso; minute after minute I had been expecting to see her put her helm doswn, flatten her sheets, and go staggering away into the reddening wstcr wehltering and washing to the sky under theodescending sun, on what she might know to he somne best point of sailing. Shekept hersquaresailspread and the Dutch flag hoisted, and swung stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing of our signalo, which still continued to fly. Through Finn's glass I could dis tinguioh the figures of a few seamen forward and a coople of men pacing tho weather-side of tile quarterdeck. Now and again a head would show at the rail as though watching us, but thie suggestion I seemed to find in the general posture and air aboard tile vessel was that of in difference, as though, in fact, we had long ago exhausted curiosity, and had been quitted as a spectacle for inboard jobs and the routine of such life as wns led there. Is shie the Sharki!" I said to Finn. "If she isn't," said he, "my eyes ain't mates, sir. It is but a question of tile colour of the quarter-boats." "I see no name on the counter." "No, sir, the Sharkhis no naome painted on her." "She's steered bya wheel," said I. "So is tile Shark, sir." "What do the men forward who know tihe Shark think nowl" I asked. "Two of 'em say that it ain't lier; tile rest that it is. But ne'er a man aboard Ihas that knowledge of liher that 'ud give him conscience enough to take an oath upon it. Glory, glory, there she walks! By the piper that played afore Moses in the woods, your honour, 'twill be the fairest sunrise that ever I see that lights up the end of this dammed mess, begging your pardon, Mr. MIoson, and yours, miss, I'm sore. Fact is, I feel all of a work inside me, like a brig's booms in a mllse." "I anm unable to hold tile glass steady," said Miss Laura. "Mr. IMonson, I see no signs of a lady on board. Do you, Captain Finnl" "Not so much as the twinkle of a hincd of petticoat, miss; but if her ladyship's there, of course she'd keep below." "You know Captain Fidler," said I. " Very well, sir." "There are two figures walking that quarter-deck. Is one of them lie ?" "It's too fur off, sir. I've been look ing and looking, but it's too for off, I say, sir; Mind ! " he suddenly roared, "they're a-going to fire," and he rolled hurriedly forwards. A moment or two after, crash ! went the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock upon tile ear, and the smoke blew away over the lee-bowr as red with the tinctur ing of the sun as a veil of :'pour at the edge of the crimson mioon. Miss Jen nings shrieked. A long yearning gush of sea eatchling tihe Bride fair on the quarter swung her for a breath or tweo so as to hide the schooner, then to her next yaw with Wilfrid still on the anchor bending forward in impetuous headlong pose and two or three sailors handling the gun and a crowd of men in the head staring tdheir haordest, the chase srwept into view afresh. "Hal" I slouted, "she's hes-ing to." " Oh, Mr. Monson I" cnoed Miruo-en nings, clasping her hands. - Instantly Finn fell to thundering out orders. "In stun'sails I clew up the t'garnsail I dorwn squares'l; down gaff tops'l! " Twenty such directions Vol leyed from him; in a trice tihe decks.of tihe Bride were as busy as an anthill; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled doswn; the strains of Cutbill's whistle shrilled high above the voices of the men, and a true ocean meaning came rolling into the commotion and clamour from thie yeasty seething over thie side, the singing of the wind past the ear, and the frisky motions of the yacht as she broulit tihe sea on her bow heading, to Fimnas yell to the man at the helm, to range to windward of the slchooner that was nosw fast coining round with her squaresail descending, her main tack hoisting and her topsail withering with her head to the west. Distance is mightily deceptive at sea. How far off the schooner was when they let drive at lier from our forecastle I could not say. She was probably out of range; at all evoents, le uhaowd no damage as she came rounding to, away down upon tihe throbbing blue which had softened much witllin the hour, with a bronze gleasm of slheathling, as she heeled over ere her canvas broke shivering in the eye of the wind, that wonderfully heiglhtened tihe ibeauty of the long, low, black, most lsapely hull, and the bland and elegant fabric of bright spar and radiant cloths shining white yet through the faint claret tinge in the atmosphlere. Wilfrid came slowly aft, constantly looking at her as he walked. Under reduced canvas we swept down leisurely, sliding lightly upon the run of the surge that was now on the beam. I examunined her carefully through the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my side asking questions. "Is she the Shark?" " She may be. But such of her crew as I make out don't look to me to be English. " "Can you distinguish any women on board " " " Nothing approaching a woman. They mean to board us. They have a fine boat of a whaling pattern hanging to leeward, and there are sailors preparing to lower her. They are not Englishmen, I swear. I see a large fat man delivering orders apparently with sluggish gesticulations, which strike me as distinctl Dlutch. How about her figure-bead " 1 continued, and I brought the glass to hear on the bows of the schooner. "Ha I" I cried, and looked round. Wilfrid was watching the slioonsr eight aft, wherbe he had stood duringi tge geater part of the chase, his arms folded as be fore, the same iron-lihard expression on his countenance. I called to him. " What is thoe figure - head of the Shark?" Ho started, and answered, "Idon't know. Ask Finn," and so saying walked towards us. The skipper was giving some instrte tions to Crimp on the other side of the deck. " Captain Finn," I called, "Sir." "What's the Shark's figure-headl" "A gold ball in a cup shaped like a lily, your honour." "Then, Wilfrid," I cried, shovIng the glass into his hands, "your pursuit must carry you further afield yet, for that crft's figure-head is a white effigy, appa rently a woman's head." His manner to the sudden, desperate surging of the disappointment in Ihim fell in a breath into the old form of the erai ness of his moods of excitement. He looked through the glass, and then roared out The skipper came bundling over to us. " That vessel is not the Shark." "Irs beis sleared not, sir, I've been uloared not," mid Finn. "Likeo as two eggo end on; but now she's drawed out \- tain'tonly doe figar-head. She han't gat theo Sh~ark's loedot of bowFsprit." WVilfrid dashed the telescope down on to the deck. " A fool's chase I" he ex claimiied, scrcely intelligible for the way hle sloke with hlis teeth ct. "BHeavcnly God, what a disappointment ! But it should have been Monday, it should have been Monday," and his gaze went into a scowling, wandering way from us to tihe schooner. "I suppose you knew," said I to Finn, "that lsey're standing by to lower a beat when we shall have conic to a stand " "Ay, sir, I know it," exclaimed Finn, who had picked up his telescope and was feeling over it min a nerrous, broken-down manser ostlsoogh he feared it was injured, but durst not look to maks sore while Wilfrid stood nigh. "I slmall heave to to board for their convenisnee," and with that ohe alked aft to the wheel. Wilfrid looked crushed with something absolutely lifeless in the dull leaden blank of his eyes. It was perhaps fortunate for nous, if not for him, that this sudden prodigious blow of disappointment should have completed thle sense of physical and mental exhaustion whlichl inevitaibly atten ded the war of emotions that had been going os all day in his iweak mind, otlher wise heaven alone knows what miserable and painful display might Ihave followed this failure of his expoctations. I was much affected by his manner, and en deavoured to console him, but he motioned me to silence with a gesture of the hland, and seated himself on the skylight, whero he remained with his arms folded and Ihis eyes fixed on thle deck, apparently heeding nothing that passed around him. "He'll rally after a little," said I to Miss Laura, who furtively watcheld him witlh yes sad with thle shadow of tears. " It oughlt to have been the Shark, Dlr. Mfonson," she exclaimed in a low voice. "My cowardly heart all day has been praying otlherwise; and now I would give ten years of my life that my sister rwere there-for his sake, for mine, and for yours too, tlhat thlis wretched voyage of expectation and mistakes and superstitions -olh, and I do not know what else," she added with a little toss of her arms like a wringing of her hands, " mighlt come to an end." The sailors forward were eyeing the vessel steadily as we approachled her. By this time all Ihands were aware of the blunder that had been made, and one seemed to see a kind of suspense in tihe posture of the fellows, with a half grin in it, too, as though 'twas an incident to be as much laughed at as wondered at. The breeze continued to slacken, the seas were momentarily losing weight as they rolled, the gushing of thle western crimson floated in the air like a delicate red smoke, with a heap of flame-coloured clouds resting broodingly upon tihe southern confines and tihe new moon over the sun, a wonder for the bright sharpness of its curve in such a hectic as she stood in. We ran down, and Isove to within easy Ihailing distance to leeward of the eclooner, but it was plain thatMynheer had no notion of talking to us from over his rail. Hisfinu large boat Isung manned at the darits as we rounded to, with a gang of fellows at sitherLol!, andno sooner was our sway aereuthd thna down slowly sank tUe six esar- erlsnese;':Tbde'on spaebhed-ins-the red liglht, and away she came for us. " Charles," called my cousin from the skylight. I wentto him. "I'm too ill to be worried," said eho; "represent me, dear boy, will you Get us out of this mess as best you can, andl as quickly." He spoke faintly, and slightly staggered after he hall risen. Miss Jennings, seeing this, took his arm, and together they went below. I stood at the gangway along with friend Finn. Twos a ludicrous position to be in, and what excuses tso make I knew not. unless it was to come to my explaining the fullnmotivo and meaning of our ex pedition-a sort of candour I did notlike the idea of. In the stern-sheets of the approaching boat was the large fat man ihad prcviously takens notice of in tihe schooners quarter-deck. His face was as round as the moon, withis a smudge of bristly yellow moustaelhe under a bottle shaped nose; his person was cthe com pletest pudding of a figure that can be iagined, as tUougls, forsootls, a Isge suit of clothsesad been filled out witls suet. He wore a blue cap with a shovel-shalped peak, and a piece of gold lace on it going from one brass button to the other. "Timt's not Fidler," said I to Finn. "Fidler " hIe ejaculated, staring with allhis mighlt at the boat, "there's trwenty Fidlers in that mas, your honour. Why, Fidler's as moere rib, lean enoughl to lshelter himself under thle lee of a ropeyarn." The boat came fizzing alongside hand somely, and the fat man, watching his opportunity, planted himself upon the steps and rose like a whale to our deck, upon whsich Ise stepped. In a very phlegmatic, leisurely way hie stood star ing around him foralittle out of a pair of small, grecenis, expressionless eyes, and wsitl a countenance that discovered no signs of any sort of emotion; then in the deepest voice I ever heard in a man, a tone that literally vibrated upon the ear like the lose note of a chures organ, he said in Dutch, "Wso speaks my language 7" I kno a fewr sentences in German, enough to enable me to understand his question, but by no means enough to converse with, even if the man spoke that tongue, so I said bluntly in English, "No one, sir." He whleezed a bit, looking stolidly at me, and exclaimed, "You are Captain " I motioned to Finn. "Vy you vire ot me " he demanded, turnming his fat, emotionless face upon the skipper. l in touched his cap. "Heartily sorry, sir : 'twas all a blundernhappening through our mistaking you for another craft. I'm very willing to 'pologise and do whatever's riglt." The Dutchman listened apathllotically, then slowly bringing his fist of the shape, if not the hue, of a leg of beef to his vast spread of breast, he exclaimed in a voice even deeper than his former utterance, " Vot I ask is, vy you vire ot mel" - Finn substantially repeated his former apology. The Dutchman gazed at him dully, with an expression of glassiness coming into his eyes. " Vot scnip die I" Finn answered with alacrity, "The schooner-yacht, Bride, air." " Zhe vihgt vorr herr nation 7 '' sending a lethargic glance at our masthead as if in search of a pennant. "No, sir," cried Finn, "we're- a pleasure vessel." "Der is no var," exelaimed the Dutch man, shaking his head, "betsreen mine coundry and yours." " Ho no, sir," exclaimed Finn. "Don I ask," said tUe Dutchmann in a voice like a trombone, "v y you vireeot mel" This promised no end. I hsstilywhis pered to Finn;" Leave him to me. Turn to quisily and trim sail and get 'tray open Usle vesoel, Hu'll take no o~ter Isint, I fear." Finn sneaked lof. "Pardon me sir," said I, "you'll have heard fromtk, captain tsat our firing at you w;us a blun: der into whirls st were led by mistaking your ship. We desire to tender you our Isumblbe spology, whsich I trust you u-ill see your way to accept without delay as we are very desirous of proceeding on our I voyage." Ho looked atme with a motionless heada and a face as vacant of human intelligence I as a cloud, with its fat, its pialeness, its I Alp upon Alp of chin, then ponderously andslowly putting his hand into his breast lie pulled out a great pocket-hook and said, "Vot dis schip name ? " " The Bridesmaid," said I. He wrote down the word, wlcrzing laboriously. " Your captain name ? 1" "Fidler," I answered. This hlie entered. "Owner ?" "Colonel Hope-Kennedy." "Ow youshpell?" I dictated, and he put down the letters as I delivered them. " There you vrom ? " " Limnerick," I answered. "Ow you sphiell l" He got the word, and then said, " Vera you boun' ? " "To the Solomion Group," I answered. This I had to spell for him too. He wrote with such imperturbability, with such a ponderosity of phlegmatic manner in his posture, with such whale-like asth matic wlheezings broken only by the trem bling notes of his deep, deep voice, that again and again I was nearly exploding uitd, laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody's eye but his I must certainly have whipped out with the merriment that was almost suffocating me. He slowly returned thie note-book to his pocketand exclaimed "Goot. You flar more of dis," and with that walked to the gngway. "Pray forgive me," said I, following him and speaking very courteously, "will you kindly tell me the name of -your shcip 1" Ilc regarded me with a kind of scowl as he hlung an instant in the gangiway-the only expression approalciing intelligence Ulat entered lioface,-iicll said, "Mlllcirio." "And pray where areyou bound to, sir" " Cura oa." " Are you thie owner, sir? " " Captain," Ice responded witllh an em phatic nod, anda no saying he put his foot on the ladder and entered his boat. Five minutes later we were breaking the seas afresh, making a more southerly course than eas needful by two points, that we migiht give as wide a berth as soon as possible to the Dutch slchooner, that, at the time I.vent below to thle summons of the dilnner-bell, was slidinlsg away west south-west a len-ue distant under every cloth thait she had to hoist. CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. Tmls was an incident to give one a deal to think and tasl about. Certainly little imaginable cors be stranger than that we, being in chasen of a fore-and-aft schooner yanchlt, should fall in with a vessel so resembling the object of our pursuit as to deenive tie siglt of men who professed to know tdie Shari: well. I should have been glad to ask the Dutch man about his craft, yet it wasa matter of no moment wlhatever. The thin, had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an cld. Likely enough she was an English vessel purchlmased for some opulent trader in the is and of Curaoan, and on liher way to that possession in charge of the porpoise whlo ihad honoured us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been fretting over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the Shark; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady MLonson out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helm for us and home again. Wilfrid bore thie blow better than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which Ice had the excuse of having fasted since breakfast, and broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of, gloomy resentment wiith whlich lie had arrived from his cabin on my describing thie Dutchman, and repeating hIis questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluentagain, loose,draining here and there like water on the decks of a rolling ship; and though lhe spoke with vehement bit terness of his disappointment, and with indignation and rage even of Finn's igno rance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, he dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, his talk was just an aimless stridefrom one thingtoanother. If he recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was as if by mere chance; and, though the subject would blacken his mood, in a very short while he had passed on to other matters with a cleared face. Mliss Laura afterwards said to me that the strain of thie day had been too great for him, and that when the tension was relaxed the strings of thie instrument of his mind dropped into slack fibres, out of which his reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, I could have wished it thus for every body's sake. Better as it was than that he should have shrunk away scowling and hugging a dark mantle of madness to him, and exaggerated the abominably uncom fortable behaviour I had witnessed in him all day. He arrived on deck after dinner to smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with Miss Jennings-for it was a quiet night after the stormy blowing of the day, with a tropic tenderness of temperature in the sweet gushing of the southerly wind, the curl of moon gone, anld the large star trembling through the film of their own radiance like dewdrops in gossamer-I could hear mcy cousin chatting briskly near the wheel with Finn with intonations of voice that curiously proclaimed the vari ableness of his moods to thie ear, some times speaking with heat, sometimes in a note of sullen expostulation, sometimes surprising thie attention with a loud ha, ha I that came floeating back again to the deck in echoes out of the silent canvau, whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumbled a runningcommentaryas the baronettalked. ".What do you think of this chase nowl" said I to biss Laura. "I wish it were over," shei answered. "I want to see my sisterrescued from the wretch she has run away with, Mr. Mon. son, but this sort of approaching her re covery is dreadful." "It is worse than dreadful," said I; "it is tedious with thd threat of a neat little teagical csmplicatisnby-anld-ye-any day indeed-if Wilfeid doemn't sine' dint gnn in his -hold or heave it overboard. 'e Dutchman might very well have answered our shiot had he mounted a pieee or two or driven alongside nand plied us, as they 'sed in say,with small mh. Hnw one isn't husreifr deaf, cart so thing, MZiss Jennings." "No. Is therm no way of losing the ocinan h" I laughed. "If Wilfrid will resenchis fire until he is sure of tie Shart instead of blacing away at the first cmraft that rcsem bles her, the weapon might yet prove sometling to usefully serve.lus turn ; lor f doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel Eons cracking on when le catches sightof no, short of iron messages from the fore csatle there. Bat we shall not meot with the SHrk this side the Cape, if there." " I fear it will prove a long voyage." said ahle, with the aparkle of the storlight in her eyes. "You will be glad to return?" "Not without my sister." oBut shall you he willin", Miss Jen nings, supliosingt uato arriveat Cape Torwn without failing in with the Shark, to per severe in this very singularand unpromis ig snoea quest? i " I will remain with Wilfid certainly," she answered quiehtly. "Mi y dty in to help iren in this senreb, and where he goes I thial? go." "But he will be acting cruelly to c5ary y s on from the Cape unless able to cer tainly tell whero to find the fusitics, fixing the dote toe for.tlat scatter. "o ee you will leave i at thle Cape, Mr. Motnson," the hxclaimed rvith an accent diat could only come from the moveient of the lips inh snile. " Not unless I prevail upon ou to or company me home," saidtI. She shook her head ligshtly, bat made no answer. Perhaps it rwas her silence that rendered o se nsible of the unpre meditated aignificansce of my speech. t Well," said I lightin a second cigar, "whnlsiyou feel ityour duty to stick to my tcosin I shall feel it mine to stink to you. Not likely I should leave you alone with hbn. No." [At tlt instante the harsh, surly v oice otf old Jacob Crinmp mailed the skipper, who still tood aft talking with Wiltnrid. All was in darkness forward; it was liard upo two bells the canvas rose as elusive to the eye in its wasness as a dim light is windy glooI s far ost th sea, and the shadow of it planged a dyre as opaque as blindsess into the obschrity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the stars were eliding up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the in visible folds briuning to her port hw. " Capt'n," sung out Cerimp's melodious voico-painitive as the notes of a knife pon a revolvring- grindstone-from the heart of thie murkiness sosewhsn re near the galley. "Halte ! oanwered Finn. "Can I speak a word witll ye " uWho is it wants it" t r The nilte" e W " Tell Isisi ta come fot," Wilfridhawiled nut. "If erlie's anything wrong I must kinow it. Step :lst, Crimp, atop aft, dye hear?" he cried. Old Jaob's stunted figre enme out of thle dorknaess and salked along to where Finn stood. " What is the matter, I sonder 1" said Miss Lauron I rocked my cear, for hlere is something in a hail of [lis sort at sea on a dark night to put an alertness into one's instinctsand nerves. BesIdes, ther was no sounder snoreron boser thanold Jacob, and his merely ornmiith upiidncdeck dueing ha watcol below, tlough Io should have stood mute assa ghost, was sonetsing to rise a little unesylense of expectantin. Hisn voice rumbled, bt I could not hearnewht lie said. Wilfeid shouted "lr P t dye ?a 1" with an expression of astonishlsent and incredulity. Fbi langhed inasneer ing way, whlst old Jacob again rumsbled out tith ome sentenen. Then my cousin bawled out "Charles, Charles, comin here will you 1" " Hliant the deuce is the satter noo? " Said Tand Miss Laura fnsloeed me as I n-cot over to ihe group. "Herousa iicepickle we're in, Charles," cried Wilfrid. " Whalt think yo ? Crimp swears tie yacht's Isaonted." " So ste be," said Crimp. " Pity your mother didll't ell vinegar, Jacob, thalt you smigit have ntayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. "Haunted ! Tiat siy do for [ie ilrines, but you wonot get ihe sailers to believe it." "That's just what they do theno, re sarked Crimp.e "All the atch telowr have heard it aid can't sleep in conse lsence.'" "Hoeard what l" asked. "The woie," ainse read tohi, "lthe same as you and ie hmard 'teother nightl." "Hitave ws heard a voice, Clherleal" exclaismed Wilfrid, sudhdesly fctching a deep breath, "A mere fanJcy," said I. "Y e didn't like it anyhow," said Crimp gruffly as thlougl speaking aside. "For Coda sake tell inn about this voice, Charles," cried \Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane, aith lide tbitching of his figure ausd the slifting of hsis weight from one leg to another. I related tihe incident, saking light of it, and tried to persuade his that the mere circumstsnce of my hsvibg said nothing about it proved that I regbarded it asn deceit of the heariog. "Did you know of this, Laura?" said Wilfaid. S"Asa8 joke only," shite nwcered. "A joke," cried le, breathing deep again. "Ths voice souided off the sea, hey ? and two of you heardn it? What did it nay 1" and I could see imo by thie star lighit lokig towvards tie starboard quar ter in the direction owience tie syllables had floatd to us. "What did i say ?" he repented. "Whiuy,[hat hs ienre ayai iteas nd sed" rattled out Jacob defiantly, "and dumme if Idon't think she he nonnw Lut the bloom tog corpse belonging to tle wreck is a jawing ad s-tlreasteoning of all hIonds down in the forepeak." "Wlhat is this man talking absout?" I exclainsed, believisug thut lie most either he drank or cracked. "Ha's come aft to tell as, ir. Monson," asnsered Finn, l that he and others oa the watch below hise been disturbed by a snico in the hold saying that [here's a ghost aboard, and that [ie osihy way to get rid of him in to soil straight away home and end [his woysge which, saving [ihe lady's pretence, it calls blarsted non sense.' I observed old Jacob's head vigorously nodding. You're beard [he voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting is short, agitated strides to and fro beside us. `"Or. Meonsan honed it tice," growled Jacob, "aof tire sereck as sell as off the quarter." "'Speak wrhen you're opokien to," cried Finn, "Why, spit see, M~r. MuLnson, if it ain't old Jamcb's geandiothmer as ass nigned on tonstmnd of Crioip hiannhf," ".Look hlere," maid Crimp, "~let them whlat disbelieves niep forrards and listen thitnmnlvns." "LCharleS, inqsiir~ into [hin matter with Finn, sill yost esninimed WVilfeid. "i-kI--" be stopped and pisoned his hand thiresghs Mbas Jcommisini abbnin inediatehy afterwards ~sayng esth~oasmit, nerrom~ bnuds1 "du mie ond eta" supes554u~ voice wouim cost ise a niht's reit," LsCesaeeloeS.FiOn, slid. "lCome along, Crisump. jf [ieee hlo aghost, aLs nor friend here says, he must premptly be laid by the heels and despatehed te the Red Sea." " What did'ec want to go and tell Sir Wilfrid about that woice you and Mr. MIonson heard 'tother night ? " grumbled Finn, as we moved forwnvards into the dark' ness towards the forehatech. , "Cause its true," answdred Crimp -in his sullenest manner. "'Sides it's time to end this here galliwanting ramble, seems to me, if we're going to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn mande no answer. We arrived at the forelhatch and descended. The Bride's foreeastle was a large one for a vessel of her size. On either hand abaft nwas a small cabin partially bulkheaded off from the sailors' sleeping-room, respectively occupied by Jacob Crimp and Cutbill. Whether the mate ate with the captain, whose berth was just forward of the one that mhad been occupied by 3Inffin, with access by means of a sliding door to a small living room through which he could pass into the forecastle, I cannot say. It was a rough seene te light upon after the elegance, glitter, and rich dyes of the fit tises of our quarters aft, but the more pictureeque for that quality as I found it now, at least on viewing the homely and coarse interior by the light of a small oil Lamp of thie shape of a block-tin coffee-pot with a greasy sort of flame coming out of the spoit, and burning darkly into acork screw of smoke that wound hot and ill flavoured to the upper deck. There were bunks for tihe seamen and two or tlree hammoecks slung right forward; suits of oilskins hung by nails against the stan tions, and swung to thie motion of the vessel like the bodies of suicides swayed by the wind. The deck was encumbered by sea- chlests cleatedor otherwise secured. Here and there glimmering throughl the twilight in a bunk I took notice of a little frmeed picture, a pipeo rack, with other odds and ends, trilling home memorials, and the artless conveniences with which poor Jack equips himself. There were seamen lying in their beds, a vision of leathery noses forking up out of a hedge of whlisker; ovith bright wide-awake eyes that made one think of glow-worms ins a birds nest; other equally hairy-faced figures in drawers and with naked feet, huge bare arms dark with moss and prick ings in ink, sat with their legs over the edge of theirbunks. It was with difficulty that I controlled my gravity when on casting a hurried glance round the fore. castle on entering it my gaze lighted on the visage of Munflin, whose yellowness in tihe dull lamplight showed with the spec tral hue of ashes. His bunk was well forward ; his bare legs hung from the edge like a couple of broomsticks; his hands were clasped; his head slightly on one side; his posture one.of alarm, amid whlich, however, there still lurked a native quality of valet-like sleekness with a sue gestion of a reapeetfuld apology for feeling nervous. Sweet as tne Bride ors,- no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other craft of those times, the odour of this interior, improved as it was by the flaring snuff of the lamp, not to mention a decidedly warm night, was by no means of the mostdelicious. Added to this was the lift and fall of tihe yacht's bows which one felt. hero so otroegly, that, coming fresh from the tender hesings ef theafter deck, yeou would have inagined a lively lihead sea had sprung up on a sudden. That Muffin should have stood it astonished me. Sleeping as he did, right in the "eyes," he got tihe very full of the motion. Besides, such an atmosplhere as this must needs prove the severer as a hardship after the luminous and flower-sweetened air of the cabin. Finn took a leisurely survey of thie occupants of the bunks. " Well, lads ! " said he, " whlat'sn the meaning of this here talk about a woice 7 Mr. Crimp's just come aft to tell me there's somewhat a-speaking under foot here." "That's right, sir," remarked Cutbill, wa steoode blt upright like a sestrotey the ontrance to his little berth. "Ibeg ymur pardon, Mr. Monson, sir, btt ita nigh hand the same sort o' speech as hailed us from the wreck." "'Tis the same!u" said a deep voice from one of the bunkls. "i Rats I " quoth Finn, contemptuously. "Never yet met with the rat as could damn a man's eyes in English," grunted Crimp. "Nor in any other lingo, Mr. Crimp, said a singularlooking seaman, whose face I had before taken notice of as resembling the skin of an over-ripe lemon. He lay on thie small of his back blinking at us, and his countenance in that light, that was rendered confusing by the sliding of shadows to the swing of the yacht, made one think of a melon half buried in a blanket. "Well, but see here, my lads," ei claimed Finn, in a voice of expostulation, " what did this here woice say That's what I want to Iknow. What did it say, men?" "I told'ce," growled Crimp. But old Jacob's interpretation did not tally with that of the others. The sailors were generally agreed that the voice hlad exclaimed in effect that the yacht was cursed, and that their business was to make haste and sail her home; but some had apparently heard more than others, whilst a few again manifestly embellilned, with a notion, perhaps, of making the most of it; but there could be no question wlatever that human syllables, very plainly articulated, had sounded from out Sof the hold; all hands were agreed as to that, and proof conclusive as to the sin cerity of the men might have been found in the looks of them, one and all. " Silence, now!" cried Finn, "let's listen." We all strained our ears. Nothing broked thie silence but the sulky wansh of the sea outside, seething dully, the half stifled respirations of the sailors, who found it dilfficult to control their hurricane lungs, and the familiar creaking noises breaking out in various parts of the fabric to her swayings. Impressed as 1 was by the agreement amongst thie men-and I bad come besides to this forecastle with the memory very fresh in me of the mysterious voices I had before beard-I could scarcely hold my face as I stood listening, with my eye glancing from one hairy countenance to another. The variety of the Jacks' postures, the knowing cock of a head here and there, the un wineling stare, tie strained berkoning attitude, tie illustration of superstitioas emotions by expressions which were rendered grotesque by tine ewing of the lamp, the half- suffonsted leaks ef soein of the fellows who were trying to droo their breaths softly, formed s picture te appeal irresistitly to one's sense of the ridiculous. Three minutes passed; it might have been mours, so long the tone seemed. " Senes it's done joaieig, whatever it in," maid Finn. We listened again. "Tell 'ee it's rats, Ids," said Finn. "As the cuss was meant for this 'ere ceaftt,' exclaimed the deep voice that lid before spoken, " perhaps if her oeaier waos to come belowr, ah sperrii, if so be it's thaf, 'ud tarn to and talk oute."ain." " Tell 'ee, its rats " cried Finn, scorn fully. "Dats I" eiclaimed Crimp, with great irritation, "if that's all, winy don't Sir Wilfrid ]ay forrmrd and listen for hisselfl" "Won't he comeh"said one of the men. " Come! no,0 rattled out Crimp, " and whyl 'Cause le knows it's the trixti." -"Well," exclaimed Cutbilt," speaking with all proper respect, seems to me that what's mest for the dao-wg ought to be eneat for the man in the likes of suac a hiumble-ccome-tumble out of the main top into the main-hold sort o' job as this." T-'fliere wans newv some gressbliog. Crimp hamd cbled tine wien to gems diat ifed s afraid to enter the forecastle, and sundry aresasi, writh-a atitona touch in, dirce, pasned from'bank to bunk, "Avastl"'roaredFinn; Mlisten if he'll \- peak-now." - - Butno soond reombling a human syl labia entered the atillama+. "It'e rats, I tll ee," shouted the skipper, saking to go on deck. " Coma along, I M gaaonson. Bmaed now if I believethatjaoen istieo enlygrandmother abe as signedarticles for this heruwoyage.'" Butaot Ifoldsed hui thle exlamattons I caught determined me on advising Wil fcidto eome fornard. He lead left Mlisc Jennings standing alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly here and there with an irritalbility of gesture tihat was a sure Pyanptooi in hint aof a troubled and active miagination . On otaotlng eight of mas I emerged out of the blind shadow on tht forward part of the yacht, ihe cried out eagerly, "Well, what have you heard? Is it a voice, Charles I" "There is nethig to hear," I answered. "Finn disrespectfullr calls it rat." "What else, your honour? " exclaimed Finn, " the squeakling of rats nin't unlike a sort o' language. Put the noise they make alon" with the straining of bulk heade and the like of sunch sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ignorant sailors, andI alow yell get what might be tarmed a supernatural woice. Wiltfrid burst into one of his great laughs, but immediately after said in a grave andhollow tonie, "Butyou, Charles, tave before heard something preterna tural in the shape of a hail off yonder quarter, and fro the dead man you found on thewreck." "Fancy,t mere fancy,"I said. "Gracious mercy ? am I making this voyage to carry home with me a belief in ghost l But I wish you'd go into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy: there's nothing to bohard. A u visit from you will pacify the men. They hold that you admit the truth of what they allege by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. Their temper is not of the sweetest. They should be soothed, I think, when it is to b se MASilydoe." Ho hung in thle wind and said in a hesitating way, "What do you think, Finn ?" " Well, Sir Wilfrid, since, as BIr. Mon son says, there's nothen to hear and nothen therefore to cause ye any agitation, I dorn'c doubt that a visit from you would please thie sailors and calm down their minds. I'm bound to say they'ro oneasy,-yes, I'm bound to say that" " Come, then," cried my cousin, and Ihe strided impetuously into the darkness, followed by the skipper. I gave Miss Laura my arm and we started on a little walk. The awning was furled and the dew everywhere sparkled like hoar frost. The quiet night wind sighed in thie rigging, and the yacht, a point or two off her course, and every sheet flat aft, softly broke through tihe black quiet waters with dull pffs of phosphor at times sneaking bylike the eyes of secret shapes risen close to the surface to survey us. The sheen of the binnacle light touched a portion of tie figure of the fellow at the wheel, and threw himnt and a segment of the circle whose spokes he held, out upon the clear, fine, spangled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the impression left on the retitina by an object when the eyelid is closed upon it. My fair companion and I talked of the incidents of the day. One tdng was following another rapidly, I said. 'Twas like a magic-lantern show; scarcely had one picture faded out when something fresh was brightening in its roost. "Whiat manner of sound could it be," she asked, "that thie sailors have inter preted into ceursings and dreadful warningo 1" lt wasno fancy on n pert anyway," said I, "let moe put what face I wil on it to Wilfrid. If ihat the men profess to hear he alf as distinct as what I heard, there must be some kind of sorcery at work, I'll swear." (To Lb esitinteit.) 