TEL i: MERCURY. HOBART. SATURDAY, AUG. 16, 1890. ' -. EPITOME OF NEWS. ! Committee appointed by Marine Board in favour of New wharf extension. , Bothwell Handicap Shooting Match at the Castle Hotel to-day. Temperance meeting in the new Hall, Melville-street, to-morrow evening. Several Launceston milk sellers fined yesterday for watering their milk. ' T S.N. Co.'s seamen say they will stand by the company in the present labour crisis. Mr. Montgomery's lecture last night well attended. Tasmanian Harrier Club run postponed until Saturday next. a Sacred concert to- morrow evening at the Exhibition Building. / Special attractions at the rink this afternoon and evening. No popular, concert at the Temperance Hall to-night, on account of bad weather. Huon Road Trust rate is sold at 6d. in the pound is payable on the 1st proximo. St. Cecilia Cantata rehearsal this evening at 7.30. Football match, Holebrook v. Railway, postponed on account of inclement weather. Mrs. Wool von gives an extract lesson on con- fectionery cooking this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Meeting of Huon land owners convened for the 1st proximo re exchange of streets and road lines. J. B Mather and Sons' place of business will be closed on Monday and re-opened on Tuesday morning. a ¡ Captain Riddle's application to Marine Board for increase of salary not favourably received. Following message received at telegraph office last evening: "Ross, 10 am.' Macquarie River rising. Probably heavy flood." South Bridgewater Road Trust will elect someone to fill the vacant chair unless re- quisitioned for an election before Saturday next. ' l 2 l Macquarie Plains residents ( meet at 11 o'clock this morning at the Gretna Hotel, to discuss Derwent Valley Railway extension proposals. ' ' ' i Y A wor panic prevails in Armenia. J I , ' Tartar scratched for Caulfield Cup! i ' | '1 South Wales strike settled by compromise. The Anglo-Portuguese Convention has concluded. \- I li - _ 40 Natives of Carolina Islands have massacred Spanish soldiers. J S - - | The potato disease has appeared in Ayrshire, Scotland. 7 ' Heligoland is to be made a strongly fortified naval station. - p The German Emperor is now visiting the Czar at St. Petersburg. - | The Russian Army is to be consolidated in the autumn. - I I J I I 1 ; s j Dublin 5 and. Wexford Railway strike has collapsed. A " Mr. John Saville Smith robbed of his valuable watch and chain in Melbourne. Phylloxera has made its appearance among the vineyards of Mamp in France. of South Australian Government defeated on wonr-of-confidonco motion by 27 votes told a British Chemical Union Co. formed.. Capital, eight millions. ' Report that blackleg crow is manning the s.s. Corinna has been contradicted. j Port .Adelaide,short,of coal. The strike not prepared for. The Imperial Parliament prorogued on Monday next. . i m r ? If ' Anglo-French Commission appointed to do-, limit African territory held by both nations. South Australian, Ministry (will probably resign to-day. Public generally regret their defeat. | Albanians are in revolt against Turkey. Storm military repression commanded by the Sultan. , , , , I Dock labourers anniversary celebration in Hyde Park to-morrow. Huge attendance anticipated | The Australasian, c 'houses contributed £37,272 to the London Dock Strikers Relief Fun last year. <//""! Terrible tragedy in East Melbourne. A gay widow shot. Well known land speculator arrested on charge of murder. Steamer Federal left Portland (Vic. ) yester-, day for Launceston. She brings 1,500 tons' of rails for Tasmanian Government. ! The French Government have iib der consideration a scheme for railway connection between Algiers and Cape Town. Shipping strike has commenced Marine officers in Melbourne, yesterday afternoon, gave 24 hours' notice that they would leave their vessels IN the House of Assembly yesterday, Some discussion took place upon the print- ing of papers connected with the Domain Committee. A telegram was road, with other correspondence, referring to the action being taken in London in connection with the purchase of the Main Line Railway by the colony. The rest of the sitting was occupied with the debate on Mr. Burgess' motion, That the financial proposals of (the Government, taken in connection with the character and magnitude of the proposed scheme of Public Works, and the absence of any attempt to reduce public expenditure do not meet with the approval of the House ;" to which an amendment has been proposed by the TREASURER: - "That, in view of the great importance of the Financial and Public Works policy of the Government, it is desirable that this House record its Gooloo, first, as to the financial policy, and secondly, as to the public works policy, rather than that both parts of the policy should be dealt with under one resolution." The motion was negatived by 13 votes to 10 votes. Mr. FentoN followed this with an amendment, declining to proceed with any lines for which the money was not to be provided during the present session, but to this the Thbasuhkh objected, as each line was to be dealt with on its merits. This was also negatived on the same numbers, and then the TkeasuhKU'S amendment was negatived by 10 to 15. ' Mr. Hawkes then wished to move " While this House is prepared to give due consideration to the financial and ordinary Public Works proposals of the Government, it is yet of opinion that, as Parliament is about to expire by effluxion .ofítioíeüit is inexpedient and undesirable to o consider any proposals for the construction of new railways, except those for which contract surveys are completed." The StAKER said notice must be given. Mr Hawkes accepted the ruling of the SPEAKER, but declined to give notice. The Tubasuhkk said the Estimates would be proceeded with on Tuesday. The House adjourned at 2 30 a m until Tuesday. 11,13 not easy to understand why the want of confidence debate was continued at such length for a third night, except on the principle that some members thought that they had something to say. If they did not think, it is certain that they did not succeed; in saying it, that is, if they thought that they had anything to the purpose. The debate last night became very discursive,] ranging over what may be called things in general, with very often little or no reference to the questions before the House. So far as these were con- termed the book may be said to have been closed in the second day of the debate. It was evident at a very early, stage that, there was practically no defence for the financial proceedings of the Ministry, for all that was said in its defence was in the nature of 'every cases.'.- No one, not even Ministers themselves, was bold enough to contend that what was promised had been done. All that was urged was, that they were doing what was most comfortable in the circumstances of the case. It was argued' that if the dodges of the , Ministry were not allowed, then there must be now. taxation, and it was much more agree- able to go on' without it. Several members, notably i Mr. Mugmston,1 took the trouble last night (to go over' once again the, promises, and pledges of Ministers in past years,, but this was merely thrice slaying the slain, and hammering at the nail that was already driven home and clinched. The moral of all this is, of course, that the members! who were so virtuous financially Ni short time ago, are as reckless as they well can be at the present time, and that what they care about is not the position of the colony, but the position! of parties. It is most unfortunate, that members should be so flabby and character, because it results in a financial state of affairs which come tinues to be most unsatisfactory, in character, and must continue to be so for some years to come.' an" important point was raised by Mr. Mugliston, namely, that as the Bill to Amend the Land Law does not come into force until 1891, no' moneys can be kept out of the Sinks ing Fund until after that date. This! appears to be the case, for the obliga- tions under the law must be carried' out, and the Theasuhkh must be mis- taken in supposing that he can get' £19,000 in the present year, except it be got in some indirect, and we may say, improper manner. Ministers, who are fertile in schemes, say that they have an alternative, and it may be so, but, we apprehend, that they should have disclosed it to the House, 30 that what is really the financial policy may' be known. 'of one ventured' to question the validity of the objects tion taken, which seems, indeed, to be beyond question, so that we may conclude that Ministers will have to add another to the many financial "takes," to use an expressive if vulgar term at which these dragons of virtue have shown themselves such adepts In truth, during the latter part of the debate yesterday it went decidedly against Ministers, in spite of some rather unseemly interruptions at times from their supporters, who showed themselves decidedly uncomfortable at the turn which, the discussion was- taking, and seemed to be unable at one time to contain themselves within what may be called proper bounds. "It was evident throughout that there was a very strong objection, to the public works scheme, as it was, regarded as an' election dodge, and not of a very reputable < character, seven members on the ministerial side, who', seemed ready to swallow almost anything in the way ' of, financial schemes,' were not prepared to go all the way with Ministers in 'tub Ina through public 1 works, as there was nbt'snrfioient information before the House. A perception of this, fact, no doubt,) led the 'JJitiiAsuitut to move his amendment that the finances and public works be considered separately, ?aS'itiwa.s evident that votes might be lost if the two were kept together. 'Mr! HkwKi.s. embodied in anJ'airiend¡ ment this feeling!) also, to the effect, that it iN undesirable to; enter upon a large scheme J'of ' pitMic- works 'at the present time -i Ma this served to show that the . ministerial family is by no means' happWoiie-, and that there is no distinct line of policy 'Nvhien, secures ia ..general).support.n/Atrall, events, it may be said that the debate has shown that the motion of want of confidence Iiu'cl dimple warrant, for we (suppose that there never was an occasion in. which a Ministry and its supporters had so little to say in. their own defence Unfortunately, as we have already said, votes are not very much affected by argument, for were this not the case, Ministers would not have had even, so much as the ghost of a chance It is evident, indeed, that their works scheme will not be accepted, but we shall be told, no doubt, that this is only another matter of detail, and Ministers will say again, in their Tools! fashion, thank you, it's of no importance." Now, we say looking at all these facts, which are absolutely indisputable, that there has seldom or never been a discussion on a vote of went of confidence which went so distinctly against the Ministry of the day as this one. Whether we look at the Sinking Fund case, the fulfilment of pledges, the finance scheme generally, and the public works scheme, we find that there is no real defence, but only excuses, and even Ministers themselves have to fall back on what they call an alternative in regard to what may be called their great coup. We know of no other instance in which so much could be said against a Ministry, which may be fairly called so abject yet alive Towards the end of the debate things got rather confused, it not being very clear which side some members were supporting Then some members seemed to get mixed up amongst the amendments, and, generally, the whole case was any thing but so clear as it might have been with advantage to the House and to the public." ' Indeed! the quantity offered ' want matter that was spoken caused the talking to be prolonged by at least a couple of hours, to no purpose, except to enable some members to say that they had spoken. The" lander of the Opposition in his reply, brought back the discussion to what we máy~cfdl its fight lines, that is, he showed that Ministers had not carried out their plodges'to'adjust revenue to expenditure. Apart from all the side issues raised, this is, in fact, the only question worthy of any notice, and it, is, to be regretted that the' House did not rise to the occasion, and deal with, the essential point of the whole case as it stood plainly before it. How hardly Ministers were pressed may be learned from the fact, that the Thkasurku found, himself forced to move an amendment on a vote of want of confidence, clearly showing that they were not prepared ; to face the direct, the , proper, and the honourable issue which was before the House. The amendment of the TuiíASuiiEii having been carried by a majority of two, a further amendment, in tho shape of additional words, was moved by Mr. Fenton, that only such lines be dealt with by the House as the Government is prepared to find money for, during the present session. This was lost, with a slight change in the members voting, and the Treasurer's amendment was lost by a majority of four, which means, we suppose, that the whole business is to be gone over again, as nothing remained but the word " that." Mr. Hawkes then moved his amendment that no railways be undertaken, except those for which contract surveys have been made. The Speaker ruled that notice must be given of this amendment, which left the House in a great muddle, but the Ministry in a greater. The Royal College of Music, London, to which Mr. Robert Cunningham, and many other young Australian students of music have so lately added their names as adherents, ' is of comparatively modern 01 girl, having only been founded in 1882, as the result of the personal interest which H.R.H. the Prince of Wales takes in the divine art. The college, which is meant to be more available to the general public than the older and more conservative institution of a similar character, was formally opened in' May, 1883, with (the fourfold object of (1) Afford ng systematic musical instruction of the highest class. to pupils, both professional and amateur, of both sexes ; (2) Awardirig certificates of proficiency, titles,' and academical degrees,' to all persons, whether educated in the College or not, who may prove themselves worthy of such distinction ; (3) Becoming a centre of musical study for the nation, to which other musical bodies may be affiliated and (4) Generally taking such steps as the Council may from time to time think (it for promoting the interest, of music and musicians, and for otherwise advancing the study of music. Its success has been most pronounced. The sell dur ships are very numerous, and in a certain number of deserving cases provision is made for the maintenance, as well as for the the son of the successful candi- lines, and, is the report says, the yearly increase in the number of students soon caused 'the buildings to' become woefully inadequate to the national character of the institution. A good friend was found in the person of Mr. Samson Fox, of Leeds, a musical >nthiisiii3t with a long purse and a liberal heart, and by li is munificent gift of £45,000 a new and handsome block was contracted for, and the foundation stone was laid last month with considerable re- joicing. Sir Geo. Grove is the conductor of the institution, and of him and the rest of the tutorial staff a London writer says : " Sir George has been all the more successful in his post for his versatility and wide range of interest. It may surprise many to know that he was trained as an engineer that he was engaged on the building of the Menai Bridge that he built light Minutes in the West Indies that he was manager of the Crystal Palace and editor of ACaemtUan'« Afa'/azine; that he wrote a great part of Smith's Dictionary of the Bible. and yet so it is! To his tact, his sympathy, and his immense capacity for work the success of the College has been largely (Ino. And he has been fortunate in attaching to himself a first 'rate staff. The professors of the Royal College in a greojtinumbor of cases are not merely men of musical ability, , but of general 'culture There are Dri'Hubort^Párry/with the true, Etonian's faculty, of doing everything well Drs Stanford j an admirable composure gifted writer, and a first-rate conductor ; Dr. Parratt, great at the key- board's' attache, chess-board Dr Westminster Bridge, who is not only an organist, hut aihnmor¡Bt;'Mr. 61 i (Te, whose Op. I proved a 'master-piece ; Professor Blumó,w|i¿||wo<lstlie traditions of the because with the intelligence of the German school. and many others,' who musicians. and good follows With such staff it is not to ho 1 Wondered as that 'even -w within' the short space of, several years excellent results should have been achieved, all our Australian I vocalists ought to develop) their talents under ; such a 'galaxy of specialism. t l. I -still,. ? ,, | A VERY curious Amount of reserve is being displayed by Parliament in regard to certain, correspondence which' has been tabled in the Assembly in reference to the Queen's Domain. The Printing Committee declined' to make; any order in regard to the documents and the House itself, when the ques- tion" of painting came before it yesterday, suddenly, developed a most extraordinary spirit of economy that is very much at variance with its usual attitude. More than (this. When the representative of the Press applied to see the papers, as affecting a question which is of vital importance, to the citizens of Hobart, who are in danger of being deprived inch by inch of their most valuable reserve, they were informed by the Clerk of the House that they could not have them. This' is red-tape with a vengeance, and the sooner this specimen of it is swept away the better. The tabling of papers is meant for the information of t members, and, inferentially for the uniforms- tion of the public, and in no way out the contents be made so general as through the Press, while on the other hand IS anything like an element of secrecy is imported, it raised a suspicion that there is something to be withheld, something the public should not hear of. There may be nothing in the papers that is not already known. The suggestion to the contrary arises out of tWi unwise hedge with which they are raw surrounded. Seeing the interest that undoubtedly now uttaehcaJothupaporB.thobcst thing the Pi inting Committee can do, is to cut the Gordian knot and spend two £12 folio Government Printer tells them the printing will cant. t THERE is no end to the manner in which circumstances alter cases, Last night in the Assembly the speaker thought fit to road the Opposition a lesson, about saying things which might lesson the credit of the 1 colony i abroad, especially as there was always a tendency to exaggeration when political! feeling' was strong The lesson I was a good one, though it hvA no particular relation to what has been said during the recent debate, but it is a pity that when members now on. the ministerial side were in Opposition, they did not bear the lesson in mind. What has been said recently '1 as moonlight unto Bjnliglit and .'^""Wer unto wine," in comparison with what used to be said some three years ago. Certainly, the present Opposition compares very favourably in this respect w left the former one. Summaiw rou Kukopb.-Our letter House containing a record of thousands for the past fortnight, will, be found on the fourth page of this day's issue. Soi'l'l.KMKM.-Tho supploln nt to this day's issue contains the reports of yesterday's sitting, of the liament, Uinlwiy Construc- tion, Marine Board, City Police Court, Mining, Stock and 'Jiaio Marko-, Lum. Boston, and Otu'Molh urge Ladies' Letter. Tun Band 0. Line The heavy rains that have fallen during the last few days have played havoc with the works on the Parattah and Oatlands Kuli way. Yesterday the Minister of Lands and Works received ui'tclognini, from the. Engineer in-Chief on the following terms s"Wash out again at the old place on the Oatlands line " In the evening the Minister received the following telegram from Mr. F. Back, in favor of the Government luilwuyi;-"Traillo on Oatlands line interrupted by floods, probably Monday before resumed." U.vii'oliMiTV Wantku - Improvements have been elec, ted at the Treasury ÜiiihÜtnr ' "? by the substitution of modern plate glass windows for the ancient small panes. The change has certainly made the Government bloc*'appoat very much better, and the whole of the Murray and Elizabeth street allies are now uniform, line turn to the Davey street edifices, and there to be seen four old-fashioned windows which spoil the appearance of those in matures, and for the sake of uniformity the 'Works Department might incur the expense of supplying the old frameS with plate glass. MisKRtr. Looks Mr. Montgomery delivered a very instructive lecture last evening in the Mayor's Court-room, on "The Origin an I Character of Mineral Lodes." Sir Lambert Dobson occupied the chair, and there were also present a large number of mining men, of units of the Technical School,' and others. Mr. Montgomery commenced his lecture by stating that lodes were supposed to be nothing else than fissures or cracks in the earth's crust, caused by the cooling of the surface of the globe. Another explanation was that they were composed of igneous rocks which had forced their way up and formed' mineral veins. There was another probable cause, namely, by earthquake shocks. He then explained how the fissures were filled with the various minerals, showing that the note and veins in the fissures were totally different from the country rock through which, they passed. That was 1 particularly oxoinphlioil by noticing the rooks on the West Coast; One of the means of the lodes being filled was by internal secretion, a kind of dissolution of the rock by the mains of rain water and, carbonic gas. i The substances which combine to form the various minerals were silica, lime, oxide of iron, alumina, magnesia, manganese, oxides of potassium, and sodium. The second theory as to filling was the ascension or hot springs theory. He gave a very lengthy description of wheatmeal oxistedlhroughoutthu various r old, and went on to show that carbonic acid, united with water, formed one of the most powerful dissolving substances known. In hot spring lodes there was practically no bottom, but in lateral society n lodes there was a bottom. At the instance of the Chairman, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer. The usual compli- ment to the chair concluded the proceedings. Hon mt Pabmambstaiiy Bkiiatimq As- sociation.- this society's usual weekly meet- iii;.' was held at he Masonic Hall last night, there being a fair attendance of the members. After the records of the last proceedings had been road, Mr. O. Kalbfell continued the debate on the question of Freetrade versus Protection, which was adjourned from last week The following members also spoke : -Messrs J. Lindley, M. water, C. D. Hoggins, C, B Howroyd, W. J. Bailey, W. M. Willison," T, J. Lloyd, W. A. Finlay, July Longmore, J. W. Israel, C. Hamilton, and E. Hawson. Mr., Williams having replied, and an amendment having been moved in favour of intercolonial fleet mile, the question was put with the result thurtle amendment was carried, and the" original motion lost. Mr. W. A. Finlay announced that next week's Association world d sense the Divorce Law and amendment of the Police Government Act. The meeting adjourned shortly; after 10 o'clock. SuioiTicoNLtNTKiiNKxiiiiimoN.-Owing to the inclement we ther on thursday at cu- ing only about 30 people w also brave enough to venture out to see the lantern exhibition given at All Saints' Schoolroom. Before the entertainment begun Mr. Tarleton notified Mint the programme would be gone through for the benefit of those present, but that the cn tot sanguine would be repeated on Tuesday evening next to that those who had already procured tickets might have the opportunity of availing themselves of them if the u outlier was more favourable. The first item on the programme was an amusing account of a trip to Browning's Falls by a party of 12, the camera being the chief of the party. Items illustrated by nearly 40 views of the Derwent, Bridgewater, New Norfolk, Browning's Falls etc. Everything wor Iced Veil, and the interest was kept up throughout. The second part of the programme was a number of Tasmanian and English slides, chiefly Tasmanian views taken by amateurs, and were remarkably good. Holy 'Trinity Sale. Prohibitory wea thor yesterday again made it necessary for the sale of fancy work in the Holy Trinity Schoolroom to be postponed, the time fixed on this occasion being 3 p, iii on Monday next. The I organisers of the ! affairs-, have been unfortunate so far in regard to the state of the elements, but it is hoped that on Monday an effective sale of-, those character of the articles will be accomplished. TBtirKKANCE «Mkbiino.-Al pub told me perance meeting is to he held in the Tem- portico Hall to morrow evening. The Alliance choir is to assist, and the proceedings are to commence at half-past 8 n clock; I ' Tasmanians in New 55Ea.í.a'ni>.-'Wolnoto from a recent exchange that Mre' vV>,<itA. ß.°il|y<!.B.A.j has been promoted, to Class. among New Zealand State school, teachers. IMA'' Reilly' took a first-class ''Associate of Arts Degree in 1872 and had spent most? of his time since in scholastic pursuits in New Zealand's -'(;;',i t//.M.l )/!,' Social. HvKNiNii at Hamilton, Wool Respondent writes :-,'JA» very enjoyable social ovemngrtook place Little's the auspices of St. Peter's (child of I'ersovorauce of their bulldust Wednesday, There nugatory fair gathering, possibly, owning., to an illustrated 'advertisement by a local artist,, which Messrs. MiuUleii Bros, kindly cUiilnted. in their shop to induce! Great credit is due to the Misses Madden,' Sibley (3), Denholme,' and Bailey, and other members of the gland for the excellent management of the thyroid 'and provision of eatables, which far surpassed the illustrations of the above mentioned advertisement. AU half past year Miss. Millie Sibley opened the pro endings with a. pianoforte solo, Mr. Holmes afterwards gave a very amusing reading, andisongs.wote contributed by the Rev. C. W. H Barker, who also gave- a comic reading, and Mr. Roche. During the evening various, game's and pastimes were indulged in, and after the refreshments had been natísitiebonlly. discussed, the, proceedings were loyally closed at 10 o'clock with Usd Save the- Queen. Some of the party staged for an linda V dancing, which Hi'enm to be necessary to the completeness of all country, cntcDiauuuents. Oukhw, Ponds Parish A parochial meeting will be held at the Lecture Hall, Kempton, on the 19th inst., tawole/xuo the Rev. J. Tryon Wilful). Cxuuuii Skkviukh -At the Memorial Church to morrow Rev. R. W. Sharp will conduct morning; and evening service, At the Wesleyan Church, Melville street, the Tfejv. R. W. Thompson will conduct morning, Mid the Rev. S. T. Withington evening 1 service and vice versa at the Davey-street church. Mr. J of conduct morning service at the High street church Morning and evening services will be conducted at Chalmers.! Free Church by the Rev. C. B. Talbot, at the Hobart Tabernacle by Pastor McCullough, at St. John's Presbyterian Church by the Rev. I. K. McIntyre, at St. AihIow'h by the Rev. James Scott, and ab Wesleyan Church, New Town, by the Rev. D. Annear. Prizes P«iK)Ns.-C. WaUho writes s-" I beg to state that pigeons belonging to me won first Molbout na Pigeon and Canary Improvement Show ; first, and trial in. Geelong and first, second, and third Melbourne Poultry and Dog Society held this week Jacobus hen, Iflt CJ and P Iinn.Sliow,:irdGeolong,and 1st Melbourne V. and D Show. Jacobin cock, 1st Geelong and 2nd Melbourne P and D. -Show; Antwerp lieu, 3rd, only nine exhibited, Melbourne l'- uni! V, Show." A telegram received by McMiles last evening states treaty, H. Johnson's partridge, teetotaller' «¿nuK«contt prize. SuÍiÍkvib Courtaulds Honor the Chief Justice yesterday aclinlltwl Mr. Robert, Samuel Hawkins, formerly of Oxford, England, and Wellington, New Zealand, to practice in the Supreme Court of Tasmania. CômiKuTio».-In Mr. MoIVijuiU's letter, published on Thursday, "console' v Joiner in West Hobart should have been "Buyer." City Band A sacred concert is aid noticed to be given you by the City Band In "the Exhibition Building to-morrow evening, commencing at 8 o'clock, Hilder the conductorship of Mr F Harper. Pkdkstwanisvi.-Compet'tors in the Go tw you-please Match, which commences on Monday next, meet this morning at West's Palace Hotel at 8 o'clock, * , , CiiiiAI'Vkiiii.i,im.-Mr. K C. A. Nicholls, of the Excelsior Steam Carriage Works, announces in our- columns a genuine cheap sale of vehicles of every description, from chaise carts and spring drays, to Parisian phaetons and buggies. His announcements of sales at reduced prices are always be accepted 113 told feet; and it is hardly needs any i o say the present one is, no exception to the rule. i TlIHATHIUAl. Manager Rohiiko. The Argus reports that on Sunday morning, 10th inst., Mr. John Savile Smith, lessee of the Gaiety Theatre, who is playing at Wilson b Palace Hotel, Bourke- street, had a gold waters, with gold albert, locket, quartz, pony-; (hurt, and silver r pencil case, taken from his vest pocket while he was absent from his room. The property, which is valued at £70; has not yet Coon recovered "In Oaiikkst Afuma."-'i'ho following is from the Melbourne Herald :- "Intending purchasers of Mr H. M. Stanley's book, 'In . Darkest Africa,' will do well to satisfy themselves that they obtain the genuine " work and do not have foisted on them a spurious imitation It has become known to the Customs authorities and to the book- selling trade that an American work has been introduced into the colony, which, though it does not on the face of it purport to ho Mr. Stanley's book, yet claims to be a narrative of H. M Stanley's explorations in Africa, The 'Cn toms authorities cannot interfere, but there is reason to apprehend that the American work is being sold to persons under the illusion that it is the genuine work, The narrative is compiled figures the records of the explorations of Du Chaillu \- Baker, Livingstone, and other' African explorers, and from such letters from Stanley as appeared, in the English press. As an example' 'of the 'character of this latest American novelty, it may be mentioned that it contains, a number of engravings, one of which purports to he an illustration of a war dance of an African trip, but is in reality an old and familiar engraving of a Maori war dance, as may be readily seen. , Even the running is retained, and the so-' called African warriors are armed with old, fashioned muskets Some of the other illustrations are familiar as household words to readers on African subjects. The genuine " hook is published by the well-known firm of Sampson, Low, and Marston, and hears their Smith-st on the title, page." We may -,_"Add to this that Messrs. J. Walch and Sons tïuSjg thoTusmaiiiuù,agents.' j ', ' j I butKNïoiiTS ok JjAiiomt-The, following ugB(W published in the Lj/Uilton'Titiie* gives -" information of much general interest about this Association, whose right of interference -in labour contracts has just been repudiated by the engineers and in one on the New York railways.' It shows also" the attempt being made to extend its influence to the Australasian ' colonies ;! - "Philadelphia, May 28, 1869. Dear Sir and Brother. am pleased to welcome your L.A. into our Order, and I trust that it,will,ho the forerunner of many more. For your information I would say that in addition to the. dance Assemblies that' are , now working in New Zealand, our Order has; extended to Great Britain and Ireland, France, Belgium, Germany' and' Australia,'"uijd we are continually receiving inquiries from other parts. The law is against 'us i in France and Germany; or we ' would by this, time have been very strong in these countries. Bro. Lyght informed me that our name has been brought in dis- repute already in your city 1 hope you will be on your guard, and' put none but true men in office, as on that will chiefly depend the saca ss of your Assembly. I presume you will be able to get into coin rminicutioh'With the other two Assemblies. The one in Auckland has already SOO members in fact, if their anticipations were realised they have by this time nearly wrenched 1,000. FOur watchwords are 11 du cato,-) agitate, and organise,' but while we are anxious to organise as much as possible,' {jreatLicure-should Jan taken., as to who are admitted. Three years ago we had over 700,000 members ; To-day we have between 300,000 and 400,000, but we claim that we are more influential to-day than over we have been. -A wave of organisation struck this country, and the Assemblies' could not keep clear of the riff-raff element which came in more for curiosity than to work for our principles, and we are better without them, than with them We believe we have a bright future before us, but there is a terrible sight of work to be done before we reach our goal. Many of the objects we are striving for here you have, I believe, got, but without doubt you have sufficient to work for I remain, yours fraternally, " John Warwicks, G.S.T." i, , , Tub Dki'aui.tkk Joshua recent London cable stated that Alf. ed George Jones, who disappeared mysteriously from Melbourne on Marsh 5, had been arrested in London. He was at one time a clerk in the ,cniploy^'0f'oMessrs., Phipps; Turnbull and Co. After leaving that Iii in he took an office .- with Mr. R;'Manfield/Taylor, accountant, in Market-buildings, William-street,! and his business, which consisted in buying and selling " different 'lines' of merchandise on commission, occasionally necessitated his visiting ships which arrived in the bay from foreign ports.' He lived with his wife a) d family of No. n0,*Korfoul-road, Albert-park',, and he left liquors the usual away on March 25 to go to business at his new office, where he had only been installed for a few weeks. Mrs. poB received telegram from him on '' tríe'Bhflio'ílay; stating that he had missed the captain and taken boat;"'lilli'she never saw her husband afterwards. Subsequently a Ka "beat H.Is ''found on- the-' deaths together '-Month's able liat'iiuirkerVwitli thomas of A.. O. Joni)S,<li'Iiú|iilrioB showed that Jones' life was heavily iiisuroll/l'undo tliatrlie-wasliu financial difficulties, and a few weeks after his disappearance a warrant was issued for his arrest on surcharge of fraudulent- insist ) (}. Nle1IIOiir*i.Gl,01iK'BUEWKRV, bega of ' draw attention to his very Superior Stock] to Choice Wines and Spirits. A Single Bottle may be had>atuWholesalo Prices; also his Malt Ale, which obtained the highest awards at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. 1888-89, which may; be had in Quarts and Pints. Dandelion Ale, a Refreshing Summer ,,, ,r»rink,,,aiid|iwhicti lis.giiiirautood to keeping , all climates, may be had in Quarts and Pints. 1 This Also is extensively used in all the Australian Colonies, also by,,tho,Genoral Nos l natal and the Tasmanian Government, and" ' . highly recommended, by, the medical profes- ' sion as a tonic for Purifying the Blood and is. Actingoiithô'Liver, ?. vi- I 