SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS.' L. PHOlb.GBipks'haTe':^ the Wo.interestiiig" qldnstronouiicnl inVlTU^. meats. at ^Thase instruments', are the 'most aTicieit- :6iE the; lijntL in (lie world, having been' made Ijy order ot the Emperrir KuMai Khan in the year 1279. . They are- exquisite-JpiecesVof;. bronze work, and ;aie in .'splendid epiSition, sixlitecl^iy&rarvi; Da." ,:;.of- : GiistrolnY^'j.Gerinanjr^ straggly vecdmiiiends'-tli'at iii cases, bf lead poisoning p. .small 'ijuiuitityof- blooislioulcT tie talreii frair ; flie, arm..y He. 3ias;'practiced this tyeateent in twenty-five case's, '.find' speaks iwai'My of- >th'e.: isuceess'te^ •witlv.tlie patients m :s6me" cases fc^esSiSg themselves as ip^-eatly reUeyed^iiiiedintely :, after the (^eik^a^^lffie^l^onlti^iifg: a. marked cliaiige-£or,tUe;!£fettei7 fisosa that time. _ "What.is .called." the .iceTh^:.treatment " of iuifenialS'jicm^lta^'^iNi^'Msiav and various other ailments, lias come into considerable vogue on the continent of. Europe and !las been .introduced into England. It coiisistslin- layiiig nil.impervious bag filledivitliippunded jc'e upon the lungs. and other afiected parts. Eminent :English: ; physicians, oppose ..the practice 1 . oil- the"; ground that tlieiekiit-mto bag weakenstlia' iritalitiy^ of ' the - parts to- •which it is. applied, and retards instead of acceleratiii^'.th'e reco"-reiy;qf the patient. book has liedri ffouiid jii Italy,, wj'itwii'-'by.a Venetian (lodor, Euschio:' ignoiio, and published in 1746^v6.;years. M coverics of AbbS Collet, of whicli the title is ' , Electridtjv : or'iiI>e\'El^^c;.'Korce-.- of for tlie"epoch it•yd6i^''i«,-iuid-;cm"tl«iiSder is this - characteristic :paragrapli": "What fatal surprise awaits ttie : firstexperimenter who; haying found thetneans ofartificially producing lightning, -will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." Aijpiies have enthusiastic advocates. - One of them, writing for the Country Gentleman, says: " It is not claimed for tiie apple that it is a complete' food in. itself, but oil the food list it possesses a valiie far above the nutrients it furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them after, rather than before, meals; If one feels that he has eaten.lhore diiiner. than is compatible Willi 'his -Mter comfort, he will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford greater relief than an alcoholic drinlt or a drug-store prescription." ' ' L IN the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonies of introduced pheasnhls. The most northerly of'these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near A 7 ictoria; the second in Protection Island in iPuget Soundthe "third at the junction of the Willamette lliver with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the 'Willamette Volley. The two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the next few years. All the pheasants of the .threecolonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge 0. N. Denny.' Two. new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological' stations, are described as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about live inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a-cup. AVlien a shock or tremor occurs, tile rod falls away from its support and is canglit by a fixed metallic ring, inaking electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged, lever arrangement, which stops the meclianisui of a tiine-piece, showing when the earthquake shock occurred.. ft. srxGur.us. Asiatic people called the Alias, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs, of tlieir arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is' made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in flie wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when he. has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying- place, his soul can never go home after death. This inability of tlie''spirit td cross" water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the stream that divides the grave, from the house "of tlie, departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given him. De. W. B. RiceM-bson, in an article on "ThePhysiology:of•jjtoodjanff,'Bvilsays: " Let us firstlook on tlie ideal of goodness or perfection. The scientific view of human perfection is strict and -plain. Men of science of all men," fail' to see any human, representative who is the perfection of goodness. To.them tliere is but One perfect and truly sane intelligence, whose 1 immensity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, wliose --goodness" nonS'can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy 3Iis. rastencej-alltliouglit'Itisiuiiia. Men: of. jfl.'' inost'p^ptfs.'^^'o^.j^fdir own 'children of genius, their : discoveries," tlieir..'.inaityES-';. but they veutinre not to compare even them with aught that is above our common, humanity." "In tlie iintroductoi'j'.dectui'e •'to'-'the aj*ri.T cultural class at. tlie' University of Edinburgh, delivered .at .the ivpwii'.ig of the l>resent session, • Professor.: Wallace urgesthat sheep. fariiiers;'in : .6reat Britain Vill shortly, feel the effects of rivalry with the flock-masters.of Australia. There are 100,OUO,0.00 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos,: winch- are riot, • tiy* tlie. way,' ,a flesh-yielding, but. a wool-giving race. Professor Wallace hazards the opinion that, before, many'.years -have -paissed, : Australia will be. possessed of over 200,000,000. :He inalcels,. also,, flie,as'te^hingfitatemeut-tliiit ; merinb.;mutton.is.equal^iixflavour-inkltex- ; \- ture to the best Highland, Welsh, or Southdown mutton. Upon these two . assumptions dueers of his country whicli his country- 1 jKcn'Jiop'c l:e will not'live to see. : -••' ' •'-' 1 ™' ACpnious. Exi'P.itnn'.xr.—Dr; Gallon . tells*'us':offan. experiiiieiit -liCiiuade in'an \- • aqmwium AvitU tv^o fisli.' It wardiviflbd : A ' . his nose^ agaiiist 'the" g!a,ss.;-, .Finally, ',-lie'; ;: V seize^heigjLcligeomilie now- .swam, .about;, seeing- tlife-.gii.dgepn;; Then'tlie plate of-glass^was removed; This made no difference,'-tlie pike Sid not afe , tempt Ao' '-.titlce'-i.tlie gu'dgephV' v.He had • acquired- the'liabit-of leaving tlie' giidgeon ' : alone: jThe'cbn-uudruTji was, would hisdc- - Bcendaiits inherit that'habit or possess the., original impulse, of their kind ?-'. ill'ustra-: what Mr. Galto'n waiitsi 