A BRIDE FROM THE BUSH. By E.W.Hornung. CHAPTER VI. COMPARING NOTES. But during those first few days, Lady Bligh did not get many opportunities of carrying out her good intentions towards her daughter-in-law. For several mornings in succession, Alfred carried off his wife to London and they never returned until late in the afternoon. They also went to the theatre twice in the first week. They were seeing the sights of the town and the bride did appear to be impressed with what she saw ; but the prospect of an unreserved and racy commentary from her on everything, which the first hour of her meeting her husband's family had seemed to hold out \- and which Granville, for one, had counted upon - was not properly realised. And at this Alfred was scarcely less disappointed than Granville. " Why don't you tell them more about what you think of things ?" said Alfred. " They won't think you half appreciate the old country." " I can't help it," replied his young wife. " You know that I do like what I see, dear ; you know that I am just delighted with everything, but how can I tell them so, unless I tell them in my own way ? I can see they don't like it when I drag in the colonies ; yet you must compare what you see with something you've seen before, and Australia is the only other country I have ever seen." But the fact is, it was not so much their daughter-in-law's comparisons, which were inoffensive in themselves, as the terms in which these comparisons were expressed, that Lady Bligh and Sir James felt bound to discourage. For it soon became plain that Gladys could not talk for two minutes about her native country without unseemly excitement ; this excitement producing a small broadside of undesirable phrases, an aggravation of the dreadful Australian twang and occasionally some indecorous bush idiom that necessitated a hasty change of subject. When Australia was rigorously tabooed the bride was safe and stupid ; when it was not, she might be bright, animated and amusing - but you could never tell what she would say next. Conversation became full of perils and pitfalls. The particular conversations that revealed the thinness of the ice in this quarter, were trivial in the extreme. In them, it was mere touch- and-go with the dangerous subject, nothing more ; nothing more because Gladys was quick to perceive that the subject was unpopular. So she became rather silent in the long evenings at the dinner-table and in the drawing-room ; for it was her only subject, this one that they did not seem to like. For strangers, however, who were glad to get up a conversation with one of the prettiest women they had ever met in their lives, it was the likeliest topic in the world. They could not know that Australia was dangerous ground. The first of them who ventured upon it did not soon forget the experience, though it was always a more amusing reminiscence to him than to Gladys's new relations, who heard all that passed, and grinned and bore it. The stranger in question was by way of being illustrious. He was a Midland magnate, and his name, Travers, was a good one ; but, what was much more to the point, was that he was a very newly elected member of the House of Commons, in fact, " the new boy" there. He came down to dinner at Twickenham flushed with the agreeable heat of successful battle. Only the week before he had snatched his native borough from the spreading fire of democracy, and it was one of the very closest and most keenly contested by-elections of that year. Naturally enough, being a friend of some standing, he talked freely of his electioneering experiences and with a victor's rightful relish. His manner, it must be owned, was a trifle ponderous ; Granville thought he was an inflated bore. But Mr. Travers, M.P., was well listened to and he fought his good fight over and over again with untiring energy, and depicted it from so many commanding points of view, that even when it came to tea in the drawing-room, the subject was still unfinished. At all events, it then for the first time became lively ; for it was then that Mr. Travers turned to young Mrs. Bligh ( also for the first time ), and honoured her with an observation : " No doubt you order these things better in Australia, eh ?" " What things ?" asked the bride, with some eagerness, for of Australia she had been thinking, but not of Mr. Travers or his election. " Why," said the member, with dignity, " your elections. I was speaking of the difficulty of getting some of the lower orders to the vote ; you have almost to drive them there. What I say is, that very probably in Australia you manage these things on a superior system." " We do," said the bride laconically. The new member looked astonished as he had expected a more modest answer. " Indeed !" he said stiffly, and addressed himself to his teacup. " For," exclaimed the bride, exhibiting dangerous symptoms, " we do drive 'em to the poll out there, and make no bones about it neither !" " Indeed ?" said Mr. Travers again, this time with some curiosity in his tone. " This is interesting. I always thought Australia was such a superlatively free country !" The bride scented a sarcasm. " So it is," she cried warmly, beginning to speak at a perilous pace, and with her worst twang. " My word it is ! But you don't understand me. It's like this ; we do drive 'em to the poll up the bush. I've driven 'em lots o' times myself. The voters are camped out all over the runs, for all the hands have a vote and to get 'em to the police- barracks ( the poll, d'ye see ? ) on election day, each squatter has to muster his own men and drive 'em in. I used to take one trap with four horses, and father another. Gracious, what a bit of fun it was ! But the difficulty was - " She hesitated, for Lady Bligh was staring at her, and though her ladyship's face was in shadow, the bride was disturbed for a moment by the rigid pose of the old lady's head. A queer expression came over the face of the new member, but this Gladys could not see, for he was a tall man, standing, while she was seated. " What was the difficulty ?" asked Granville from a corner, in an encouraging tone. Gladys instantly forgot Lady Bligh. " To keep 'em from going to the shanty first," she answered with a merry laugh. " The shanty ?" repeated Mr. Travers with a vague idea of sailors' songs. " The pub, then. Of course, they all went afterwards, and got - tight ; but we were obliged to keep them sober till they'd voted and that's where the difficulty came in." The assembly shuddered ; but, before new ground could be broken, Mr. Travers, for the first time interested in somebody else's electioneering experiences, said inquiringly : " These squatters, I presume, represent the landed interest ; my party, in fact ?" " Oh, I don't know nothing about that," replied the bride. At this juncture Alfred announced, in an uncommonly loud and aggressive tone, that - what do you think ? - the glass was going down ! " Is it ?" cried Sir James with a lively concern quite foreign to his habit. " Dear, dear ! And Mr. Travers just now assured me that the weather was entirely settled. I fear that this will disappoint - er - Mr. Travers !" But it failed even to attract that gentleman's attention ; and Granville chuckled satanically in the background over the ingenuousness of the device. Mr Travers, in fact, was sufficiently interested elsewhere. " Yet, of course," he was saying, " there are two parties ?" " My word there are !" returned the bride. " And do you call them Whig and Tory ?" " I don't think so," she said doubtfully. " Conservative and Liberal, perhaps ?" " Not that I know of." " Yet you say you have two parties." " Of course we have, same as you," broke in the bride, who would brook anything but the implied inferiority of Australia even in the most trivial respect. " But all ever I heard 'em called was the squatters' candidate and the selectors' man." " And your men, I suppose, voted for the squatters' candidate ?" " I should rather hope so !" said Mrs. Alfred, with severe emphasis. " Even Daft Larry - who's both deaf and mad - had sense enough to give us his vote !" Mr. Travers, though astonished at her tone, said nothing for the moment, but Granville asked from his corner : " What if they didn't, Gladys ?" The bride was seized with a sudden fit of uncontrollable mirth. Some reminiscence evidently tickled her. " There was one man that we knew who voted wrong," she said, " and he got it pretty hot, I can tell you !" " Advance, Australia !" murmured Granville. " I am sorry to hear that, Mrs. Bligh," said Mr. Travers ( who had ceased to deal with the local tradesmen in the Midlands, who were suspected of having 'voted wrong' the previous week. " I am sorry indeed to hear that. May I ask who punished him ?" " Certainly - I did !" It was a startling reply. The Judge quietly left the room. Alfred, with his back turned to everyone, surveyed his red face in the mantel mirror, and ground his teeth. Only Lady Bligh sat stoically still. " He came back to the trap very drunk - blind, speechless, paralytic," the bride explained rapidly, " and owned up what he'd done as bold as brass. So I let him have it with the whip, pretty sudden, I can tell you ! It was chiefly for his drunken insolence - but not altogether," said Gladys candidly. Mr. Travers had been rather glad to pick up a thing or two concerning Australian politics, but he now considered himself sufficiently enlightened. " Do you sing, Mrs. Bligh ?" he asked rather abruptly. " Not a note," said the bride, perceiving with regret that, the subject was changed. " You play, perhaps ? If so - " " No, I can't play neither," said the bride, smiling broadly - and bewitchingly. " I'm no good at all, you see !" It seemed too true. She had not the saving grace of a single accomplishment - nothing, nothing, nothing but her looks ! CHAPTER VII. IN RICHMOND PARK. The day after Mr. Travers dined at Twickenham was almost the first day that passed without the happy pair running up to London together. " It's far too hot to think of town, or of wearing anything but flannels all day," said Alfred in the morning. " But there's plenty to see hereabouts, Gladdie. There's Bushy Park and Hampton Court, Kew Gardens and Richmond Park. What do you say to a stroll in Richmond Park ? It's as near as anything, and we shall certainly get most air there." Gladys answered promptly that she was "on" (they were alone ) ; and they set out while the early haze of a sweltering day was hanging closely over all the land, but closest of all about the river. There was something almost touching in the air of serious responsibility with which these two went about their daily sight-seeing, though Granville derived the liveliest entertainment from the spectacle. The worst of guides himself, and in many respects the least well-informed of men, Alfred nevertheless had no notion of calling in the aid of a better qualified cicerone, and of falling into the rear himself to listen and learn with his wife. At the same time, the fierce importance to his wife of this kind of education exaggerated itself in his mind, so he secretly armed himself with "Baedeker," and managed to keep a lesson ahead of his pupil, on principles well known to all who have ever dabbled in the noble art of "tutoring." Alfred's whole conduct towards his wife was touching - touching in its perpetual tenderness, touching in its unflagging consideration, and ten times touching in the fact that his devotion was no longer blind. His eyes had been slowly and painfully opened during this first week at home. Peculiar manners which, out there in the bush, had not been peculiar, seemed worse than that here in England. They had to bear continual comparison with the soft speech and gentle ways of Lady Bligh, and the contrast was sharp and cruel. But the more Alfred realised his wife's defects the more he loved her. That was the nature of his simple heart and its simple love. At least she would not know that he saw her in a different light, and at first he would have cut his tongue out rather than tell her plainly of her peculiarities. Presently, she would see them for herself, and in her own good time, she would rub down the sharper angles of her own accord and take Lady Bligh for her model, without being told to do so. Then all would be well. Arguing thus, Alfred had not allowed her to say a word to him about the escapade with the stock whip on the first morning, for her penitence was grievous to him - and was it a thing that would ever happen again ? Nevertheless, he was thoroughly miserable after a week - that electioneering conversation was the finisher - and at last he decided to speak. Thus the walk to Richmond was strangely silent, for he was casting about for some way of expressing what was in his mind, without either wounding her feelings or letting her see that his own were sore. They walked to Richmond along the river, then over the bridge. Before they climbed the to the park gates Alfred insisted a solemn ceremony was duly observed. The bride ate a " Maid-of-Honour " in the Original Shop, and when the famous delicacy had been despatched and criticised, and Alfred had given a wild and stumbling account of its historic origin, his wife led the way back into the sunshine in such high spirits that his own dejection deepened as the burden of his unuttered remonstrances increased. At last, in despair, he resolved to hold his tongue, for that morning at least. Then, they chatted cheerfully together for the first time during the walk, and he was partly with her in her abuse of the narrow streets and pavements of Richmond, but still stuck up for them on the plea that they were quaint and thoroughly English. She laughed at him with scorn and eventually they reached the park. But no sooner was the soft cool grass under their dusty feet, and the upland swelling before them as far as the eye could travel, than the bride became suddenly and unaccountably silent. Alfred stole curious glances as he walked at her side, and it seemed to him that her dark eyes that roved so eagerly over the landscape had grown to be wistful and sad. " How similar it is to the old place !" she exclaimed at last. " You don't mean your father's run, Gladdie ?" " Yes, I do. This reminds me of it more than anything I've seen yet." " What nonsense, my darling !" said Alfred, laughing. " Why, there is not such a green spot as this in all of Australia!" " Ah ! you were there in the drought, you see. You never saw the run after decent rain ? If you had, you'd soon see the likeness between those big paddocks in what we call the 'C Block' and this. But the road spoils this place ; it wants a bush road. Let's get off it for a bit.'' So they bore inward to the left, and Gladys was too thoroughly charmed and too thoughtful to say much. The cool bracken was now higher than their knees, and the sun beat upon their backs very fiercely as they walked upon turf like velvet, in the shadows of the trees. " You don't get many trees like these out there," said Alfred. " Well - not in the Riverina we don't," Gladys reluctantly admitted ; and soon added : " Nor any waterholes like this." For they found themselves on the margin of the largest of the Pen Ponds. There was no wind, and not a ripple could be seen upon the whole expanse of the water. The fierce sun was still mellowed by a thin, gauzy haze, and the rays were diffused over the pond in a solid gleam. The trees on the far side showed fairly distinct outlines, filled in with a bluish smoky gray, and entirely without detail. The day was sufficiently sultry, even for the Thames Valley. " And yet," continued Gladys, speaking slowly and thoughtfully, " it does remind one of the bush, somehow. I've sometimes brought a mob of sheep through the scrub to the water in the middle of the day, and the water has looked just like this - like a great big lump of quick silver pressed into the ground and shaved off level. That'll be on the hot still days, something like today. We now and then did have a day like this, you know - only, of course, a jolly sight hotter. But we had more days with a hot wind, hot and strong ; what terrors they were when you were driving sheep !" " You were a tremendous stockrider, Gladdie." remarked her husband. " Wasn't I just ! Ever since I was that high ! And I was fond of that old run - knew every inch of it better than any man on the place except the old man, and perhaps Daft Larry. Knew it, bless you ! from sunrise - you remember the sunrise out there, dull, and red, and sudden - to sundown, when you spotted the station pines black as ink against the bit of pink sky as you came back from mustering. Let's see - I forget how it goes - no, it's like this - " Twas merry 'mid the black-woods when we spied the station roofs, To wheel the wild scrub cattle at the yard, With a running fire of stockwhips, and a fiery run of hoofs, Oh, the hardest day was never then too hard ! " That's how it goes, I think. We used sometimes to remember it as we rode home, dog-tired. But it was sheep with us, not cattle, more's the pity. Why, what's wrong, Alfred ? Have you seen a ghost ?" " No. But you fairly amaze me, darling. I'd no idea you knew any poetry. What is it ?* " Gordon - mean to say you've never heard of him ? Adam Lindsay Gordon ! You must have heard of him out there. Everybody knows him in the bush. Why, I've heard shearers, and hawkers, and swagmen spouting him by the yard ! He was our Australian poet, and you never had one to beat him. Father says so. Father says he is as good as Shakespeare." Alfred made no contradiction, for the simple reason he had not listened to her last sentences. He was thinking how well she hit off the bush, and how nicely she quoted poetry - everything that was not prose was poetry to Alfred. He was silent for some minutes. Then he said earnestly : " I wish, my darling, that you would sometimes talk to my mother like that !" Gladys returned from the antipodes in a flash. " I shall never talk to any of your people anymore about Australia !" And by her tone - she meant it. " Why not ?" " Because they don't like it, Alfred. I see they don't, though I never see it so clearly as when it's all over and too late. Why should they hate it so ? Why should it annoy them ? I've nothing else to talk about, and I should have thought they'd like to hear of another country. I know I liked to hear all about England from you, Alfred !" Faint though it was, the reproach in her voice cut him to the heart. Yet his moment had come. He had decided, it is true, to say nothing at all ; but then there had been no opening, but here was one that might never come again. " Gladdie," he began with great tenderness, " don't be hurt, but I'm going to tell you what may have something to do with it. You know, you are apt to get - l won't say excited - but perhaps a little too enthusiastic when you talk of the bush. Quite right, and no wonder, I say ; but then, here in England, somehow, they very seldom seem to get enthusiastic. Then, again - I think - perhaps - you say things that are all right out there, but sound odd in our ridiculous ears. For we are an abominable, insular nation of humbugs," began poor Alfred with a tremendous outburst of indignation, fearing that he had said too much, and making a floundering effort to get out of what he had said. But his wife cut him short. The colour had mounted to her olive cheeks. Tenseness, at all events, was not among her failings - when she kept calm. She was sufficiently calm now. " I see what you mean, and I shall certainly say no more about Australia. " I like a man that is well bred !" Do you remember how Daft Larry used to wag his head and say that whenever he saw you ? You're not one of the low sort," he used to go on and how we did laugh ! But I've been thinking, Alfred, that he couldn't have said the same about me if I'd been a man. And \- and that's at the bottom of it all !" She smiled, but her smile was sad. " You are offended, Gladys ?" " Not a bit. Only I seem to understand." " You don't understand ! And that isn't at the bottom of it !" " Very well, then, it isn't. So stop frowning like that this instant. I'd no idea you looked so well when you were fierce. I shall make you fierce often now. Come, you stupid boy ! I shall learn in time. How do you know I'm not learning already ? Come away ; we've had enough of the waterhole, I think." She took his arm, and together they struck across to Ham Gate. But Alfred was silent and moody and the bride knew why. " Dear old Alfred," she said at last, pressing his arm with her hand, " I know I shall get on well with all your people in time." " All of them, Gladdie ?" " At any rate all but Granville." " Still not Gran.! I was afraid of it." " No, I shall never care much for Gran. I can't help it, really I can't. He is everlastingly sneering, and he thinks himself so much smarter than he is. Then he enjoys it when I make a fool of myself. I see he does ; and - oh, I can't bear him." A pugnacious expression came into Alfred's face, but passed over, and left it only stern. " Yes," he said," I know his infernal manner ; but when he sneers, it's only to show what a superior sort of fellow he is, he doesn't mean anything by it. The truth is, I fear he's becoming a bit of a snob ; but he's a far better fellow than you think ; there really isn't a better fellow going. Take my word for it, and for Heaven's, sake avoid words with him. Will you promise me this much, Gladdie ?" " Very well. I have once or twice thought there'd be a row between us, and I do think what he'd hear from me would do him a lot of good. But I promise. And I promise, too, not to gas about Australia to any of them for a whole week. So there." They walked on, almost in silence, until Ham Common was crossed and they had reached the middle of the delightful green. And here with the old-fashioned houses on three sides of them, and the avenue of elms behind them, and the most orthodox of village duck-ponds at their feet - Gladys stopped short, and fairly burst into raptures. " But," said Alfred, as soon as he could get a word in, " you go on as though this was the first genuine English village you've ever seen ; whereas nothing could be more typically English than Twickenham itself." " Ah, but this seems miles and miles away from Twickenham and all the other villages round about that I've seen. I think I would rather live here, where it is so quiet and still, like a bush township. I like Twickenham ; but on one side there's nothing but people going up and down in boats, and on the other side the same thing, only coaches instead of boats. And I hate the sound of those coaches, with their jingle and rattle and horn-blowing; though I shouldn't hate it if I were on one." " Would you so very much like to fizz around on a coach, then ?" " Would I not !" said Gladys. The first person they saw on getting home was Granville, who was lounging in the little veranda where they had taken tea on the afternoon of their arrival, smoking cigarettes over a book. It was the first volume of a novel, which he was scanning for review. He seemed disposed to be agreeable. " Gladys," he said, " this book's about Australia. " What's a 'new chum,' please ? I may as well know, as, so far, the hero's one." " A new chum," his sister-in-law answered readily, " is some fellow newly out from England who goes into the bush and he's generally a fool." " Thank you," said Granville. " The hero of this story answers in every particular to your definition." Granville went on with his skimming. On a slip of paper lying handy were the skeletons of some of the smart epigrammatic sentences with which the book would presently be pulverised. Husband and wife had gone through into the house, leaving him to his congenial task, when the Tempter, in humorous mood, put it into the head of his good friend Granville to call back the bride for a moment's sport. " I say," - said the young man assuming the air of aninnocent interlocutor - " is it true that everyone out there wears a big black beard, and a red shirt, and jack-boots and revolvers ?" " No it is not ; who said that ?" " Well, this fellow gives me that impression. In point of fact, it always was my impression. Isn't it a fact, however, that most of your legislators ( I meant to ask you this last night, but our friend the senator gave me no chance ) - that most of your legislators are convicts ?" " Does your book give you that impression too ?" the bride inquired coolly. " No ; that's original, more or less." " Then it's wrong, altogether. But see here, Gran.; you ought to go out there." " Why, pray ?" " You remember what I said a 'new chum' was ?" " Yes ; among other things a fool." " Very good. You ought to go out there, because there are the makings of such a splendid 'new chum' in you. You're thrown away in England." Granville dropped his book and put up his eyeglass. But the bride was gone. She had already overtaken her husband and seized him by the arm. " Oh, Alfred," she cried." I have done it ! I have broken my promise ! I have had words with Gran.! Oh, my poor boy - l'm beginning to make you wish to goodness you'd never seen me !" CHAPTER VIII. GRAN'S REVENGE. All men may be vain, but the vanity of Granville Bligh was of a special brand. In the bandying of words (which after all, was his profession ) his vanity was not easily satisfied by his own performances. This made him strong in attack, but left his defence somewhat weak for want of practice. His war was always in the enemy's lines. He paid too much attention to his attack. Thus, though seldom touched by an adversary, when touched, he was wounded. His own skin was too thin. He had not yet learnt to take without a twinge what he gave out without a qualm. For a smart and aggressive young man, he was simply absurdly sensitive. But, though weaker in defence than might have been expected, Granville was no mean hand at retaliation. He neither forgot nor forgave and he paid off old scores and new ones with the heavy interest demanded by his exorbitant vanity. First or last, by fair means or foul, Granville was to finish a winner. Until he did, his vanity and he were not on speaking terms. There were occasions, of course, when he was not in a position either to riposte at once or to whet his blade and pray for the next merry meeting. Such cases occurred sometimes in court, when the bench would stand no nonsense, and brusquely said as much, if not rather more. Incredible as it may seem, Granville felt his impotency hardly less in the public streets when he happened to be unusually well dressed and gutter-chaff rose to tbe occasion. In fact, probably the worst half hour he ever spent in his life, was one fine morning when unaccountable energy actuated him to walk to Richmond and take the train there, instead of getting in at Twickenham. Encountering a motley and interminable string of vehicles en route to Kempton Park, he ran a gauntlet of plebeian satire during that half hour that he could never entirely forget. To these abominable experiences the bride's piece of rudeness unrefined ( which she had the bad taste to perpetrate at the very moment when he was being rude to her, but in a gentlemanlike way ) was indeed a mere trifle ; but Granville, it will now be seen, thought more of trifles than the ordinary rational animal and this one completely altered his attitude towards Gladys. If, hitherto, he had ridiculed her delicately to her face, and disparaged her - with less delicacy \- behind her back, he had been merely pursuing a species of intellectual sport, without much malicious intent. He was not aware that he had ever made the poor thing uncomfortable. He had not inquired into that. He was only aware that he had made a joke at her expense, enjoyed it and felt pleased with himself. But his sentiment towards her now was no longer devoid of animosity. She had scored off him ; he had felt it at the time and felt it much more when it had rankled a little. He despised and detested himself for having been scored off by a creature so coarse and contemptible, even though there were no witnesses. He was too vain to satisfy himself with the popular principle that certain unpleasantness and certain unpleasant people are "beneath notice." Nobody was beneath Granville's notice. He would have punished with his own boot the young blackguards of the gutter, could he he have been sure of catching them, and equally sure of not being seen. He punished Gladys in a fashion that precluded detection - and even Gladys herself never knew that she was under the lash. On the contrary, she ceased to dislike her brother-in-law. He became more polite to her than he had ever been been before ; more affable and friendly in every way. Quite suddenly they were brother and sister together. " How well those two get on !" Lady Bligh would whisper to her husband during the solemn game of bezique which was an institution during their quieter evenings, and indeed, the bride and her brother-in-law had taken to talking and laughing a good deal in the twilight by the open window. Sooner or later, Granville would head over to the card table with Gladys's latest story or saying, with which he would appear to be hugely amused. He would repeat the story in its original vernacular and any original slips of grammar, in his own faultless accent which emphasised those peculiarities. This made Lady Bligh sigh sadly and Sir James look as though he did not hear. Alfred was too well pleased that his wife had come to like Granville to listen to what they were talking about and the poor girl herself never once suspected the unkindness. Far from it, indeed, for she liked Granville now. " I thought he would never forgive me for giving him that bit of my mind the other day ; but you see, Alfred, it did him good and now I like him better than I ever thought possible. He's awfully good to me. And we take an interest in the same sort of things. Didn't you hear how interested he was in Bella's sweetheart at lunch today ?" Alfred turned away from the fresh bright face that was raised to his. He could not repress a frown. " I do wish you wouldn't call the girl Bella," he said, with some irritation. " Her name is Bunn. Why don't you call her Bunn, dear ? And nobody dreams of talking about their maids' affairs, let alone their maid's young men, at the table. It's not the custom - not in England." A week ago he would not have remonstrated with her over so small a matter, but the ice had been broken that morning in Richmond Park. And a week ago she would very likely have told him, laughingly, to hang his English customs. Now she looked both pained and puzzled, as she begged him to explain to her the harm in what she had said. " Harm ?" said Alfred, more tenderly. " Well, there was no real harm in it - that's the wrong word altogether - especially as we were by ourselves, without guests. Still, you know, mother don't want to hear all about her servants' family affairs, and what her servants' sweethearts are doing in Australia, or anywhere else. All that - particularly when you talk of the woman and use her Christian name - why it sounds almost as though you made a personal friend of the girl, Gladdie !" Gladys opened wide her lovely eyes. " Why, so I did !" Alfred looked uncomfortable. " So l did !" said the bride again. " And why not, pray ? There, you see, you know of no reason why I shouldn't be friends with her, you goose ! But I won't speak of her any more as Bella, if you don't like it - except to her face. I shall call her what I please to her face, sir ! I wouldn't have spoken about her at all today only I was interested to know that her young man was out there ; and Gran seemed as interested as me, for he went on asking questions." Alfred was quite himself again. " Anyway, darling," he said, interrupting her with a kiss, " I am glad you have got over your prejudice against Gran.!" and he left the room, leaving behind him less gladness than he carried away. Their conversation had taken place in the little morning-room in the front of the house, which faced the west, and the strong afternoon sunshine, striking down through the trembling tree-tops, dappled the bride's face with lights and shadows. It was not at the moment, a very happy face. All the feckless, radiant, aggressive independence of two or three weeks ago was gone out of it. The bold, direct glance was somewhat less bold. The dark lustrous, lovely eyes were becoming strangely wistful. Gladys was in trouble. It had crept upon her slowly. Shade by shade the fatal truth had dawned upon her as to the fatal disparity between herself and her new relations. This was plainer to no one than to the bride herself : and to her the disparity meant despair - it was so wide - and it grew wider day by day, as her realisation of it became complete. Well, she had made friends with Granville, but that was all. The Judge had been distant and ceremonious from the first and he was distant and ceremonious still. He had never again unbent so much as at that tragic moment when he bade her rise from her knees in the wet stable-yard. As for Lady Bligh, she had begun by being kind enough, but her kindness had run to silent sadness. She seemed full of regret. Gladys was as far from her as ever. And Gladys knew the reasons for all this, or at least some of them. She saw the most conspicuous of her own shortcomings, and against those that she did see she struggled strenuously. But there were many she could not see yet, and it was this unknown that filled her with despair. She was gazing at the green grass from the the morning-room window as the trouble deepened in her eyes. In Australia, she had seldom seen grass that was green, and just then she would have given all the meadows of England for one strip of dry saltbush plain, with the sun dropping down behind the far away line of sombre, low-sized scrub, with the sand-hills flushing in the blood-red light, and the cool evening wind coming up from the south. The picture was very real to her - as real as this shaven grass-plot and the line of tall trees that shadowed it, their trunks indistinguishable - in this light - against the old brick wall. Then she sighed - the vision vanished - and she thought of Alfred. " He won't go on loving me unless I improve," she said dismally. "I must get more like his own people, and get on better with them, and all that. I must ! Yet he doesn't tell me how to set to work and it's hard to find out by myself. l am trying ; but it's very hard. If only somebody would show me how ! For, unless I find out, he won't care about me much longer - I see that - he can't !" Yet it seemed that he did. If attending to the most extravagant wish most lightly spoken counts for anything, Alfred certainly still cared for his wife, and cared for her very dearly indeed. The wish that Gladys had expressed while walking through the village of Ham - the desire to drive about in a coach-and-four - had been lightly uttered, and had never crossed her mind again. Nevertheless, one day in the second week of June, a coach-and-four turned up - spick and span, and as startling and fairylike as Cinderella's famous vehicle. It was Alfred's surprise. He had got the coach for the rest of the season, and when he saw that his wife could find no words to thank him \- but could only gaze at him in silence with her lovely eyes soft and melting, and his hand pressed in hers - most likely, the honest fellow experienced a purer joy than he had ever known before. Nor did the surprise end there. By collusion with Lady Bligh and Granville, a strong party had been secretly convened for Ascot the very next day. Then, a charming dress, which Gladys had never ordered, came down from her dressmaker in Conduit-street that evening courtesy of Alfred. Just as she was getting low and miserable and self-conscious, Gladys was carried off her feet and whirled without warning into a state of immense excitement. Perhaps she could not have expressed her gratitude more eloquently than she did but a minute before they all drove off in the glorious June morning ; when, getting her husband to herself for one moment, she flung her arms about his neck and whispered tenderly : " I'm going to be as good as gold all day - it's the least I can do, darling !" And she was no worse than her word. The racing interested her greatly, she won a couple of sweepstakes, and all day she curbed her wild excitement with complete success. Only her dark eyes sparkled and many people declared that they had never seen a woman so handsome, and in appearance so animated, who proved to have so little to say for herself. And it was Gladys herself who drove them all home, handling the ribbons as no other woman handled them that season handled them that season, cracking her whip as very few men could crack one - so that it was heard for half a mile through the clear evening air. People twisted their necks and strained their eyes to see the dark, bewitching driver who threaded her way with such nerve and skill through the moving maze of wheels and horseflesh that choked the country roads. And, with it all, she kept her promise to the letter. And her husband was no less delighted than proud. Only her brother-in- law felt aggrieved. " It's too good to last," was that young man's constant comment. " It's a record, so far, but she'll break out before the day is over. She'll entertain us yet - or I'll know the reason why !" he may have added in his most secret soul. At all events, as he sat next to her at dinner, when the Lady Lettice Dunlop - his right-hand neighbour - remarked in a whisper about the bride's silence, Granville was prompt to whisper back : " Try her about Australia. Sound her out on the comparative merits of their races out there and Ascot. Talk in front of me, if you like ; I don't mind ; and she'll like it." So Lady Lettice Dunlop leant over gracefully, and said she had heard of a race called the Melbourne Cup ; and how did it compare with the Gold Cup at Ascot ? The bride shook her head conclusively, and a quick light came into her eyes as she said, " there is no comparison." " You mean, of course, that your race does not compare with ours ? Well, it hardly would, you know !" Lady Lettice smiled compassionately. " Not a bit of it !" was the brusque and astonishing retort. " I mean that the Melbourne Cup knocks spots - l mean to say, is ten thousand times better than what we saw today." The Lady Lettice sat upright again and manipulated her fan. And this was Granville's opening. " I can quite believe it," chimed in Gran. " I always did hear that that race of yours was the race of the world. Englishmen who have been out there say so, Lady Lettice. But you should tell us wherein the superiority lies, Gladys." The bride complied with alacrity. " Why, the course is ever so much nicer. There are so many more people, but much less crowding. The management of everything is so much better and the are gayer - ever so much !" " Ever so much " was a recent reform suggested by Alfred. It was an undoubted improvement upon "a jolly sight," which it replaced, but like most reforms, it was apt to be too much in evidence at first. She rattled off the points at a reckless rate, and paused fairly breathless. Her countenance and silent tongue no longer presented their curious contradiction. She now not only looked excited, but spoke excitedly too. Lady Lettice smiled faintly, with elevated eyes and eyebrows, as she listened - till the comparison between colonial and English dress, at which Lady Lettice was momentarily overcome behind her fan. But the bride had other listeners besides Lady Lettice, and those who heard listened for more ; and those who listened for more heard Granville remark pleasantly : " You used to come down from the bush for the Melbourne Cup, then ?" " Did once," Gladys was heard to reply. " Have a good time ?" " Did so." " Old gentleman in luck, then ?" " Pretty well. No ; not altogether, I think." " Didn't care about going again, eh ?" " No; but that was because he knocked up when we got back." The conversation had become entirely between the two. Lady Lettice was out of it, and looked as though she was glad of that, though in reality she was listening with quite a fierce interest. Others were listening too, and not a few were watching the bride with a thorough fascination as the good humour and high spirits with which she was now brimming over, enhanced her beauty to a remarkable degree. " What was it that knocked him up ?" inquired Granville softly, but in distinct tones. She smiled at him. " Never you mind !" " But l am interested." He looked it. She smiled at him again, not dreaming that any other eye was upon her. Then she raised her champagne glass two inches from the table and set it down again and her smile broadened, as though it were the best joke in the world. The refined tale was told. The action was understood by all who had listened to what went before. The Judge was one of those who both saw and heard, and he spoke to Granville on the subject afterwards, and with some severity. But Gran.'s defence was convincing enough. " Upon my honour, sir," he protested, " I had no kind of idea what was coming." " Well," said the Judge grimly, " I hope everybody did not take it in. Her own father, too ! Apart from the offensiveness of the revelation, there was a filial disrespect in it which, to me, was the worst part of it all." Granville looked at his father humorously through his eye glass. " I fear, sir, she is like our noble profession, no Respecter of Persons !" But the Judge saw nothing to smile at. " It is nothing to joke about, my boy," he observed. " It has provoked me more than I can say. It is enough to frighten one out of asking people to the house. It forces me to do what l am very unwilling to do - I shall speak seriously to Alfred before we go to bed." To Be Continued. 