A FREE MARKET Tba literal meaning of the and “ Fair," la He emocreia! aesae, u a “ free market.” la otha woria, a “ fair” meana a market at arhieh all aai treat mar poii&aae; or not arithoat betaa aabjeetd to fee or tax, aal alao There all aad eretr eu aell vttt* out any tndi disabilities as to ordinary markets. At one time tbs fain in. England win \- Brest feateres in the {^..^-,**1 of the people; bat, dues the estabTiiTinwt of fifflwiys, ini the ftniclut ino which has resulted, these fain hare pretty veil died out, a matter perhaps foe regret. in wcaV respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. . Hen is! Australia fain an unknown. indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain Is theae fast go-e-hesd colonies. Life ia not m slow and lethargic ms In Enrage, and boibew is does with a movement and force to which, erea in' thia day, few provincial folk is the old country an accustomed. This, however, is a necesaity. following upon our freer aai mote prosperous condition, as well.is the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too. though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, it still too short foi alow or cumbrous methods; the art now is sought in all directions to do os much in an boor as 100 years ago was accuzanliahed in a week* Tma, however, is not a matter fo marrsa If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred* fold greater, and is more equally distributed than ia those '‘food old daya” which aentimentalurta are continually regretting—people, by the war, who are ol similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Usances who wrote:— *• Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility/* People nowadays have money to spend, and as educ tion and a higher intelligence hare taught themhjw.c spend it wisely, we Cud great establishments, such as For and Gibson’*, of Smith street, Collingwood. springing into existence, whose purpose it is to ripply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of heat Here we x>au*e to make a correction. We hart said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this pre«*?nt moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. For and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression. “ it U a sight to do soie eras Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs* Foyacd Gibson's great shops durum the day *aust, indeed, hart a large and generous mini if he forbear from a irhrh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of these places. All move-1 by the oue impulse—an revet desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson* to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair, The young wife who 1ms become po*< eased of one of those elegant mantles, of which such number* of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and mote contented spirit time h«« hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured oue of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4a. Cd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever is her home. The country gcntlecLvn who has pur* chased his suites of furniture for the home o which be shall presently conduct his bride, is Ailed with s sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his ahiitlessslovenlybachelar dap, be has been an utter stranger. In a word, is impossible for a reflecting observer to look oq at the ceasfbn influx and out * Cm of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fain serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the ^*"V tiowa of the originators themselves. We do not sup* pose that Mesa*. Foy and Gifcsoa, when cootett plat* h* the establishment of thaw tain, took into set* koning the ptifenthmpic aspect of the matin. But as a rale naiad good follows upon all. fcooocmbls «w tafMfc mA Meta. Fur m< GO** whan ttar nftaa Mr KoXU. May, if tbajrffeaae. add to tti, St liwtanr, ttwnh titwtfbta Wlamaa of an m> Are, iaaaalhvlaaaaatelaaaataaxtbaaa fatal, aal thrt i(i tMteth, Ma^afaMaM,** >M« ;l 'however. intricate or complicated, are beyond tbs ialooua oC artinl. Tb* rule* by which this fml mtabliahment is governed, are even as the laws of the SCcdea and Persians. ▲ fixed system—mol! of long experieace-and Urge business a perimee, control* ev*ty detail of the but* MM, oo that matte* fa oo liite marhuyry, and to our mind, with much of tbe throb and pulse of the Some idea may be formed by those who have Mr** visfced Foy and Gibson's premises of their rise when we inform them that the frontage extends 250ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to little Oxford street of 200ft. The gm show rooms. fiM with the costliest of fsmtntes raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if: ghosts of departed belles assemble here o* night* and, I amidst dainty rifles and velvets, end laces, and other i bewildering matters, taste again aoae alight flavour of the delights which onee morel them in the flesh. ! We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we hart lb | Shakespeare’ authority that there are more things j In heaven and earth than are dreamt of in o«T i philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts de» : patted fair obn do mist them scenes of flnt delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with tbs substantial throng at Foy and Gibaon's Fairs. 