MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. By W. G. P. I must begin by stating that I never cared for parrots—in fact, as a child, I dis tinctly feared and disliked thenu. One of my earliest recollections is that Of apaxrOt kept by one of my aunts •whom 1 often visited. It seemed peaceable fend _qniet enough, and had much freedom, when it •would meander gently about the room, neither taking notice of normoJbBtmg any one. Emboldened by tlus ctadUct, l thought I might venture to tease poor Polly, so, creeping under the table, I very gently pulled its tail. Deeply moved and incensed by this insult, Folly flew straight at me and bit my linger. I acknowledged the justice of the punishment; still, in fright and pain, I screamed aloud, when my aunt and nprse$&_ $!§ rescue and restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and tried to peck my eyes out and bitjpy cheeks; it never forgot nor forgave tile iiijury, but tried to bite me wh.enever it was loose, flying at me and peeking Wherever it cdulp, fall at last it becohie a .soft Of nightmare and .terror to me,find It®optedinein tears of the-wrong 1 had comihitted against it,. Fiill of years and hatred, it at last yielded up the ghost, to my pdace of tnitiol and its mistress's regret. , • _ The next parrot I' became acquainted with did nothing to exalt las race in my eyes, tie belonged to a sea captain, ana we came across him in lodgings at the sea side. His language was profanity itself, ■and besides . that he was a tale-bearer. "Eoberfc kissed the cook; oh, He!" was screamed out by him suddenly One day, and by this a discovery was made of a love story, which " shook the pillars of domestic pence;" a jealous housemaid haying-taught ban the phrase. 1 always think of this parrot as a " him," for 1 should be grieved to think of any respectable lady-bird disgracing herself and Eex by very " big, big D's " that unrighteous bird used daily. ^ My third parrot friend was a grey one, and belonged to Admiral Blank—also a sea going bird, but bow. different had been bis education! He was a thorough gentleman, full of conversation on many topics, flever at whistling, and able to sing a good song when occasion differed. It was in the Brazils I met him. We all lived in a lovely garden attached to the hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting and .bed rooms, according to the. require ments of the guests. We had one house And Admiral Blank another, and Polly used to spend bis time in a large cage perched up. in a tree, where he was very happy and Conversational, and became quite friendly with me as I gave him fruits and other delicacies. • Now, there was a huge negro slave, up trends of six feetkigb, as black as a coal, but a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily-white duck suits and a tall white hat, who waB told off to attend to these, garden houses. His name was " White," on the fecwa a mom hicendo prin ciple, I presume, and "Wlrjjte! White!" might often be beard shouted through the §ardcn in the stentorian tones of Admiral lank; when White would fly with . an obedient start from the kitchen of the bote! bard-by. One morning I bad seen the admiral start off, resplendent in uniform, and knew he was gone.; I was siuprised, therefore, to bear "White! White I "called in his tone of voice. I could not under stand it, as 1 liad never left the garden since be went away and bad. not seen him return. Neither could White. He came running and perspiring, went to Admiral Blank's house, and then looked about the. garden, but could not find him. Then, sup posing he had made a mistake, he returned to the ivoiy-teethed,grinning,black laundry maids, in the courtship of whom he had been interrupted. " White! White I" -once more resounded through the gardens, this time in very angry tones. White came in fear and haste to find—no one; and tiie'j illusion was repeated several tunes that day. I speedily discovered that Polly was the caller, and, alas! next .day so did White, and in his anger and spite lie would have killed the bird bad I not been there to protect him. ' Many a' fruitless run did Polly give him after that, for masters'^ " White!" and Polly's " White!" were abso lutely indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be possessor of two . parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened thus; We went to India, and I was com pletely fascinated by the crowds of green parrots we saw in the plains. It was a never-failing source of delight to me to see them Hying in flocks, often hundreds at a time, with the rays of the descending sun glistening on their emerald-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made green by reason of the multitude of parrots that had settled on its branches; or again, at sunset, to see the green parrots flying about the white marble minarets of the glorious Taj-Mehnl, ordarting about, frolick ing in the expiring rnys. To me they were the-most lovely of India's birds. One scene connected with parrots is, from its perfect beauty, often present in mymind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain com stantly playing, and in the early morning the parrots gather together in vast numbers to drink and bathe in its running waters and basin. To see their graceful curves and upward flights before dashing through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in bo doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness difficult to surpass. The parrots at this residency are almost tame, for every morning four or five caged ones are let loose to be fed, and down come all the wild ones to share their feast. The early morning is the time to see these birds at their brightest and best At the first glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their night's resting-places and fly shrieking forth in search of food, and on many a tree they may be seen pulling off the precious berries and fruits. • Alas! the mahli's {gardener's) heart does not warm to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat—as the un ripe mangoes lying at the foot of a mangoe tree will testify. Seeing my admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, with whom 1 was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vain I represented to tit em that it was the beauty and life of the wild ones I admired, and that I thought caged ones would be sorry representatives of their kind. But no, the fates would have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots built tbeir nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall, and some of the young birds were taken out and brought into the house. When I inspected them I could hardly believe they were par rots. They looked like very yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white claws and a red beak, and not a vestige of a feather, and more firmly than ever I declined to have anything to say to them. However, they were put in a basket and fed every two hours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and washed down with water, and to my disgust I was expected to assist them to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived with a cage full of hiil parrots, two parent birds, and a family of young ones. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed lliem all and said we would buy some, and returned the others. The man-sent back a polite message that now we had touched the birds, it would break his caste to take them back, and unless we would buy them all he must kill them. We felt grieved to think of their un timely fate, so purchased the whole family; though it was no light matter to contem plate stuffing six more birds with pills— the young birds were even uglier than our own, though the parent birds were lovely, bright green with red on each wing, and a red ring round the neck. Well, the time for my departure arrived, and I said noth ing about the parrots, and fondly hoped they had been forgotten; when as the train was about to' move off, up came a servant with a little cage con taining two young birds and a brown paper parcel containing dough. I felt a good deal, but politeness made me offer the best, thanks I could muster up in my vexation. Off we started, and very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise—a sound I liad learned to detest, for it meant that they were hungry and that the time had arrived for the dough to be utilised. With a bad grace I took them on my lap, opened their bills, turn about, and poked the boluses down. At last the "Torpedo" took a header amongst my skirts, a sign that he was satisfied, and the "Whale" rolled his eyes and looked as if he were which was his sign of repletion. The above ■were the names of my new protfy/6&, the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolt ing headforemost, anywhere and in any1 thing the moment he had -eaten enough. There was a popular song soffiisjyhaih ago called."The torpedo and the whale," so fee latter htfifte followed naturally for my friehds, though I haflnevbrlre&rd; the ditty. This teeal was the beginning of similar repasts administered about every two hoUfe day and night for tome days, when quite suddenly Torpedo put on mi entirely new suit of the vividest green With long blue tail-feathers, which with his little bright red bill transformed him from being ugly to a thing of beauty; and one day, at W atson's Hotel, Bombay, he suddenly flew from the balcony right round the room, so, in fear lest be should fly away, I cut his wing. Tiie Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They st>.l re quired feeding with the gills. The voyage home they performed in a basket, and Torpedo became so tame, he would follow me about the ship ftke a little dog. At this lame they acquired ahabit of (SiriekLng ear-piercing yells. They reached England iii summer, and seemed very well white the Warm weather lasted; but suddenly in tensely cold frosty weather set in with sleet and show, and the poor parrots looked and seemed miserable. One night the thermometer sank to 28 degrees below zero. About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo rustling about and trying to get out of its cage, So I took it to the fire, Warmed lind fed it, and it Went fast asleep on my knee. At last I put it hack in ita cage, covered it well up, and went to bed. The next morning my German houEe maidcame to my'"bedroom and said, "Oh, madann I hawe such ferry had news to gif you, You vill bo so sciny." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once, but she kept toe in suspense some time longer; repeat ing how grieved I should be, and at lost handed me a newspaper parcel containing my little Torpedo lying dead. It appears She found the poor little scrul on the floor with its head between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright. I tried to revive it in every way by putting it near the fire, &c.;, but all in vain—fife was extinct. It is now stuffed and under a glass case, but it has lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischievous Toipedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. He wajs allowed to sit in the tipper places of hie immense cagg, whereas in the time of the late lamented Toipedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit-bits to eat, and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red featljers. pn his wings-and a rosy ring around his neck phis temper became genial, and he learned the noble art of conversa tion, and, to fee servants' delight, called them all by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for making themselves respected, but at the same time ingratiating themselves wife other animals. Many a time I have gone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but fee whole floor swarming with animals, viz,: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St, Bernard dog, and a canary, ana amongst them afi, proudly strutting about, Torpedo' mid the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front _ of fee fine, fee parrots Would calmly pinch his toes or his . tail till he made place for them; and the Mtten and parrots played games together, rolling over and oyer. The Whale, amongst other ac complishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like fee canary. He also greatly enjoyed my music when I played, but he preferred scales and exercises, his taste being purely classical. Whenever I began fee former lie would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if he were taking a hath. Then one by one he would abstract my hair pins, till at last my hair would fall dawn, and in that he would plunge and bathe wife extreme relish. This was not an amusement he was often permitted to indulge in, how ever. At this time we had a "buttons," Bobihson by name, who was the cross of everybody in fee house except liis master, Wlio continually took his part, and ex plained feat ail his shortcomings arose from too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day the Whale was muttering to himself a good deal, and at last clenrly delivered himself of the follow ing: "Robinson, Robinson! whatever are yon doing, you had boy! You're a very naughty boy. Go to bed at once, sir! Do you hear?" and this exactly iii the cook's voice; and he used to scold Robinson loudly in other words also, showing the frequency of the thing in Ills hearing in the kitchen where he lived. He loved to be out in the garden, and would climb a tree with great agility and joy, pulling much of the bark «ff as he ascended. He and the Torpedo entirely picked to pieces and demolished a favourite wicltcr armchair which my mother-in-law had given us to keep, and that she greatly valued, which was sad! We decided upon revisiting India, and the question arose; What was to become of fee Whale ? He had many English hearths and homes at his disposal, for he had en deared himself to many people by his win ning ways and clever talk. But we resolved to let him once moid enjoy the gorgeous Eastand the scenes of his early 5'outh. §0 we got a_ small cage, cut off his long tail so that he might fit in, made a red baize cover to ehow off his complexion—I mean his green feathers—bought some bird seed, and there was Polly, au grand ccmplet for the voyage. He liked the sea, and was very hilarious, talking and whistling away and making friends with everyone. He used to sit perched up on my deck-chair, while every one brought him dainties frcm table and the various ports we stopped at. There was an actrees on hoard, the celebrated Mile. Dash, " the Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite in the ship. She was ; loud in her dress, 6poech, and manners, and i of a thirsty temperament. One day she had fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-cliair, with her mouth wide open and snoring, with u most lavish display of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I saw fee Whale observ ing her, and presently, before I could catch him, he climbed down my chair, skurned across the deck, and climbed up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very pain ful for her, as liis claws were very sham She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awk ward position. I regret to ssy that—so much the worse for human nature—many of fee passengers rejoiced loudly at her misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and we amyed at Madras. There, at the end of our sitting-room, was an immense verandah, and here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his acquaintance with sugarcane, but diBgusted with the ants and crows. His food had constantly to be changed on account of the former, and the latter used to come and eat his' bread and water; then his rage and fury were terrible to witness, and all the scolding he had learned, intended for Robinson, he levied at their beads, and finally learned to caw exactly like they did. Here we set up a M&drasse; "hoy," and he kept that un fortunate servant pretty busy runningabout as he learned to call " boy!" both in his master's and mistress's voice. lie visited Calcutta, Ceylon, and various places in India, and gained health, strength, and new words in liis native land, and learnt to flatter me by calling out "Pretty, pretty" whenever he saw ine. During his residence at the above-mentioned northern presidency the poor little fellow became very ill, gasped for breath, refused all fobd except what he took from my lips, fluffed up his feathers, and looked pitoously at me for help; he seemed perfectly miserable except when perched upon my hand, the only time he ever 6eemed to sleep, and in spite of everything wc tried, he expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a dear friend, and truly we had, for he had cheered us up in many a gloomy moment by his cheery _ and affectionate ways. He was buried in a lovely garden bright with varied and fragrant clusters of blossoms—a fit resting-place for such a child of nature. 