TOPICS OF THE DAY, lYrom our Special Correspondent! London. March 7, 1890. Lord Salisbury's extreme cleverness is «pt at times to get him into difficulties. If, instead of assuming the role of vir tuous Indignation when charged with winking at Lord Arthur Somerset's escape, the Premier had frankly admitted the fact and justified It to Parliament as he did to the Cabinet his lordship would have had a large section of public opinion on his elde. What Lord Salisbury Is credited with saying to his brother ministers Is this — *' Apart from the fact that we owe some consideration to the wretched man's honorable and respected family, members of whom have served the Crown and the State faithfully for generations, Is It not true that if we tacitly permit him to fly we shall eave the country frombelngfloodedwlththehorrlble details of a filthy, nauseous, and most re volting scandal?' The Cabinet! thought there was a good deal In this, and as we know remained Inert. Mr. W. H. Smith would have taken his stand on the Pre mier's view of the question, and conscious of a safe majority and an honest purpose have closured a Radical protest. But Lord Salisbury, as I have said, was too clever. He knew nothing of the communications between the Prince of Wales and Mr. Labouchere, and he fancied It would be easy to Ignore certain unfortunate coinci dences In the affair. Friday evening's de bate partially and Mr. Labouchere's letter hi Monday's Daily Neios completely unde ceived bis lordship. The name of the mem ber for Northampton's. Informant anent the real circumstances of Lord Somer set's escape was not (as the House surmised when the editor of Truth wrote Ifc down and tendered It to Sir R. Webster to read out If he felt In clined) that of the Prince of Wales but of bis secretary, Sir Francis- Knollya. The Home Secretary must have known this, for when Mr. Attorney showed an Indiscreet inclination to avail himself of his tormen tor's challenge Mr. Matthews vifllbly plucked at hie coattalla. The fact seems to be that the Prince of Wales, wrath and grieved beyond measure at the manner in which gossip and the foreign papers were mixing up hiB son's name with the scan dalB, insisted on probing them to the bottom, and to ahow that he and hla had nothing to hide sent Sir F. Knollya to Mr. Labouchere with all the in formation in his possession. The whole story Indeed, as told In Fiiday'a debate and Monday's Daily News, came from his Royal Highness, who obtained the facts from Inspector Munro, Sir DIghton Ptobyn, and others. The more .closely one Investigates the Government's case the weaker it seems. Mr. Attorney tells us the police considered there were ample prima facie grounds for arresting Lord A, Somerset in September, but he and the Lord Chancellor disagreed with them on the point. In November, however, though not a tittle of freah evidence had come forward, Sir Richard resolved on his own responsibility to lasue a warrant. It would be a brutum fulmen of course, for Lord Somerset waa by that time In Constantinople, but It might pacify the public. The Lord Chancellor did not countenance this step. He was con* elstent, and consequently still of opinion that there waa Insufficient evidence to justify It. I can quite believe this was really the cage ; indeed the more one hears of the evidence the more certain one be-, cornea that Lord Somerset waB a fool and a coward to bolt. Misdemeanor simply was charged against him, and this rested aolely en the tainted evidence of the young scoundrels examined in the Newton ca&e.; Moreover, even they were not unanimous on the subject of identifica tion. Had Lord Somerset atood his ground he would probably have been acquitted as triumphantly aa the Earl of Euston. Since the foregoing was written Lord Salisbury Jhas himself madeaperaonal expla nation In the Lords which practically ad mits Mr. Labouchere'a charge. His lord ship's memory with regard to exactly what occurred at the momentous Interview with Sir Digbton Probyn Is, strange to aay, hazy, aa (thia Is curious too) he considered It a 'casual Inter* view,' and attached to it 'no im portance whatever.' Nevertheless the Premier admits having stated to the Gtceralnot merely that there was evidence of a kind against Lord A. Somerset, but that rumors had reached him that further testimony had been obtained. Farther more, when General Probyn expreased angry disbelief In his comrade's guilt Lord Salisbury tells us he made answers 'of a more reaerved character' Sir DIghton Probyn muet indeed (putting possible significant looks and toneB out of the question) have been a simpleton If he didn't leave King's Cross with the con viction that Loid Somerset had better make himself scarce without delay. Aa to General Probyn 'a commnnicatlng with Lord A. Somerset's valet It Isnow under stood it waa arranged beforehand ' no news bad news.' The position of the Attorney -General last Friday evening, had he accepted Mr. Labonchere's challenge, and read out the C8me of the member for Northampton's Informant aa to the Sallsbury-Probyn Interview, might, I am reminded, have been not unlike Mr. Poland's on a famous occasion at the Old Bailey. It was duiing the trial of the Detectives Metklejohn, Druscovltch, and Palmer for conniving at the great turf frauds, and the convict Benson waa under examina tion. Poland wished to know how Ben son became aware of a remarkable flaw In French Jaw which had enabled him and hiB confederates to rob Madame de Gon court In certain ways without fear of punishment. The Crown counsel sus pected DruBcovltch of providing thlB use fol bit of advice, and wished to bring his treachery home to the unhappy officer. '* Who told you theee facts?' he aeked. 'I decline to tsy,' replied Becaon firmly. '' Batyon mutt *ay,' went on Mr. Poland angrily 11 1 reptat I decline,' reiterated BensoD. There was Eonie further fendngj aad at last countel appealed to the joxsge. ' YuU mtitt snfwer th* question,' quoth that fur ait-rat y. **Vti- well,'' said Benaon : 'iry hjormct'tit v:os Mr. Poland' *' ^ h-a hi ?' Bcrearced the eminent Q.C. .'\te, *\r ; jou told roe,:' went on Bsn ecn aciably ' Perhaps (torning to the juo£«r) 1 had better narrate the clrcam fctuctfc.' ** 1 think yon had,' said hia 1- icehip grimly. Benson then explained that a few years previously he had made a gocd tbJrg out of the Turkish floods, i e , by collecting foDds for ' dtservlng suf ffeiere ' Be obtained large sums from numerous city philanthropists ; amongst otbeTE from the then Lord Mayor, who was ninch Interested in 'the cause,' and asked the clever ivgoe to three MarE?cn Honse dinners. 'jAt one of tbtee banquets,'' raid Benson. ' I had the honor -?f sitting next Mr. Poland. Be oceb not recognise me now any more than I infpect I should recognise him If he were cropped, ahaveu, and garbed thus becom ingly (indfcaHngtls convict attire). Vfe were, Iwwever,! am ^awurayimr lordship, very friendly then, and -talked *£ood deal about the ingenious methods of swindlers, a sabject which had naturally considerable interest for me. Amongst other uncon scious tips Mr. Poland provided me with the strange facts re French law which we subsequently utilised with euoh effect. Heatked me, I may add, notto give him aa my informant when conversing on the sub ject, and I call your lordship to witness I have done my best to oblige him.' 'It's all true,' groaned poor Poland, ' I remember the occasion perfectly now.' Subsequently the Crown counsel told hla friends that Benson was one of the most entertaining dinner companions he ever eat next, and that he remembered per fectly their exchanging cards, and Benaon'a drawing him £5 for the ' deserving suf ferers, &c.;' Poor Benson. - Had he lived a few years later In the golden day a of company -promoting he would have waxed rich, respectable, and respected. Few ever displayed such remarkable and fadle genius for living on wits pure and simple. He had, moreover, plenty of good points, his beat trait perhaps being loyalty to friends The three detectives' mudemeanora only came to light when Benson discovered their treachery. Then, indeed, he showed no mercy. Agnes Hewitt, whom Mr. Frank Darbi ehire has just divorced for criminal inti macy with Mr. George 'Ablngton' Baird, of sporting notoriety ,'paaaed for some time aa tne wire ot poor Jjycion Sothero, a very handsome man you may remember. When Sothern died Mlas Hewitt posed as hla widow, and soon after, wards young Darbishire, a cadet of the well known Manchester family of that name, became infatuated with her. Darbishire had then some money, with also promising prospects which going on to the stage destroyed, and the fair Agnes thought she might do worse than marry him. The disastrous season at the Olympic Theatre, whichMlssHewitUeased for some months, followed, completely cleaning out Darbiahlre, and involving him In liabilities which presently necessitated the filing of a bankruptcy petition. Husband and wife then went on tour together in the provinces, earning between them £12 a week. Darbishire was atlil passionately devoted to his wife, but she had long tired of him, and when the wealthy Baird dawned on the enterprising lady's horizun she promptly resolved to, If poBBlble, annex him. This did not In the firat instance prove difficult. Baird, believing Miss Hewitt, as she was profes sionally called, unmarried had no objec tion to a liaison with a pretty actress, and even went the length of half promising to finance another theatrical venture for her. The lady thereupon went all lengths with the gentleman jockey, pretending she waa 111 and leaving her husband to act alone whilst she and her paramour were to gether at Newmarket. Having secured Baird the next thing was to compro mise him and likewise get rid of D«bl Bbire. The astute creature effected both operationa at a blow by hiding one of Balrd'a letters In a place where her husband waa sure to find - it. 'Jhe discovery of his wife's hi fidelity came upon Darbishire with the sudden ness of a thunderclap He had some time before found out that the woman had never been actually married to Lytton Sothern, but believing she had been true to hie dead friend, and knowing the lax nees of the profession in suoh mattera, he blamed her leaa forthe omission thanhedid the deceased. No suspicion that the fair Agnes waa untrue to him crossed the fond foolish fellow's mind up to the time he read Baird's letter. Even then the poor husband tried to disbelieve hla senses. They had, bo far as he knew, only mot Baird once MIbb Hewitt did not allow her husband to remain In any doubt long. An actresB to her finger tips, she per formed with much feeling the ' I am discovered.' ' I confeea all,' and ' Leave me for ever' scene of domestic drama, adding accurate particulars of her various infidelities. But Darbiahire could be no longer blind. Instead of the interesting penitent he saw a scheming adventuress anxious only to finger the rich Balrd'a dollars. Dicguated, Darbiahire left her ; and MIbb Hewitt promptly Instructed her solicitor to Inform Mr. Baird of the lament able catastrophe which had overtaken her. Alaa ! the beat laid schemes, &c.; Boaab 'xg at Bomano'a one night of hia conquest Mr. George Baird sorrowfully learnt that M3sh Hewitt, instead of being an Innocent virgin who had reluctantly Buccumbed to hia Irresistible fascina tions, was very much married. Suspect ing mischief he posted off furiously home, and gave Imperative instructions chat Mies Hewitt was never again to be ad mitted. When the lawyer's letter came he would have nothing to do with the writer's client, declined angrily to see her, and roundlv asaerted that she and her husband were acting in collusion and con spiring to rob him. In coart last week Sir Charles Russell (for Baird) acknow ledged the adultery, but pleaded in miti gation of damages that hia client was un aware of Mlaa Hewitt's marriage. He also accused husband and wife of acting In collusion, but withdrew the charge after croBB-examlnlng Darbiahire, who too evi dently was only another of the wretched woman's victims. The ' urgent private affair,' in connec tion with which the Governor of Madras haa received eix months' leave, is the divorce suit in which he Is respondent and Lady Connemara petitioner. The affair, it will be remembered, arose oat of his lordehJp's attentions to Lady Bva Q.utn, a very pretty woman and hla A.D.C.*a wife. There waa a good deal of gossip in Madras, and at last Lady Connemara, in a rage, left Government Houae and re fused to return. Captain Qnln took his wife away north, where she shot tigers and behaved otherwise prosaically. Lord Connemara, though wrathful at being made ridiculous, forgave his wife, but they Boon after quarrelled again, and now, despite the efforts at pacification of the Prince of Wales, a divorce suit la down for hearing. Here la a freah reading of Biblical history, worthy to be Included amongst Mr. Barker's specimens of ' Original English' I sent you last week. ' Who,' asked an East- End parson of his Sunday school class, ' waa Iahmael ?' A bright intelligent urchin stuck out hla hand to Indicate that he knew. 'Well, my boy, who waa he ?' ' Ishmael were a jockey, tir,' replied the boy seriously. *'A wh-a-a-t?' stuttered the perplexed teacher. 'A jockey, ah-,' reiterated the lad, 'don't Bible go for to tell us as lahmael grew and became an Archer?' Mr. Stanley la busy finishing hla book In peace and quietness In Egypt. It will be published simultaneously In England, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and Scan dinavia about the middle of May. The selected title la ' The Darkest Africa ; and the QueBt, Rescue, and Retreat of Emit), Governor of Equatoria.' That magnificent specimen of engineer ing skill, the Forth- bridge, must, like the Eiffel Tower, b? seeit to be appreciated. Pictures even wiieto the proportions are emphasised by showing ships passing far beneath give scarcely any Idea of its vast can tile vet s and colossal height. The top levels, 1 may mention, are far, far higher than the highest Church Bteeple In the world. The bridge waa declared open on Tuesday in the midst of a biting north east gale, through which the Prince of Wales tried vainly to mcke himself audible. The Mexican papers did not apparently appreciate the vocal efforts of Madame iS'ordica, the American prlma donna, who accompanied La Diva on her recent tour tLroogh that country. One of them cruelly remarka — ' fiiadame Pattl brought her voice, and Madame Nordlca .her trunks.' A young lady with a great career before her made * highly successful debut on the cotjcert-aall stage yesterday. Thia la Mtsa fcir-lco, a daughter of the eratwhile re nowned operatic artiste of tint name who suddenly lost her voice under very painful circumstances some years ago. Isidore de Lara has written a cantata called 'The Light of Asia,' which will be produced at the Crystal Palace next month. It Is said to contain several charming numbers. Amongst the popular new songs of the hour may be mentioned Hope Temple's ' 'Twas surely fate,' 'The owl,' by Mr. May brick, whose ' Mona' has become a general favorite, and Lady Arthur Hill's 'Song of the sea.' The frost and snow have had a deplor able effect on the theatres, which were three parts empty the greater part of last week. Even the Lyceum presented a moat depressing array of bare benches on Satur day evening. ' The Dead Heart' will be withdrawn In May, and after a fortnight at the Grand Theatre, Islington, Irving and Mlsa Terry commence a series of readings from Shakespeare. The eldest son of Mr. Jno. Hare, who has juBt graduated at Cambridge, will make his debut at the Garrlck In September next. Young Irring'a 'Varsity career Ib drawing to a close. He achieved a great * success in the recent performance of ' 'Stratford' at the Oxford Unions' theatri cals, acd evidently Inherits much of his sire's ability. Unfortunately he also seems to inherit the Lyceum tragedian's lamentable mannerisms. Henry B. Irving will probably go to the provinoes for a tune before appearing in London. Carl Rosa's Opera Company open at Drury-lane on Easter Monday. The Queen has taken a box for ' Dear Bea,' as well as two for the court, and means to be present herself once or twice daring the season. 'Romeo and Juliet,' 'The Star of the North,' and Gluck'a f1 Eury dice' will be the chief novelties. The Italian season at Oovent Garden will open later than usuaL The last weeks are announced of 'The Middleman,' which WUlard takes 'at once ?to (America. Wyndham returns to the Criterion In about a month, when the In terrupted [ run of 'David Garrlck' will be resumed. Mr. Lionel Brough's Company, which haa been very successful at the Cape, will not go on, as at first arranged, to Aus tralia, bat return straight to England. ' A Man's Shadow ' will be withdrawn from the Bay market at Easter in favor of a new piece by Grundy called ' The Great Judge.' The new story 'Sons and Daughters,' which commences in Blachioood for March, la unmistakably Mrs. Oliphant's, and promises uncBually well. Be sure to read your old friend Miss C. F. Gordon Cummisg's paper on 'Some Eventful Voyages.' Temple Bar contains a weird and It Is seriously stated trne ghost Btory called ' The Anonyma ;' Corn hill a characteristic tale by Grant Allen entitled ' Sefton'a Servant ;' Murray's In tere&tlng; articles on ' Weather Forecasting' and 'After - dinner Speeches ;' the Neio Beviao some cogent ECggeBtlons ' What to do with the morally deficient' by Lady Frederick Cavendish ; and the Fortnightly an amusing skit on 'King Plagiarism' by James Bunciman. These with Mr. Gladstone's and Sergeant Palmer's re markable papers in the Nineteenth Century comprise the current magazine contribu tions worth glancing at. Mr. Gladstone la preparing a series of papers on 'The Old Testament' for Good Words The success of ' Looking Backward' has naturally begotten a 'Looking Forward.' The author calls hlmEelf Edgar Thinsen. Mr. Rider Haggard's ' Beatrice,' running through a cumber of newspapers just now, will be published by Longmans In May. Hawley Smart's cew novel, ' Without Love or Science,' ie jnst out In three volamea. 