SABBATH EVENING LECTURES ON THE BILLE. Tho Ro\, W Scott yesteidav evening de hverod tho first of a course of Sabbath e\ening lectmes on the Bible Tno chiuchi as com foitably filled, and the reverend lecturer was listened to with niaiked attention thioughout Prior to touching upon tho subject of his dis couise, " The Genuineness and \nthcnticitv of the Bible," Mr Scott explained that this lecturo was pieparatoiy to a double courso that ho purposed dchvcimg It contained the basis of n course of sonnons which he dchvcied m tho old countiy, ad dressed distinctly to the working man Ho had a large and most sj mpathotie acquaintance with woiking men, and he found m the old countiy theio woio certain view-, enteitained concerning the Bible which ho might disabuso their minds of Ho had then testimony to the eftcct that ho had been of gieat sei vico to thom Hero ho had had >oung men submit to him MOWS such as ho had hid to meet in the old countiy This comso of semions would be followed by a second courso in which ho would go into lus subjeot m a moro detailed manuel Aftei lofeumg to the diihculties that had beset his mmd as a joung man, he saul Ins sermon would bo a piepaiatory one, and that next Sabbath evening ho would ontci on tho question of tho inspiration of the Scnptuies In commencing this comso of lectures ho was confiontod bj two foices which ho had no wish and nought to ignoto Thoj were " antagonism to the Bible " and " ci ilicism of tho Bible " Rcfeuing to the foi moi ho said one might ha\ o hoped that by this tuna antagonism to tho Bible would ha\o waned Coming as a fnend to man, a beno diction to the w oild, human hostility toil was haid to understand It had alighted upon hfo as a helling powci it had biolon man's fettois built up man s hboity and ni god an unceasing war against human despotism, it had consolidated civilisation and was con tmually casting out baibausm And jet it inherited the lesistanco and tho antagonism of the agos But after all this antagonism was its ciownmg legitimation The piesenco of oui mteiosls uuajed against the Biblo down tho aL,es, and in oui own daj lopiosontod but tho inoutablo as long as sin was a powoi among us It noithei caused foai noi surpiiso It attested to Ihoutahty of God's woid and doclaiod it to tho ends of tho cailh, conquoiuiR and lo con quoi As foi ciiticism, ho wished to say with all possible emphasis thal ho disclaimed all hostility to cuticism Honest criticism was doin^ signal soiuco to tho Biblo and Chus lianitj It had helped us to constiuct oui historical oudenco and thiow light upon tho Biblo m a thousand wajs Hie Bible lent itsolf to cutieal imostigation It was con slanlly muting investigation, and furnished moans of the most sei etc testing of its claims It spioads oval the whola length of human histoiy Its own hteiaiy historv oxlcnded o\oi 1500 jeais No saciodjbook of any othoi religion entoiod into such lesponsi bihty with rofoienco to profano history In thus taking up into itself largo bicailtlis of the histoiy ot tho woild, it supplied giound foi tho most lostmg cuticism of the most \andal cutios Lot anj ono load Iho btoiy of Tondus Pilate m tho pagos of Tacitus and then load tho samo in tlio pages of tho Gospels Road tho Acts of tho Apostles and in oloso critical alhanco road the Episllos of Paul Read any opoch of tho woild's histoij in tho pi of ano history, and then thiough the íecord of holj men of God speaking as thoy weio moved by tho Holy Ghost, and it would bo loalisod what ho meant by tho Uihlo lending itsolf lo tho kconost and best oquipped cuticism Ho would dwell promi nently m his hist comso on somo of tho instances m wlueh tho gonuineness and authenticity of tho Bible seemed to have suffered by apparent collision between extant profane history and scriptural alleged misreading or scriptural silence The most severe assaults against tho genuineness and authenticity of tho Bible had been made on tho ground of tho assumed antagonism between Genesis and science He might at once say that tho Bible was not and never was, intended to be a handbook of science To come to it and make scientific demands upon it, as though it were a systematised scholastic textbook of science was grossly to misconceive tho purposes of Scripture It was no part of tho wnters intention to anticipate discoveries in physical science To come to the Bible expecting scientific information up to latest discoveries, and to repudiate its authority and divineness becauso it failoed to teach advanced scientific trulh was to make an enormous assumption on a priori grounds |Tho anm of tho writer of Genesis was not scientific instiuction but to convey certain ideas regaid nig man s spiutual history and his connection with God Scientific knowledgo as we under stand it was not in tho minds of the people to whom ho wrote Such scionlilic facts as occurred camo in the way of teaching legarding man's relation lo God and God's îolation to mau 1 caching must accommodato itself to the scholar 'ihoy could not loach without tho momentaiy consideration of capacity and condition To teach a child you must speak tho language and employ tho method a child could understand You must pitch your lessons on the basis of existing knowledge Without this consideration early Scripture could not be understood, with it tho scientific conflict a outrance with Scripture became discredited from its very beginning He had to assert that Genesis affirmed certain truths -of a scientific character centuries before the birth of science—scientific conclu sions which were regarded to day as the most lioasurcd woro lo be foun 1 in Genesis Tho hardest won of scientific researches in recent years were to be found in Genesis Genesis and science coincided on tho subject of the original unity of the lace Genesis asserted that the entire human race sprang from a single pair, and anthropology said practically what Genesis said Tho writer of Genesis asserted that the families of man originally used ono common speech, at Babel arose confusion from tho Babel distribution and diversity of speech Every advance which tho science of philology had made of late years had bee"on towards complete agreement with Genesis Again, Genesis and ethnography had wonder ful coincidences and flin history of Genesis ages ago was scientific deduction to day The cosmogony of Moses and science abounded m coincidences of agreement Science said life came from life, and withut life there could be no life 'This was tho almost universally accepted law of Biogenesis Man came from man The Darwinian theory of human descent was mere hypothesis, and nothing but hypothesis Science found itself unable to explain the origin of that primary matter, and it was compelled to postulate Now these three cardinal facts were just the three facts in the creation in which Genesis saw a Divine Creator In spite of wild talk of pre existing men, science was agreed that man belonged to tho latest comers upon this earth Geology explained to us that the primary, secondary, and tertiary rocks told us nothing of man Traces of man first appeared in the post tertiary formations In other words, man belonged to tho modern period of the geological record and to that period alone Scripture on its part affirmed that tho closing and complet ingwoik of the creation was man Without pursuing these coincidences further, this <\w .> tion force 1 itself upon us, and with redoubt"! force on those who denied the divineness of the Bible Whence had Genesis obtained its information ? Wi nee came these a^o old anticipations of modern science ' With us the answer was easy enough-from the God of Heaven , "holy men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." What could be the answer of Rr-cptiis ' After dealing briefly with what the prrar-her termed the blatant chai ge of forgery brought in certain quarters against the Bible, he went on to point out another line of proof lo demonstrate the diuucnessof the Bible. This he did under thice headings Iir»t, m its way of treating humanity its diwneness could be sen becond, the unity of the Bib.e It waa made up of many par+s, of thirty nine writings in the Old Teotiment and twenty seven ia the Nçw, neaily forty authors in all, who manifested every qualification for literary labours. Their w ork extends over the long period of fifteen or six- teen centuries. They wrote in many lands and different languages, and yet the Bible was in- telligible. From beginning to end the one aim was to reveal God to man and bring man to God. From this design the Bible never swerved so much as by a hair's breadth. Third, its perfect adaptability to man's needs. ' Adaptation was God's law of His universe. Everything was perfectly adapted. Thcrowasnothingrcaundant; nothing deficient. Tho word of God, and that aloue, could meet the fever, the thirst, the desolation, and the woo of the human heart. It is whon our needs wore most pronounced, and our spirit cried most piercingly, that the divinoness of tho Bible was most surely proved. When the higher problems of our nature strained within us, and wo wero compelled to ask : Whence ive came ? Whither going ? What life meant?. What its relations were to another world? What God is? What ho required of us ? How ho dealt with us as sinners, and and our sins ? How wc wore to bo forgiven and stand justified in his sight ? Tho divinely implanted instincts of immortality could only bo mci by tho divine provision found in God's word, and only thero. When found, experi- mentally found, thon the divinoness of God's word would need no further proof, for after all tho Biblo must bo its own truo argument and defence. Its power could never bo triumphantly proved until it was folt. Tho authority of the Biblo could never bo fully supported unless it was manifest. Its light could never bo demon- strated unless it shone. As tho beauti- ful stained-glass window was meaningless when viewed from without, and its still solonin forms of lifo and boauty started into loveliness when exposed lo tho light of heaven ; so with God's book. It would bo dark, unmeaning, and uninspired if wo wore outside its lifo and light. Tho beauty of holiness was bocauso it is God's inspired word, but the beauly was not seen, and could not bo seen, till tho Sun of righteousness arose, and we woro no longer in the outer court, but admitted within the veil to look through its pages to a glorious heaven. Then inspired hearts shall read an inspired and divino Biblo, and know " ovevy line marked with tho soal of high divinity, every loaf hodowed with drops of lovo divino." Al tho closa of the lecture Mr. SCOTT said ho would ho glad to roceivo any sorious inquirios relating to his subject, and he would endeavour to answer them. If ho could not answer them, ho would say so frankly. Ho did not mean speculative questions, bul serious ones. 