A COLONIAL CHIEF JUSTICE ON 1 IMPERIAL FEDERATION. SYDNEY, Monday. In a letter to the Sydney Daily Telegraph, oooupying three and a half onlnmns, Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice of Queensland, gives his views on the Imperial Federation qaeition, and expresses a strong opinion that any change in the direction of a close political union with England would ba mischievous, and would lead to a premature, violent, and unfriendly separation and to mnoh misery. Referring to the poverty in the mother country, Sir Charles writes:— " Ardent supporters of Imperial Federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who bold the wealth of nations must bear its burden. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers." Referring to the promoters of the Imperial Federation scheme, Lords Rosebery and Carnarvon, and Cardinal Manning, the Chief JuBtioe eays :—" Instead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of hnmanity and statesmanship which lies before tbem at their doors, these gentlemen started in the pnrsnit of Imperial Federation, a phantom with less substance behind it.than Pepper's famous ghost. What Australians . deeire and will maintain is the right to develop their national life as they will, unfettered by reBtriotion from abroad or any external authority. The hope of Englishmen is that Anstralia will help tbem to ooeroe India to hold her in subjection." The Chief Justioe adds that we may now reasonably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at the oost of the wretchedly-impoverished, tai-ridden people of India. Whilst Australasia should .wisely let the present friendly connections with England exist until they are ready to meet any foe by land or water, they must prepare themselves for any contingency. Continning, he writes, "Let our motto be, then, 'Independence,' peacefully aohieved, if possible, bat • Independence.' " The letter has created muoh discussion in all oirclea. 