A DEAD MAN'S DIARY. The first chapters of the strange.narrative, entitled "A Dead Man's Diary," appear ill Lippincolt. The dead man indulges in a good deal of fcwaddly verbiage, but the gist of what he has to say is in the following extract:— " Some years ago I became seriously ill, grew worse day by day, and was pronounced dying, and finally dead. Dead I apparently was, and dead I remained to all intents and purposes for the greater part of two days, after whicb, to the intense and utter astonishment of mj friends and of the physicians, I exhibited symptoms of returning vitality, and in the course of a week or two was convalescent. Where during those two-score hours, I would ask, was my soul, ghost, or life-principle. " To that question I am prepared with an answer; and so strange a one is it that I cannot hope that my story will be regarded with anything but incredulity by all who happen to read it. Nor can I reasonably expect it to be otherwise, for I am aware that what I am about to relate I should myself unhesitatingly reject, were it proffered me on the testimony of another. With that, however, I have nothing to do. I have set myself the task of describing my experience, and to that task I now direct myself, let the results be what they may. When I knew that I was dying, I felt no individual pang of terror or surprise. As I lay my sister entered the room. I lifted my head to eee whether ill were present. Yes; all were there—and three others! There was the figure of niy brother Fred, whoso grave as yet was hardly green, and of my mother and my little sister Comfort, both of whom had died when I was a child. Moreover, with tho threo figures was a fourth—a figure which at first had escaped my notice; and it is the presence of this figure in the room which is to me most unaccountable. My mother, when I first saw her, was standing at the foot of the bed, with my dead brother end sister looking over her shoulder, bnt, at the sight of my father's grief, she went gently round to where he was sitting, and with a caress of infinite pity stooped down as if to whisper in his ear. It was then that I saw, for the first time, that 6he held by the hand a little child—a little child whom I had never seen before, but across whose face, as he looked up at me, there flitted the phantom of a resemblanco I could not catch. While I was wondering who tho child she held by the hand could be, there came over me a strange and sudden sense, of loss—of physical loss, I think it was, as though some life element had gone out from me. Of pain there was none, nor was I disturbed by any mental anxiety. I recollect only an ethereal lighthness of limb, and a senso of soul-emancipation and peace—a sense of soul-emancipation Buch as one might feel were he to awaken on a sunny morning to find all the sorrow and 6in were gone from the world for ever; a peace ample and restful as the hallowed hush and awe of summer twilight, without the twilight's tender pain. " Then I seemed to be sinking slowly and steadily through still depths of sunsteeped, light-filled waters that sang iu my ears with a sound like a sweet-sad sobbing and soaring of music, and through which thore swam up to me, in watered vistas of light, Ecencs of sunny seas and shining shores where smiling islands stretched league beyond league afar. And so life ebbed and ebbed away, until at last there came a time—the moment of death, as I believe it—when the outward and deathward setting tide seemed to reach its climax, and when I felt myseif swept shoreward and lifeward again on the inwardsetting tide of that laiger life into which I haddiea." 