is Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER XXTV.—continued. THE DUEL. I HAD never before been concerned in a duel, and in die matter of the strict etiquette of this sort of encounter was entirely at a loss ho w to act. However, Iliad always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line athvartships almost abreast of the mainmast, I inside twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the interval a second time, and finding that it vras very fairly twelve of my own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and. they ircre not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to the spectacle. It was to be something of a far Wore wildly exciting sort, than catching a shark, aye, or even may be of seeing & man hung at a ship's fanlarm. It p'ut a sort of sickness into lue somehow to witness that swarm of whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces, all looktag thirstily, expectation shaping War jwstae, with a kind of swimming of tie niujc body of them too in the haze of heat into which die yacht's jibboom vent twisting in a manner to make the brain diizv to watch it. One never gets to see liow thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has examined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expectation of witnessing human suffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Kennedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumming softly with the fingers of liis left hand. I approached him, and giving him a bow, which he returned with an air of great dignity—men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cut-throat job—1 said, " It is my painful doty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." " Not a moment need be lost so far as 1 am concerned," he answered, gazing at ue steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. " My cousin requests me to state," I continued, "that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist rimplv in giving the signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point—" "It could not have prevailed with me," lie exclaimed. "The madman's blow was i«41ess. On what part of the yacht do weight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" 1 bowed. 'As there arc no seconds," he said, "1 * e load for ourselves ?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's suggestion," I answered. '"Have you the pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." 1 *ent at once to Wilfrid's berth and mocked and walked in without waiting for him to teU me to enter. He was *ntin» in his diary; he instantly threw toni his pen and jumped from 1 is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked, lour pistols are identical, I believe?" said L j^jsactly alike," he answered, -j, ® nCulonel Hope-Kennedy'schoice," ™ d , I i "cannot furnish him with any ad- Jwtage over you, by his choosing, I mean, th a soldier's experience the preciser wea^ni" • "lliere is not an atom of difference tatweentlieni," he exclainuid. "Yonder's case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for himself." , ^ could not have spoken more coolly he been giving me the most commonpi^emstmtious. I remember wondering 1 looked at him and listened to him »nether he actually realised his own intention; yet I should have known better wan thjs if onjy for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that "jMe eveiy accent hard and steady. He "a - H hen you are ready ring the htad- ^ un the table; I will then join you." . ? ou will charge yonr .own pistol," must a!( 1 return with the weapon V; V ,, pdonel has made his choice." ,„, , °> ue exclaimed; "cany the case deck and load for lue." v try well," ^d I, wearily and sick u* a , ud deroutl y wishing that some >eavy black squall would come thundering 1 ' , yacht as the precursor of a and W® delay this wretched 5 rcseufc 1 e pistolKase and returned > it to Colonel «»* ''^•-Kennedy. Ho slightly glanced at w: niciiiina, and said with a faint fcmile: Eifi! U i "'-H a ," cl<i Sant brace of weapons. •>\v-ii for me." cud j you load on dcck or here, eir?" you please." one of the pistols, poised it in his hand, toying a moment or two ! with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then returned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled very well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. " Have you a surgeon on board ? " he enquired. I answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of uneasiness I had witnessed in him. Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." " I am ready," he replied. On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's composure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recollect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satisfactory to myself, sir, if you mil kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a slight; oow he said, nonchalantly," I am quite satisfied." " With regard to the light," I continued, looking from him to Wilfrid, " You will decide for yourselves gentlemen, which end of the vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. " Then," said Wilfrid, " I will have my back to the wheel." I could not be sure that he was well ad' vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would thro w out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was projected, clean lined asa shadow cast by the moonlight on a white dcck. ' "It may be as well to toss for position, I said. " No," cried Wilfrid, " I am content." I loaded bis pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your mad relative to feather-edge himself. Ho is all front. Tie too irrational to take advantage of." Wilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to iimself. Ready with signal, Charles." I pulled out my pocket-handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and came skimming up to Finn, rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that the gent's pistol (meaning die Colonel's) was upon him full, and that be wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any man. [y, gentlemen!" I cried, and de- Biro us of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener eight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of-it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out " J/ov)! " and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only; it was like the sharp crack of a whip. For the instant I did not know which man's pistol had exploded, but the little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told ine that it was his. I saw the Colonel fling his arms up, and his weapon flashed as he seemed to fire it straight into the air. " Good God 1 how generous ! " was the thought that swept through me; "he will not fight" He continued holding his pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, with a slight backward leaning posture and an indescribable look in his. f^j absolutely as though lie were endeavouring to follow the Sight of the bullet; liis weapon then fell to the deck, he made a clutch with both hands at his heart, with a deep groaji Bank—his knees yielding, "and, with his hands still at his heart, dropped, as a! wooden figure might, on his side and lay | without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his I wrist^ but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper, j There was no look whatever of pain in it —nay, such faint distinguishable expres- I Eion as I remember liad the air of a light I smile. I opened iis coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm; the orifice was ae cleanly clipped I as though made with a pair of scissors. I There was no blood. I Dead, eir!" exclaimed Finn. *"A I noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a ] pity! How gents of thiB kind stand upon ] their honour! yet they're the people to 1 break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the listed banging by his side. There was a and of lifting look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding I eyes -and a curve of the upper lip, that 1 was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indicated a mood of scornful tfiumph, of exultation subdued by contempt "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," J Baid I. | I have shot him through the heart," j aid he, talking like one Aewly aroused I from his dumber and stjllin process of collecting hiB mind. I "Most probably. You hit Hm in some ] vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure of killing me; I saw it I in hiB cold, deliberate way of covering I ie." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. I Hell trouble no other man's peace. I've I merely liberated the spirit of a devil that I is now winging its way on black, bat-like | wings back to that hell it came from. I There will be disappointment amongst the I fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn I were bending, "was good at least for I another twenty years of scoundrel ism. I What are they going to do with him?" I " Cany him below." I Finn?" he called. Sir!" answered the skipper, looking I up from the body, whose arms he grasped, j "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if ] stone-dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get I it stitched up. I'll tell you when to buiy I him." Ay, ay, sir,"answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. J My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his manner changed; a brokenhearted look—I do not know how else to __ - exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed dose behind: His death does not return to me what he has taken from me. With him go my honour, my peace of mind, the lore that was my wife's—all gone—all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that he lies there." "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morning—enough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, -honourably. He has paid the penalty of hiB infamy, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it has happened, I I thank God your life is presetted and I that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and he took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards the companion batch bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, Bupporting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. I went up to him. "IH keep the helm steady, said I, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on ihe deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me Hie case off the skylight." Whilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She Jay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the sail and steadying Iiimself bya backstay, " but I should be glad to knew if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed hiB arm with a gesture veiy significant of a growling "Well, well!" and then with a flourish of his hat he cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen alll" dismounted, and fell to singing out orders. His -wild-looking crew ran about, the 'maintoj>sail-yard slowly swang round, and presently the deeply-laden, malodorous craft, rolling cltinisily upon .a swell to whose light siiminerheavings pur yacht was cuittoying with faiiy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at he^1— to the blowing of the' mild breeze ad scarcely power enough to lift her fore- : ail. m Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and ilfrid on seeing them went below. Better turn the hands up, I suppose, ow, sir?" said Finn to me, "there'll be othen more, your honour, that'll be unfit or them to see." By all means, Captain Finn; and hen get the boat hoisted and a course haped for home, for our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows I" Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in~ the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine FalstaiL Cutbill tried to walk and look as though be were sensible that death lay underhis feet end that the shadow of a dreadful eventhung dark upon the yacht, but scarce wis he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home 1"' The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomiting sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or.two to exchange a few words with Finn. Tou are sure the colonel is dead ? " Ay, sir; he'll be no deader a thousand years hence.'" " A bloody morning's work, Finn! feel heart-side, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tis best as it is. Have yos any particulars of the foundering of the Shark!" The yarn her people—I mean the surwivors aboard the barque—spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after Mowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship- Wrights "had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There weie boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Sharfc foundered. 'Twas blowing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost eight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Lisa £oUuu fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough. " 1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "thesame Btraight-lined storm thundering up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along—we've all I had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body ? " " In the one that was occupied by his I honour's walet, sir. ' I I gave him a nod, and with the pistol- I case under my arm, descended the steps I and went to my cabin. _____ CHAPTER XXV. C0L0NELS n n m A t ^ ON entering my berth I threw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a despondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a complete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinner time on the preceding day. It was about "two o'clock in the afternoon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward—who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to—to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found I myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific | in the world for a fit of the blues than a No other wine has It does I not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of costing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning I back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintingB on the [cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the I grim incidents which had crowded the I morning, I heard my name pronounced | close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow, " I have been most anxious to see I you," she- exclaimed. " What is the news ? " " Have not you heard f " I inquired, " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." " Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope- Kennedy through the heart." said I, "as he declared he would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed tothe recess that Muffin had formerly occupied, " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed! she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. " Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. " But he is dfad; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just succeeded m fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing once dinner yesterday. I there-" foreadvise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowf;" and that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to immediately open a pint bottle of champagne, helped her to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her still reluctant, gently insinuated a knife and fork into her hands. "We are homeward bound," said I: " see 1 the sun has slipped 'totber side of the yacht. Our bowsprit points directly for dear old Southampton Water. So," said I, 'filling a glass »f champagne and banding jt to her, " you must absolutely drink to our prosperous voyage, not only to the ship "that goes, but to the wind that blows, whilst," said-I, helping myself to another small dose of liumundy, " 111 drink the lass that loves a saUor." Slut could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, and presently saw how much good it did her by the | t m anner in which she plucked up her heart. I I asked her where Lady MonBon was. I "In my cabin," she answered; "she I wiH not speak to me : she asks my maid for what ie requires; she will not even f look at me." It "It is all too fresh yet," saidL "A I little patience. Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon : there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook herhead. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Mte Laura, "Yoursister mustnotbe allowed tostove. I fearshe will have known what .hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious oldbarque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Her/" said I to die maid, "get ^ne a fray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like wew I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you thatTgoU deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." | I filled the t * bade her cany let her suppose — steward. 1 then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said L " I want you to cheer me up." I went to mycousin's cabin and knocked veiy softly. — The - berth - occupied ... by - Lady . Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being sonear made me move with a ccrtainstealth, though 11 could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I ente^d. Wflfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed j upon his breast, like the figure of a knight o^a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was | startled at'first sight o'f him, but quickly | perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a I sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but Without any nervous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there waa nothing of the sort to be seen, He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally astonishei nceive, Mr. Monson," she ex-1 i, " that the whole may have passed out of his memory!" "I wish I could believe it," said I. No, he has just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrongheaded sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel— but we agreed not to Bpeak of him. Miss Jennings you are better already. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your J gaze, and now you smile once more, , ° ' ~ . .1 and your a that golden the liberty of vowing o A ™jms . as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, row ^ with t o a one i r of g those M little tool^e^ein pouts I was h£ again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks " this is no time for com- I pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was aWe demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the ibin that had been ocCTimediby Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was impossible that she should suspect their missionT But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell frrave onasudden. " Wm you sham your cabin with your Bister? laskedL I " No : she cannot bear my presence, My maid win prepare for me the berth adioinine my old one. She must be humoured- Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her ?" I fear Wilted sleeps rather too dose to her ladyship," said L " There's a cabin next mi£e. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernablefitof temper to I walk in uponhis wife-" "If such an impulse as that visited iiim," she answered, " it would be all tfie same even if he should sleep amongst the crew forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The reaUtiei are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look, Lucky for your Bister," said I, "that you are on beard. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wanlrobi " score conveniences of the lady'i and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and sciswrs, bodkins and tape— bless me! what a paradise after the 'Lisa Bobbins." And then I told her how the Shark was lost, giving her the yarn as I had it from "Finn " Anyway," said I, "Lady Monson is rescucd. Your desire is fulfilled." " But I did not wish her—I did not want Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Yet you could have shot him," said I; «do you remember our chat that night off the Isle of Wight ? " "Yes, perfectly well," she answered, "But now that he is dead—oh, it is too I terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhorrent to them in life, death conyerte into a pathetic appeal. Best peihaps to leave SdTime to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her ladyship is on board, what iB Wilfrid going to do with her?" I " She is never likely to leave her cabin," die replied. When the Bride arrives home then V I cannot tell." Had Wilfrid's misfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me in the face from the very start and hindered me from taking any stop that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Caurt » Here her maid arrived and whispered to hor, on which, giving mo a pretty little Bid siuilc, she rose and went to her cabin. 1 mounted to thedeck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a pleasant breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hummed like the vast insect life of a ropic island through the rigging and into | e to the ear by the M the canvas was cooled pleasant noise of running waters on either | hand. iuuiu. «... - My m. ^ , first u... » look , was 1!iil for the —. 2 'Liza ——, Ji. n Bobbins, and I was not a little suiprised to ind her far away down upon our lee quarer, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me ho approached with a shipshape salute and exclaimed: " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home? " • , I "For what <jfer,part of the world, captain . «< WdL-rir, at wants mstnictions. Maybe Sir V^rid fcnot^ t^t we're going.home f" - - "He lies sleeping „«a soundly and peacefuU^inn, 'ffl^ Tittle, bay in his cabin and knows nothing." " Lor' bless me 1" cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, " and Til be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed CutbiUand Crimp pass ] . . , , it done at once. Sides taint a part ' the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them thingslong." " When do you mean to bury him ? " " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the I- • first ratch. Better - - make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of " and screwing I up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had ' scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." „ „„ " Will your honour read the ordce ? " " D'ye mean the burial service ? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." , , . W 1 L "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and tiien said, | " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." -, I He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during TjOiich our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morning, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and agam I depressed. I was awakened out of a I light sleep by the ringing of the first toner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second I bell sounded, and found the table prepared but no one present. I was stand- j ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that I breezed down of a fiery hue with the ' " ' " ' ^ "" 1 —— coat, patent leather boots, plenty ot I white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most | fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst us ; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid . - . i . • i i: I —•—b •—r = --- . t hot days in white linen coat and small f clothes or an airy camlet jacket. over " Why, him',' "you Wilf," must said give I, running me t^miiutes my eye to keep you in countenance." "N" "" " >1n '•""d " von sra verv t well. to be dignified v.— ^ —-. the modern tailor will permit. Heavens! how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in tlie costume of a Jlaleigli, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution^ 'Tis aUbrSadcloth now-where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. recol "Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, " I wmt company. I should like to crowd I this table. StewaiM, call Miss Jennings' maid." 3 v The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his Up. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for | champagne^ talking as if to entertain us. 3 1 " ~ perpetual — . existence of his wife close at hand, but he never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of gliastliness into his hectic manner, the crazy air of conviviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the | yachfs course, escaped him. He drank I freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which tilled with wildness his lai^e, protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. I saw too clearly how it was with the j poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well-feigned ignorance of there bang anything unusual in hiB apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a Bhadow into her face when Blie looked downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner my cousin fetched his pipe and asked me to join him on deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "Wo must not I forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon my word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this aftefnoon that Wilfrid has foigotten all about it, or surely he would have made some reference to her dining." "HI take care that she is lookedafter, | r. Monson," she answered. .Ip®poaely abstained from mentioning her ame at dinner. . V.; - a , I am rhof. , certain, , hA IPnilltl -, by nftVft the i I expression in his chat he would have been irritated by *ie lightest aUnsion to her, and unnatural as his mood jsaftorsuch a morning as we have passed througti — here she glanced m the dirertum of the cabin where the Colonel s body lay— J. would rather see him as he ns than sullen, scowling, silent, eatog up his; heart. He returned with Ins pipe at that moment and we were ^ r ^ ^ P deck when he stopped and said to bis sister-in-law: Come along, Laura, my love» "I have a slight headache,_Wilfnd^md I have to see that my ^bm is pre^red. I thought this answer would start him mte quetoopms-her but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning ot it. "Pool, pooh," he cned, there are two stewards and a maid to see to your <»bm for you. If they don't suffice we U tave Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a greengrocer, whose genius as a valet willscarcely | By Jupiterl thought I, Lady Monson ^hear<^ and ^ e it as an expression of his delight at her presence onboard! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel ^ bes dead? . . But I had found no , opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura, continued W- fnd; "I'll roll youup as pretty acigarette 1 as was ever smoked by a South American | belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile, I "Perhaps Miss Jennmgs will join us later," said I, distrarfful of his temper and passing my hand through his arm, i got him on deck. >( ,Laura w e e t e ' " ? \ J^ to he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay,. sweet. ?rettyjnd ^ ^ I ; , "You TO in love with her, I thmk, Charles. , ... "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night, I exclaimed, "Whyof a beautifid night ui preference to a beautiful woman? cried he But I was detenmned to end this, so l called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: Is that you, X urn < "Noits me, answered Cru.-ps surly note; "the capt n s a-laying down, but he's guv orders to be aroused at tour bells "Why? inquired Wilfijd. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which 1 was thankfuL "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps, I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf? The downdraught here "" _ , . cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads I on the skirts of the glory which the departing sun trails down the western slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o clock or thereabouts, I and it was now a little after eight—for my cousin s strange humour Had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound o£ :n cfai-Jnlon dimlf a . ,-- . , -> rom the cutwater that made one thinkot the shearing of a skater over ice. ihe shed cabin ayellow,"satin-like lamps glovnng into sheen tlie upon skyligut the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the oaler for that lustre till the head J \- - — * -, i the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phantasm, and I remember a little shiver I creeping over me to the visionof: that ta£ noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinajy silence with his^attire and manner, which at all events indicated, the I lection of the duel as strong-in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings! away from his tram of thought; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his infant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so faras thef ugitrves wereconcerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale rnthe starlight; his evening costume gave lum an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked carelessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of 1 smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to Uie | morning. You felt as if the memory of it . thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strength that enabled him to mask himself with what mjght well have passed for a mere company face, When three bells, half-past nine, we struck, I made a move as though to i below. "Going to turn m? he asked. _ " It has been a long, taring day, said 11 evasively. . . , "A grand day, he exclaimed ; one stirring, memorable day of our voyage, Come, I will follow you, and we will pledge ] it in a bumper before parting. We ontered the cabin ; it was deserted- Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed- „ . , "She should[be witii us, Charles, cned my cousin, with & l^ht of excitement m his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a half smile of malicious triumph tiding his lips. . "No, no, said I. The jroor ctuJd is tned. What is our drink to be, Wilf I I want to see you turned in my dear hoy.' " Pooh, pooh; hang turning in ! I feel myself of forty-spmt power to-night, just in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House and ternfy Uio old ladies in it who call themselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases, and who wear swallow-tailed coals and broad-briuimed hats, with a passionate attack on the I British Constitution. ' He called for brandy and seltiasr. liow- I ever, we had not been sittmg twenty minutes when his mood changed; liis dinner-party face darkened. He Jolded 1 his arms and lay back in his chair, look- Bv W. CLARK RUSSELL. THE OOLONEL 8 ETTKEBAL. ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon Ilia brow. I rose. "Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with an absent expression, Gaid '' Good-night, 1 ' and at once -went, but in a mechanical way, gweniecL by habit without giving bis minlftto^fchje action, to bis berth, at the door ofjwhich I saw him stand a moment whilst be gazed hard at the cabin abreast^iiinj then rubbing bis brow with the gesture of one wbo seeks to clear bis brain, be disappeared. Four bells were stmck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. " Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, " and get this here melancholy job pverJ" „ . " Yes," said I, "the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell your people to be quick and secret/' \- He trudged forward,~and presently returned with Cutbill and another seaman, "the three of (hem went below,; leaving Crimp to get the gangways rigged and lighted;' A. conple of; globyiar lamps, such Mjmghtbe used for'-riding lights, wets Suspended against, the bulwarks, aSibetween them a seaman • rested a 'grating of- the length of a - stretcher. The moon wasrising bt this-momerft on our etarboard beaia,-an arch o£ blood <iefihiiig the -5h<digo-black'.line, of the librizon there that -en either -hand of her Vent mritmg ont into a blending of starladen ek^ with the dark and .gleaming tocean brimming to die yacht, 'vast as the heaVfens themselves looked. Presently tap t&rough; the hatch rose the figures of vaptain Finh and the two men, swaying toder the weight of the canvas-shrouded Town they bore.- The watch cn deck eatae aft and gathered about the gpng- Xray, where they glimmered like visionaiy creatures to the dull, yellow shining of "the JamJE T"ace after face seemed to come twisting and wriggling out of the djiskv-'nsions _of hairy salts, rendered -lifelike and actual by the dull illumination that glanced upon their shadowy lineaments.. The wind filled the rigging Srath melancholy* noises, there -was a yearning, sob in the sound of the water as it wajhfed -alt, broken and hissing serpent-like "&om;~t}ie3)ow.. .The canvas rose dark, but it ^^-no'w.-'gatliering to itB loftier cloths a fain^'.^fiiJicate,' pinkish fcinAirom the red iii6oiiVt*fijn-, :t3i6u^:li in & few minutes, when the. planet ;had lifted her ill-sliapen face .clear of- tie line of brine, all would be of . a snow-white softness above us, and a sparkling line of bulwark- iail and glittering constellations in the skylight glass Imd a wake of Coating and heaving SSvet rolling'fan-Eliaiied to us. '" " "" A. couple of Eeamen caught hold, of the jgzxtang.and' raised-it level with tlie bul- •parks, one end supported by the rail. She body was placed upon it," and ghostly 'jt looked in that , spectral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness—ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at : that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn " pulled a thin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as though loth to begin. -At last he mustered up courage and made a skirt. He pronounced many of the words oddly, and. there was a deep sea-note in" his deliveiy. I watched his long face twitching and working to his recital as he brought his eyes in a squint to Jtlie page irith the lantern light touching his slrin intp.ahue of sulphur that made one "think of it* as the likeness of'a human, countenance wrought in-yellow Eflk,,upoii;;hlack satin.. But the mystery of death was with us v it seemed to breathe—hot as the night was—in an ice-cold air off the dark surface off the sea, and & man's sense of humour must have been of the featlicr- , weight quality.of an idiot's to flutter in „' the presence of the pallid, motionless bundle upon the grating, whose chill, secret, subduing inspirations were unspeakably heightened by the- eyes of the sailors round about gleaming.out of -the weak glimmer of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays .of the oil flames upon the obscurity, hy the silver ^gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven surveying us over the yardarms and . through the squares of the ratlines and amid the exquisite, tracery ol the "gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits standing on tiptoe behind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing her crimson visage with crystal and difiiising a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of sky. I was standing with my back to the companion hatch ; my eyes were rooted upon the white form which in a few moments now would be tilted and sent flashing with ' a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black depths on wliich we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end be had met: but he lav dead ; his grave was -this miglitv wilderness of- voters; not a hole in the earth to which thoEe who mourned him could repair and say, point- ,fag downwards, " Wliat remains of him is ' here but a tomb rivalling "the heavens in immensity, a material eternity that -jfould absorb him ar.d liis memory as ^though his fcim, waiting there to be "" launched, was hut a drop of the dew that glittered in the moonshine upon the grating that supported him. That bundle was a test to fill me with melancholy musings, rnd I was thinking of the man as 1 had beheld hirn in the morning, worn indeed by shipwreck and _privation, but stately, erect, soldierly ; his cheek crimsoning to tlie blow that Wilfrid had dealt liim ; life and passion strong in him; when I was startled out of my thoughts by Finn ceasing to read. I glanced at him and observed that he was fleering over tiie top of his, book, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to Eee what had called off his attention, and remarked a tall female Cfurc attired ,in a light dress, , .bnt with her e concealcd by a long dark veil, standing cii Ee beside the h'ead of the grating perfectly motionless, save for such movements as came to her by the swaying of tho yacht-. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghost, and she locked like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her eyes showing through the veil, and the stitchedup form on the grating to give a darker and more thrilling Accentuation to her presence than she could have got from an -cmpty-^jrave-or-a-ruptured-coffin. -33ie sailors backed away from her, shouldering one s^nqther^into the gloom with much mpug^fSieirjcathcrSipsxiponlhe backs of thiesr^iands. :* I was startled on teholding her^ igrt^guickly tallied to a sense of deep :di£gust that possessed me oil contrasting this illustration of emoSon with her langiiage.-,and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. . '.'Proceed,"; I.. exclaimed to 'Finn. " Bead on, -tarn; and shorten the service, too, if you can." I He croaked out afresh, .but the rpoor fellow was -exceedingly nervous. The ceremony, so far as it had gone, 'had jbeon chill, doleful, . depressing enough before ; but a character almost of lioixor to my mind now came-into it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood —scarce -won by the lamplight and the moonlight from the thadowiness that clfothed her withunfealitJ—Jit the head of that ashen-tinctured length lying prone (and resembling a, hammock upon the grating. It Vras^hfe inoral her ladyship's presence put into the occasion that made the ceremony all on -a ,6pdden 80 hideously \- gaunt, EO -wild,, so inliomin, striking icelike to the heart. For <M« she had quitted bgr child, as sji® bclipyed, for ever; for this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extinguished the inspiration of her womanhood's purest, feelings! \Vha1 irltaert - her ladi pleasure at li ^ ^ then for the base dishonour'Sie did herself by this subtle, impairing attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip -with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, .stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind her! \- - • FinTi'a rrtmlnng ww^iJ - " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture lotilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men who held it, or EIEB not understood." The sailors raised their aims; the glimmering bundle sped like a small cloud of sihoke from the side to the accompaniment of the iioise of s long; creaming wash of water simmering aft from the bow, through -which I caught the note of a halfstifled shriek 'from iady Monson.' She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if The would fall. I sprang to her assistance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing vrho l was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the passionate haughtiness, dip^aiT^ and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights -were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the' book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it." Jlady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft-the wheel, and overhung the tafirai], apparently gazing into the obscurity ' astern where the' colonel's body was -sinking and where the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty Eummer highway running ivory- like through a dark land on a moonlit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. - The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn : "I hope Ehe does not mean to throw herself overboard." < His head wagged in the moonlight. "Sir," he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to 3HH themselves. If slie were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But die'tt not hurt herself/' Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ran white as the foam alongside under the moon that was now brilliant, and all objects showed sharp upon that ground, whilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to the heave of the deck was like a crawling of spectral life. X spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off-liand indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror induced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddying froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of the ma" whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to hier' to follow; him she might witness in the apparition, : real, sweet, alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, "which in imagination I could see glowing against the moon. It' was with a -deep sigh of relief that, after 1 had stood Watching her at least ten minutes in the shadow -of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the cdmpanion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in'her going. • Twenty minutes later 1 followed her, found .^e cabin empty, and .went straight to bed. (To be costlaiKcd.) 