HERE AND THERE. ..Mr £. ft jjretfc, inapocfcor of otool^ at Tirana, atntbli that ho has discovered n euro for the $rasshb jjpjjr (jest vVbiijh is itlfestiiig the district. If fits system is curried out; he thinks the colony oan be oleared in a short time and at little cost. Ho will make the matter publio after reporting to his chief; Telegrams from Vienna state thai some of the leading dbotors and sdieiltists In that city discredit the statements made as to 'the effioacy.of Br Koch's consumption cure.. Mr French, the Government entomologist, is now ongaged in tho preparations of; an illustrated pamphlet on the subjoof of the '1'ocunt plague; It will farriiah in a feucoinot -form tho experience gained in the jrbrkj of destruction darried out in this oolooy and other parts of. the world, especially the United States, and will oIbo contain illustrations of the midlines and contrivances used in killing the pest. 1 ! The trial of Oswald Twist, late boots at the Palace Hotel, on the oharges arising but I of tho recent fires in that building, is still proceeding. Mr Oily Bearing, the well known aotor, has given evidence to show that Charles Kimber, who was convicted of being .illegally on tho premises, had been in his company on the night in question, iat Ootober, and oould not possibly have 'caused the fires. An irrigation loan bill, authorising the er» penditure out of the consolidated revenuei of £850,000, will be introduced, with thepbject of its being passed before the adjournment of Parliament for the usual reCessl. This ^authority is required in oonneotion with loans advanced by the late Government to irrigation and water works trusts, and a considerable portion of which has already'been expended. Smallpox in Ireland A pdrrell.el to " snbkes in Iceland.'! An officinl report says that there was not a.ningle case of Bmallpox' in Ireland during 1889. • _ Mr Smith Ellis, with his red rust prevention, is still in the field- Tliny are going to give the remedy a trial in South Australia. He will do well if he converts the Germ .n farmere to his theory. A Hay correspondent reoords that hoavy rain fell there, destroying the graBshoppors. Wait a while. The rain will benefit that horde, unless it be tropical in heaviness and in duration. . Mr J. D. Fitzgerald, the Australian labour delegate, has gone on a "provincial tour" in the old land. Ha will probably find that ''the ghost will not walk" in the British provinces at present. The ingredients of the N.S.W. Royal Commissioners on the Labour Question appear to be tolerably well mixed. When thoy have had time to simmer, and afterwards to settle, the residuum may be satisfactory. To him that hath, &o.; A wealthy selector near Goonabarabrau is supposed heir to iievoral. millions of Chancery funds. If he had been poor, now, he would not have been put in the way of looting that bottomless bos. The most wretched bit of legislative bungling now patent in Australia is the payment for equattera' improvements in South Australia. It is almost pitiable to notioe the wriggling of the Treasurer. " A very sonsible thing for Mr. Duffy to do. The Victorian P.M.G. intends to keep on sale at the Bourke-street G.P.O. a small supply of stamps of the principal foreign nations. Some such accommodation would be welcome in Echuca. i An Austrian doctor says that'the/.. Bting of a bee will inoculate a person against rheumatism for six months. Let the sufferer inoculate himself with a hundred bees, arid thereby banish rheumatism from his frame for the rest of his sublunary existence. . A Japanese paper w«b suppressed and the editors imprisoned for " menacing the peace." Here it is tho larrikin or the " push" that menaces the peace. Wjuld th'it the hoodlum could be silenced in the same eflectual way as 'the Japanese journalise appear to bo I Philadelphia inaiatB upon having the correct time. A public clook is to be erected there that will take one year to place in the tower. The minute is to hje 12ft., and the hour hand 9f'. in length. The bell will weigh 20,000 pounds. A steam engine will be placed in the tower to wiud up the clock. That is, Btirely, " going one better" than tho Sydney Post Office timepiece. Mr O'Sullivan's motion respecting the cable systom of trains in Melbourne shows how indifferent to expanse which IB borne by tho State some persons are who should know better. It is but a few months since the Sydney Municipal Council despatched one of the eity officers to Melbourne, when ho nnde a most painstaking and thorough inquiry, bnd submitted an intelligent and able report. What could a parcel of tho Public WorkB Committee do more, if even as much 1 / A draft consisting of 53 head of pure border Leicester sheep has passed through the Spencer-street Btation, en route for various owners in Victoria and New South Wales. In nearly every animal the true border characteristics were pVutly visible eepccmlly in the clean typical head and the s'quure well grown body. They represented the selections from several etudw, at prices ranging fiom 5 to 20 guineas, by Messrs. Jj. M. Peck and Son, the flocks of Mr. J. 0. Cookrane, of Aitkenside, Ceres, and of Messrs. R. Harper and Co., of Clydebank, supplying the greater number. To Mr. E. T.Webb, of Bathurst, are consigned one ram, 15 eweBand 14 lambs ; to Mr. Norimn L. Sutton, 2 rams, 8 ewes and 6 lambs ; to Messre. Manning Brothers, of Ravenstowei Tatura, 2 rams, 2 ewea and 2 lambs ; and to Mr. G. K. Brown, of Bushy Park, \Yanalio, 1 ram. Tha Indian hawker who was found brutally murdered in a deserted paddock near Healesviile on Thursday hoa been identified as one Juggoo Mull, who had been travellii g the Honlesvillo district for the ^nst three weeks. Tho deceased with a compatriot, arrived in Victoria about a year ago, and the two men, havine twice vainly spphod for liconseB, determined to outer into business without the ntccssary authority, Thoy accordingly obtained a etock of goods from a merchant named Azymoo Khan, and started on a business trip about 10 weeks since. The two men visited tho Corandork aboriginal station on Friday last, and leftatduBk with tho intention of taking a short cut to Heitlesvillo over the mountains.. This traoU passes at a little distanco from the spot whore tho bt.dy was found. On Sunday nigh: the second hawker was met coming into HealeBville. He Btayed that night in the railway shed, and left by tho first train on Monday morning for elbourne. AtPrinceaa- biidgo it was noticed that ho was in such a hurry to leave the train tin. hd dropped his turban, and from that time nil trace of him disappears. Astonishing strike ramifications reported from a hamlet ne*r Wapga. At Hamuli a concert was announced fur tho Sunday school libr.iry, but noino of tho eingors refused to sing, and an attomp- was made to boycott the affair, because an adjacent, runbolder sheared non-union ! si It iB proposed to orect a new railway etation at Adelaide at a cost of £173,000. \ A descent or tho revereo 1 Oscar Wilde eschews leatheuciam for mufiic. Ho is now an instrumentalist, and ho says that when he pliys Ohopiu on the piano ho feels aB if he had been crying over sins ho had committed. If it affocts tho playt r that way, how must good old Oacar'a listeners* feel 1 Legislators who are fond of 4< smiling" in tho Parliamentary refreshment room will re. gret to her that whisky is not (as was sup; p<j8od) necessary in tho treatment of pnou-r monia, Dr Bull, of New York, has dis-^ covered that in tho New Tork hospital G5 per cent of tho pneumonia patients die with alcoholic treatment; while in London, «u, tho Ohjoct Lessou Temperance Hospital, only 5 per cent die. Another uicoholio idol ahalterod( i - i Mr John Morloy one of the high priestB of philoBophio agnostioisra,' atteilda high mass. at the Brompton Oratory in London with groat regularity on Sundays when Parliament is in session; Ho haa a great liking for adored music, and also enjoys hearing the ptetitihing of the Catholic priests. "The only commiii dor otiiimifcor between England and tho wider England beyond the I ocean is that of labor. If ever a girdle is to be woven round our England and Australasia and Africania and tn^ lost America, it will bo bythe hands of the workiug claBSee. Princes and peerB and plutocrats, however willing) are powerless hero. Though^ they have speech in common! the blood is not theirs. The common pooplo of England, as the^ are sometimes called* may possibly federate the English race;" While tho marriage returns in Victoria for last year were above theiflean frate in all the colonies, the birth rate was below the general average, while an exceptionally low death rate prevailed in all the colonies exoopt Victoria. ' The directors of the Mount Morgan Gold 'Mining Company havo declared a dividend •of Is per sbare for November, froo of dividend tax, the total amount being £60,000. \\] General Booth's uIn Darkest England, and itho Way Out" (says tho Home News) marks I and epoch not merely in tho history of the | ^Salvation Army, but in that of the struggle jbf Christianity and philanthrophy with the [miseries and the sin to which poor humanity ;is heir* The book is intensely interesting iroiri cover to cover. Ih« is full of ideas, ably expressed, and there is little difficulty in j detecting who is tho journalistic hand from which the General has received so muoh valuable assistance. It ia that of Mr W. T. Stead, The Qovcrnmtnt Gazette announces the i resignation of Mr J. T. Barrow of the com-1 missioner of tho peaco for the Central Bsili- | wick, and'hiB appointment to the Western, Mr Alfrod Wyati has been appointed a police magistrate, acting temporarily to diBoharge the; duties of the licensing magistrate. A detachment of volunteer cadets has been sanctioned at Oastlemnine. Lieutenant F. W. Osborne, of tho officers' reserve, has been appointed to the artillery. Lioutenant T. Parkin is gazetted to the artillery on pro. bation/ Lieutenant J. Lindsay and D H. J^enkioB are appointed to the Mounted Rifles. ;• At Bulli, on Friday morning, a long procession of vehicles, horsemen, and pedes* trians, headed by the Bulli BrasB Band and a rider-carrying a Hag, accompanied four local unionists who had just been released from the Woollongong Gaol, where they had served ono month for intimidating free labourers at Austinraer, and in whose favjr a public indignation meeting was held soon after the trial. The procession wbb loudly cheered as it passed through the town. Strike matters are quiet. Moat of the police and military have departed, as well as some of the free labourers. Two important matters havo bean dealt with by the Cabinet. It was decided that the Government should not introduce a bill to permanently increase the salaries of the Railway Commissioners, as was contemplated by the late Government, neither will it place a good sum of money on the Estimates to p\y Mr Speight £1,000 and Mr Ford and Mr Greene £500 each in excess of their ordinary salaiies for the current year, as was done last year. Tho other matter was the distribution of the municipal endowment. Preparations are now being made for the production of the oratorios, "The Messiah" and 41 Elijah," wiih Madime Patey as a soloist, in Melbourne, on the 9th and 14th prox. In order that the choruses of these two great works^may be rendered in a fitting manner, a choir of about 300 voices haB been | formed, and the instrumental portions will be played by the Victorian Orchestra. Mr Hamilton Clarke will act as conductor. The first rehearBal for the choir will take place on Tuesday evening next. Tho performances of the oratorios will give those who have expressectaome disappointment at the class of songs whioh Madame Patey haB been Binging at her concerts the opportunity of hearing thegreat oontralto in music which will allow her tho fullest scope for displaying her ar'istic powers, The cotference of agricultural societies which the late Minister of Agriculture had arranged to take place in the early part of tho pre8ont month, but was postponed indefinitely owing to Mr JDow'd retirement fronvoftice, will be held on the 27th December at the board room of the Lands Office. The objeot of the conference is to arrange for a better Bystem than that at present existing of distributing the grant in aid to agficulturalsociotiog, and also to consider a pro* poaal to divide the colony int:> 12 districts, in each of which one principal show, approximating in importunes to the National Show, will be held every year. The Minister of Agriquhure will preside. William Lanark, a wealthy old farmer, of Lanark County, Ontario, died 14 years ago, Ieavihg £18,000,-' tho distribution of which whs made tho occasion of a lawsuit by some of tho surviving members of the family. Among the male heirs was Sttphen Holiday, a married son, who in 1864 left his wife and two children and went sailing on the lakes in tho schooner Ada Drake, which was lost in a heavy storm of! Cleveland, and Holiday's fanaify supposed that he went down' tfith tho vessel. His widow subae. quently married a Toronto man named Dorubhn, and secured an order for the payment of Stephen's share of his father's money to her and her two son*. This was followed by an order that tho mouey should remain in the court. Four years ago Mis Derusha, Stephen's wife, dud, aud lately Stephen returned to Canada, and (old of his miraculous eacapo from the wreck after boii.g wishtd about the l*ko for hours lashed to a eptr, and of being picked up by a prupiOl'r, alter which he went to Honduras and Central America. He v.a1? identified by his oily surviving son and a noighb ur who know him years ago, and his share of his fithor's citato was made over to him Princo Krapotktn is ono of tho moat advanced of modern Russum Socialists. And, when wo remember his stoimy pis!, it is singularly suggestive to road in tho September nurabor of the Nineteenth Century a Join,'thy paper from his pun dealing with co-operation in the anim»l world (insects and birds included). Incidentally, one of hit instances is furnished by tho able and learned zoologist who was lately resident here. Dr. R. von Lendetifeld, upon tho habits of those white Australian cockatoos whioh in Kiveriiu aro such a post to the farmer and cultivator. If Prince ICrapotkin depended for his living on *v fifrm down Narandera way, ho would not tind aB much to admire about the screaming nuisances as he does in tho Nineteenth Century. ■ • At tho meeting of tho Tradea'-haU Council a 1 tcer haa been received from the Slaughtermen's Union, a&kiug; tho council to sup).otb thc-m in blurting a slaughtering and meat, supplying company in opposition to would-be destroyors of unionism. Mr Hancock moved that tho request bo com) lied with. Ho was afraid they would all be compelled to follow tho example of the Slaughtermen^ Union, for tho employers were using thoir new toy called freedom cf contract in a very tyrannical manner. Many prominent members of the various unions wero being persecuted, and it seemed as though aomeof thom would be kept out of wi rk at iheir tr«do for n very Jong time. The motion was seconded by Mr Winter (vici-pre&ident;) and carried. Mr Hancock stated there were still 900 mon on tho books as being out of otuploymout through the latb strike. 