WHOSE WAS THE HAND? BY MISS BRADDOH. Author of "Lady Audley'aSeoret," "Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men'B ShoeB," "Out by the County," "Taken at the Flood, 1 ' " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing heedful," " Mohawke," &c.t; &o;, CHAPTER XXV. DAISY'S MA BY IN JOY. I am engaged to Gilbert Floreatan. At laBt I understand what it is to be aa engaged girl, and henceforward I shall bs able to sympathise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, of whatever colour, whether she wear ostrich leathers and diamonds in her head at the Court of St. James's, or a feather girdle in somo unknown islet of the South Seas, whether she spend her allowance on frocks or on beads. Yes. till I am ninety, till I am cold in death, I shall be able to sympathise with every lover and every loved one upon earth, for now I know what love means. I know that it means SVKBYTUNG. It means the colours of the sky, and the brightness of the sun—it means the perfume of flowers and the freshness of mormng—it means the balmy noontide, and it means the restful coolness of green waving boughs; it means lamplight at eventide in cosy, graciouB drawing-rooms—it means blind-man's, holiday beside the morning-room fire! It means all these; for all these have double beauty, and charm, and oomfort audJsweetness since Gilbert and I were engaged. What will Cyril think, down at the bot torn of this round globe, when he hears that Gilbert and I are to be married onthe first «layof the new year t What oas he. think, except that I am the lightest and most contemptible young woman he ever had the misfortune to count among his acquaintance. Beatrice Reardon has been very nioe to me. She says that I have nothing to be ashamed about in the transaction. It iB customary. It is, one may say, a rule of the game. When people break off an engagement, even if they nave been engaged Jor yean, and have doted on eaoh other all the time, it is their duty to get engaged to other people without the slightest loss of time. They o we this to their own dignity. A girl who has the slightest self-respect will get engaged within a week after the parting, even if she has to marry a chimney- sweep. "Of course," said I, " that is what Claire does in the 'Ironmaster,' and even one knows what a perfect heroine she waB, " If you can just tolerate Mr. Florestau, you may consider yourself very lucky, 1 ' said Beatrice. " When I heard you were going to marry him, I made UD my mind that he was absolutely loathsome to you." " Did yon ?" cried I. " Curious, isn't it i I really can juBt submit to tha idea of a future existence as his wife. I shall live next to mother, and that will be some consolation." I meant to write everything in this diary. It was to be "my novel," the romance of my life with all its bright colours and all its Auk shadows; it was to be a book to whose pkges I cculd go back when I am middleaged and when I am old, and live again all the happiest hours of my youth, and awaken echoes of old voices and vivid smiles, and every thought, feeling, and fancy of the passing hour. The wheels of the chariot roll oa eo swiftly when one is happy. One should try at least to put a break ui>on memory : and for that there is only one way—pen and ink. Yes, I meant tbe story of my life to be complete; and yet I am going to leave oae little blank—a little blank did I Bay— a blank which represents the crisis of my existeneei^he turning point between dull patience aud consummate bliss. I cannot write the mode and manner of my engagement, that audden passage from liberty to bondage, when he took me in his arms, in the arbour, where we were onoe so. miserable, and called me " wife." Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no doubt, to the indifferent reader, but the word thrilled my heart. I cannot write of his kisses, or count them as if they were pounds, shillings, and pence in the housekeeper's book. I cannot write all the •weet foolishness of his talk, the undeserved praises, the intoxicating flatteries, which he protested were sot flatteries. Of those ridiculous moments I can kee^ no record. Per haps if I had been let in at the Gate of Paradise for half an hour 1 should not be able to describe the heavenly garden when I came out again. It is the Bame with that half hour in the {arbour. He talked, and I listened, and we were engaged. This iB my only record. On the same evening, however, we had a very serious conversation on the terrace after dinner. Mother was in her favourite seat by the drawing-room window. Uncle Ambrose was pacing tbe room. We could see them both in the lamplight as we walked slowly np and down. The evening was wonderfully warm and balmy for tbe end of September, and the great foil moon was rising behind Lamford Church tower; this being the third moon we have worn out since we left London. We talked of the moon a little, and he guoted Shelley, whom he knows aB well BB if he had competed for one of Mrs. Crawahaw's prizes; and then I ventured to ask him a question which had been burning my tongue ever since we wereesgaged, juatfour hours and a half. It is wonderful what those four hours had done for me. I felt as much at my case with him as if I had been engaged for three weeks, and I began to understand the cool Mdaoity of girls who send their fiances on messages and make light of them in company, and the free and easy manners of the motherly girls who mend their sweethearts' Cloves, and scold them for spilling things on their waistcoats, and put diachylum-plaster on their wounds. " Will you be very angry if I ask you a question!" I asked. " I should .be angry if you wished to ask me anything and diin't," said he. " Being your slave, what should I do " hu'fifl "Please don't," I cried. "Cyril quotsa that sonnet once, and I was quite rude to him about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything second-hand. Yet it is a lovely sonnet, isn't it," I added apologetically, for for the line sounded sweet from Aim. "Cyril was not in touch with my ideas about Shakespeare," he laughed, and answered with a most nnnecessar,/ kiss. " Yon really wouldn't mind ?" I asked. " from those lips all words are dear." " Were you ever in love with anybody before you began to care for me ?'' -..« " Ah, I thought that question would come Shall I answer it Jesuitioally or honestly ? "Oh, honestly, please; be brutal to me rather than dishonest Of course I am prepared for the worst. You must have adored ever so many girls before you came to let your glanceB light upon insignificant me." "Ever so many. That's a large order. Bnppose I plead guilty to two. I wish I had sever looked at a woman, or at leait never wasted a thought upon one till I saw you. I shouldn't, if I had only knows what was ooming." •'Do you really think 1 am as nioe as the £tbs; two?" l acked, comforted by those sweet worde. " I think yon are to them as a wild rose on S hedge in the dewy morning oompared with a double dablia in the heat and dust and glare of tent Mo. 2 at a flower show. Yon Are as tbe freshness of the morsisg, they smelt of gas. The first could not help that, oor soul, for it was across tbe footlighta my Eeut west out to her,". B^T^i • Was she very pretty V I asked. "She was ve^y pretty. That'was juBt fifteen yean ago, mark you, when I was at Eton. She is very pretty at this present •fcourj 'she will ^o on being rery pretty, I \- - end of the century She is a ffisq^^ias. todigaw hefin the da«- t^t^tUe^Kr's dress you pan conceive, dancing « Bkfatlgas *gMl a " d stage one. Yes.baisy," heeaWctiMfJ, I okad guilty to being over head an4 in feve with Mit> Millncwt Melville, of .the Hilarity, fifteen yean ago, ft* th* whole tpace of the Christmas holiday, I was etcr.ebroke for her sake, and spent all my tips upon theatre tickets, hothouse flowers, and chocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers and the caramels to the surly stage doorkeeper, who may have sold them to the minor members of the troupe for aught I know. I never got speech of my houri, and I was heartbroken when I discovered, upon unimpeachable authority, that she had a husband •nd -five children, How she did it—how . she looked so lovely and Byfohlike and child-. Ishly innocent, with an eating and drinking, smoking and Bwearing man and five brats to work for I have never been able to understand." " Was she number one ?" I asked. "Ties, she was number one." " In that case I forgive you your first love. And now tell me about your second." " That is a graver case, D*isy. I emtiot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail me with paper pellets that time. Hia arrows were barbed, and the barbs were poisoned. I loved a woman who was unworthy of my love, Daisy. I passed through the soathing fire of a wasted passion " "You loved her aB well as you love me?" I asked, feeling just as if I bad dropped from a paradise in yonder moon down to a hard, cruel earth." All my gladness perished in one gasping rtgb. I felt cure he had cared more for her than for me." "I'm afraid I mnst rlradRcilty to having loved her very dearly while my love lasted, Daisy; but the cure was a clean care. 1'hero was not so much as a scar left from the old wcor.d by the time I met you in Paris; and Jtom that hour I was yours and yours only." "And if I had not broken with Cyril what would you have done?" " Lived on my roaming, desultory life, aad suffered the dull agony of an empty heart." "Were you really nnhappy in Scotland, in spite of grouse and capper-cailzsa and things." "In spite of as fine a stag as ever was stalked, whioh this hand slew the da; before I casually heard that Ardeu had sailed in the big new ship for Colombo." "And would yon not have found some new divinity before Christmas?" It waB delightful to have him there and to be able to catechize him; yet I could not help being savagely jealous of that nnkaowa love, the number two in his calendar. I oould not but feel that it was nice of him to tell me the truth, even at the risk of offending me for life." " Tell me about that second flame ofyours," I said, agoaized with curiosity. " Was ebe very lovely t" " She was splendidly handsome, a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, because they so harmonized with her bold, bright beauty. I was among many worshippers, and I happened to be th« moat eligible of her adorers from a matrimonial point of View, and so she was graclotis to me, and so i was her slave " Did she jilt yon ?" I asked, for there was a bitterness in his tone - which assured me the dear-creature bad treated him abominably." I could have hugged her for it. " Well, it was hardly a case of jilting. If I were to write my etory I should call the book ' Illusion and Disillusion.' I was fortunate 'enough to find her out—before marriage instead of afterwards. My innocent little Daisy can hardly guess what a world of misery that disooveiy saved me." " I don't want to guees," I said," but there is one thing I should like to know, Gilbert." I bluBhed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own audacity as I pronounced hia Christain same. I had my arm through his, and found myself giving nis arm a gentle squeeze now and then just to make sore that he was real, and that all the oostacy of this hour was not a moonlit dream." " Ask as many questions as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue ohamber in my memory of whioh yon may not open the door." "It does not pain yon to speak of that wicked person ?" " Not a whit. No more than it would pain me to talk of Cleopatra?" "But at the time of your disillusion—did love die all at onoe, or by inches ?" " Love died in an hour; but there was something, the shadow and uieaiury and aftertaste of paBBion which was plaguily loag a dying." " Is it dead yet ?" X asked frightened, " Dead aB a doornail. Dead as Scrooge's partner, old Marley ; deader, for no ghost of thatvaniahedfeeling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roach the night I met yen at the Grand Opera, and from that night 1 wae your slave." "Ob, that is nonsense," cried I, "you could not have cared for me all at once, a commonplace Knglish person like me. What was there in my poor f&oo; to catch your eye ?" " Innocence, truth, oandour. The virtaea which make man's life blessed and honourable. I saw poetic loveliness, and through that transparent beauty I saw the tru9 and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin gold, fiawlesB, above price." *' Dcn't, don't," I cried, standing on tiptoe to pat my hand apon bis lips. " This last illusion is worse than the first and second. How can I ever live up to such an ideal as you have made out of me?" *' Only love me, Daisy ; there is no mora to do;" "Oh, that comes too easy. I did that before I was asked." Mother's voice calling us from the open window put an end to our confidential talk, but my beart was quite at ease now that I knew the history of his earlier loves. If he had told me he had never been in love before he eaw me I should certainly not have believed him; and I should have been tortured for all the fears to come by inextinguishable distrust. All this happened nearly a month ago, though I couldn't bring myself to write about it before, to-day; and perhaps I should not be writing sow if Gilbert had not been obliged to go to London to see his solicitor— our fit stparting—leaving me toget through the day somehow without him. The grounds look BO dreary, the shrubberies seem BO empty—aad oh, what ages to eight o'clock dinner, when he will be back, CHAPTER XKVL DAISY'S DIAKY IK SORROW. When I wrote the last line in this book I think I must have been the happiest girl i a world. There was hardly a cloud npon my sky—yes, one oloud, the fact that the man whom I thought my friend and benefactor was out of health asd unhappy. Yet, in epite of that one cloud I was utterly happy, selfishly absorbed in my aew happinesB. lo-day I taae np my pan in fear and trembling. A dark and terrible cloud has closed over my life. I thank God that clond does not rest upon my lover's head, He standB out is the sunshine, and all my thoughts of him are full of thankfulness and delight; but I can no longer be the sel&eb;, aelf-abaorbsd creature I WAS when I wrote thoBe last foolish pages, giviog myself up to this dumb confidant as I oould do to so living being. I must think of others now. This dark discovery forces my thoughts into other groves. I mast remember that i am my mother's daughter, as well as Gilbert's affianced wife. Ob, it IB all BO sad, eo awful, such a cruel revelation, changing the whole colour of lifd, BtripDing off the mask from a faoe tnat was once honoured and beloved, opening a deep well of baseness and iniquity in the flowery garden-world where I was so hapDy. To ma itwasaB Btartling and sudden and blighting to come face to face with that great wickednesB as it would have been to Eve in Eden, if if the ground had yawned at her feet revealing a oharnel house, there in that fair,, new world where Bhe had never heard of death. Sometimes, for a few moments, I doubt, and ask myself if I am sot deluded, if that hideous suspicion whioh grew in an hour iato absolute conviction might not aitar all be groundless—and then I go over the facta slowly, in oold blood, one by one, slowly putting them together again like the pieces in a puzzle, and there the awful foot appears in unmistakable certainty. Oh, father, father, how that trusting open nature, that generous heart of yours was cheated! How ooldly, deliberately and heartlessly your life was plotted away by the man who sat at your table, and smiled baslde your hearth, and waB to you almost as your brother. It was your own familiar friend who planned your murder. I must go back to the moment when this Hideous secret revealed itself. It was natural that as Gilbert's fiancie I should tell him everything that had happened to me in all iy life, and indeed I fear that I must bave g ore«f him terribly since we were engaged by prattling to him about every insignificant detaii of my colourless existence—my lessons, my boat, my play/?Uows aud friends, I don't believe I bave spart^ him a single doll, certainly not a favourite P 0 * 1 , not a tingle nursery > been anecdote, fold, everything, cor a single family joke, He ha? been days told ago everything. he came Iato the drawing-1 Two last " ' 68 it waB growing dusk, fls htd ! 160m jost ft r^ntTftd .. nnatn ^ ftftd twra . I.a4 _ U.. 1 been to London again, ana we hai ha' another parting, ana I bftd felt very mopy all the afternoon, more especially as mothsr had gone off on her weekly round, to heir her weekly tale of woes and. illnesses. I did not expect to Bee Gilbert until dinner time, aud oh, how my foolish heart thrilled with delight when I heard his step in the hall just after the clock struck five. II WAS VERP totten that £ have the privilege of making tea for Gilbert, and on this oooaeion I an sorry to say I made it so strong that it wac hardly drinkable. I saw he made a wry faee at every el®—though he declared it was quite the nicest tea he had e7§F pasted—and even chivalry did not enable, him to etapty Us oujji, " Was it 4tf ettertiioh &£• 66Me bthefr great diplofnat WHO sipped a glass Of castor oil with every sign of relish becausS.his host Hid offered it to him as particularly finb Ttkay ? ' I asked him, laughing at his self-E&ennce;, and then I rang and ordered some o'nooolate a la Vanille, whioh our butler makes to perfection. " You poor victim of soft hearteduess," I said, " why did'nt you tell me that the tea was horrid ? I overdid it in wanting to make it especially good, ao that yoa might have a high opinion of my domestic capabilities." *' I like strong tea," he answered, " but certainly yours is fortissimo ; I fancy a goodsized pot of such stuff would serve to blow up the Houses of Parliament." How gay we were as we sat and talked and laughed in tho growing dusk, with oar.feet on tbe marble curb, crooning over the fire like Jobn Anderson and his old wife. How proud I felt cf my lover, and how blessed ia the assurance that he was all my own, that I hati left no oorccr of his heart unexplored, so ecrret bidden from my pryingeyea. WA sii'ped our chocolate, which was reilly delisitus. What superior creatures Barvauiftnrt? If I bad attempted to make thit Mi titer a la Vanille 1 have no doubt the remit would have been "ojious," as de*r Mr Toole says in the " Upper Crust." We sipped our chocolate, and talked aud talked, cot from grave to Ray, but from gay to grave; and presently i told my dearest the oiogta secret of my life, the ooe act of mine, which I bad hidden from the best of mothers. I told him how when I first went to Loudon I was haunted by the ghastly vision of my father's murder, and how morbid longing to see the room where that dark deed was done took posaessloa of my mind, aud would not be driven a way. I told him how I crept out of the house in the summer twilight, and every step in that dismal pilgrimage till I came to Church-street on my way home. And then I told him of that intolerable Frenahman'a insolence, and of the good soul ii the hinsom, to whom I should so like to leave a legacy when I am old enough to make a will, if I only knew his honourable name. "I know my enemy's name well enough," said I, "for as tho cab was driving off with me, his friends called out to him, ' Ho!.a, Daverdier.'" "Daverdier!" oried Gilbert, starting as if he had been Bhot. " Great God in Heaven ! Why that is the name of the man I believe t J be your father's murderer!" In the next instant he' seemed to regret having spoken, bat I would not let him tike back his words, I made him tell ms all ho knew or thought or suspected about my father's cruel death; and stage bv stage I got the whole story out of him. It was slow work, for he was sorely disinclined to tell me anything. " Now that I know something I muBt know all," I said, when he refused to answer my questions; and eo, little by little, I heard the whole story. My mother had asked him to help her in tracing out a girl whom my father admired and had half a mind to' marry before he had ever seen mother's face. She appealed to Gilbert, counting on his knowledge oi Parisian life, and he had succeeded beyond his hopes np to a oertain stage; but just as he had pnt his hand, as it were, upon ths brother of this Frenchwoman, whom he "believed to be the Bo-called watchmaker in Denmark-street,~the man left Paris, tearing no clue to his destination. . " I could do so more than leave the case In the hasds of the Parisian police, who have a strong motive for finding your father's murderer, If he iB above ground," said Gilbert. " Of oourse my reasons for believing this to be the man are in a measure conjectural, but the circumstantial evidence is strong. The man who murdered yonr father was a man who knew the story of your father's xouthful love affair, asd was able to use the Fresch milliner's name aa a decoy. It is known that Morel was in London with other Communists at the time of the murder; it iB known that he waa heard of at Madrid soon after the murder, and that he was then flush of money. For my own satisfaction 1 have convincing proof that this Duverdier is the man Clande Morel; butitisnot Bach proof as oould be produced in a Court of justice. The evidence that convinoed ms waa the evidence of a woman's face." And then he told me how he had met Morel's sister, and had taxed her with her identity with the girl whom my father onoe loved. Her emotion at the Bound of my father's name was pitiable; her agitation when he accused her brother of the murder was terrible. After that interview he had no donbt BB to the guilt of the man now known aB Lson Daverdier. *'The one missing liflk in the chain of evidence iB the means by which th* knowledge of your father's movements on that fatal day was transmitted to the murderer. He must have had an informant, i! not not an accomplice, either in the iav mediate vicinity of this house, or in the lawyer's office, where the hour end the nature of hia appointment may have been known to the clerks." A deadly chill crept through my veins a; he said these words, I was glad of tho growing darkness which hid my face from him. I was glad that £ had deferred the lighting of the lamps, so as to prolong out blind man's holiday. I sat silent, motionlscs, paralyzed by the horrible suspicion whisa filled my mind. Some one at Lamford must have given th information that enabled the murderer ti plan hia crime. Who could that some one b= unless it were that familiar friend, the confidant of every enterprise and every idei of my father and mother? My mother hai told me in answer to my questions that no servant in the house knew where my father was going or what he was going to do that day. The conversation at dinner. on the previous evening had not touched on the business part of the transaction. My father had been full of the landscape gardener's plans, and the talk had been wholly of the terraces and the arboretum, of levelling and planting, asd laying en water for fountaias and greenhouses. All that was known in the household on thatevenicg or on the following morning was that my father was going to London, and was to return before dinner. Yet some one had furnished such precise information til at my fathers murderer waa able to meet him midway between the Bank and the lawyer's office. Who waa the accomplice, or worse than accomplice of the murder; since the idea of murder might never have esteced Claude Morel's mind if some one, knowing my father's affairs, had not told him how large a sum of money might be gained by that crime? Who could that secret assassin, tbtt worse than murderer, be but the man whose footsteps were now dogged by the shedder of blood?—who. but that man whose face bore in every lino the marks of an inextisguieliable remorse, tbe man whom I had seen shrinking away with horror- stricken countenance from the room where my father used to eit, and where his guilty conscience may have conjured np the shadow of tbe dead ? His friend, his generous, confiding friend; oh, God < what a depth of iniquity. To have deliberately planned that cruel murder, to have plotted the crime which a vulgar assassin was to execute, to have waited aud watched the opportunity, perhaps to have tempted and persuaded the assassin againB^ somo remnant of better feeling, some instinctive shrinking from bloodshed, some scruple of conscience. And to have been with us, day by day, after that devilish act, oar friend., our consoler; till at last, trading on a woman's gratitude for fancied benefits, he put forward his claim to the wife of his victim, and possessed himself of the object of hiB wioked love, Possessed himself J Yes, thank Gad, I know that my mother never loved him, that she gave her life up to him as if in payment of a debt, [sacrificing herself to reward the fidelity of a life-long friendship. God keep her from the horror of knowing what I know. My long silence made Gilbert uneasy abiat me, and he was full of tender sympathy, thinking that our conversation abant my father had renewed an old grief. Mother came in while he was consoling me, and the lampB were brought, and I had to put oa a cheerful coutenance somehow for her dear sake; and by- and-b; I had to eit down to dinner with that Judas, and still to play tha hypocrite. I could hear the sound of my own voice as I talked, and it had suoh a false tone that it iarred upon my ear. Oh, the horror of that hour in the drawingroom when mother asked me to i>lay these numbers of Chopin whioh her husband prefers, and when I sat before tbe piino and played like a machine, while Ambrose Ardec walked up and down with soft, cat-like step, and cow and again paused and stood behind me for a few minutes, and onoe even laid his hand upon my shuddering shoulder. My whole beisg waB one sense of horror aud revulsion. I could Bcaroely breathe while he was so near m£; yet I went on playing somehow. always Jibe a machine. Poor Chopin ! " Fob are not in your asual form ta-night, Daisy," said Gilbert, who protends to thiuk a great deal of my playing. And then Ee came over to me, and bent 1 down to look into my eyes, and talked to. me ever so sweetly, and his dear presence exorcised tbe demon, and that guilty wretqh • walked slowly away, and went oh with hia ' restless prowling, to and fro, to aad fro, like a spirit in hell—the hell of guilty memorise ASC gnawing thoughts, the -hell of tbe traftor. and murderer, that hell within the soul of man which made Judas harl bick h|s fatil thirty pieces npon his tempters, and rash oii into the field and destioy himself. Where their worm dieth not and their fire fcbotgaenched. That is the hell which Ambrose Arden his mado for himself. I ttfeht on playing while Gilbert went b ick to the other end of the room where he had been Bitting with mother, and challenged her to a game of chess, I was alone in the shadowy corner by the piano, asd aa I played I watched that taU, slim figure, with the b int shoulders, moving slowly to and fro, wito a gliding motion. It seemed as if now this awful troth has revealed itself, I see Ambrose Arden in a new light—as if I had been blindfold before, and had made for myself an image of the mm and coloured it with my own colours. The face and figure I watched to- night seemed new and strange, and the signs of a guilty conscience, the indications of a crafty and double nature seemed to me now BO strongly impressed apon every look and movement of the man that I tell myself I must have been blind all this time, or I oonld not have missed his secret. It is there, written npon hie brow, the very brand that seared the forehead of the fint murderer, Cain, What a relief it was to be alone at laBt; yes, even a relief to bid good night to Gilbert and mother, and to look the door of my ows room, asd to Bit down by the fire, face to face with tbe grim and hideous truth. I wanted to think ont my horrible idea, to arrange all the facts which seem to constitute suoh damning evidenoe against my stepfather, to try if I could not acquit him, or, at any rate, write "not proven" against his crime. AUB, no! After long hours of thought, after a long winter night without one interval of bleBBed sleep, my reason still oondemned him. In my mother's second bfMbnndM> (he f riend and teacher of all my early years, the man to whom I owed so mucli—in him whom laet of all men 1 should have snspected, I still saw the mnrtierer of my father. I recalled Duverdisr'a appaarsnco in Grosvenor-sqaaro, his persistence in seeing my step-father, his look cf billlad fury as he left tbe house 1 recalled his appearance in this place. Would acy iniu without credeniiaiB of a guilty nature dire co to haunt a man in my stepfather's po&iiioa; ? Yet this mere fact of the man's persecution would not have inflacnctd me to believe in my stepfather's guilt. The evidence that was to my mind conclusive was the evidence of Cyrils appearance and Cyril's conduct npon the day tvh&u; ho played the listener to a conversation between hia father and Duverdier. I saw those three figures in the lane. Ambrose Arden and Daverdier aide by side, Duverdier talking angrily, vehemently, though in a lowered voice, and that other figure following stealthily, listening with bent brow and pallid face. Was it like my frank and manly Cyril to play the spy upon his father's movements, to creep at his father's heels and listen to a confidential conversation ? What could be more nnlike his character, as I knew it ? Nothing but the most stringent circumstances would have forced him into such a contemptible position. And within two or three hours of that scene in the lane he came to me, changed and aged as if by a mortal malady:, and told.me that all was over between us. I' recalled almost every word of our conversation, bis proteBt that the motive of his renunciation was one which I oould sever ksow, hia resolution to go to the sttennost end of the eartb, to begis a new life, to cut himself adrift from all old aaaociations. And this determination, thiB abandonment of tho whole scheme of his existence, bad been.reeolved upon since he left the Bectoir* in high spirits, the moBt light-hearted of men. What but some awful revelation could have so quickly changed the whole oolour of his life ? This waa the evidence that weighed most heavily with me; and next to this was the evidence of my stepfather's decay, the gradual deepening of the gloom that had darkened over him in the midst of the happiest and faireBt surroundings. No, I had no doubt now as to the brain which plotted the murder, or the haad which sent the information to the murderer on the eveor on the morning of the fatal day. And my mother wae this man's wife, and must sever know his guilt, lest the horror of it ekon.d drive her mad. When I think of her abiding love for my father, and think how she gave herself to thiB Judas, not caring for him, I am almost mad myself. Oh, what a cheat and triskater, what a a prince of villains he has been to play BO patient a part, to sow the wicked eaed at the first chance Fate gave him, and then to wait seven years for tbe harvest. Bad ha asked my mother to be hie wife within a yesr or two of the murder, her eyes might have been opened, she might have suspected that he had some part in her husband's death. But after seven years of tranquil, self-abnegating friendship, after winding himself iato our hearts by every artifice of an accomplished hypocrite, it seemed almost a natural, icevi tible development; that he should change trom friend to lover, and that his constancy icfriesdeiup should claim its reward. Mo, the dear mother must cover know this hideoaB secret, if any power of aelf-repreBsioc on my part can keep it from her. And eo I have day after day to eit at table with the man who planned my father's death, ani I have to reprocs all signs of repsleion, and to aeem all that I onoe waa to liinx, at least in my mother's preeence. Happily for me he spends the greater p>r of his existence in the solitude of the cottaga over Ithe way. Happily for all of us that existence ie sot likely to be a long one. Our Lsmfcrd doctor, who went up to London with mother aoa her husband to assist at the visit to the physician, told Gilbert in confr dence that there is organic disease of tbe heart, and Ambrose Arden ia not likely to live to old age. 