^¡¡jl^l* tyra Recrciifs^ % PART ll j CHAPTER _V. MAN 'PROPOSES/ i w alter MUbanke was under the impression that he -was master in his own house, and his wife . was clever enough to keep this belief alive. She \ had her own way without appearing to oppose Walter in the smallest thing. His father had made it a rule to govern his household autocrati- cally. 'Have a wife and rule a wife,' was his motto, and he instilled it into Walter, but Walter's was a far more gentle nature than that ; of his deceased father, and Jenny Norcott had had sense enough to discover this the very first : day she was introduced to him, and on which . very first day she had made ixp her mind to have . ; him propose to her, and to promptly accept him. Within twelve months of that very first day they were married. This was ten years ago, and they had lived a happy life ever since-Jenny, a clever House- keeper, fond of society and dress ; Walter decrying ' that sort of thing/ but enjoying it all the same, 1 and Westbury Lodge being known among a certain set of pleasant people as a Paradise of good management and merry receptions. The children-there were three of them-were not allowed to interfere with the social pleasures of the house; they had good nurses and well arranged apartments, and only now and then were ' permitted to be in evidence in drawing or dining room. Their mother visited them once a day, . and romped with them or read them stories, or ' heard their lessons, and at night, when she was ? at home, they said their little prayers at her knee. They came to ; dinner on birthday s or at Christmas, i they went out in the carriage for a daily airing, : and sometimes into the park, wonderfully dressed and with French servants, picturesquely attired., Walter, while he said Jenny was fond, of showing off the children when they went out, liked to see the display, and was a happy well-to I do fellow, with a good word for most people, and I rarely a bad one for anybody, except once in a way, when the attentions to his wife of some snob I or other, who did not understand her free and frank manner, aroused his marital dignity, and ' on one occasion he actually slapped a fellow's i face, and then called him out. This was in the first year of his marriage. He had since learned what a man must put up with, having a pretty ; and charmingly dressed wife, who, assxxred of her i position, is somewhat too fearless in what. she i says and does before strangers. [ Under these conditions of domestic adminis- tration it is hardly neccessary to say that .the dinner to which Walter had invited Swynford, and Mrs. Milbanke Philip Forsyth, was an ade- quate, pleasant and cheery repast ; no fuss, no formality-as Walter said, en famille- eight o'clock, bright fires (it was the last week in March, and the English Spring was setting in. i with all its accustomed severity) two good dishes among the kickshaws, a bottle of dry champagne/ no nonsense about whitewash after dinner, but a drop of Margeaux and as quickly as might be afterwards a good cigar and a thimbleful of black coffee, and join the ladies in half an hour. Walter had a glib and happy vocabulary, a touch of the Charles Mathews manner, and which his wife in moments of badinage said had come to him ever since he played, at some private theatricals, the leading part of ' Patter versus Clatter.' During that one good cigar after dinner, Walter had tried to talk of the Venetian trip, which had often been discussed by the Westbury Lodge household, to be at last finally settled upon. Philip had of his own accord expressed a wish to accompany the party, and his mother had secretly confided to Mrs. Milbanke that this proposal was preliminary to a second one of a more important nature. The Milbankes were well satis- fied with this arrangement. Dolly, while she flirted with Sam Swynford, and indeed with any other eligible gentleman who came in her way, was far inore serious with Phil Forsyth than with anyone else ; had indeed gone so far as to dance with him at Lady Marchmount's ball five times, to Phil's entire satisfaction and to the' envy of several of his acquaintances. Philip Forsyth, being of a more or less reflective turn of mind, a student in name and in reality, enjoyed the light-hearted chat and merry ways of Dolly, and it must be confessed she was a very bright and pretty girl. She had dark brown eyes, a fair complexion, light brown hair with a suggestion of sunshine in the torie of it, a straight little nose, that had in early youth made up its mind to be retroussé, and had become more demure later on, to develop into a coquettish something between humourous snub and serious straight, the effect of which was, to quote Sam Swynford, ' awfully taking,-my boy/ She had a dainty, willowy figure, not too willowy, but with sufficient roundness to suggest generosity of living and generosity of nature. Coupled with all this she had a musical little laugh, which in an ugly giri would have been called a giggle, but in the case of Dolly was a pretty trill of gaiety and good humour. In her own heart she did not quite know which of her two lovers she liked best. In her merriest moods she fancied Sam, who was always 'on for fun/ as he said; who brought none of his business worries to dinner-a contrast to Philip, who, when he. had difficulties with his painting, managed to cast the reflection of them on the party. Once in a way, when Dolly had a headache or had been disappointed in the fitting of a dress, or when her sister had not got the box at the opera which Walter had promised for a Patti night, she preferred the society of Phil, who was always more or less ready to be doleful ; bïit she liked him best when she met him out at a ' swagger literary party/ to quote Sam again, and the conversation turned upon a big subject, poli- tical or artistic, and Philip Forsyth came out with some of his strong and ..well expressed opinions, and the table became silent to listen, and she heard men say that he was a very clever fellow, and how eloquent he was, and how sincere, and how refreshing it was to hear a young man talk well and not be afraid to be honest and even sentimental. But this was no doubt a matter of pride on Dolly's- part, and on these occasions her sister would take the opportunity, just in a delicate way, to let it be known to the greatest gossip in the room that Mr. Forsyth was in love with Dolly, and Dolly would sing like an angel the moment .... . ' V ' ' "Jhe faxt is^ said Walter . . . addressing Swynford, "' PMWp is going with us : to Venice, I believe."' she was asked, and'the gossip in question would make an oppor- tunity to remark to his friends what a. lucky fellow Forsyth was, and so on. Both Phil and Dolly would be pleased with »xi. lima, ana BO tnat possible engagement was fostered np to the days of the proposed Venetian' trip, the making of which was to settle the one great.., question of two households, the Milbankes' and the For- syths' ; for Lady Forsyth had - opine to the. conclusion that a cheerful wife îifcë .Dolly, with an equally cheerful fortune,;,would be of all things the best for Phil, whom she loved as ardently as her somewhat frivolous and too impul- sive nature would permit. She loved him intensely while the fit was on, just as she loved her friends while they were there, with this addi tional weight m Philip's favour, that he was her son, that she was proud of him, and that all of her impassioned affection that was not absorbed in politics, society, and in those memories of the past about which she wrote so much in the magazines, was absorbed in her darling-the apple of her eye, the joy of her widowhood, 'the genius of a line of brilliant men and women/ to borrow her own words, as we have borrowed some of Sam Swynford's vocabulary. * The fact is/ said Walter, as he handed his choicest brand of cigars to Swynford and Forsyth, and he was addressing the former, 'Philip is going with us to Venice I believe.' * Lucky dog/ said Sam, ' I wish I could.' Walter didn't dream of saying, ' Nobody asked you, my boy,' but in a sidewink at Phil he allowed the artist to understand that such was the case, and that for his own part, even setting aside the question of Dolly, he would prefer the cultured society of Phil to the more vulgar if more genial companionship of Sam. * Too busy making money just now/ said Sam, ' to get away even for a day.' He said this as cheerily as if he had not absolutely lost half the ten thousand we have already heard about. A true speculator, Sam, no whining, no despond- ency over losses, jxist the same keen firm- grip, of things whether he lost or won, just the same look- ing forward to the big fortune he meant to win, with the exception that losses were a sort of tonic to him. * The city is very lively just now ? ' said Walter interrogatively, addressing Sam. ' Tes, and will be livelier yet/ said Sam. A tremendous company boom on-the Ameri cans call everything a boom. Everybody with a fine flourishing business making thousands a month wants to share their profits with th1? .. public/said Walter. 'Quite so/said Sam. ' Traders, manufacturers, brewers, miners, have suddenly become philantro pists/ 'No other desire than to endow the general public with twenty-five per cent for capital for which a niggardly Government will only give two and a half.' . Punch couldn't put the situation better/ said Swynford, laughing, 'unless, perhaps, it added that the Peerage, the Army and Navy, and the House of Commons had joined in the benevolent scheme as directors, with a unanimity of belief in joint stock enterprises that made guineapigging a positive virtue.' Philip drank his wine, stretched his legs, and looked into the fire, feeling himself entirely out of the conversation. * You don't speculate, Forsyth ?' said Walter, turning to Philip. i < I do, indeed, very much/ replied Philip, f Do you, though ?' said Sam. 'Not in the city/ the artist replied ; 'but in many ways and about many things/ ' Ah, yes/ said "Walter ; ' but you have not to pay for your fancies/ I 'It don't matter, for example, remarked Sam, 'whether -your futures come off or not ; but in the city, whether you bull or bear futures, the j reSixlts are matters of the highest banking im- portance, eh, Walter ?' ' Yes/ said Walter, examining his cigar as if he loved it. Walter was a luxurious smoker ; he literally fondled , his cigars. !* It is a good thing we are not all in the same line of business/ remarked Philip. 'But I am not so sure that speculations which do not in- volve the passing of money are not perhaps in some respects nearly as important as dealings in stocks/ 'More so/said Sam. 'It s a vulgar business, dealing in stocks, but it has its fun, and if you are lucky it enables a fellow to help the other I chaps who speculate about art, and the future, 1' and all that sort of thing. We are rare hands in I the city at buying pictures and books, and doing I the right thing by art and intellect, don't you I know ? There ain't an atom of pride in the city, 1 and we are always deuced glad for one of you I intellectual swells to come up and see us/ I 'Yes, that's true/ said Walter. 'They even I treat nie well ; but I confess I generally drop in I upon city friends at lunch time-and don't they lunch ! And what snug taverns ! Busy clubs ! And there are gangs now-North gangs, Roths- child gangs, Nitrate gangs, South African mining gangs; seems to me men operate in syndicates now, is it not so, Swynford ?' i Walter was warming again I to Ms city subject, and Swyn i ford beamed on him grate ' fully. 'Tes, don't know that they might almost be called con- spiracies. I can tell you, a fellow who has to fight for his own hand as I do is lucky if he comes out with his hair on, But the public is so confiding. The rigging of companies' shares, before and after allot- ment, would give thimble rigging odds, and win easy.' ' Tou don't seem to approve of the city, Mr. Swynford,' said Philip. ' Oh, yes I do, bless you ! . it's a game. I don't know that it is much worse than the law, with all respect to our host, it is honester than politics, and you can get a deuce of a lot of fun for your money.' 'It beats the law there, Walter rejoined, fondling his cigar. 'But Art) I fancy has its mirthful side, eh, Forsyth ? well let us say its rosy side, if mirthful is too flippant.' ' Art is a cap and bells un- der a cassock,' said Phil, ad- dressing himself to the fire. 'And the city's a pleasant fellow, with a flower in his buttonhole and a swindling prospectus in his pocket,' said Swynford with a hearty laugh. ' Swynford wouldn't like to hear anyone else attack the old lady of Threadneedle street in that fashion,' said Walter, addressing Philip ; 'but let us drop that vener- able nonentity-she must be deaf with the recent financial booms-Venice is more in our way, is it not, Forsyth ?' 'I daresay Mr. Swynford gets quite as much pleasure out of the city as we do this side Temple Bar, and I am quite sure he would find as much real enj oyment in Venice as we shall. ' Don't think, my dear Mr. Swynford, that I imagine my profession is a more noble one than yours. On reflection, and notwith- standing what I said a little while since, I am inclined to think trade, business, finance, have the best of it. I some- times wonder if painting and acting and writing novels and plays, and indeed if all the other fielcls'of art are not the mere play grounds of men who think they are tilling a splendid soil, and after all do not succeed in providing mankind with either food or raiment; they are not pro- ducers who keep the world going, they grow no corn, dig up no coal, make no iron, weave no cloth ; they are after all nothing but-' 'Producers of the salt of life" said Walter. ' It is the artists and craftsmen who make life worth living. What is the moneyed man's highest ambition ? To surround himself first with their work and then with the artists themselves ! which brings us back to the Venetian qxiestion. Those old fellows of the great Republic: they knew how to combine trade with art, how to glorify money, how to make it and how to spend it. Is it settled, Forsyth, that you are to be one of our little party ? We go next month. Our plan at present is not to stop until we get to Milan ; then on to Verona ; next to Venice ; stay there six or eight weeks, and after a run through the Lakes, return via Switzei'land and Paris. Is it true that you have taken a studio in Venice ?' 'I have had one offered to me. I should like to go ; indeed, it is one of the dreams of my life that I would like to realise.' ' You have a good many dreams, you fellows ?who paint,' replied Swynford. ' Yes,' said Phil, his mind running on the face in his sketch, ' any fellow might be excused for dreaming over such, cigars as Milbanke's, not to mention his claret. What a capital dinner you have given us. But your cook is a treasure.' Philip felt he must make an effort to get away from his picture. His work always took strong hold of his imagination, hut ' Tragedy' seemed to he taking full and entire possession of him; he began to wish he had never seen the woman at the opera. Shall we join the ladies, ' Milbanke?' ' By all means. Shall I tell them yow will join us in our Italian holiday ?' « Yes, I think so.' * Bull or bear in that stock ?' said Sam Swyn- ford to himself as the three left the room. ' I suppose he will take the pool ; just my luck.' Mr. Swynford was a stockbroker, and he looked it. There was a certain city go and swagger in his manner which gave confidence to his cus- tomers, and made Sam welcome both in artistic society and among his city friends. He was breezy and alive with animal spirits, dressed well, wore a flower in his buttonhole summer and winter, was always groomed ' up to the nines,' as some of the most slangy of his acquaintancef described the polish of his boots, his waxed mous tache, his close-cropped hair, and his well brushec coats. He was what would be termed a young man with a fair complexion, and accordingly 01 that account Mrs. Milbanke was inclined to thinl that Philip Forsyth had the best chance in th< competition for Dolly, because in love like doe; not like like, but its opposite. Sam was o medium height, inclined to be what is called stotrt was broad of shoulder, his hands of a generou typ 3, and he had a fat cheery laugh. He wor tight coats, a showy watch chain, and carried ! big silver- mounted stick. On the present occasion his dress clothes wer in the height of fashion-silk facings, silk collai ' 1 ' ¡ |! 'It was a blissful time for? Phil while it lasted.' and white vest, . with a single small gem in the way of a stud for his immaculate shirt front. His ~ somewhat florid cheeks shone with health, his gray eyes sparkled with his host's wine. He had no peculiarities of manner, but was a type of a fairly bred young Englishmen, in a big way of business, perfectly at home with himself except when he was near Dolly Norcott, with whom he . was over head and ears in love ; and without, as he feared, the remotest chance of ever winning even her esteem, he yet thought of the possibility of making a heap of money for her, whenever he entered upon a more than ordinary large hazard either as a bull or a bear. He had never dared to propose to Dolly, because she had more than once given him to understand that any familiarity of that kind would be fatal to their friendship ; that she was not for him in any other capacity than one of friendship ; that as a friend she liked him better than any other of her brother in-law's guests, and she hoped he would not com- pel her to ask Walter not to invite him any more to Westbury Lodge. Although this had been said more or less jestingly, Sam knew that for the time being Dolly meant it ; but he had a lurking hope that in the course of the chapter of accidents he might have a chance. Possibly his city experiences encouraged him to think of his pros- pects in this way, because he had so often seen the unexpected happen on the Stock Exchange, and he did not see, why the doctrine of chances which affected his operations there should not also influence his speculations in regard to Dolly, the one line of matrimonial stock which he desired to inscribe in his book of options. Somehow, however, on this night of his latest little dinner at Westbury Lodge he had misgivings as to his prospects in that quarter ; but he made it a rule to appear cheerful and happy under all circum- stances, so he sailed into the drawing-room after Philip and Walter, with the smile of apparent confidence and vinconcern. There was just enough of the decorative craze of the day in the arrangement of the Milbanke drawing-room to give it an air of modern prettiness, but not so much as to destroy the sense of comfort, which is often sacrificed to artistic show. It was neither a harmony in yellow nor a symphony in pink ; it was not an inspiration from Japan, nor a copy of a Chippen- dale idea adapted to parquette flooring and Queen Anne windows ; there had been no paragraphs in the Society papers about it; probably neither Mr. Whistler nor Mr. Menpes had ever seen it, and if they had they would most likely have condemned it. Nevertheless you felt that the decorator had worked at it with artistic feeling, and that the hostess had supplemented his labours with ideas beyond the reach of art. There was a copper kettle singing on an old hob-grate, a cluster of candelabra on the mantel, a sconce or two of gas on the walls, a dozen or so fine examples, of Cox, Hallswelle, Herkomer and Corot on the walls, a cabinet of Venetian glass, a many legged table with a Crown Derby coffee service upon it, and a dainty liquor case ; the floor was covered with Persian rugs ; there was drawn up before the fir« a big much-cushioned seat ; and the general tone of the room was yellow, but whether it was the yellow of warm light or the yellow of curtains and walls one did not think of enquiring, thougl one might wonder about all this afterwards reflecting on the pretty, comfortable, unusua kind of room it was. Mrs; Milbaiike was seated at a pretty tea table, lighted with a pretty copper lamp. Dolly was half buried in an easy chair with the last new book in her. lap. Swynford hoped she was enjoying her literature. She looked up with a mischievous smile, and said she was, though she must confess it was full of sadness, not to say horrors. Stepniak's 'Russia under the Czars/ she continued, this time turning her blue eyes towards Philip, who, of course, became immediately interested. Her sister had suggested the book as a desirable one to have lying about since they had seen the sketch on Philip's easel, and they had driven down to Mudie's for it be- fore going home after they had left the studio that very afternoon. It had not taken Dolly half an hour, the half hour after dinner, to get at the tone of the work, and to know just enough to let Philip see that she was interested in the sub- jects which interested him. ' Yes/ he replied, sitting down by her side, ' it is a painful subject, though one might be forgiven for expecting to find something noble in pages inscribed with such a title-but there is in the re- cord of its martyrdoms/ There was something fateful in Philip's ap- pearance and manner ; he was pale, his black hair was dishevelled, it fell in a great shock over his forehead, his long hands were particularly white, and there was a poetic melancholy in the expres- sion of his sallow face that suggested much thought and work. All this made him interesting in Dolly's estimation, and she was also taken by the air of distinction which seemed to belong to those student-like characteristics which were so opposite to the happy professional air of her brother-in-law, and to the smug city cheerfulness . of Samuel Swynford, of Lombard-street. ' I have always been deeply concerned in regard to the fate of political prisoners in Russia/ con- tinued Phillip, ' and just now I am thinking of little else. I suppose there is a touch of selfish- ness in this increased devotion, because I am putting my feelings and my imagination into commission as it were ; I hope they will assist me to carry off the Gold Medal/ ' Oh, that is the secret of the sketch we saw this afternoon ?' said Mrs. Milbanke. ' You for- got to tell ns ; or perhaps it is a secret/ ' Forsyth thought he would not spoil a good subject for conversation this evening/ chimed in the host. ' Yes, my dear, I will have a cup of tea ; don't approve of tea as a rule, ' but to-night we'll merry be, as the song says, eh, Swynford ?' Walter did not quite know what he was saying ; not that he had too much wine, but his wife had been making signs at him, and he tried to hide his non- understanding of them under a ripple of talle. 'A good old song/ he went on ; ' I remem- ber my father singing it when I was a boy at a birthday-yes, my dear, Mr. Swynford will take a cup of tea, and by the way, Swynford, you are a judge of water colours. I would like to show you a little portfolio I bought last week-a collection of landscapes and figures-two little Turners, half a dozen David Cox's, a Caldecott, and a couple of sketches by Landseer ; here it is, my boy/ And Walter, having suddenly caught the mean- ing of his wife's nod, had led Sam to the furthest end of the room, away from Philip and Dolly, and was soon deep in the mysteries of the port- folio in question, getting Sam's ideas of its value, not only artistically but financially, together with his views of the present inflated state of the _. ? _ ii i ii _±. ímjiivy luttirjitíii mux owitu' mal- ters of current interest. Meanwhile Philip responded to Dolly's sympathetic inqui- ries about prison life in Bus sia, the high-handed charac- ter of what was termed ad ministi*ative arrest, and what he intended to convey in that sketch, in which the woman's face was so remarkable as to have set Jenny talking of nothing else ever since they had seen it. Philip rode his hobby gracefully, with elo- quence and with knowledge, and paused more than once to note how beautiful Dolly was, and what a happy con- trast were her red lips, her bright genial eyes and warm 1 healthful flesh, compared with the woman of the opera, ' the ghost of Madame Lapukin/ as Dick Chetwynd had styled her. Presently Jenny had drawn her chair near the two young people, to hear Philip's story \ of this woman at the opera and his desire to have her as \ a model for the face of his V\ medal picture ; and by and \ bye she led the conversation up to their trip to Italy and the poetic loveliness of Venice, j where she assured him he / would find a model in every j woman of the people whom he met. She had only been to Venice once, and then only for a week, and she thought she had seen more beautiful women during those seven days than ever she had seen in her life before. Philip in reply could not resist the suggestion that it was not necessary to go to Venice to look for beauty; and if he accompanied them he. should ask the favour of putting Dolly into a Venetian picture, for so far as he was any judge of the peculiarities of. the Venetian face he thought Dolly herself pos- sessed that curl of the lip and that sunshine in the hair which was supposed to be thorouffhlv Venetian. UHUJ. V Uglily ¥ CJUC I/lelilí. Without seeming to say it, the clever little matchmaker let Philip also understand that Dolly was also blessed with a certain golden sunshine in the Three per cents., which his mother, Lady Forsyth, thought an important item in the charms of marriageable young ladies. It is difficult to fathom the thoughts of man, and to say whether the best of God's creatures is mercenary or not, whether the most virtuous may not be influenced now and then by the worst passions. So far as the narrator of this history is concerned, he is inclined to think Philip did , not note the worldly hint of Mrs. Milbanke, or, if he did, that it had no influence with him, i though the hostess more than once, made some . passing reference to the responsibilities of i marriage being so greatly lessened if there was money on both sides ; or if there was money on one side and genius on the other, quite in a more or less inconsequential way, getting in a refer ¡ ence to an artist whom they both knew who was very clever but still could not sell his pictures, and what an important thing it was in art for a man to be more or less independent of dealers, so that he could afford to follow the bent of his genius or his inclination, and do the work he liked best; and so on-an eloquent rush of worldly wisdom, most useful in regard to young people about to contract a marriage, and especially to a couple of young people, the bride pretty, with money and social position, and the bridegroom an artist, also with social position, a little money, perhaps, and no end of genius and ability, if he could only paint what he wished and be independent of the Academy and of dealers; and somehow Philip found himself, before he quite knew where he was, discussing these delicate matters, as if he or Dolly, or both, were concerned in them. And once, Dolly's hand being near Philip's he laid his upon hers, and she, not withdrawing it, he pressed the fair hand, and was very sensible of its soft pliability. The gentle pressure that responded to his, when he ventured a little further and took Dolly's hand fairly within his own, set his heart beating, and he forgot every- thing except Dolly and his mother's praises of her. It came into his mind that it would please his mother very much if he married Dolly, and that she waa very beautiful, had golden hair, a sweet voice, and cheerful manners, and that sometimes Fate met one half way, as it were, and sometimes clapped one on the shoulder un- awares, and that after all it would be a pleasant Fate to be entitled to take Dolly to one's arms, and have her for a lifelong companion. While Walter Milbanke was fooling Samuel Swynford, it was as good as settled that his hopes were to be utterly crushed. Why, therefore, prolong the description of this evening one moment more than is necessary to acquaint the reader with the main incident of the night? Swynford felt uncomfortable, and said he must go earlier than he had intended; he spoke of some important business he had in the city next morning at ten, and took a cheerful leave of Westbury Lodge two hours before Philip; and long before that favoured young gentleman said ' Good-night,' he had been alone with Dolly for three parts of that time, both Walter and his wife having business in another corner of their pretty house ; Mrs. Milbanke to see the children put to bed (though they had been in bed for hours), and Walter to answer a couple of letters which had come in by the last post. It was a blissful time for Philip while it lasted; a dream of a new and unex- pected kind of happiness ;. a dream in which hands clasped hands, and lips touched lips; a dream in which a soft, sweet, blush- ing girl confessed that she loved him ; a dream in which he believed he loved her better than anything or anybody in all the world. And so it was settled that a fortnight later Philip Forsyth should ac- company the Milbankes on a tour through France, Italy, and Switzerland, with a long vacation in Venice, and that during their wanderings they should settle the month in which Philip should make Dolly his wife. ' Man pro- poses.' 