[?] Under False Colours. V By K.H.B. lN-BlY»lHerrALMEKTS. — n. Hall an hour passed, and she beard a light qnick footstep in the corridor, the door opened, and Leslie Oapel entered the room, radiant, : ""smiling, and beautiful, and, throwing her : . . arms aronnd Beryl's neok, hissed her as if they : -were quite old friends.' "There!" she exclaimed. "I am not; generally so guBhing, but I am very glad it's all settled. Beryl— I must oall you 1 Beryl'— I have a plan I want to unfold to you, bat yon mnst promise to agree to' everything 1 propose. There — sit down. Yon are as pale aa a ghost, lira. Piers warned mo not to startle yon. But I quite forgot." "I am quite well. Let me know your , plan." "Well, Mrs Piers tells me you have reoeived aa answer from the lady you wrote to." "Yes, hero it is." Beryl handed a letter to her, the old, sad, dull loos in her eyes replac ing the brighter expression that hope had hiongbt into them a few momenta before. The letter was very Bhort, merely stating that lire. Stanley reqnested Miss Danvers to call npon her at her earliest oonvenienco. " What do you intend to do ?" inquired LesKe. " I suppose I mnst go and call upon Mrs. Stanley directly we get to London," answered Beryl. " Mrs. Piers is going to take me with her when she'goes on Thursday, to give me the ehanoe of getting this situation. But, when Mrs. Stanley Bees my miserable oondition and hears my ohnrohyard oough, I don't think Bhe will engage me as a governess." " Well, by adopting ray plan you need not go to London at all ; yon will simply have to rest and enjoy yonrsalf daring the whole wintor. Do yon agree?" " Oh, yes, yes," replied the girl exoitedly — " anything for rest !" "I want yon to change plaoes with me," .Said Leslie.. " X want yon to.be Misa Oapel of the Priory, to live there as its mistreBB with Mrs. Dalton for yourohaperon, to do exaotly as yon like in everything, while I take yourplaoe bb governess to Mrs. Stanley's ohildren. You need rest and quiet, and I need oooupation. XetuB try it for a few months, and see how the change suits us both." . . . . Beryl Danvers bent forward, her eyes bright, ' her oheekB flushed, trembling with exoitement, wondering what bad happened — if this girl were a fairy, an angel, or only a human being. , Bhe could not speak ; bnt she held ont both her hands in mute gratitudo, and the tears osme .... into Leslie's eyes. " You promised," she said, taking Beryl'a hands in hers. "Yon will not break yonr word F" "Oh, Miss Oapel, yon are too good tome ! What am I to you?" " Only a friend, but a true one, I hope. And please don't call me Miss Capel. My name is Leslie." And so the arrangement was made. Leslie was to go np to London 'to see Mrs/Stanley the next day — to " have her oharaoter taken," as she expressed it, and from the moment of that interview she would became Beryl Danvers, and Beryl Danvers would be Leslie Oapel. Leslie had been two months in London a nursery-governess to Mrs. Stanley's two little hoys, and she began to think that, after all, the lot of a governess was not a very hard odb. Mrs. Stanley had grown quite fond of her, and always preferred her sooioty to that of Mis< Kelson, her own companion, when she wanted some one to talk to and amuse her. Hugh and Charley, Leslie's two' charges, gave her very little trouble. They were both so fond of her that »hey would obey her slightest wish. "My Btep-sons return to-day," annonnoed Mrs. S'anley one morning, watching Leslie's face rather curiously aB she made the announce ment. Leslie evinced no surprise, though she had not heard before that Mrs. Stanley had any step- sons. . "Indeed? Do you expeot them early?" "They are sure to he home in time for dinner. They come from Oxford," said Mrs. Stanley, becoming confidential. " Claude, the elder, is a captain in the Guards. Ha has boen spending a few days at Oxford, and will return \- with Jaok, who is studying at the University." Leslie suppressed a yawn. She felt little interest in theBe two yonng men. Thoy were not likely to he mnoh in her way- She saw very little of tho master of the house, who generally shut himself up in the library all day and appeared only at meal-times. Captain Olande and his brother Jaok arrived daring the afternoon. Leslie just oaught sight of them sb she was passing through the hall, hnt did not observe thorn particularly. They both saw her. Captain Stanley looked sur prised, hut said nothing. His brother, however, was at once deeply interested in her. " By Jove, what a pretty girl ! I wonder who she is?" he exclaimed. "I suppose some new favourite of the mater's. Ah, how do you do, MissKehon ?" as that very charming young lady emerged from Mrs. Stanley's bondoir. " Can you toll me who is that very charming yonng lady stayiog with Mrs. Stanley ?" "iBnpposoyou must mean Miss Danvers, the boys' governess," replied Miss Nelson, who was very jealous of Leslie, and did not like to hear of her being admired. "Oh, the governess! What a soil!" and Jaok Stanley Baid no more about her. It was hia brother who first spoke.of tho new governess to Mrs. Stanley. "So yon have engaged a governess for Hugh and Charley ?" he observed oarelesaly, leaning Mb broad shoulders against the mautel- . shelf. " Yes ; she has been here about two months. : Hike her very mnoh, though I oonsider her too yonng for a governess. ' "And too pretty, I should think, from a glimpse I oaught of her." "She is exceedingly pretty, and has most fascinating ways ; but that' will do no harm here. I know yon and Jaok are not mere schoolboys, to lose your heads over overy pretty faoeybusee." "No, not exaotly," said Captain Stanley with a rather Bcornfnl laugh, " especially ... when that faco belongs to auursery- goveruoss." ' ' Captain Stanley was about 26 years of sge. He was tall, and would have- been rather good- looking, had it not been' for the haughty ex pression which entirely spoilt his face and made o people call him conceited. - Jaok. was Ms junior byabouttwo years— a handsome yonng fellow who imagined Mmself tobe irrealetiblo, and could not talk to a pretty girl for half an hoar 'withont trying to flirt. "These two brothers, : totally different in oharaoter, were yet ,-thorougMy agreed on ono point. They firmly believed, that it would be almost impossible to find a girl good enough for eithor of them to marry. "We shall seo what they think of Miss Danvers a week henoo," thought Mrs. Stauloy. "I shall certainly ask her to join us at dinner to- night." Bnt when Leslie was invited, shepleadoda headaohe, and said she would rather remain in the schoolroom. Feeling rather otsriono, Jaok Stanley looked into the sohoolroom on his way down to dinner. "I need not wait for an introduction," ho thought, " she is only a governess." He opened the door softly, and stood foe a moment on the threshold, unable to disaern anything, for the room was in darkness exoopt for the firelight ; but the sweot olear tones of a girl's voice fell upon his oars. "Well, Jaok had just steppod insido the ; room," the new governess was saying, and the young man'a eve a growing ncoustomod to the darkness, he distinguished the littlo group by the fire. Leslie was lying baok in an arm-ohair with Hugh on her knee, and Oharioy was kneeling . on the floor with his elbows on her lap, ana < both children wero looking np into hor fuoo „ . .with intense eagerness. She was evidently V, telling them a story. A slight noise in the ' ' ' direouou of the door made her start and pause in her nsrrativo. '.'There is some one at the door, Chorloy 1 ' the said. " Go and boo who it is. Charley sprang. up, ancl aok came' 'forward' intoihe firelight.' | " Don't let me interrupt the story, '.' .ho skid. " X em soijry I mads a noise ; I wag beooming ' deeply interested." .' " "Why, it's Jaok!" exolalmed Hugh pud Charley. ; ' : ! " I thought yon knew that," returned Jack. " You were talkingabont me, weren't yon, Miss Danvers?" ' ; "Oh, no," replied Leslie, Bmtling ironi cally; " tho hero of my story . was 'only Jaok the Giant- Killer !" "Do go on, Miss Danvers !" pleaded Hugh eagerly. "Yes, do go on!" eohoed Jaok Stanley, who wanted an opportunity for studying her face. " Where did I get to P" asked LeBlie. " Jaok had jost got inside the room in the castle," prompted Charlie. "Exaotly," said Jaok. "Here he is, you see, Charlie ; I just oame in at the right time. Now, Kiss Danvers, what comoa next, please?" " He walked across tho room," said Leslie, inventing another ending to the talo, "'and stumbled awkwardly over: the foot. of the giant, who was lying asleep in front of the fire. The giant awoko with a start, and, seeing Jaek Btsnding shivering -.with fright before Mm, asked him what he wanted in his house. Jaok, instead of answering, began to look abont wildly for some door by wMoh to osoape. ' Do yon not know," asked the giant, ' that it is exceedingly rude to intrude into other people's rooms with out an invitation ? Jaok did not answer, but Ms teeth ohatrered with fright. However, the giant was very good- natnred. 'Perhaps, little boy, they don't teaoh manners in yonr sohool?' he said. 'Please, air, 1 don't go to school," gasped Jaok, beginning to ory. ' Then the sooner you do go, the better for you,' ob- servcd.tho giant,' and,, rising to his immense height, be took np Jaok as you would a kitten, between Ms finger and thumb, and, opening the window, dropped bim out into the garden beneath. There — don't you think he was very justly punished for Ms impertinenoe ?" Leslie spoke to the little boys; hut Jaok Stanley had the sense to see that tho end of the story was invented for hia benefit, and felt deoidedly ill at easo. There was a dead silence after Leslie ocased speaking ; then Hugh re marked meditatingly — " There is no big giant to take up our Jaok and throw him ont of tho window, is there ?" "You have some rather late, Mr. Stanley, if von wish to talk to Hugh' and Charley," said' Leslie; " it is just their bedtime." " May I oome and see them to-morrow ?" he asked qnite humbly. " I dare say they wonld he very pleased if yon would oome and play with them," replied Leslie carelessly. " Idon't know what to make of her," thought Jaok Stanley, as he Bauntered down the oorri- dor. " She is quite different ' from what I ox- peoted. She has a most bewitching faoe, and a way of looking at a fellow by wMoh one oan't help Boeing what she means. I know she thought it awful impudenoe on my part going in there. I rather wish I hadn't gone." . so ee ooktinued to-morrow. 