.U -E. A story. a tory a sto:.!'ory. cried:the boys s ther 'tntii"ed iawiiy afroni )tlic bagate]lle btilble ifter Zavin;; liaiisliad 1. very keen gamine; aiii ialy surrounded their grandfather's chair . , " Yethl , lia't yof iwh?ei '1yoni p'athi I bi i (' ;gi li,"'i1)0(1d., litile Alft the yoiiigest of tiieaboist leraius :group :.. '" V ¢'Welbm' lo.y ' anaidt th. oialý ii.an, .aiyiag asiued lis, ioliiisapo??, takinii off; hisa spectaicles, and liftifigA lfried in to his knee, J dan' t;t:hiiak 1 hlav i:gat a nw ?: ;story ,to tellyon ofiala y'?b",b av da(?'. ion klnow them 'all;, B?t I'll tell voii o'ai if ? li?? ii '"tlii hiafi'apiiped to. ntcwhen 1it' ias a- t youg lman-jiist la? little while after: irandmioticth: anid I were ,namrraaela nid; ibefoikroeMother anad f ithe Were lrt' if' hl'WT!it :i. oana tinic}.(ago il'ii as n .ine,.a inr( o than lilf ihifidiaed yiears agia! id Aait wiasQl a Clrisitmas :1'e, te', T i. bIviC r..tly eager expetan niy.oai their. bright,: hai p facesry d ieio theiri chairs ir i semicirele round thehesIthl tairireil the fire .'till") it' iia'med' anid crackled' & all haiin g settled tliemii selrescoodfortqblyv the old mii blic'in ]!'ifty timo nears 'o this oinery .ai ,ht -was, drai?L?-lover, a 'ieloa stly tch of;cointrvi an the. soth of ,?eotlhamd S t i d.iinshtbileia f:i foiric , g ii ei1r of tumeed' iiianfiinies, and lmfiia only: recently been poieOited: to the situatioi of coininercial tr velle? I wis not icquainted Wiith the disitrict I asi ih? That, howevir uasiif inatteu.of little iliportiance, for I hid iani er jicrienced draver wivth ine and though, ihe uight 'wasndark, anal tbac sajomi al. falliin heavilv; nofear of: am .ap; ,rossed my mind. I ias wm'melli p; It tod friom' the stor'mif il hts ho mi aA a good one ,ýind -kept myiself 'cheery by thinking of the warm room and the plintiful supper to which wo vere 'b'owling along.' ' . SBetween eight and nine o'clock, at iiight; whien the storm was really, becomniiig serious` and the diepth of:the snow was bcginuing ?to fatigue the liorse', e reached the inn; and .you may be sure that. we did not lose:time in getting;under corer. As. I told you, I. had 'not been ini that l part of the cointry before, adiid my feelinig, when I alighted a? the ifi. door, was that I would not inind if I never returned. The nn:, :a ri,n, ; gaunt,:: square. building, w?ithout ornamentation ~ of and kind, stood alone on the roadside. .heic .surrounding country; was -bleak anid'b~d;,oiot a hous':;was to.be! sden yfvhlirci, niothing but a level plain of snow. A single dead tree, with two or three stumpyv blasted branches, stood lear the door: At one time; probably* that hree alid "beiin a bea uty of the place, and a nrateful shade in the sunmmer d ays when tired, thirsty travellers stopped to rest and refreshli tlhemselves:- -'.l.ni; a pot of brown foaming ale lhadl been ,luiffed'.:under that tree, I trow. ) J3ut in.i its? .lory lie?? -; delparted4; it woull' epulse, not attract `'sguest; 7'or, as :3ou' hliv:e,. noticed: boliys;, or some 'dayii ill 'iotice, ther are fe things .more desolate-lool Mi:Lthnll a dead, withered tree. Iaid I beein the landlord of the inn I should have cut down that tree, for it made one think of 'hl:iged suicides swaying in the breeze or murderers' skeletons clank ing iin their chains.; for, as you well know fromiii yodliur history looks, in days gone by, criminals were often hung,in chains'on a tiree indi left there till they. bcsu'nie skeletons; s?linetinies frightening the very lives out of the. superstititi.oi couniitiy folk as the bones clattered and the chains clinked os stormy nights. 1 mention this tree so particularly .because it was the most dreary feature of a terribly rdirarv landsiape. The init did not dispel this look of desolation. It rather increased it, 1 think.; for outwardly, it had an :ip pe!rance. ofi ;at discomforit, and disrepir.' lowever. 1 was only too glad to get under its roof, and once there, I found that the inside of the inn was umuch better than the outside led one to imaine. 'Trie,,. there .werde lonag, dark; wil indilig passages-?-ifli'linaunts ghosts, and the rooms were low-roofed aud old- fashioned, just the sort of place you read of as being the sienes. of horrid and imorstcrous crimes, miurders. robberies, kidnappings, and so on. mBut once [ was seated at a stealnuig 'supper,'iii a iic o 'ensv roomi with heary cuIrtains, 1 forgot all about these dreary things, for I had an appetite, I can tell you. 1 had just colmmenced supper when I heard uunderneath the window the muffled sound of wheels. running over the snow,t and the ;inet mbmeint I heard a :ifauihslr voice greeting the l:ndlord iin the' bar-parlour.: The voice was that of a brother commenr cial,' numed Maclitren from Ediinburghl.: I "alnud I we'o greFitfriends wlihen we met. together on the rouad ; several times .we, hi d ileasant ' evenings together in these dull country hotels. hlnurryinug ilonig :thre ipassage,.'. I heartily welcomied him, and in a very short time we were both seated at the supper-table, eating as only' hungry young men can eat.' " Ever been this way before '-" sked Miac:uarn, as lie cut sevrcral mighty slices froni' the! suiioklitig Chiistmis pudding which the buxom la:udlailvy hiad prepared for her Christmas. Eve guests. "'Never," lreplied. 'ilI[ae you?" '" No;' niidl ivould'imt break my heart :f 1 never passed this way again. \W?hat a ulready, God-forsaken stretch of hand it is, to be. sure. .When ' landed at the door to-niglit: thought this the dreariest, most 'eil-idokinum inn I ever saw, and there was a rush through miy mind of recollections' of creepy stories of belated travellers, and haunted ifns,' and imysteriods` muiders aiind I felhtliat if there had been another hotel further on I should have kept on my.wary.: 3uiththis bright lire and famous supper dispel all, such dismal iiimagiiiugs. Have sonme more of this pudding?" ,., . "'l'{liaks'; whatevr the hotel i e, in aplpearance' it provides excellenit fare," I said, passing my plato. A, .tap .caime;to the door, :aifid the lind!ord inltrodncing'lihlf of his boly into the rooni, icniuired, with efflusive politeniess, it hi luat"lhouir wed wiislid to b.e called. isit-?Sorniis"g?': nd theli r:ithldrew. icolsing the door softly, as only iuliCkeepers anid waiters can. " Wqpit. a lill:!itius lookiIng follkir," said;'iny fit. ' ['s i keeping' with his establishnent, of i? trith. "mrith;that , patch- over : his eve; :hiS haien fiace, square jnw, aid furrowned b rowheis a-nideal 'illain, thin'se?iy hlittu re,.of.; cii excoietmit. If talit .felhow:' hIo.nest ,then 'Ntiure has beni icrul'in Igiiii i such i- h ph) sog "Ah ;well!"" rcplicd, ho lhe hait hli..t - nii, bhe keeps a1 colifior tble. lionse, iau ti rst-rat,'eook. r'\i atic r hullping (f pudding, pljdseis ~'f r A,,d: si we di.mi,,ised our, liust s forluiddiigs counteni:'ff;. m t?0 tia nu ininids; ii u *ndrmciig out(rchiifis to thd pipes we shent a :ierry cerening. togetheri hem, takiiig ot-iaiidi?c iice threided our way hl.,oi the uniodi:; to iuous : :fiusages'3 tth bedroEomii :ie we050 tii cpcpy_ " ' ilt wasns a r-ioo1 ivith ?d;wo badF ?nil. : our ri.espective piiortinaiitenus ?uhd beeii cnairied thithl - aid pil ieil'd iitlthefoot ceinhr beds-. ,. , i lfall c , ered. Ias Ilacedat arraneineig itt AsAI 'spo fpouimted toji door ie lle w iiinstwhich mn. bedL :stoIl.:Thie". d0?bL.,jappre tl " 0ined'i ntohi i diimimi onian ',Ve may loek our.hedm-o door-but tiho kno c?v atsoiithe other side of that door Is it'locked ". ':r 'i the t~?kuy is ists thu dour, I¢ riphied, wIi+l thrust a lead pencil into the keyhole. " ?rellou .know,' said ;Maclaren, "since I:entered thisinni Lonifellowv s lines haie bien runniing in nmy head A kind ;of Hohgoblin Hall, , Now soiewhat fallen to'decaye;W 'With-weither- stains upon the wall, And stdirways worn, and crazy doors, And creaking and uneven floors.: -This is a regular Hobgoblin Fall," :he continued, in 'a bntering tone, " nid ,that mnsterous door, opening ,right by y.our bed, niakes ine feel quite eus- picious. I would not sleep oni that bed for a pension." . And .why .not," I. asked, begin 'nlii to feeli sominewhat uncomfortable. "Ill tell yo why.li Long ao. I read a story that: haunmted nme for ceks,i aid oftenhinhdebme lie hiuaking i'bed' o niglits.' It wiis," hli said. in the low, impressive voice` he :hiid assumed about a lonely inn like that door. When a travellcr. supposed,.to hive a la nreinounistof money or valuables'arrived at the inn;, the land lord drugged his wiine," and in the middle of the night, when the doomed, man was- in a ;heavy Tslumber,i the wretch' wotld usifastcr asecretf door which opened in the wa.ll of. the bed room near the, head of the sleeping man, jiist as that one does, aid smother hi. :--'Th.'hojieh stole k whait -mionei,1iid vahtuables he could fiul, aid threw the bodyj into a deep,\riivcr near the inn. Now, isi't' this a coincidence-the lonely couittry : the ghostly hotel,, the scounldrellv host, and the door at tli; bed-head? If ay l!?man is fit for sileh a deed,, our laiidlord is, or his face belies himf? I tell you again, I would not on any consideration, sleep in that bed." ' , (To be Coloniled.) . 