BAPTISMAL BEGBNEBATION. The Council of Trent, speaking of infants newly born,sayB that PrigiUid sin from Adam has need to be expiated by the layer of regeneration, for tfle obtain ing life everlasting: or perhaps more a- tinctly, " For 'by reason of this, rule of faith,, from a tradition of the.. apostles, even infants, who could .not as yet m themselves commit any sins, are for this .cause truly baptized for the remission of sins, that in them that which they have contracted by generation, may he cleansed away by . regeneration., For.unleijis a man be . born again of water and thh Holy Ghost, he cannot enter, into the kingdom of God." We never read of thip.rnle of faith in the scripture ; it is firom tradition. Baptismal regeneration is " from tradi tion." Infants are baptised for there- mission of sins. What sins ? They cannot as yet commit any. Future sins P Hoes the church teach , that? No. Does she teachi transmigration ? are they sins committed before they were born ? No; then here is a pretty sample of tradition ! It is too bad to charge the apostles with it. But they the decree, ppints to scripture. "For unless a man be born again of water," Ac. (John iii. 5.) Did the Fathers ever examine the context of this verse?. Is there a thought in the passBge of the baptism of infants for re mission of sins? Certainly not one. Examine it carefully. Is there one word even about christian baptism ? If Jesus had meant baptism, either of infants just horn, or of believers in Christ's' death and. resurrection, or forgiveness of sins through His blood, and baptism in His name, crucified, dead, and risen, how could the ruler in Israel have known a wPrd about it ? Christian Baptism had not yet been instituted. Whom shall we trust? The Fathers set befprP us baptism, as the medium biy which we are to receive the new life. Jesus sets before us His own death on the cross, and laith is the medium, if we may ..so expfpsa it. His words are, " "Whoso ever believeth in him should not perish but have eternal life." The Council will not allow water here as a figure of speech; it simply refers to that which a ruler of the Jews ought to have known of the typical meaning of water, in the law, and the prophets of Israel. "Ton can say, " he that is born of the Spirit is spirit ; " that is, the new nature is of the Spirit But you could not say, " He that is born of water is water." Could these doctors have said we are no longer flesh and bone, but water ? And that water is used as a figure of the word none can deny. "Christ .also loved the church, and gave himself for it ; that he might sanctity and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word," Ac.,(ph. V. 25.) The Fathers say, by the priestly vvashing of water in baptism ; Paul says, " the washing of water by the word." Did Peter understand that christian believers are bom again by the sacrament of baptism ? Hear what he says on this subject, " Being bom again, not of corruptible seed, but pf incorrup tible, by the Word of God which liveth and abideth for ever. And this is the word which is preached unto you." '(l Pet. i. 23.25.) Is not this remarkable, that the Council should so flatly contradict scripture on this very foundation-doctrine of their whole system? For it follows, , if this foundation is. true, there needs no other. If an infant by baptism is regenerated, then there is no need to preach the gospel to such, and no need to be born ajgain by the Wbrd of God. Let us carefully examine a little further. Not only does this canon teach baptism for fhe remission of sins, but also " that in them that which they have contracted by generation may be cleansed away by regeneration." And that if any one asserts that all that which has the true and proper nature of sin is not taken ayray, but says it is only erased, or not imputefl, let him be Anathema. And after a number of texts which are misapplied to baptism, the baptized are spoken of as " made innocent, immaculate, pqre, harmless, and beloved of God" We ask, if this were true, if baptism did all this, could Paul possibly say, "For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel ? " What gospel could be better than baptism, if there were a shadow ef truth in these Fathers' doc- trines ? They represent sin taken away ; the person innocent, immaculate,; pure, all tnat was contracted, by generation gone. And all who assert to the con trary to this, are to be anathema. The beloved John, inspired of God, denies this. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us." (1 John i. 8.) These Fathers ought have known scripture better before they deceived themselves. We would be cursed with Jehu, rather than be deceived with the .Council of Trent. They say, "There is therefore no con demnation to those who are truly buried together with Christ, by ' baptism into death," Ac. Is this ignorance, or wilful ness? Could these Fathers be so ignor ant of this glorious truth, of no condem nation now to them that are in Christ Jesus — iSO ignorant of the Epistle to the Bomans where it is found — as to apply this to water baptism ? The Synod then goes on, , and fully admits that concupiscence still remains, but it is not sin, unless we consent to it: and terther, this concupiscence -which the apostle sometimes calls sin, the holy synod declares that the Catholic Church has never understood to be called sin, as being truly and properly sin, in those born again, but because it is of sin, and inclines to sin. And if any one is of a contrary opinion, " let him be Anathema." Is not this dreadful ? The Catholic Church sets itself confessedly against the inspbed apostle, nay, against God. Their curses would rest on the apostle for having a different opinion from themselves. God says Inst is rin. They do not call it so, and add; if any one is of a contrary opinion, let him be accursed. Christ declares the contrary. He says to lust is to commit sin in the heart. (Matt. v. 28.) Pa says, "But sin taking occasion by, the commandment, wrought in. me all manner of concupiscence ; " and after full deliv erance in Christ he says, " I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then, with the mind I myself serve the law of God ; but with the flesh the law of sin." (Bom. vii. 8, 25.) The flesh in regenerate Paul, is thus called sin. The apostle John, speaking of the, regenerate surely, says, " If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth Is not' in us." 1 John i. 8.) Well, says the Holy Synod, we do not call it sin ; and ii any one does, let him he accursed. Tes, God, and Christ, and|Paul, and John, all come under the curse by this dreadful decree. And this is called " Holy Synod ! " And does not every true Christian mourn over his inward corrup tions, his evil nature so prone to commit sins-the root from which all the sins grow ? And does he not confess it to God as sin, and "abhor it ? Holy Church says, we curse him if he does. How low had Borne sunk, when she could issue a decree! They teach there is no harm in this inbred lust. Does not even common sense, or at least natural conscience, tell us that to desire to sin is sin? Is not the tree known by its fruit ? . There re mains all this, tney tell us, in the bap tized, and yet all that has the true proper nature of siu is taken away- — nature, guilt, and all. The baptized are innocent, immaculate, pure, and harmless. Could there be greater confusion, or more daring denial of the word of God ? But not only do we find the Council of Trent in utter confusion about baptism, but they seem at utter variance with the word of God as to regeneration itself, however effected. The doctrine of Trent is that whatever has been contracted by generation is cleansed away by regenera tion. And if any one asserts that all that which has . the true and . proper nature of sin is not taken.away, Ac.; let him be anathema. The idea is clearly the restoration of the original Adam-state before the fall, they " are .made innocent, pure, harmless." Now apart from the means by which this is effected, where is this the doctrine in scripture? Nay, they themselves contradict it oyer and over again. They say, " They are re newed, as the apostle says, day by day, that is by mortifying the members of their own flesh," .Had Adam to mortify his members? How would you mortify innocent, immaculate,, pure, harmless inembers ? .The apostle does indeed say to the faithful brethren in' Christ, who have this certainty, "When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory. Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate, afiection ; evil concupiscence, and covetousness which is idolatry;" (Col. iii. 4.) Can the Fathers apply all this and much more to Adam, inuocent, pure, and harmless ? And if any man says this evil in him is not sin, he de ceives himself and the truth is not in him. Ml (1 John i. 8.) The Council says this is not, properly speaking, sin: but all that is truly sin is . taken away. Therefore ! the Council of Trent deceives itself, and the truth is not!in it. Is this the infalljl . bility of Bome ? 'i. That which is born of God is not Adam restored to innocence ; but a wholly ' new nature. " That which is born of the ' flesh is flesh;, that which is bom of the Spirit is spirit." (John iii. 6.) And it | is not that evil Adam nature — call it sin or flesh, that is taken away. But in the believer " the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh; and these are contrary the one to the other." (Gal. v. 17.) ! 