ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. Frou Our Correspondent. LONDON, 20th December. A quarter of a century ago tho boo was an insect very highly thought of. It built its cells in a manner known only to students of high mathematics. Tho queen boe was especially looked up to ; the stories told of her — quite truo for all I know— were among tho " faiiy tales of science." Sho was literally ono of a thousand, and none of lior lovers lived to " kiss and toll." Tlio way in which tho lionoy was put away in tho hive would havo reflected orcdit upon a pro fessional "paokcr." Wo went to the bco for lessons instead of to tlio ant, who had been exploded by an unprofessional observer (Mr. Mark Twain). Thon all of a sudden boo worship received a dreadful blow. It was found that if an ol)3tuclc was built up against tho liivo wliilo tho bees were away thoy all banged tlicmsolvos against it when thoy camo back, and perished through lack of tho oommoncst habit of obser vation. So far from " seeing through n briok wall " bettor than the rest of us, thoy couldn't oven see tho briok wall. Such conduot might havo been instinct, but it certainly was not sagacity. Then Sir John Lubbock look up the boe, and educating it vory highly restored somo of its reputation, though for niy part I can never forget that wall. A Gorman philosopher has now discovered that beos converse — if a littlo monotonously — with one another, and carry out oommorcial proceed ings pretty much as men do. His grounds for this latter statement are as follows : — A beo having flown into his room, ho gavo it somo drops of honey. Tho bee breakfasted and flew off, but in half an hour returned with a com panion, who was similarly entortained. Pre sently the first beo came back with six friends, and when uiey had feasted, a wiiuie swuiui eaiuu iu at tlio window, and the hospitable philosopher tied. His reasoning about the parallel between .man and beo seum to me altogether faulty. When man finds honey — gold on his estato for example — ho does not call in a companion, far less half a dozen of thorn. Ho keeps tho secret to himself ; not until ho has dug out all tho. gold, except a few grains for " tho look of tho thing," docs ho converso about tho rnino, and invite his friends to form a limited company to work it. Tho new lettors of Lord Chesterfield will go somo way to exonorato him from Dr. Johnson's description of his manners and morals. There is certainly not so much of the danoing master in them, though his attitude to women is much the same. When politeness (so called) to tho sox wits apparently at its height, they were probably never so much despisod. "In com pany," writes his lordship to his godson, "evory woman is every man's superior, und must be ad dressed with flattery, whioh you .need not bo afraid of making too strong. It is not mean on your part, or pernicious to them, for it can never give them a greater opinion of their beauty or souse than they had before." This cynicism would nowadays be considered little short of brutal, but it in interesting as illustrative of the real opinions of "men and gallantry." It iu not tho limn who takes off his hat tho quickest to a woman who necessarily gives the best proof of his politeness. In tho present volume thero are some observations full of good senso and knowledge of human nature. "Never," he says, "show that contempt which very often you will have, and with reason, for any human creature, for it will never be for given ; an injury is sooner pardoned than an in sult." He might have added that an insult is sooner pardoned than a slight, for an insult may bo tho result of momentary passion, but a slight is only put upon those for whom we have an habitual contompt, and who aro well aware that it does uot arise from accident. The Chinese, as becomes a nation in which tho literati aro especially honored, have, it seems, a god of lotters. His career would appear to havo been peculiar, but in some ways characteristic enough. Ho passed through VI lives, but ouly 9 of them— exactly those allotted to tho cat— havo beon preserved, or, if they were preserved, have been recorded. It is probable therefore that he presided over Periodical Literature, and somo " numbers " oi him have been lost. Ho does not appear to havo been illustrated, which is much to be regretted. His Life and Writings, as indicated by tho Rov.'Lyoniu the Chinese Recorder (of Shanghai), have no portrait. It would have afforded great opportunities for the allegorical artist. He might havo been represented like St. George and tho Dragon, in tho act of trampling on a publishor, or receiving a rejected manuscript from an editor about to cast it into his waste paper basket or tho flames. In bis left hand he would have grasped an honorarium, not a weapon, but that which supplies tho sinews of war. (A metaphorical allusion which reminds one of the poet who, asked to immortaliso some new literary venture, commenced his composition with : — "Thus far wo have advanced without a cheque.") His right hand would, perhaps, havo held a pen very extensively advertised, "the Celestial pen; no author's inkstand completo without it." But this portrait of the Chinese deity is only imaginary. What we know of his writings is that tliey were like our Christmas numbers, being principally about ghosts. The learned gentleman to whom we are indebtod for this information is of opinion that thoy were literal ghosts, but I cannot help having a suspicion that they were the ghosts (known to sculptors) who write books to whioh other mon give thoir names. If this be so the god of literature was nn unprincipled fellow. " Tho man and g ost are mutually related," ho says; "why separate man and ghost V" This may very well mean "there is freedom of contract ; if an author can get anothor man to writo tor him, why should he not '! It's thoir business, not ours." It is possible, indeed, admits this deity, for a writer of small intelligence to get on without bucoming a ghost ; but this is only to bo done "by those who can bo submissive without deception, and are able to preserve their natural force unabated, secretly cherishing growth." Growth of what? Tlio youth of our country secretly cherish the growth of their moustaches, but beyond that suggestion fails inc. "What the deuce does he mean ? The god of literature may bo useful iu China, but ho must make himself much more intelligible) to gain devotees in this country. The Emperor William of Germany, who, for a young one, is tho tallest talker at present in Europo, and thinks tho vory moat of himself, has beon so good as to telegraph to Einin Pasha as an aoknowtedgment of his achievements "our Imperial appreciation, " and the African philan thropist has telegraphed back again that this is the greatest reward to which ho couid possibly nave iookeil torwara m this world. I daro cay it is all right, and the thing to do on both sides ; but really to the more common sense observer such sentiments are not ouly inexplicable, but seem to havo their proper place only in ono of Mr. Gilbert's comio operas. Tho moral, if any, to bo drawn from it seems to bo that Emperors aro vory well satisfied with themselves, and philanthropists with anything sent to them by Emperors. A juryman's lifo is not a happy one. If jurymen don't come when they are summoned thoy aro fined £10, if they do come they must be en grand tcnue. Their ordinary professional costume is not sufficient. The other day at Westminster a poor fellow got into serious trouble on this account. Ho bad come obedi- ently straight away from his work on receiving tho order of tho court, and as ho observed " cer tainly intended no impertinence. " He had his brush in his hand (as any artist might have had), and was in what might have passed (in tho dark) for evening olothes ; they were at all events black clothes, and yet the court was not Satisfied. "You must come in a fit state, sir, to take your seat with your fellow jurymen. If you don't do it yoursolf," eaid tho judge, "we shall mako a olean sweep of you." It was a threat and a juke in one, for tlio poor man was a sweop. Perhaps someone would liko to know how a vegetarian's gooso is made. One large beetroot, two Spanish onions, a littlo sago, pepper and salt, ouo pound of bread crumbs, three eggs and inilk. Bake in moderate oven ono hour aud a half, and turn out with apple eauco and brown gravy. Turn out what ono wonders. Such, I read, are the ingredients ; but whore is tho goose? Is it possiblo ho call bo the vege tarian ? As there are two kinds of bad paymasters, tbe ono who pays boforehund, and tho other who does not pay at ail, so it is witli tho musical critics. Not to have one's operetta noticed is very hard, but to havo it noticed, aud that tinfavoi- ably, before it has been put on tho boards, must bo still muro disagreeable. This is what Mr. Buruaud had to uomplain of iu tho case of his dramatic cantata, Pickwick; hut one cannot help thinking that his anger must have been mitigated by the unintentional humor of the apology published by tho offending journal. "Wo do not profess to ho cither hotter or worse than most newspapers, it being no uncommon failing nmoug journals to bo caught tripping. . . . It was a mistake— (i.e., tho publication of tho criticism of a play that bad novcr appeared) — which has happened on many occasions to othcrpapcrs from tlio highest downwards, and in almost ovcry soaiety. " Tho lust sontonce is a little unintelligible for though socioty talks about playH it bus uot seen it docs notcondomu them boforo thoy are aotod; hut the habit attributed to tho press at largo by this poeoant member of it — tlio ondouvor to tar it with the same stick as it itself — is really charm ing anil very significant of tlio light hand with whioh certain jouiuaiifarc now conducted. Tlio report tlint tlio Popo hna been loft £680,000 by a gentleman who had onco been a Jew, is uot yut confirmed, but if it bo so it is probably the largest windfall or godsend, accor ding as tho deceased's relatives or tlio Holy Father will term it) that hus ever been known. Perhaps tho nearest approacli to it in England was tho legacy bequeathed at tho beginning of the contury to Lady Francos Brudonoll. Tho rector of St. Martin's was sent to pray with a dying man, ono Mr. Wright, livingin St. James- street, Pimlico. A few days afterwards a soli citor callod on tho rector and told him the do- ceased had left' him £1000, £2000 to Mr. Ab bott, tho Speaker of the House of Commons, and all tho rest of Ilia property to Lady Frances Brudeuell, daughter of the Earl of Aylesbury. What is as curious as the rest of the story, tho solicitor thon seems to havo washed his hands of tho matter, and tho rector goes to lior lady ship to tell her of her good fortune. Tho house steward at Lord Aylesbury's tells him that there is now no such person aB Lady Francos Brudenell, as sho married Sir Henry Willoughby long «?, end c? course assumed hie «a». Th« lady herself declared that thero must bo some mistake, an she knew no Mr. Wright, nor to lior knowledgo had ever seen one. To thin tho rector rejoins that, as tho property is worth £30,000 a year, she had better go and sco liim now, as his coffin was not yot closed up. Sho did so, and then instantly recognised him as having boon a great annoyance to her in her youth at tho opera house, whore lie had a box next to hers. So importunate had beon his looks indeed (though ho had never spoken to her) that her family had had to change their box. Under the circumstances, however, she eeems to havo for given them, for she took tho money, and "put all her household into mourning out of re spect." How different aro the songs of old ago by poets who have liad no experience of it, from tho songs of those who have. It is difficult for mere imagination to conceive of tire matter, and tho stronger and more vivacious it is the more difficult. Tho grey head may laok tbe vigor of expression of his junior, but Iris touch is more graphic. There has been no example of this more striking than in Tennyson's (Lord Tenny son I hate to hear him called) last volume of verse. Upon the whole how good it is ; how fail- is the flower that springs from tho snows of 80 years ; but he is best of all where ho refers to his own maturity ; how conscious be is of bow things arc with him, and, alas, how thoy are liko to bo P;ut while my life's late eve endnres. Nor settles into hueless grey, he says ; and again how he extraots comfort from tho very death of desire — I have climbed to tbo snows of age, and I gaze at a field in the Past, Where I sank with the body at times in the sloughs of a low desire. But I hear no yelp of tho Beast, and the Man is quiet at last, As ho stands in tlio height of his life, with a glimpse of a height that is higher. Finally, at tho end of the volume is as beauti ful a nuno dimitlis as was ever written— a poem whioh no so-called religious verse in the languago can vie with for piety and pathos. It would not bo fair to quote more than two versea from this picture of a serene old ago waiting for the end ' Twilight and evening fell, and after that the dark ; And may there bo no sadness of farewell When I embark. For though from out our bouvno of time and place The flood may bear mo far, I hope to see my Pilot face to face When I have crossed the bar. It is impossible to mistake tho faith of the writer — the same, it seems, whioh years ago be held when he wrote In Memoriam — And He who died in Holy Land Shall reach ns out the shining hand, And take us as a single soul— but how infinitely more pathetio in its later expression. A German of the Jewish faith, after perform ing tho UBual torm of service in the German army, was preparing (his brother writes) to pass iris examination for promotion, when his colonel privately informed him he was wasting his time, as orders from head-quarters bad been received that, however brilliantly he might pass his examination, no one of the Hebrew faith was to receive a commission. Iu this country, where Hebrews receive so many " commissions " suclj an edict seems incredible ; but tlio fact is that this is no new thing in Prussia, nor even in Austria. Some years ago, when our War Office was invited to send three English officers to witness the autumn manoeuvres at Vienna, the Austrian Government struck its pen through the name of tho most distinguished of them, because it showed him to bo of Jewish extraction. There is bad news — or was thought to bo bad news— from South Africa. The baboon we are told has given up vegetarianism and " joined the carnivora " (a creature, by the bye, which when we were children used to be the great mystery of the Zoological gardens. " This way to the Carnivora," said tho placard, but wo never caw him). It is now its habit " to seize young lambs and drink their mother's milk in their stomachs," iu which luxury it had novel- before indulged. As to the miik, we know nothing about that, but there aro threo children now- lying in 1st. Thomas's Hospital who oan wituoss to the baboon not being a vegetarian. It was but a weok or two ago that ono was mot with in tho Lamboth-road, snapping and bitiug ovory- body, but persons of tender years (as 6cems natural) for choice. His conduct is described as that of a man "running amuok this i6 always caused by drink, so that it is to be foared that not only tho vegetarians but tho total abstainers havo lost a disciple. 