BELIEFS OF SAVAGES IN A FUTURE ???'-. .'?? :.' LIFE; ? ' ?'?'? According to Sir John Lnbbock, tho lowest savages are entirely devoid of , any'belicf in n future life. He says that a friend of Mr. Andrew Lang's oiice tried to explain to a native Australian the idea of a soul, but his explana tion of a, living entity without a body,, without arms or legs, or a. month to cat; could not bo realised by the savage, who very probably thought that cither] Die ''missionary's reason was leaving him, or ihat he was trying to per petrate a joke on a simple chiid of nature. The ancient Britons' at the time of the Roman conquest, however, are said to have had such u firm belief in the reality of a second existence that they readily lend their money to borrowers merely on a promise of faithful' repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appreciated by borrowers in civilised countries of the world at tho present day. The Hindoos have always had a strong belief in a spiritual life. Not long ago one of them who was cheated out of 4.0 rupees cut off his mother's head in order tliat her ghost might haunt the man who had robbed him. Some Polynesians believe tliat only the chiefs are immortal ; others more liberally minded assert that all men have souls, but tliat women have none. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, because they occasionally visit them in their, dreams.;, but of their grand- parents they say. ' It is . finished,' meaning that their existence has become forever extinct. The New Zealanders, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modern savages, have an unshakable faith in the existence of another world beyond the grave, and this belief makes them consider it a serious thing to kill anienemy and, let his spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of. shadows ; for while in that region they imagine that ho will prepare and mature is revenge, and when his old enemy comes, to die, take him at a terrible disadvantage. On tho other hand, if a iiinn cats as well as kills his enemy, they believe that there is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and flint his spirit, strength, and courage, along with his other good mid evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And this is the reason, also, why a New Zenlandcr is always, so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any chieftain who has fallen in battle. 