A Budget of Yarns WITH COSTS ON THE PROSECUTION. " Prisoner, did you kill this boy?" "I did, your Honor; I cut his throat. He shot me in the ear with a rubber sling, and-" " The prisoner is discharged, and the sheriff will give him back his knife, and tell the janitor to sharpen it for him.' THE GHOST AND THE GRIG. My son, be uniformly serious in your con versationwith strangers. It is an uncomfort able situation to be in, having uttered a merry little pleasantry, to learn, from the icy chill that congeals your heart's blood, that you are talking to that awful and human iceberg, the man who never jokes. There is only one worse thing in the world of horrors-the man who always jokes. " WITHOUT ARE DOGS." w lat stunt people ao write aoont aogs. Hear what Col. Thomas Wentworth Higgin son writes in Harper's Bazaar :-" How many of us hold to our friends with a love as inexhaustible and as inextinguishable as that which our dbg gives ns?" What rubbish is this ? It seems to me that when people become addicted to dog worship they lose their minds. The dog loves the man who feeda him. You may keep a good, well lred dog f ve years, then sell' him, and in two months his " inexhaustible love" will be so far exhausted and his "inextinguishable love " so nearly put out that the faithful creature will chase you out of his new master's orchard. A man who confesses that his love for his friends is weaker, and more selfish, and less faithful than a dog's puts a shamefully low estimate upon his friendship. I love to read the two greatest books in the world, the Bible and Shakes. peare ; neither of them says anything good about a dog. It isn't that I dislike dogs, because I don't; I like them; but there is such a tendency to dog worship in these weak, poodling times of pug and mastiff, that a man needs a good deal of wholesome corrective. What's that ? You once had a dog that- Do you suppose I am going to accept the statements of men who once had, or who now have dogs, as evidence ? You'll want to tell me about a bass you caught the next thing. I knew your dog; a long haired, beautiful, active, faithful creature he was as ever made glad the heart of a boy. He used to trample all over other people's gardens, and carried his unwelcome fleas into your neighbor's homes; he tore down climbing vines, and dug for moles and rats under the rose bushes, and when it rained on him he smelled like the pickling room of a tannery. I knew your dog. PROFESSIONAL PHILANTHROPY. "What is the charge?" asked the justice. " Well, sor," said the officer, "this man knocked the child here intil the gutter, thin kicked him all the way across the sthreet, and pbin I kem up wid 'em he was batin' him wid the tail gate of a doomp cart." " Why did you assault the child, prisoner ?" "Because he threw a stone at a poor cat." "What is your business.?" " I am a philanthropist." He got thirty days for sentiment and reflection. A VALUABLE AFFLICTION. "What swells your face up so awfully, boy " "Jumping toothache." "Dcesu't it hurt?" "Nearly kills me." "Come into my office," said the kind young dentist," and I'll care it for you in a minute." " Don't want it cured," said the boy; "want it to keep me out of school on the race days. It's mighty rough on a feller at nights, mister,. but I wouldn't take a pound note for this tooth just the same." THE HOUR OF TEMPTATION. * *Yots' can trust mai now," said the peni tent, resbiutely, " I wouldn't tell a lie to save my life." "But can you trust your self?" asked the pastor, anxiously ; " a habit of exaggeration and prevarication is " -" I can tell the truth without a str;i,'ole," in sisted the reformed man; "the season is about over, and, beside, some hound got into the store last night and stole my trout rod ; the prettiest thing you ever whipped a brook with; weighed four a half ounces, andin 1879 I landed a seabass with it that weighed " But the minister had lighted a candle and gone away to get his bell and book, ANOTHER HEARTLESS EVICTION. Not alone in suffering Ireland and bleeding Iowa does the curse of landlordism make desolate homes and aching hearts. We have just learned, from sources that cannot be doubted, that young Willoughby Kitter edge Stackblossom, who has been boarding at Mrs. Hashbacon's well known boarding h use for six weeks past, was last evening fired out of his " appartments " by the land: laly, who retained his Sunday gloves and cane, thus thrusting the unhappy tenant into the street practically naked. Mr. Stackblossom has long been one of the social lights of our city, and if his place at the suspender counter is vacant to-morrow morning it will be because the worst has come, A man can live upon worst, however, for an indefinite space of period. There is something that usually goes with worst, but we do not know how to spell it. EXECUTED WITH A PEN. Cardinal Beneath the sliding rule of men entirely great, The typewriter is greater than the sword. Oldgold-Who swored, my lord ? Cardinal The man who received the typewriter letter ; Tie printers who set up the copy; Whole words spelled in the space of one fmill m, Witn all the letters piled on top of another. Like to a Cihinese sentence standing on its head. What sense is there in thisl--"Rgw? GBops ffidwwd¶" And yet I know it means " The hor-e fell dead." In all the lexicons we use there's no such word As kbfitMa)l?$S ; yet full when I know It stands, in this man's note, for " infor mation ;" I have so learned the tangled language of the thing That all its jargon is writ plain to me; But sorely do I fear that learning it, I have made hopeless wreck of temperate speech, And lost my front pew standing in the synagogue. See, all round this line of consonants, Scarred with lost capitals, the proof reader has drawn His awful circle with the pencil blue ; Stand off; while on this correspondent's head I launch the cuss of our composing room. [The cuse.] Dog gone the billy be dog goned man of thumbs The diddledly dag goned chalky fingered loon; 'Y gum ; 'y gaul ; od rabbit; jeeminy pelt ! Gad zooks; odd boddikins; by Venus glove; By Mars his gauntlet ; by the river side; Sweet by and by, and bo oh, baby by ;"' [At this point the caitiff slowly withers away.]--Americna Paper. 