Beliefs of Uncivilised People in a EutnreLifev According io Sir John Lubbock, the lowest future life. ' He saya that a friend of Hr. Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a nativo Australian the idea of a soul.; but his explanation of a living entity! without a body, without arms or legs, or mouth to eat, could not bo realised by the savage, who very probably thought that either the mis sionary's reason waa leaving him, or that he was trying to perpetrate a joke on a simple child of nature. The ancient Britons at the time of tho Boniah conquest, however, are said to have had Buch a firm belief in the reality of a sec«nd existence that they readily sent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. This system of usury, . it is evident, would be much appre ciated by. borrowers in civilised countries of the world at the present time. The Hindoos have?'? always had a strong belief in spiritual life. 1 Sot long ago one of them who waa cheated out of 40 rupees cut off his mothers head in order that her ghost might haunt the mah. who had robbed him. Some Polynesians believe that only the chiefB are immortal ; others more, liberally minded assort th^t all men have souls, but that women have nene. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased parents aro still alive in the spiritual world, because they occa3ion tlly ; visit them in their dreams; but of their grandparents they say, " It is finished," meaning that their existence has become for ever ex tinct. The Maoris, who are perhaps the most intellectual of modem savages, have an unshak able faith in the existence of another world be yond the grave; and this belief makes them con sider it a serious thing to kill an enemy and let his spirit go out embittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows; for while in that region they imagine that ho will prepare and mature his revenge, and when his old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible disadvan tage. On the other hand, if a man oats as well as kills his enemy, they boliovo that thero is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and courage, along with his other good and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And this i» the reason, also, why a Maori ia> always so anxious tQ.eat,all by himself the body of any noted chieftain who has fallen in battle. savages are entirely devoid of beliéf in* a 