Superstition Amongst Miners. ————— DURING the resumed inquiry at Aberavery into the cause of the disaster at the Morfa Colliery, by which 87 lives were lost, some curious evidence (says the Ross Gazette) came before Mr. Cuthberton. Phillip Wil- liams and William Harding, the first two witnesses called, stated that a rumour had been circulated amongst the miners that strange sounds had been heard in the pit, and consequently a special examination was asked for. It was taken as proof that something unusual was to occur at the Morfa—a fire or an explosion. Replying to Mr. S. T. Evans, M.P., Harding said he did not know whether the noises spoken of were such as would be caused by gas. He did not think all the men had heard the sounds, but he and several others had, including William Summer, and they had created fear in tne minds of the men. About a fortnight before the explosion he was in the fourfoot, and with another man had taken a tram of rub- bish to discharge into an old heading. After emptying it they were resting, and both had gone on their knees. No word passed be- tween them, but they heard something, and looked at each other. He said sud- denly, 'What is that? There are some people walking there," and as he uttered the word a door on the upper side of them opened and, clapped against the frame. 'What in the name of goodness can that be ?' he asked ; to which his mate replied, 'I don't know.' They at once pushed the tram back. He met a man named Tom Barrass and said to him, 'Something very strange has happened there to-day,' upon which Barrass remarked, ' Well, I can't doubt it, but this sort of thing makes one believe that everything one has heard before is true.' Witness declared he had proof himself that sounds and signs occurred before the ex- plosion in the pit in 1863. By Mr. Ten- nant, solicitor for owner : They found nothing to account for the noises. By Mr. Robson, mines inspector: He thought the explosion must have occurred in No. 8 or No. 8½ heading. He had not heard that William Leyshon went down to fire a shot on the morning of the explosion, but there was a "mixture" in No. 8, and if the blowers gave off at the time that Leyshon had his lamp open to fire that shot, an explosion would be caused. Mr. Thomas Gray, manager of the mine, gave evidence as to the safety of the colliery and efficiency of the arrangements. He believed the explosion occurred in No. 8 heading. He expressed his belief that the explosion might have resulted from a damaged lamp. He had taken no special steps in consequence of the men's fear about ghosts, as this would not concern the manage- ment. 