DClije ?Story-teller. Him Last Call. ATbobBtobv. It wbb tbe«nd nf my Uatatnck seaaou at tbe comfortable little Theatre Royal lu Ouipatooe. l'bou«-i only a minor pro viuolal.Uiearte, many of our lending stars had trod IUj boards, and it was noted for its long .?spasoDB, wnloh generally ex leoded from August Bank Hollduy until tbe lattter eud of March. We bad reached tbe end ef the third week of tbe benefits, wbiob usually occupied tbe clos ing or toe bbbbou, anu eaon ui us wuo were engaged on benefit terms bad made our appeal to tbe good folk of Chlpatoue, witb tbe exception of old Mr. Wlikiue, our esteemed prompter. He had lieeu given, as was usual, tlie last nigbt of (bo season. Old Wilkins was a capital fellow, a great favourite with all tbe company, and fulfilled his not very enviable pasi tlou in a most woitby manner. Years' ago, rumour spohe of him as being a very excellentleading man and stage manager, until be met with bis accident, wbiob. compelled him to give upactiug and turn stock author and prompter at tbe Chip stoue Theatre Boyal. For bis benefit, WilbluB was producing for the first timo a new emotional arama, on wbicb lie bad been at work for some time, aDd which be anticipated selling for a good round sum. And a capital play it was, too, abounding in powerful scenes, and containing cleverly worked situations. Tbe parti played (tbe villain of tbe piece) was tbat of au exceptional scoundrel who persuades tbe heroine, tbe leading man's daughter in tbe play, to desert ber rustic lover to whom sbe is engaged to be married, and elope witb bim, afterwards treating ber most cruelly and leaving ber and ber newly-born babe to starve iu Loudon. But the laat act, after many trials and difficulties, sees ber agaiu at ber old home, where, after receiving ber broken-hearted father's forgiveness and promise to pro tect her child, sbe dies in his arms. It was the morning of tbe final re neareai 01 wio ucw H'njt a uenuuiui March morn, witb not a cloud to obscure tbe bright sun, wbich shone in all its splendour, making tbe hearts of all beat witb joy at the proapect of approaching summer after, tbe rather severe wioter we bad experienced. I was strolling leisurely down tbe tmln Btreet from my lodgings to the theatre enjoying my usual morniug cigar, when I perceived old VViIkiU6, looking very ex cited coming rapidly towards me. 'Hallo, old man,' said I, 'wliitberso fas! ; anything wroug, eb?' Recovering bis breatti, aud wiping tbe pernptruUou from his brow after his over exertion, be exclaimed, ' An, Austin, tbe very fellow I'm in search of. I've bad news for you. Wbon I reached me theatre tbis morning, I found a letter for me in the rack ; it was from Stevenson, our leading mau, who says be is very ill, scarcely able to leave bis bed, and ttiat be is afraid h? will be unable to play tbe pari to-nighl.' At this unexpected intelligence, for a moment tbere was silence between us. I was tbe first to «peak, for it meant a very great loss (or Wilkius to dad himself witbout his leading man on such short notice. ?' What is to be done,' said I, ' If Stevenson is unable to go on to-night ?' ' Tbat is just what I came to ask you. 1 would piay me pan uiysen, uui iui that accident I met witb, wbich bas left me this limp. What can you suggest T' be asked, noxiously. ' It is now eleveu o'clock,' looking at my watch ; ?' the call is not till twelve, so as we bave an hour to spars we bad better employ tbe time in visiting Stevenson and ascertaining if it Is really | impossible foi bim to pull through to night. That is. the only course I see open at present. Do you thluk that affair of bis daughter's could be tbe cause of tbis?' 'Not at all unlikely,' exclaimed Wilkins ; 'I never thought of that. Poor Stevenson ! be. bas been a broken- hearted man ever since sbe deserted bim, and now I think of it, ho plays the deserted father In my piece.' 'How came she to leave bim?' C asked. ' You know, being 'away last season, when it happened, I bave not beard the detail?.' ' It was tbe old, old story,' be ans wered. ' A tilled scoundrel,- who, wit|i his flattery aud falue vows, wou the poor girl's heart. She was a bright little crea ture,' he conti.iuid, 'of just eighteen summers, and Sievenson, poor fellow, was wrapped up iu ber heart aud soul ; he lived only iu the atmmphere sbe breathed. It was the latter [art of last season ; she had just returned from school. How she became acquainted witb this mau I scarcely know, btitpue nigbt Stevenson returned borne to find bis daughter had fled. In her room tie found a note sbe bad left injploriug forgiveness and in bis own room— think ofit, Austin — a purse of gold from tbe scoundrel ' who bad robbed bim of his daughter. Gold ! gold to pay tbe father for tbe loss of his child. I thought tbe^blow woild have j killed poor Stevenson, but we pulled him through it. Since then he hat been :a broken-hearted mau. ' Wben;we beard the sad nens, I lop- ! mediately sought him out to try aud con sole bim as best I could. Poor lelluiv, I shall never forget his words as long pa: I live. 1 Sbe was my all, Wilkins,' he said, with the tears rolling down his hairgard face ; ' my own little, bright-eyed oarlitig. 'Thank God ! ' he exclaimed, in i burst of agony, ' ber pnnr mother bas not lived tosee this day. Gone, gone,1 be moaned, plteously.' We walked on towards poor Stevenson's lodging In gloomy silence. At last I ven tured to say. ' Has anything ever been beard of her since ?' 'No, 'tis now twelve mooths sines bpr flight, and no word has ever reached ti-e broken-hearted father, who mourns her as one dead.' We arrived at theJodgings and were shown into Stevenson's room ; be looked more dead than alive. 1 never saw such au alteration in a man In bo short a time. He was a gbnst of bis former self. He raised himself In bed us we entered, and tried to smile— a faint, broken-hearted smile. ' How iB it with you this morning?' I asked. 'Better, somewhat,' be replied; 'I ttn'ok I might manege to get thiougb to ulKlit, Wilkins,' said be addressing bim ; ' you can read for me at the rehearsal this morning. I know you are anxious for the success of the piece, and I should not like to disappoint you.' Wilkins explained to bim be had a London manager coming down (o wit ness tbe production, end after ascertain ing we could do nothing for bim, and promising to call with a cab to take bim to the theatre at night, we departed for rehearsal. * * * * ' By Jove, what a bouse, Wilkius, old fellow,' I exclaimed, as I descended from ray dressing room and met him on the stage : ' you've b'aten us all.' ' Go and look at It, my boy, look at it,' be said, as be rushed and dogded in and out of tbe wings as though be waB being chevied by some imaginary foe. I walked to tbe .prompt entrance, and peered through the curtain, Tbe band wus playing loudly, but tbe Impatienoe of tbe audienoe could be beard above it. Tbe house was crammed 1 from floor to ceiling. I never spoilt) ft fu]i. Tbe stalls eeemed a maBS of shirt-fronts : circle, pit, gallery, e very AVSjlnble space wsb occupied. ' Overture, beginners, please,' eoboed fronr doorto.dogr of tbe dressing-room. ' Wilkins cbuld on beard exolalming, 'Clear, please,' up went tbe curtain, and tbe play began. The first act was over, . and ithe audi, onoe, breaking1 from the spell iwbich li«d hold them, were giving vent to their ienthqstaRm. ? The sefcond ait1 was on, and played with even more etfect ahd applause than the previous. one ; at its close the London manager came behind delighted. 'If the last aot only equals the first; two,' he exclaimed to Wilkins, ' there's n fortune in it.' Last act, ' Beginners, please,' thecail. boy was shouting, when I observed the door-keeper cautiousty approach WI1-, kins cautiously, and whisper something lu his ear. ' Great Heavens, you don't meau that?' I heard Wilkius say. ' I do, sir, every word of It, and it'a , true, as sure as my name's Bob Sober!*,' replied the man, and tbey both walked rsrddly toward» tbe stage door. I followed, and was about to enter the doorkeeper's 'ITlce, when Wilkius stopped my further progress. ' What on earth is tbe matter?' I said, ' You look as scared as If yon had seeu a ghost.' 'Ho I have seen a ghont, or what is worse to '*ne now, poor Stevenson's daughter, who has returned to ber father with her newly-born babe dead iu her arms, from exposure and starvation.' ' Dead,' I ejaculated. *'If her father Hees her now,' con tinued Wilkius, ' ray play is mined, for he will never be able to get through the ' Mr.' Wilkins,' said the call boy, now appearing* ' we are waiting to ring up.' Poor Wilkins looked as if he had just signed hie own death-warrant. ' You bad better keep the girl away -from her father till the play is finished.'' 1 said. ' Look here, Austin,' said Wilkins. his face brightening up suddenly; 'I have a plan in my mind, which, if it succeeds, will make tlie fortune of my play.' Br fore I could speak be was gone, and the curlain rose ou the last act. The final scene of the plBy had commenced and I was standing at the entrance ready to go «n, when I observed Wilkins, with poor Dtevenson's aaugnier leauiug --u bim for support, coming towards me. ' In heaven's name, why do you bring the poor girl here?' I excltimed, angrily. ' It's all right, Austin, ' said he : ' her father is on the stage aud won't see her till pile goes on,' ' Goes on ! vhat do you mean?'' 'I mean that instead of the leading lady (MisB vvehster) going on to »sk her father's forgiveness. I shall seod Steven son lo his own daughter. Nature will speak better than the best acting in the world, and it will be a grand climax to tlie play.' I tried to remonstrate with him, but, my cue being given, I had to make my entrance. Tlie scene was goins capitally, and we had now come to the closing situ ation. when the father forgives biserfing daughter, Stevenson was wotking up splendidly, the cue was given for the' daughter's entrance : Stevenson turned to embrace, not the leading lady, but bis own daughter ! The audience were spell.bound, you could have. beard a pin drop in any part of the bouse, ' Father !'' ' My child !' was ail thiit was said ; it pierced tbe audience like an elecric shock. The two were locked iu each other's embrace, and then the curtain descended on tbe finest climax I ever witnessed. But oh. the cost ! The buucss of the play was naade ; tbe andfeuoe were clamorous -in their enthusiasm to have the principals before tbe curtain. Each member of tbe company had taken their oall, and there were loud shouts for ' Stevenson ! Stevenson!' but poor Stevenson had had answered ' His Last Call.' He was dead in his daughter's arms. 