¥tovelist :: AT BERKELEY HALL; ' ' on, .. . A Talo THaf lii Told. ' . ' : . blf trestox lkb otw. , In faith, child, it was a start you gavo tno thon, standing in your wluto frock before that portrait, I am grown old, , now, and inoro norvoua than when in ... . yoorsgonc byl found my mistress gazing \- at tills aamo picturo of tlio vouns lord and 'his first wifo. Tho aiory of theso or jr paintings it wa3 I promised to toll : you' Vory willing to speak am I of thoso days in which my tnougmsstill dwell, but you must bear with an old woman's hurablo speech. To begin, thcu, tho old lord, Bir Arthur, was on his death bed whon camo \- tho lcttor from Mr, Harold in foreign lands Long ago ho had gone to Fluriua, in tho States, and married a Spanish . littlo of llltn. ' But now thia Iottcrcame, pleading with : - Sir Arthur to tnko his only child, a daughter, and caro for her in tho homo of \- . hcranccstora. Also said Mr. Harold, tlmt lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto death, eo groat was his trust til his brother that ho had made arrangements for tho \ . child to depart for Borkoloy Hall as soon . aa ho was gono from her, knowing that r ; hor undo would endeavor to tako placo ; .with hor of father and mother, BirArthur, on reading thia aa a mos- : . sago from. tho dead, was soro distressed, . and bade mo to him. . ; uMra. Wilkins," ho said, his poor voice : all tremulous like, 41 my brother, by this Mtnno awaiting mo-boyond tho known,. has . . : aont bis daughter to mo to rear, and much -t . . I fear thatX shrill not bo hero to wolcomo 'i v. . hor. So, to you I givo trusfcto mako tho . . littlo ono happy until my boq. Atthnr . \ comos homo to toko chargo of hor. " ' .y : - Thoroupoa gafo I my Bolemn promiso.to. ;-:;v : do my best, .tyfing but a'-ypung thing my- 'j : solf, just turned oftwenty-threo, nndnot . ; yot o yoar marriedr . r. . jjii, ; itrmur was tno only son, aua a . . deep gnof was it to tho old lord that ho. -.was. not. with hinr in his lust oxtromity.' .> But Mr. Arthur. had travelled away two . . v . " yelirs oooner, crazod.'"vtith tlio sorrow of- .. . . ino young wife's death, hud for all ho. \- , wroto lcgulnrly to tlio old lord ho hiado no mention of hio back-coming. . Yea, that is tho young Blr Arthur and his wifo. Stio wao tho daughtor. of a > ;r' . neighboring gcntlorann, and hdndsomo as . .' you aco, nlboit too largo for xny lilting,. . 4,A hiio-looking' woman is mistresa Kh/nboth Borkoloy,' said ovdryono. . . Bub big and strong though1 slid soomod, .'v' v - /. alio lay dead of a'cold boforo thoy. had ir- 'inarricd'four raontlis,' '. 'Xho young husband was liko ono mud \- when tho brown hciir and bluo pyes wdro covered away from him/ whoreupon his .fathor eont him to foreign oouutrics -to sook forgctf ulness. ; . .. But I .was; tolling you— an old woman rambles, lasaioy dnd it Boems but. yostor- day, Ihcso hdppdiiiiigs. Well, tlio old \- lord died and wus laid away whoroali tho . Borkeloys sleep, arid iu a fortnight or less v . 'ko littlo nicco, Ah,: but sho was fair to look, upon, .'was Miss'' Agatha \- . Borkoloy ! ;Wbcn. sho 'ant Mi tho shadow, . ; -.'ono thought sho had . lior, BpanisU' mothor's -. hair ; but wlioh sho'camo forward in the, light, thoneh it still kont.its doen tono. it soomod . .that : suroly somo of . tho cold radianco of tho moonlight in hor Southern , . country had; warmed and ineltod in hor .troasos. .. Arid though hor shining oyos . woro block as :.,inidniglit, .to'watoli lior -brows ond' iashosV-'hor-'Blchi .wfts'fair as lilies, minding mo of nothing 6d muoh as , . of tho, spotless imow thatlico ugainst1 tho . qharrod trunka in tho forest. \- Sho was fiftoon .wlioh sho .carao to mo, this pretty;. palo croaturo, but so small' that eholookod.to bo a ohild of olovon or \- twolvo, and bo pitifulin :hor blaok frook that my.hcnrt warnicd to.hor. ; so that in i'. - . - . tho yoara thrijb camo wo grow fast frionds,' r ,; C" .1 ):mor tilm :tb sistors . than: lnistrcaa.nnd . roaid j for I eorved Miss Agatha as T had ., Mistress Ivlizabeth boforo her, v AVhen.Sir Arthur had bcon notified of . >tho old lord's 'deatlinnd lus young cousiu's , , arrival to us, he wroto tliat.iisyot' ho was . not ready to return, but that Miss Agatha \- vns to have all that bofitted a Borkoloy, onjommg upouMr, Clark, his man of busi- nes8f tho caro of tliiu, and of hor govor- nosBcs and nmsturs. But when SIis.1 Agatlia, amid now ncenca, put away her griof atul became nor gny, oluldhko nolf again, olie, and sho . nlono, reigned at Berkoloy lfall. . Tho old lawyer mn doiyn from Loudon abnost weokly to bring ono governess and f x) tuko.nway another, and all bccauso Miss Agatha, would hnvo it so. Truth to toll, sweot. and lovoly as sho seoincd, alio, had Satan's own temper, and a tiino of . torror it were hero when our protty mis tross was crossod in any way. But with , ino sho wnsncvor angry. For ono reason, uiattcred not tho question, I gavo way v lor being . so littlo oldor, not well could I., tako authority, Perhaps it may havo peon as my husband— who was — eaf in thin I rnndo hot etiH moro licry aud uncovorcablo j but (iod knows I always Jbvcu my young mis- jS|lllld would not willmgty lmvo harmed Well, in soma way timo drifted by till Mm Agatha hod rulod ua four years, When, corning slowly into this pioluro gallery,', ono ovoiiiup, . I Buwjior.all . in white standing like ri ghost beforo this picturo of Sir Arthur arid MiBtreau Eliza- bolli, his wifvj asyoii stood but just now/ child. - Being uinotbenyenrs of ogo, my mistress was aliU.n child's hoigbt, slondor arid graceful.' Perhaps Z"am partial io by. gone daVB, hut! think now, as thought X then, that riovor saw I. so beautiful a woman.- Woll, sho turned toward ino that ovoning nnd called mo in her. gonllo voice : " . . . . ' "litre, Wilkiuii." : I went up to lior boforo the porlniit. ; . SWilkins,' sho said. 'Hliis is iny cousin Arthur and his wifo Yes, .Miss Agatha," I answered, wondering at tlio strunga. . tenderness in her voico, - . " Why had tlicy tho portrait made in so odd a position ?'- ' £ told, hor then, as but yesterday ! fold you,' how that : Mistress EHziiboth had a fancy for boing dono in tho pink and gray brocade slid had worn tho night fiir Arthur came a-courting, and how ho,. in his gny way, made mention that sho had best ho seated opon the' sa'rao divan, with him standing to look down ou hor, oven as ho had dono that (imq!,.. Arid 'so tho gay young things had it painted, for all tho old lord's teasing, . And' tho day it was framed arid hung, as 1 was. seated hero with my broidory, on account of it being a' cool snot, in tboy camo all smilos and happiness, to stand boforo It and pratso or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at the admiration tho artist had caught into hor husband's handaomo fnco, arid ho vowed how, not half hamlaomo enough to givo her justico, scribbling with his pencil upon Iho framo 44 Tho Eventful Moment," as I myself read when thoy woro gono. Well, all this ami -much moro I told Mips Agatha, sho questioning mo, in terested. in her protty way. X spoke to hor of his griof, how ho had sought foreign wanderings, and hor largo black eyes filled with tears. u Wilkins," sho asked slowly, 44 do you know I liko his faco t 1 lovo it ! Do you think that my cousin will over como homo ? I should try to comfort him — and 1 could do it. I could indeed, Wil kins 1" Ah, sho was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Woll, just then behind us a stop sounded, and 1 turned to boo Bir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomer, but still Bir Arthur. His oyes sprang to ineot thoso of tho woman in tho portrait, and ho stood still in a kind of spoil-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, sho turned paling to tho wiudow. aftor a climpso of his storaj sorrowful faco. Presently Sir Arthur drow a deep sigh, liko ono ronsing from a swoon, and for tho first timo scorned to boo mo. 44 How aro you, Mrs. . Wilkins ?'"hc said, in his old, hearty way. 44 And is that my littlo cousin over tlioro V At thia Miss Agatha roso from tho win dow seat and caruo; forward, putting hor slondor hand into liis strong clasp. Muob nstomcd.was Sir Arthur to find liia cousin such a woman, for ho hud thought of her only as a child, forgetting that timo had stood nob still at Borkoloy to await his coming. . In tho days that oamo I was always with them, sitting, as nocd be, at a respectful distance witn my. work ; and wellTkriow, lorig boforo Bir Arthur or tny protty lady, hcroolf, that lior heart was longing for his lovo. Ah, well, child, it was not strange. Sho had loved .him' before .alio, saw him, and now that ho had corao ho was. bonny, to look upon, arid always with iho ladies had ho a way that wna.tcudor and chival; rous.. . . Tho.old forests whore sho had wandored- nlrmn iintr Irnnvtf f wft vminrr finitmcrnmhl. lag in tho shado ; for hoiirri' thoy rodd to- gothdr, and long talks had. thoy.' Even as liispresorioo. was happiness to lior,.sp ho novor.soumdd to tiro of hor playful ways, her- -soft, slow, .swoot ' voico, hor ovi dent liking. '; KarolyTooked Sir Arthur in thoso dayo upon the portrait called <4 Tho Eventful Moment," though'ofton eumo ho' with his cousin for a romping gamoof batklodoroor graces fa tlio long gallory , ' . > . Somo months liad gono on in this way, awbMisa Agatha grow each day moro gentlo arid Bweofc'tilT'woU-nigU had wo for- tjotton hor. torriblo rages, wlion ono ovon ing oho. entorod hor room io robo for dinnor. I had loft her a moin'ont sinco 'rcnding'nlouo in tho; library, but whon l glanced- up at her I saw. sho was palo liko doaUifahahadhor wbito feoth soteruolly over hor lip. ; . You may go," sho- said . quickly, boo- . ing my look. 4( I shall attend to.my own costumo to-night.'-' . I left hor at onco,for I sawehowoa angry, nnd wondoring what. tho cause, I wandorcd in horor Thon lkuow. On. a couch, buforo. this pioluro luy Sir Arthur, his oyes fixed upon tho picturoof his hnndsomo wifo. Bo did not hoar my ..coming and oven as I stood thunder-, struok. a sliuddorintr sob shook hiin. iarid ho said aloud i- 'r 44:So booh, my Elizabeth V" . ; ; - Noisoleasly l rotrcatcd and sought my mistrcsB. If sho.- had seen und heard -aught that I liad her poor loving' hoart must bo near to breakings - ' . ..VVhon I o'ntorcd: tho room shd; wnri standing boforo th'o long mirror, unfasten ing hor Bplondid liair. As it foil. heavily besido hor pnlo; faco,' it was like heavy smcko drooping ori ri snow-clad roof. . 44 Madam," i qiieslicined, wondering at my own bravory, 44 what gown shall I inakoroadyl" ' i 44 Bid I not toll you that 1 should not noed you ?"oho answered slowly, liko ono whoso thoughts aro far away. . Without answor I took downagreon gown, moshed ovor with: whito laco, ono in whloh Sir Arthur had likoriod hor to it ocn-wavo with tho crest of fonni breaking ovor.'' . 44It is in this gown that my piaster likes best tor soo you," I vcuturod again. Ah, my -dear, I fear.I should not bo so courageous nowadays. Sho turned fiorcoly, and I thought hor angry oyco would burn through mo for an instant .: then sho cast horaolf down in a 'wild passion of tears. 44 Oh," slip criod, and hovor shall I forget . tho agonifiod voice, 14 oh, Wilkins, you know it I You liavo soon that I lovo Iiiin 1 Aud— and havo I shown hiin V in n broken whiopor, 44 No— oh, ray poor child, no 1" I raodo loving JirtBto to nay, 44 It— ho— Sir Arthur lovos his cousin,' and knows that sho loyuo him in— in that way; that is all ; bcliovo mo, that la all." , - In somo dcgrco was sho comforted, but hor griof and shame overwhelmed her for a timo, arid it was long oro I was pormit- ted to robo Iter in tho soa-wavo gown ; and thou, indeed, what with her pallor, alio was moro liko a spring snowdrop.-' For all .I could .nco, my lord was as usual at dinner— a fine gentleman ho, With his powdorcd hair and rich attira— ami do Mm Agatha, oayo that oho apokpj seldom, and thon with downcast oyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at her curiously onco or twico, but ho said naught ; only whon ho . stub finished offered his arm to lead her to tlio ' music room, I following and sitting, noar. tlio window,- as was my wont. . Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a high- hacked chair before the spinet, and then sho spoko iu ovou-o which was half a sob-: . 44 1 caro not to sing to-night." ' But my lord iiiBisted, (hough ho saw she wished to rofuao ; und pretontly her wiiito hands foil un tlio keys, and sho rau ovor the p'roludu. When tlio sweot voico caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drow his chair close and sat listening with his oyes fixed on Mica Agatha's faco. 41 1 am thinking of thee alway— with a love andrenmed before ; . l am longing for thec alway— lay this thought unto tby heart—" Suddenly her voice died away and her nervous hands craMicd discord dowu tho keys. - 41 1 cannot -sing to- night, my couBin/1 sho said, answering his startled look. uNot that bnllad, but it may. bo I. shall , do bettor with. somo other." ' Over Sir Arthur's fnco flashed a won doring expression. Thon ho said with a gaioty strango nnd now : '.. "1. cry your pardon/ cousin, but' wo must hnvo our same ballad to tho very end." 44 Not (f I cannot sing it," sho 6atd, gently. . . 44 And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound that swoot voico through all tho Btrain but a week ngo? And doos tho nightingalo forget hor notes so soon ? Tryagnin." ' And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to sing the ballad. Ami 1, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood tho trembling tones in which at last sho finished 1 — 1 When the glowing crescent cradlo gleamed that night from out the skies Then ho spoko to roe with language— be had told oo with bis eyes." As those last words died away Misa Agatha" turned slightly, with a faint auile, and mot Bir Arthur's oyco. All tho truant blood flushed into tlio whito throat and face to moct his gaze. As for him, ho had gono-quito pale, crashing tho muiio in his hund and leaning for ward. . 44 Ah, Agatha, liavo 1 indued told yon what I have ro hardly struggled to con ceal V I hoard him whisper softly. Even whilo joy for k'or filled my hoart, 1 suw hor draiv back in scorn. 41 My lord, yon forget Mistress Eliza- Ay, it was a cruel word sho spako, and forgetting mysolf In dismay, I had al most sprung toward Iter when I heard his voico onco moro. " 44 1 do, sweet Agatha, though, as scorned moro meet, I tried not to loso hor from my thoughts. But a man can not cliooso but, render up his love with those blaak oyes upon hitri,". When I porcoived from her face that not ngniri would alio scorn hor happiness, I lied away and left tho twniu, rojoiciug that it was so. Well, thoy woro married at onco, and for ull they. loved each other truly, thoy woro not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was jealous of tho portrait of Mistress. Elizabeth : sho could not brook- to soo lior husband looking oo rit hor initio picturo. Well do 1 romom- ber whon sbo mado a silk curtain and hung tho portrait 'over. . As I said just now, 'sho was. always a bit fauciful and childliko. Scarce had I, assisting her, complctod tho hanging of tho silk, when in 'oarao my lord,. When ho saw. what she had- oeen s uouc, ms urow conrraccca as tnougn somo suddon pain besot him, , and' ho quostionodl-- ; '?4 Is this woll dono, Agatha 1". . \ 44 Ay, sir," sho urisworod stoadily. It is well aono for mypeaceof mind, though not, pBrolioricb, for your deBircs," - And with' '-that slio 'ran pnst us bolii liko a -mad breaturo, and .flung horsolf sobbing on her bed. , Sir Arthur, always us forbearing as <m tho night . of thoir betrothal, suffered tho curtain to rotriain without furthorspoeoli, and shortly aftor yielded' to his wife's wish to' uavb. thoir portraits patntod,' seated, as on that ovoning in tlio, music room. . - Indeed ho rofuscd lior nothing, aud wheu sho bado him liavo a name lot into the . wood-work of tho framo ho complied with but littlo dolay, though sho would not.; toll him whoroforo sho ' wishod it-.- ' ; 44 A Fauso -in tho Muaio," aho' had chosen, and though always it sounds to mo liko a fancy picture, yet it was hor dcairo. Ono evening, whon for somo reason she sooiucd sadly low spirited, -Sir Arthur drew hor in hero for rigarao of romps; but sho wont and 'stood boforo lior own portrait, haughig beaido tho curtained oho'' Whcu- hor husband' cbwo to hor Side; sho.turncd suddenly, leaning against him. and saidsadly : | \- ; 44 All, Arthur/it was .an. unhappy mo- mont whon into tho illusion! your lifo I brought- my.V discordant. , notes. Tho; musio "puusbd— nover' .ogalh to bo . so BWOOt," v- .'V '.'.'At this,' : comprehending hor. whim of tho riatrio, Sir Arthur was sore wounded ; but ho" roproveil : hor. goritly for her idlo fiinoles, andpreBoritly oho grew' quito gay in assurances o"f Iiiu tondor lovo. ;;Bit it. was only for. tho timo.J Matters wont from bad to, worse, iarid iny'inifiircBa grow moro hard lo beat with each. day. For tho first tirab oho quarrelled witli mu, lier ever faithful maid. und hor fits of passion camo oftonor and lasted ' longer.- . Aa a rovolation did it como' to Sir 'Arthur lior. uncontrollablo tompor. Always . hnvo j boliovcd that tho poor '.child was near' distraught' for. fear, hor liuBband should lovo hotter tho dead .wifo than thu living. Often wondered I at his marvoHous patiorico with his passionato wifo, for sho would havo cauaad a pint to wax wrath, though I speak ugainab ono dead ami cono. NYcll, ono evemngi to mako a long story short, my lord' and. lady eat at tea, and if was I who sorvod thoui. Presently my mistress asked lior husband if his tea woro to his liking. Pleasantly enough ho. answered, in his joking wnyt tliat it had boon made swooter for him in days gone, by.. . 'My lord thought of his indulgent inotiicr and' his days' of boyhood, but my miotresa was in -a whitu rago dirootly. \- 44 Would to goodness tho Miatroco Elizabeth woro hero to'mako it for you !" slio cried, in hor iiisnno jehlouay, nnd ' oro ho or I saw what sho did, sho bad flung tho warm toa full in his face, J stood deprived by fear of motion, but my lord, for tho Arab timo in n long life, had lost control of his tempor. Dashing tho tea from hie face, nnd strodo to hor side, and oh, it was an evil moment in which ho did . such a cruel act 1 for in v ' lcntl timo than I tell you ini liuhud lifted tho barej pretty arm and broken it against his kneel My lady sank back fainting, mid. my lord, when ho saw mo dart tohor sido, got himself away. Woll, he eont off at onco for a surgeon, and tho arin was set. and much .was tho wondorment as to' tho brooking.' . I could only oay that I had found hor lying so'.' 4 Whon sho camo to horaolf again I was sitting by hor side, and never snail 1 for got tho anguished loulc whon sho saw tho bandaged arm aud took rumombranco of whnt had happened. Sho turned toward ino with wido- strotched oyos. , 41 You will not let him como'in, Wil kins T' 44 No, my lady," 1 promised mournfully, and presently sho slupt. . But poor Sir Arthur's remorso was dreadful to witness. 44 How can 1 ovor blnuto poor Agatha's lock of self-control,'4 ho would groan, 44 whon my sinful totnperhas led mo to so brutal an act? Do you think sho will soo ino to-morrow, Wilkins?" But though on roy kneos I pleaded with my lady ill his bohalf, sho steadfastly re fused each day to soo him. When I npoko of bis agonising rouiorso, sho interrupted 44 Wilkins, will you carry my husband a message from mo?" 14 That will I," I answered, right gladly, for motbought sho had rolcntcd of hor harshness. 44 Toll him from mo, thon," sho said, and hor voico know, no troroor, 44 that novcr in this world, or tho next, do I wish to soo his faco again." l40b, my lady," I begged, almost stunned, 41 do noc ask mo to toll him that!" . xou promised. jo i sue Baiu,comiy, and, with toars streaming from my oyes, I wont, Sir Arthur lifted toward mo, whon 1 entered to him, a faco which bad aged five years in a fortnight. 44 Woll, Wilkins ?" bo said, a faint bopo brightoning in his oyes. How I delivorod that cruel message, I know not, but prosentlv, weoping bit terly, I found mysolf back with mylady, and shivering liko ono in an aguo. No questions put my indifforont mistress, and almost, for tho time, I hated hor. Whon she could havo como from her room, but kept it, through fear of meot Ing Sir Arthur, and whon ho saw that It was oven so, ho haaded mo, ouo day, a largo onvolopo thick with contents, ask ing that I givo it unto my mistress. Sho perused tho documout coldly, and ro- placiogit, bado mocarxyit back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wifo ro- looted of her coldness. Whon I nnswored hint nay, a look of blank despair foil ovor tho handsomo faco. Ho told ino tho onvolopo contained his commission, and that ho Bhould go away on tho morrow to sorvo tho king, cooing that ho could not his wife. And ray heart bled for hiin whan ho said ho could not rido until ho had socn hor. Bo 1 mado bold to bid him follow mo to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. Whon ho ontored in I slirauk back amid tho hangings, afraid for this thing that I had dono. My lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glanco up at ' tho footfall, thinking it tuo, until, struok by tho eilonco, oho turned aud - saw. hor hus band. ; ... . u You 1" sho said, in a voico mingling fear with scorn. . ;4lYou l"- 41 1 am como to say good-bye, Agatha,", ho answered, oat to tho heart by look and- tone. Then quoth my cruel lady, with hund outstretched to the door : . 44 So bo it, faro thoo well, Sir Arthur." ' Ho turned, -.leaving hor presence, and JtIS luCO nua tilaC Ql.lllO UiU liftu, ifo father, when ho had lain dead in liis coffin. : And so nly.mistress lot him riway: with out word of forgiveness, or wifoly lovq, ovon thbugU hor heart raged in hor bosom through worship of hiin. ' But sho 'ohido mo not for, tho bringing of him 'to' her ohambcr. c , :F,or many montlis wo loci a right lonely lifo in Borkoloy Hall. .. My mastor wroto most regularly to liis harsh lady, nnd oaoh letter sho road with indifferent raion, haudirig.it thorowith to mo, that tho sor- vants might know how their master farod. : This nows carried I to tho oorvants hall, arid of tlio war, but knowing! my duty, spoko naught of tho passionato tonuorncas and pleading for forgiveness whioh flllod- liis pages./ v. : . Nover a lino of good or ill did my mis- tross pori,;kold.by hor. wicked prido. But whon tho. wintor camo on sovoro, and tho. groat house grow chill and draughty, thon did eho 'grow each day more unliico her self. Noilongor did sho "road, or aingj or rurij childliko,' .through tbo great halls. Hours uow sho passed, gazing ont at tho snow-clad forests and gray skies ; and oft- timcB at night, whon tho: gusty winds roared tlirough tho cracking- troes and whistled sharply at Xho house cornors, would I soo hor strainihg/hor oyos out through tho darkness. ;- And. on ono-such a night I found lior wbopirig:in tlio win dow soat, and I know sho poiidercd on tny lord, homeless, and battling 'not/alono with men, but with fiorconess of tho olo- niouts aud a dospairing heart. . ; It was then- 1 plubkod. up courago fo beseech my lady to wtlto and bid herhus- band'hoino again, knowiug howthaf sho had. forgiven hini long einco. -'Which aamo, aftor mueli bitter' sobbiug' on my boBom, my lady did. ; Bub for licr stub born prido now was bUo punished by n waiting long and grievous to bo borne, 'in .which wo hoard not from Sir Arthur, save rumors: of battles bard-fought, "won and lost, and of rimny . killed' arid wouudedr ; , , la tho early spring my mistress foil ill unto death,; aud after many wooks, In which it seemed that tho struggling soul must suroly uscapo tho fragilo littlo body, I robed hor onco more, and ;carriod. her down to tho great lioll whero aho llkod bcBt to bo. And I think wo both wept for vory happiuesa that oho. had not fled away during thoso months of Buffering. And now she saw that it was summer timo for tuo trees were uoavy-icavcu ana tuo gross opriing groonly, and still NUor ono thought was for tho warrior huslmnd for whom in ailonco sho had griovcd/liersolf down into tho ahadow of .dcthJT Am tho liofc s drnggcd.by V/o saw that .health was not for hor again unless, tho absontcamo. For sho grow no strongor, aud. when I lifted her from chair to couch, or carried her along tlio stairway almost it was as though I hold my own infant jn my arms. s- . Ono ovoniup, when I had cushioned hor in tho (loop window scat, with tho sashes nil thrown wido that sho might fool tho faint breezes steal across her .wan faco, sho spoko to mo of this. ' , - . 44 Wilkins, do you think ho will como quickly?" 1 And I, knowing of whorii olio thought; inado haato to nnawor j . 44 Suroly, my lady j in a f0w weoks now, at tho utlnoflt«:, 70-X /4Bat Wilkins," hor answor-came, mingled with a sob, so woak was she,, poor lamb, that scaroo could sho speak without tears, 41 but oh, Wilkins, then 1 may not bo hero I" So choked was I with tho fear that sho pako tho truth, that I could only knocl at her sido and kiss tho thin linnus. / With that sho looked at mo koonly, und reading my face drow in hor hroatli sharply onco or twice, as a person wakened anddonly from deep sloop, thon turned hor face again to watch tho stars, calm and bright abovo oarthly unrest and. gloom. Presently I eank low on tho floor, lean ing my head lightly against my miatvean, and bo wo sat far into tho star-lit night. But bethinking mysolf of licrfooblo state, I besought her to allow rao to bear lior to hor chamber, and when sho nnswored mo not, a cold foar sprang, liko a clutch-, ing hand, to my honrt, for I oaw that she had swooned. Tho noxt day my lady asked ino if I would render hor a service. 44 What would I notV'I asked, where upon quoth sho ; 41 When I am gono, do yon (ear tho silkon covering from tho portrait of my husband and Mistress' Elizaboth, and should bo como again, tell bim I bado it dono. But firmly am I persuaded that in another world ho sees my sorrow and ro- pontauco, and I mysolf will havo his lovo and pardon era many days." Nevertheless, sho said to mo, a littlo later in tho day : 44 1 am trying hard to await Ids coming, but it is so long— bo wearily long I" and again : 44 Ah, many and many a break was thoro in tho two-fold tnusio of our Hvosl Miuo woro tho discordances aud tho failures. Tell Arthur that now I havo pausca to taxo areata tor nn enmess Har mony." No, it lud not been n happy raarriago, that of my lord and my lady, and yot thoy loved each other. My lady'o Spanish blood had spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera- mont gavo him no cluo to tho wild pas sions and changing moods in tho woman ho had won. Well, my swoot mistress Agatha was sinking lowor and lower, ami all woro despairing of her lifo, whon my lord camo homo. Hiding hard ho came, mud-hc- spattorcd and travel-worn, dashing up to tno great hall door and flinging from his steou. Adown tbo stair was I coming when I saw him on tho threshold, nnd as ono paralysed I stood, nor could open my mouth for jov. But my master strodo across tho hall and up tho stair to where I halted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strongoly harsh iu that quiot houso. 44 God savo you, good Wilkins," ho said, morrily. 44 Do you mistake a man for a ghost'tbat you stand and staro? Whero bides my dear lady ?" And. then tnothinks ho must havo seen troublo in my faco, for ho graspod my arm so that it was bluo for many days, and demanded honrsoly : 44 May it pluaso you, sir," 2 said at last, 44 my riiiatrcss is very ill ; I fear thia sud den joy will kill her. Lot ma toll her you arc horo, loot— " 44 No, no 1 my sweetheart will not dio of rao !" ho cried. 44 And lovo . shall snatch her from tho very gravo 1". Hp sprang past mo and into tho oham-' ber of my mistress. I heard a wild scream, and thori rank trembling on tho stair ; for only, that day tbo doctor had said a audden shook would kill ray poor lamb/. ' / But, ah ! I need not . havo whimpered so vainly, for from tho hour of Sir Arthur's- coming Mistress- Agatha ralliod';. and whon at last sho camo down . stairs again/ her dark oyes soft and tender with happi. ncss.lior husband carried nor, not I.. In trutu. ovbn hod bo not nrurVodao thafc .swoot servioo, sho bad gro'wn mudLtoo heavy for my poor Urms. ' Theqjictureof Mistross'Elizaboth was prosontly uncovorod by my lady's 'own bands, arid in tho days . to , como often stood slio boforo it with horhnsbnnd, aa-. miring its fair beauty with novora trace of -jealousy or linger loft in hor chastened hoart. For lovo nnd oufforing had dono in hor their work. / ;; Many yoars havo ! passed 'sinoo' thon, child. , I. am an old, old worrmn, out living husband, /master, mistross, nll:'j loved. I can only wait pationtly for tlio brief dayB to end which separate my dear onos-from tho fond hoart that loved them so, and which ia faithful still. . 