[?] [?] -SffiSSSllSSIHa -HE -fVES OUSBPAfce COBBAN AT 'SSE BAREBE .CHA»PION AND , : . . ".'xriMaAUi - Aforaomo time post tbe matcb between roe Goddard and WIU Ouxran, for m puree of 100 given by die Melbnorne Athletic Club, baa furnished «n intemtipg topic of ccnvereatioa among the memberk of tee blub and the outride public. It was made at the time the Goddard and Dooiey articles were signed, the arrangement being that Cuiran was to meet the winner. To say teat the proposal created astouitement among tbe patrons of boxing is, to put it mildly— very nulaly.indeed. What Mick Dooiey thought of it can behest told in hia mm words, as follows Before the match: "Why can't they let Goddard and myself draw lots to meet Outran? " Aftertbe match: " It's just my luck 1 They might have given the loser, sot the winner, a chance to get a Int.0 There were not a few, too, wbo regarded, the whole matter as a farce. 11 Not » million to one chance " woe their summary saf Curran'e prospects. For some time ef ore tea contest there were rumors ghqgjjEaatfrSfr fvere sob altogether 44 oo But 'tiie knowing ones tooulPfchfcdeo-Bi far as Goddard, «t all. evaita jaras conceniedf Their argamenc was:— 'Cmyin (a sot enough to give tSodoard soy ""-truuble. \ If the latter tried any- achlenter wow everybody would be able to sea it in & minute. Ail ibe could do would be to lose on a fonl, and be would not be likely to do that." It got round, too, that any proposals fur on arrange- xnenl that might have been made 'had been dissipated by Goddard in- I fonmng.Curtan's friends the day brieve tbe match that the latter "would have to box all be knew that, in tbe language of the iring,.. " he would have to gee." Ths >truth ot these rumors will be known "when the committee of the club bave finished "their investigations. What wa have to deal 'with now is (be match itself, as forming & por tion of Saturday' programme. The list of events sent out by Mr Sweet at tracted a large attendance of members. The a ma tear boxing for tbe Dougbarty Trophy was shorn of all attractions owing to tbe entrants, fax one reason and another, droppiog oat. Mr Gerald Buckley, however, boxed four rounds fpork pleasing the spectators. Next came Tut Ryan and Peterson in four rounds. They gave a capital exhibition, not being afraid to give and take. At the close tbey were loudly applauded. There was an interval of a quarter of an hour. Then tbe principals came on tbe stage, for what was supposed to be the con test ot the evening. Curran had Peier Newton, Jim Hall end Jack Harnett behind him. As be aat in his chair with 'bis coat around him, be seemed ill nt ease. The Barrier Cb&mpion; was looked after by :his brother and Jack Marshall, hia trainer. .Mr W, Power was referee, and Messrs Dleecbmore and Dougbarty the timekeepers, the latter gentleman undertaking tbe ten seconds. and seconds shook .bands, then went back to their comers. Hang went tbe gong, and the two faced up for— uo bong ic ! we can't call it tbe con test. Right from tbe start it was seen that Curran had not ft ghost of a show. His weight had been returned at list Slbt that of Goddard at 12st 101b, But it i« a Query whether Curran was not many pounds lighter. Tbe latter made a very feeble attempt, never once straightening bis arms, and it took Joe all hi time to keep from hitting bis opponent. But even when it same to sparring Goddard proved tunaelf far the cleverer boxer. Once Curran made a show of countering, But Joe crossed bun, quickly caught him on the aide of the face with ft right open-handed slap, and down came Curran jprone on the stage. Two rounds and a naif were boxed, during which, had Goddard not displayed a manliness that won him many 'friends and great approbation, tbe chances are there would have Deen a funeral in which t«u uweiu waua nave pi&yea; sue principal rparL Tbe spectators began to bold their >f>reatlTfor fear Goddard might hit out. if only by accident. But Peter Newton dispelled -all fears by exercising1; his pemmnn ften se " and' throwing up the towel fan behalf of Jhi principal -ten action (fit won Peter a hearty rouuo of atplaua. There has / been considerable animadversion cost on tbe -committee, of tbe club in allowing euch a contest. But it has to be remem bered a that they .are not clairvoyants— 'and, in addition, are not able to exercise superhuman foresight. They bad nothing to rtell than lb contest would prove such a fiasco. On the contrary, Curran 's friends, 'right up to the last moment, ex- pressed themselves willing to take, iu ."fact, did take, any 4s to 1 offering on God- dsri. Curran, too, told everyone he waB very 'well— on opinion backed up by the certificate of two medical men. It was the "battle of his life, "as Will himself expressed it. If it has done nothing else, it must have impressed itself on himself forcibly that boxing matches are pot his metier. Tbe next item was furnished bv Tommy 'Williams, of Carlton, and 9. Siunott, of South Melbourne, who were matched to box to a finish under M.Q. rules, tbe winner to re ceive L25 and the loser L5. Peter Newton and Jack Barnett had charge of the Carlton lad, whilst Hunt and Smith looked after tbe Scuth Melbourne representative. The contestants' respective weights were — Williams, lOstGlb; Sinnott, 10s 1 121b. Round 1 — Immediately the gong sounded Williams rushed straight in at bis opponent. Iu rapid succession be tried for tbe head and body with the left. Both blows were well stopped. A smart left exchange, and then W lUiums slung the right hoiue on the rib«. An other left exchange, a clinch, and then Williams readied the face with tee left. Tommy again got oyer his opponent's guard, but just escaped a vicious right intended for the point of the jaw. The three minutes passed away without any damage being done. Round 2 — Both men were up quickly. Williams led off with the left uti the mouth, but was smartly countered on tbe same spot. Williams, getting in close, landed one two on tbe mouth and before getting away put tbe right in oo the body. A quick half-arm rally ensued, Sinnott mireicg an opening to introduce the right. Williams continued to got at it like steam every now and again, dashing tbe left on the face. Presently Sinnott sent across a abort choppy right on the neck. This led to a atiff two handed exchange, Williams using tbe left with ercat judgment on the mouvb. Round 3— Both came up looking like if they were going to make things bum. A left jab In tbe tnouth brought Sinnott to close quarters Some hot lefts aud rights were exchanged. Things got a little too sultry for Sinnott, and he was compelled to break ground. The Carl ton lad was on top of bim in an instant, and bong-bang went both hands on tbe nose and mouth, which showed signs of ill-usage. Sinnott, looking a little distressed, returned to the engagement, and an incessant fire for about haif a minute ended with Sinnott re ceiving a right under tbe ear, which sent him down heavily. Just before his lOtec. expired corner were called. Round 4 (and lafit).— Sinnott looked pretty fresh od coining no for this round. But Wil liams did not give bim much time to gather strength. H opened fire with a left facer. — r ... v i n cim ikuuvt. 11 ilj - log to introduce the left a second time, Wil liams left himself open, and Sinnot tvut in a good right under the ear. Sinnott then sailed in, and Williams, being eager for the fray, a ding-dong rally ensued. Both lads kept left and right going, which created great excite ment. Sinnott was countering strongly, but Inched precision with the right, whilst Williams was wing both hands with effect. Two straight lefts on the face sent Sinnott back a pace or two. Following bis mau tip Williams just manag-d to escape ft powerful right book. Tommy jumped in close, aud drove Smnott on the ropes. In at tempting Xo break away Siniiott dropped hi right hand, and lowered his shoulder. This gave Williams a clear shot for the law. He availed himself of the opening, and planting tbe right flush on the jaw. dropped Sinnoti, and burst up the liow, the South Melbourne lad failing to respond to the call of time. 