Windsor. FBOM OUR OWN COBBESPONDENT. THE MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN, I may say, ended on Tuesday, but I will not anticipate. Let me go back, then, to last Wednesday nigbt, when Mr. (you see I Mister [)im still, for the time has not yet come when he must go in training for the alder manic pannoh), Cheffins showed a pretty good orowd, as plain as could be, how the water rate could be reduced to 9d in the £, or even to 8d, if necessary. Unfortunately, he did more than that, and^ that's what cooked his bacon, tfe contrived to make enemies of. those whose friendship it was policy to secure. It was this way. Some scalliwag or other had sent him an anony mous letter, accusing Alderman Primrose of having been in a publichouse parlor^ up the town in close confab with Mr. Davies over the municipal roll; and cautioning Cheffins against the blooming Primrose-the pale "°yallery " little cuss so much afiected by the late Benjamin Disraeli. Bless me, how his tory does repeat itself! Hero we have a colonial Primrose reported to have been " got at " by another Jew. What dangerous people these descendants of Abraham are. Anyhow, it was resolved by Mr. Cheffins and his friends that said letter should not be produced at the meeting, and that the cir cumstance should be kept quiet. But for all that, tho fat got into the fire later on and in the most simple mannor too. Some one in the crowd was badgering Cheffins as . to who he'd vote for as Mayor-Mortley or Primrose? and having cleared himself of any undue partiality for the former, he let out rather decidedly that he certainly would not vote for the latter. Oh, that he had stopped there 1 but his indignation got the better of caution, and he blurted out that he had very good reason for saying so. This naturally drew the gentle Primrose out of his corner into the middle of the road with a challenge to Cheffins to state his reasons, and he, unwisely I think, produced and read the obnoxious letter. Then began a wrangle " grim and great," for the mild Primrose was gentle no longer, his language, like " Truthful James" of Stanislaus, was plain in the extreme ; and from that point until Mr. Primrose had finished his fervid harangue on Viney's balcony- to which he had been'invited-the writer of the letter, Mr. Cheffins, and, I may add, the Queen's English, had rather a bad time of it. In short, he designated the anonymous Bcribe as a scoundrel, and those who heeded such letters as " no gentlemen." His character was at stake, and the pale Primrosian blood was up to fever heat, and in glowing terms he " laid it on thick " to the crowd below extolling our good citizens in tliis'part of the world up to the skies. They were men in capable of a mean action, &c.;, &c.;, knd yet one of 'em had written an anonymous letter and sent it to another person with a view to damage his character. Then Mr. Davies stepped out on the road, and explained that though he and Mr. Primrose were together in Gough's parlor, there was a third gentle man with them in the person of Mr. W. Coonan, who had conducted a case for Mr. Primrose in the District Court, and as he (Davies) was Coonan's agent, that accounted for the three being together. Some irre verent and sceptical persons in tho crowd laughed at tho Georgian version, but Mr. Cheffins mado the amende in the most ap proved style, and finally peace reigned; though I am afraid a very severe sting was left behind, as the state of the poll revealed on Saturday afternoon; for though Mr, Primrose may not have given his vote against Cheffins, he certainly did not help him, which he could well do and might have done had .the unfortunate contretemps never occurred. That meeting was wound up by Mr. J. C. Fitzpatrick making a neat little speech in moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr. T. Masters. A very good "set off" against the anonymous letter could have been made, which would have illustrated well how absurd a man may make himself when he undertakes to soft soap people over by declaring them little less than angels. It seems that a despicable yarn had been put in circulation in Central Ward that a cer tain storekeeper, who once held the position of Council Clerk, and had for some years been one of the auditors, had offered to per form Council Clerk's duties for £45 per annum, thus effecting a saving of £80 a year. Of course the " Bunch " made good use of this, and it was openly said that if the trinity were returned, this man should have the billet. But this was not all. A requisition was left at the house of the pers m indicated £o be signed (by himself, probably, though l}e wfys not asked to do so), by a gentleman vyho called there j and ho (the storekeeper) . was told that if the trio of immaculate ones were returned, the billet he was aiming for would certainly be his. Unfortunately, he never took the trouble to disabuse people's minds, though I am quite certain he never by a single word intimated that he wanted the billet, and so the yarn became current town talk. Now it occurs to me the Bame mind lliat conceived the anonymous letter could also invent the specious yarn I have just related, and this in spite of the Prim rosian tribute to the bold, honorable, high souled men of the Hawkesbury. Anyhow, there was a big heap of .skunkincss about both transactions ; and as anonymous letters are not unusual things aboijt Windsor, those who are neither rogues nor fools can use their own brains and fix the offender with out very much trouble. Saturday was tho deciding day, aud the Thomson Square fac tion was as Dusy as bees, especially the head man, who buzzed about among the ratepay ers with his " one-hoss shay," from 8 till 8, bringing up his admirers promptly to the seratcli, so that it is safe to infer there were not many Duviesiens that did not vote; though when wo consider that not near the number voted this year that could have voted, Cheffins was decidedly thrown over, though his opponent has riot a great deal to blow about in his majority of seven over a comparatively unknown man. The state of the poll was known before 5,o'clock, and loud were the'; expressions of surprise that Alder man W.Xinsley was defeated; There had all along been. & strong Opinion that Mr. Gosper would beat. Alderman Smith in North Ward, and Davies .polish off Cheffins in South Ward, but that a man like J. T. Gosper should beat Billy Lmsley nobody could believe. Yet he did it, and we must put it down to two things-Mr. Lmsley s too easy-goibg disposition in not canvassing, and the utterly demoralised condition of the ratepayers of the Ward. Alderman Smith s victory over Mr. Gosper was a big knock to the clever one, and he was heard to say that it were better to leave both himself and J. T. Gosper out than that W. G. should be beaten by Smith. Anyhow, the victory of Alderman Smith in Isoith Ward is the redeeming feature in the_ election for though many of his old friends went against him, the good sense of the majority prevailed, for they saw that Alderman Smith had been probably the best Alderman the ward ever had. Mr. Smith has his failings, as other men have, _ but in Municipal matters he has served his fellow townsmen "well. In point of capacity he lias no superior in the Council, and_ on the water question he has been straight all along-and I am personally glad to know , the borough will have the advantages of his services for another three years at least. Let me give you the state of the poll on Saturday night-which was not altered at the declaration on Monday. North Ward : J T Smith 68, W. Gosper 51 ; Central Ward : J. T. Gosper 87, W. F. Linsley 70; South Ward : G. L. A. Davies 56, F. For svth-Cheffins 49. Auditors : T. Lobb, 218 ; D. G. Gallaher, 184; W. 0. Gambnll, 180. Lobb.'Imay mention, was the nominee of the Davies faction ; he polled highest in North and Central Ward and was equal with Gam . brill in South Ward-where m y friend Gerald was where the cow's tail is supposed to hang ; he was equal to Gambrill in Cen tral Ward and '27 ahead of him in North Ward. Thus Gambrill, after many years of unpaid service, is shunted to make room for another man-against whom as a man, nothing can be said. Mr. Linsley.having been defeated and it was his " turn " to be Mayor, fresh complications arose and it was thought that it would be a wise thing for Alderman Mortley to hold the Chair for a fourth year. Alderman Primrose-who by the bye, is always a candidate for the Chair- seemed to make cocksure of it. Then Aid. Smith was spoken of, and also Aid. Ward, and lastly, the irrepressible G L.A. Neither Smith nor Ward cared for it, if Mortley would consent to stand, and this "left Primrose without a ghost of a show, and up to Tuesday night the only op position seemed to be from the incorrupt ible one, and on that night there was very little from him. It is true he made some objection to the way the Mayor asked the Council to confirm the minutes ; but that gentleman was up to snuff, and after listen ing to he saturnine one's objection, repeated his usual formula and the minutes were confirmed. Then came the election of Mayor and Aid. T. J. Smith proposed that Aid. Mortley be Mayor, and Aid. R. Dun stan seconded. The new man for South Ward did say straight that ho was opposed to Aid. Mortley, and that he did not believe in having a man shoved down his throat that ho did not approve of. Aid. Mortley. is a little man and 'tother one has a big 'mouth, so it is hoped that no attempt will be made to swaliow the Mayor during the present year, and also, that no one will be mean enougn to ram him down the junior South Wardian's throat. Aid. Primrose was not in an amiable mood, and spit out his spleen, like a Thomas cat, across the table at another Alderman who simply ad vised him, when he (Primrose) said Aid. Mortley " was the worst Mayor Windsor ever had and had done more harm to the borough," to nominate somebody else. Some low language was indulged in and Aid. Smith grossly insulted by a man who ought to know better-what was said I' won't repeat, for pity sake, Anyhow, the Mayor, with his usual promptitude, put the question and, practically, it was carried without opposition, for there was no amend ment, no divsion and the names of the Ald ermen voting were not taken down-though I will just tell you how they stood: For the motion, Aldermen Smith, Dunstan, Fitz patrick, Mar and Ward; against-Alder men Primrose, Gosper and Davies. Aid. Mortley made a temperate little speech, in returning thanks, and then promptly closed the meeting. So ended the first meeting of the new Municipal year, and the "new party " didn't score half a one. THE WEATHER SINCfe THE FLOOD . has been splendid. Warm, no doubt-at times a bit muggy, but on the »whqle good. On Tuesday afternoon a storm came up from the southward and the rain tumbled down for about an hour in fine tropical style-rso much so that one could, with a faint stretch of imagination, fancy himself in the Straits of Sunda, groping along to wards Batavia. It was certainly a splendid rain-just what was required to cleanse the mud left by tiie flood from the grass and lucerne paddocks. Another heavy shower fell later on towards midnight. There has been no rain like it,fnv many months, cer tainly not during the recent floods. It did not reach Richmond in the afternoon, how ever, and people who attended the FUNERAL OF THE LATE ANDREW TOWN were surprised to see the state of the roads as they returned to Windsor. Yes, the late Squire of Hobartville was inferred in the family vault in Richmond churchyard on Tuesday, the body having arrived from Sydney by special train about noon. It was fcfte largest funeral remembered in the dis trict, much larger than his mother's some few years ago. Mr. Town was a native of Richmond, and when a boy in the year '45, went to school in Windsor kept by the Rev. Mr. Adams. Among bis schoolfellows were Aldermen Smith and Dunstan of Windsor, and many of our most prominent local men. Mr, Town, like his'mother, was a most hos pitable, opeu-lianded, large-hearted man, and no one will miss him more than the poor and needy, for no one in actual want was ever sent away empty-handed from Andrew Town's door. He was a good citi zen, a. mild and unobtrustye man, an affec tionate husband and father, and an indul gent master, and if such men as he do not go to heaven, the question's, who do go there? One thing is certain-no man was more respected among the sporting community, and no one more trusted. He is gone, and may we who have to go some day hope that he rests in peace, somewhere away from the hot, oxciting, engrossing sport of which he was one of the mainstays. THE ANNUAL GENE RAX, MEETING OF THE H. B. SOCIETY. is not always a big thing, I have known it to take place year after year, as quietly as a Quaker's meeting is supposed to do. Everything was cut and dried ; resolutions carefully written out, and handed to certain members ; names of officers and committee men selected, and never an objection antici pated. Tho attendance would consist of some 80 persons, and the whole thing would be over in an hour. Buta change has come over the proceedings-and for the better. It had been the practice for years to appoint one particular medical man, although there have always been two in the town, and two or three in Eichmoud : and when one doctor would have Windsor, some how or other, he would include in his practice the Hawkes bury asylum, which has been used by succes sive doctors as a sort ot private hospital, where they could lodge their patients and get them well nursed and attended to, in the matter of food and medicine for £1 . a week-the doctor, of course, putting in his little bill when the patient was discharged. This matter was thoroughly oxposed some years ago in a local newspaper, aud, since then the Committee have charged " paying " patients £2 a week-the doctor still making his own charge. This of course, was a very good thing for the doctor, but a very bad thing for the Society for they lost monoy by it-not only at a pound a week, but at twice that amount. Last year, owing to the ex ertions of some new blooded member. Dr Callaghan was elected-his predcessor, Dr. Gibson, having succeded Dr. Hozier as a matter of course. Yet strange to say, Dr. Gibson was still allowed to have private patients, though Dr. Callaghan had been debarred from using the hospital-and when elected laBt years stipulated for nothing moro than his bare £40 a year. This year the fossilized party had made up their minds to get what they had lost back again, and Dr. Callaghan's kick out was looked upon as certain. Hence there was a good muster of subscribers, and among them some six or seven ladies. There was very nearly a complete capsize at the commencement, for some outrageous subscriber had the hardihood to proposo the Hon. W. Walker as president, instead of Mr. J. B. Johnstone, sen., J.P.-who iB now CIOBC up ninety years of age. For a while Babel was1 let ioose, and the old chap was moved out of the chair in order that Mr. R. Diok might oc cupy it. Then somebody moved an amend ment that Mr. Johnstono be President, and after that gentleman had eased off his pent up wrath a bit, and Mr. Walker had spoken, the amendment was put, and Mr. Johnstone was elected by a majority of 2 only-84-82. Mr. Walker was then unani mously elected Vice-President. The next trouble was the election of honorary Secre tary, and Mr. W. H. Dean was ' proposed; and after a terrible lot of talking-during which Mr, S. T. Greenwell, ,the old Secre tary, withdrew Jfrom the contest. Mr. Dean was elected-and if " go " is wanted Mr. Dean is^full of it, and will keep things going in a lively style. For the treasure ship, Mr. D. Holland, J.P., was nominated; and argument waxed loud again. Mr. Beard, for 20 years treasurer, didn't like it, and though he and oratory are stranger, lie said'something, looked spiteful, and then sat down. Mr. Beard offered to retire but they wouldn't have it, and the vote cooked Daniel for he got but seven-while Mr. Beard got 'em by dozen. So much for popularity. The Committee were all proposed in the room-and although favourable to the bal lot in political elections I must Bay the practice followed at the H. B. Society's meeting is best for any society meeting and I wish our School of Arts annual meet ings were conducted the same way, and £ bet the results would be different. I will give you the names of those nominated and the number of votes, so that it may be seen how the thing went. Messrs. B. Conlan, 58; S; T. Greenwell, 52; fj. Gough, 45 ; G. S. Yeo, 44 ; J. Fleming, 42 ; J. Ben nett, 41; 0. Parker, 41 ; J. T. Gosper, 89 ; J. Bowlin, 80; J. Gallaway, 88 ; D. Holl and, 80. As eight only had to be -'elected the last three named were out of it. Mr. C. S. Guest was also nominated but with drew. Two bankers-Messrs. . Hole and Norton were elected auditors. Now came the big trouble-the election. of surgeon. But before this took place, t.li^ question of " paying " patients waB t}i> r aghly thrashed out, and all sorts of arguments were used for and against-the principal disputants being Messrs. Lott, Dean, Julm Bennett, Pat Butler, jun., D. Holland, Bob Forrester, W. Walker and Andrew Turnbull. Dr. Gibson and Callaghan both had something to say, and finally Dr. Gibson offered to give his services to the asylum for nothing, and Dr. Callaghan following suit. Still, the old party were obstinate, "The laws were: that they must elect a surgeon annually" said the President. " But tho Act does not say we may not elect two if we like," said Mr, A. Turnbull. "Burn your Act of Parliament," said Mr. Dean, " Let us use some common sense in this matter. This is not a hospital, but a benevolent asylum, and here are two gentlemen offering tJleiV services gratis ; let us as sensible men ac cept their ofler," at which there was loud cheers. The Rev. Dr. Cameron poured oil on troubled waters m a very sensible speech -in which he took much the sauie view as Mr. Dean.. He thought it was the best thing to do; it would, he believed establish peace among thorn, and do away with the unseemly rivalry every year between two medical gentlemen. The Rev. gentlemen' was applauded, and though the President and Mr. Walker still held out against this terrible innovation the subscribers generally, were in favour, and upon being put by the Chairman, the motion that Dr. Callaghan and Dr. Gibson be honorary surgeons to. the institution, was curried with loud applause. The salary of £100 per annum was yoted to T.e Superintendant, and £20 to the Matron; Then a letter from the Rev. B. Eeen'an was dealt with, and this involved more disoussion. Mr. Keenan is going to enlarge his promises on the land he has leased from the Society, and wants a reduction in rent-wliilo the subscribers decline to give-only 8 being in favour. Collectors were elected without discussion. Votes of thanks accorded to one another, and the meeting ended some time after 5 o'clock. I took a stroll through the wards with another ink slinger and the Superintendant, and found things much the same as of yore ; an improvement here and there, though it occured to me that the old people's quarters did not look as nice as when Mr. Howley was super-the docks looked as if they required holy-stoning. The hospital wards, were very nice, clean, cheerful and comfortable. I noticed more assistants about--both male and female than tliero used to be-perhaps this accounts for the deficit of £62 in the income this year -though I have- heard that the present Superintendant, 3ir.. Webber, lia3 been in strumental in saving a lot of money by some new reforms he has introduced. If the old place is to be a benevolent asylum merely, I certainly fail to see what there can bo for so large a staff. The building is quite large enough for both asylum and hospital, and now they have settled the doctor question amicably, there is no earthly reason why a hospital can not berun to pay. It is very desirable to have ahospital in Windsor, and the patients at a distance could be brought here in order that medical attendance would be handy. Then let a charge be fixed for lodging and attendance, and what ever the cost of living let the patient be charged accordingly. Patients in the past have consumed more than they paid for stimulants alone. By all means let us have a hospital, but on no ac count should the Society be expected to keep well to do patients in luxuries for a guinea a week. BIB. DANIEL HOLLAND, J .P. 1 like many another man who enters upon a job he knows nothing about, makes a queer hash, up of his liter:production in your last issue-and not only so, but he signally fails to make me out a fibber. It is quite clear that Mr. Holland's s letter was written not so rriuch to prove me an unreliable scribe as to inform your readers that for six years consecutively he had been elected treasurer of the School of Arts;-and, of course, with out opposition, which may be considered by someas^proof 'of the' esteem in which he is held by the members ; though others may take a very different view of the matter. It is clear that when a man is not opposed in an election lie will go in; and I am not aware that Mr. Holland ihas been opposed on any occasion since he defeated Mr. Beard six years ago by a majority of one. I think. Thus it is quite permissible for me or' any one else, to think that had Mr. Hol land met with any opposition he would not have held his position as Treasurer for six ' consecutive years. Let me point out that Mr. Holland has not quoted me correctly -though it may be that in his innocence as to the use of inverted commas, he has j placed certain words within quotation marks as mine when they are simply his own iri lerence. Perhaps Mr. Holland will be good enough to refer to my weekly letter of Jan uary 25th and he will have to use glasses of an exceedingly high magnifying power to find the remark he ascribes to me in his letter of the :81st Jan uary. As to Mri Hollands attention having been drawn to my item, I may say at once that it is all flam, because Mr. Holland, like all membors-'of the School of Arts, needs no, asking to peruse the 2Y?wps,'but goe'e into it bald-headed,.so' to speak,'as soon as. he sees. it on the table of the Reading Boom. Now, sir, having shown what a careless man Mr. Holland is in his - criticism of polite litera ture, let me assure both you and him, that I lrnve nothing to withdraw or retract-all; that I wrote in myr scrawl of "the; 25th Jan uary I am prepared.'to repeat, either in yqur colutnns or in any public place in Mr. Holland's hearing. But before-I have done kindly allow me to prove to your readers that it is Mr. Holland who has a bad mem ory and not yo'iit Windsor scribe. He says he " did-not know'that'Mr. Piddington was nominated as Treasurer uutil after I had asked him to stand as ,president on the Mon day of.the 13th instant"'' 'The italics are mine, and perhaps Mic. Holland will explain the moaning of the sentence.. Now,. Mr. Mortley nominated Mr. Piddington as Treas urer on the 11th Janutiry, and ,tiiafcnomina» tioh . was posted; up:, in the j proper, plaice, the same e'venfng as received, as any member, other than Mr. Holland", will bear me out in ; and op tho same day,; Mr, Towers nom inated Mr. Piddington aa Treasurer, and on tho following ; day 1 believe, Mr.. Holland had a conversation with Mr. Towers and explained to him that Mr. Pit1 ding ten would not contest the office of Treasurer, and yet Mr. Holland insists on trying to humbug people into believing his little fairy tale. The fact is: this, only for myself Mr. Holland would not have been nominated at all; he asked me to perform that office for him on the afternoon oftho 13th January. I did not do so, but induced another l^oaiben to ri-, what was-ncossfia^, - Mind you, I can pro w every word I have stated--but enough, I cannot afford more time upon such carping critics as Mr. Holland. I should not, as it is, have devoted so much space to him, only the repu tation of your correspondent is fit stake and his good name sho.uld "be as dear to you as the Times itself-for with :untruthful correspondents no newspaper is safe;. I may g bit rought at times, but yon shall always , d me reliable, anyway, Mr. Holland never knew mo otherwise, 