LITERATURE. MISCELLANEOUS REVIEWS. The Ring of Amasih. A Romance. By the Earl of Lytton. Macmillan & Co. In liis preface Lord Lytton tells us that this is a reproduction of a tale he wrote Some twenty-six years ago, and long since out of print in England. From America, however, where cheap reprints are in circulation, have come occasional enquiries as to the origin and purpose of the story, and, taste for this particular kind of fiction being more prevalent to-day, the author has completely rewritten and recast it. The opportunity lias been taken to ■divest it of its former fictitious German origin, and to work out the tale with a completeness lacked in its first telling. The guiding idea appears to be to illustrate a natural solution of a psycho logical problem, andb o account in some logical way for the appearance of ghosts and spectres. Of the various kinds of supposed " manifestations," the recurring apparition is the one selected as the sub ject of the romance. A young doctor—, through whom the author tells the story —has made a speciality of the subject, and ■evolves a'fairly natural theory to account for' the 'phenomenon of the recurrence of speGtres-to. guilty minds. He contends that the mind, under the influence of passion, before actually .committing a crime has long dwelt upon its ideal perpetration—in-thought he has perpe trated it a hundred times, its impress is on his mind.' The opportunity comes, he acts,' and thenceforward a mind long used to idealising action is unable at times to distinguish the idea from the action. ■ Li the idea the recollection that ■comes to his brain he sees the actual deed—to the man it is the crime itself. From the'-doctor's- psychological point of view there'is a flaw in this illustration. Ho says that " manifestations" are rarely experienced by more than one person, and then only where there is a mental associa tion common to the participants. That the hand and ring should have been visible to both bride and bridegroom at the wedding is in accordance with the doctor's theory, for both their minds were dwelling on the form of the brother who should have been there. But surely there w.'is nothing in the mind of the doctor, a stranger and a passive spectator, when he was conscious of " the hand" at the gaming table. As a novel the tale is one of thrilling interest, the reader is a captive from cover to cover, and its length is just that at which the thrill can be maintained at its height throughout.: In Conrad Roseneck, the hero, a character lias been conceived whose failings were born , of his . strength, whose intellect wrought fatalism, and whose noble self imposed unselfishness wrought hiB ruin. 'There is here a moral and food for reflec tion which will remain when the wonder ful and, mystical circumstances of the story have faded from the reader's mind. Artistically the book is great. The —finding of the ring by Conrad when the .son .of the desert appears so mysteriously at his side to interpret its superscription is the touch of a master hand. It is simply told, yet its power of description, though seeming to touch so lightly, compels the scene to appear with wonderful vivid ness. The gem of the book is in those "Six Pages from the Journal of Count Roseneck(an unacted drama)" where the unfortunate Count unfolds his sorrow, liis struggles, and liis resolve; there is a dramatic- power and force of language that carries one away. Those terse, pitiless, lashing sentences are a wonder fully eloquent conception of noble and ■complete self-obliteration, doomed to fail, alas, for the fatalist mind was unable to withstand' the temptation which passion urged when the legend of the papyrus appeared to be repeating itself. In it he saw the hand of fate. A Memory of Edward Thrivg. By John Huntley Skrine. Macmilian a :1 •Co., London. A well-executed sketch of one whose life's aim it was to reform the principles of teaching and management of public schools will be-welcomed by all the teaching profession. Qf absorbing in terest, fob, to the many hundreds who passed ^ ■ through Uppingham during Thring's long head mastership of thirty four years. Long and intimate per sonal relations with the subject are not ■ as ') < rule the . best qualifications where personal bias. should be rigidly •excluded, and personal associations with EdwArd Thring could not fail to dispose the author to draw a flattering picture. Yet, in "A Memory," pei° sonal regard has neither inter fered with Mr. Skrine's skill as a delineator of character nor prevented his giving us anything beyond a due appreciation of his associate's ster ling worth and nobility of character. The first chapters, though clever and thoughtful, are perhaps too analytical and , too minute in their dissections, however necessary. An illustrative incident or two thrown in here and there would have served equally well to place the reader in possession of the working springs that impelled and the mind that guided one of our greatest and most successful school reformers; one who worked through life against heavy odds,, and whose sturdy fight 1ms left its mark on public, school management. How many of us will feel our hearts warm towards him when we learn that it was his " effort to teach every boy, stupid or not, instead of seeking delusive j credit by 'expending all the pains on gifted prizewinnersthe object of his life to' "roll away from the country the reproach of unregarded youth" and to stay "that sad waste of boy life." Though somewhat ultra-careful and cor rect in style (a professional virtue) Mr. Skrine's sketch is excellent reading. The pathos and tender feeling of the conclud ing chapters are a veritable prose " in memoriam" to a great life. Morna Lee, and other Poems, by Mary Hannay Foote. Gordon and Gotch, Queen- street, Brisbane. _ In a small and tastefully finished volume Messrs. Gordon & , Gotch have published a second edition of Mrs. Foote's poems. "Morna Lee," and its companion poems have evidently met with a due appreciation of their merits to necessitate such Bwiftly following reissue. We can only regret that Mis. Foote has not in her second edition given us many more pro ducts from.her pen. There is a poem from the German of " Heinrich Heine" entitled " The Pilgrimage to Kevlaar," which for its delicacy of touch and expression is worthy of special commendation.! The simple pathos of the theme is beautifully rendered. Without in any way wishing to impute the least taint of imitativeness, it is hard to read the following verses in " Washed Ashore" without being forcibly reminded of Adam Lindsay Gordon How was it, "O bird,'when thy bosom warm, . Neath an icy grip grew ehilL And the wings were furled that defied the storm, And the flutering heart grew still ? Gould the fair Antarctic lights illume The blackness of sky ana sea, _ When fate held the helpless amid the gloom That rose 'twixt thy past and thee. In bush scenes and bush descriptions Mrs. Foote has a "happy touch," recal ling Gordon's; and, possessing this power, our wonder is tliat she does not exercise it more in giving us poems of the' soil like "Morna Lee," "Allien the Pelican Builds," and "New j Country." ' The Bibl-s an Outgrowth of Theo oiiatic Life. By D. W. Simon. T. and T. Clark, 38, George-street, Edinburgh. The purpose of this book appears to be" to aid the belief of the man who doubts and yet believes. Mr. Simon is of I opinion that there is great assistance to i be derived in regarding the Bible from the historical point of view in place of the traditional and sworn belief that its writings were directly inspired. From a literary point of view this book suffers like all works that have been written from lectures. The voice of the speaker is wanting to make clear a mean ing which has to be traced through sen tences so involved that it is difficult to ' grasp what they would convey. In a book of this kind there should be no pains spared to make the student's path clear. In reasoning it suffers as all arguments must. suffer where it is attempted to establish by logical or would-be logical reasoning something quite beyond logical demonstration. The : theory it seeks to establish is unimportant; it is j not in the " how the Scriptures were in spired" - that minds are painfully, exer- j cised, but rather (to deal with that por tion upon which Mr. Simon founds his j theory) " did the Almighty take that personal and immediate part in the life j and direction of the Hebrews as recorded in the Old Testament, or are these records coloured by the expressions and manners of speech of a poetic people 1" The author declares the truth of the Scriptures and their divine origin, but refuses to accept the one belief that the writers received j their words immediately by divine reve I lation. The divinity of the Scriptures he ! establishes from his "point of view" thus:—He sets forth the part taken by God in the life and histoiy of the Jews, and deduces therefrom an equally important part in their literature—the literature which tells of the character of the Almighty and records His dealings with the Children of Israel. This literature, these writings, reveal the character of the Almighty, and such is a "divine revela rion." Readers whose minds are exer- : cised as to the nature and manner of the | inspiration of the Scriptures may be satisfied with Mr. Simon's solution of the | difficulty. But his reasoning is faulty, and there are portions where in argu ment lie assumes a "natural" inference of the Almighty's motives that in a man | of less earliest good purpose' would look like flippancy. Whisile Binkie : A Collection of | Songs for the Social Circle, 2 Vols. David- Robertson & Co., . Glasgow (received from Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son). The quaint name given to these volumes is of ancient origin. Itwas used in the, old times of Scotch merry-making to describe one who, through his skill in whistling, was accorded the privilege of | sitting at the Bink or board on convivial occasions, and partaking without charge of the good tilings provided. The collec tion of songs thus entitled was first issued in 1832, when it was of very modest dimensions. The contributors to the little volume were writers then living, who proved themselves worthy of having their lines embalmed in print. It is ex plained in the preface that when the book was first issued Scotch firesides were still greatly under the influence of the old , chap-books, which while they embodied much genuine poetic' feeling expressed in terse and graphic language were yet disfigured' by much that was coarse and indecent.. It was the purpose and gloty of "Whistle Binkie" to exhibit, to cherish, and to'preserve all the tender- • ness, the refinement, and the genius of the national muse without the coarseness And licentiousness by which it had been debased. Thisdesiguhasbeenscrupulously carried out, and in theliundreds ofs'ohgs by scores of authors which are included in the present work there is nothing that can be regarded as indelicate by even the incst fastidious. Love' lilts there are in abundance—indeed tlie great majority of the compositions have love as their theme, but they steer clear of reference to the grosser passions, and exalt con stancy and pure affection and the domestic virtues. The first issue of " Whistle Binkie" contained a very limited number of songs, but as fresh Compositions by the circle of writers who were depended upon as contributors to the little publica tion poured in enlarged editions were produced, until at length it became necessary to divide the work into the two volumes in which it is now presented. They are chubby, sedate-looking books, neatly bound, and filled with poetical effusions by such writers as James Ballantine, William Miller, Alexander A. Ritchie, Alexander Laing, Robert White, Robert Gilfillan, William Thorn, Alexander Rodger, and James Telfer. There are in all some hundreds of songs belonging to the four series that have been issued and a collection specially adapted. to the nursery. Very few indeed, of the pieces are without merit, and the* great majority of .them deserve.to:rank among the purest and 'best illustrations' of Scotch lyric writings. - 