GENERAL NEWS. Rosier foe tub Week. — Messrs. G. G. Cory, P. Keogh, R. W. Scholcfield, and L. Wittenberg. ParbwblIi Hchting. — Our readers are reminded that the farewell tea and public meetings to Rev. W. Higlett take place to morrow evening at the Btptist Church, Herries-street. POSTPONMENT 01' PUHNITITEE SALE, — It will be aeon from our advertisiug columns that on account of the inclemency of the weather, which shows every sign of lasting for tho next day or two, he sale of household furniture and effects in tho estate of the lato Rev. li. E. Goldinghara has been postponed till Wednes day, It is also notified that tho things will be on view from 2 to 5 on Tuesday afternoon, so that intending buyers may have an oppor tunity of impeding befor* the sale. G-eammab School Scholarships. — Ex- aminations for scholarships to grammar schools will be held at Brisbane, Ipswich, Toowoomba, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Rockhampton, and Townsville, and other places with respect to which applications may be made and approved, on the 16th and 17th December next. The pcholarshipa awarded will not exceed 120, of which 00 will be available for boys and 30 for girls; and thoy will be tenable for a period of three years. D. D. Farmers' TJniok. — A meeting of shareholders was held on Saturday last in the School of Arts for the purpose of electing the first directors. Hon. J. Thorneloe Smith occupied the chair, at tho invitation of the shareholders. He explained the nature of tho present meeting being in accordance with tho articles of association to appoint directors who would hold that offico to the end of the year. It was proposed that the provisional direotoro be re- appointed, aud all, with the exception of Mr. John Murphy, who is away from tho district for a time, accepted. Mr. W, II. Groom, M L.A-, was proposed for tho vacant place, and accepted. Tho plans for building shed, &c;, were approved of. At the close of the meeting tho new directors mot and accepted tho resignation of Mr. Crow, and olected Mr. Symes as secretary, who will in future keep tho offico of secretary to tho D. D. Farmers' Union Company, Limited, at tho School of Arts, nt from 11 o'clock till 1, aud from 2 to 3 o'clock each day. The chair man, Hon, .1. Thernelod -Smith, M.L.C, was deputed to obtain sp 'ci(ic*tiuns from the architect, Mr. Marks, and call fqr tenders forthwith fpr.tho market sljed. The meeting then udjuurned to Saturday, October 4th., qt 10.30 am, ' ' . Sombwhat Fisinr.— -A very curioui dis. . covery has been made at the McDonald river, near Armidale. Tha Express says that some time ago, Mr. Goo. Gill, of Emu Creek, placed some trout ova in that river, but the result up to a short titno ago waB barren. However, lately large numbers of fish hnvo been observed in the river, and about 90 were caught lately on one evening, averaging about J- a lb. Theso aro K puzzls nor can our most experienced fishermen from the old countries make head or tail of thorn. The head is the head of a trout, and eo the ftah resembles trout to the belly, whilo from there to tho tip of the tail they are like an eel, with perfect eel markings on portions of tho skin. There is no appear* ance of scalos, and this again is asl-like. The most probable solution of tho mystery appoars to bo that when the trout ova was placed In tho riyor, it commingled with eel spawn aud by ono of thoio curious freaks of nature an altogether new fish has boon evolved. These ijsh when cooked arn Bfated to bavu the f|nronr qf an eel, in some dogroe.3, with a sbiipcou uf trout, aud epicures pronounce thorn delicious. Althogetber this discorory is a. moat important and interesting ono, and should excite much attention in the pUoatorial world. MasonjO;— A good working committee has been appointed to carry oat all arrangements in connpction with the M««onic ? Viall on'sOlh mat. Those, wo nnderstand, h vc now been completed in true Masonic style, nnd will no doubt prove n great success. 'Pull par ticulars will bo found in our advertising columns. . ? , . ' Tbmpeimncb Min'tOB.' This is the title of the latest print rofji'teri'd as a newspaper. It is printed and published' by T. B. Porry & Co, for the proprietors, at 37 King-street, Sydney, and is devoted to tho teraporance cause. Its contributions seem well and carefully written, and the inech&nicnl; work and general got-ujiare first-ela«s. Morr Honours.— A telegram fnm M»l bourue states that Mr.- li B Groom, 8. A,, studont-at-law,' Molbourno University, has bnon declared tho winner in the competition for the prize essay this year at Orinond Collrge, the subject of the essay being the ' Attitude of the modern English p iota to wards external nature' A Bolt. — Shortly after one o'clock on Saturday a horse attached to the buggy of Mr. Roggonkamp mndo a bolt from that gentle man's residence in Neil-street down as fur as Margaret-street. Here it turued the corner towards Ruthvcn-streot, but before reaching Tattersall's salo yards, whem there is always a crowd of' horses and traps at that hour, Air. Fred Dodd, iu a very plucky manner find lit great risk, rushed out and caught tlio reins nt the horse's head, probably averting what might have been a serious accident. Neither horse, buggy or harness was injured. : ^: Unwobsiiipful Weathbb. — A good idea of tho uninviting aspect of the wctithor yesterday may bn obtained from' the church statistics. In tho morning, no service was held among the Congregalionaliats, while tlio Wesleyans mus tered 12, the Presbyterians 25, the Catholics 70, tho Anglicans ot St. . Luke's 30, aud of St. James' not many more, but tho number wo lmvo not ascertained. At the Baptist Church 14r attended, and the pastor, Rev, W. Higlett, faiotod duriug the service and had to be conveyed home in a vohicle.' Wo un lerstand the reverend gentle.nnn soon recovered. In the evening we believe there was no service held at any of tho churches. The Latest Strike.: — The latest strike has boon that o£ the (Melbourne) bookmakers, (quoth ?' Aulus.') Formerly, there was a danger that c'io sheep could not be shorn, now the dilBculty is about shearing the pnblic. Let us hope that the heroic effort will not be too prolonged, but that in November tho shearers will turn up as usual, ready to lay 'two to one agin anything, bar' — a horse with a ghost of a show ; and quite prepared to skin the lamb, and eat it if need be. A friend takes an opposite view. He says that, if only tho bookmakers would remain permanently ou strike, and be joined by the lawyers and members of th« Stock Exchange, there would bo a chance for tho millennium. More Backsliding.— Tho worthy rate, payer, who lately came to grief in the gutter near Mr. Sinclair's auction mart, has boen at it again. Having bad a call to visit a friend at the hospital last Friday night, the ratepayer only experienced two slips on tho pavement going there, yet, strange to relate, got 'busbed' at the bridge coming back. Our correspondent attributes tho mishap to tho lamp there dazzling his eyes. Not the muon this time. ' Being a good bushman (he continues) and a temperate men, I honestly believe that if I had been in the bush I could havo gone straight homo j but being a resident of Tooivoomba, I tvas bushed in tho above manner for fully 20 minutes.' This is very sad, although we do not understand why a residont of Toowoomba should get bushed any more than any other man, and the corporation should seo to it. Sam Uxdbr the Proobss ox Conversion. — A few wor^fl (says' the Australasian) will suffice bo sura up the policy of the Griffith, M'Hwraith, Government annaunood for tb.ii sossion in Queensland. The attention of Par liament is to be fixed chiefly on finance, and such pleasing questions as the ' regulation of the Chineae.' Sir Samuel Griffith closes the mouths of the representatives of the North, who ory oqt-^ae thoy b,aye been crying out all these years-^for separation and toe means of oarrying on sugar plantations, now threatened with the loss of the only labour that can be employed in the cane-fields. 'Gentlemen,' Sir Samuel Bays, 'I am undergoing a process which is quite ne\y to me— tho process of oonvorsjon, and until my sov,! shall have passed through all the pangs and throes it is no,v enduring let us agree to avoid discussion. You see I have by me Mr. Cowlcy, who de. mauds Work labour, and Sir Thomas M'll wraith, who is the friend of all the great interests I have offended, and you need have no apprehensions.' ' JJuter Gloucester aloft between two bishopa.' So runs the stage direction in the great drama whipb naturally suggests itself — ' Sco where ho stands bctwoon two clorijymcn, Two props ol virtue lor a Christian prince, ?' To stay him from the full of vanity ; '/Ail, nee, n hook of prayor in his hand, True ornaments to know a holy man,' Caiibike and Meg-aphone.— Ths Sydney Herald thus describes the great struggle for the Craven Plate. — ' When the all- important moment had ariived Carbine took his place against tho mils, with Cardigan and Mega phone next, while Cuirassier, who was very fractious, occupied a position on the left. A loud exclamation proclaimed the fact that the battle had commenced, and perhaps Curbine got a triflo tho best of the start. Ten strides after the fall of the flag Megaphone dashed to the front; and soon put two lengths between himself and the crack. The pace was so severe even thus early that the others began (a taiUoff, and they continued to do so all through tlie contest. 'With the sensible vlow of making tha weight toll upon Carbine, Megaphone- increased his advantage to three loiigths as they raced along tho back of tho course at a. pace that was. ever increasing. After they flashed past the five-furlongs post the son of Musket began to close gradually and surely like nn avenger upon his flying opponent, and, as he draw closer and closer at every strido, the excitemant grew with the pace, and when the three-furlongs post was reached and raced past Carbine's head was on the tho colt's girths. Still tho Queensland hero lengthened his terrible stride in'his endeavour to shake off the big fellow ; but Carbine came on, and although the three^year-old never flinched or faltered, he rpaeqed his head at tho hend and thsy flew lopked level into, the straight, Neither had tho slightest advantage, hut Ryan was aeon to be bard on the colt, and is they faced the rising ground the favourite got his head and neck in front. A resolute and well answered call brought Megaphone en terms again and at tho distance Ram age ' drew bis whip and shook it, while tho spurs were buried drop into the champion's sides. That was enough. Ho extended until bis belly appeared to nearly touch the ground, and gained an advantago of half a length. Byan now drew his whip, and Bottled down formal earnest on tho Huwkesbury Handicap winner, but, ride as he would, ho could not get the head of tbo gallant colt past tho other's girths. Ono nuprome effort ou tho part of Mega phone, and ono final demand on Carbine, and the great liorso drow further away, and won by three-quarters of a length from tho son of Nowbold, who nover flinched from tho bitter punishment, ' and thu» ended the struqglo, whilo tho public wev almost wild with excite mont. CuirasBior was soino 30 lengths away, and four lengths ofter him camo pardigan. Time, 2 ininqtes 7- seconds.' Oarbino's tiuifi breaks tbo 1:1 m-'° record. The noxt fastest time for this race was mi\do by Trident In 1887— 2min lOiBeo. ? .'. L'-'fc otheis hunt, or Hah, or sail, . ? O'er ocean's foam afar, But give to me a nrst-olass ale, And a real Olub Hours Cigar, 