A PROTEST FROM A UNIONIST SHEARER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir -In reference to my views published in the ing of the 23rd inst. those of my fellow workmen on the shearing, board who at that period were inclined to regard them as pessimistic now sorrowfully admit that they err only in under estimation The policy of calling out is so manifests)' suicidal that grave doubts are being freely expressed on all sides that a traitor is in the camp. The fact that the r_e*ub<*r3 of the A.S. Union have not been considered (except perhaps in some few carefully selected shade) is patent to the dullest comprehension and only qualified delegates of other union whether employers or tailleur should sell weigh his Siki first item before accepting the at um of leaders whom theranL ardtileopenlj repudiate The practical difficulties to which the-*ivageed ct exposes the shearer are pretty well known, but apart from the-, a workmate of vile In licences is opened of which even pressmen have no adequate conception Australian bears are recruited from nearly a I trades and classes and by natural defection the shearing but is a perfect chaos of clashing sentiment and a scordant opinion. there is, always a fair percentage of turbulent spirits men who have neither v openly princip e I nor sell respect at st Le who are ready '. pounce upon such an opportunities _ rises nations to indulge their leaders instincts to the top of their bent This faction Vrorka j UDJU the excitable portion until a tem t porary comb nation 13 10-inch and the residuum is too often covered. This is a state of affairs of which no one is more shrewdly sens t e than that little autocrat, Mr Temple, and I, for un have little doubt that his plans are by ed on such line- One thing is cer in the use called upon to strike without the ghost of: a grievance as far as we a e concerned in dividual by and a StriKe upon pro e pie 131 aspect the most absurd piece 11 quietism . th than ever becomes a Ehallow intel ect Another thing 13 equally patent either we PS | a union or our precede representatives must go to the war I and that right speedily I have been informed that those unscrupulous I leaders estim vote toe to-, of eight millions to the pastoralists it shearing is delayed one month Quite right my mends but what about the union shearers * I estimate a loss of £20 each and that mu tipped 23,600 times over will run into figures My word, what a lot 01 Johnny cakes the sum would buy Ba' jester g aside I never fully comprehended the term vandalism before Nero was confessedly a hard case but he would ran nowhe e in such company. Toora, was, BUbUlA N. Swan-hill, Sept. 27. 