Iootlight liAsiS: MAGGIE MOORE AT, HER MAJESTY'S. v . (. ? 'The Doll's House ' and ' Frou FjTOU.' 'PAUL JONES ' SXILL BOOMING. A'Tariety of Shows. The Gnlety— Standard— AlUambra— Sundry Items. Maggie Moore's ro-appearanco in Syd ney created a considerable amount of enthusiasm. She is popular and clever, nnd deserves all the oconiums which from time to time havo boen lavished upon her. She has in her time played many parts, mid nil Imvo boon L'ooJ. Mr. George Eiffnold was fortunate in securing her services, and last Saturday night she appeared in a now play at Her Majesty's entitled, Meg, or the Cast omoi/. The piece is by no means powerful, but it affords ample scope for Maggie Moore to exercise her peculiar abilities. Thoro's nothing strikingly new or original about Meg, or the Castaway. It is a play any. man with ordinary intelligence might havo strung together. Meg has a street avab part given her, and it -is almost needloss to say Maggie Mooro makes tho most of it. She Bings and dances until tho audience are fairly enchanted, and \ thon she trips off and leaves 'them in tho throos of expec tation of more joys to come. Whoovor ?wrote Mtg, or the UasUviaii must have had eome idea who would play the leading part. Tho plot is flimsy, but ample for the purpose, and as tho ijiece lias brought Maggio Moore ouco nioro before a Sydney nudieuce.we cauforgive any littlo matterof detail at which wo could easily cavil. Miss Moore's reception must havo boon gratify ing to tho artisto, for sho was literally Bmothered in flowers and overwholmod ?with good wishes. In tho course of tho play sho sings 'Twelvo Months Ago,' and 'A Curl from Baby's Head.' ' To-night,' and a swing song, and dances also. Mog is a . street waif, but highly accomplished, and .has evi dently been in a good school at some period of her existence. The part could not bo played bettor than it is by Maggio Moore, and the piece might have been ?written for her so well does it fit. Mr. H. K. Jewett, as Sam Slopor.has a part which he gets more out of than many actors could, but he has the peculiar knack of suiting himself to all characters. Messrs. Hazlett, 'Hoyte, and Lloyd each have moderate parts, out of which they oxtract tiB much capital as possible. Miss Alice Norton, Miss Maribel Greenwood, Miss Bessie Colyiile, and Miss Violet Aston contribute materially to the success of the piece. The play is mounted with all the attention to detail noticeaDio at xior Majesty's. Meg 'or the C'asioioay should have asuccessful run — moro on account of the acting than upon, tho merits of tho pioco. * * * * Paul Jones is drawing tho crowds at the Royal, and it is generally conceded that Paul is a; well-dressed, sprightly fellow. Great expectations wore formed of the opera, owing to tho long and successful run it had in Melbourne, and therefore tho interest taken in its production was above the average. Paul Jones is a good opera, but wo have heard better. No fault can be found with the acting, and tho cast is ono of the strongest that has appeared in Sydney for some time past. Paul Jones is ?well dressed, and .the surroundings are admirable Miss Nollie Stewart's popu larity is as great as ever, and she makes tho most of the arduous part allotted to her. Madame Marion Burton and Miss Aggie Kelton havo also secured firm holds upon the public. Mr. Snazollo has an extensive stock of gags always on hand, and never seems at a loss for something fresh to say, ? and he always brings it in iii the right place. Mr. Geo. Leitch plays the part of an idiot, but there can bo no doubt as to his sanity. It takes a wise man' to play the fool, and' Loitoh is therefore a good idiot. As the Lord Chancellor would observe, ' I need say no moro.' Messrs. Woodfield and Hodson are both good, ?while Mr. John Gourlayhos an immense amount of funny business, which always tells. He is a clever, actoi' in a good part. The orchestra is excellent, and tho choruses one of the strongest ever ap pearing in opera in Sydney. Paul .fonts should make a prolonged stay at the Royal, and his popularity should increase as people become bettor acquainted with him. * -* * Miss Janet Achurch has made a decided Impression in Sydney with Ibsen's curious play A Dolls Uoxise. There has been some controversy as to the marriage theories propounded in the play, but this has only caused more interest to centre in it. There can be no two opinions as to tho merits of Miss Achurch's performance whatever there may be as to the play. As Nora Helmer sho has a part which none but an accomplished actress could under take with success. It requires thought and careful study, and delicate acting. Miss Achurch thoroughly understands Nora Helnier's nature, and plays it naturally. The audience like Miss Achurch, and they like Nora Helmor, for which the author has much to thank the actress. As usual at the Criterion, tho play is strongly cast, Messrs. Titheradge, Charrington, and Flemming carrying off the chief honors ?with Miss Fanny Ensoii. On Saturday next Krou Prow will bo placed on tho stago, and Miss Achurch should 'come out strong in it. Apropos of tho Doll's House, the London Referee has the following para graph : — ' More Ibsen is imminent. At the Haymarket on the 1 6th Mrs. Erving Winslow, of Boston, U.S.A., will give a reading of one of Ibsen's plays to a batoh of invited guests. This lady is reported to have read largoly and successfully from most of Ibsen's works in various cities of the Union, and her repertory consists of U he Pillars of tlociely, A Doll's House, An Enemy of the People, and The Lady from the fieo. ? ' ' * * * On Saturday last Mis3 Janet Achurch extended an- invitation to the visiting team of footballers; who turned up in force and greatly appreciated the compliment paid them. During the evening Miss Achurch was the recipient of many beautiful and costly floral tributes, with tho club's colors interwoven— a particularly graceful act on both sides. . It may not be generally known that Mr. Charrington is an old' Bugby footballer. ? , ? ? - * * ? Professor Anderson, tho Wizard of the North, has made his appearanco at the Standard, and hie performance is as mys terious as ever, Ho is ''an excellent magi cian, and makes bulky artiolos vanish with unheard 6f rapidity. He can spirit him self away, and this must be convenient upon occasions — at least some of our Bt'aff could find it so. Mdlle. Blanche Granville assists the Professor, and she is an attrac tion second only to the 'great man' himself. .' 1 ? ? # * . , To-night the Kov. Chas. Clarke will deliver a lecture at the. School of Arts on ' Oliver Cromwell.' Mr. Clarke's lectures are always worth hearing, arid Mr. B. S. Smythe, manager, vouches the rov. gentle man is ' better than over.' ' * .' ? * Miss Augustine Dargin will commence a ?erios of dramatic recitals at the Y-M.C.A Hall on --August 6; when a fine.- selection will bo given, Mr. Stoptord, her manager,' has soourod a- formidable array of patrons for tho opening night. -..:?' : Business is still brislc at tho Alhambriy, and two aftornoon performances, in addi tion to thoso in tho evening, have been given during tho week. Tho programme is constantly being changed, nnd oach sue cecding ono appears as attractive as its prodecessor. Mr. Frank Smith must be gratified at the popularity the Hall' has achieved. ? ? ? ? ' ? . , At tho Gaiety, Mr. Hiscocks* New American and English Specialty Company have been doing good business, ? Irish Aristocracy has boen tho draw, and -this will bo' roplaced next Saturday by HIul- doon's. Ball. Mr. I\ M. Clark and Mr. W. B. Warner sharo tho honors of the evening with tho Harvoy Brothers. ? ? ' * .- ?.-?'?;., Tho Hallo-Noruda return concerts havo been attended with success., To-day the last of these musical troats will bo given, and this will in all probability bo their final appearance in Sydney. At Darlinghurst Eink thore, have boon numerous special attractions ; and at Bondi last Sunday there was a good attendance to hoar tho sacred concert. # * ? Edward Terry is baok again in Londcn. * # # Our Bat has reached its 400th performance in London. * ? ? Ibsen's Ghosts is to ho played in Paris at tho Thoatro Libre. * ? .* Tho Duly American Company are playing The Boomerang at tho Lyeoum. Sheridan roturns to Molbourno after tho Rienold season with a revised version of The Widdy. , '.????. * # * Toolo has lately nont Honry Irving a prosont of a kangaroo. What on earth Henry will do with it, goodness knows. ' \- # # # Mr. A. Molvillo has purchased tho solo English rights of Bouoieault's Flying 8cud, lately being playod in Molbourno. Aiihnr Williams has boon ohgagod by Goorgo Edwards to piny sooonds toLonneu at tho Gaiety Thoatro in tho autumn. * # * Tho Tivoli Music Hall, London, has boenro modollod and docoratod, and with tho popular I'. J. Pottor i.i tho chair, is booming. * * * Tho Majeronis aro doing oicellont business in Hong Kong, Signorn, Majeroni having com pletely reoovorod from hor serious illness. It is said that Mr. ITrod Leslie has beon engaged for two yoars by tho Gaioty manage ment at a salary of .61.20 per week. How's this for high P . * # # The Two Recruits, an original farcical oomedy by Mr. Frank Wyatt, was played for copyright purposes only at tho London Royalty tho other aftornoon. It is said to havo a raoy plot, and several linos of broad humor which will bo all tho hotter for toning * * # Mrs. Langtry has discovered, by tho'nn succossful run of Esther Sandraz, that chook and a questionable reputation arc not tho only things a woman can rely on for success nowa-. (lays, though sho has run for a long timo on little more. The pioco is a poor one, and even tho appoaranco of an erstwhilo Court favorite in tho principal character has not been ablo to keep it off tho coals. * * * On Juno 1G Mdme. Sarah Bernhardt was to havo given what would probably be about tho ' sonsution ' of tho theatrical season. Tho groat French actress' nppoarance as Jonn of' Arc will att.'act to Hor Majesty's a good many pooplo besides those who havo any tasto for French plays (says tho SroRTiNO and Dra matic News just to band), and it will no donbt bring M. Mayor's venturo to a trium phant issue. . st * # Mrs. Langtry has beon laid prostrate by a severe attack of pleurisy. Under thoso sor rowful circumstancos Mr. Arthur Boncliior has consented to undertake tiro management of tho St. James Thoatre, and will open his campaign in a fow days with a now comedy by Justin H. M'Carf.hy, and Lady Grovillo's one-act piece called Old Frinndn. His com pany will include Messrs. Everill, Cautloy, Farquhar and Be Lango. and Mips Marion Lea, Adrienne Dairolles and Edith Chester. Minnio Palmer, in hor second week at the Islington Grand, London, has bnon appearing in ilv lirnther's Sister (says the .Referee). In this Minnio gots a fine chance to display her versatility, and is, 'indeed. ' yours merrily' in almost every scene. You know nho is a charming girl, and tho. Grand patrons have discovered that sho is also a saucy and amus ing boy. Singing, acting, talking, dancing, shs has bewitched her 'audiences, and her audiences have uovor tired of applauding hor. If you haven't scon Minnio I'm sorry for you, seoing that yon won't get another chance until hor rotnvn from America. # * * A good story is told of Miss Helen Honniker (no relation of the posta1 roformor), who is widely known for hor social activity and great porsonal bulk. You may judgo of her stout ness whon you know that sho can only sit in the front row of the stalls at a thoatro. Ono day sho was conversing with some of tho numerous young men of fashion, who aro locally known as ' Helen's Babies,' ooncern ing tho normal relative dimensions of tho human form, one of thorn repeating the usual artistic patter, such as ' twice ? round my wrist, onoo round my nock— twico round my nook, onco round my waist.' 'Y03,' inter jected Holon. ' and twice round my waist — what's that?'.' ' Oh, that,' was tho reply, .' why that's onoo round tho park.' Tho round of tho park (Hyde Park) is about two miles and three- quarters. 