THE STORY TELLER. CHAPTER II. (continued) "I do beg, St. Servan, that you at least; will finish the game.'' I saw he hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. "Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs ot courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubtless an hallucination after all ?" "Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage?" I knew the tone - if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. "Come, St. Servan, sit down and finish the game." Another momentary pause. He sat down, and - it would not be correct to write that we finished the game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted it. "You know, St. Servan, it is really is nonsense to talk about ghosts." "It is a subject on which I never talk." "If something does compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something winch is capable of a natural explanation." " Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then." " I will ! Before I've finished ! If you only won't tum tail and go to bed ! I think it very possible, too, that the influence, whatever it is, has gone - it is quite on the cards that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, but before you do anything, just tell me what move you mean to make." "I will move " - he hesitated - "I will move queen's pawn." He put out out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, he moved king's rook's pawn two squares. "So ! Our friend is still here then? I suppose you did not change your mind ?" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan's eyes. " I did not change my mind." I noticed, too, that his lips were uncommonly compressed. "lt is my move now. I will move queen's pawn. We are not done yet. When I put out my hand you grasp my wrist - and we shall see what we shall see." " Shall I come round to you ?" "No, stretch out across the table now !" I stretched out my hand ; that instant he stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be another, au unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. " There appears to be another hand between yours and mine." " I know there is." Before I had the words well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two squares. St. Servan and I sat staring at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. "This is very curious ! Very curious indeed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will come over to you." I went over to him. " Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands." I grasped it as firmly as I could, and it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the table when two unseen hands, grasping mine, tore them away as though my strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder - he had moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. '"'This is a devil of a ghost," I said. St. Servan said nothing ; but he crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. "There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." . St. Servan shook his head. "Not I !" he said. "Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which I can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothing tangible about an unseen visitor except his hands. It is my move. I returned to my side of the table. I again addressed myself, as it were, to an unseen auditor. "My good ghost, my good M. Funichon \- if it is you - you are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand." I held it out. It instantly was grasped. With my left hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind and before, in every direction, so far as I could. It met with no resistance. There seemed to be nothing tangible but those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist - and I had moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. St. Servan rose from his seat, "It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease. It would have been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed." "Then you are sure it is a ghost - the ghost of M. Funichon we'll say." "This time Monsieur - must permit me to wish him a good night's rest." He bestowed on me, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of the head, which would have led a stranger to suppose that we had met each other for the first time not ten minutes ago, instead of being the acquaintance of twelve good years. He moved across the rcom. " St. Servan, one moment before you go ! You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of peril." " lt is better that Monsieur should come too." " Half a second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that is to the ghost." I rose from my seat. St. Servan made a half-movement towards the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still. " If there is any other person with us in the room, may I ask that person to let us hear his voice, or hers ? Just to speak one word." Not a sound. "It is possible - I am acquainted with the laws which govern - eh - ghosts- that the faculty of speech is denied to them. If that be so, might I ask for the favour of a sign - for instance, move a piece while my friend and I are standing where we are." Not a sign ; not a chessman moved. "Then, M. Funichon, if indeed it be you, and you are incapable of speech or even of moving a piece of your own accord and are only able to spoil our game, I beg to inform you that you are an exceedingly ill-mannered and foolish person, and had far better have stopped away." As I said this I was conscious of a current of cold air before my face, as though a swiftly-moving hand had shaved my cheek. "By Jove, St. Servan, something has happened at last. I believe our friend the ghost has tried to box my ears !" St. Servan's reply came quietly stern. " I think it were better that Monsieur came with me." For some reason St. Scrran's almost contemptuous coldness fired my blood. I became suddenly enraged. " I shall do nothing of the kind ! Do you think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring trick which would disgrace a shilling seance ? Driven to bed at this time of day by a ghost ! And such a ghost ! If it were something like a ghost one wouldn't mind; but a fool of a ghost like this !" Even, as the words passed my lips I felt the touch of fingers against my throat, The touch increased my rage, I snatched at them, only to find there was nothing there. " Damn you !" I cried. " Funichon, you old fool, do you think you can frighten me ? You see those chessmen ; they are mine - you dare to try and prevent me doing with them exactly as I please." Again the touch against my throat. It. made my rage the more. "As I live, I will smash them all to pieces, and grind them to powder beneath my heel." My passion was ridiculous - childish even. But then the circumstances were exasperating - unusually so, one might. plead. I was standing three or four feet from the table. I dashed forward. As l did so, a hand was fastened on my throat ! Instantly it was joined by another. They gripped me tightly. They maddened me. With a madman's fury I still pressed forward, I might as well have fought with fate. They clutched me as with bands of steel, and flung me to the ground. CHAPTER III. When I recovered consciousness I found St. Servan bending over me. " What is the matter ?" I inquired, when I found that I was lying on the floor. "I think you must have fainted." "Fainted ! I never did such a thing in my life. It must have been a curious kind of faint l think:" "It was a curious kind of faint." With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I glanced around. There were, the chessmen still upon the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I seemed to have lost, the use of my tongue. In silence he helped me to the door. He half led, half carried me - for I seemed to have lost the use of my feet as well as that of my tongue - to my bedroom. He even assisted me to undress, never leaving me till I was between the sheets. All the time not a word was spoken. When he went I believe he took the key outside, and locked the door. That was a night of dreams. I know not if I was awake or sleeping, but all sorts of strange things presented themselves to my mental eye. I could not shut them from my sight. One figure was prominent in all I saw - the figure of a man. I knew, or thought I knew, that it was M. Funichon. He was a lean old man, and what I noticed chiefly were his hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantastical way I seemed to be contending with them all through the night. And yet in the morning when I awoke \- for I did I wake up, from that sweet, refreshing sleep as one might wish to have -it was all gone. It was bright day. The sun was shining into the great ill - furnished room. As I got out of bed and began to dress, the humorous side of the thing had returned to me again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about a set of ivory chessmen appeared to me to be extremely funny. I found St Servan had gone out. It was actually half-past ten. His table d'h么te at the H么tel de Bretagne was at eleven, and before he breakfasted he always took a petit verre at the club. If he had locked the door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. I went into the rambling, barn- like room which served us for a salon. The chessmen had disappeared. Probably St. Servan had put them away - I wondered if the ghost had interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out - fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. The proprietor of the H么tel de Bretagne is Legitimist, so all the aristocrats dine there - of course, St. Servan with the rest, because, presumably, the landlord's politics are congenial. As to his cooking it is apparently indifferent - I never knew a worse table in all my life ! The landlord of the H么tel de l'Europe may be a Communist for all I care - his cooking is first- rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After I had breakfasted, I strolled off towards the Grande Rue, to M. Bobineau. When he saw me, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles - he must have got those chessmen for less than five-and- twenty francs ! I asked him if he had any more of the belongings of M. Funichon. "But certainly! Three other sets'of chessmen." I didn't want to look at those, apparently one set was quite enough for me. Was that all he had ?" " But no ! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved -" I thanked him - nor did I want to look at that. In the Grande Rue at Morlaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth century - if you listen to the vendors - are as plentiful as cobblestones. "But I have all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought nearly all of his possessions. Books, papers, and -" M. Bobineau waved his hand toward a multitude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the side of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was in manuscript. "That work is unique!" exclaimed Boblneau. " It was the intention of M. Funichon to give it to the world, but he died before his purpose was complete. It is the record of ali the games of chess he ever played - in fifty volumes. Monsieur will perceive it is unique." I should think it was unique ! In fifty volumes ! The one I held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some six or seven hundred pages, and was filled from cover to cover with matter in a fine, clear handwriting, written, on both sides of the page. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggested that he should give to the world such a work as that. I opened the volume at the first page. lt was, as Bobineau said, apparently the record, with comments, of an interminable series of games of chess. I glauced at the initial game. Here are the opening moves, just as they were given there: WHITE. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares, King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. BLACK. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. . King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. They were exactly the moves of the night Joe before. They were such peculiar moves and made under such peculiar circumstances - that I was scarcely likely to mistake them. So far as we had gone, St. Servan and I, assisted by the unseen hand, had reproduced M. Funichon's initial game in the first volume of his fifty - and a very peculiar game it seemed to be. I asked Bobineau what he would take for - the volume which I held. " Monsieur perceives that to part them would spoil the set, which is unique. Monsieur shall have the whole fifty - I shuddered. I imagine Bobineau saw I did, he spoke so very quickly -" for a five franc piece, which is less than the value of the paper and the binding." I knew then that he had probably been paid for carting the rubbish away. However, I paid him his five-franc piece, and marched off with the volume under my arm, giving, him to understand, to his evident disappointment, that at my leisure I would give him instructions as to the other forty-nine. As I went along I thought the matter over. M. Funichon seemed to have been a singular kind of man - he appeared to have carried his singularity even beyond the grave. Could it have been the cold blooded intention of his ghost to make us play the whole, contents of the fifty volumes through? What a fiend of a ghost his ghost must be ! I opened the volume and studied the initial game. The people were right who had said that the man was mad. None but an imbecile would have played such a game - his right hand - against his left ! and none but a raving madman would have recorded his imbecility in black and white, as though it were a thing to be proud of ! Certainly none but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of the game and study of Chess upon two innocent men. Still, the thing was curious. I flattered myself that St. Servan would be startled when he saw the contents of the book I was carrying home. I resolved that I would instantly get out the chessmen and begin another game - perhaps the ghost of M. Funichon would favour us with a further exposition of his ideas of things. I even made up my mind that I would communicate with the Psychical Research Society. Not at all improbably they might think the case sufficientiy remarkable to send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon the spot. I almost, began to hug myself on the possession of a ghost, a ghost., too, which might be induced to perform at will almost on the principle of "drop a coin into the slot and the figures moved !" It was cheap at a hundred francs. What a stir those chessmen still might make ! What vexed problems they might solve ! Unless I was much mistaken, the expenditure of those hundred francs had placed me on the royal road to immortality ! Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that St. Servan had returned. With him, if I may say so, he had brought his friends. Such friends ! Ye Groths ! When I opened the door the first thing that greeted me was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of incense. The room was filled with smoke. A fire was blazing on the hearth. Before it was St. Servan on his knees, his hands clasped in front of him, in an attitude of prayer. By him stood a priest in his robes of office. He held what seemed a pestle and mortar, whose contents he was throwing by handfuls into the flames, while muttering so doggerel to himself. Behind were two acolytes, With nlce clean faces and nice white stoles, who were swinging censers - hence the odour which filled the room. I was surprised when I beheld all this. They appeared to be holding some sort of religious service - and I had not bargained for that sort of thing when I had arranged with St Servan to share the rooms with him. In my surprise I unconsciously interrupted the proceedings. " St. Servan ! Whatever is the meaning of this?" St. Servan looked up and the priest looked round - that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I conceived to be a grin upon their faces. But I wasn't to be put down like that. "I must ask you, St. Servan, for an explanation." The priest turned the mortar upside down and emptied the remainder of its contents into the fire. " It is finished," he said. St Servan rose from his knees and crossed himself. "We have exorcised the demon," he observed. " You have what ?" I asked. "We have driven out the evil spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. " You don't mean to say, that you have dared to play tricks with my property ?" " Monsieur," said the priest, I have ground it into dust." He had. That fool of a St. Servan had actually fetched his parish priest, and his acolytes, and their censers, and between them they had performed a comminatory service made and, provided for the driving out of demons. They had ground my ivory chessmen in the pestle and mortar, and then burned them in the fire. And this in the days of the Psychical Research Society ! And they had cost me a hundred francs ! And that idiot of a ghost had never stretched out a hand or said a word. THE END. 