'? ?'.'? tale. J§|SfudhoIine's Thank Heaven, it is over at last, and all that I, have to be thankful for is that the wont hat not happened. How it has all oome ?boat :ii' still but a.oonfused jumble in. my own mind. Only on* thing stands out dearly before me, and that is the wretched dream 'whioh has been in some mysterious way, the cause of all that has followed. Tee, it is as. blear to 'my mind to-day as it was a year ago, ?when X dnamed it. I,oan S£e the bedroom, furnished with ?very, comfort and luxury. The fire burns brightly in the fire placo, and two figures — a msu'.atid a woman— man about the room. They seem, by their gestures, to bo holding an animated dnoussion. Yet I hear no voice no spoken word. They are evidently uncon scious of my presence, and I feel an intense longing in let them know I am there and to nwdiate between them, for I can see olearly that' they are engaged im a quarrel. The man stands gaains into the fire, his hinds thrust into his pockets, and a horrible ? nervous twitching about his mouth and brow, whioh is rendered more disagreeable by the flioker of the fireliKht. The woman stands at her pier-glass, and I -iee tho reflection of her face therein, lit up by the wax toilet candles. It is a beautiful face-, and ia rendered more beautiful by the emotion whioh heaves the b»som of its owner and suffuses her cheeks with the life-blood coursing through her veins. Rioh masies of raven-blaok hair fall around her shoulders, and form a striokingoontrast with tbeir alabaster whiteness. . The man is tall and rather fair. Hia fore head is high and broad, and his whole faco of an intelleotunl and refined cast. His hair and beard are curly and of aa Auburn Both. man and woman are in evening dress.':'' .,,- ''. As I stand giziag first ot ono and then at the other, the two faces seem to burn their images into my soul. Presently the man turns toward the woman, with' a look of fierce angrr on his face, and with'out-stretohed hands evidently addresses Bomo -words to her. A look of unutterable ?corn comes over herfaoe as she replies, and the next moment, to my unspeakable horror, I he grasps her lovely throat in his powerful I hands, and I oaa see that he ia ohokingher ! I I strive with all my strong th to speak or move I to her assistance, but X- am paralyzed. At I last, with a fearful effort, I utter a piercing I soream, and wake— oh, with what thankful- I neSB ! ? tn find If. is hut » riraam I Yes, only a dream, but differing from all dreams I ever droamed before in this one respeot, that every detail of it — the bedroom, the furnituro, tho faces of the actors— are aa clear as if I had seen them with my bodily eyes but yesternight. Long did the droam haunt mo, and I had to summon all my philosophy in order to ?hake myself free from its morbid Influence sufficiently to dovoto my wholo mind to my patients. . ... i' . ?' , ' But the two faces' remained clear to my mental -vision, and I often speculated upon the ohanco of ray over seeing their nrototv Des ratheflesh. * . What I-m now going to write is a simple record of facts. I have no intention of pre tending to explain them, .loan see plainly enough how certain links of tho chain are oimeuted, but there is one wide gap whioh baffles explanation. ' A year had gono by sinco rry dream, and I was , attending . a conversazlono at Guy's Hospital, given to commemorate the opening of the new wing. ' *'wo nua .-* guuu umpiay ui interesting objects, and ' especially of mioroscopes, ex hlbited'by one of tho priuoipal. makers. I had boen'for some moments peering into one of those; when a gentleman, standing at the mext instrument, said, evidently addressing myself; . ? 'Here is; a remarkably good specimen of the *iUa6a?il you are interested in these ex 1 amplosof primitive life.' : I raised- miy head from the mloroscbpe 1 was ''; examining and turned , toward the ?peakvr. 'No sooner had my oyes rested upon Us faue than I became aware that it was the f aoe .of tho man iu my dream. Yes, in every, detail the saino II was' so staggered by rhia'l disooyery that I' stood' rudely staring in his I faca, until he said, politely : . *.I;bog your pardon. 1 havo disturbed you I in your examination of something which per- I haps was more interesting- to you than this I littlo chap under my glass.' '__ .' I Istamrabred out somo excuse for mv nMo. I ness,'; bent ovor his iniorortaopo, uud . duly praised the Hpeuimcni This led to a conver sation,' whioh soon proved that wo wero both interested in microscopy; and as we were both alone at thocouvctsnzione, we wandered through the words together and talked ' polly. wogs'tho whole evening. He was a man of considerable oulture— a barrister, ho, told me, but fond of scionce, particularly. of iniorosoopio studieu. : 1 hap pened to havo some rather fino specimens of my own,/ and as ovory microsoopist if .' hail fellow- well-mot, with overy other, I asked |X aim id visit mo and see my collection. He came, and I returned tho visit, whioh led to a friendship botwouu us and freuuent vipits to ? eaoh,other'ti houses. .,.. ? . . One evening my new acquaintance, whem I will call Hoanell, called upon' me and s*id he wished to take mo to the homo of a friend, . a cerfaiu 'West End physician, who, he oaid,- 1 aad~a:magniacent colleotion of 'slides. 1 1 readily consented and we -weio eoon on our I vtv*.. .. - ? . - . _ . . .? .? I HenncH^'was very odaimuniuativo aawo Walked1 along, and allowed his talk to tako a ?omewhitt personal turn, which was unusual with -him,' as ho rarely indulged in. anything borderinn: on njrotisra. Ha told mo that his visits;to Dr:' Warron's hail an interest in them beslde-tutitof.':pollywogB,'ns wo oalled our animalaulto. whioh, in short, -wasnothing less thanitlovo - for the pbysiolan's ,.dau t hter, of whom'ho spoko in tho ' warmest terms of ad miration; . ? yr.-.i .?.-??. .,:-,) j,.... .. . ,- ? a. ' 1!&,3*W rStudholme, she istimplf perfeo ^, t?n,l?l.Plln.d ''^ .porson',asyou will readUy \- admit,^ said he. ;- ,-. ;';j' ? j; ?? '. ^ I Ireplieli'thatI waa q'uito prepared to sea , a femalu paragon, as I know that he waa a I ?anNwho would uot bo eoeily satisfied with a watnW-jliVi ?:?.,. 1. '.?:,'?'.-? '?' -.'. -i , Weiarrived at Dr. 'Warren's and Iiy hit detira Iwora'ahnwn into his study, where we I foua|lhim already buny. selecticg some of hit choicest specimens for our edification, andJ we were soon all three deepjin the examina- I tion of slides acd living specimens from the ] large glass bowl in which the doctor kept his j livestock , ? ? . Au hour or so passed away, and we -were so intent upon our studies that I had not ob served the entrance of a fourth person until I beard a soft, quiet voice say : ? \ ? Good evening, Mr. Hennell; and, if you are not too deep in the mysteries of rotif era and other cV'rtful creatures, pray introduce me to yourii-eud.' : Hennell rose quickly from his microscope, with heightened colour and extended hand. \- Good evening, Hiss 'Warren. Allow me to introduce to you Dr. Studholme.' Great heavens ! 'What strange fatality was pursuing me P Standing before me, sure ?? death, was tho woman of my dream ! I felt that my heart was standing still and that the blood had left my lips. I could see my own condition reflected in the embarrassment of the young lady before me, and I made a des perate effort to control myself and go thromgh the formalitiea of an introduction. The task waa rendered more difficult by the knowledge on my put that Hennell's keen eyes were fixed upon both of us and wero taking in all that was passing. However, good breeding, of course, prevented his making any remark at the time upon what must have appeared strange behaviour on my part, and Miss 'Warren speedily recovered her composure and invited nn to come and take some refresh ment. i ' My father and I usually dine early in order that he may have a long evening with his microscope, and bo we generally have a light supper,' she explained. I found m}self boated opposite Miss 'War- ren at table, and felt the strange fasoination of her face— a fascination whioh owed its power in my oase lees to her beauty, whioh was undoubtedly' remarkable, than to the in sistence of my brain in tracing the likeness b-tween the woman of my dream and the living and breathing womas before me. I glanced from time to time at Hennell, and more than onee caught his scrutinizing gazo fixed upon me ere he had time to drop Sis eyelids, and ttiis increased m'y embarrass ment, so that I must have shone but poorly in the conversation whioh enlivened the supper table and in whioh Miss Warren took part in a manner whioh fully justified all that Hennell had eaid of her mental powers. Supper over, we retired to the Dootor's surgery and had our pipes and somo whiBiy and then bade our host adieu. ' On our way home Hennell rallied mo about my strange behaviour on my introduction to Miss 'Warren, hinting half jooularly and half tentative!? that that was not our first meeting and that I was probably an old ad mirer of the ladv. I tried to enter into his jocular mood, bat could not; my mind would levert to the dream and to its already partial fulfilment, and I asked myself a hundred' times whether I ought not to tell Hennell what was passing in my thoughts. Meantime my distraofr d manner gradually told upon him also, and ho became silent as we paoed along together. On reaching his chambers I put out my hand and said, ' Good night.' ' Good night, Studholme ; but I am afraid it is oithor ' love at first night ' with you— in whioh case it 1b awkward for me — or olsn Miss 'Warren has mesmerized you and for gotten to wako you up again.' I tried to laugh off tho impeaohment, but thore was no gcnoral hilarity in my laugh, and Hennell saw that there was none. However, he took no further notice of my muod, and I left him and sought my own houso. I am a baohelor and getting well on toward the -forties — an age whon a man ought to have some judgment, if he is ever to havo any ; yet when I sat that night by the fire in my study and puffed hard at that aid to reflection, my pipe, I oould not for the life of mo determine on any oourso of aotion with regard to my friend and ; his sweethoart. ? I got down Aberorotnbio and read his chapter on 'Dreams,' and the strange coin oidences whioh sometimes may bo traced between tho dreams and subsequent events— ooincidenoes whioh in many oases oan be ox nlained bv antecedent events, and whioh I in other oases only exist -between eomo of I the oiroumstancaj of the dream and tho [faots. I Still my mind oarao book to the question. I How was it that I should eee thoso two faces I so olearly in my dream — faces which, to my I knowledge, I had never sern beforo in this I world? And even if I had seen them in the I great human tide that surges around us, I I must havo seen them at separate times. I Why, then, should they assooiato themselves I in that horrible fashion in my dream ? And I why should I afterward find their possessors I already linked by tho bond of love, and I drawing near to tho state which would I make tho fulfilment of my dream at least a I possibility P A possibility f nay, a oertninty ! I whispered sotno strance voice within me. I Good neavonst what should I doP If I I spoke to Miss Warron of the matter I might I awaken iu her nv.nd fear and distrust, whioh would have no more, solid a foundation than a foolish dreora and a strange coiuoidenoe. I If I were silent, and by another ' strnuge coincidence' tho dream should bo realized to its horrille end, I should stand, in my owe eyes, as an accessory beforo the event. I could sea nothing clearly, and, like most men of a contemplative rather than an aolivo cast of mind, I resolved to let matters I drift and trunt to events to deoido my final course of aotion. Meantime my acquaintance with tho Warrens S regressed, owing to the peraistsnt invita ona of the doctor, to spend time with him in his study over ttomicrosoono. I saw tho nppruauuiujf imminent 01 xiennoirs en gagement with Mies Warren, and watched oarefulhrthe indications of themau's char acter; ' Ho seemed to'mo to havo a generous naturo and a well-balanced mind. T managed onco or ttvioo to, get him to talk about himself, and gave him my opiniou of his charaoter and temperament, finishing with a eulogium upon his s;lf-oommuud, instances of wliinh I had oocn on moro than one occasion iu our ramblos togothor. ' My doar fellow,' ropliod ho, ' you have now 1 touobed a very woalc spot in my nature. ? ? In j I the dayu of my youth, as Father Williams I remarks, I was notorious for the violence of I my tompcr, which used to ncizo mo lite a I whirlwind and whisk me uwny I scarcely I know whither. , Nothing but u certain I development of tho national faculty and de- I Votion to'pationt work at my mioronoope has I enabled, to got solf-control to bo tolerably I I certain of myself under, at least ordinary I provocation. Whether I should still stand firm .' under extraordinary provocation, I Hoaven only kuo wa !' ? I This conversation disturbed mo greatly. I Tho ; man was, . without doubt, too generous I and lofty of mind . to '? commie a deliberate I *i»wugt uhv| i/j aaxo unu uuiuaasiuiij HO I1HU tt-. pasHiotinte nature whioh, like a.vioious horse mi*ht .ot any moment :.bolt with hlsridor and bring disastor cither upon himself or another.. .What otherP.Might.it not be on' I tho woman of my dream — the woman of his choico, which was ono and. tho same in my mind. ....-.' . : , -ii-.i '. . ,:. ..?,?....* Again I dohatodin my mind whether I I Hliould warn this girl and toll her mv droam' I and again I shrank from moddlinir with I 1 other pjoplo'a affair* ; and lo I'while I hesi- I latod, fate sealed the match, and I- was I oalled upon to aok as 'best man-'to my I friend. ? , ,:. ? . ?; ? . I This ? constituted ' mo' ' tho ' friund of the I family,' and -I was « constant visitor at their I honsa at Barues. ' '. ' ... I Tt was about six months , after their I uiarriage .. that an ,; event -. occurred . which I awoke within mo onco mote the horror of my I dream.' , ' ., '. -; .. I , I had dined with Hennell and his wifo, 1 1 and ho and I had strollod into tbe garden to I I smoke our oigars. . ?. -j.^ :?'???..',' li : ? Come and have n look nt tho stables, old I fellow,' said Hennoll leading the' way in I that direction. ; li : As we approached the building we could see7 a light burning in one of tbe stables,' and could hear t, hubbub as if one of tho horses were careering about .the stable Hennell and I ran to the window, through which we ' oould see a groom striking one of tbe horses -vioiously about the legs with the handle of a stable fork. The mare (which it appears was Hennell's favourite hack) seemed almost mad with fear and exoite ment. I turned to Hennell, and the sight of his face appalled mo, so full of evil passion was it. Without a word he rushed to the stable door; threw it open, and seizing a heavy hunting whip with his right hand and the groom's throat with his left, he rained ou his body a shower of blows which curdled my blood to Bee. At last I sprang forward and seized the whip from behind him as he raised it for further blows, and being myself rather athletio, I managed to relax his grasp of the groom, who fell all of a heap in the corner. ' . ' -?'' ' Hennell's eyes turned to mine, and the fire in them faded into a huntad look. (He shook like a leaf as he stammered forth broken apologies for his violence. '? ' She is my favourite mare, Studholme, gentle as a ohild ; and the brute struck her with that thing while she could neither re taliate nor fly 1' \- AU right, old fellow. I daresay he has deserved what he ha* got,' I replied ; ' but do you go into the house and leave him to me.' . , l. -: . ? . ?...?, ? .. , ' No ; I am a greater fool than he 1 I have given way to passion such as no doubt in uenccd him, and I havo less exouso — God. help me !', and he turned and left the stables with hia hands covering his face. I helped the groom to rise, and saw him safely into the servants' quarters, where he would no doubt be attended to by his fellows, and I then bought Hennell in the drawing-room. Ho was not there ; but Mrs. Hennell sat there, some embroidery in her hands and a placid smile 011 her face. ' Well, have you finished your cigars; but where is Prank I' . .„''.. Again that dream foroed itself before me, I pictured to myself Hennell grouping the gloom's throat, while ten thousand devils looked out from his eyes, and I thought, ' Had it been her throat and no one near to Bav»herP' : Why should I not warn her as to her hui-- baud's temper, and either tell her my dream, or utlaut boeoioh her to guard against arous ing his passion P ' I! trembled with exoitomont but I strove to bq calm, and, taking her hand in mine, had just begun my task of telling her of what had passed in tho stables when tho door opened and Hennell entered. I wub in so norvous a state that I have no doubt I looked altogether confused, andMrsi Hennell herself was agitated by my manner and my opening words, begging her to Uston calmly to what 1 was about to say. Hennoll looked keenly at both of us, and said no word, and, af tor a littlo forced oon vorsation between myself and Mrs. Hennell, I begged to be excused and retired to my room, ai I was staying with them for tho night. ? I retired to my room, bat not to rest. I noa wu cvviiuu w kmun UI Ultnip, BO X CirOW au eaay chair in. front of tho fire whioh burned briskly in the grate, aud sat down to ponder ovor the events of the day., , I had had a long rido with Hennell during, tho afternoon, as a special holiday, aud I was physically tired, so that nature, aided by the warmth and comfort of the room, asserted her rights, and I foil asleep. How long I slept X do not know, but long enough to dream ugaiu the dream of a year ago, and once moro I suffered tho agony of seeing the man Beize the woman by the throat, but this tirao he suddenly oast her from him, and sho fell heavily upon the floor. I hoard the Bound of -her fall, and sprang up, wide awake, and an irresistible impulse moved me to seize the lamp and rush to tho land ing. ' ! ' Thore .1' was met face to fuoo by Henuell, and, meroiful Heaven 1 what n*faoe was his 1 It seemed to wear the stamp of years of agony. . ?for God's sake, come with mo, Studholmo —my wife is dying or dead 1' wero his words as he led me into bin bed- room. There, on the floor in front of her toilet table, layhiswifoinher dressing-gown, which was open at tha breast, and her raven tresses fell in all their glory ovor her bosom. I knelt beside her and luid my hand on her heart. Thank heaven, it still beat, though her faoe and lips were ashy pale. Asl bent low to see if she breathed, I saw by the light of tho toilet-candles throo dis tinct finger marks upon her suovr-whito throat. It was all true, then he hud tried to Btrangleher. ' Hennell himself stood in front of the firs in a dazed condition, twining his fingers to gether like a puzzled ohild, Iu a harsh voice I bade him get some brandy, and meantime bathed his wife's' forehead 'with cold water. She was evidently stunned by fall, uud must have struok her head against some piece of furnituro in fallinir. There were no real signs of asphyxia, Uiank heavon! and I knew sue would speedily recover oonsoioun ness ; so, haviDg administered to her a little of tho brandy whioh Hennell brought, and witnessed the first deep breath which har bing'Vd returning consciousLOJi'i, I alippod nut of the room, whispering to Hennell to oome to , me for further instructions later on. He came to my room half an hour after, nn I, in reply to my query as to how faired his wife, he said, in a low, broken voico ,' ? Better, bettor, than I deserve— God help me !' and sinking into a ohair, gave way to gucIi violent weoping that, in 'npite of the hardness ut my heart jristthen, I fairly pitied the man. I SDoko sharply to him, as ho was hysteri cal, and bade him pull himsolf 'together and act tho man, but h-j replied in despair ; I ' I am no longer a man. I havo laid bands upon a woman, and tho noblest and truest woman that ever stepped on God's earth !' Ho would have told mo all there am then, but I would uot listou and bade him return to his wife and watch her with care nnlil nho tlopt. ???'?? ''?'.''. Poor dovil ; ho did watch, as I afterward learned from hia wifo ; for when ' ulit.1 was awakened by tho sum stroamiug through the Yviudow-blinds, ho was still sitting beforo tho empty firo-pluco, bis fuoo buried ia his hands and his elbows resting on his knees. At her first mo7emont (so sue told me) Lo rosu irom ms seat ana Kneit uy nor bedside, dcolaring he would nover rise again until ho had received pardon, und offering thcro and then to go away, if sho to desired, forever, lowing her tho house and grounds and half his fortune I need scarcely, say that he was . forgiven and did nut go 'away,: and that, iu truth this . strange . and violent soeno and the hitter repentanoo whioh followed on Ilennoll's part only bound huabaud and wifo in closer ties. . I board the wholo story afterward' from Hennell's own lip?— how that the row with I the groom hod thrown him entirely off his tmlanoe and let Iooho the demon of passion which had been lonu chained up. Ono devil lose had brought him another for company viz., jealousy, and ho hud charged Lis wife with dishonorable relations with myself. The scorn with which she treated thocharao being, too proud oveu to rebut it, had mad- : dened him, and 'ha had actually seized her by the throat, whon' sho stopped backward, and, her foot catching in her dressing ? gown, sho fell and was stunned by the fall. ??- ,- Thus was my dream realized, realize! partly by its own bait fill influence upon myself and others ; but there still remains the mystery— why did I see those two faoos in my drpam P Why were they associated together in the dream as they were afterward in reality t I Donfess it has, shaken. my sooptioism . as re gards the things ' not dreamed of in ourphil isopiiy.,. . -., . -? ??....? ?? ...;,; ..; .. ?...,. : .:. 1 1'OtfltSUIVAOT. .... .... ,?:?... 1 It is all explained at last, and I oan.'sHU lispetue with tho' aid of the . supernatural. Lust nijht we had gathered together round Hennell's fireside — a motley gronp of authors, artists, and scientists, such as Mrs. Hennell lored to bring together. The conversation turned on art in general and piotures in particular. 'Did you aoe Van Hagen's weird exhibi i tion last year?' asks young Lawrenoe, the artist. ' There was one ghastly picture of a man strangling a woman in ;a bedroom. My thought* at once rushed to Hennell and his wife, and I trembled for the result of the speech, but both hunband and wife wen cabs as a summer's night — they had buried the past forever. ?The only thing in the pioture whioh pleased mo,' continued the speaker, ? was the painting of tho furniture and surroundings in the room, and the reflection of the woman in a large cheval glass. Hello! old fellow, got 'em again !' suddenly exclaimed the irre verent young fellow, addressing myself, and at that moment I caught sight of myself in the mirror of a sideboard ; I was as a man who had eeon a ghost. , 1 , ' Go on,' 1 cried ; ' describe the picture in detail.' Lawrence did so, and the whole company listened with heightened interest to his description. Then I turned to Hennell and asked : \- ' Did you visit that exhibition f* : . ' Certainly, and Edith with me; it was shortly after our engagement.' : ? And did you see tnat pioture ?'. . 'Wo did, undoubtedly ; for I bad to drag Edith away from it at lust. She seemed fas cinated by it.' . . ,-,...,?... ,.... ., .,'... ? ' What was about the date of your visit to the exhibition?'. ; ; . ;,. ' Well, I happen to know the date exactly as it was the date of our annial dinner at the ? Club. June 27, 18— .', ' Then I have solved the mystery 1' I oried with excitement. . , , , . 'Highly interesting,' quoth Griggs, the theuaophittt, ' especially if we happened to know what the mystery is 1' / Thereupon I had to relate the story, the details of whioh are known to the leader omitting, of course, the strange sequel. ' Very extraordinary !', exclaims Grigga, now serious and on the scent of what he sup posed a fresh exhibition of things behind tne veir, 'and no doubt explicable by ocoult science. 'There ia a much easier explanation than that, my friend,' I replied. ? I was at that exhibition und stood before that pioture long enough to get its details impressed upon my brain. As I turned away Hennell and his lady love, now. our honoured and beloved hostess' (with a bow to Mrs. Hennell), ' alao stood in the front of that pietuie, and, although then unknown to me their striking and handsome countenances' (with another bow to host nnd hostess), 'made another, though uneonsoious, impression on . my brain.' ?' ?? ' ' ? .- ? .? ? ,..,». ' On your heart, old man,' chimed in the incorrigible Griggs. ?-.--? ? .,??.. 'I loft the exhibition, and, on reaching home, waa culled at once to see one of my wealthy patioutn. ? I ought to iay my one wealthy patient, for such he was at that tune. It was a bud case, and I h«d to sit up with him uli night, and for several days 1 was iuooiistaut attendance upon my patient and scarcely 'had a night's rest. 'Then I 'got a whole night's rest, and near morning dreamed nxr dream; but,' owing to the jVdgaries which the mind plays in dreau.8, while retaining intact the vision of tho room in the pioture, I caused the man' and wife, in the pioture to change faces with the lady and gentleman who were looking upon it at the same time ai myself.' u' '^en Hennell did not murder you, after ttU,Mrs.HenneUr cried La wrenee* ? No, by the grace of God !' replied Hen nell, with. a solemnity only understood by two persons present-his wife and myself. — lAo Corn/nil Magazine.,, , . t, ',. . 