CAN A MOTHER FORGET ? A Tbue Ghost Story of To-day. Our London correspondent draws at tention to a remarkable ghost story in the current number of Blackwood, which iB vouched for as true by a well-known Roman Catholic priest. It is very beauti fully told, and has attracted widespread notice. The subjoined merely follows the outline:— In one of the poorest and most over crowded parts of poor and overcrowded London one bitter night early in February there sat in a barely furnished sitting room a young priest with an elder prieBt, who looked weary beyond words. As they sat the door-bell rang, and the door was gently opened by a tall lady dressed in black. She was exceedingly fair to see, beautiful in feature and carriage beyond most women; but there was an inexpressible charm far beyond even that —a dignity of manner and appearance such as Father Warren had never seen before. Advancing towards him, she said in a low, clear, and most melodious voice, " Forgive me, dear father, for disturbing you so late, and on such a night; but no other could fulfil so well the mission which I ask you to undertake. Will you come with me to bring comfort and happi ness to a departing and erring soul 1 and will you bring the Holy Sacrament with you, that, having confeBBed and been absolved, he may go hence in peace 1" " Dear lady," answered Father War ren, " I have not eaten since the morning. My clothes are wet through, and I am very weary. Another priest of God more worthy than I shall go with you." " Nay," she said, looking wistfully at him, " I pray you go with me yourself, for to you was I sent, and the time is very short. I beseech you to come with me, and make no delay. By the love of the Blessed Mother for her Son, by the love of that Son for all His erring children, 1 implore you come with me, and come quickly." She pleaded so earnestly and tenderly that he hastily put on a cloak and left the house with her. At last she stopped, and, knocking firmly and decidedly at the door of a house, she turned round to the priest and said—" I have shown you the place and told you of the Bore need of one who lives there. I can do no more and must go now. May the blessing of God the Father, the love of God the Son, and the help of God the Spirit go with you now." She turned rapidly away and was quickly out of sight. The door waB opened by a Btout, comfortable, respect able servant, who seemed rather astonished at his appearance. 'i have been summoned to a dying bed," be Baid ; " pray take me at once to the room." The woman looked perplexed, and answered—"There ain't no dying beds here, nor hasn't been thiB long time. But you had better come in and explain it to the young master." So saying, she led the priest into a most comfortable room, where was seated alone a young man evidently waiting for his dinner, preparations for which were on the table before him. The father could net withstand the genial greeting, and sitting down told the young man how he came there. His host was grieved and concerned at the useless fatigue and exposure he had gone through, and said, " I fear you have in your ready self sacrifice, given way too easily to some charitable lady, more zealous than judicious, who in her desire to do much, has to-night at least, done too muc^x, and made a mistake in an addresB which we can neither of us now rectify. " But I shall not let you go out again till you are thoroughly warm and fed," said the young man. Soon they were together as though they were old friends. They seemed drawn towards each other in some mysterious way, and their hearts wore opened, and they spoke as neither had done for years. "I once belonged to your church," said the lad, in rather Bad, regretful tones; " but 1 belong to no church now. Since my dear mother died nothing seems of real interest, and I feel that if she were indeed living in any state, she would find some way to communicate with me, for heaven itself could bring no joy to her if I were shut outside. I want happiness, I want my mother, I want my old full life back again. It cannot be true that she is living anywhere, in any state, and has forgotten her only child, her boy, her companion, and her friend. My father died suddenly of heart disease before I was born, and mother and I were all in all to each other ; we had not a thought apart. No! she is dead indeed! gone for ever!" " Come back, come back," said the priest, "to the faith and the church which made your mother what she was— what she is." I know not what further words he used, nor dare I venture to describe the feelings of the youth as he listened ; but after a while his better nature conquered entirely, and kneeling beforp the priest he cried,, " Keceive me back, again, I pray you, and bless me, even me also. O, my Father!" To this Father Warren assented, and passed into the adjoining room, leaving the young man alone. In the library he saw the picture of the lady who had brought him there. While he was still standing looking his new friend entered, mid said quickly, " You are looking at the portrait of my mother. It is very like her. Is she not beautiful? Can you not feel now how I must miss her sweet company every hour of the day ? Is it not strange that I feel nearer her to-night than I have ever done since she died and left me alone ? Indeed, I feel now as if she were not really dead—as if we must meet again. Will yon receive my oonfeBBion now, Father, and give me absolution before I sleep, and then I think I shall feel as if the black wall between us had been broken down for ever." "Willingly, my son," answered the good priest. Into that solemn interview and subse quent conversation it is not for us to intrude, but it was very late before they parted for the night, and it was arranged that they should meet again at the 7 o'clock service in the MisBion- room chapel the following morning. Imagine then the disappointment of Father Warren when the service began and ended, and his young friend did not appear. He was very sad. He went to the house. The door was quickly opened by the same servant as the evening before. But, oh ! how changed in her appearance. In a voice broken by Bobs she said, " He is dead. He is gone. Passed away in the night in his sleep 1 no sound; no cry. The best master that ever lived. He told my husband to call him very early, and when he went to do so, he found him lying calm and quiet, and like a marble image." Father Warren passed by her silently into the room ; and there, indeed, he found him lying calm and quiet, and very peaceful, but with such a look of bright happiness on his beautiful young face, as showed plainly that he had felt neither solitude nor fear when the angel of death came to fetch him away. " Who can doubt that it was his mother who came for me last night ?" said the priest to himself; "for can a mother ever forget, even in heaven, the child of her love on earth -Advertiser. 