MISCELLANEOUS READINGS. Snt Walter Scott said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission and like tne ghosts 01 vne murdered, for brer haunt the steps of tlic malefactor, The paths of virtue, though very scldom tfiose of .worldly greatness, .ore always those of pleasantness and peace. The JortJv's of Histoby.— It is remark able that many of the historical persons who bore this flotue Were uhfortunate either in their lives Of iii their deaths. England bas had hut a single King John, and he was one of tlic meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. JohnBaliol sometime Ring of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty-three Fopcs John, throe died in jail; two were isurdurt'd; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of tbc lSost -(Con stantinople) called John, one was poisoned; another blinded! a third Was monarch in name only; nnd a fourth gave up the throne ?wing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it Effect of a Wki.l-Toi.D Tale ok a Child's Sensibilities.— Notliiug appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensi bilities, tlic moral nature of a child, as a fVcll-iold tale. They rebel against what is commonly called " preaching," hut the greatest rebel of them all will yield to the softening influences of a talc llifft carries its Jpssons with it. Is not that enough? But the story does more. It broadens tlieir views, cultivates their finer feelings, des troys selfishness, teaches themto appreciate their relations with others, and planes down the rough places that would fill their lives with friction. This much it docs to (hem morally. A young mind roust have recreation astrell ns a young body. The story hrlgliteflst Shi) refreshes it, brushes away the cobwebs thai will gather even at a tender age, nnd fits it to return with new vigour to its more serious work. Moid than that, it adds to the. child's information by ar-qtminlinghitn or her with certain phases of life, with manners and customs tlmt arc not taught- by mere history. By all means, then, let (lie children read' stories!. In nn: Twentieth Cbntftiy. — In the homo, the cooking stove and kitchen maid are no more. Clothes-making, soap-making, starch-making, laundry work, coffee-brown ing, yeast-making, butter-making— all arc gone. Srnid after them— or rather say Hint organised industry is njready l.aking Along with these— the remaining work of cooking and cleaning. Thia state of tilings is coming as sure as fate, and when it comes the deliverance will lie so great tlmt gene rations yet unborn ehnll rise up to bless Hie workings of this beneficicnt law. Tho city of the future will not build houses in squares, giving to every house nn indivi dual kitched atid prison-like back yard. It will rather build them all nrotuul nn opnn square, and tlic part now disfigured with'the kitchen will begiren over for a household sitting-room or nursery opening into a great, green space, where children shall play in safety nhd through which the free air of heaven shall blow into the houses surrounding it. In every square will be found a scientifically constructed building containing a laundry and a great kitchan, supplied with every modern appliance for skilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into evert' dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The indivi- duality'of tho home and the home table will be preserved, and tlie kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. The -bibyt-onfi!? horn— Why are our hours ond minuteB divided into sixty parts? Simply end solely becatlc ifi Babylon there existed, by the side of the decimal system of notation, another system, the sexagesimal, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for the practical s€ute Of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no uumW which lias 60 many divisors ns sixty. Tlie Babylonian way of reckoning tune was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional know ledge through tlie middle ages. and. strange to say, it sailed down safely over the Niagara of the French Revolution. For the French, when revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to tiie decimal system of reckoning, were induced by some unexplained motive to. respect out clocks and watches, and allowed odr dials lo rtmaiii sexagesimal— that is, Babylonian, each hoiif consisting Of sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and liow what wo call kiigwledce is the result of an unbroken tradition 01 a teaching descend ing from father to son. Safety re Consulted.— The lift, or ele vator. in German houses i" uot tfisplnyed ostentatiously; His behind iron doors', to he detected only by inspect ten, and is moved by clonlring chains. The deliberation ef the proceeding is its most distinguishing char acteristic. You stand in Ihe great hall of tiie hotel onu silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plcrtly Of time. Presently, from the unknown inte rior. iron doors fly open, and a soldicrly- iooking servant, with bras? button? on his Cap, preoccupied with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang ns they swing, nnd the lift is there, rather primitive, but- elaborate in construction. Pcrhapi there may be five passengers ready to get al»oard. When four have taken positions, the master of the elevator wards the fifth backward with the awful air of authority, and, if the rejected one is an American urgent (o go up at once, ho is tohl peremptorily that there are I daces "only for four." The iron doors are umged, theengine$ heave, nnd the masrivc mncliine moves. Safety is consulted ! Here is a masterly mechanism that might swing" a pair of elephants (if the size of Jumbo, but an attempt lo lift nt onefc mote than four persons would be regarded as all affront to tbe empire. The thing's impos sible. <!ajie op tub Finger Nails.— If care fully attended lo, the delicate half moon of the finger nail will iucrease in time, niiii even where it lias been almost obliterated, will grow to be very beautiful. Many p'-oplo think that piisfiiiig the tkin back from the nail will show it more, and by this practice the delicate hem, as wc call it, which holds the upj>er and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of the fingers hove an ugly, yellow growth encircling the nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Then the way in which the nail is cut can totaNj change the shnjie of the fingers. By cutting the llrtifs close at the sides and keeping the corners from adhering to the skin, hnug-nails can be avoided. Where the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling U necessary, nnd the nails should never bejiolished except when some oily substance is used beside the powder. This keeps the nttiis more pliable, and no matter how thin they are, if properlytreated, they are no more liable to break than richer one's. Another thing that is bad /or the nails is polishing them too roughly, They should be lightly touched nnd not rubbed until (bey become heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on the nail and mar ring its beauty. Life in LArniADon.— Tlic number of stockings worn by the >enple is often as tounding. Four, five, and sometimes a half dozen arc used inside tlieir sealskin boots. There is not lung striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in tlie mountain of clothing they bundle ; upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the women of Irish Gonnemara. But the Indian women of the south and tlie Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully ap parelled. Anything they con get their hands upon possessing gorgeous colour is used for decoration. They almost equal American women iu this respect. Perhaps this is more noticeable amoug tho women of the St Laivrcfice coast than with the northern Eskimos. The dress of tlie latter usually consists of huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from tlie neck to the knees, trimmed with white fur, a cap cuveloping the entire head, and a sort of baggy cape or hood hanging down the back, ut which tlieir fat little babies, are carried. Only amoug tlie half-breed women axe there forms and faces that are as attrctive as civilized folk judge these things. Tlie com pensation is here, however; tor nearly All ICskiino women will measure in girth what they will in height; and oli fonns of fat represent ihe Labmdorian idea of both utility and beauty. 