TRAVEL. VAMBERY IN PERSIA. FEw stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius Vambdry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a IHun arian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in quiries, le so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass fora genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to. get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly hlas one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night andt rest in the midlhours of the day. About an hour be fore setting out supperis eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part thari many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes his keschkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jahul jahakhl " and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After ihe has termi nated his round lie mixes all together, and he is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. "IIe las no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet he has enough," say the Orientals, " for his kitchen is furnished by God." From Kenaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station lHauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), whichl consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subter raneous acquceduct is conveyed. 1 When we had quitted Kenaregird, and 3 had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more 1\. romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipa tion that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky lhorizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is con ceivable enough to me that fearful souls a would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for le wrapped Shimself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, when we heard 1 from the distance a monotonous ring of 1 bells, and, as I soon learned, this was from a large caravan which had set out an hour 1 before us. We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had we advanced a lundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The Persians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; !!OUT WID UT,'~ SEZ It rOPR ItLL LAVE NO BONE AV YOU TWBRE,4CºADLE,.a and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. Hie called out to me, " o on, go on," and after a powerful spurring of his little ass, already hard enoughl pressed, he came up to me as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with cofllins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up wvith one of the riders. IIis nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moon light. In spite of the unendurable stench, I could not help asking him some ques tions. The Arab told me that he had already conveyed these drad ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before he could reach Jerbela, tie spot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of Imnam Hussein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenever means permit, they order themselves to be transported from the distant Khorassan to ierbela, to he placed in the same earth in which the beloved Imanm Hussein rests. When we had left the daravan of the dead with its choking odour far behindl us, I turned to take a glance at this weird pro cession. The beasts, laden with the long coffins, buried their heads deep in their necks; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on with hollow cry. Such a sight, in whatever neighbourhood, would be gloomy enouglh, but in the centre of the desert it was something indescribably mournful. Tie corpses often became mangled in a frightfiul fashion in their (supllsed) spot of eternal rest; yet tlio perslans have thoutght fit to maintain this custom for six hundred years. ,For whoever comes to Kerbela has the sweet hope of finding himself on tihe day of the Resurrec tion in the immediate neighbourhood of the holy martyr, and from hence, under his conduct, of passiing to the ever-green plains of Paradise. W'e reached IlHan-i-Sultan just at the rise of thie morning star, but nothing of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Kum appeared in the dis tance with its many green cupolas, thoe rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the i'ersian ladies. Here rests Fatimna, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in MIesched, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Kum, died, and lies buried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, but, in spite of this, iu the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is de scribed as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, liowever, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, lie told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neigllbourhood, I came in the evening to tile caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversationwith them, when one of my fellow- travellers called out to me, "Effendi, what are you about? You have been to- day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew ' Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. The poor children of Israel noted my kind ness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything tlat required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, and with joyous glance he looked around as lie described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan's rule. lie could not find words sufficiently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poor Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. Thile caravan encamped in the village itself, but I moved forward to agarden in thlevicinity to spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of an Iman). The graves of this Iman are very numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must have its saint. They improvise one, invent a legend and build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. This is immediately decorated with green tiles. Green is the colour with which the holy posterity clothe the head during life. Green therefore the llouse of the Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. Marvellous stories did he tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said he, "a 'ersian khan, who rested in this same place, and in a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior, when he sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. "Ay, Effendi," lie continued, " one must not sport with a saint." His look was. full of gravity as le related the tale, yet lie very soon made me understand that he expected a few pence, and when I handed them to him, he immediately went away. Our resting-place in "Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tschaparchane (post-office), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied building, of which the upper story is, nevertheless, only used as a chamber for distinguished tra vellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner I read a French quatrain, written by a fiery son of Gaul, who, after a fatiguing ride, had stopped to rest hero a few minutes. Ieo described his home sorrow with words full' of woe, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical discriptiions of Persls. Not far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed long shanked chairacters, in which a brave Teuton wished to immortalise himself; anid what do you sullppose, dear reader, lie had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of the Frenchman-and a pretty sharp one, too. The poor honest German ! The word-o01t Persian posters had shalak. pi hbaones to pieces. lie Wisleisd to reibso, and had not time enough to leave behind him an evi ence of the well-known solid information of his fatherland. From Kuhlrud the road leads up hill and then bends down in pretty abrupt slopes to the plains on the other side. The village of Sof as the nearest station. A uarg t part of. our journey lying over the billy lnighbour hood, the early mornwas not only cool, but cold and frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the snot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these:--Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mer chants, who joined us in Kuhrud; they mocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened ; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, lie wished, for an innocent joke as lie said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, he was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahiani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk ing. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of thie Sefevi, was a village named Murtscliechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendid building of its kind. As the town in the early autumn morning was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbalo that these same birds are found in the neighbourhood of IIdrat, Nischabur, and other towns, proving that it was a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani,' when lie.speaks of. the greatness of his native town, always cries out, "If Lahors had not had birth1 SInfahnin were half the earth.' Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town in the world after Lahore. To indi cate the circumference of thie town, the Persians state that a good rider could nob ride round it in two days. Thip is probably sixteen to twenty fassnrgs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming period when the French traveller Chardin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, and when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the 'cersian is hub Oriental, or what we call exnggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eyes of travollers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an end less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings are visible. The view seems illimitable. "Nothing," says Malcolm, " can exceed the fertility and heauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahan, naýd the first view of the city is sunpasinngl. striking. All the eye sees elarapt'ires one' sense. Groves, aymnl?eseluxuriant gardons, -pf 4hese t lre Is such an absolute over fl1w as hides the ruins of this once famous city. The nearer view weakens this im pression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration." In tile East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in the distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on relterpg tlhe town I found the same crgoiseit strcdts, tihe same poor hoslsee, tlp smle dirt and filth and unorendpil streets as in Teheran ash al ?Perlii states, To one man mnarriage is simply a fact of his life looked back upon with satisfactic? or regret, according to the pleasure sro d. comfit lie has experienced in it io ainothor it has opened up a n?w \vorld of responsi bility anst duly, as'* ell as happiness; it hrFs invested life with a sacred trust and a ificelds value, and has gi-hen a higher and nobler aim fdr all endeavdur than Puk~ have been gained.-without it. 