British land Foreign. Parisian Parlance, [raw oaa.owa oohbbjposdsot.] ri:'; Paeis, January 25. . OUTBBBAX OP JsWPdOBri.. Jewphobla , has broken out in the oapital. If that malady,Was Intendod to bi run. against theinfltieqsa, ontheprinoiplo that one nailarives j oat another,. theinatUr would merit attention. JU It is,~theSbtiseiaitid effervescence will proveaa evanesoent aa, say, odmmeroial boycotting on the part oi.tho,Portuguese. The Rothfchilds are nat in the odour of aanotity with the have note. .They havo made too muoh money, and ontdlstanoed,Christian, Atheistical, and Hindoo money-ohangere, and scrip.speculators, by their sneutil aptitude and mors instinctive business ability. Hr-.I)ramOQt, is the apostle of the peenularj erusade against the .lews. The question., ofr religion is not involved, as ■oolety .-.now leavee every man to look at Oodf from what angle.he pleases. It is not whenreceiving the Jew's money that the borrower: remembers the lender's oredo, but when her fails to return the loan. If the lender had been ft Gentile, and eoHpsed the Jew in the " shsnt-per- shent" business, the defaulting debtor would aever bare raised tho cry of re ligion. -lu order to esoape danger, the outtle fish squirts China ink, and disappears in its eloud like a god, •Wniwn of ras Roths chum. Napoteonyl. founded a school, at the palsoe of Mendoh. -for the eons of kings. His own lad, the King of Rome, was the first, and only, pupil enrolled. Roth- child ought to establish an aoMemytoteaohthosewhobavenoeornin Egypt how to 'procure it. His income, M. Drnmont oalouiatro would suffloe to support 6,008 indi viduals by girlng to eaoh 3franoa per day, or 1,000 francs, a year. M. Dromont'a inoome is 20,000 francs; so on bis Bide he could rapport 19 persohs at the same rate. In Franca the oru eadc against the JewB is sooialistio, not religious.\ The latter, aaa plank in any platform agita tion, would not hare the ghost of a chance of ■ueoess, hence why the weeping and gnashing of teeth fa directed, against wealth, as typified In the Israelites. The latter prefer to deal in money, that field being unoccupied when they entered it several oenturiee ago. If they select that mode oi earning their oruet to farming, manufactures, ho., they cannot be interfered with. The best protection of your own liberty is to stand up for that of others. Note : They are only, the rich Jows who are oratorically molested. ' 'An "old olo" Israelite is be neath notice, as he is below envy. _,z- In a Tictzbiso Moon. The French are now in what may be described as the ',1 tittering" mood, at the lookout of England,-,-by the strike of the Portugese officials, at Moxambiqne. Those who langh last are said to laugh .beet.; Freuoh opinion, wbioh is not axsetlyFreooh journalism, oommenoes to feel nneasy orer the Anglo-Portuguese oonfliot—so muoh Inflammable material is lying about in Europe. Xhere is a shade loss of newspaper bait ing of John Ball on the continent. ' Onlookers attribute/this sprouting oiroumspeotion to the settled belief of E □gland'h adhesion to the qoadrnple allianoe, as far as she can go, till the bond he signed, and that could be executed by telegraph—liko.a Papal benediotion. The com mercial treaty .exeouted between England and BQlgaria,-.follpwing swiftly alter the qnotation of the Bulgarian loan on the Vienna Stock Exchange,.are.two slaps in the face to Rossis. The Mnsoovite abstains from plunging into the PortaguMe imbroglio, and Spain Is not so babbling,.. Tub Bmnancxun Thsost. The oondaot of Portugal has revived the Blsmtroldan, theory, that there is no place nowadays'-. In " the world for either . small men arch lee'of little commonwealths. Hence we may expects wipmg-ont of some infiniment pttit on the oqnblnston of the next war. Por tugal may'be. considered ae down on the roster foe suolv attention. |8paln, which on twooocasions went halves with Franco for Portugal, Is hotly ambitious'to rank as a first-class Power. A ■itnation [in. politics might arise where her neutrality .oonld be pnrohased by preeenting her with 'Portngal, while the letter's foreign possessions would bo looked after by the other Powers, who generally agree over spoil not at their expense. Dura of Aosia. The demise of the Duo d'Aosta is another I instance that the influenza epidemlo when i fetal, alwai rs seizes debilitated" constitutions. Though only <fi years of age, the deoeased was frail, aathmatlo, and easily fatigned. Like his elder ibrother, the King of Italy, ho did not -' share the oat-door exercises of his father, -Victor Emmanuel. Thin his life was brokeo-daring his two years' crucifixion aa King el.Spain, and the death of his first wife as oneof.itsobnsequeneos.. He was an up right man, and a wood but not a remarkable soldier. .Beyond the grief it will causa the inner oirole* of Italian royalty, hl» death will not affeottfaa political situation. It was at one time bellsted that, the funeral having brought together 'Prinoe Jerome Napoleon and his estranged* .son; Viotor, a roconoilUtion would take plaoe between the dividod Bonapartiata. Booh appears, not to havo occurred. In any ease, Prinoe Jerome is gradually fading out of the political world, ana his eon Viotor is Tory far from riling in it. Franca seems resolved to abide by her nuriays de raison with the republic, and only demands to he scanred from external danger and home disturbiooes. She is, more and moro, oommenoing to live apart from politioa; wants to work, and to rest, and to bo freed from a portion of her heavy harden of taxation. In a little time the nation, not the politicians and tho journalists, hetwoen whom a wide gulf is fixed, will display as little interest in. the Egyptian, aa tboy do in tho New* foundiand ood and lobster question. Fbbxch Colonial School. The Under Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies 1 has inaugurated tho reconstituted Colonial Bohool. The.aim of this useful establishment is to give'a French education, to a select number of bom of native officials, chiefly from J?rench Indo-Chtna, and a seleot numbeb of French men, ohlefly law students, who desire to follow a olvil service career in the oolonies. From 1892, three-fourths of all the official Vscanoies in the oolonies will belong ■ the alnmni as a matter of right; the salary will be 3,000 to 6,000 francs per year, anything bnt exoessive. The professors giro their services gratuitously, and are men who make colonial studies a speciality. Other land able efforts are being made to popularise Frehoh oolonies. Unfortunately these efforts do not appear to make shy impression on the inertia of the French on the snbjeot of emigra tion. They stiok to home like limpets. Not do French manufacturers display energy or desire to ptish their business in distant markets, and never do they attempt to' open up new centres of trade. The presence' of English, Gorman, Italian, and American travellers seems to paralyse them. Ignorant of the language, manners, and. onstoms of foreign countries, the French' trader has to omploy as his representative educated foreigners. Ait Aii-aottrtD Soubskss. Life oontinaes to be rather doll, with occa sional spasms of animation. There is a' tendency to fall back on olnb aoolety, and there it a fashion coining into praotice of certain families handing together and fixing the number and the names of those who alone will be admitted within the oaste circle. It is only a repetition of an exploded, onsto.m, when friends were ranked in coteries, following.the days of the week, so that it was impossible for ever Bobinson Oru«oe to socially .encounter his man "Friday. Perhaps the inflnanaa has something to do with this. There can be no donbt that there is an all-ronnd sourness in the atmosphere, of France, and of a jt ne tais quoi diasatisfaotion. 