THE CORKSCREW GHOSTS. [By S. Walter Norris.) .bugene Kay and Hal Hart quickened their steps almost to a run as they approached each other on one of the prim little streets of Lsmon ville one morning, ' I have a plan for our trip at last,' Gene cried. 'So have I,' Hal responded exoitedly, 11 We'll take your boat and mv Donv — — ' ' And bitch them together ? ' 11 That's it. A regular canal-boat trip——' ' And we'll take my gun ? ' 'And my camera ? ' 'And stay two weeks.' Then arm in arm tbe two happiest boys in Alabama paced up acd down maturing their plan, and in Ibeb than a week the boat, the pony, and our heroes were making their way up tbe Corkscrew River. On a certain evening the craft waa made fast to the bank, beneath some overhanging branches, and after tethering Max the pony dose to the water's edge, Gene commenced preparations for supper, while Hal started off through the woods with amilkpail in the direc tion of a village} the smoke of which could be seen rising from among the trees at about half a mile's distance. The village proved to be an unpretentious little collection of houses clustered around a Eolitary country store, from the outskirts of which a few farms and old buildings seemed to have straggled off a bit into the woods and settled down in gloomy sclitude. As Hal approached the outlying houses he was particu larly impressed with the appearance of a deserted- looking building-, which seemed crouched, as if hiding in the gloom of a number of great ecragpy pine trees. In fact, the Bight of tbe old house caused him to unconsciously qnicben bis etepa as he psBEed. Entering tbe little country store he oould not but notice that he had interrupted a tete a-tete between the proprietor and a Couple of rough looking individuals. The latter soowled at him with euch evident earnestness that Hal felt an overwhelming desire to beat a retreat, and probably would have done bo had not the owner stepped forward &&d; asked him what he wanted. While the milkpail was being filled Hal turned to the still b cowling pair and pleasantly enquired the name of the vili≥, and whether they could tell if the etrange deserted-looking building down the road was occupied or not, acd for what purpose it was used. 'The village is called Corkscrew,' and answered one of tbe men sharply. ?' As for the house, if you know what's good for you, you won't be seen near it after dark. Nobody lives thtte. It's haunted.' Hal's interest was aroused, but the speaket addedi'good evening' bo suggestively that Hal creqeered bis cariosity, and after pajing for ths xl ilk returned to tbe boat. While eating supper in the little cabin of the craft .Hal recounted to Gene his experience of the evening. 'How would you like to investigate that taunted house ?' Gene suddenly asked, t 'When? To-morrow V' ?-'No; tonight.' 1 1' In the dark?' ' Certainly.' There was a moment of silence. Then Hal arose. ' Shall start cow ?'' be said quietly. Tee old house waB on the very outskirts of tbe village, alnioBt hidden ia the clump of sur rounding pine trees, and the boys approached very slowly and cautiously, keeping well in tbe shadows of the trees, and stopping every few BtepB to look about them in a balfexpec t&bt; and not altogether fearless way. Taey bad reached a poibt some 50 feet from the build ing when Hal suddenly eeiztd Gene's arm, ana said in a startled whisper — ' Look 1 Isn't that something V There could be no doubt of it* A white figure glided from among the treeB nearest the houee and disappeared around the corner of the building. The boyB moved nearer together and gazed with dilated eyes. & Gene was the first to recover. ' Of course it was a man,' he said in a not very steady voice, snd he seemed to apeak for his own encourage ncent as much as for Hal's. ? ' But they told me no one lived here.' For several minutes the boys remained in the shadow of a tree, prepared to beat a hasty retreat should anything occur, but there was no r -appearance of the moving figure. 'Dare we go a little nearer?' Hal asked faintly. Gene responded by advancing cautiously. Suddenly from out of the shadows of the old building a white figure slowly glided, ap parently moving a few feet above the ground, It carte directly towards the boys, but after reaching a point nearly half-way to the treeB it wavered a moment, and then, gliding quickly around the corner of the house, disappeared. Before either recovered from his stupefaction there waa a blinding iUtb of light, a deafen ing report, a dash of something cold in their faces, and the next moment they were flying through the woods as faBt as the darkness and tbtir legs would permit. Several seconds elapsed before the boys realised that tbe second cause fcr fear was ceither more nor leeB than a thunderstorm (the approach of which they had been too much in tetetttd and excited to notice), and they continued wbat was very like a flight until eately sheltered from the rain in the boat's cabin, Ite following day the rain was still failing-. Tbe experience of the previous e\ eniag might have seemed like some strange nightmare had it not been for their still damp olotning. Daring breakfast tley could talk of nothing bat tbe queer old honse, and their courage having re turned with the daylight each declared most positively hits disbelief in its ghostly qualities. « We can't continue our trip very well in the rain,' Hal said. 'If it clean this afternoon, let us go over and gtt a photograph of the old place.' This the boys finally determined to do, and about three o'clock they again started in the direction of the village, taking with them the pbctogtapbing kit. Even da; light did not rob the old building of its gloomy aspect. The boys felt its mysterious influence at once, bat a strange fascination had taken hold of them tbat they conld not resist. After carefully examining the front ot the honse they passed around to the rear, where they discovered a Bmall door made fast by a mity padlock, which was easily wrenched from Ub fMte&iBgt;, ind a moment later the boya were peering curiously into the gloom of the one large zoom. In the centre ot the apartment stood a rough table and aooupleof small stools. In one corner aoonhuion of broken barrels and boxes was piled, but otherwise the hjuse eeenned to be entirely vacant, ' Look here !' Gene said, with considerable empbaeiB. 'We know thegboBtsare here at night and we can't find them in the daytime, bo I am going to try to photograph them this evening by flashlight,' Hal fell in with the plan at'once. After placing the camera on the pile of odds and ends in the OQjDer, Gene focassed it as well as possible in order to take in the centre table, and then patting on the cap and slipping in the plate covered it with bite of wood aud straw, until nothing but the lenB could be seen. He then searched until he found a chink in the side of tbe builJing, through whioh he ran the flashlight fuse and deposited a little heap of flash powder opposite this opening. The preparations were then declared cam pleted, acd after removing the cap from the lens the boys cloBed the door, redrove the staple, and as it was growing dusk xetarned to the boat for supper. It was after 8 o'clock when tbe boys re turned to the clump of trees that Burrounded the building. There they held a little consul tation, and it waB decided that Hal should climb one of the pineB that overlooked the rear door, and that Gene, after touching off the fuse, shsuld scramble up and join him there. Very carefully Hal mounted to bis assigned position in the tree, and Gene, with a troubled mind, proceeded to approach the house. Hal, from his perch in the branches, saw him bend over the fuse, saw the little gleam made by the match in striking, saw him suddenly turn and make for the tree, and the next in stant he had reached down and helped him to a place beside him on the bough. How long it seemed to take the fuse to burn ! It surely must have gone out, they thought, with a pang of disappointment. They had almost decided to drop to the ground, when suddenly a thousand tiny gleams seemed to Bbcot oat from tbe old building. The boys clung trembling to the branch. They heard a muffled crash from within, followed by some quick exolamationB* then the door was flaag violently open and three dark figures carrying some indistinguishable articles ruBhed oat and vanished in the darkneBB. . The boys were almost wild. In their excite ment they grew utterly reokleas, Springing to the ground Gene plunged through the open doorway and groped his way to the camera. Seizing it and closing the slide as they ran they dashed off at full speed through the woods in the direction of the boat. On reaching the craft tbe little cibin was immediately closed to exclude the moonlight, and after lighting the red lamp the boys pro ceeded with feverish haste to develop the nega tive. They were still greatly excited, aud Gene's hand trembled noticeably as he poured on the developing fluid. 'There are only two things to fear,' he said ; ' the ghosts may not have been near the table when the flash took place, or whatever light they had in the room mayha^e spoiled the plate before the flash.' Eagerly the boys bent over the pan and gazed at the fibs, Five— ten— fifteen seconds passed with no apparent change. A whole minute had flown, when Gene saddenly cried— ' .See ! it's beginning to come.' A few dark spots were commencing to appear. Gradually they grew darker and more distinct, bringing into view three figures seemingly gathered around a table ; but to the boys' 'disappointment it was impossible to make out what they looked like or what they were doing. It was evident that they would have to wait till morning, when a sun -print could be made, before the mystery would be cleared up. There was nothing to do but to try to take their disappointment philosophically and wait. The boys went to bed immediately, bat it was a long time before they finally dropped off to Bleep. At the first peep of day Gene was up and had a blue print exposed to the rays of the rising sun. It was nearly an hour later when the print waB ready to be put into water. Finally it was finished. The boys were ou the tiptoe of expectancy. Quiokly they carried it on deck and gazed at it long and earnestly, Suddenly Hal gave a shout, ' They are the men l saw at the grocery Btore,' he cried excitedly. Gene did not answer for several moments, but continued to examine the photograph closely. At laBt he looked up. 'I'm going to take thiB to Montgomery im mediately,1' he said, trying to speak calmly.; .. ' What for ?' gasped Hal, I' Because,' Gene answered, with just the slightest quiver in his voice, *' I believe I can make out what these men are doing.' Ten minutes later Gene was riding Max at a gallop toward 'the city of Montgomery, eight miles distant, and four hours (later toe store keeper and his two companions were in the cub tody of the police on the charge of counterfeit ing. The boys of course remained over to the trial, which took place tiro days later, and aB a search of the homes of the men had revealed their dies and tools, the counterfeiters were immediately convicted and sentenced. The court in finishing up the case made a little epeecb, in which the boys were highly complimented, and to their utter astonishment were officially informed that they were the winners of a reward of five hundred dollars, which had been ofiered for the counterfeiters' arrest and conviction. After the trial the boys decided not to con tinue the trip, but to remain in Montgomery for a day ot two. During their stay they were lionised to their hearts' content, and before starting on their homeward journey the amount of tbe reward was paid over to them. One day alter their return home Hal sug gested to uene tbat they bad never discovered the identity of the ghost in white which had seemed to glide along a few feet above the ground at the old place. Gene smiled for a moment, and then said shrewdly — ' I wonder if one of the ghosts didn't venture outdoors in his shirt sleeves ?' The fathers of both boyB denounced the whole affair as a recklesB piece of foolbardineBB, but it was noticed on a number of occasions that they seemed almost as proud of it all as the boys themselves, in the rooms of both Gene and Hall hang Btrange little photographs of three men about a table at work with curious little tools, and when these pictures are noticed and enquired about by inquisitive friends the boys generally Bay, with pardonable pride. ?' Those are the Corkscrew Ghosts.' 