Sights oil the Southern Line. BERRIMA. Ir was with our speculation and interest aroused by a first rjerusal of ' Eobbery under Arms ' that we visited Berrima, which is destined to be chiefly cele- brated as having been the scene of the incarceration of ' Captain Starlight'- and 'Dick Marston,' the heroes of that some- what unreliable romance. It is strange that so much sympathy is excited by crime, especially if it be surrounded with the halo which the pen of the novelist is so prone to paint. One question kept forcing itself before us as we sped along that beautiful road which runs from Bowral, and gives isueh picturesque glimpses of the forest and upland which Rolf Boldrewood's creations must have traversed. It was this : < Wheii will a taking book of Australian fiction appear, unconnected with that horrible cloud of: convict life and bushranging, without which thc novelist's brains seem to become paralysed ?' What must English-'. speaking nations think of a country with apparently no recorded past but that of crime ? We want the touch of a Howell to bring out all the interest and pathos of the bushman's every day life, and shed over the dogged fight with fate that is the lot of the selector, a romance, essen tially Australian, yet full of the richest colour. It is a singularly pretty road from. Bowral to Berrima, up over Oxley's Hill, past fields that once were yellow : with waving corn, Avith the ruins of old homesteads which were habitable before the rust crushed the vitality from the soil. I Well may the farmers sigh for some remedy which will ?once more turn these stret- ches of upland into profitable account, for the danger not .only threatens a district, but menaces the whole flour jjroducing capabilities of Australia. ' I don't want iio Guv'ment 1 to do anything for me,' said a sturdy yeoman, as we travelled the road together. 'I'll pay, and the other farmers'll pay too, if they'll just start a' hexperimental farm up our way.' And we honestly believe that there are many of his calibre in the agricultural districts, who, if they only knew how to set about it and could spare the time, would have farms established for the purpose of getting at the bottom of this blight, which seems each year to be falling more heavily on the land. Berrima is situated about five miles from Bowral. In the old days when the main road to Wagga traversed it, and before the railway was constructed, it was a place of considerable importance. As in Australia the prosperity of a township is generally Judged by the number of hotels it contains, our readers will grasp some idea of its past glory when we say that there were once no less than fourteen. To look at it now one. can scarcely imagine where they found trade to keep them going. "With the exception of two, they have vanished, and "With them the fame of Berrima, as a commercial centre, has utterly departed, but we are credibly informed that in those days it was a by no means uncommon' thing to see sixty teams camped there, on their way between Sydney and the southern diggings. Anyone acquainted with the habits of the festive teamster can imagine that he did not fail to make things lively. ? To-day the roads are innocent of the track of the bullock-dray; the grass is .growing in the streets; the police court, with its massive Corinthian front and thick walls, looks green, with age and damp, as if it, too, had happily outlived the times -* when it was considered essential to law and order. Once Berrima was the only assize town between Sydney and Wagga, but report says that its people incurred the wrath of one who was high . in the land, and the consequence was that the assizes were removed to Goulburn, and Berrima fell back for fame upon the huge gaol, which now stands in its midst, where prisoners are made to undergo that silent system which they all dread so much. But, for all this, Berrima's decline in prosperity has by no means lessened its value in the eyes of those: with whom quiet and the picturesque finds favour ; in fact it would be hard to point out any spot in which the -past is better represented or that peace seems to have marked more especially for her own. As you descend the hill which leads from Bowral, where the evidence of convict labour is almost indcliblj'- recorded by those pick or chisel marks on the way- side stones, which are so familiar to most inhabitants of Southern Australia, you pass farm-houses which in the quaint outlines of their roofs and general structure bear token of their antiquity. To the left, as you gain the' outskirts of the township, is The Town of Berrima, from the old Lock-up. the river, fringed with well-grown willows, turning abruptly towards the hills in middle-distance and affording pretty glimpses of distant homesteads. To the right is the massive Court-house we have already mentioned, and alongside it the huge jail, which is now the one pièce de resistance of the locality. Almost opposite to you is a triangular patch of common, on one side of which stands the English church, a substantial stone building, evidently of some age, surrounded by well-; grown specimens of the pinus insiff ni s, so common to the district. A second side of this open space is occupièd by the ruins of the original police quarters, which are similar to the remains of other convict camps, a pile of roofless buildings with the marks in the walls still extant where those gates used to swing that shut in so much that was utterly wretched and hopeless. It is almost impossible not to sympathise with the misery connected with those wicked old days, when injustice and brutality were looked upon as matters of every-day moment, and it is gratifying to see that a new order of things has arisen almost on the ruins of the old, in the silent system adopted in Berrima Gaol. The old building, where Boldrewood's heroes are supposed to have been confined, was built in eighteen hundred and thirty three, but it is almost impossible to recognise in its present" proportions what it could have been like when Starlight and Dick Marston honoured it by escaping over the wall ; in fact, we have every reason to believe that it was by no means as secure as it is to-day. Up to the year 1861, the supervision exercised at Berrima was much the same as that of any other of Her Majesty's gaols, and then the treatment known as the ' silent system ' was intro- duced. When prisoners are sentenced to long terms of imprisonment, the first nine months are passed at this prison, and here they are not allowed to speak to a soul-not even a warder, except in the way of business. During the first six months pf their sentence they are allowed one hour's recreation per diem, in enclosed spaces which adjoin their places of confinement, into which they pass singly without being able to address anyone. These narrow yards are spread fan-shaped between the wings s of the prison, and are constructed in such a manner that although they can hear the foot-beats in the adjoining enclosure, they; can see no human face, so that perforce they are obliged to fall back upon the .. misery of their own thoughts. To an educated man, perhaps, this description of confinement may possibly be a more acute punishment than to one who is ignorant, for he has full leisure to consider the height from which he has fallen ; but then again it must be granted that such men have more resources in thought than their less fortunate compeers, so that at least they have some solace to keep them from becoming almost insane under the awful strain of silence imposed upon them. But with the ignorant it must be different. Theirs is but the one idea of freedom, with, its accompanying gratification of their brutalised senses, and to such the confine- ment must bring its full weight of .. punishment. This much, however, has been definitely ascertained, that the silent system is terribly dreaded by all classes of malefactors ; that the minds of some have given way under the strain j . but in the opinion of those most competent to judge a mistake has been made in allotting the eaidy term of a prisoner's sentence to this method, when there is. ample time tc forget its effects in thé latter portion of theil sentence, which is but child's-play in com- parison. Were the last nine months to be served at Berrima instead of the first, it is deemed, highly probable that the recollée tions of its teïïoïs would prove ft strong' deterrent against crime, and a greater pro- portion of prisoners would be saved from a subsequent life of crime. Once they pass beyond the prison gates, they come into contact with others of their class, their minds become contaminated, and the lesson learnt is lost. In the matter of first offenders especially, the silent system is an excellent measure ; and were such criminals kept from future intercourse with others more hardened than themselves, with whom the gravity of a crime is merely a matter for admiration, in whose society they learn to look lightly on deeds their own minds would otherwise hold in utter horror, it is highly probable that they would for-the future be turned from their former evil courses, and might become honoured citizens in a world where they had formerly been despised. . - The present Governor of the Berrima Gaol is Mr. john - Paton, who has had thirteen years' previous experience at "Deniliquin Gaol, and teri years at Port Macquarie. This gentleman has control of a staff bf twénty-f our officers. To show the quietness and order which exist in the Berrima district, it is only ; necessary to state that . three police, under the i charge of Sergeant Fowler, are all that are reqtiired. We have had occa- sion to refer to the exterior of the old i Court-house at Ber- rima, that teems to- day with its convict t associations that com- pel the mind to wander back to a time when Australia was looked upon as ling land's rubbish-heap, where all the worst and most worthless of her criminal ele merits were deposited. The freemen followed in due time; but even thea the condition of things was execrable. Now it was our privilege to accompany Sir Henry Parkes on his late visit to Berrima, where he was received at breakfast, in that very Court-house, by the leading gentry of the district round. It was a happy, unconven- tional meeting, and there could not have been more than one hundred and fifty present, at the utmost 5 but they had come to see Sir Henry and to hear him speak, whilst we wondered how the old ghosts that frequented the spot felt on the sub- ject. He spoke of Federation and the glories that lay before this fair country ; he spoke of a coming day when Australia would be a mighty nation-one which had . grown from the ashes of an old world. The question whether, at the time that ancient hall was built, a single soul dreamt that, within" a century, the land that was despised would have risen in her strength, that the past would be practi- cally forgotten, and the people on the point of meeting in such a bond of union that would eventually lead to their becom- ing a power on the earth. 