SOVEUST. I THE | Crime of a Countess; OB, Tbe Imsksa and tbe Ensaan liMfisl By KICK CABTEB- CEAPTZS. S3LV. | ? A EACE FOB A LIFE. f Wat left the plsct as rapiijy a he dared and a; tbeestrxree bad tL- esasiffsctjoii, if it j was cue, c i seeitg Sets jat driving away in I tie carriage of tbe gran t d&ke.; ' He did do? krow wiere see was goinr. on, wit£ tie aatrea ic cer bear? for poor Vera, tbe casii-s were ti&x.; sbe go at once to tbe ic-Ttre£&, so h&re; tbe Czars crael order execcted. It Wucld net do cndei tbe tirccmstanre to mL tbe risk of her not going, go be found a hack as qslcklr as he coaii and bade tbe driver zo 2Ake Lis best speed to a point tiesr the ocarry. Giritg the mas several rocblegas an in- dncemetit lo hcrry tie sat back in the vehicle and eagerly watched for sm- sign of Sofia, woo had &r; this time passed oat of his sight. He soon came cpon her as sbe was not anting Witt any great haste, hat he knew he mast pass her if ise hoped to reach tbe for tress in time to be cf any nee to Vera. It was literal ly a race for a life that he was engaged in, and as yet the odds were seriously against him- Bet all tbe time as be rode be was ttenfriwg wn thinking. It seemed as if there was nothing to do bat make the best speed be ronid trttst that he wocld be in time. Bat :: tferer suited Wat 10 leave anything to chance He preferred to bare all things under a careful direction where it waa dg£- Bble, He most bare, ar least, half-an-hoor start of tic'fia, or it was more than iiktiy that he would not be able to save Vera.. And save her he was determined, if it was in the power of How cuoid He gee nsn-OT'tioiiraireaa'or £ofia! Toere she wasT an aierc, veogefnl womany riding behind a pair of the most spirited and fieet horses in all St. Peter- sborg If be shoold make tbe least show of pas ting her sbe wooid he most likely to have some suspicion that tuere was something wrong, and then be woald be distanced in a twinkling. Even to get there at tbe same time would be aa had as not getr'ng there at all. Since ii was at the be£t a risk, he bad better make an attempt now. He leaned his head oct of the window. Driver-" "Tee, fir." "Do tod see that carriage ahead V Tne grand cake s ! Ye s, sir." " Catch it. I want to speak to the occu pant." Tbe driver whipped hia faoz&ea;, and as they went along Wat made a few rhyngpi in his face, go teat in case the connKse shoold re member him &g; having been in tbe ante chamber with Gres&er; sbe would be de ceived. Tbe res alt proved that Wat's fe&zs; in case of trying to pass tbe ooontes were not foolish. Ko sooner did tbe so and of the horses feet behind her reach her ears than she leaned oct and loosed back at tbe parsning car riage. at was prepared for this, and instantly waved his hanoaerchief. Sofia, after a moment of indecision, spoke to her driver, and he drew op. Wat was moved to admiration of the woman's quick wit when he saw that the driver, at a word from her, turned bis horses so that they blocked the way across tbe street, for tber were still in the out skirts vi tbe town. ' Hat's driver drew op near the other car riage, and Wat jam pea oat with eren appearance of basve; and, first throwing a bandfai of roabits to tbe driver, ran over to where Sofia sat, regarding him with 'a stern air of suspicion. ' Tbe grand duke wished me to tav,1 whispered Wat, breathlessly, "to please harry to the fortress and transact jour business there as quickly as possible, as dresser nas been received by his master »nn was making ao impression on him ; also to sen j bis carriage back without keeping it a minute, as be wished not to have his part know if possible." 1 ' Who are yoo ?" demanded Sofia. A confidential eqoeny in iusservicend one of tbe initiated, answered Wa£» awr bis breath. "Very well,5' answered Sofia. But Wat, without seeming to notice her looks, sprang with great agility to the driver's seat and settled himself, as if that was what be bad been bidden to do. Sofia looked for a moment as if sbe would order him down, bat thinking better of it, bade tbe driver bony. The latter did so, and Wat at by bis tide as carelessly as if he bad nothing at stake in the iesse of this drive. As for Sofia, she. soon forgot the man on the box, and, bnried in her own thoughts, tapped tbe Sodr of the carriage fmjmtientiy with ber foot. ' Qaicker !" she said, at l«t. And Wat, who had been fltndying.how be should make a beginning, cangfat at tbe opportunity nod repeated to tbe driver z fdjnfcfasrr " " - "V i At- the itamae tune he aiatc&ed; the wnip fioa tbeiiahiasd and brafsgfafcit down with a. creel cart cm tbe borsss. "What .are yoa doing 7 estikimed tbe driven arid thai bis Attention was lakes np with trying to calm tbe Soy uimtY. little osed io soSk txesczsect. bad aot eem Wat's acrion,a&n; only knew sbe 111"" vss beoonas as- mmgabh Bet die was toomtK scazstnmed to fccEBBis to iiaraed, sad oalj held more firmly to tbe side of the carriage. War brongbt tbe whip fiovainfiie angry boots, and tius time tbg fairly iopti into the air. and taking the bits into thexr tredi, broke into a mad gaBopu The driver had only rime for a reproach- fid glance at Wat, and tbes began that bopeies sawing at tbe hits which as so familiar to every Lpeewriuv cf a zsnawsy tearn. S?£a now saw that the lmias bad nrromr and tbocgbehetzmeda Side pale, said nothing bat waited for what wosM happen. MGive me tbe reins,7 said Wat, takfing them 05 main force fun the heads of tbe frightened driver. Wat slackened tbe reins as if so take a befis hold, and tbe bosses feeling the free dom. became more ootngeoas. Tee carnage rocked and swayed in a fzigntfel manner. The driver in his alarm made ready tn leap ! from the box, bst Wat bade him fcppp fats seat in ssch a tone that rite man obeyed mm. A little farther on, Wat bt a ditch at the side of the road, and toward it be directed ; the f&rioos; fanress. Too mad to notice where tbey were goings they plcnged right into it, and in an instant 1 the whole eqmp≥ was a wredc. Fortsxmtely, nobody was severely bun, as i Wat made haste to ascertain, i The driver was indeed stenned, bst tbe ' cscnos was oely frightened, and Wat had no diffetity ist exuicating her from the I rains of toe carriage. And. except for & few brass, tbe bornea were cot materially injured. With an appearance of great eStiency. Wat worked himself, and directed tbe people woo fiocked arcane, until he had got one oors free. He had cut sbe b&mess; all to pieces in bis efforts ec gel the ssmgziing animal oct of its citch, so that &U; it had cm was the bridle. Toe driver by ihis time had recovered his wits, and was fosaly cpbtaiding Wat for the mischief he had cone. Si'fia, who had. been watching Wat with hardly restrained wrath, no sooner beard the driver's words than a quick ssspicion ««« her, and, with vr&thfal; eyes, she zxng to ward bim. and exclaimed : ' Tea say it was his fecit ?" w TtS, grftiatp ; he took the whip from me and lasoed tbe horses until they were fcrioas/ Wal bad kept bis eyes on tbe coontess all tbe time, and now, as be saw her torn angrily to some of tbe as if to order them, he sprang on tbe horse he had freed. I will go for help, madam 1" he sbocted, as he pat heels to the horse, and went away in tbe direction of the fortres. The other horse by this time had been freed, and was standing, trembling, with tbe bamsss hanging on it all awry. Wat, locking aroand, saw tbe cosntes by the tide of the bone, tearing the harnes from bis back 44 As I live. I believe she is going to have me followed No — she is going to follow me herself. She will not trcst anTbodr but herself to cany the message of death.7 He was right. The coaste£ bad grasped the idea that it waa a rase to deprive her of her revenge, obtained at soch a cost, and, like the faryshe was, had determined to ride the horse herself rather than ran the of losing what wag, after her love for Ivan, the dearest passion of her heart. Wat saw her mounted on her horse, saw hereetostst fall gallop after him. riding with the fearlessness of an. Amazon, He had a good start, and, riding as well ag she did, he coold nevertheless get more oat of hi£ horse than, the oat of He could not gain balf-an-boor, but he wocld do tbe best he could, wnd by rapid work xmgbt yet save the girl If he found tbe passage readily, and every thing worked as easily as Gresser had said, he might ; ' — — At any rate, it was now or never, and he rode as if bis own life depended on it. And S?fia pursued htm sa only bate pursue. It seemed as if sbe had emelled the blood of her victim, and thirsted for it. Woold sbe drink it, or woe Id it be snatched from her CHAPTER XX VX F20U OtTABBr TO FBI603T. Wat arged his horse to the very limit of its speed, and as they were now ont , of the settled parts of the city there was no danger in doing so. Sofia followed with a fnrions determina- tion,'which kept her nearer to him tfaun Wat liked. Still he could see that he vie gaining qq her, and before they came in tight of th> fortress be was out -of she reach of her eye. As soon as he was aware of this, he Ewept aronsd toward she quarry and, alighting gave the horse a sharp dap, which sent it on past the fortress. A quick glance around showed that he was sot observed, and he at oggg slipped down into the quarry excavation. This took him out of the range of Sofia's vision woen she shoold rarpf nearer to the fortress. The tree spoken off by Gresser was munis- I takabie, and Wax made for it without moment of delay. , Indeed, Sofia was bo imw to biln teat it was nor doubtful if he would be able to teach tbe room in which Vera was confined before ehe did. However, he leaped up into tbe tree to tbe limb indicated by G-reEEer, and crawling -out upon it, Bought the groove mentioned. He found it without difficulty, and pulled on it. The rock rolled back ae had been described, and be leaped in and closed it again behind him. He took time to light his tiny deteetiye lantern; although he knew every moment its valuable. But he knew be would waste mote time without a light than with one. He now harried rapidly along, and reached the end of the passage without any diffi culty. The ring was plainly in Eight, aud without hesitating or waiting to hear, if possible, what was going on in the room above, he caught it and pulled. The comer of the room swnng aside, leav ing a hole large enough for a big man to pass throng. Wat knew there was not a second to lose m bs eprang Jo through the opening, and glanced about the room. The move-nent of the atone bad beat so silent that Vera had not been disturbed by it, and it was only as Wot sprang into tbe room that she raised her bead from a book she was reading. At the same moment Wat's quick ear caught the sound of feet in the corridor out side. Vera started for a moment, and then was about to scream tor help. "Hurts! Kot a word I come from Iran, to save you l" Vera looked at him wildly, but neither spoke nor moved. Use steps were now chwe to the door. There was not a moment to loee if he hoped bo get Vera away. . There wa« no time to explain orget Verak cceopeistum to n. flight. , sr He mnsttake bexawayby force. He jumped to her side ai the very moment that the toy was taining-in tbe iocA. Taking her in his arms, he put his hand over her mouth to stifle ber attempt to ray out, and carried ba te the opening, and not ain-too gently thrust her into it. Then be sjang down himself, and closed | the opening just in time to cot off the cry of 'terror made by Vera wben the found herself east into what seemed to ber a dark dungeon. ' A h"i noise in tbe room just left told Wat be bad not been a second too soon. Kodoebt there was great coofhrton in tbe room, hot only a lirtie of it penetrated to where they srood. -Comel'ssid Wat. "Who are you! What do you want?" demanded Vera. "I am tbe American detective. Tleirtm. Hare yon forgotten me so soon I "Oh, she cried, joyfully, "now I know your idee, but 1 did not recognise yocr face, mid yoa came man me so suddenly that I was frightened. How do you come herein sscb a mvfteriooE wayf Is Ivan well TT " Tee, Iran is "ell - but wemcst get awar from bere to the opening of this passage. But, stop 1 How lone is.it since you were visited by any of tbe prison officials f "Aboctanbouragq, when one of tbe men came no take tbe dinner dishes away." "Then they will know you cannot be far a.ay. Hark! They are rounding the walls now. . Wat listened tor some time until he was ; satisfied that tbe way into the passage had not been discovered, and then he led Ten to tat farther end of the passage. He knew veil enough that it would not be safe to venture out until night, and not even then without Vikuig t very precaution against capture. Sofia would be sure to connect bim with the escape and wooid have every avenue guarded. The escape of Vera meant the lass of Ivan, out tor woman's wits would be sharpened to avert tbe euastiopbe. When they reached the entrance to the passage, Wat- opened the ruck a very little and teen they cocid bear the booming ot the gen which proclaimed the escape of a prironer. Descriptioof of tbem both would be scat tered broadcast over the country sad liberal tea suit offered tor their recapture. SiOTement abroad wou'g therefore be fraught with the utmost danger. Toey might have stayed where they were but few one thing. If it had not already suggested itself it soon would that the very character of Ten's esespe made some secret exit from the room necessary. Consequently there would undoubtedly be a search made for Eoch an exit, and tbe walls of toe room would probably be torn away. Discovery in that case would be inevitable; and then, if tber were in the pasrage, they would certainly be discovered. Still, there was no choice but to wait tor night to come ; and preparing himself for a struggle if the need were. Wat sat down and pasted the time recounting to Vera the events of toe time ehe had been in prison. Nor did be now conceal from ber ber own danger in being captured. She bad been kept in ignorance of the tote in store for her, and though she felt sick at the thought of what she bad escaped, she was only imbued with the more courage to resist captnre. Wet had not overestimated her brave spirit, and he was not at ail surprised to hear ber act tor some weapon to at once defend herself or, if need were, kill herself rather than again toll into the cruel hands of the government. He gave ber his dagger. " Ah," she sighed," if I were only safe in America, with Ivan by my side?" " Ton shall be. Do not doubt it- I am sure we shall evade tbem and get safely ont of this accuraed country. Upon my word I do not wonder that there are nihilists in a land where life and death, sorrow, suffering, and shame, are mere playthings in toe bands of one " 'S-mtiwlwi fn,T> ' " How shall we ever pay yon for what you have already done, cot to speak of what you propose to do f " Ivan's father will settle my bin, an- not y torar service." " Well, let n wait until Ivan's bride asks me to name my own reward. If she re members it then, I shall have it ready to name." "Do yon think I shall forget how you have risked your life so nhbly to save mine I" " Spare my blushes, countess." "Ton are l»nghfn at me, and I am in earnest," Wat was laughing, though he was in any thing but a laughing mood. He was desperately anxious, indeed, for the result of the adventure, but he did not wish Vera to lose hope, and so he made a pre tence of ligfatnes of heart he did not in reality feeh CUAPTEB XXVII, STHTLIST OB SOLDIEB. At different times during toe afternoon they saw through their air- bole an armed guard pass on the upper side iff the quarry, showing that all the environs of the fortress were being guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would have been no sense in placing guards in such out- of-toe way places. Several tones during the few bonis before dark Wat had run back to toe end of the passage to learn if any attempt was yet being made to discover a secret way out of the room. If any attempt was being made it was where Wat could sot bear it, tor it was not until dnrtitPHs bad toddy cone tost be heard toe unmistakable sound of a pick In the room. The moment the sound reached his ear he EBB fascfe mOarmwi " We must take our chances now and go, for they are at the door of your room." " I sin ready. And have no fears for my courage. lam only a weak little woman, but I can be brave." " I do not doubt it." He first stole out toreconnmter. Climbing the tore iff toe quarry on toe side where he bad seen the guard pass so often, he waited for him to come around. Tbe soldier came at Ids regular methodi cal pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but tbe man lurking along .toe edge of the quarry. A sudden plan entered Wat's bead. The soldier came nearer and nearer, and Wat drew himself np into a heap that re sembled anything but a human being when seen through toe (doom-. vnemah was hot-three yazda off. Now be was by tbe very side of toe motion less beap. . If be saw.it ai all he paid no attention to it. ... He bad passed Wat. And now, like a tiger-cat, toe detective on him and hiimj,ie.MmiiwMgliii|TS, tbe ground. ' To bind him, gag him, sod jben carry him around to where be could with him into tbe quarry, , waenotalongtBak. He left him yiwAw the aalwui-iiw,'! then went up tor Vera. ; Her he left at the farther mde iff toe quarry, first ieUing her what toe Wag gcsng ft> do in order that toemht not be alarmed what toe mm a rohUer Mpiauariiuighfr. - ; He robbed tbe man iff Ins ooat, bat, amd rifle, and, retnrning io Vera, £tax ted out with bett He led the way, while toe followed dose behind bim- Hw present plan was to get as tor away from the tomess as pomible. He knew that every avenue of escape not of tbe city would be well guarded, but near toe foctress all the exits would be particn- Hlir well cared for. 3S»ey proceeded in this way for some dis tance, and Wat bad begun to that he would reach toe thickly settled part of toe city without detection, when be suddenly fmmd bjwwtf by a sentinel, who demanded : "Who goes there f" Wat's only answer was a Mow with the hatt of bis rifle, which laid tbe soldier at toll length upon the ground. It was tbe only thing to do, but a dan gerous thing. iievertbeteeE, for bere tbe streets had an occasional passer, and one iff tbem might take it into his bead to inquire into the cause iff tbe fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, bow- ever, Wat hureied on, with Vera holding by his aim. Presently they could bear a shot fm m a rifle, and they knew that somebody bud found tbe sokiier in tire street. Taking Vera under his arm, Wat almost ran uetil be saw some people ahead iff bin, when he changed to a walk, though not yet giving ap ber urn.. Now they coda bear an alarm sounded by the local watch, and they knew that in a few moments tbe street would be alive with soldiers. And worse yet. the rifle of some guard was now fired fire times in rapid succession, con veying too evidently some sort of inteili- gence to every sokiiEr witbm bearing of tbe sound. The outlook was a desperate one, but it was not unexpected by iff the fugitives. " If it conns to the worst," said Vera, as they hurried along, "do you save your self. There is no need for both of rs bring caught-". "It bis not come to the worst yet. I never see the end till I reach it Aa tor leaving von, tint is oct cf the question. While I Bve I remain with you, tor capture now means a horrible death." \- 1 shall not be captured. I have your dagger. What is that 7 " Three soldiers. Let them look to Iter lives now. I have avoided killing, but if it be a choice of their fives or mine, I will try. to It tbeus." "Who goes tteref cried cat iff toe soldiers at right of the-couple. " Only a comrade on a spree- Let me pass or Fil be in a scrape." They were in the lighted afreets now, «»< people were plenty in tbe windows "»< doors, but none in the street. At (he first sound of thealann they had all been ordered indoors. " let cs see this comrade," said one of the men, advancing close to Wat. — All of you look at me- One of you may know me," He advanced quickly toward than all, for he did not want them to separate or to have hia at other than close quartern. They peered suspiciously at bim as he came up to them, but he gave them no rim. to act. As soon as he was near enough he sud denly raised his rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed toe man's nose and stunned bim. Then, before any of toe others could do anything, he swnng his gun about and let it fall with stunning efleet on the bead of toe nearest. As quickly as this was lone, however, toe third 'soldier had tone to recover ins wits. He raised his gun and, taking quick aim, fired at Wat. The hall passed through Walls clothing and carried away a piece of flesh. He frit the smart, and not knowing bow badly be was hurt, sprang at the m»« who had retreatec a step, and tolled bim. with a crushing blow. By this time other eoldlera had been at tracted by toe noise, and their steps could be heard rapidly approaching. Tbe end of their flight am-mcd close at hand, and tbe brave little countess, true to her determination, had drawn hr dagger, to die rather than be csptnied for the and fain it fill 111 " »' - ' V desperate attempt, dashed into one of tbe bouses, through the men standing there, dragging Vera sfter bim ' As soon as he was in toe hall he tamed and caught the countess in his arms, and I up the stairs. He heard a step behind him, and when he reached tbe first landing, hmiad quickly to strike the man down, " Hold i" whispered the man. " What's your crime?" "Nothing. W e are escaping from prison." What charge ?" "Nihilism " " Are yoo guilty ?" " No, but we vrill be if ever we get our freedom- Curses on Eucfa a government," " Ton are not a soldier?" "Ko; X stole the coat and hat when I es caped." ' Will you rish your life on tbe truth of what yon say f" "I will," " And the womanls I I speak for myself," said Vera, baldly. "I do not know who yon arena what you catrdo for us, but I swear to you that I win henceforth do my utmost against the in famous government fiat, without a bit of proof and without a ghost of atrial, wocld condemn me to the knout to giwiiiy the malice of a vile woman." "You are Vera Bsdolinski?" "lam." - I will detain you no longer; said the man, with a sudden coldness. "Stop!" aaid Wat, You are about to make a total mistake. Ton can save us. Do so, and I will explain to you what will save your society annihilation. "Who are you?" "X am toe man who informed the Chief of Police that the Czar was to be killed. " A traitor T "5o;s irnai of a patriot aa you. There 1 Do you hear 7 The guard is at toe door. Will you save us and your country, or will you let us be taken 7" "Camel If yea have deceived me, your fife will he worth less than it is at tola wa meat." CHAPTEB XXV 111. OKCE VOSE WITH Ttrw wtott.totk. The man ran ahead of them up toe re maining Sight of staire, and into a room. He opened a clcBet in the room, and going into it, bfckohefl toqg tofoBpw jam. 3%eydideo,andhe shut toe door.' The noise of toe soldiers on the stairs was plainly to be beard. - "Come with me. - The man took hold iff Wath sleeve, and Wateaugbt Vera by toe arm. . - . Uiey passed tfaroughaeart of doa;nad then they beard faint dick AJwyS Qw, Tbeir Conductor iow rqvuied m!lW fejjjg whirhlfri into a room in which .&mily; grotqa : "Ogarefi!" end toe tuL „..i.„i- Wfeboutawred. ' And this vmreptoted£j__1 S. "Where are toesotVb. w» - for tbe HEtemsn turned j .? You stto:vnar fake jwtr d«ws witb t5i: n,_ Weareas menriemtotraitnrsas tbeCsar h tetoenBnBsts." "We are not tmtoxs- We will go with ynut If yuu Give us, we cut no less ssre you. Lead the way The man opened the back door; and, first pi i lint caunomly around, ran across the i yard, bugging tbe fence as he ran. Wat and Vera followed bis example, and well alongside of him in a second. Atumhicsdown Ehanty stood in the rear of the yard, and it was into this that the man Jed tbem. There be stopped again, and addressed teem solemnly ; " Toe have iindsteil on coming here, sod I i have so more ro say no that score, hot I ' warn you thai you are taking your lives in your own hands." " We are aware of that, and do nut fal ter." . Banning a baud from the back end of tbe shanty, the man passed through to tbe i other side, and when they had followed him j replaced the board. They fosnd themselves in stable, a rather the rear end iff a stable, where all the refuse was pled up. Picking Ms way through tbe dirt, toe man took them to a ladder leading to the J1 : Dufcas it was down there, he had no diffi culty in (risking bis way, and again he took Wat by tbe sleeve, while Wat led Vera. Wat could indrstrncrlv make out that toey were approaching the opposite wall, but that was alb When they reached there, the m«n felt about until he had found what he wanted,' and that he pressed with his finger, Wst surmise that it was an electric belL He was toe more sure of it w hen he saw him, a moment later, press it with the vary ing regularity of a signal. Presently a part of the waQ seemed to melt away, and they were led into an apart ment beyond. Here thgy woe challenged by a muffled voice, sad their guide answered : "Ogareff. Two strangers pursued by the soldiers and claiming the protection of our society. A man and a woman. Man a stranger, but claims to have given informa tion against those who lately tried to serve their coao try. Woman Von Badoliraki. "Let tbem wait here." There was an absolute silence for s. few minutes, save for toe slight Loise made by the three persons breathing. Suddenly there was a stream of light shot across toe apartment, which Ml so on tbe two fugitives that anybody properly situ ated could stody their faces. It was evidently for such a purpose that toe light had been set upon them, for in a few minutes a voice said : . "Conduct them." " Come," said their leader. And they followed torn through toe dark. ne» once more, and through another door. They beard a clicking behind them, and then of a sudden a flood of light illumined toe room where they were. They found themselves in a large room almost filled with men and women in masks. i It was a weird and uncomfortable right to feel themselves being Etared at by so many pans of eyes without bring able to see a single face. Vera clung to Wat ss if she felt that now everything depended on bim. For she fully realised that there was to be a war bf wits. Several minutes paseed in a silent Ecrotiny by toe assemblage. At last one of than said : " The woman is Vera Badolinski, accused of the murder of her brother and of brings nihilist. The latter charge is untrue, for she istoeenemyafthenildliEts.'' Vers at fin withdrew from Wat, and said i with a noble ail z 44 The former charge ia untrue, and until this night I acknowledge I have been toe enemy of the n»hnirf_ Now I am his friend." "Why?" Because, being a victim of the govern ment, I can see the better the justice of your cause." u Who is the man?" Wat stepped forward, dropped the rifle be hmfl|helfl in his hand, threw off the sridier'e coat and hat which he had worn, and ap peared in toe disguise Jcnt biw — w- i : 44 Who ami? I am the man who prevented the death at the Cot" " At least, yon hare courage to come bere with such an assertion. It is my title to your consideration." "Explain." " No here. Let me retire with the mem bers of your council-" " We have no secrets. Any council we may have is only for convenience, not for secrecy." 'Such a statement as I have to make were better made to s few. Sorely the few am afterwards reveal all I have said." " True, but it seems unnecessary." " It is not unnecessary, however. What It have to say IE of vital importance.". Wesbouidbe the best judges iff that." "For your own good I most refuse to Speak except to a selected few. Tmpniini nl Wash obstinacy, toe man turned to ids comrades and said: " What is your will, my friends!" "Do as he asks," was toe almost unani mous answer. The man at this conferred with the others in a low voice, and, as a result, ton of the persons there separated from the rest end led toe way to a door at toe farther mid of the room. " Come," arid Wot, turning to Vera. "Leave ha behind," said a voice from among tbe tern She must go with me." "By Heaven, she Eh&U; not I" cried several members of toe body, springing forward as if by a concerted movement. Wat at once sprang hack to her ride, and in a firm voice exclaimed : 4b Va «n bunffVcr Those who had sprung forward immedi ately assumed a threatening attitude, and to Wat it seemed us if a premeditated attempt was going to be made to part him from Vera. Knowing as he did the share Sofia had rn toft nihilistic mnwiiwit, u» ««, m hif guard, against trerehery. He caught np toe rifle be had dropped, .and stood on tbe driensi ve-( 7b be mffhsrt) 