LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. A VERY pleasant little gathering took place, in Messrs. Cribb and Foote's establishment, on Tnesday evening last, when Mr. H. A. Wilihams was presented with a handsome and valuable marble clock, on the eve of hie ap proaching marriage to Miss Sarah Wright, daughter of Mr. John Wright, of the Eclipse Colliery. Mr. J. H. Foote made thepresenta. tio', on behalf of the recipient's fellow em. ployees, in a seat and complimentary speech, and wished himevery happiness and prosperity in his new state. Mr. Williams, who was conDeiderably taken alack by the good feeling displayed towards him by the other hands, thanked the donors most heartily for their gift, and stated that be would always keep it in remembrance of them. As will be seen from the handbills atcomc panyiog to-day's issue, the members of the Weeleyan Improvement and Debating Clas will repeat the now famons "Trial of Banoeful Alcohol," in Rollo's Hall, North Ipswibch, to morrow evening, at 7 45 p.m. We understand that great preparation has been made, and everything is now complet', Any person wishing to spend an entertaining and istrec rive eveniog cannot do better than go and witness this great trial. The offiialse will turn out in costumes as worn in the high Court, while the sanctity of the Court is carefully guardei by young and blooming police officers, who do the work in a masterly manner. The proceeds. after paying expenses, will be handed over to the. trsnet funds of the North Ipawich Wesleyan Church. THE QUOEENsLAND GENEcIaL INSUBeR CE CooM PSY in the only Fire, Marine. and General Insrantce Company formed in the colony. Being largely owned by local people, and managed by a aell-known Queenaland board, the public pre asked to support it, and, before insuring elsewhere, or renewing their ncurrent policies, to call and see Mr. G.K. SEAnBOOK, the agent for Ipswich, at his office, in Nicholas ntreet.--[ADVT.] 78 THE weekly meeting of the North Ipswich Young Men's Congregational Guild was held. in the church, on Monday night last. The Rev. T. Jones occupied the chair. As it was an open night, there was a very good at' tendacoe of visitors. Magazine business was the order of the evening, and it was a very excellent production, being read by Messrs. Griffith and Beaumont, editors. After the reading of the magazine, several of the mem bers spoke of the able manner in which the third number of the quarterly magazine had been worked up, and a vote of thanks was so. corded to the editors, and their contributors, for their efforts to make it a snocess. A RoosWOOD correspoodent states that the farmers there are mostly in sympathy with the ship owners, and, should it come to a general strike, they intend to go, and fill the vacancies they are qnualified for, as rot one in ten was originally a farmer;gasE-atokers, dockers, bakers, Ae., being some among the many trades repre sented in the Rosewood. Bao you forgotten WOLFs'S SONAPrrs ? [Aovr.] Tan Rev. Charles Clark delivered a lecture on "Westminster Abbey," in the School of Arts, on Tucesday evening last. Theattend ance was elightly larger than on the previous night, but was not nearly so good as the bril liant lecturer deserved. Those who were absent missed a treat that is seldom afforded an Ipiwich audience, and those who were pre sent will regret that they could not have another opportunity of listoring to the gifted gentleman, whose atterances claimed rapt at tention from the beginning to the close of his remarks. His word paintings were of the most entrancing character, and weoe euch that many could almost fancy themselves being led through the old historic abbey, viewing the resting places of the illnstrious dead and the noble army of workers who are "not dead, but gone before." Henry V.'s address to his colliers-"Once more unto the breach, dear friends"-was recited with a power that made the scene almtes realistic, and the "poet's corner" was feelingly dwelt upon. The lecturer was warmly and frequently applauded, and the loud and continued applause, at the eloe of she lecture, showed unmistakably that it had been appreciated. MacY will be sorry to hear of the death of Mrs. Fletcher (one of the oldest reeidents of the Laidley district), who died at the residence of her son-in law, Mr. S. Cooper, on Saturdas last. She was eighty-four years of age, and was w ll.known and deeply respected in this towo and district. Some of the oldest resi denrts will remember that for some time she red'ded in Nicholas street, almost on the site of the present radilway over-bridge. The de' e'a'ed arrived in Australia over fifty years ago, and, after residing in New South Wales f,,r sin years, she came to this portion of Qoeensland, where she has been living ever oaner. She was interred on Sunday last, and t.e funeral was the largest that has ever taken place mi Laidley. ALLow me to help you to a WOLF?s'S SCxarPPs.--[AnD T,] Tt?e members of the Ipsewsh Draughts Club heae, for some time past, been playing a tour nament tor a trophy, and the first round has jost been concluded as follows, the numbers in parenthieis shabowing the numbhr of games con ceded:-H. Day 43. (12). H. Campbell 43 (10), G. A. Allen 42 (65, F. Boyle 40& (4), W. Lewias 37 (8), W. Gordon :91 (171, W. Bell 41. (coratch), W. Oldham 42 (13), and F. 11\. M ad 37& (10). Day and Campbell having scored a tie, they played off(the latter conced eg the fermer n quarter), and the former won the second rouna has now been commenced, uod some excellent games are anticipated, as the handicaps have been slightly altered.' Mns. MAsoN, the MIdlcl Clairvoyante, Florhalist, &e.;, begs to intimate to her sumerous Patients and others that, in oon ecquence of the large number under her treat ment, she has d~cided to extensod her stay in Ipswich a week longcr-viz., until Wedn;eday, the 10th of Septcmber. Those who have been disappointed in seeing her a-o again advised and reminded not to nellect this opportunity. Her treatment is purely herbaland electric. Consulting-Rooms. Mr. M'Grath'e North Star Hotel, Ipswich; Fee, only 5s. Mrs. Mason will visit Rosewood on Thursday, the 1lth of September, where ehe can be seen for a week, at Mr. Hodge's "Rose wood" Hotel, from that date; afterwards, she proceeds to Esk and Boonab, and will stop for about a week at each place. Intending patients and othere, please take notic". -[ADvT.] 893 AT the Catholic Guild, on Tuesday night, there was a large attendance, and Mr. J. J. Johnston occupied the chair. The proceedings were opened by a pianoforte solo by Miss Brady, skilfully played, and a number of humorous and instructive readings and recita- tions were given by different members, besides an original paper read by Miss Cooney. The evening was very enjoyable. The practice of holding two meetings a week will, probably, again be resorted to, '"CAPTrAIN" HOOPR, st one time captain of the Ipswich branchb of the Salvation Army, has been transferred from West Maitland to a station in tbhe United States. NnRVOUS men and women coured by Woe rn' Scanoars.--tAnvT.] A SERvoca of Song, entitled "The River Singers," weas rendered, at the Sandy Gallop Aeylum, on Tuesday evening last. The service commenced at 8 p.m. Mr. G. W. Walker acted as conductor of the choir, who numbered abost twenty, including several members of the Blue Ribbon String Band. Mr. Joseph Ivett kin fly undertook the connective readings, whilst Master Reichart presided at the organ, lent for the occasion by Mr. 8. Lewis, the superintendent of the institution. A good sprinkling of the general public pat in an appearance. During the execution of the piece, an interval of ten minutes afforded an oppor tunsty of serving out refreshments (which con asisted of coffee and buns), to the inmates, numbering about sixty, and to those who teok part intheentertainment. One patient became rather noisy, and had to be removed by the attendante, but the remainder conducted them. selves very quietly. At the oonelusion of the entertainment, Mr. Lewis proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Walker, the choir, the visitors, paying a high compliment to all who had assisted in any way to vary the monotony of asylum life, not only to the inmates, but also to the attendants, who have long and dreary hours of duty. This was seconded, in a few well chosen words, by Mr. Hurst, who paid the superintendent and his staff a high compliment for the attention bestowed upon those nder their care. The singing of a verse of the National Anthem, by the whole com pany, brought a very pleasing evening to a lee. SvT. STEPENs'S Presbyterian Band of Hope held their usual monthly meeting in the sohool-room on Tuesday evening last. Mr. fastie occupied the chair, and opened the meeting in the usual way. There was a good attendance, end a first- rate programme was gone through, consisting of songs, recitationa, and dialogues. The manner in which some of th'se items were executed was very creditable. Five new members were enrolled during the evening. ODDS 0n £t.orders in WoLre's SonaoPrs. [ADVT.] Te nesual weekly meeting of the Parlia mentary Class was hold on Tuesday evening. The attendance showed a alight improvement compared with that of the previous night. The ,ev. Joseph Walker having signed the roll, as member, for Oxley, took his seat on the erose- benohee. On the motion of the Colonial Treeasurer the lionse went into committee for the further consideration of the taxation pro posals. The Colonial Seoretary (Mr. D. R. O'Sullivan), opened the debate, and in a good speech supported the views of the Treasurer. He replied to the arguments brought forward by the Leader of the Opposition on the pre vnous night, and wound up a long speech by expressing his opinion that the proposals were just and necessary at the present time. He approved of the tax on gold (export), as it touchedthose best able to bear the burden. He combatted the idea of such a tax interfer ing with the indnstry, as, by the impost, trade or commerce would not suffer. He favoured the tax on imported coal, as it would stimulate the local industries and remunerate the toiling classes. The duty on beer and spirits habd his entire sympathy. Divisional Boards and municipalities were next referred to. He said the Government bad no idea of running away from their land tax. Divisional Boards would be compelled to increase the levy now made, which, after all, wnuld be a land tax. (No, no.) The Government reongnised the necessity of reducing the Defence Force, and their intontion was merely to keep a small nucless of trained men and revert to the volunteer system. (Applause.) After the Colonial Secretary's epeeob, the debate became general, Masers. Parlane, M'Vey, and Har greaves speakingfromtheGovernment b anohe, while Messrs. George Harrison, W. Wilson, and S. H. Harrison made matters lively by their opposition. After a very intereating evening, the debate was adjourned on the motion of the Leader of the Opposition, until next Tuesday. As there is now a strangers' gallery, we understand that visitors are snvited to witness the proceedings. Two males and two females have been ad mitted into the Woogaroo Lunatio Asylum since last repo:t, one female has been dis charged, and two of each sex have died. The medical superintendent acknowledgee, with thanks, the receipt of parcel of illeustrated papers from his Esccllency the Governor, newspapers from Mrs. Ayscough and Mrs. Morrow, Brisbane, for the patients at Goodoa, and from Mr. Dennis, Ipswich, for the patients at Sandy Gallop. Iv is rumoured here (says a Helidon oorres pondeot) that a mase meeting of the inhabitant" around the district is to be held, on Saturday next, to express their sympathy with, and reader finauoial aid to. the men now on strike in Queensland. The meeting is to be addressed by one of the delegates from Brisbane. Most of the wealthy farmers have promised to liberally respond to the call for the "'sainews of war."-The quarry recently opened is prov ing a great success, and promises to open up a very extensive and proficable industry for the whole district. GENTLrrMeN,-The tailoring department, under Mr. R. M'Carthy, uotter, is now in full working order. A nice selection of now season able goods has just arrived Prices, most moderate, to suit the times. Tour orders are solicited. Joan F. GILMOs.e, Ipsewich. [Aonr.] 62 A SYnDwY paper states that a great waste of fruit is gomng on jouet now in Central Comber. land, the prices ruling in the markets not paying for picking. One leading grower, who has the best oranges in the district, has so far this season buried 1500 cases of oranges in his orchard, rather than place them on the market in the face of present prices. Are there no poor people in the Central Comerland distriot to whom these 1500 oases of oranges would have proved a welcome donation ? Tun Customs oolleotio.s, forthe past month, amounted to £1402 Its. 8d., as against £2974 Be. 4d. during July, being a deorease of £L571 lOs, 8, (ios Marburg correp nd.ent writes e pnder yeeterday's date:--Tbhe ordinary monthly meet. ing of the Walloon Divimlonal Board, which ahoold have been held on Monday, the let instant, has been, I noderstand, indefiitely pcrtponed, owing, principally, to the scaroity of funds at the disposal of the Board. The separation question has not yet been finally settled, a'thoogh there has been considerable correspondeoce and debite upon the eulject; the:e as still an apparent amount of indecision as regards the course of action to be followed in making thb-fioal and necessary arrange. mente for the severance. I believeastrong re action is setting in against -the severance, on account of the increased taxation and the in ability of the small divisions, as propooed, ohbtaining efficient supervision to manage affairs to thIe best'interest of thbe' atefeyere. It is now scknowledged that a re-arrangement of thesubdivisions would notonly over-come many dlficultieewhiobpresencthemseles, but would, in the future, conduoce to the oarrying out of neceessary worke, and benefit the division at large. It is to be hoped that, as no official intimation has been received by the Board as regards the Bnal st:pa of severanoe, the whole question will be opened again, as many of the ratepayere are anxious to keep the division intaot.-There is now a general cry for rain, as one arly all the tankse in the township are empty. The farmers are stll hoping andl waiting for a fewuhowers, to enable them to get to wao k upon their land again, which-ismow almost as hard as rooks, and quite unploughable. Some farmers who have succeeded, by dint of hari work, to bring a few acres inasofeciently good state to plant, have sown their early crops in vain. It is now a well-rscognised fact that there will be no early crop this year at all. I was informed, by one of the many farmers who are compelled to draw a supple of water from the Governmenot dam, that the water is quite brackish, and unfit fordrinkitg or house hold purposes. This is. a .atter of deepest regret, as the majority of the inhabitants will, before long, if the drought continues, be comm pelled to patronise this reservoir. Do yon remember WOLF'e SrnarrWps! [ADVT.] Tor Fopulation of London and suborbs in the year ending 28th September, 1889, is returned by the Registrar-Gederalat 4,351,7388; New York had in 1881 a population exceeding 1,243000; and Berlin a population of over 1,129,000. AT the Eek Police Court,,on Monday last. before Mr. A. H. Thompsonand Dr. C. Aird. John Sullivan, thirty years, was brought before the Bench, charged with drunkenness. He was fined Be., or, as mo alternative, aix honurs in the cells. James M'Alister was charged with disorderly behaviour, in Ipewioh street, on Saturday night, and was fined £1,. with the option of seven days in Brisbane gaol. William Conroy waf charged with a similar offence and was similarly dealt with. A second charge was brought against this offender for making use of obsoene lsnguage. After Constable Chantry, who. arrested the saooued, had proved the offeice, the previous sentence was doubled. August Kremer, charged with obscene language, was foed 10s., with the choice of fourteen days in gaol. Senior-Constable Carroll prosecuted in tie above cases. B. Markwell. of the Commercial Hotel, and E. M'Donald, of the Royal Hotol, were granted permission to exercise their loenses, at the Esk sale.yards on the following day, it being the occasion of the first sale of 3000 head of cattle in the new yards, which are just completed. Tin following are the ofioial registrar's re. turns for the past mouth-Ipswich: Births, 34--13 males and 21 females; deaths, 12--6 males and 6 females. West Moreton: Births, 78-40 males and 38 females; deaths, 16-8 males and 8 females. Te Bosewood Blue Bibbon Seiety beld their meeting, on Friday night last, in the Congregational Churnh. The vioe-president (Mr. 8 Waight)in the chair. A very good programme was gone through, several of the pieces being given in excellent etyle. . There is a very marked improvement in sobme of the performers since the society was formeS. The Chairman first called oi Oliia EvBans for a recitation, "Puss and the Crab," followed by the choir, with "Once again we meet" in very fair style. John Waight neit bubmitted " Firing Butter," Mr.. J. 8 Aspioall "Is this a Rome," Mies L Haine "The Drunkard's Look ingGlass," and were followed by Missos Bud son and Waight with a doet, hich'waie well re ceived, after which a dialogue was given, in character, by J. Elder, C. Waight, and J. 8. Aepinall, illustrating the depths to which strong drink can drag a man. Mr. Paul Joho son then addreased tbo meeting, giving each and all some very good advie.. A. Bsualey read an extract from Mrs. Candle's lectures, showing Candle in a very bad light. The "Little Girl's Song," by Alice Gower, was really well recited. "Master, Speak," a song by the children, was very nicely gone through. Miss Wolgamont submitted "Promptings" in a faultless style. Mr. G. F. Gealer, jn., of Nuodab, in a very short time,'made himself at home with the audienoe, and, i. few well chosen words. described the injuries wrought by strong drink. Miss Prebble recited "Mary's Ghoest" In very -tkiag manner. The choir singing "Beautiful Home," brought the programme to an end. Miss Hudson pre sided at the organ throubaghout the meeting. The pronouneing of the benediction, by Mr. Waight, brought a vergenjoyable meeting to a o!ose. ODos on £1.orders in Wor.ns's SonNui s. [ADVT. i IN Chambers on Monday, before hie Honour Sir Charles Lilley, C.J., Charles Botts, of Lennon-street, North Ipswich, labourer, was adjudioated insolvent. A first meeting of creditors was appointed to be held on the 18th instant, Tax Healesville correspondent of the Mel. bourne Argus telegraphed the following to that journal, on the 27th August :-A man, named Henry Wreden, yesterday evening, reported to the local polioen that, during the day, while trapping opossnums in the ranges at the foot of Mount Minds, he found the remlains of a dead man. Senior-Constable Trolin this morning, having arranged for its removal to Healesville, proceeded to the place indioated, where the body was found in a horrible condition. It appeared to have been dead some months, sond was decomposed, and had also been polled to pieces by the wild dogs. The body was separated at the waist, and the arms and head pulled off the body, all of which lay a couple of yards apart, the legs and feet only been intanot. The remains are those of a man un known, with grey hair, about Sit. 6io. or 7in. high, dressed in a respectable sac suit of blue serge, black boxer hat, and water-tight boots. He also need spectaole?, a pair being found close to the body. Under the eircmstances in which he was found, in a densely-timberedi part of the bush, and miles removed from any settlement, there ie no doubt that he was lost in the bosh, and died. A ROCoxAMPTON telegram statesthat private advises, daued 30th August, from the coal workinge st Mount Rainbow, near Mount KEroombit, state that the seam is 17ft. thick, with only 8ft. of alluvium sepsrarsig it from the sunrfasce. A second shalt has been sunk. three qusrters of a mile from the first. The coal is 12ft. thick, and the foot-wall has not yet been reached. CeoTrau-t Surnox has teleguaphod from Coorsn, to the Commissioner of Polios, thaton Saturday night last, a workman named James Kelly was found dead in his tent at the Main Camp, North Coast Railway. He flrther notifies by wire that, in tbeosamp, on the same night, a workman named James RobErts out bis throat with a ranor, and died the ikllowing day, when being conveyed to the Gympie Hospital in a dray. A magisterial inquiry was held in each onse. A pIRE occurred at Cooohin, the other night, by which the large kitchen of Mr. Matthew Kerwin's house, in which he was woot to re fresh the inner man of as many vis tore as went that way, was burnt to the ground. The origin of the fire is unknown. Fortunately, the building, which was an old one, was de tahobed from his residenos by about fifteen yards, and its destruot.on, threfore, was the only damage done. Tue tlaoe of pdod wse oMedCe town last night, and is said to have A'drawn," aid o'hoave been admired. One ou the moeet at tractive features in the show is au Indian jggler, who is a man of no mean ability. As will be seen by an advertisement elsewhere, the palace will be open every day and evening. Oun Laidley correspondent writes:-On Monday last, an Appeal Court, against the Iivisional Board assessment, was held, in the Victoria Hall, before Meessrs. 1. J. Hodges (chairmsan) and C. Donoan, J. P. The follow ing cases were dealt with :-John Goun, town property.in Patrick-ntreet, Jidley,. assessed at £80-two-thirde annual letting value-con. firmed; John Gunn, 80 acres suburban land, seseesed at ls.--5 per cent. on total value -confirmed; John Genn (as agent). 327 acres farm land, Forest Hill, a eseed at £2 7a. 6d. -5 per cent. on annual value-confirmed; Thomas Flynn, of Ipswich, 240 aores, ameeesed at £1 9B,-ospital value-confirmed ; Micahel Carew. 100 acres, randy Creek, assessed at e1-.-5 per cent, on annual value-con firmed; C. F. W. Jackintz, 80 acies, Blen heim, assessed at £12 10s.-b per cent. on annual value--confrmed; Michael Scully, 99 acres, Sandy Creek, assessed at 21s.-5 per cent. on annusal letting value-confirmed; M. Heena, jun., 620 acres, Thornton, assaessed st £8 ins., confirmed; Chriatey Neilsoon, 100 nores, parish of Mart, ssecssed at 10s., con. firmed ; John Preston, 15 auree suburbas land, assessed at 178s., confirmed; W. S. Bumble combo, 140 acres, Forest Hill, asseessed at £2 10a.--5 per cent. on annual letting value-o(n frmed ; W. S. Bumblecombe, S5 acres, Forest Hill, assessed at 13s.-5 per cent. on annual letting valoe-withdrawn, confirmed ; J. Weise, 160 acres, Sandy Creek, assessed at 2Os.--5 per cent. on annuoal letting value-con. firmed; J. Weiee, 80 acres, Sandy Creek, asseessed at 14s.--5 per cent no annal value -confirmed; Casper Scheise, 120 acres, Blen. helm, assessed at Os.--5 per cent. on anneal valee-confirmed ; George Fielding, 160 asores, Blenheim, asseseed at 98es.--5 per cent, on annual value --confirmed; John Burgess, 97 acres, Forest Bill, assessed at £ Ils. 10d.--5 per cent, on annual value--oonfirmed. Other notices of appeal had been received, but the Bonch declined to hear them, as they had not complied with the Act. The interplesader nease of Hopkineon v. M'Grath. again came on for hearing, at the Police Court, on Tuesday, before Mr. W. Yaldwyn, P.M. Mr. M'Gill appeared for Mr. Hopkinson, and Mr. Drysdale for Mr. Beenan.' The defendant, M'Grath, was again examined; also the claimant. Heenan, Thomas Itobinson, and the bailiff (David Fuller). The Bench found that all the goods, with the exception of the crops, were the property of the claimant, Heenan, and ordered both sides to pay their own costs. WANTED KnOWs : Jaes BALL' sNew Sea. son's Tested Seeds to hand-via. : Beane Cosnadia, Nonda, Pale Dun, Negro Long Pod, Butter Bean, and New Bush:Lima Bean : also Peas, Carrot, Turnip, Badish, Cabbage,Oaioa, Parsley, Parsnip, Cress. Mustard, Beet Cauli lower, Kohl Rabi, Water-Melon, Tobacco Seeds (four varieties). Water-Melon (eight svaricties), Rock-Melon(fosur varieties), Tomato, Mammoth Rod Optimua, Mikado, Long Yel low, Pmpkinas, Grammas, Squashee, Impbee, Tepsinte, and Sorghum. Also. Grand Assort; ment of Flower Seeds : Paney, Mignonette, Phlox, Antirrhinem, Verbena, Petunia, &e.; direot from the growere.--[ADv.] 26 