SODt-H AUDREY STREET. (VAUETT FAHi.) It was a charming little boose, and it suited me exactiy. My wife said so; an£ as everything that pleases her pleases me, I said so too; and we took it furnished for twelve months from Lady-day. The landlord's name ica^ Mr. de Eosav; but we never sxw him, as he had gone abroad. We only intended to use the house for the season aud for occasional visits when the country became dull, or when the frost stopped hunting. As a matter of fact, we lived in it for three-quarters of our term; and tried to take it on afterwaris; but the owner was coming back to live in it, and is living there at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the past few weeks that I should like to return to it; but my wife says th-»r., except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent nightmare, I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she wishes to goodness we were back now, instead of in a Victoria street flat. I deny the indigestion, and question the nightmare; but it i6 of no use. My wife would go to the Blankneys' ball on the 5th of July in last year, and I would not. Everything \fc-hicli pleases my wife pleases me; but exceptions prove the rule. So wheu she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to eo without me, and the rule was again proved; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her ; but eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of coarse I had to stand him supper in return, 'so we had a lobster salad, and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden lane—I forget the names of those places now that I am married. The supper was excellent, so was the burgundy: and after a cigar I turned in about 1 o'clock, and fell asleep so quickly that I had hardly time to wonder how my wile was enjoying herself, and to hope that she would not wrfke me on her return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours when I was aroused by a light in my eyes. Thinking that it was my wife, I grunted a remonstrance and prepared to turn o ver to my other side. I partly opened my eyes as I did so, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a candle in his hand. I was asleep on the left, side of the bed, in the position that I always occupv; and as the bed was a very wide one, I could not at first make out what he was doing, as I was without my eyeglass. When, however, I had really got my eyes open and used to the light, I could see that he was paying no attention to me, but looking a.t the sida of the bed nearer to him—the side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was that a sob? 1 turned my head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife—no; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, and— between ourselves, this—some of her hair . At all events, it was not my wife, but a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was lyinj half undressed outside of the bed. Her eyes must have been half closed, for the man bent lower and heid the candle close to her face as if to rouse her. "You are in pain, man ainie," he murmured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable voice, "Drink this." In his lelt hand the man held a wine-glass, with some dark liquid in it. The woman moaned faintly. " You shall drink it," he said, in a slightly louder tone. And as he did so he placed the candle on the foot of the bed. While moving, he threw the light more completely on his features, and I saw them clearly. He was a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with blajk hair and moustache, and with the blackest eyes that ever I saw, and the bardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with the left eye—a cast, I suppose, but a slight one— just enough to give a sinister expression To the face in some aspccts of it. He returne'd with the wine glass still in his left hand, and with his right he clutched the woman's left wrist, and I could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his lean square jaw set themselves. She gave a little shriek of pain, but opened her hand, and tben let her fingers close on the stem of the glass. "Drink it off," he said; "it is the sedative Bir William ordered; a wonderful thing for neuralgia." She raised fler head from the pillow and put the glsss to her lip3. As she did so, I could seo lie marks on her wrist, where ho had <-;!uS.d>ed it, change from white to red. '•'Itis »ery strong," she said, taking a sip. " Drink it down," he said, still in his deep, gentle voice: and putting his arm round her neck he throst his finger against her lips tiH she opnticd her mouth. His hand was on th» bottom hi. the glass, and he tilted it till it. stood un *:pd. She choked and coughed. " Yoc sre as hard to dose as a dog, 1 ' lis said, with a low, soft laugh. " You will soon sleep now. Good-night, won amie." Then he took up the light and walked towards the door, looking back as he did so witl: a sort of smile on his cruel, sallow, face, and with tie cast in his eye more apparent than ever. It was the sort of look tfet a man jnight havi as he watched the result of an interesthij,' experiment—a look full of quiet, choerful interest. I had :>een waiting then from second to secoud—the whole transaction bardly took a minute—i'or one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague feeliner k<jpt me silent. Now that the man was actually leaving the room I shouted after him, But, to my horror, I could not hear myself; and the m&n; did not turn his head as he closed the door after him. Had I besu suddenly struck with deafness, he at le-ji-t would have heard; and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening, to the heavy laboured breathing of th6 woman lying beside me in the pitchy darkness, or to be conscious that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgl", it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a yell of horror< that re • sounded through the house, clutching in. vain terror in the blackness, my hand falling first upon' the head and then upon Hie hand of the woman beside me.- To my astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped, by little warm fingers, then flung baok upon the counterpane; while the voice of my mfe, sleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth I meant by rousing her from her first alsep when she had shown each, consideration in slipping into bed withoa disturbing me. I told her as well as Iconld ;. but neither then, nor. during the day which followed,. when I told the whole story muoh as I have above, was any explanation which did not include the battered orab aooepted by her. In fabt, she' pooh-poohed and sooffed- at^my ghost story to sndhah extent that, though the incident took plaoe a year ago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it «mce. But the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the office of myl^te iandlord's policitor, malring gome payments, ' which, by-the-bye, I ought to have made on giving up possession at Lady-day. I haa remarked; to him.how sorry we- -were to tarn- out, and: that he really migfct bave allowed us t» stay on for a zev "weeks of -fhe season, considering that our landlord had' only now ~ returned. "What sort, of a man is Mr. de Piosayr" I asked. " He seems pretty peremptory, from the only correspondence I have had with, 1 him." \- • Poor old Will!" said Mr. Inkpen. "He is not so bad as he makes himself out, and he has had a lot of trouble. However, he seems happy enough now. Look at his photograph !" And the solicitor, who was filling up a receipt for my money, nodded towards a large envelope which lay on the table in front of him. '•-..; " What, sort of trouble ?"I asked, thinking that, at, all events, Mr. de Bosay had-iiot had to accompany his wife over a hundred and odd furnished flats, and houses in seaTch of a roof to shelter him. " Trouble!" ejaculated Mr.Inkpen. "Why his young wife died when they bad only been married a year.". I had been thinking of my bachelor davs, but still I expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. de Kosay- ME. Inkpen, -rfio.ti&p.; . very cheery specimen of a lawyerr-more lifce • • a family doctor fchan fi family solicitor—ran.' on— ' ;.*'"•••••: • , • v, - • - "Charming girl she was, with a snug fortune. 315 South Audley street was hers, and she died there two years ago on Saturday next. You did not know your landlord was my cousin? He used to wander < about:looking like a corpse; bat once, he has been abroad, like many people who seem, heartbroken, he has mamal again." " Indeed 1" t said, in an unnecessarily surprised tone, and wishing all the time that my thoughts would not travel quite so readily to my bachelor days. . . . " Yes, married a great friend of his wife's —a clever girl, who, curiously enongh, was , studying medicine in London at the. time Marie was taken ill." "Indeed!" I said again. I was getting a little tired of Mr. and Mrs. de Bosay; but Mr. Inkpen went on— " She used to help to nurse poor Marie with the greatest devotion ; fed her, mixed her drinks—everything, in fact. She gave up her studies to do so. Curious what one woman will do for another, isn't it ? Will is half Spanish himself, and lis first wife was French; but this time he has married an English girl, thank goodness ! Well, well, if he is ever ..ill he will have a good nurse to look after him, and a very pretty one too. / Look at her photograph." I drew from the envelope a cabinet picture of two persons standing side by side. At the pretty features of the bride I hardly glanced; the man beside her was enough for me. There he stood, unmistakable—the dark hair and moustache, the sinster smile, the curious look in the left eye! I suppose £ uttered some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpen looked up, surprised. " What is the matter?" he said, rather drilv. '' You don't know her, do you f" "No," I said; " but he is like someone I know." Then, as I could hardly tell my storv tn a solicitor and the cousin of the man in question: " Wliat did his first wife die of?" " Very sad affair," he answered. " Delicate woman."Headaches and neuralgia—you kmow the sort of thing: took a lot of opiates. One night she took an overdose of eh loyal or laudanum, or something of the kind, and died while he was in the next room undressing." " Dear me !" was all I could say. " How sad!" " Sad ?" he echoed ; It was only his iron nerves and constitution that pnabled his reason to stand the shock. I had a lot of worry, too, about the business, trying to get her insurance money for weeks before they would pay it. Wo had to threaten an action, but they gave in. Of course, it lira not suicide." " No," I echoed ; " of course it was no suicide. What date did you say ?" "It was Saturday next—the 5th of July, bless you!" said Mr. Inkpen, evidently, gratified at having so visibly shocked me. "We should have been nowhere, all the same, but for that girl, the present Mrs. de Rosav. She knew of every drop that poor Marie took, and could not "stop her. Well, it's all ovf-r now, and de Rosay will spend the second anniversary of his first wife's death in her house with a new bvide. What a thing it is to have iron nerves ! Don't you envy him?" " No," I said, turning as I left the room ; " upon my soul I don't!" 1 fancy Mr. Inkpen stared a little as I left. I would" not pass to-night at 315 South Audley street, & I had the house rent-free for the rest of the season. No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr. de Rosay to-night, nor his wife either But perhaps she has iron neives, too. A good atory is told of a clever trick, by means of which some Russian Jews' have cheated the CuBtom-housc. Simultaneously at two frontiers a very large case came-to hand, bu t was not claimed. Alter the regulation time had elapsed they were opened, and found to be gloves, and ordered to be sold- by auction, - according to law. A Jew, on looking at them, I cried out they were all right-hand gloyes,.and < I of no use to anyone. Consequeutly tliey went I for next to nothing, and for farljjailthan the tax I would have amounted to. Needless to add that I the case at the other frontier Contained sll loft- I hand glovw, and, of course, they were bought by a confederate. 