MISCELLANEOUS. Iron is rolled so thin at Pittsburg. Pu., thai 1:1,000 sheets would he required to I make an Inch in thickness. Light shines through one of these sheets as easily as through gr'-ased tissue paper. Among the delicacies which graced Queen Victoria's table at Christinas tvas a turtle one hundred years of age. which had been brought from the Ascension Island a week previously by the govern ment cruiser AVve. .So thoroughly did her majesty enjoy tie- souo produced from the fat of the reptile, that the AVve has just been dispatched to Ascension—a distance of many thousand miles—for a further supply of turtles. It is not '•eery one who is thus able to make use of a man-of-war for the purpose of gratifying an inordinate craving for turtle soup. The importance o: placing compressed air asa motive power within easy reach of the small manufacturer lias b'-en reeogni- | sed at Birmingham. A local Coinp; obtained an Act of Parliament in ISSi [ by which they were authorised to lav pipesthroughout the public thoroughfares to convey compressed air at forty- five pounds pressure for the use of subscri bers. The- first installation has now been made, and there are some four and a quarter njih.es of mains already laid, the whole being controlled from" a central station at which there is powerful machi nery. Ho less than twenty-six consumers are- said to he taking the air and using it for working engdnes,japanning,Ac. The operations of the Company will extend to meet the demand, and soon all manu facturing Birmingham will be supplied with the cheapest motive power in existence. Birmingham will not long re main in the monopolist of the prinicple. The shameless humiliations to which people- in London -will submit in order to get a penny, put tbcm in a most pitiable light before- foreigners ;.wtys Eugene l-'ii.-ld,. There is hardly a man to he met with who does not expect to be feed for : any information he may vouchsafe or for any service he may do: moreover, he will aee'-pt u.'th giovel;ug thanks the misera ble fee. l-'aney. if you can, the miirhlv indignation of one of those sup'-rb eon duetors on any of the trunk-lines in America if you were to proffer him twenty-five cents for an official courtesy.' Yet. in England, the conductors of trains t'awn and belly-crawl in the most abject manner for a wretched sixpence. AVhen John 1. Baymond reached Liverpool .utter a summer's sojourn in England, he mounted a wheel-box of the tender about to convoy him to the steamer, and. strV'ig a theatrical attitude, he cried, iu a load voiee: *' Gather round, good p'-opl'-! If in uH England, thcrci.su man, woman, or child to whom 1 have not given tuppence, let him now speak or ioj-cver hereafter hold his peace!"' Then- was a vast concourse of natives upon the wharf, but all were silent. hi the '■Oorsicun Brothers'' ("writes B. B. Mantel! in the Philadelphia I have to have a double who rept my twin brother, and is made tip to resemble me as closely as possible. Be fore my production of the play, the double was never allowed to say any thing-, us^ it was supposed tlmf. the difference in tbe voices would destroy the illusion. If, seemed to me, however, that if the double could lie permitted to spe.-dc in a voiee imitating my own. it would heighten rather than lessen the effectiveness of the representation. With this in view, I assigned to my double the line "Look, mother!"' at the point where my ghost is supposed to appear to her mid Louis. The young man who played the part of my twin brother did this very wel', but with an exaggerated idea of the magnitude of his importance. After we had done this some time, it occurred to mo that a change iu the hue would increase the i effect. 1 f old him I was about to make a change in his line. "What is it!-'" lie asked. "I think it would lie better, instead of saying ' Look, mother !'to say ' Mother—-look ! ' " " (Treat heavens !' -i,:_ replied, with real agony in his j voice; "more study, "more work." Tt is _ found that a most effective composition for fire-proofing exterior sur faces may lie formed by slaking a suffi cient quantity of freshly burned quicklime of the best grade, and when the slaking is complete there is added such an amount of skim-milk, or water hi its absence, as will make a liquid of the consistency of cream. To every ten gallons of this •iquid arc added,separately and in powder, .stirring constantly, the following ingre dients in the order named: 2 lbs of alum, J-f ozs sub carbonate of potassium or commercial pofasb, and lib :if common salt. If white paint is desired no further addition ;s made to the liquid, though the whiteness is found to be I improved by a few ounces of plaster of Paris. Lampblack lias the effect of giving a liumberof shades from slate color to lilack. AY hatever tint is used, it is incorporated at this stage,and the whole, ' after being strained through « sieve, is i run through a paint-mill. AVhen ready ; to apply, the paint is heated nearly to the boiling point of water, and is put on ' m its hot condition. It is found that the addition of a quantity of fine, while sand to this composition renders it a valuable covering for roof and crumbling brick walls, which it serves to protect. ProfessorKlebs, of Zurich, gives the results of bis exnminution of flic blood in cases ol influenza. Ho finds a large number of highly rofmutilo.mobile bodies, in size, form, and motility resembling bodies which lie lias met with in pernici ous anieiilia, but in far less quantity. Ho inicrocytes, such as occur iu the luttu disease, were to be seen. In a fatal cas of influenza some blood was removed from the heart, with every precaution to avoid contamination, and the "monads" wore detected therein ; they varied somewhat in size, being oval in shape, and not only had vibratory movement, but were also I capable of locomotion. They were often attached to the margin or imbedded ii tlic substance of the blood-coi-puscles. j The organisms were distinctly flagellated, and ill stained preparations their intimate I connection with the corpuscles could he i plainly shown. Provisionally, Professor Klebs would assign them aplucoampngtbc llhizoiuastigiiia of the Mouadineie, ac- | cording to Biitsclili's classification of these protozoal forms. The professor remarks that in other diseases in which I similar luumatozoa have, been discovered, [ as ague and pernicious umeinia, there is a tendency to interinitteiicy in the type I of fever; and since influenza shows a like tendency—commonly styled relapse, —he tliiuks it quite possible that such "relapse" is associated with stages in I the development of the micro- organism. The pandemic spread of influenza is analogous to that of some forms of malaria, and this is quite conceivable when one recalls the atmospheric effects which ensued after the volcanic eruption of Krakatoa. Profession Klebs suggests that much light might ho obtained by analysis of the air during the prevalence of influenza on the method of Miquel. A doctor practices on his own patients. [ But a musician practices on the patience of others. 