IMIETTY JANE. This befell in the old days, and, as my friend Private Mulvaney was specially caraful to make clear, tlio Unrogcnoratc. ' There had boon a royal dog fight m tho nullah at the back of the rifle butts between Iioaroyd's Jock and Ortheris’s Bluo Hot—both mongrel ltampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teoth. It lasted for twonty happy, howling minutes, and then Bluo Hot collapsed anu Ortheris paid Loaroyd threo rupees, and wo wore all very thirsty. A dog tight is a most i.n*i.'u« ammi’tA finfirfc front tho nviD an fotj tuuBirj. ** "~o o , beating entertainment, quite apart from tlio shouting, bocauso Kampurs tight over a couple <yf acres of ground. Later, when tho sound of bolt badgos clinking against tbe nocks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds, Humana resemble red deer in some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp their breasts, and they boll one to. the other, . ihallonging bucks. This is notice* exactly like challenging able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of tho line: it shows tlio refining influence of civilisation and tho march ° Tato'prov'okeil tale, and each tato more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd’s eyes began to brighten, and he unburdened himself of a long history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Patoly Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. “ An* so Ah coot’s yead oppen from t’ chin t hair, an’ ho was abed for t’ matter o’ a month, concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvauoy came out of a reverie—lie was ly . ing down—and flourished his heels in the mr. You’re a xuau, Learoyd,” said ho critically, << but you’vo only fougnt wid men, an’ that s an. ivry-day expayrience; but I’vo stud up to a ghost, an’ that was not ivry-day expayrience. “No,” said Ortheris, throwing a cork at him. “ You git up an* address the ’ousc—you an* yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one uor usual?” .. , _r , “’Twfts the livin’ trut’l” answered Mul vanoy, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris bv tho collar. “Now, whore are ye, me eon? Will vo take tho wurrud av tho Laird out avmy mouth another time?” lie shookhun to craphasisn tho question. . “No, somethin’ else, though,” saul Orthens, making a dash at Mulvuney*B pipe, canturmg it and holding it at arm’s length. “I’ll chuck it acrost tho nullah if you don’t let me go!” “ ’hathent ’Tia the only cutty \- iwa maraudin’ --—.*•» y—f I iver loved. Handle her tinder or I’ll chuck you acrost tho nullah.. If that poipe bruk— Ahl Givohor back to mo, sorrP” Ortheris had passed tho treasure to my band. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny ns the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. „ t _ “Will you tell us about the ghost fight if I do?” I said. . “Isut tho shlory that’s troublin’ you? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittiu’ ut mv own wav, as Popp Boggle saul whin they found him tlirvin’ to ram u cartndgo down the muzrie. Ovtli’ris, foil away!” , He released the littlo Londoner, took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. Ho has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. “Hid liver tell von,” he began, “that I was wanst the devil av a man?” “You did,” said Learoyd, with ft childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in the old days. “Hid I iver tell you,” Mulvauoy continued •calmly, “ that I was wanst more av a divil tliuu “Mor-ria! You don’t mean it?” said Or “ Whin I was Corp’ril I was rejuced after wards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp’ril, I was a devil of a man.” He was silent for nearly a minute. “Eyah! The}' was great times. I’m ould now; my hides wore off in patches ; .sinthry-go has discbnccitcd me, and I’m a married But I’ve had my day, I’vo had my day, ant bin’ can take uwav tho tasto av that! Olv ■nothin’ can tako my time past whin I put me fut through ivory livin’wan av tho Tin Commandments betwcou .Revilly and Lights Out, blow tho froth off a pewter, wiped 1 “J1 4l‘“ v '"1" > mustache wid tho back av child 1 But. ut’s all over, ut’s over, an* niver come back to me: not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in tho ould rig’mint to touch Corp’ril Teronco Mul vanoy? I niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth tho lookin’ ufthov in those days, an’ iverv man was my dearest friml or—1 bad stripped to him an’ wo know who wits tho betthov man avtlio tu. “ Whin I was Corp’ril I wud not ha’ changed wid the Colonel—no, nor yet the Commandher in-Chief. I wud bo a snrgint. There was nothiu* I wud not bcl Mother av Hivin, look at mo! Ewhatam I now? But no raatthor! I must get to tho other ghosts—not tho wans in my ould head. “Wo was quartered in a big eantomnint—'’tis no manner av use nuniiu* names, for ut might give tho barricks disrepitation—an' I was tho Imperor av tbo earth to mv own mind, an’ wau or tu women thought the same, small blame to thira. Afther wc lmd lain there a your, Bragin, tho Colour-sargint av E Comp’ny, wint un’ tuk a wifo that was a lady’s maid to some big lady in the station. She’s"dead now, is Annie Bra gin—diod at ICirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah—seven—nine years gone, an’ Bragin he married agin. Butslio was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint society. Sho had eyes liko the brown av a buttherfly’s wing whin tho run catches ut, an’ a waist no thicker than my arm, an’ a littlo aof’ button av a mouth I would ha* gono through all Asia bristlin’ wid bay’nits to get a kiss av. An’ her hair was ns long us tlio tail av the Colonel’s charger—forgive mo mentionin’ that blunderin’ baste in tlio sumo mouthful with Annie Bragin—'but ’t wos nil shpuu gold, an timo was whin a lock av ut was inoro than di’monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an’ I’ve had tliruck wid a few, cud open tho doer to Annie Bragin. “ ’Twas in the chapel I saw her first, mo ot rolling round as usual to see fwat was to bo seen. ‘You’io too good for Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, 4 but that’s a mistake I enu put straight or my name is not Terence Mul “Now,take my wurrd for ut, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an’ kapo out av Marriod Quartors—ns 1 diu not. No good iver comes of ut, an’ thero’s always the chance av your bein’ found wid your face in tho dirt, a long picket in tho back av }'our houd, an’ your hands playin’ thoJifcs on the tread av another man’s "BaflerEy killed six years gone] *\v)ii,n'Tio~wmt to his death wid Ida hair oiled whistlin * Larry O’Rourko’ bctunoiiis teeth. Jvnpo out av tho Married Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis on wholcsim, ’tis dangerous an’ Mis ivorythin that’s bad. but—oh, mo siwl, ’tis swato while it lasts! 441 was always bungin' about them whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn’t, but niver a sweet word- beyon* ordinal*’ did I get from Annie Bragin. *’Tis tho povainity av tho sect, so/1 to myself, un’ gavo my cap another cock on my head an’ straightened my back—au’ wint off as tho’ I did not caro, wid all tho womeu iu tho Hurried (hitters laughin’. I was perahuaded—most boys are, I’m thinkin'—that no women bom av women can stand against mo nxl hold up my littlo finger. I had reason for thinkin* that way—till I met Annie Bragin. “ Timo and agin whin I was hlandandherin’ in’ the dusk, a man would go past mo as quiet as ft cat. 1 That’s quare,* thinks I.’ * for I am, or shud bo, the only man in these parts. Now what devilment can Annie bo up to V Thin I called myself a bkiyguard for thinkin’ such things; but I thought thim all the samo. An’ that, mark you, is tho way av a man. “ Wan evenin’ I said : 4 Mrs Bragin, mania’ no disrespect to yon, who is that corp’ril limn’ —I laid soon the stripes, though I eud niver get sight av his face—‘who in that corp’ril mun that comes in always whin I’m goin’ 44 4 Mother av God.” sex sho, turnin’ as whito as my bolt; 4 have you seen him, too?’ “‘Seen him!’ sex I; ‘Av course I have. Did yo want mo not to see him for’—wo wore standin’ talkin' in tho dhurk, outside tho verandah of Bragin's quarters—‘you’d hotter tell me to shut me eyes. Onless I’m mistakon, ho’s come now.* “An* suro enough, tho corp’ri! man was walkiu’to us bangin' his head down as though he was ashamed av himself. “ ‘ Good night, Mrs, Bragin,’ sex I, very cool. ‘’Tis not for mo to interforo wid your amoors—but you might manage theso things wid more decency. I’m off to cnntcon,* I sex. “ I turned on my hool an* wint away4, wearin’ I wud givo that mun a dhrossin’ that sweatin' Iwud givo that mun a dhrossin’ that wud sthop him messin’ about tho Married Quarters for a month an’ a week. I had not tuk ten paces beforo Annio Bragin was haugin* oa to my arm, nud J. cud feel that sho wus ehnkin’ all over. “< Don’t yo go, Mister Mulvaney J* sex sho. * You're flesh and blood at tlio least—aro yo 414 I’m all that,* box I, an* ray angorwint away in a flush. 4 Will I want to bo asked twice, Annio?' “ Wid that I slipped my ami around her waist, for, bedad, I, fancied- sho had sur* rindered at discretion, au’ the honours av war were mine. 44 ‘What aonsmse is this?.' sox she, dhrawln f' the tips av. her dearVnttle' toes. f ■ ■ - * Wid toe mother’s raillc not dhry on your un pideut mouth 1. Let go ” she sez. “ ‘Did ye not say just now that I wasflosh and blood ?' sez 1: 41 have not changed since.’ I sez, an* I kop’ my arm where utwua. “ 4 Your arms to yoursilf!’ aez aho on her eyes sparkled. t •“Sure ’tis only human nature,* aez j; an I kop* my nrni whero ut was. “‘Nuturoor no nature,* soz she, ‘you tnko your arm away or I’ll toll Bragin, an ho’ll alter the nature of your head. Fwluit d’you take mo for?'sho sez. . 44 4 A woman,* soz I, ‘tho prettiest m bar 44 4 A wife,* aez she, 4 tho straighcat in can* tonmints.* , „ , , . “ Wid that I dropped my arm, fell# back tu paces uud saluted, for I saw that she mint f what she Raid.'* “Then you know soraothing that somo mon would give a pood deal to bo cortain of. How could you tell jr” I demanded in tho intorcstsof science. ,, . 44 Watch tho hand,” said Mulvanoy. “Av she shuts her lmnd tight thumb down over the knuckio, tnko up your lint an’ go. You’ll only make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But^av tho lmnd lies npoiiontha lap, or av you boo hor thryin’ to shut ut an’ sho can’t, go on. She R not past reasonin’ wid, Woll, as I wassnym , I fell back, saluted an’ was goiu’ away. “‘Sthay wid me,’ roz she. 4Look\ llos comiu’again.’ “Sho pointed to tho vorandah,an , by tho boight av impert’uinco, tho corp’ril man was comiu’ out av Bragin’s quarters. “‘Ilo’sdono that thoao livo ovenins post,’ soz Annio Bragin. 4 O fwhat shall I do!’ “‘Ilolt not do ut again,’ soz I, for I was tfghtin' mad. 4 Kapo away from a man that lias been a thrilio crossed in lovo till tho fever s died down. Ho rages liko nbruto beast. “I wint up to tho man in tho verandah, mania’, as sure us I sit, to knock the lifo outav him. Ho slipped into tho open. 4 Fwhat aro you doin’ philandoriu’ about acre, yo scum ay tho gutter?’ soz I, polite, to givo him lus warnin’, fori wanted him ready. “Ho nivor lifted his head, butsez all mourn ful and molnncolius, as if lio thought I wud bo soory for him: 41 cau’t lind her,’ soz he. 44 4 My troth,’ seal,4 you’ve lived too long— you an’ your soekiu’ an’ tindin’s in a dacent mnrried * woman’s quarters! Hould up y lioad, ye frozen thiol av Genesis,’ soz I, 4 you’ll find nil you want an* moro!’ 44 But ho nivor liild up* and I let go from tho shoulder, where tho hair is short over tho eye brows. . “‘That’ll do your business, soz I, but it nearly did mino instid. I put my body weight bohind tho blow, but I hit nothin* ut all an bohind tho blow,- ,ti , nearly put my shoultor out. *Iho cor]> ril man was not there, an’ Annio Bragin, who had boon watcliin’from the verandah, throwsup her heels und enrrios on liko a cock whin his neck’s wrung by tho dhrummer bhoy. I wint back to her, for a livin’ woman, an’ a woman like Annio Bragin, is moro than a p’ratio promt’ full av ghosts. I’d never seen a woman faint before, .... I stud liko a stuck calf, askin’ Iter whether sho was dead, un* prayin’ her, tor tho lovo av me, an’ tho lovo uv her husband, an’ tho lovo avtho Virgin, to opin her blessed eyes again, an’ callin’ mesilf names undhor tho canopy av Hivin for pi; ruble nmoors whin I ought to ha’ stud hotune her an this corpTil man that had lost tho number av “ I misrcinomber fwhat nousiuso I said, but I was not ao far gouu that I cud not hear a tut on the dirt outside. ’Twas Bragin cornin’ in, an* bytheaamo token Annie was comm , too, I jumped to tho far end av tho verandah an’ looked as if butter wouldn’t molt in mo mouth. But Mrs. (ininn, tho Quartonmister’s wifotlmt was, had touhl Bragin about my bangin’ ’round Annie. . .. . “ ‘That's bad bearin'V I sez, nn I knew that tho pickets wore dhriveu in. ‘What tor, Sur pint?* sez I. ... , “ 4 Como outside,* sez he, 4 an* I’ll show you willin’,* soz I, 4 but my stripes aro none so ould that I can uJTord. to lose thitn. Tell mo, now, who do I go out wid sez I. “ Ho was a quick man an’ a just, an* bow fwhat I wud ho ufther. ‘Wid Mrs. Bragm s husband,’soz he. He might ha’known by mo URkin’ that favour that I hud done him no “‘I wint to tho back av tho nrsenal an’ tripped to him, an* for ton minutes’twas all I -ltd do to prevent him killiu’ himself againstmy istes. Ho was mud us a dumb dog—just f rolli ng wid rage; but ho liad no chanst wid mo in reach or lcarnin* or anything olse. “• Will yo hoar reason ? soz I wlun lus first wind was runnin* out. “ ‘Not wlioilo lean see,” aez ho. Wid that r gave him both van ufther tho othor, smash through tho low gyurd that he’d been taught whin ho was a hoy, an’ tho eyebrow shut down on tho eheok-bono liko tho wing av a sick crow. “ 4 Will yo hear reason now, yo brave mau ?" t BC“ **Not whoilo I can speak,’ soz ho, staggerin’ 3 up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, i but I wint round an’ swung into tho jaw side 3 on an’ shifted ut a half pace to tho Ief\ 44 4 Will yo hear reason now V sez I; 41 can't i keep my timper much longer, au1 ’tis liko I will f hurt you.’ “ ‘Not whoile I can stand,’ ho mumbles out i av one corner av his mouth. So I dosed an' i throw him—blind, dumb an* sick; an’ jammed 1 tho jaw straight. “ • You’re an ould foot, Mister Bragm.’ sez I.# “ ‘Y’ou’ro a young thief,’ soz he,4 an’ you*vo bruk my heart,'you nil’ Annie betune you.’ “ Thiu ho began cryiu* liko a child as ho lay. I was sorry as I hud never been before. 'Tis un awful thing to see a strong man cry. “ 4 I'll swear on tho cross !’ aez I. “ 41 caro for nono uv your oaths,’ sez he. 44 4 Como hack to your quarters,’ sp/.I, ‘un* if vou don’t believe tho livin’ you shall listen to the dead,’ sez I. “ I hoisted him an’ tuk him back to lus quarters. 4 Mrs Bragin,* sez I, 4 here’s a mau that you can euro quicker than mo.’ “‘’You've shamed me before my wife,’ ho 3 wmmpers. “4 Have I so ?> sez I. 4 By the look on Mrs. i Bragin’s faeo I think l’ni for a dhrcssiu* down worso than I gave you.'* “ An’I waa! Annie Bragin was woild wid b indignation. Thoro was not a name that a 1 dneint woman cud uso that was not given my f way. I’ve had my Colonel walk rotm* nio liko ' a cooper roun’ a cask for fifteen minuts in tho t ord’ly-room bokaso I wint into tho comer shop an unstroppodlownatic, hut all that I ivor tuk from liia rnBp av a tonguo was gingor|>op to | The way av a woman. ~ “ Whin ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was beudin* over lior husband, I soz: 4 ’Tis all thruo, an’ I’m a blaygunvd an’ you're an honoRt woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you V “As I linished speakin’ tho corp’ril man came up to tho verandah au’ Annio Bragin Rhqucalod. The moon waa up un’ we cud sec his face. “ 41 can’t find hor, sez tho corp’ril mun, an* wint out liko tho puff av a caudle. “ 4 Saints stand botuuo uh an’ uvul !’ soz Bra gin croflsin’ himself. ‘That’s Flaliy uv tho Tyrone itigmint.’ “4 Who was ho,’ sez 1,4 for ho has given mo dttlo av imbtin* this day.’ 41 Bragm lould us that Flahy was a corp’ril who lost Iub wife av cholera in thoso quurtore throo years gono, an’ wint mad, and walked afther they huried him, huntin’ for her. 441 Well,’ soz I to Bragin, ‘he’s boon hookin’ out av Purgatory to knpn company wid Mrs. Brugin ivry evenin' for tho last fortnight. ¥ou may tell Mrs, Quinn, wid my lovo, for I kuow that she’s boon talkin’to you, un’ you've been listenin’, thut sho ought to onderstnud tho differ twist a man an’ a ghost. She’s had throu husbands,* sez I, 4 un* you’vo got u wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave hor to I bo boduored by ghosts an*—an* all mannor av ovilspiruts. I’ll niver go talkin' in tho way av politeness to a man’s wifengin. Good night to i you both,’ sez I. An* wid that I wint awuy, havin’fought wid woman, man an’ divil in tUa heart av an hour. An that’s fourteen ycurs gone! Eyuh! Cork’s own eity'ah’ tlio blue sky j above ut—au’ tho times that was—tho times I that was!” ltUDVAltD KXPLIXO. It would seem from tho more recent dis coveries that the milk ia the iirst thing about a diseased cow that ia affected. Doctor Babcock ears be can detect iu tho milk tho nppronch of milk fever and garget a week or ton days boforo there uro any outward signs, by the formation of an extra amount of fibrin iu tho milk. Wo all know how sensitive milk ia to outward in fluoncc*. Why should it not ho equally sensi tive to inward 'influences r1 A fistula or soro of any kind which causes tho taking up of poison ordlsoased matter by tho absorbent vessels must poison tho blood to a greater or loss extent, and it is pretty generally conceded that tho blood is the source of milk. In caso of tuberculosis, the milk must bo loaded with tho germs of tho disease, aa tho blood hns to all pass through the diaooaed organ. That it is bo nos boon demon strated by feeding tho milk to young animate. Some stomachs may bo strong enough to rosist and destroy tho disease gorraa, but who wauts to take the chanco ? If the. milk wero boil oil it might destroy tho germs. So cooking tho raeut -of..diseased annuals might destroy- tho ‘disease germs in it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say tho least, that you aro eating what wus so diseased that your only salratiou lies in. the cooking. 