1-lovelist. NADJA; on, A Battle With Death. ? - A Love Story Founded on tlio Mys teries of Thcosophy and Transmigration. Jiu Fit 121) ERIC M. l)Elr, Author (J ' Ntirha ; or, Reuben CogswclVs Testamentary Request . ' CHAPTER T. THOSE KYEtf OF DLAZING TIRE. Tho etory which I am about to relato is eo filled with mystery, so replete with those things which tho world calls impossibilities, that I can often find myeelf wondering if it can be trao. Can it be that I have dreamed it all, and by reason of its constant associa tion with facts, have thus taught myeelf to believe it? No, no! By my side sits Nad ja, nnri frnm f.nr lino nnmn ihr. nea,\\*. anco that it has been no dream. In tho wondrous dopth of her midnight oyes I see. that all has been reality. I know thnt I now dwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and that I have only obtained it by arising, Phocnix-Iiko, from tin ashes of the blighting, oonsuming fico which scarred me, body and soul, beyond recognition. I can hear now the hissing of the flame, and oan yet feel the ecorohing, withering heat that shot oat from the . woman with the burning oyes, her Nemesis and mine. 'No, no! It has been no dream. It was all too horrible, too terrible, too real I I havo lived it through ; I havo borne the tests; 1 have foaght the dread battle with dark mystery for a foe, and I havo been vic torioup. From out tho maze of 'smoko and heat, tho terror of tbe dread duel to tho death, where in the woman-fiend was so often, for a time, tbe viator, I have issued unsoathed ; and as I look -back upon that otrango ohapter of my, Iife,and bring to mind the wonderful power of my steadfast friend, who so magically peno trated tho mysteries that wtould otherwise have engulfed me, as I recall tho almost im possible achievements of bis ocoultism, his knowledge of the black arts of Hindoo lore, I start yet again with wonder and alarm, and it is not till I feol her arms twining around my neck, until her warm, red lips are pres sing mine, that I am aesured that I do not sleep, that I havo not been dreaming, tbat I may not soon open my eyes to find tbat lam still alone in my studio, in the. fading light of day, unloved, sad, and with passing hoars beooming moro and moro a confirmed dreamer. But I will tell the otory in detail; I will unfold it, p3go by page, incident by inci dent ; and perhaps the rrciUl, the careful re tro psot, may help to drive away the fancies which tho terror and Die horror of it all havo so firmly impressed upon mei I eat alono in my Etudio just ns day was merging into night— alono with tho ghosts which my fauoy wrought upon each half-' iiniehed canvas, as the eddying light of that dyiog duy bcoamo with each moment moro and moro sheathed in shadow. I was rapidly becoming a victim of melanoholia ; my gaiety had turned, daring the past few month?, into moroseness, my high Bpirits into bicter dissatisfaction and petulance. Tho day, whioh was just drawing to a close, had been one of bitter disappointment to mo, for I had seen tho honor whioh my ability had rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained oalm, but upon returning to my studio I bad thrust rny hand and arm through tho canvas upon whioh my greatest effort had been growing day by day for wcekn. I had ruined the painting effectually, and. then, with a grin of satisfaction, 1 had lighted ray pipe and thrown myself into the lounging ohair before the wiudow, whero I sat watching tho sunset tints and bitterly wondering if thoBQ samo connoisseurs who had condemned me would not alio have passed by those golden clouds with which Nature's brush had so grandly decorated tho sky. As I watched tho gorgeous ooloring, tho strip of gold-hued cloud, I became imbued with tbe idea that Fat'o had placed it tboro as a promise for my luturo ; but I laughed aloud, ironically, at the thought, whilo I muttered savagely: 'Although it is gold now, Bhouldlbut touoli it, it would turn to braes on tho inBtant.' ? Still I oould not drive away tho thought ; it was pleasant to. dream upon, and so I allowed my fanoy to baild its oaetlcs in tbo air. Suddenly there was a sharp rap upon the panel of my door. It oame so unexpectedly and broke in to rudely upon my dreaming that I bad leaped to my feet before I realised tbe naturo of the alarm. For a moment I thought thnt I would make no repponsc. I was not in tbe mood to entertain, and still letn to bear tho pity ing oondolonces of somo artist friend, who had jrobaUy callcd for tho pnrposo of mourning with me over my defeat. As I stood in tho ccntro of tho flocr, undcoided whether to admit my caller or not, the rap wan ropeated, and th®- Marm was so much louder than theprcosu.^ one had bceu, that I hesitated no longer, but stepped quickly forward and threw open tho dcor. With a loud cry I staggered back, and stood staring rffiigbtcdly into tho black darkness of the corridor, for there, btforo me, were ,two balls 'of living fire, glowing, sparkling, burning. . Tbcy biased upon me from the daikneep, as thcufn some wild beaet of tho jungle wer^jrouobing there, 1 ready (o spring upon and devour rar. In- 1 deed, that was the first senention of which I was conscious, and tbo next ono came when , a voioo— a wowan'd voics — addressed me : - * ? ? - 44 Is tlil« tho studio of Mr. Congdon?' ' It if,' I replied, in a low tone, not yet having recovered my wito, and mentally chiding my own 'oily and stupidity. 14 Will : yon walk in ? V . 0Ue enter*'] -a 'tall figure habited entirely I in black — and I could not help ebuddoiing as sho drew near to mo, just as though her very preeunco had brought a dread with it — n premonition of coming ovil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling tbat tho darkness was tho ciuao of my fancies, and tboa turned to offer my visitor a chair. But again I started violently, tor the faco that I saw buforo mo was so strango, bo un natural in its death- liko lividnees. Her oomplexion, though dark almost toswarthi noss, had abeorbed a pallor which reminded mo of a sheet of parchment buried for ages in someforgotten tomb, only to be at laet ox humed, yellowed by a thousand years of timo. Ths coloring of her face was as nothing, however, and I woald have spcodily for gotten it had not hor jotty hair set it off so Btrangely, so vividly. But when myglanoo met hers— when i looked into her eyes I otood appalled. Thoy literally burnod, and .with afire so intense tbat I involuntarily put up my hands, as though to bar out (he beat tbat must bo omitted from them# 1 /.as repelled yet fasoinated. I longed to tly from tho blazing fury which seemed ovor ready to dart out upon mo, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer, I was terror etrickea, yet charmed, I did not speak— I could not. Tho room grew suddenly hot and stifling, my breath oame with difllonlty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some unaccountable manner being stolen from mo. Summoning all my 'energies with one mighty effort, I turned to the window and drew down ihe ourtain. Tho diversion re lieved me, tho oppressive sensations were gono, so tbat when I again faced^ my guest I believed that my imagination had played me a triok, for tho fire had died oat of hor strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost expres sionless, while around the corners ot her mouth there played a peoaliar smile, as though in tho brief interval daring whioh she had been with me somo query that had been upon her mind was effectively an swered I was impressed with the idea that, however sho might state tho object of her call, there was somo bidden intent behind it, of whioh I was to bccoine an nnsaepeoting, perhaps nnconsoioas!victim. I folt a strange, sudden obill steal over me— that shiver which ohildren say is caused by the aot ot somebody in Btepping upon ono's future grave. 'Mr. Congdon, ' Bhe said, ' I have como here upon tho recommendation of ono of your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Belormc.' 'Ah I' I replied, abruptly, for I suddenly remembered that as I was leaving tho Acadomy that afternoon Jules had thrust a bit of foldedpaper into my hand, which I, in turn, had consigned to my pookot without reading, being too muoh occupied by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it roferrod to this oall, and I wished that I had read it. How ever, I oould do so as soon as I should bo again alone. -11 1 want, you to paint apoitrait for mo,' sbo^ continued, sinking into tho easy-chair against whioh my pipe was still leaning — ' tho portrait of ono who is so beautiful that you have but to suooeed in making a perfcot ' picture to beoomo at onco famous.' I bowed in reply, lor I dared not speak ; my heart was bounding with too muoh exal tation, It was the very opportunity for whioh I had longed. 41 You will havo bat littlo timo in whioh to accomplish tho tnsk set for you,' she went on in a low monotone whioh seemed peoaliar j to hor ; ' three dayo at the moBt.' ' Irapossiblo 1' I exolaimed. ' No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I least of all.' . Sho shrugged her shoulder?. ' Nothing is impossible if iho will bo but Qfcrong enough. True, you will have your model for only three sittings, but they may bogin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you to paint tho portrait, Mr. Congdon ? Will you do it ?' ' But thero are others who possess much greater talent than I,' I began with some hesitation, but she interrupted me quiokly, 'For my purposes, ' she said, in a low tone, 44 believe me, there is no ons half as capable as yourself. Will you do It ?' j ^ Sho leaned forward as sho asked tbo quee* | tion, and again for an instant her eyes j blazed with that strange fire whioh rendered : the atmosphcro I broathed eo hot and | stifling. j ' Can it bo a portrait of her own fpee ?' I j thought, for with all the weirdnoss whioh seemed to be a part of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her foaturee. ** But no,' I half muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered her aloud. ' I will attempt it,' I said ; and n strange, exulting smilo illuminated hor face for an in stant. 'Toll mo, now, who and what is my model?' I oontinaed; and ns I asked tho ; question my visitor's face lighted up yet once ! again with that incomprehensible smile. 41 Your model,' she replied, in a low tono 1 whioh thrilled me, 'is one who sinooshe i first breathed the breath of life has boen my ooustant oare. Sho is beautiful, the porfea* i tion of oreation. Were you gifted with the. imagination of tho gods of art and with tho bruBh ot Gu'^o, and could you sit hor alone in your studio and transfer to canvas a por* traituro of tho aome of beauty, tho perfect ideal of loveliness, you would havo no need to eco your model, for her pioture would grow before your eyes.' ' s Sho rose from her low seat in tho easy chair, and laid a card upon the tablo, , and then glided rapidly towards the door. Pausing as sho was about to pass through it, she said: ' Wo will .be ready for you at nino in the morning. Tho address is upon tho card.' The door olosed bebind her and she was gone, while I still remained seated upon tbe atool in front of my easel, oonsoioUQ ' that I had shown her but soant oourtesy, and yet, for somo reason, powerless to move. For a long timo after she had left me I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant ; why I had been ecleoted as tho artist for this work when there were so many with ready. made reputa tion who wore certainly moro oapable. I wondored who my oallor could bo, and why her presenoo hnd moved me bo strangely. I marvelled that I, who believed myself so strong, had been so easily swayed by the will of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new Bonsations long after sho had gone, while many misgivings presentod themselves to my fanciful mind as tho possible consequence of her visit. At last I rcaohed forward and took up tho card which ebo had left upon tho table, but as I glanoed at it I felt a thrill of dis may. - There was no namo upon it— nothing but tho address. Tho street and number were there plainly enough, but thnt was all. I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor oould I learn until tbo morrow. Sho did not givo me her name ; I had not thought to ask it, In faot, the moro I pon dered over tho occurrence tho morel beiame convinced that in Bome way of whioh I was totally ignorant my visitor had oompeiled me to remain satisfied with the little she chose to tell me, and that my natural zeal for learning all that could be learnrd regarding the appointment had been fur gotten. Had I been irado the viotim of a hoax, or was ray caller insane? .. Suddenly I remembered tho noto whioh Julcflbad thruet into my hand at tbo door of tho Academy, and 1 drew it forth oagerly, thinking that I would thore find some ex planationof. the chain of circumstances. . . Baft a new disappointment awaited mo fts I read tbe note, It ran j ***** »t«rvu 'Beau Blikely,— I havo taken tbe liberty of recommending your name tc a person who wishes a portrait ot the most beautiful oreaturo 1 ovor saw. 1 declined tho task for reasons wbioh you will under stand when you bco your modol. I could not havo done tbo painting justice, but I am convinced tbat you can. You know what a droad I have of anything out of tho boaten traok. I would eay moro it I ocsld, but I havo broken my word even now, for I pro mised to say nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do not even know tho name of tho person to whom I havo reoommended you. I hope that you will undertake tho portrait and saoceed well with it. 'Jules Deloiuie.' For a long timo I pondered over tho words whioh Jules had written, and then I tore up the noto nnd forgot it. ,But I had decided to keep tbo appoint ment I bad made, at all ovents. The morrow will reveal tbo mystery to mo, K mystery thoro we ro, and I oould wait. I turned out the light, and, takingmy pipe oneo more, sat for a long timo in tbo easy ohair beforo tbo window, thinking, doubting, wondering — 'dreaming dreams no mortal over dared to dream beforo,' until at last my eyes olosed, and thon I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly* lighted room, standing, brush in band, before a monstroua easel, whioh was draped with long festoons of crdpe. Tho very walls of tho apartment wore hung with tho symbols ot mourning, whilo the hush of doath rested apon the silent air. Be'oro mo stood my ?model, a oreaturo so perteot, so superbly beautiful, that I folt my own atter in ability to comprehend the loveliness of hor exquieito faoe, For many moments it seemed as though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, in desperation, I touched my brash to tho oanvas. On the instant tho entire vision ohanged, and instead of that form of magnifioent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw beforo me the face of my late caller. Bat, in somo way, even that was transformed; The latent benaty or nobility whioh I had seen in it had fled, and in its place was the faco of a woman-fiend* Tho burning eyes seemod, in my dream, literally to blazo with fire, until the flames Bhot out of them and filled tho room with a stifling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant tho face boforo mo moro and moro reassumed tbe fea tures of the face that I had seen first, until at last the radiance of that great boauty shone upon mo again. But stop 1 and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my breath for an instaut. There was a difference I What was it ? Tho faoe whioh my vision pioturcd before me, and which 1 was to portray upon tho oanvas, was tbat of my model; but even though I admitted that muoh, I felt assured that her soul had somehow gone out, and that tbo personality was that of tbe woman with tho burning eyes. Tho faoe was thoro, but tho soul seemed to have de parted. Again I lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, as tbe pioture grow, I saw tbat 1 was dspioting the livid pallor, the parch tnant- liko Bkin, and the burning, fiery eyes ot my caller instead of the face of my model. I oast tbo canvas aside, and tried again; The result was the same. Again and yet ognin I renewed tbe attempt; but with every effort tbat terrible face grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful; It booame a menaoe ; it appalled mo. I worked as I bad never worked beforo; 1 strove with all my might to pnint tho counterpart of tbo faoe of my model, but it ever seemed as though that hideous soul burned through tbe beautiful features, and I could depiot nothing else. At last, in utter despair* I threw down my paletto and bruBh, as, with n paroxysm of rago, I toro tbo oanvas into strips and stamped upon them. 44 Bring baok tbo soul that once dwelt be hind those eyes, and I will paint tho por trait 1' I oried, in my dream ; 44 but I cannot, oannot do it now !' Then tbo room resounded with a laugh which filled mo with horror — a laugh *of triumph, a laugh of mcnaco. 'Thateoul has fled, but mine is bore,' I heard the voioe of my oaller say, in piercing tones. 41 Paint that !' 44 No, no!' I oried; 11 1 oannot I I will scaroh for tho other 1 I will find it I E?en though it has boon carried across tho Styx into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back !' 41 Fool 1' returnod tbo woman. ' In searohing for that you will lose your own. Stay and paint the picturo as you find it.'1 Bat I paid no heed to her words. I dm ted away out of tho room, followed by her de risive laugh. ' Sho is a fiend,' I oried — ' a fiend I' as I hurried on. And thero my dream onded, and ill once moro becamo a blank. I elept. CHAPTER II. THE mystehy deepens. When I awoko it was broad day, and tbo sun was shining brightly upon tho fountain, whioh gashed in living Btream into tho air in tho park opposito my studio. I started and rubbed my eyes oonfuuedly, woudoring for a moment whero I was, and whyl was not in my bed as usual. 44 Ah,' I said, 41 so it was a dream after all and my pioture is not even commencod ; tho work is yet to bo done. I have not even seen my model; eho remains to me unknown.' I throw off my garments and sprang into the bath tub, feoling a dclioious conviction that tho water would effectually dear away tho-cobwebs of my exaitod fanoy, and that Blakely Congdon wonld soon again be tho proBaio artist prepared to go about with his day's work with a genuine zest, onoo moro free from a host of unseemly fanoics and weird imaginings. The dream and all that it had revealed to me I dismissed from my mind as nothing mora than tho conscquenco of my folly, whereby I had allowed my ^nind to oonjure up all sorts ot shades and pioturos after the departure of my visitor, andjuBt prior to my falling into the deep slumber through wbioh I had passed. But later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Soon I began to collcot tho necessary para phernalia for my task, for I had resolved to mnke a rapid bat thorough study ot tbo por trait required, and to perform tho major part of the work at my loisure in my studio after tho three -days of 'graco' had expired. Then, when tho hour drew near, I sot out for tho addrcBB written upon tbe card which my visitor bad left for me on tbe previous night. In tho courso of half-an-hour I rcaohed it, finding myself beforo a largo equaro houso whioh stood back from the street half hidden by the trees whioh grow within tbo yard. I v:a9 obliged to pass through a masBive gateway in tho hugo iron fenco, and thon along a winding gravel path, which finally brought mo to the marble BtopB tbat led up to the great front door. ' Certainly they aro peoplo of oonsiderablo wealth,' I mused, as I noted carefully the evidonoes . of sfiluonco upon every hand, mentally Bhuddering when I felt my artistic senses outraged by tho frightful distortion wrought in the figures ot two ooaohant lions dono in iron at oither sido ot tbe portal. I had no noed to announce my arrival, for one'half of tbo great door was open, ond just within, as though awaiting me, Btood a! servant, whom I at first mistook for a negro, until a sharper glanoo proved to mo that bo was iather of an Asiatic cast ot oounton anco, and that hiB hair was as straight ao mino; 41 Carry tbqj^to your . mistress,' I said, authoritatively, extonding my card towards him,... /- ? He took tho card, nnd after leading the way into a small reception-room, bowed and left mo, without hr.vtog uttered a word. Presently he returned, and, still without eppiking, extended a salver upou whioh reptod a dclicately-foldcd note. It was brief nnd to tho point. U apologised for tho apparent lack of courtesy in not re ceiving me in person, and said that tho ser vant would oonduot mo to tho apartment where the lady whoso portrait I was to paint was waiting to reoeivo mo. Evidently it was written in great haste, for my employer had again neglected to reveal her unme, having signed the communication with two initials only, and the^ v/cro 44M. D.' I motioned to tbo servant to lead tho way, and after again indulging in a low bow, which oonfirmed mo in the opinion tbat ho was Aesatio, ho conduoted mo up a flight of etairs and into a large room, whioh was luxuriously appointed in Oriental magnifioenco. I|]gazed around mo in rapt admiration. Everything whioh my eyes rested upon within tho apartmont pleased my artistic senses. Tho hard wood floor strewn with costly rugs ; the inviting fcoucbcB piled with delicately embroidered cushions; : the works of art by the great masters upon the walls; the tapestry— all were perfeot in their complete ness* That whioh Btruok mo as moat re* markablo was that the deeorations were in no BenEo overdone; something had been loft for tbo imagination ot the bo holder at every turn, and I stood ontranced, in tho very centre ot the room, wondering if I had suddenly beon transported into tho land of the Genii. Then I turned towards the door, intending to question the servant, but I found that he had disappeared. I was alone. At ono end of tbo room Btood an easel, rendering tho portable ono whioh I hnd carried in my hand nn unnecessary com modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with tho largo rquaro of etretobed oanvaB upon whioh I was crncated to work. I examined it critically, and found it on tiroly to my taste ; and then, throwing my self lazily upon one of tbe divans, I feasted my eyes upon tho assortment of curios around mo. A half-hour passed thus, and I was be ginning to wonder how much of my precious timo was to bo wasted in impatient waiting, when the tapestry near mo partod, and I was no longer alone. With a Budden exclamation of apology, I leaped to my feet, but tho words I would have uttered died upon my lips, and I could, for a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound, upon tbe vision beforo me. Ah, yo who dream of perfection in tho human form ; yo to pioture to yourselves tho completeness of loveliness; yo who in your leisure moments paint in brilliant colors the ideal of all that is beautiful in womankind, muBt fall far short of ths reality which stood beforo mo then 1 To say that sho was beautiful would be de* famation, for beauty, after all, is a compara tive quality, and nothing oould have com pared with her. Sho was all, aye, moro, than tho words of my visitors had proclaimed her to bo on the previous evening in my studio. Besoription fails me; words becomo empty nothingness ; language is utterly inadequate ; imagination falls as far short of the fact and as entirely fails to grasp it. as it docs when ono speculates upon tho vaotnesu and infinity of spaco. I was rooted so the Bpot, literally paralysed by the vision beforo me, and I could do no thing but gasp for breath, forgetful of my existence, of tho world, of overything except that Bhe stood there, and that I was feasting my eyes upon her. Her bouI seemed to Bhino in tho depths of hor wondrous eyes — great, blaok, dreamy, yet all ablazo with tho living fire of unknown passions. The olivo tint of her skin was re lieved by the glaro of eddying (lamo just be neaih it, while every outline cf her features was so perfect that tho Venus do Milo might have blushed from marblo into clay beforo her. The costume which eho wore greatly added to tho charm of her presence. Au artistio combination of Oriontal nnd European, shining with embroidory and glittering with jewels ; she stood beforo mo a revelation. How long I would havo remained thus spellbound and BpeechlcGS I will never know, hut hcrvoico,like notes o£ musio falling upon the stillness ot tbo room, rootled mo par* tiolly to myself; 44 Whero will you placo roe?' sho asked, her words revealing just a touch of eome foreign ' acoiont whioh X did not rocog nise. In an instant I was myself ngain, and has toned to begin tho work for whioh I now folt nothing but eagerness, although at tho thought of plnoing the counterpart of all that wondrous beauty upon tho canvas before me, I felt that I lmd undertaken an almost im* possible taak. True, I could paint tho imago of those great black eyes, but could I repro duce the soul whioh Bhono through them, tho firo which blazed in their depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing tho beholder with tho confolousness of its presenco ? I oould por tray tho faoo and features, but oould I oatoh tho something that I oould not defino, whioh, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part of her. ' Here, pleaso,' I said, ia answer to hor question ; and in spito of my resolution to remain merely tho artist, my voioo and hands trembled. But presently tho work was beguu. She did not epcak unless in answer to somequos tion of mine. Whenever I mado a suggestion regarding her attitude or cxprcsaionj^he in stantly fulfilled my wishes. Nor did sho seem to tiro under tho strain. Many times I paused and told her to rest a. moment, feeling that eho must grow woary ; but eho ever smiled a quick nogativo, and told mo to proceed. On and on I worked, becoming so absorbed in my task that I forgot tho flight of timo. My brush seemed gifted anew with tho necessity of tho moment and possessed of a talent it bad never known before— so much so, indeed, that I several times half paused in wonder at tho genius I was thus suddenly and uncxpoctodly developing, paused long enough to marvel to myself and then dash onco moro into the very vortex ot tho oooasion. With it all, howovor, I was not forgotful of my model. Many times I besought her to rest, and onco I stoppod work, saying that sbo must bs worn out, and that I would resume on tho following day, but sho told mo to proceed, that sho wao not tired, that the work muBt bo done in time, aud that an hour moro or less, thon, was as nothing to hor. ; Ones, in making somo slight alteration in j the draping of hor garment, my hand oamo 1 suddenly and unoxpcotedly in contaot with hers, and I started back with an oxolamation of dismay and alarm. - Her hand was icy cold— so oold that its mora touoh had Bent a ohilling wavo all over me. Thon I insisted upon a short rost, and Bho reluctantly complied, but although I on deavored to start a conversation whioh would tako her mind from tbo oooapation in which wo wero engaged, Bho responded only with short monosyliabio answers to my questions, never venturing a remark of her own, bo that at last I beaame as taoiturn as she, and our work progressed in silence. So tho day woro away. At noon tho same servant who had admitted mo brought a sub stantial lunoheon into tho room, und for half an hour 1 was left alono again to discuss it and to rest. Thon tho ourtains parted anew, and my most bcautoous visitor onco moro stood be fore mo. I had begun to work no ono iu a dream. There was an uuenrthly quiot about tho houso, a something unreal about my oooupa. tion whioh gradually took possession of rao until I wondcred if I would not Boon awako and dieoov(r that Ibadindocdbetnin dream- land. When Iho night drow near, and tho light becamo too precarious for rao to continue my work, I gathered up my bruehos, bo* sought my model to go and rest, and took my departure. | At tho door I encountered tho stiango ser vant, and I stopped long onough to slip a substantial fco into his hand, and to inquire of him the namo of tho pooplo by whom I was employed, but ho only grinned at tho fee and then handed it back to me, murmur ing somo words in a tongue whioh I did not understand. It was somewhat of a relief to find that tho fellow was not dumb, oven though I oould gain no information from him, so I prceeed the fee into hia hand again; but ho firmly though politely refused to aooept it, and I left the house moro puzzled than ever, Whon 1 opain reaohod my studio it was quite dark. Tbo night was warm, and I left 1 tho door leading into tbe corridor open, tbo hotter to get the benefit of any breeze whioh might bo stirring. Still half*drcamily I pondered over my work. Tbe exquisitely beautiful faoe ot my model shone beforo my eyes as vividly as though it wero thero in reality, illumined by a light electric. Tho soft, languishing glance | of her eyes— tho warm, rioh glow of her : cheeks— the delicate ourveB of hor full, red lips— the perfeot grace of her figure thrilled me through and through; and yet, in tho midst of it all, I could not forget tho ioe*liko ooldness of that ono touch, whioh hQd sent a shudder all ovor mo. It had not been liko contaot with an ordi 1 nary hand suddenly beoomo aold. It was like tbo touoh ot death itself —that wax*liko, penetrating thrill whioh is felt when ono I oomesin oontaot with a oorpso. | I oould not shake off tho feeling, nor j could I free my mind from, many unformed ' misgivings regarding tbo family, tbe people, with whom I had thus etrangoly come in oon taot. The singular call and tho order resulting therefrom ; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to mako her namo known to rao on the part ot my employer; my ter rible dream of tbe preceding night; tho silont, Asiatio-looking servant, who either oould not or would not speak my language or accept a fee from mo ; tho monosyliabio uttcr&nces; ot my beautiful model, and her very evident disinclination to say moro in my presoncethan was absolutely necessary — ayo, aud tho very patent foct that ehe, too, ns well as my oaller of the evening before, wns foreign by birth; the elegant manBion with its prinoely furniture, its Oriental charaoter; my own strange and unacoount ablo sensations, with tho almost insane desire to work on and on at tbo pioturo I had undertaken— all this and muoh more passed in review before mo in tbe clouds ot smoke whioh I blew over my head, watohing them intenlly as the draught oaught them and carried thom whirling out of the window into tbe darkness of tho night, to be lost, like my speculations of tho moment, in the vaBtness of space. Suddenly I became oonBoious that I Was no longer alone — that Bomeone had ontered tho studio through tho opon door. I turned my head lazily, without rising from my chair, expecting to see ono of my numerous friends, and resolved inwardly to out his visit as short as possible under the pretenco of retiring early, to find that my. eyes woro looking into those which had on tbe previous night refloated tho strip of gold in the western sky, from tho corridor just outsido my door. 'Sit still,' she said, calmly, restraining my effort to rise by placing a firm hand, which eeemed full of Btrength, on my shoulder. 14 You aro fatigued by your long day's work, ni)d thero is no ncoepsity for you to move. Here is a ohair near you whioh I shall ocoupy for tbo few moments I shall bo here.' Sho seated herself in it, while I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was bo as tonished by her seooud call that I could thiuk of nothing to say. 14 1 found your door open,' she oontinued, 44 and saw that you woro resting in your chair by tbo window, so I thrust aEide mere con -Ycntionality aud walked into your studio.' Again I murmured a polite nothing or two ; but before I could collect my wits sufTi. cicntly to say anything worth recording, she went on egain. il Youaio very lired, I fear, Mr. Congdon, with your long day's work, and there aro two more just as long and jast as tiresome be fore you.' 44 Yeo, I am tired,' I admitted; 4,but tho night will rest me. What I most fear is that my model will not be able to withstand tho struin of two more dayB liko this one.' 41 Your modol will not fail you, never fear,' was the madam's cool and assured reply, ' and when the threo days aro over sho oan reBt.' ?J What am I to do with tho portrait whon it is finished?' I asked, 44 Ot oourso you fulty realise that this is only a study that I am making now — that tho portrait itself must oome later; that more Btudy— aye, and moro art, must bo employed upon tbat in order to mnke it at all worthy of the original. What, then, shall I do with it when it is finished?' 'Rsaily I do not know* I had not thought of that.' 44 But, suroly, being bo anxious to havo tbe work dono before your departure, you muet wish to havo it forwarded to you,' I con tinued* II Yes, yea, to be sure 1 I will givo you full directions beforo the work is completed,' sho said. 41 And now, Mr. Congdon, I revert to tho reason for my call to-night,' 44 Yes?' I remarked, looking up lietleBBly, for I found that tho only way in which I could avoid tho strange and unaccountable sensations with whioh tbio woman's presence possessed mo was to force myself into abso lute listlosEnoss, totally disregarding allin tereBt in anything. To look up and meot thoso strange, burning eyes, was to feel the unpleasant thrill that I had noticed on the previous night; to allow my heart to bound with anything resembling enthusiasm upon any subject whioh she mcntionod waB to feel again that sense of'stifling and of oloseness whioh was so oppieBsive. 41 Tho purpose of my oall this evening,' sho continued, 44 wastoaek you a question .whioh you may consider impertinent.' 41 And that is — . 41 Bo you think that tho portrait will bo a quccgbs ? Do not start, for I am not ques tioning your talents, but your heart.' 'My heart!' 1 exclaimed. I was all in terest now;, my listlessnees was gone, and she saw it, and went on rapidly ; 'I know that you can reproduce tho faoe and form of — ot your model ; but, Mr. Cong don, can you aleo reproduce tbo beauty which shines through her being,, ind is not a part ot her matorial person ?' Sho lsaned far forward in her chair, and her eyes seemed to blaze like coals of living fire ao elie breathed, rather than uttered : 14 To paint tho picture as it should be painted, your heart must feel the boauty of that soul. Thus, your hand will boguided to perform a work which will be the marvel ot tho world. Your eye oannot aooomplish . it ; your sympathy, your soul, your— love— oan. Will you suooeed, Blakely Congdon ?' - As though gasping for a breath of air, I threw myself baokwards upon tho oushione, nnd my eyes oloaod in spito of themselves. I felt that 1 murmured a low 'Yes, I will sua* oecd,' and .then for a short Bpaoe I muBt havo beon unoonsoicus. ?'Yea, I will suooeed; but though Xwla fame, renown, and fortune, I will lose nil else tbat ia mine, for, Heaven help mo, though I have seen my model but . once — though Bho is as unattainable as heaven itself at this moment, I Iovo hcr.l' . I opened my oyes and looked around mo in i tho semi- darkness. My visitor had gone. i Then I aroso, ana m vory bittorness of spirit thro?? raysolf despairingly upon my bed.— ( 7o be Continued.) ; ? ? : ? i 