ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE PROTEST ANSWERED. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR,-In your issue of the 8th inst. appears a letter from a lip loyalist, under the nom de plums of " A New South Welshman," which charges me with sneering at the Church of England, and delivering a stump oration on the 28th ult. and 4th inst. On one of these occasions, I am charged with using insulting language towards two young gentlemen whom I have nevar in any way come in contact with, unless as a passing friend. This Post Office Ghost says: "The teachers band together, and I am sorry to say there is no justice from the Department." What a bad lot we are, by the latest news from the spirit land. It is not a bad dose from a *' ghost." In fact tho Hinton Ghost can lick Hamlet's, Henniker Heaton's, Riama, or any other " ghost." I give a f*>w particulars regarding his story. When my attention was drawn to the matter, I had no difficulty in finding the ghost's tomb, and at once went to beard him in his den. The ghost I did not see, but I found his mentor. Obtaining a satisfactory answer, I then saw tho Rev. R. E. Goddard. He knew nothing about the matter. He told me he never heard any com- plaint; waa not aware that the children were , insolent ; did not think he had any cause to com ' plain ; that he had over and over again said I was far more kind and obliging than I need be. I felt certain he would say nothing else. When he comes to give the children of his denomination religious teaching, I give every advantage in my power. I will continue to do the same, in spite of this meddlesome wanderer from the grave, so long as it does not interfere with my work. Twelve months ago, when the children of this denomination had the misfortune to lose their Sunday School teacher, I taught the best lesson of gratitude in my power, and I am glad it stands as a memorial to fasten this fanatic ghostly mentor ¡IB a perverter of the truth. Her last visit to me about preparing tables for examin- ation allowed her a chance to traduce the very people she professes to love ef "having to do their dirty work," but this only now I find out Bhe slandered me to them over it. 'Twas fortunate I was not alono at the time. What a pity the ghost did not know the quotation he was using was from a letter which appeared in your paper, and had nothing to do with the children or school. The gaseous brain of the mentor of the ghost thought it would sound well if it were connected with any words that may have been corrected in school. But the ghost shows best when his hair is set up (according to cable news) and sings For England home and beauty, then arranges his or her kilt (because you are to remember the spirits aro of different sexes) and probably after a bumper or two (as in days of yore) breakB out with The mon of merry merry England, The men oí merry merry England, Come let the bottle pass, and toss another glass For the merry merry men of England. To all this I have not the slightest objection. Her or his days in the flesh may be repeated adñnitum, but I do object to the yarns spun in fairy land, and say they happened in school here. Oh the 28th ult. the lesson given was " The Cavalry Charge at Balaclava." Ï have this week repeated the lesson, and invited all concerned to attend and hear for themselves. Strange, but true, no one heard the wordB reported by the ghost : even the relatives of the ghost think it was manufactured. But it may startle some of your readers when I say this Hinton spirit is related to the Kiama one, because ever since I went lo hear the Irish dele- gates I have had no peace from the ghost. I was declared unfit to teach the mentor's children, who said she could wade to the knees in blood for her " Church and Queen." I have read all the discussions of " Bones and I," when the skeleton has to liston to his master. Bnt this is better. I could put up with the ludicrous part of it; but when mischief is the ghost's only food, then I must clip his wings. The oration on the 4th instant, as stated by the Welsh Ghost, must be an error. In fact, I found he meant the 3rd inst., when the word " Loyalty" came in au examination paper to use in a sentence. This lesson has also been repeated, and just to show how far prejudice goes I give the sentence written by a relative of the mentor of the invisible Loyalty is abolished in America. But question this child on anything else, and you will find one any parent might be proud of. I am charged by the ghost with omitting to teach " All men should love one another." Why, if the ghost had heard me picturing a battle field his very bones would have rattled. Even the song by " Jennett and Jeannot" was not forgotten. _ In part with my friend, I would advise him to get into his grave and let men who are alive do the fighting. Lot him encase himself, and place on the covet R. I. P. If he does not, he will put me to the trouble of dragging him out of his tomb and burying him where ne will rest. I have also to tell him I know little about the Old Book of which he speaks ; but I know this verse of Burns' Then let us pray, that como it may, As come It will for a' that;.. When man to man the world o er. Shall brithers le and a' that. Seeing I do not ask favours often, I trust that you will insert this and oblige, yours etc., M. THOMPSON. >?? , Hinton, February 13,1890. 1 