SYDNEY, Weducd'toy, J.25 p.n. IN the AHRsembly to day the deolto on thu eoouud leading of the Chown lhoilt Bill wts cotinuod. Mr. Gao:rvai ioveodt an oirlend. 100nll irli 1r,01 01 olirid:l. Tlloro i-ill bent which was negativtd. There will probablly bo an all-night sitting. Thelotrih in shilpping circles il now alasulL. ing vetI' Veriou0 proportLionl?. Oter eighIty stlnei ore offi?ected, iand ii ono nooece pro dule and olLthr lrtliclle couvu\yeld frlonl prlt to port by inhtroloerlnial veiool are lieingi in plie:. Flour tha advianced 1(10/. per ton; daily prodaeC in 20 per cent. higher; maizo lhai dvrlolccd 3d, per buhEllo ; ,ad ithe tsup. ply of wihnat being very low, quotationt afo much higher. Advanced rcltn Ire laked for oats, inlnd(0on and ptats fllloii e dIlooror by £1 per tlo; chall hai iloo to live guinean; hay in foloblitlg hih licen; and to-lorrow all the alovoe q1t01ouioni are liloly to1 taIo i lfurther nupwald t3ndne1y. lltuiourl i re uolloilt ifu Sydniey nhat tho slolie R at the 11i xIollR.tll.] have givenll twenly. four holur' notice. The co0tl lutpvT, will not dischargeo oial), und if tim rtrike l?aste thlro 1l000li the gas colnllrmoy'1 l 'i .ly0 will be ti . huorted, and 11h1 city will Ib ill darknLes. T'elograms lolln \ilboturno slato that the seamlelr have decided to lloake lost ca0O of tile Mangona, whicrl arrived thlor 10a?t night. The owiat alre htying to got theu hip awOy beoforo the tIwenty-foulr hlourl' nlotio o:lirei, but if they slccood in geIlting her tcedy for sea the uno deterlile to Ollie till in I0 body and tal;o the Oonst;quncel . The 0 ip. owners say thalt no coIfournco il which all oare concerned can be h0ld unlosi a o u 0 tanll tinl do posit be made by all partie a00 at gularauntee thlat tuy agremoent arrived at ohnll be olborvoed. The crowa of euooral vYLenlot are being paid off and schemes are being adopted by owuotn to got the vessels to nar boloro thIe nolico expire, LONDON, August 19. A O?TcorNtt at Odto in lritish India has do. troyd he ine and te vines nd rop, using a los of ono million atorling, One thousand deathl have ooourredl in Slpain from oholra,. Iilln's Shk?l cesperiwn Coln. paIlly.-At ilth Acaldemy of MAitoi last night iMr. G. O. Mile nad Complpny opened for a two . night noa0sn with thel 'vetr- populllar Iragedy of a t nllt. The attooduaco wa? very lnrto and fashionable, Mr. lIilni toItor the loeading olracter, antd lntndll it in a mannterly 100nn110, and weo i not doullbl that ho lihan left in the mino of tlhose who wit. urno00 l the illlporsonltilloll Il nloot flvollr able implronion. Ilia delinatlion lllowed careful study of thIl dilliomlt part of the Prilnce of Dlltnmark, lia dmioaoouor u through out being quite illn koping with the fanoulls injunctlloion which lHaolt iven to the pllayers. Mies Louiao Jordoan, a ylung American noltrls who filled the role of OjtI'olin, imlpnarltd a delicaoy and froeshlon to the alnoattor' wlhich gave oevdent delight to t11he audieo . The heading charactrs woreo well rsupportted by the other rnerl.?rn of thu compllany, Lho par1'ts heing austailnd as follow :--Olauditiu (King), .Mr. W. J. Cogrovro; Pl'olonius, Mr'. W. lol man ; LtcLtts, Mr. J. II. NInnI ; Ghost, Mr. Kaln; Qoueno, Mie I. D)ouglan; and Play Queeon, .MiPse lrantles llHo. Tw'l.nightI the clnasical comedy, the Mltrchant of Venico, will Ii produced, and from1 the interest evinledtl a largoO attondlnmo may be looked for. Tickets can bate obtaied from Mr. Wilnot 1E3yro at the Academy of MuaiO betweoUn Ilove:n nid 01n o'clock thin morning, this arrangomlent boeing dlldu to avoid theo cltol alt the 1paybox ait night, The Iialf-lHolid:ay Asoio:iatliou held i moeting 1t tilli MeIchanics' Inltitato on Tueaday last, whoa theoro we a fair attlodanlc of membtrs. 'The ilrincipal huoniess wan1 tilhe reading and adoption of the1 balance.sheut of thnlast concert. It was decidod to hand over the balanco, amuuuting to £7 10/tI, to the Ladise' City Mission. Mention of the lato Mr. Wt.n, D)lavioa wa0g made, rnu it was dooidod to orito Ia lotter of condolenceo to his widow, out of ro spoot to the gro0t, interest he had taken ill ltho Halt-Holiday nutd Early Clueing As.ocinu ltion) ts 110 wa one00 of the first eoployor? to close. Accideltllt.-IOn Tue?day morning lnst Mr. I. Shlophord of Charlton Inme with a pi0n fl naoidoent thronghi being kicked in tho throat by a horec. The injurioa reoivoed were of ia serious lnatir', but under tiohe slilful trontment of Dr. Morton Mr. lShopherd is prIgrolO ilng mot untisltlctorily. The diroutor of agriculturn lian received novoral hundrodwl:ight of Zante currants grown in Cowra distriet. Thi' is regalrded no tieboi uinning of an implortant industry. The arrantl are statedo to be quite equal to the best imported article. With regard to the alhoting diloulty, a tolegram from llllourbrno totaI'e that it bha Iranrlpired that English i hipowuers have given special iustruotionl to vcesulo Railing for Auotralia to ol)ip non-union wool at all hazards. It it expected that Mr. W. Anderson, 1mumbcr for Villioro and lloytonbury, will be thile now Viotorian post tal ter-Iguenral. ob'O o )verwl'lor!etl B?urillI s U1O IIoritord's Aoid Pl'hophatn. Dr. Ed. T. Johnson, M.RO.S., 121 tlioe-lano, Walton, Liverpool, say : "I Ihave uieod it with very good result in cases of overtaxed and over worlklod bralins, oneo ill particlelar, a school. inmalor, where it noted liklo a OharL ."-Advt, 1666 To protoli0 upon 0 h01 oredulity of the publio to the prejudioo of its health ia thoe iworst formi of chlrlatantyr Thin is lning again attompted by souanpmli importers and voudors of bad liquor, flavoureo d willti LonIO cheap drlig or uextract end asrt:rLLd to bo oimilar to,.or 1i s0mln0o 01, WorrT'ofi oeIiuTirst, I, rldialoted booeorage itf th IlthighCSt tOaudiegp.-Advt. 2587 