MR. SMITH ON FEDERATION. : As was predicted, the prolongation and postponement of the federation debate lias, so far from strengthening that movement,- had a directly contrary '-?- ?j'! j « i i \ K!f i s rr j,- v t n ri r f f y-, effect'.- 'The'-iiiore-'-hdnbrable-. lheinbers turn the matter over in their minds, the more lions they see in t-he pnih, and the nio^et'fii'nilyj-,the^ fire .convinced that the i time has' not' conic for' such' iv step' to'be taken. The Hon. J. Smith's speech in tlie Legislative Council, .last. Aveek, is 4he expression oT' the opinion of very many conservative colonists who, not- being susceptible to the theatrical effects and. gradiloqucnt eloquence of Sir Henry Parkfas} flnd, not » being 'dSpendent upon, 4 j .??! i ». I 4°.- s1 . f . -j i)lw $ tlie grace 1 of ' tliat ' gentleman for their political existence, have calmly considered the subject from ' the common sonse|yi^w' of ''lo|.s''or gain (to our owuf'cdloiiy, *andi' from - this stand point the practical results are to be found all upon!' oncosidel :;rWiiIe'ss7th'e,,faet. bo. faced, that .' federation, means speedy separation from the mother country, and the. conclusion arrived at that such a result is so hiiich to' be'desired '(hat this1 coloiiy'is'prepared to1 iriiikc largo; sacrifices t'rt' 'gain ' it,! 'then ; it Svoiild' !bb l|e'tt'or: to' abandon the project altogether,' for' the' scheme ,of- Sir Jlenrv .Parkes, .if_ .oyer i - ;-j { i » !? ;i I I ? {j ips carried^: lout, ibanl\neverj ciidiu'c...' j jMr. Smith is probably perfectly 'correct when he says ' Queensland, ipnild go ^in^for, separation to-morrow. She has already unfurled the flag of Young Australia in refusing the subsidy to the British Navy,' and it must be borne -in, ^niud . that long before the Premier federation fad can come to any- jiractical resijlt.thero will bo three ](§iieonsIi\iids' hli iiinbluHlj;\vitli- the! spirit of Young Australia each holding a representative plhqe .in ( tliq t Dpniinipn; Parliament, and witl.ua rapidly' (growing population which would bo sure to make itself felt in the councils of the federation, by its representatives, whose influence would be exerted for independence, and the building up of a nation. Nor is it at all likely tliat 'tiie geuunitiou now growing up in New South 'Wales, whose attachment te Great Britain is but a legendary senti ment, and who will in a few — a very fe^v j — years take charge of matters political^ will he far behind their northern neighbors in the demand that as these colonies are already independent in fact, the recogni tion of the'authority of- the--old™coiintry is no longer necessary or expedient. Mr'oSniith ;is/evidon% . iiot^alamied at the bogy of invasion, which, like the Iviania ghost, it suits the poTlcy'o7'Sir Henry. Parkes to call from the vasty deep. . , :-i ;?.'?? fill i )'5-l ii i 'jiki hbrM' ot-lns' yivid imagination, even though it ?were materialized by the united craft of Sir Henry and his familiar General -Edwards into ay ChiiiQse 'Navy. /'He -recognizes that the positioulof , Australia is such that she would be comparatively .'safe! ..from£'s'uch 6jYtVSge ,'4in™ 'anyHcaSfi? altl^ough lie apparently loses sight of the fact that the world lias so far advanced that {lie wliole'mbral 'force of'the'iiatioii^ i-would .he, brought to bear against any, such proceeding,, and also* that the - day; of buccaneer naval .warfare has gone lor' ever. His speech will- be .likely, to do; niuch good, and will'Stiniulate others' who dare hold,' an opinion differing, from Sir, Henry! Parkes to, publicly express them selves; anil thus1 biing aboutrthe 'defeat of a scheme which was V-onceivecl . by, personal lanibition, and would lfail in any I results beyond the personal aggrandize-' nient of its promoter. ' Parke'siiin federation is dead, and the tomb which contains, the; projects to rename the colony and to establish a colonial mausoleum stands open to receive it into the oblivion of abortive personal ambitions. 