FOi5:iRADii 1LNSAY, STORY OF A BUCCANEER. ALNOUS I. REACI. laTtL5t, se of telat veoltn os AsT.l, siare i men . hire tC:le;r chLr., andlE IDcio S ti io, n.r l tear. er anler ooomerit ino ?~ .n I?ha?ai uihl?t-y. lse roa y fruf a h'hs twin flt. a 50. unjust tsrgotinl Smr3 isle is one ofwlrenG,:1 it onaokLe of o.t . heIrSv tiae of Os 0'e;r it dtraw a fa?r 5 Lp.'d erin t atht of tn ,ber In aoe O iur ,an,!?d will o tLre a orm iek ry t`; t piiyiooiosotheon swbthocesss "'no .hhC5ni baor4 othe liae.": CIAIPTER L caTnOO)ttOOO. J.D00 :OP or1tr3 COOrT Aw5T At , as, art CmIcrem koT Ta silo, L.ands GarNr wXr t+e.. Sss in the foir sunlight of a tiay rmon r ns the ren r of Grace ilGrt, that that sa~ bmreealip. the o Golnodevn oe of L?I kgald her besad sails, with many a trrino l tpoded. t and estenuer abovel 5it. 5 et'otl proully down the Firth o Fads. desi:noing to reach the open gae~, not far foom the hill. well known itoiners by te, name of the North Bierwick ' ,ArOn bofed of the Golden Grvee, I rsard LinluoLs, then in my twenty-econd ror, wia, yos m?, t know, a saolr, and I Tra bold aec. My father w s a fisherman, r , Iy mar xer, his canbl was my na llh . A Sa roagLo oaseu og ins teth it bestowed tnnme, for it was his use oven before I o Alue, te )nrry me with hima fr ho ir. wrepped ':' it mar be, in a tatteresdaall, w?~ m moth'r. with a crel upo her back, I areneyed the,:gh the landward towns, and the hiores of the gentry, to s?il the spoil t book and net. We tfl h:bl andl worked hard; for not eve iau:ori,, h foeh lived in'the o her.town t dle irek Le ie,?h a osant and goodly spo t, lring not far fo,m the East of Nouk o Fife, tao old Dorse Lindsaynd Jews, his wist andmy oether. Many a weary night and day hvre romo a gone since t I beheld that tbch whe.ron I was horn; but I can yet set my rev and seeor cetage and oor o piet- called the " Royal Thiostls"'-roniking al'tbl lee of the long rough pier of unh wn ,iasene. gathered from the wild moirsn ,rInd, which ern into the era and theltreo c de tintt fhlo r harbour, formel by the burn t SBa?we.rie, where it joins tle waters of its ~k pools ton the salt brine. Opposit our toea was a pretty green boueck, as we alledit, that ii to say, alittle hilll, mostly oft right green turf, with bunches of bent and km g.t3, which rustled with a sharp sad eand when the east wind blew mell, adareerpin ef, ily into the chimney neuk, I re would lten to the roaring of the fa. But the bosroek was oftentimoe brown I with nets or with wet sails stretched there to c , and below it there lay, half-buried in and, old bherts, mouldering away, and mass nd oars all shivered, bleaching like Sbones inthe sun and the rain. 1 Sremember old Daeis Lindsay my father I ellU. He weo a stern, big man, with a I grisly grey lana, shao but onoe a anth. tWe fiher on the coasre t had I acorer hoand for the ti?er or a firmer himpe to haul ant the sheet of thate lagsail in a fresh breeze and a gathering ma. Often when we were rising and falling en theea.rly swell, half-a-score miles from Kirk Leslie pier, he loved to tell meold- I worol tales and sing old-world songs of the t e. 'Thaen wmhld he reonuot how the Rover snu the hell which good abbot Ignatius, of I Arbrothwick, nsed to be placed upon the I wid Bell Rlock, as a guide to poor marimos ; nd how the irnate deed thewe·rd-that is, andcrfent the ate-he had prepared for hi?nwei, and lest with ship and crew on that vy reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop his voice, and when I came oloes to iim, he ald epsak of great monstern in the sei; of oc ean ennk,, whose head Icoled up at the tridge of Stiriing. and whose toil went nine Atie. around the Bar; of singing mermaids who eome upon the yellow sands at night, nd beguile mon with their false l.ys, till they blr honee and home, being bewitched by the ptmonr of elfin palaces under the brine; nod, nmot terrille of all, of phantom shiprs with carew of ghosts, which sailor see byr the plo glimmeringa of the moon. when it shines through the driving asnd, noa a mir midnight and a ruar iag ? e. Bot, them, if I wa fright Oed and criedt my father would straight uy hbange the theme, and burst out with a tog le wr vo into camo loud lihine song a, wha? I Iormo better still, into ome brnave. ancicnt bIlla?l, about the fair kingdom of Scotlnd, and its gallant kint antb stalwart n ights; and ofseh, my foaresrite w wh the la of Sir Patrick Stens, for he was both a knight nd a sarilor. rThe hin, itr is D ulermiine t nt , Drsakiot stla? tore-eod ini.l 0 whet wassl I ret e ,oki; per To a sl the ship sp m re I Thsed nmps ao ke an olees knhoght, ( rtat the king's rioht kt. a ir bPti-k Sepua ia the hooite oa. That erl tailed the sea. Oh, I can yet bear my father's strong voice rifng over the dash of the water and the mmn of the wind, as he sung the brave mensgo of Sir Patrirk to Norrowa, to bring hbome the king's daughter; but his tones wold oink and grow hoaer and low, when he chanted the storm, and the perishing of all the fair conmny on the voyage home. 0\. fbrob mile o Aberdeea 'isl .r fathoem deep, dad thse ta , es Fin ir 'mtriLsk Syns, Wi' the dst blrds at hi fe?t. My father's long home was oi?t the bottom oI the seL One stild March day, the roble lft Kirk Leri. p r, r without me. I staid at ?re mend lmd- drodeir-net with my mother. Ty h s:csterly her was on the rast, that L tro say, thick sold mists and keen wi:.. As the sun rose high so did the tetmpo.; we could sio nought sea ward, for the t-rey fog wa out upon the waler, but eresr wnae came white, over and ver the pier, fe,i eno t' aod. My mother wtol to and r, sran, and praying to her self; as inde hiid many another fisher wile, for they : pd great cause.. The night was awful. ! st toweringl be?idde my toier, who wl rooking herHelf on a ettle wiolherapron. vesrher head; or now and thensatoe domn toh the bah, to whero meon foodwaith hn lAnet upo manct to show the harhourt mooed to the poor folks at ea. Three boat, , t ~is ews pale and wores, made the lond boefor c day: an hour after dawn ~a bohlecam, :s'ing to the ot?oide belt of Int sef-bnt rs w s bottem upwards. In a maouth soer this, my mother andI wentto her fr--or's, a oryn old man, andn Goeend ritor t, the kirk. He sent me to scholl to Dominie Buchanan, a learned earle, who by his own account behoved to be of the race of the great Geordie Buchanan, of whom they tell merry tales, which surely are idle and flr. or t wats a svere, perve man, adi handlede the ?awo unmcrifally, as his rqolpupil, gest/e King Jamie, oould in his t well tofy. At is'hool I was diigcnt, d-l asd master and friends. Aterwards, up to my rixtesuth birthdar, I wot mohol a fi?bing in the boat of Sansdhe Drangglfutc, my maternal uncd, when do bring to see amonr of mr rountry than could b devred in one furths'vt voygs between Kirk Leslie pier and the deep-sea fisheries at theack of the Ioe of May, o mw de f-nony srrtin tripe, fur the space oft near fiev oare, hi the stoot btri Jean Liriaelpono, beloiineg to Kirkaldr, durino which time I twice eie ted the fosmes and the hay of London; plying also onee sech year with a gevat ?seg l eerrintg to Antwuezp, in tlh Low s oantris. Sot owslll wis to se the world further from home, and to thols intent preferred rather 10 go on board the Goldeln (lres of Loith Sotmnmon saldor than tlo be mate of the Jetn Lirie,tuoo, a promotton whieh was offerd me by John Swanson, skipporand part owner . tthe brig. The reason of my toming to think of the Goldon Groee wes,'that the Jeer Litinsxtone hating a carg of goods from Yarmouth to Eolinbhrgh, iy while they were delivered obo. by the -rest ship, then preparing at the foot o Leith Wynd for a oysl"eo to Italy, od from theses to divers ports o0 the EOihnoida of the Meditetanom n sa. Now IJtty was a land whieh I had lon wisbaol to behold na losin once the et of that great people the Rooans, some knowlo-lgo of the I5si. Buchanan had not failed to instil m., boa twhich I oltlin felt with pa to b, io?t fuding from my mindL Ineel, I must tell yon that'it is to the.ezrer.ons f i that learned fmtan't? this narrative is alto gether owejag, for he, seeing, as ho was r pleael to any, a more conagrial soil i my I mOind f.:r te sowoi of his e?tractionte than was presented by the other fishor-boys, took greet pains to imbue me with a love for o the hn oanities, which hue not descrted me entirely until this day. After much ponder- . iag upon my propects, I therefore finally v made u, my mrend to offer myself on boar a of the aolt?a Grove, which I did. and was cepted withont nore oado. My friends a would have me panes and think of the t dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and p robbers of the w ; but I know Captain John a Coeon, of the Golden Grove, to be a stout I andt experienced senmaa, and one who was r redily trusted with rich freights-whilo as b to trobooteoa, when I looked upon the arsny of eulvermin, demi-culve.-ins, mad falconeas b ranged upon the decks, and also the show of a carabince and patterreroes placed about the I masts, with many stout fello-s to man and d wield them, I felt we could bid defiance to r ant rover who ever ailed out of Sallee. a therefoea, to make a long story short, we g completed our cargo, took in provisione and a water, and, as has been said, on a fine ?May o morning, I do not renmember the onext day, a weikd, The wind was so fair that by event- I fall we saw St. Abb's Head. d And hero at the outset of w-Lat was to C me sotadventrous a royage, I would des- a ribe my captain and my shipmates, as well as the stout reooel herself, the latter being o indeed a bravo craft, with tep-gallant fore- t castle and high poop, surmounted by three great lantertns; but, ai the reader will shortly perceive, the Golden Grove and I saon parted " enoany, and I never sow either her or any of her crew again. We carried the fair north wind ~with n. all alone the Eglioish coast, until passing thrmugh the Straits of Dover, we bade fare well to the white nliffs. Then in two days' time we saw upon the larboard bow great rocks which form the cape called La IHogue, in France, and passing tb the westwa_-d of the island of Guernver, siahted the little isle of Ushart lying off tLh port of Brest, where theo French mainintain fleets and great naval e stores. Iereaboats the wind clhanged, veering rount to the westward, and ei elily I rolling in upon us billows so ttva t we n could well diorn that we were no longer in the narrow eeas, but exposed to the great strength and fierceneP c of the Atlantio or n W\estern Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, 0 owe mde good progees. The breeze was it not steandy, but blew in squalls, makin8g itn often necessary to hand topsails, ad raisint o great seething ?aes around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day of our voyage, we lost sight of Lohant and entered into the grbat 0ay of Bieca . The sea hero runs xearedingly high, tumbling into the shore in b great rid?-s of blue water; but with a stout ship, well manned, the nature of the waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling surges in the North Sea. And now I come to the accident which so asdly deter. mined my lot for manl a day. t On the morning of either the 13th orthe 14th May the weather was qually and ?na settled, and the o irreglar and high. About S o'clock, looking forth to windward, Isaw a great blackness in the sky, which I a took to be the prelude of a gnt of no oommon strength. At the same moment the mate of the watch ordered the topmen aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canras. My station was upon the leeward fore- topeail yardarm, and me I clung Sthemanropo to the great crearkig piaes Its timber, ~ gringr the de tterings anvse of d the ail, IthouhI had never seen a finer f ight than the grat tolling ship below, -allai and l abo m the whiteo fonming ses which ssomtme e strike r her and ponyeer ey mase of cleargeee water 1 in a flood orer the docks. When we werel ercuring the sail the motion aloft was very I great, we being violently swung from side to c aide in such wise as might well make giddy eren the grizzled head of an old mariner. Meratime, the gust to windward was coming fast; the blackones inereased, and a rushing I sound, as of the chariot wheels of a host, rose above the rude clamour of the sea.. Then, amid eeat ahowers I of flying brine, which it drove be fore it. the fiereo wind struck the ] Golden Grove bodily over upon her aide. At the seme instant I hoards hoarse voice below summoning the men from the yards down 1 upon deck; but as i was about to obey, the tepet grew terrible. There were great Aouda of mist above me, through whit I could see nought below but the white patchee of waved breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not been quite uacurt, was torn open, as it were, with a loud screech by the wind, and filpped and banged so that I felt the very mant shake and quiver violently, while 1 reeied rude blows from the looe I and flying ropes, insomuch as, being half blined by that and the pelting of the brineI shut my eyes, and bending down my head grasped the yard sirtily in my arms. I might have remained thus three or four secnde. when Iheanrsthcloudhowlof the windsuddenly in rcreaeto aortofeldritch ~e~am. Ina ioment, the mast gare two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and imme diately a crnhing of wood. Then, still cling ing to the yard, I washurried with a mighty rush through the air, and sudidenly plungt?d down into the choking bre, which 'rose all gurgling over my brd, and I knew at the rame time that the'Gaiden Grove had earried away her fore-topmast, and I was overboard in the boilingaa.. .. By instinct, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so as to get my hend and ehoeldero above water. Then I saw that I was aleme in my misery. I have sail that thy station was at the outer end of the yard, and I conceive that myr hipmates maut have gained the top, and from thence, I hopel, the deck. But as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The seas rose in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the warves dowan into the hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed awiftly, tore by the sqal; bat tho pitehy darknscs which aowed where ito strength tlay, was far down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose upon a higher sca than common, I faintly drteried the ship in a srippled plight, but thaving managed to put her helm up so s to scud before the storm. She was already near a league away, and leraving me Isaft, so that the bitternes of death rose up in my very heart. For a moment I thought I might as well die at once, and letting go my hold of the spars, I allowed mysrlf to sink bck-ward into the ea. But God has wisely made man to lore life with with a clinging love, and to crapple with death as with a grim euemy. Therefore, as the water eloed above me, and I felt saffocating, I could not help making a strugle, which soon roplaced me on my deloete seat on the fnoating wreck. I looked atthe pare, and saw that the topmast had broken only about a foot bneaath the plieo to which the yard hal been lowered. Nearl the whole of the fortp and the top-ga nt masts of the Golden Grove, with the frag mente of the foretopsail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened toy therefore in the sea. I clambered in from the end of the yard, and took up my position where the mast and it crossed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of the numero~n end of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hour stdismal5and almotbmo n-hearted, un heedful of how the waves tossed me to and fro, or how they sometimes burst over and alm?t stifled ma. I was rorewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and blking abroad wear that the cldouds had broken, and that the eon was shining brightly on the e, The winil was also abated, and the waves not combing oso violently, I was more at nase. Then I heard that terriiio suntd--thbo Isound of the sea alone-which no one Shalistened to nave he who has swam far tatom any resel, or who, like myalf, has ,clng to a driving apar. O the b?eac you hear the surf, where the waves brst uponm I rock or sand; oao hipboard you hear the Sdassing of the billots on counter and prow; and, abore them all, the sigh o the wind and the groanning of the timbers 1 and mass. But to iear the me slomne. a you. mint be aio a a tmh I :will tell vou of the noise: it is as of a greet I: multitudinous hiss, rising univervally about I you-the buzz of the fermenting and yeasty f waves. There are no deep, hollow lumblings. n Enxoept for that hi`cing, ?scithing o ounl, the I great billows ri.o and Iii: in ialnc': and you look over a tumbling waste of blue c or green water, all laced and dashed. a and variocrted with a thousand I stripes, nd streak., and veins of o white glancing froth, which embroider L as it were with lace, the dark masses of o hearing and failing oean. Hearing this a sound, and seeing this eight, I tosed until n the sun got high and warm. I felt no v a p:Ignant anguish, for my soul was clothed, L as it were, in a epecie of lethargy-tho e livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to t pray, but thoughts and tongue would grew v benumbed together. I Onceo, indeed, I was for a time arosead. 1 t hoard a sharp little dash in the water, and a 1 soft quackle, as of a sea-fowL Looking up, t I descried beside mo two dueks of that spjcies c which we, in the Scottish o-as, called mar nrts; they are white on the breast and ame , and brown above, and have very bright, glancing, yellow oyes. Moreover, they dive, and ose their short wings under water, asr other fowls do theirs in flying. By the appearance of theie creatures I knew that land was, at farthcst, within two days' eail. There-- tilting gayly over each sea-they swam for hours, seeming to look at me; sometimes they would dive, bat they never went far fro;a the wreck, always a coming up and rilding haal to wind, with their kn yellow eyes fixed, as I thought, i upon the poor drowning mariner. They u seomed tame and fearless- for, indeed, what should they drea from me I Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, I raised my arm I threateningly, but they stirred neither wic ? u nor leg toi flee, lifting over e-,as which would make a great man-of-war work and greoan to t her very keel, but which these ieathered t ships, built by Goa, could outride without an film of down being washed aside from their s white breasts. Th seon, having attained it :zenith, began to descnd the westerly shies, and the afternoa m n as fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a tummer branze. 1 Son etimes when ea the crect of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought seve the bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of the waves rose and fell in :arying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covcring my face with my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to myself, many verses of psalmt, which, when I was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's knee. Meantime, I began to fee. a stiffen ing and a heavy drow?ine s over allmy limbs and upon my soul. when I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers eolorsa before my eight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was de parting. Ilowbeit, a holy tranquility came down upon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw-but dimly-the green bounrok and the sweet, soft awarded links of the Balwearie burn, with the brown herring nete drying on the windy grass. The place seemed holy and still; the sun was hot, and none were stirring, and presently I knew it was a summer Sabbath day, for from out the open windows of the grey old kirk there name a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voices of the congregation, as they sang In Jadah's land o i well kanwa Hi namse in Lasese! pea In Baleasrnhis tbernei In Zlon is lah at After this, there came on me eilense and darkness, I having gradnally fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rude shooks and pulls, and a confused clamour of vroces. Opening my eyes with effort, I sew aurgtng upon the broken water, close to the spars, a ship's boat with men, one of whom-he who rowed the boat oar-had gmvsped the collar of my sea dob!iet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he sunceeded, ere I eouldwell makeont whermbontalwas. Attbe eametimeoseveralvoice asked, in two differnt languages, what was my name and country, and how I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one being French and the other low butch, of which I had bhoard and picked up somewhat in my several voyagee up the river Sheldt to Antwemp. I therefore, tryin to mstemy ernses, replied truthfully that my name was Leonard Lindsay-that I was a Scotina, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, where from I had fallen overboard, the spar to which I clung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in teupcstuous weather. At this they con?ulted in a low tone amongst thevmrrn?es. They were all eoafariear men, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by the sun and the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earirnge, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two were fair and blue-eyed-namely, the men who first addnreeed me in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brih time bonito the spars, andseeming to consult as to whether they were worthy to be made a prize of, they decided in the negative, and dipping their oars into the water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching the run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of the boat, and looking over the bows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from us, a bark, which appeared to be both emall and frail to con tend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and rtrange to me, for she carried two masts, both very stoat and chort, and above them were two great supple yards, upon which was spread a good thow of canvas, each sail being of that triangular form, called by the seamen who use them, latoen. In fine, the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean oanet of France, and was of the class named feluccas. It was neoouary to approach the versel with great caution, inasmuch as she rolled and surged excessively. We therefore eame slowly up, under her lee quarter, and a man, of very dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes I ever saw, jumped up upon the gun wale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so ropidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board, it was made fast to me, and without more ado, I was soused into the Mea, and dragged on board the felnocs, where I lay pantng on the deck, while the crew-very wild and fiere-looking sailors--amused them solves with my wretch?d appearance. lr'sently, however, the man who had hailed the boat, and who seemed to have great authority on board, osmo up to me, and putting the revt aside, smid more ddelibierately than before, but still in Fresch, and with a peculiar acent "You are not, then, a Spninlrd i" I mustered my few woBod of rench, and answered, that-"I was not, but a Soots Withont more ado, he stooped overeme. and parcehed my pockets. They oontained some small Enlioh coins, being grost? and silver pennies, and alo a letter, which Cantain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone. hadn written to ma to Loith. The sight of these thing appeared to stiefy his doubts, for he poe a few words in a kinder tone to those aboat him, and'orementlylosaing me, a Sman dressed in a tarnished livery, like a lackey, brought me a great cp of hot dis I tilled watere,whhich I geodilyswallowed,and Sfound myaself mfortid and refresheld. SBeing, however, much exhausted ftma the length of time which I had passed in the water, I laid me down upon a heapof sails I in the foreceatle, and being taken but little I notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my I deliveran.e, and berna to drop oni io leep. IOnly beforehand, like a maler, I obseved a the oure of the ship. The ried being a westerly, and she being elao-.hauled, and Slabouring hoeavily to windward, I deemed, . nd with tenth, that her destination must be oacross the Atlantic. But whithersoever she a went, with my then feelings, mattered little. SI was asved from an early death, and grate. s fil for my eCape, I fell into a deep and n When I wkesd it was dark night, and a the flet watch was set. As the wind, how ; ever, was nawvery steady, and the sea not o only lower but regular, the men were mostly I lying ann d dosn about the &dk;, ecept he a, that eannal ndhsthat tere. Seei me I tsarig, a ail" npewatlysm1 ton me wth lantern in his hand. and, to :y great joy, insresrtd, me in Ength1i, siog meu from from whence I came, and the particulars of tmy diotster. 1Halkig shartly informed him, I requeated that he would tell me what the ship oas which had rescuu' me, azd what manner of treatmoent I might e?peet atthehandsof the captain and, crew. At eist, he made as if he would put off talking of these matters, but as I was importunste, he a?ried me in turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principaliy Englishmcn, French men, and Hollandtro, who carried on a con. start warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West Indies; add along the coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land, and deacelding with fire and eword upon Panams and other towns of the South Sea. To this I replied, that certainly I had heard of thescompaniee, but only very partially and n.othing diotinctly that they were, I suppree, the adventurers called l ihbustiere or i.ucaneers, and more anciently the " Brethren of the Coast." My new friend made answer moodily, that I should moot probably have ample maena of learning more of these Frevbooturs re Iputmy foot on British ground again-" That is," says he, " after you have cither escaped or sorvod your time." These phrases naturally threw me into fgret troable, and I earnestly asked what he ,igrdt by them. " 'ly, he re-lied, "that youn will be sold as an apprentice, or In other words, as a slave, to the French West India Company, in the Igto of Tortuots, on the northern coast of Hispaniola, whither we are bound." At these words I grew sick at heart. " Better," I aId,: '" to have allowed me drown in that sea than to have raeted me only to -ell me into slavery." " Not no," answered my companion, some thing sternly. "TYou areyoung, and have a thousand hopes before oun. The hand that miraculously preserero Ton this any is ever stretched out in wlsdom and mercy, readier to help than to chactiso." so Be nortsean3 