An Artist's Romance. It is five years since I first r&pt; iber. I tvas putting the finishing touches to a landscape one August afternoon^ wken I heard the sound of wheels, and looting out through the open door of my studio I saw my cousin, Mrs. ferry, alight frojn her phaeton, followed by a tall, slender girl, whom I had never seen before. I hastily laid doTni my palette and. brusb,eg and went forward to meet them. 1 Weil,' said my cousin, gayly, you see the mountain lias come to Mohammed. J)o you know that you &ave; not been near us fgr a whole week?' ' Is it as long as that ?' I asked, taking tlie hand which she held out to me. ' But you must forgive me, Alice ; the weather lias been so lovely tli&t; I baye been, out sketching every day, and by evening have felt too tired to pay visits.' ' Ah, I understand,' -was the laughing rejoinder ; ' wlieu we particularly want to see you we should pray for rain. But let me present ypu tQ Miss March $ my cousin, Mr. Hastings, Margaret.' 1 had given only a passing glance at the girl beside her, but now ap I looked into her face I thought it was the most beauti ful that I had ever seen. There was some thing statuesque about the pose of the head, and a certain dignity in her carriage which seemed almost out of place in so young a womaa. Jler deep blue eyes were fringed with long Gurling lashes, and her nose was slender and delicate. A little bonnet made of pale pink flowers sur mounted the masses of fair hair. Her complexion was of almost marble white ness, and I thought at pnce of Galatea, and could not help wondering whether, like the statue, this pale goddess would eyer warm before love's fire. ,.. ; . The two ladies entered the studio, and after hunting about I managed to find a couple o£ chairs which were not occupied by paints and canvasses. * Are you quite sure that we won't carry off smudges of Prussian blue or chrome yellow on out dresses?' asked my cpusin, looking critically at the one which I offered her.. * I think those two are safe,' I answered ; 1 but I must apologise for my appearance,' I continued, looking down on the paint stains on my coat. ' Oh, you need not make excuses,' said Alice. That brown velvet suits you to perfection. I was just going to tell you that you look like the gho&t; of Van Dyck.' ' Rather a substantial looking ghost,9 I laughed. A faint little smile flitted over Miss March's face, and I wondered whether she had ever enjoyed a good hearty laugh in her life. ' Now, show us some of your pictures,' said my energetic cousin. ' I brought Miss March expressly to see them. I think it is very good of us to come considering the uncivil manner in which you have treated us this past week. Let us see some of your very best . work, for Miss March paints herself.' . ,' ? . ' So very little that it is not worth mentioning,' interposed the young lady. I brought out a number of sketches that I had made recently, all of which Alice ?criticised with cousinly candor. Miss March said very little, but studied each sketch with an interest that surprised me, and that was more flattering than mere words. ' I have enjoyed the pictures more than I can tell you,' she said as they were going. 1 Thank you so much,' and to my farther surprise she gave me her hand with a friendly smile, which seemed to change her whole face iust as the rays of the sun light up a beautiful diamond. ? You are very kind,' I answered, taking the little gloved hand j ' I hope some day that you will let me see some . of your Vrork.' ' Oh, no/ she replied, quickly, « I -would lather not. I am ashamed of it.' ' I am sure she will,' interposed my cou sin. « She is very amiable. Oh, by the way, one of the things I came for was to ask you to come and dine with us to-morrow evening. Now, no excuses, Philip. Gome you must.' ' I shall be only too delighted,' I an swered. 'Well, until then, good-by,' and with a smile from Alice and a graceful inclina tion of the head from Miss March they were gone. I walked slowly back to my studio, 'which somehow seemed to have grown smaller with the coming of the tall, queenly girl whom my cousin called Margaret. Perhaps it was strange thing for a young man all alone in the world to buy a place in the midet of the green hills of^ Vermont to settle there for life. _ ^ '.y ?''=? '? At my father's^ death it was' found, to everyone's surprise, that f or yeais he had been spending his principal, and that, in consequence, my inheritance amounted to just twenty thousand dollars. iFortdiiately I had no taste for society; and painting, which for many years had been)- Jny .pas time, I now- found myself obliged ^o resort to as a means of support, New '~Y«*k ?eemed to me to be no place ior a poor young man who was not in business, and besides the country offered many advan tages to anyone seeking an artistic career. My cousins, the Perrys, had asked me to: pay them a^Vifeit ai:tb.eir summer home in' Fairtield, and while Ijhere I came across the little place which I afterward bought, and which for three years had been my home. The small vine-covered brick house stood in the midst of an ©Id garden in vrtecji great clusters of marigolds, flox and bright colored asters grew behind hedges of box. On the ground floor of the house was a large room with a north light, which I saw could easily be converted into an ideal studio. And so I bought the little place, and moved all my belongings into it and dropped quietly out of the lives of my pjty friends whp, with a few exceptions, soon forgot all about me. Old Catherine, who had lived in our family as far back as I could remember, in sisted that I should take her with me, and instituted herself my cook, waitress and chambermaid all in one. I would occasionally go to New York in the winter for a week or two at a time, but the greater part of the year was passed in my country home, There were half a dozen pleasant families, who, like the Perrys, came to Fairfleid for the summer, and as an any more who macje their homes in and around the little village. Whea I arrived at nry cousin's on the day following her visit to me I found her alone in the drawing^rcom. Alice was not far from my own age, and we had always been the best of friends from our childhood. When she told me that she was going to marry my old school mate, Herbert Perry, I remember that I kissed her, and told- her that he was the very man that I phould have picked put 'for her, and so we had all become better friends than ever-, and I was the * best man' at the wedding. She was a pretty little woman, with dark eyes and soft, reddish brown hair. 'I am afraid I am very early,' I said, after the usual greetings ha,d been, ex changed. * Not a bj.t too early,' was the cordial reply. c I am so glad to have time for a little chat witfe ypu before the others come down. I want so laaueh to know how you like Margaret March! ?' ' ' That is rather a hard question to an swer,' I laughed, * considering that I have only met- the lajiy once. I am not sure whether I am going to like her or not. There is rather much of the iceberg about her, but I will say this, she is the hand somest woman that I have ever seen, Tell me. something of her.' * She is lovely,' answered Alice, with a pleased little smile. 'Well, to begin at the beginning, she is an orphan, and since her mother's death, which occurred when she was quite a child, she has lived with her uncle and his wife. Her uncla is Fre deric Anthem, the broker, of whom you have doubtless heard. He is said to be enormously rich, and as he has no children of his own, and having practically adopted Margaret, it is generally supposed that she will be his heiress — 4;hat ip,' added my cout sin, if she doesn't displease him by her marriage. He is a despotic old man, I hear, and has ambitious views for his hands some niece. But, as you say, perhaps there is| something of the iceberg about Margaret where men are concerned. At any rate, I think she has her heart under good control,' ' In other words, she has none,' I said. 'Not at all,' replied Alice with great asperity. * I wish you could see her devo tion to my children and their adoration of her and you would never repeat that remark. She was the greatest belle in town last season. Although she is nearly irwentyrthree it was her first really gay winter. Before that she was in mourning for her only brother, who was killed by a fall from his horse four years ago. She has not been feeling well lately, the effect of too many balls, and so I persuaded her to forego the. various gaieties which had been arranged for her for the summer, and to come to me for a month or six weeks. I assured her that she would have perfect rest and that she would probably never see a man except 'Hubert and your harm less self.' .; ,:.j.V~V. .'.??.' '.-.- V . * Thanks for the compliment,' I laughed. 'But you were right, in . calling me harm less, Alice. I am hardly the sort of man to captivate a society woman. But I will dp my best to recall my city manners, although I fear I am sadly out of prac tice in the art of paying compliments and all that.' Just then the door opened and Margaret March entered the room. She was all in black. Her gown of soft, clinging lace was cut square in the neck, the snowy whiteness of her throat showing to full advantage by the contrast. Her round, white arms were bare below the elbow. Her golden hair was arranged high oil her head and was curled across her forehead. I had thought her beautiful the day before, but now she seemed to me & hundred times lovelier. * So.jyou did not forget to come,' she said with a smile, as she gave me her hand. * It has been such a glorious day that Mrs. Perry thought your sketching would pro bably drive her invitation entirely from your head.' 5 1 &m; not quite so blind to my own interests,' I answered. * The prospect of a delightful dinner, graced by the presence of; two lovely— Alice, you will b.ave to kelp me out,' I laughed ; « I know what I want to say, but I don't know tow to say it.* * Then leave it to our imaginations,' was the reply. ' But here is Herbert, at last,«o let us go in to dinner.' '- xne dinner passed off pleasantly, but it was not until our .return to the drawing room that I found the opportunity that I had been seeking «to speak to Miss March about her painting. ',-? ; - She was sitting on the sofa as I re- entered the room, and I crossed over and sat down beside Her. * I hope you have changed your mind since yesterday and are agoing to let me see some -of yowc work,' I said. ? * I have nothing but two or three sketches that I have made since I came here/ she answered quietly. - I will show you those if you care to see them.' . \- ^1 should like to see them very much/ I aaid;--v': ??..?'?? -'* ???-v '; ??? -. V ?'.''/???? ? v ' : ' ? ..Sh^i^ogfe '^^leftjthe room, returning in five }m&itttes; 'with- several water color sketohes which *he handed to me. :'.-?_ '??2^.:' :;h.- ? ;' '??V- \v:- ??'??~- ..:?.?-./.,: *I can do nothing but water colors,* she said. * I once took a few lessons in oils, but I did not succeed very well, so gave itjiP'' ,..* I must compliment you on your draw ing,' I said when I had looked the sketches over carefully. * May I inquire who taught ? ' I learned all I know of painting and drawing from a little Italian by the name of Gabretti,' was the reply. * He taught at the boarding school in Paris where I went for three years, I was very fond of it, but I had not touched a brush for months until the other day. One has no time for things of that sort i» town.' ' I suppose not,' I answered with a touch of scorn. ^She opened a drawer in the table by which we were standing and put the sketches i?i it,' * I had a letter fr»m Madelaine Richmond to-day,' she said, turning to Alice. * She wrote to tell nie of her engagement to Jack Oushing,' ' So she is really going to marry him,' exclaimed Alice ; * well, he is a good fellow, but I don't exactly see how they are going to get along on two thousand a year, which I hear is his sum total.' * They are going to live somewhere in the suburbs,' replied Miss March. * Of course existence in New York on his income would be impossible. It is altogether most romantic, not to say unusual in this prac tical nineteenth century.' I could not understand this strange, cold woman, who attracted me one moment and repelled me the Jip*t» As I was leaving that evening she sur prised me by saying; * I am going to ask a, favpr of you, Mx. Hastings.' Alice had gone in search of a bpok which she had promised to lend me, and Herbert had stepped out into the hall %q see if my horse was at the door. * It is granted before you ask it,' I replied, bowing, A faint color came into the beautiful, marble-like face. ' Wait until you hear what it is,' she went on. ? I want you tp let me go. sketch ing with you spme^day,' 'Do yoijL really mean it?' I asked W delight. ' I do indeed,' she replied, with a smile ; ' but if I shall h& in your way do not hepi tate to say so.' ' It will give me great pleasure,' I ex claimed. * I did not wish tp institute myself your critic unasked, but 1^ you will allow me I think I can give you % hint or two in regard to coloring -which, perhaps, you may find useful.' 'You are very kind,' she answered gently. ' It is the very^ thing I should have asked.' ' Will you go to-morrow ?' I inquired. * I have promises to ride with Mr. Perry to-morrow,' was the reply, ' and the next day will be Sunday, but let us say Monday — that is, if it will suit you,' * I am always at your service,' I answered. * Then it is settled for Mpnday. J will call for you directly after luncheon.' ' Here is the book, Philip,' said Alice, coming into the room at this moment. ' I have been hunting everywhere for it and found it at last in my desk.' They accompanied me to the dppr and bade me 'Good night.' It was a perfect summer evening. The great round meon was high in the cloudless heavens, and as I rode away I turned and looked, back at the grey stone porch where Margaret March stood bathed in its silver light. * Your blue is too clear j our American sky has more yellow ip it,' I said, as I leaned over and looked at the sketch on which Miss March was at work, * That is because of my Italian teaching,' she answered, with a smile, proceeding to follow my suggestion about toning down the color. We were sketching a queer old house, half in ruins, which was one of the objects of interest in Fairfield. Miss March worked on for another half hour and then laid down her brush. * I am tired,' she said j ' I cannot paint any more to- day.' * Shall we go home ?' I asked, stopping my .work, * Oh, no,' she . answered, * pray go on ; I like to watch you. 'You have given so much time to me to-day that you have accomplished very little on your own picture. But can you talk and paint at the same time ?' ' Oh, yes,' I laughed, 'Then tell me the story of this old place/ she continued. . * You said that it had one.' ' Well,' I began, going on with my paint ing, « tradition says that fifty years ago a man by the name of George Willard bought this land and started to build a beautiful home, to which he meant to bring his bride. He is said to have been a hand fiome-young fellow of twenty-five or there abouts, and the lady to whom he was engaged, was a Boston girl and reported to have been a great belle. The day was set for the marriage, the house was nearing completion, and the young man was watch ing the work with eager interest when a letter reached him that changed every thing. His false sweetheart had eloped with another man. The building was at once stopped and the workmen discharged. One morning, three months later, the young fellow who had loved the fickle maiden better than she deserved was found dead in his room. In his will he left this pro perty to the village on condition, that nothing should ever be done to alter or improve it; and so it stands to this day a monument to a broken heart.' (TO BH CONTtHlTElJ.) # 