ST. MARTIN'S EVE: AN OLD CHINA STORY. -(CONTINUED.) (BY EDIE UNWIN.) BARBABA.-THE STORY OF THE JAMAICA JAR. 4 Do you really mean, to say that you're not a hit sorry for the way you have flirted with that brute Erroll all this evening? ' 4 I'm not a bit sorry, and I must ask you to be a little milder in your language for the future. Major Erroll is not a brute, indeed he's very amusing, and I won't have him called one in my presence. Really, Walter, you make yourself very ridiculous by your insane jealousy.' Now, for a man to be called ridiculous by any girl, except she be his sister, is painful enough to his feelings, but when that girl happens to be remarkably pretty, and he desperately in love with her, well then the case is as bad as bad can be, and Captain Walter Packenham was to be ex- cused if, behind his heavy moustache, he smothered naughtier words than 4 brute.' Poor Captain Packenham was very much in love, and she whom he worshipped was the most capricious little fairy that ever vexed the heart of man. Not tall-barely five feet in height Barbara Aldworth was justly considered the prettiest girl in the whole length and breadth of the island. Now, as she leans against a pillar of the verandah, her gauzy white dress caught here and there by pomegranate flowers, crimson blossoms in her dark hair, and her dark eyes gleaming with ill-suppressed mirth and mischief, while dancing has put an unwonted flush into her cheeks, Walter cannot help owning, angry as he is, that she is very lovely. Perhaps critics might have objected that her features were not classic, that her nose was a trifle retrousse, but the severest could have found no fault with her mouth, a veritable Cupid's bow, just now curved in the archest of smiles. And yet in spite of his anger, he longed to catch her in his arms and silence with a kiss the defiant words, but he dared not, for Barbara, or 4 Bab ' as she was generally called, could be very dignified if she chose, and though she had consented to a con- ditional engagement with him, she was chary in according him the privileges of an accepted lover. 4 You shall be put on trial for a month,1 she had said, 4 and if you succeed in amusing me all that time, why then we shall consider it settled,' and he, poor fellow, had to be content with this or nothing. The night was hot and still, a perfect West Indian tropical night. Up from the garden came the heavy scent of the mag- nolias and oleanders, while the brilliant moonlight cast a silver radiance over all, save in the shadows of the shrubbery, and there the fireflies gleamed and glanced athwart the darkness. Prom the open French windows floated the strains of the last new waltz, and Bab's feet beat an accompaniment to the. rhythm ; but her companion seemed in no mood to return to the ball-room. A silence, during which Bab grows visibly impatient, and Walter is looking out on the beautiful moonlit scene with far, unseeing e3Tes. At length she says demurely, 4 I think this is our waltz, Captain Packenham.' At the sound of her voice he starts, as if awakening from some painful reverie, but he does not answer her as she expects. Quietly and gravely, yet with no trace of his former anger in his voice, 4 Is it, Miss Aldworth ? I'm afraid it must be more than half over by now, but if you do not mind we will pass the remainder of it in the garden. You will not feel a chill, will you ? and I have something rather impor- tant to say to you,' taking her acquiescence for granted, and with none of his usual diffidence. Bab looks up surprised. This tall, fair soldier has been so long her devoted, abject slave that this new tone is somewhat of a shock to her ; but her feminine curiosity is aroused, and she obediently accompanies him into the moon- lit garden. For a few minutes they pace silently up and down a broad path, under the weird shadows cast by the feathery leaves of the palms, and Bab's quick anger is roused by such proceedings, though she is determined not to be the first to break the silence. At last he spoke, slowly aud deliberately, as though weighing well each word : 4 Barbara, don't you think it is time wo came to a more definite decision ? You know you cannot always shilly-shally with a fellow as you are doing with me. Either give Erroll or myself our congé. Give me an answer-yea or nay-give me-' 4 Anything else ?' she interrupts, with saucy defiance. * Upon my word, Captain Packenham, I think you take a great deal upon yourself. Time we came to some decision, is it ?' she goes on, her laughter vanished and bitter anger taking its place, for this new tone of authority chafes her spirit beyond measure. ' Give Major Erroll or yourself congé. Give you an answer-yea or nay ? Well, then, I give you Nay. You knew my conditions : you were to amuse me for a month, and then I was to answer you. You are impatient, and cannot wait the month, so you know your fate the sooner, that is all, Mon Capitaine,' and she shrugged her shoulders in supreme disdain. And then Walter Packenham did a most natural, yet withal a most foolish' thing he lost his temper. 4 And that is my answer ? Fool that I was to trust my happiness to you, to put my faith in you, falsest of all coquettes. " To amuse you for a month," and then to be dismissed with a shrug of the shoulders and " You will not suit me : I have found another slave." To be tossed away as you would a faded bouquet, when your capricious fancy has wearied of it-bah ! coquette ! '-but a small gloved hand struck him full upon the breast, and his words literally froze within him with pure astonishment. And Bab, fairly transported with rage and shame at the act she had committed and his bitter words, stood trembling in every limb with passion, while she struggled hard to speak. And he, looking down at the small, defiant figure before him, saw her terrible anger, and even before the sensation of the blow had passed away felt his heart ache with impotent love and pain, and his swift anger melt away. 'Bab, dear, why did you do that? Ah, don't be so angry. God knows if I offended you, I knew not what I said. My darling, don't let me go from you like this-give me some hope, my love, my love,' and he catches her still trembling hands within his own. 4 Don't turn your face away from me, my wee woman ; say you forgive me,' but she draws her hands from his clasp, saying, 4 You have had my answer as you desired. If I. forgot myself and committed a most unladylike action, I apologise, though you must admit your words were somewhat, to say the least, insulting. And now, I think we need say nothing more upon the subject, and I shall feel much obliged if you will take me back to the ballroom'-each word calmly uttered without the faintest trace of her late emotion. He could not let her go without one word of forgiveness-without one sign of Pity 4 For very pity's sake do not go thus, Bab,' he said, hoarsely, all his manhood failing him at the sight of the fair, cruel, little, childlike face before him. 4 Give me but one chance more,' he pleads. But no answering love lights up her brown eyes as they look up into his. Only a weary sigh escapes her lips as she says half absently, though under her long lashes her keen eyes note the bitter pain her words cause him, 41 wonder whether Major Erroll will know where to find me ? It must be our waltz by now.' And his face grew ghastly in the moon- light with very pain, and at last he realised that he had poured out the riches of a life passion at the feet of the veriest coquette that had ever played with the hearts of men. Never a word did he say, but offered her his arm, and led her back to the.verandah, where even now he could see the light gleam on the scarlet coat of Major Erroll, who is standing in one of the open French windows, peering out into the darkness for the white robes and crimson blossoms of Bab, the belle of the ball. . And so they parted. Then Walter Packenham turned again into the garden, and, forgetful of partners who would look in vain for him to-night, or of that last waltz which Bah, in an exceptionally gracious mood, had promised, paced up and down the broad walk beneath the palm trees, fighting the bitterest fight a man has to combat in his life-the love for a woman who had proved herself unworthy. And she, whose, light, volatile nature had almost forgotten their quarrel in the earlier part of the evening-she waited in vain for him to claim that waltz for which he had pleaded so earnestly, and at last, in sheer pique, gave it to Major Erroll, and flirted so desperately with him that that worthy officer went away feeling sure that he, at least, had made an impression on heartless, fancy- free Bab Aldworth. But could he have seen the miserable little Bab who, costly white dress and crimson flowers torn recklessly off and lying in a crumpled heap on the floor, cried herself to sleep with all the passionate sorrow of a child who knows it has done wrong, and the bitter regret of a woman who feels that she has thrown away all in life worth having, his hopes might have undergone considerable abatement, while Walter Packenham's heart might have been many degrees lighter. . Of course neither could know, and so Bab's fate remained undisturbed by any friendly in- terposition. Poor Bab, poor spoiled child-for in many ways she was little else than a child. She had come out with her young mar- ried sister, Agnes Dalrymple, the wife of the adjutant, and, fresh from school, small wonder her head was turned by the flattery and adulation she received on her entry into West Indian life. Hitherto, her path bad been one of roses, with no sharp thorns to wound her tender feet, a series of triumphs without a pale spectre of defeat to dim their glory, and now! he whom she had esteemed her most loyal subject, her most abject slave, had risen against her, and though she had given him anger for anger, and scorn for scorn, still," when, in the end, he had pleaded so hard for forgiveness, he never knew how nearly he had won it, for in her heart of hearts she loved this soldier, all the more, perhaps, as the knowledge forced itself upon her that to-night she had lost him for ever. No ; he would never forgive her cruelty, her mocking words, and so she sobbed bitterly in her white curtained nest of a room, while through the half-closed jalousies fell the moonlight, making silver bars along the dark polished flcor, and the night breeze, heavy with the perfume of the flowers, gently stirred the curtains. With the morning sunshine came brighter thoughts, and it was the same sunny tempered Bab who sauntered in to a late breakfast. Bab was luxurious in her tastes and a late riser, so she was not sur- prised at the absence of her sister and her husband, and breakfasted tranquilly, thinking more hopefully of last night's occurrence. ' He will sure to be here to- day,' she mused. 4 He will never take my answer last night as final, and then we'll make it up and never quarrel again-till next time,' and Bab, the incarnation of youth and beauty, in her white morning dress and pale blue ribbons, sat weaving bright dreams, in her low rocking chair in the shadiest part of the verandah. . A heavy step on the uncarpeted floor aroused her, and looking up she saw her sister's black nurse, Tibby, coming towards her. 4 Missie Bab, de missis she want to see you if you hab finished your breakfast.' 1 Agnes want to see me ? What's the matter, and I declare Tibby, you look quite scared. Have you seen a duppie ? ' (negro term for ghost) for the old woman had a subdued air of terror about her, quite un- usual to her. * No, missie, Tibby hab seen no duppie, but,' lowering her voice'to a half whisper, 4 dey say de niggers hab risen in Morant Bay and dey hab murdered de Baron von Kitteholt and his darters. De news came over dis mo'ning and de massa was ordered away d'reckly, and-' But Bab beard no more ; jumping up, she sped down the verandah till she reached her sister's room. She found Agnes half hidden in a roomy arm chair, nursing her baby, a little fellow of a year old. 4 Agnes, what's this Tibby's saying about the niggers at Morant Bay, and is Jack ordered away ? ' 4 Hush, dear,' answered Agnes, glancing meaningly at Tibby, who just then fol- lowed Bab into the room, 4 hush dear, you'll wake baby. Take him away now, Tibby, I think he's quite tired out 5 ' then, as the negress carefully bore the sleeping child from the room, she turned to Bab. 4 Yes, it's quite true. The niggers rose yesterday afternoon, and from what we can hear they murdered the poor Baron and his two daughters at Morant Bay, and we fear that this is a regularly organised rebellion. Jack has already been gone some time ; he was ordered off almost im- mediately. He had just time to rush back and say 44 Good-bye," and to .tell us not to be frightened, for most likely it would turn out a mere flash in the pan.' But Agnes' white cheeks belied her courageous words. The news had a totally opposite effect on Bab. At the first hint of danger her courage rose, and she felt capable of braving a hundred rebellious niggers, if need be. True, across her mind sometimes floated dim remembrances of stories she had heard ot! cruelties committed during risings of the blacks in these West Indian Isles, but she kept all such misgivings religiously to herself, and little, volatile Bab grew in those anxious times to be the chief stay and consoler of, not only Agnes, her elder sister, but of most of the ladies in Up Park Camp. For they were very anxious times .to those poor women left almost defenceless, for all available troops had been summoned to stamp out the rebellion by the most stringent measures if need be. The Governor proclaimed martial law throughout the island, Kingstown excepted, and almost daily might be witnessed the gruesome sight of two or more niggers hanging from the gallows, which had grown into a permanent institution. Bab unwittingly was a spectator of one these executions, one early morning, when, tired of being mewed up in the house, she had escaped for a breath of air. 4 Miss Aldworth, Miss Aldworth, for heaven's sake don't look that way,' scrpamed an old doctor, and what more natural than im- mediately she should look 4 that way,' and see what effectually took away hei appetite for breakfast-for that day at least. An existence of a kind of suppressed terror, or anxious expectancy when thc trouble would break out in their ver j midst, for the nigger servants grew openly insolent, and muttered threats of how thej would treat the whites when S Masst Gordon,' the leader of the insurrection would triumph. But Bab and Agnes fel little or no anxiety on this score, for botl were well beloved by all their servants having uniformly treated them well. Am so the wear}' time wore away, and cheerfu Bab grew almost grave, for, added to th general anxiety, she had a secret trouble which not even watchful, loving Agne guessed. Since that fatal night she hai never seen nor heard from Captain Packen ham, and the truth was beginning to fore itself upon her that her conduct to hil that night had utterly killed the love h had once felt for her. She heard throug Jack Dalrymple, that Walter was quite sai and well, and Agnes, as she read thes extracts of his letters to her, would wond< that apparently Bab took so little intere! in any news of Packenham, for of all tl girl's many admirers she had alwaj thought he was the most favoured. One day she ventured to say to he when she had listened in an absei manner to some little mention of Waite which good-natured Jack Dalrympl utterly ignorant of the quarrel, of cours had purposely made in his letter to h wife, 4 Why Bab, you don't seem to ca one bit whether you hear about Capta Packenham or not. I always thought y< liked him immensely-in f aét had put him on his month's trial/ for Agnes was fully aware of Bab's peculiar treatment of her swains. 1 Perhaps I did, dear, and he could't stand the test,' she answered. ' No, I don't much care to hear about Captain Packenham. Major Erroll ie not with Jack, is he ? ' she went on, for truth to tell it was getting very nearly beyond her power to control the longing to throw herself at Agnes' fefit and sob out her story to her. But her pride forbade it, though she knew she loved him now, with a wild passionate * Then followed the band, and the coßn, on which were- laid , the dead man's sword and helmet, and. which teas drawn on a trolly draped with the Union Jack: love, that was all the stronger that she felt that never again would he speak to her in the tender tone of old, and never again would the well-remembered voice call her ? his wee woman-his little Bab.' Agnes could only judge by appearances, and certainly she might be excused if she thought her sister very cold and heartless after such a flippant answer^ for she had iknown with a woman's sure instinct the Slepth and value of Walter's love, and in her mind she heartily blamed, Bab . for her terrible propensity for flirting. 'And I thought that lately she had grown so much sweeter and tenderer. Bear, dear, what a pity,' was her un- . spoken comment. Perhaps, had she seen the brown eyes dim with hot tears, as she turned away from Agnes and bent over baby crowing in a corner of the room, she might have judged differently, and if a big tear forced its way out and fell on baby's cheek, why no one was the wiser but baby, and he discreetly kept silence on the matter, for tile simple reason, perhaps, that he.,was unable to speak. And so the weary time sped by, and at last the welcome news came to the camp that the rebellion was almost crushed out, by sheer force it was true, but who ámong those, anxious women cared about, the means, only that it was crushed, and those near , and dear to them were safe and sound. Agnes, gentlest and mo*t tender- hearted of women on ordinary occasions, certainly saw nothing to blame .in. the. unfair manner, in which 'Gordon,' the leader of the insurrection j was captured and tried. Por though he, gave himself up to the authorities at Kingstown, where martial law was not proclaimed, no sooner had he delivered himself up than he was immediately sent down to Port Royal on hoard H.M.S. ' Wolverene,' and there tried hy drum-head court martial, and sentenced and executed immediately. Very harsh- and unjust, no doubt; but remember, the horrors of the Indian Mutiny were still fresh in men's minds, and small wonder if they were determined to stanap put, at any cost, all danger of a struggle of negro against white. So thought Bah, though none was kinder to her coloured servants than herself, or none more universally loved. When the news arrived that the troops would in all probability return in a short time to the camp, she prepared for the coming struggle with her love. 4 Captain Päckenham shall see no lovelorn maiden in me,' she said, the afternoon they were - expeoted, so she arrayed herself accordingly, and certainly anything more unlike a 1 lovelorn maiden ' , than she presented could not well he imagined. Her spirits, always high, were never gayer than that evening when over dinner she gave a detailed account of their . life in the camp during the absence of the troops, portraying any ludicrous incidents .. with inimitable skill, and her hearers were fairly convulsed with laughter. The gayest songs, the wittiest anecdotes, flowed from her lips, the merriest laughter Agnes had heard from her since the insurrection had broken out. * Why, Bab,' said Jack Dalrymple looking searchingly at her for a moment or two, 4 you do seem glad to have us back again.' 4 Of course I am,' she answered. 4 Think what a weight of anxiety is lifted off us unprotected females by your welcome présence.' An old Scotch doctor, a great friend of the Dalrymples, looked at her gravely and shook his head. ' 'Deed, an' Miss Bab, I think you're what our folk at hame ca' fey.' 4 Fey, what's that, docter?' she ques- tioned, leaning her lovely, brilliant face towards the old man, whose keen gray eyes saw what the others did not-the tears in the depths of the brown ones up- raised to his. 4 Eh ! weel, weel. Ye'll ken soon enough,' he answered, but somehow or another his words chilled Bab, and for a few moments she was silent. 4 Where's Captain Packenham, Jack,' presently asked Agnes ; 4 did he come back with you ? ' 4 Oh, yes. But he felt a little seedy ; knocked-up, I suppose, so he told me to tell you you would see him to-morrow.' .Poor fellow,' observed Agnes, 4 he's one of the nicest men I know ; don't you think so, Bab ?' 4 He's not bad,' returned Bab, lightly enough to all appearance, though she had listened attentively to every word of the brief conversation. And late that night she lingered at her window, looking up at the stars, brilliant as they only are in those favoured climes. 4 He will come to-morrow to see Agnes, and I'll try to make it all righ,.t again,' she said to herself, and it was a happy little Bab who fell asleep that night. To-morrow came, but with it no Walter, and Agnes was both surprised and hurt at his non-appearance, for, apart from his avowed admiration for her sister, she had ranked him among her most particular friends. 'Jack,' she said to her husband, in the evening, 4 you must go over and find out what's the matter with Walter Packen- ham. I'm afraid he must be ill, or he would have been sure to call.' But Bab thought bitterly, * He does not want to see me again, and so he has not come,1 though* no one guessed the girl's thoughts as she laughingly agreed to form one of a riding party early the next morning. The ride proved most enjoyable, the morning perfect, and Bab's spirits as bright as the morning. And indeed, as they halted for a few moments on their return to the Camp from Halfway Tree Hoad, seldom or never did more beautiful scene stretch before them. Bab, for one, never forgot ii. It was very early, not long after sunrise, and the sky was still tinged with the crimson and gold of the dawn. Down in the valleys still hung the purple mist, and great masses of fleecy vapour rolled slowly away from the dark verdure-clad sides of Mount Moses. The dew sparkled on the blossoms of the brilliant-lmed tropical flowers grow- ing in wild luxuriance on either side of the road, while humming birds, scarcely less brilliantly coloured than the flowers, flew from blossom to blossom, living gems in nature's wreath of flowers. A little mountain stream bounded noisily from boulder to boulder, from rock to rock, and made music that seemed a fitting adjunct to the scene. Stay, what was that ? The 4 Dead March in Saul,' played by a military band, came up to them in the stillness of the morning. Involuntarily, they reined in their horses, and checked their light laughter, while over Bab seemed to steal a chill foreboding of coming evil. 4 Some funeral party,' said a young subaltern, one of Bab's latest4 victims.' 41 wonder what poor fellow it is. None of "Ours," I think.' Nearer and nearer came the music, the most solemn and pathetic ever written, and doubly so on this fresh, bright morn- ing, when the world seemed so full of light and life. An officer of one of the West Indian regiments evidently, for the firing party preceding the coffin were negroes, and wore the picturesque Zouave uniform ; then followed the band, and the coffin, on which were laid the dead man's sword and helmet, and which was drawn on a trolly draped with the Union Jack, and, lastly, the carrying party, and the officers of the regiment, in reverse order, the subalterns first, the seniors bringing up the rear. Dalrymple and the subaltern dismounted as the funeral neared them. * Who is it, Jack ?' asked Bab, with a strange feeling that she knew who it was, though she dared not even think it. 4 Who is.it?' repeated Dalrymple, and a soldier standing near answered, * Captain. Packenham, sir. Died last night about ten o'clock of yellow fever. Awful sudden, wasn't it ?' But Jack Dalrymple stood as if paralysed by the news, and answered never a word, till his wife touched him gently on the shoulder with her riding-whip. 4 Whose did he say it was, dear ?' 4 Poor Packenham's-and we knew noth- ing of it. Hush ! For Heaven's sake don't let Bab know yet.' But Bab's quick ear had caught the name, quietly as it had been uttered. Even in that supreme moment her courage never failed her. Though the little hand that held the reins trembled visibly, and her face was deathly pale, she managed to say, in a voice shaking with emotion, it is true, 44 Don't trouble, Agnes j I have heard," and Agnes, looking into her sister's face, read at last her secret, in the look of untold agony in her tearless eyes. There are times, when in the midst of a great trouble, the mind unconsciously dwells on some trifle, which would pass unnoticed at another time, but which is for ever associated in our memory with the trouble, whatever it may be. And so it was with Bab. Not only was every detail of the scene impressed with startling distinctness upon her memory, but the green frond of a fern, called'by the West Indians the 4 Seventy Brothers,' dipping into the water of the brooklet at her horse's feet, was for ever woven into her memory of that awful hour. Slowly the mournful procession hied passed, yet, ah, too quickly, for Bab, who strained her eyes to catch a last glimpse of all that remained of the man who had loved her so well, and whom she had loved too late-alas, too late. The solemn strains of the March die away in the distance, a silence follows they are reading thu burial service-and then the rattle of musketry-his comrades have paid their last tribute to his memory -and all is over. 4 Yes, all is over for me now,' thinks Bab, wearity and with unutterable anguish, as they ride silently home ; but no one notices that she is very much more affected than the others by the suddenness of the sad news. Only faithful old Tibby, who, all that wretched day, sits by her bedside and bathes her burning forehead with cool lotions, witnesses her uncontrollable grief that breaks out when, at last, she has gained the solitude of her room. Aye, weep on-hot scalding tears, they will not now disturb his rest ; call him by the tenderest names your lips can utter your love can frame-he will not hear you. Once, a little word, were it ever so trifling, could have brought him to your side ; now, you may breathe his name in vain, for even your loved voice cannot wake him from his sleep. Oh, Bab, the pity on't-the pity on't. 4 And he will never know I loved him after all,' she wails, in bitter self-reproach. And so she sorrows and sorrows in vain. 4 And did she never marry ?' you ask. Bah! I am speaking of real life, not romance. Of course she did. Two or three years after, having accompanied her sister home to England, she married a Worcestershire squire, and made him a very good wife, I believe, though I think her heart lies buried in that lonely Jamaica grave. Many years have passed since that terrible morning, still the 4 Dead March ' can bring tears to her eyes, and move her as no other music has the power. And the Jamaica Jar finished his story. 