THE A« . ' A MINT OF MONEY OF. NQS.TCAN CrAETRAM'S HEIR. By GEORGE MANVILLE FENN, Author of "The Master of the Ceremonies," " Black Blotxl, or, theXass that Loved a Soldier," " Ha; d to Win," etc. CHAPTER XI. —Tit s King oe the Castle. 4 Chris. Lisle, what have you done !" cried Claude, while Mary, whom, fate had made the busy help of flm family, hurried to Glyddyr's side and helped Mm to rise to a sitting position. He did not attempt to_get uf»on his feet. "TAei mtf fpmnpr T snrmosR." said Chris.. who began to calm down as he saw the effect of his blow. 44 But it waa his own doing. I warned hira to keep his hands off." "Leave my house, ruffian, before I send for the police.' 44 You'll be sorry for all this, Mr. Gar tram," said Chris. "Claude- — " " Silence shouted Gartram. " Recollect, my girl, that henceforth this man and we are strangers. Everything between us is at an end. Once more, sir, will vou leave my house?" " Yes, I'll go," said Chris, slowly, as his eyes rested on Claude's. "Don't think ill of me," he said to her huskily. " I have done nothing wrong, Claude." Gartram came between them, and, feeling that time alone could heal thqgterrible breach, Chris, made a gesticulation and walked slowly to the door, where he turned. " Mr. Gartram, he said, "you'll bitterly re pent thi3. But don't think that I shall give up. I'll go now. One of these days, when you have thought this over, you will ask me to come back, aud we shall be friends again. Claude — Mary, all tiiis was not my seeking. Good-bye." " Not his seeking !" cried Gartram, sinking into a chair and dabbing his face with liis handkcrcliief. " He wants to kill me ; that's what Le'e trying to do. How are you now, Glyddyr ? I?ray forgive me for bringing this upon you. The scoundrel must be mad. ' " Getting better now, sir," said Glyddyr ; and, as his enemy had gone, beginning with a great show of suffering and effort to suppress it, as his eyes sought sympathy from Claude, found none, and then directed his eyes at Mary, who offered Mm her hand as he made slowly for the nearest easy chair. "I suppose I was a bit stunned. Not hurt much, 1 think. " I don't know how to apologise enough," cried Gartram ; " and you two girls, have you nothing to say ? An outrageous assault on my guest! But he shall smart for it. I'll have him summoned." " No, no, Mr. Gartram. I'm getting all right fast," said Glyddyr, quickly seizing the opportunity to be magnanimous in Claude's eyes. "Mr. Lisle was excited, and he struck me. A blow like that is nothing." " Mr. Christopher Lisle will find out that a hlow such as you received means a great deal more than he thinks, sir. Claude, ring the bell. Have the spirit stand and soda-water brought in. Arc vou sure you are not seriously hurt, Glyddyr ?" " Quite, sir. A mere nothing. Great pity it happened. Why, ladies, it must have regularly startled you. Miss Gartram, I am very sorry. You look pale. " Enough to startle any woman, Glyddyr. But there, it's all over for the present. You had better leave as nqw, girls.' "No, no, said Glyddyr; "don't let me drive them away, sir." " It is not driving them away, Mr. Glyddyr," said Gartram shortly. " I wish them to go." " I beg pardon,! am sure." " Granted, sir, but I like to be master in my own house." 4 4 Papa, dear, pray, pray be calm," whispered Claude, who had crept to his side. "Calm! Of course. I am calm. There, there, there ; don't talk to me, but go, and I said ring for the spirit stand." "Yon n»m T did. TTl trn and send it in." WJ XT MT v — — D < » Yes, quickly. You are sure you would not like the doctor fetched, Glyddyr ?" "Oh, certain, sir. There, let it pass, now. A mere nothing." "Oh, my poor darling Claude," whispered Mary, taking her cousin's hand and kissing her pale face as the large dark eyes gazed pitifully down in hers. "Do you understand what it all means, Mary?" "Only too well, coz. Poor Chris, has been telling uncle he loved you, and that put our dear tyrant in a passion. Then Mr. Glyddyr came, and poor Chris, got in a passion too, and knocked him down.' "Yes," sighed Claude, "I'm afraid that must he it" , " Yes, my dear, it's all cut sad -dried. You are to be Mis. Glyddyr as soon as they have settled it all." .... " Never, " said Claude, frowning, and looking like a softened edition of her father. " Aud as thatsets poor Ghris. at liberty, ' ' con tinued Mary, with one of her mischievous looks, and you don't want him, there may be a hit of a chance for poor little me." 4 ' Mary dear 1" said Claude, In a voice full of remonstrance. , „ " It's rather bad taste of you, for though Mr. Glyddyr is very handsome, I think Chris, is the better man. Mr. Glyddyr seems to me quite, a coward making all that fuss, so that, wo might sympathise with him. Better have had poor Chris." "Mary, dear, how can you make fun of everything when I am' in such terrible trouble?" " It's because I can't help it, Claude, I suppose. But, oh, I am sorry for you, if uncle makes you many handsome Mr. Glyddyr." "Mary!" " I cannot help it, dear; I must say it. He® a coward. He was hurt, of course, but not so ; much as ho pretended. Chris. Lisle knocked him right down, and he wouldu't get up for fear he should be knocked down, again. Didn't Chris, look like a lion ?" " It is all very, very terrible, Mary, and I want your help and sympathy so badly." "I can't help you coz. ; I'm. too bad. And all this was my fault." "No, not all," said Claude, sadly. "Papa has been thinking about Mr, Glyddyr for a long time, and dropping hints to me about him." " Yes, and you'll have to he Mrs. Glyddyr." " No," eaid Claude, with quiet firmness ;"and her father's stern, determined look came into her eyes. " No, I will never be Mr. Glyddyr's wife. It is impossible. ' " But uncle will never forgive poor Mr. Lisle." "Don't say that, Maiy. Never 13 a terrible word. Papa loves me, and he would like to see ifie happy." " And shall you tell him you love Chris. ?" " No," said Claude, sternly. "If you please, ma'am, Mrs. Woodham is here," said one of the servants, and Claude's face grew more troubled as she asked herself what her father would say to the step she had taken, in bidding the unhappy woman come and resume her old position in the house. She had not long to wait. As she rose to cross the room she caught sight of Glyddyr looking back at the windows on leaving the house, and heard the study bell ring furiously. Quick, Mary ' she cried, as she rushed through the door, being under the impression that her father had had another seizure. The relief was so great as she entered the study aud found him standing in the middle of the room, that she threw herself in his arms. " I thought you were taken ill, again," she gasped as she clung to him, trembling. He was evidently in a fury, bat his child's words were like oil upon the tempestuous waves. " You, you thought that?" he said, holding her to his breast and patting her cheek ten derly. " You thought that, eh? And they say in Danmouth that everybody hates me— that there isn't a soul here 'who wouldn't like to dance upon my grave." " Papa, dear, don't talk like that." " Why not? the ungrateful wretches I I've made Danmouth a prosperous place. I spend thousands a year in wages, and the dogs all turn upon me ana are ready to rend tne Hand that feeds them. If they are not satisfied with their wages they wait till I have some impor tant contract on the way and then they strike. I haven't patience with them." "Father!" cried Claude, firmly, "Doctor Asher said you were not to excite yourself in any way or you would be ill. " \- " Aud a good thing, too. Better be ill, and die, and get out of the way. Hated — cursed by every living soul." Claude clung more tightly to him, laid her head upon his breast, and placed her hand across His lips as if to keep him from speaking. A smile came across the grim face, but there was no smile in his words as he went on fiercely, after removing the hand and seeming about to kiss it, but keeping it in his hand without. " Everything seemed to go against me," he cried. "Mr. Glyddyr— just going— I was seeing him to the door, when, like a black ghost, up 8 tarts that woman Sarah Woodham. What does she want?" " I'll tell you, dear, if you will sit down and becalm." " How the devil can I he calm ?" he raved, "when I am regularly persecuted by folk like this." But he let Claude press him back into an easy chair, while, feeling that she was better away, Mary Dillon crept softly out of the room. " Well, then," he said, as if his child's touch was talismauic, and he lay back and closed his eyes. 111 be calm. But you don't know, Claude, you can't tell how I'm persecuted. Fin robbed right and left." 41 Proa ! Mv dear father, von are n« riVIi «« ever you can be, so whatdoes it matter ?" Who says I'm rich? Nonsense ! Absurd ! And then look at the worries I have. All the trouble and inquest over that man's death, and through his sheer cross obstinacy." " Why bring that up again, father dear." " Don't say father. _ Call me papa. When ever you begin fathering me, it means that yon are going to preach at me and bully me, and have your way." "Then, papa, dear, why bring that up again?" 44 I didn't. It's brought up and thrust under my very nose. Why is that woman here ?" "Papa " " Now it'sof no use Claude, that man regularly committed suicide out of opposition to me. He destroyed a stone worth at least a hundred pounds by using that tearing dynamite which smashes everything to pieces, and then forsooth' he charges me with his dying breath with mur dering him, and the wretched pack under him take up the cry and bark as he aid. Could any thing be more unreasonable?" " No, dear, of course not. But the poorfrilow was mad with agony and despair, it was so horrible for him, a hale strong man to be cut down in a moment." " He cut himself down. It would not have happened if he had done as I ordered." " You must forgive all that now. He knew no better ; and as for the workmen, you know how easily they are influenced one way or the other." "Oh, yes, I know them; andn&w; this woman's here begging." "No, papa, dear." "I say she is. I could see it in her servile shivering way, as soon as she caught my eye; now look here, Claude, I sha'n't give her a shilling." - Claude held his hand to her cheek in silence. " I won't pay for the man's funeral. I'm. obliged to pay the doctor, because I contracted for him to attend the ungrateful hounds; but I will not help her in the least, and 111 have no more of your wretched iaickB. I'm always find ing outthat you are helping the people fnd letting them think it is my doing. ' Now, then, I've dome, and I mean to be at peace, so go send that woman away, or I shall be iUL" Claude clung a little more closely to her hither, nestling as it were in his breast. 44 Well," he said, testily, "why don't you go?" " My father is the leading man in this neigh bourhood," said Claude, in a soft, dreamy tone, " and the people don't know the goodness ofhis heart as I do." w "Now, Claude, I won't have it. You are beginning to preach at me, and give me a dose of morals. My heart has grown as hard as I granite." No, it ha3 not," said Claude, kissing his veined hand. "It is as soft and good as ever, only you try to make it hard, and you say things you do not mean." " Ah, now !" he shouted, " you are going to -talk about that Lisle, and I will not have his cursed name mentioned iu the " 4 1 was not going to talk about Christopher Lisle," said Claude in the same gentle, murmur ing voice, whose tones seemed to soothe and quiet him down, ' I was going on to say that I want the people— the weak, ignorant, easily-led people — about here to love and venerate my dear father's name." 44 And they will not, do what you will. The more you do for them, the less self-helpful they are, and the more they revile and curse. Why, if I was ruined to-morrow, after they've eaten my bread for years, I believe they'd lighta bon fire and have a dance.' ' " No, no, no, no,' murmured Claude. " You have done too much good for them." 44 1 haven't. You did it all, you hussy, and protended it was I," he said grimly, as he played with her glossy hair. 44 I did it with your money, dear, and I am your child. I acted, as I knew you would act if you thoroughly knew the circumstances, but had nn time What is the H9P. of liavinrr sn J w — ' — O"" much mbney if no good is done ?" 4 For ungrateful people." 44 We are taught to do good for eviL dear." 44 What ! for a race of thieves who are always cursing and reviling us ? There, I'm busy.rand tired. Claude. I've listened to your moral lesson very patiently, and now I want to be at rest. But I forbid you to help that wretched woman. She and her husband always hated me. Con found 'em, they were always insulting me. How dare they — actually publicly insult me— in that miserable little chapel." . 44 Insulted you ? What do you mean ?" 44 Why, they prayed for me, hang 'em !" 44 Oh, father dear !" 44 There you go again. Papa — papa— papa. Don't forget that we do belong to the aristocracy after all. Now go and send that dreadful woman away." 44 I cannot, dear." " Cannot ?" 44 No, papa. She has come to stay." 44 Sarah Woodham ? To stay? Here ?" 44 Yes, dear. Poor thing : she is left penni less almost, for Woodham did not save." . 44 No, of course, not. They none of them do." " He spent all he had to spare," continued Claude in the same gentle murmuring4 tone, sis she pressed her father's hand to her cheek. 44 Everything he could scrape together -he gave to the poorer church people." . 44 Yes, I know, in his bigoted way to teach me what to do. And don't keep on rubbing your cheek a gainst my hand. Anyone who saw you would think you were a cat." 44 So, papa dear, as we want a good, trust worthy woman in the house, and Sarah was with us so long, and knew our ways so well, I arranged for her to come Dact to her ola post." 44 Claude!" " Yes, dear, and these years of her married life and the sad end will be to her like a mourn ful dream." 4 1—" Norman Gartram made ah angry gesture, but Claude's arms stole round his neck, her lips pressed his as she half lay upon his breast, and with the tears gently falling and hanging like pearls in his grisly beard, she said in a low, sweet voice: — 44 And some day, father dear, nt the last, as she thinks of what an asylum this has been; to her, she will go down to her grave' praising your name for all the good that you have done, nnd this will make ms very happy dear, and so it will yon." ' There was a long silence in the room, and Norman Gartram's face sesmed to grow less rugged, and it was as if there was something of the same look as that in his child's, when with a tender kiss upon his hand, she left his . arms and half-playfuliv said : — 44 Am I to go .and send Sarah Woodham away?" "No," he said, hastily, as his old look re turned. 44 You are as bad as you're poor, dear mother, every bit. No," he cried, with an augiy fiush, 44 1 won't do that though. Not a farthing of my money shall go towards paying for that man's funeral." 44 Fatlier dear — " 44 Papa." " Then papa, dear," said Claude quietly, " I have paid everything connected with poor Woodham' s funeral r" 44 Yon have." . ".Yes, you aTe very generous to me with money, and I had plenty to do that." 44 Yes, and stinted yourself in clothes. You don't dress half well enough. Well, there, it's done now, and we can't alter it. I suppose these people will think it was my doing." 44 Yes, dear." " Of course. Well, as to this woman, keep her and nurse and pamper her, and pay her the largest wages you can, and mark my words, my Eet, she'll turn round and worry us for what we ave done." " I have no fear, dear. I know Sarah Woodham too well, and I can do anything I like with her." "Yes, as you can with me, you hussy,'' lie cried. 44 Duke — King — why I'm like water with yon, dande. But," he cried, shaking a finger at her, 44 there axe things though in which I mean to have my way." Claude flushed up, and a hard look came into her eves. But no more was said then. Chapter Xll.r— Madahe Denise. 44 What the deuce brought you here ?" 44 Train my boy. Saw in the shipping news that the Fair Star was lying in -Danmouth, Felta bit seedy, and knew that you would give me a berth aboard, and here I am." 44 So I see." " Well, don't be so horribly glad, , dear boy. Don't go out of your mind and embrace me? . I ' hate to be kissed by a man: it's so horribly French." 44 Don't be a fool." "Certainly not, but you seemed to be In such raptures to meet me that I was obliged to protest." " Now, look here, Gellow, it's not of the slightest use, for you to hunt me about the I have no money, and I can't pay," 4 1 never said a single word about money dear boy." ®». hut yon. look money, and think money, and smell ofmoney. Good heavens, man, why don't yon dress like a gentleman, and not come down to the seaside like the window of a pawn broker's shop." "Dress like a gentleman, sir? Why, lam dressed like a gentleman. These are real diamond studs, sir. First water. Rings, chain, watch, everything of the very best. Never catch me wearing, sham. Look at those cuff studs. As fine emeralds as yon'd see." 44 Bah ! . Why don't you Trear a diamond collar and a crown. X believe you'd like to hang yourself in chains. ' 44 My dear Glyddyr, how confoundedly nasty you can be to the best friend you've got in the world." 44 Best enemy; you are always hunting me for money." 44 Yes, and going back pooler. You axe such a one to wheedle a fresh loan." 44 Yes, at a hundred per emit." "Tchah! Nonsense! But, -I say, nothing wrong about the lady, is there ?" 44 Hold your tongue, and mind your own business, air." 44 Well, that is .my business, you reckless young dog. If you don't make a rich 'match where shall I be ?" 44 Here, what are you doing?" " Ringing the bell, dear boy." 44 What for?" 4 4 Well, that's cooL I have come all. this way from town, had no end of trouble to ran you down at your hotel, and then you think I don't want any breakfast." 44 Yes sir." ' 44 Mr. Glyddyr wants breakfast ia directly. Here, what have you got? No , never mimi what you've got. I'll have eroded chicken and a sole. A fresh chicken cut up. mind ; none of your week old cooked stales, mind. Coffee and brandy. Mr. Glyddyr's order, you know." The waiter glanced at Glyddyr where he sat pretending to read the paper, and receiving a short nod he. left the room. "Now, once more, why have you cooie down?"- / 44 First and foremost I have picked up three or four good tips for Newmarket. Chances for you to make a pile." 44 You are very generous," , sneered Glyddyr. 4 VYour tips have not turned out so very rosy so far." . 41 Well, of course it's speculation. Have a cigar?" Glyddyr made an impatient gesture. 4 4 Then I will. Give me an appetite for the dejoonay." _ He lit a strong cigar that had an East London aroma, aud. went on chatting as he lolled back in his chair, and played vrith his enormously thick watchchain. 44 A smoke always gives me an appetite ; spoils seme people's. Well, you won't take the tips?'; 44 No; I've no money for betting." 44 Happy to oblige you, dear boy. Eh? No ! All right. Glad you are so independent. It's going on bloomingly then ?" 44 What do you mean ?" 44 The miller's lovely daughter,'' sang the visi tor, laughingly. 44 1 mean the stonemasons." Glyddyr muttered an oath between his teeth. 44 Hush! Don't swear, dear boy — the waiter." For at that moment the man brought in the breakfast, busied himself for a few minutes till all was ready, aud left the room. 44 That's your sort," said Glyddyr's visitor, . settling himself at the table. 44 Won't join me, I suppose ? Won't have an echo ?" 44 What do you mean ?" 44 Second breakfast. Eh ? No ? All right. Hah ! . Very appetising after a long journey — conrounaeaiy long journey. iou ao put up iu such' out of tho way spots. Quite hard to find." . 44 Then stop away." 44 No, thanks. Now lcok here, Glyddyr, dear boy, what's the use of your cutting up rusty when we are obliged to row so much in the same boat ?" 44 CurSe you! I'd like "to throw you over- board/'snarled Glyddyr. 44 Of course you would, my dear fellow, but you see you can't. . Rather an awkward remark though that, when I'm coming tor a cruise with you in the yateh— myyatch." The sound of Glyddyr'B teeth, grating could be plainly heard. 44 Be no good to throw me overboard to feed the fishes,. my dear boy. I'm thoroughly well insured both as to money — and protection," he added meaniugly. 44 Hope this fish was not fed in that peculiar way. Tint ! Capital coffee ! Now then talk. I can eat and listen. How is it going on with the girl ?" 44 Reuben Gellow, your insolence is insuffer able." 44 My dear Gellow, I must have a thou, to morrow !" said the visitor, mockingly. 44 Your words, dear boy, when you want money ; the other when you don't want money. What a contrast ! Well, I don't care. Capital butter this I It shows me that everything is progressing well with the pretty heiress, and that 'Parry Glyddyr, Esquire, will pay his debts like a gentleman. Coine, old fellow, don't twist abont in your chair like a skinned eeL" 4 Curse you, who skinned me ?» 14 Not I, dear boy. Half adozen had had a torn at you, and that lovely epi — wkat-you-may- call-it of yours was hanging upon yoU in rags. I only stripped the rest off, so as; to give you a chance to grow a new one, and I'm helping you to do it as fast as you can. Come, don't cut up rough. Be civil, and 111 keep you going in style so that you can marry her all right, and have two cbildren and live happy ever after," 44 Look here," said Glyddyr, getting up and paring the room furiously, while his visitor calmly discussed his breakfast. 44 You have something under all this, so open it out." 44No, dear boy, only the natural desire to see how you are getting on. You owe me——" 44 Curse what I owe you !" 4 4 No, no, don't do that. Pay it" 44 You know Z cannot. " 44 Till you've made a good marriage, and you cannot live in style and make a good marriage without my help, my dear Glyddyr." 44 You and your cursed fraternity hold plenty of security, so leave me in peace." 44 1 will, 'dear boy ; but I want my trifle of money, and you are not getting on as fast as Z could wish, so I've come to hrip yotu" 44 Come to ruin me, you mean." 44 Wrong. I have my cheque book; in my pocket, and if you want a few hundreds to carry on the war, here they axe." 44 At the old rate," sneered Glyddyr. 44 No, my dear fellow. Z must have a little more. The risk is big." 44 Yes. Might fail ; and blow out my brains," 44 Ex — actiy l How X do like this country cream j" Glyddyr threw himself into his seat frith a crash. 44 That was all a metaphor," he said, bitterly. 44 What way, dear boy ?" 44 About the Devil and Dr. Faustus.!' 44 Of course it was some poor devil hard up, and the other was not a devil at all, but some confounded money-lender; It was a hill Fans- tus accepted, not a contract." 44 1 daresay you are right Glyddyr. Have a drop of brandy ? Eh? No ? Well, there's nothing like a chasse with a good breakfast, and this is really prime." . , 44 Well, Fll grin mid bear it till Pm free," said Glyddyr. 44 You want/to know how I am getting on. You neednot «&ay.;" 44 But 1 want a change nhdl canhelp yon, perhaps." " You'll quaish the whole affair If you stay here. Once.lt was so mmh as suspected that ! amnotas welloff asl wes-— " 44 That you ace an titter begger — I mean a a rum beggar.' 44 Do you want me to wring yonr neck?" 44 The neck of the goose that lays the golden eggs? No; they don'tkill geere thatwav." ' The whole affair will be off." 44 Old man's a rUmone isn't he ?" 44 How do you know 44 How do I know ?" said Gellow, with a quiet chuckle. 44 That's my business. I know everything about you, my dear boy. I have a great personal interest in your proceedings, and every move is reported tome." 4 And to make matters worse, you have your self come down to play the spy." 44 Not a bit of it, dear Glyddyr ; but you have cursed and bullied me at such a tremend- oub rate, that as I have you on the hook; I can't help plaguing you a little.'' 4 4 Oh ? ' snarled Glyddyr furiously. c< But, all the same, I am the best friend you have in the world.?' 44 It's a lie!" 44 Is it? Well, we shall see. I want you to marry King Gartram's daughter, and I'llletyou have all you want to carry it out. And, by-the- way, here are three letters for yon." He took the letters out of his pocket-book, and handed them to Glyddyr. 4 4 There you are: Parry Glyddyr, Esq., care of Reuben" Gellow, Esq., 209 Cecil Street, Strand." 44 Why, they've been opened !" 44 Yes, all three — and read." You scoundrel !" roared Glyddyr. 44 Do yon rlnrB fn cif flioro and fall tnofTiof v/>n liovn hai) WW Mi.V VU.WA.W MUM iuv J VI f 9 AiUM the effrontery to open my letters and road them?" 44 1 didn't tell you so.' 4 4 But you have read them?" 44 Every line." 44 Look here, sir/' cried Glyddyr, rising fiercely, 4 4 1 found it necessary to have my letters sent to an agent." 44 Reuben Gellow." 44 To be forwarded to me where I might be yachting.'' 44 So as to throw your creditors off the scent.'' 44 And you, acting as my agent, have read them." 44 In your interest, dear hoy." 44 Curse you ! I don't care what happens now. All is at an end" between us, you miser- able !" - 44 Go it, old. fellow, if it does you good ; but I didn't open the letters." 44 Then, curse you, who did?" 44 Denise." CHAPTER Xin. — The Fnnaro in Need. Glyddyr's jaw dropped. 44 Now, then, you volcanic eruption of a man ; who's your friend, eh ? I went down to the office yesterday morning. 4 Lady waiting in your room, sir,' says my clerk. 4 Who is it ?' says I. 4 Wouldu't give her name,' says my clerk. 4 Wants moneythen,' says I to myself, and goes up, and there was Madame Denise just finishing reading number three." 44 Good heavens !" muttered Glyddyr, blankly. 44 4 1 came sire,' she says, with one of her pretty mocking laughs, 4 to ask you for ze ad dress of my hosband, but you are ab-seut. It ees no matfcair. I find tree of my hosband's leitaues, anu one say ne sup-poz my nosoana go to Danmouth. Dat is all." 44 4 Then she'll find me out, and come dowr here and spoil all." 41 4 Divil a. doubt of it, me boy,' as Paddy says.". 44 But you — you left the letters lying about.' 44 Not I. They came by post. How tht deuce could. I tell that she would hunt me' up," and then-open her husband's letters." 44 1 am not her husband," cried Glyddyr, furiously. 4 That confounded French marriags does not count." "That's what you've got to make her believe, my dear boy." 44 And if it did I'd sooner smother myself than liW with the wretched harpy-" 44 Yes, I should Bay she has a temper, Glyddyr. So under the circumstances, dear boy, I thought the best thing I could do was to come down, fast as I could, and put you on your guaTd.' 44 My dear Gellow." 44 Come, that's batter. Then we are brothers, once again," cried Gellow, with melo -dramatic fervour. 44 Curse the woman !" "Better still," cried Grilow; 44 much better than cursing me." 44 Don't fool, man. Can't yon see that this will be perfect destruction." 44 Quite so, dear boy ; and now that this inner man is -refreshed with food, so kindly and courteously supplied by you, he is quite ready for action. What are you going to do?' 44 1 don't know. Think she will come down ?" 44 Think? No, I don't. Ah, Parry Glyddyr, - what a pity it is you nave Deen such a wicxed. young man !" . 44 Do you want to drive me mad with your foolery ?" 44 No. Only toact. There, don't make afess about it. The first thing is to throw her off the scent. She knows you maybe here." 44 Yes." 44 Weil, she'll come down and enquire for you. She is not obliged to know about the people at the Fort, your yacht put in here tor victualling or repairs." 44 Well ?" 44 When she comes, she finds you have sailed, and if we are lucky she will tori that she has missed you, and go back." 44 If she would only die r" muttered Glyddyr, but his visitor caught his frurds. 44 Not lifcely to. SoTtof woman with stuff enoughinhertolastto ahandred. It strikes me, dear boy , that you are in afik." 44 jdnow youSeetbe value ofa. friend." "Yes," said Glyddyr, thoiightfuBy. 44 I must go at once." J , s " And you must takemetoq Z£ shesees me she trill smell a rat." . " Yes, confound you, and bne bf the worst sort. There, ring that bdl. 44 What for — brandy ? plenty here." "No, man, tor the bill, I must be off at once." Published by special arrangement with the author 