MY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. awahningto antiquajilan enthusiasts. My uncle liad. a large nose, -which was J often the occasion of irreverent jokes at his j expense. He was also a man of antiquarian , tastes, and was often victimised by those J who palmed off upon him worthless articles j which he was persuaded to believe were of ancient origin and of priceless value. With these " curiosities " he filled his house, much to the annoyance of my aunt and the amusement of his less credulous friends. But lie was suddenly awakened from these absurdities in a manner so remarkable that he invoked my aid in reproducing a story often^ told by himself at his own fireside. It was a sultry afternoon in the month of September, when my uncle bent his steps across the common and through the meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer friend. On the occasion of this visit, and just as he was leaving, after having partaken of the usual hospitalities of the place, lie espied in a corner of the farmyard an old iron pot, nearly spherical in shape, which had formerly stood on three legs, but_ could now only boast of two. Owing to its unsafe condition it had long since been disused, and had been consigned to its resting-place on the principle that for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its exterior revealed the figure 16, followed by something which could not readily be de ciphered; and instead of concluding that these marts probably represented, nothing more than the size of the article in question, | the great antiquary rashly concluded that ! the 16 -with the obliterated marks represented nothing short of the da,te of its manufacture. A pot -whose early existence was probably contemporary with Cromwell could not be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly my uncle determined to transfer it to Stanley Court, there to keep company with the many relics of days long ago. But his burden proved more inconvenient than lie anticipated. After taxing his ingenuity to the utmost to discover a means of carrying it with a maximum amount of ease, it Anally occurred to him that, i nverted, it might rest on his head. Accordingly, it was so placed, and ray uncle proceeded with the queerest helmet that ever pressed, the brow of a human being. His patli lay along tiie bank of a small river, and so down to the mill. Here, it may be mentioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweetheart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rival, the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for the purpose of diverting the water to the mill, and thus a pond was formed at least five feet deap. The water often flowed over the dam, form\x=req-\ ins a beautiful cascade from six to eicht feet in lieiglit; and "when the "water "was low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform of the dam to save the walk to the bridge, "which stood more than a hundred yards below the mill. But, doubtless, my uncle had another reason for selecting this route, a reason which received additional force from tlie strange appearance wliieh he now presented. As may be readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uucle proceeded, but •whether from the effect of the aforesaid hospitalities, or from the "weight of the pot on his head, he became unsteady in his gait, and suddenly slipped. A fall of Jeight feet to the bed of the river was no joke; besides, such a fall could only end in the destruction of the pot. Now, divided attention is always to be avoided, where the possible issues are serious, as under even ordinary circumstances, a slip in Buch a place "was no trifling matter; but with the object of his solicitude firmly fixed on his head, what wonder that his safety was doubly jeopar\x=req-\ dised ? Be that as it may, the fact remains that he stumbled upon the slippery platform, and the pot slipping over his nose, enveloped his entire liead! Practically blind, he was now less capable than ever of recovering his footing: and his attempts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head fast into the mill pond. Thus was he brought literally face to face with an ignominious death, no better than that of the vilest cur which leaves the world with a stone tied to its neck. But the darkest hour is not unfrequently the hour of deliverance. It proved so here. The attention of Joe, the miller's man, had been attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strange head-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having reached the pond as quickly as possible, Joe succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle from his perilous position. "Whenever the old gentleman related the story to his friends he moralised here "on the vanity of human wishes. " Yes, nepliy," he would say, turning to me, " that was the | crisis in my history, not merely as regards the unexpected extension of my existence, but more particularly with reference to the folly which was the outcome of the mania which had seized me. I never felt how useless my life had been till death stared me j in the face under such ignominious sur-; roundings. My punishment appeared to me as complete as it was deserved. Drowning seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being the ruling passion which had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was, bore no comparison to my thoughts as I felt the air rise in bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thought how, in breaking upon the surface, they wrote my epitaph,' Emptiness."' Having rescued my uncle, Joe carried Mm to the house of the miller, where he removed the wet garments, placed him inbedbetween the blankets, and applied those means for his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It was fortunate that Joe was familiar with the treatment, as he was the only person on the premises, and the nearest house was fully half a mile distant. He persevered in his efforts and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. But the pot, the terrible pot, still canopied my uncje's head in spite of every endeavour to remove it. "The nose was the cause you see," the old gentleman would say, playfully tapping that protuberant organ with his finger, " and appeared to be little short of a bolt, which dehed the removal of that ungraceful head Kow, of all places, the mill "was perliaps the last winch my uncle would have cared to visit under the circumstances. He could not endure tlie thought that the miller's •wife, his old sweetheart, should witness such a spectacle, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on his misfortune. The old pot refused that assurance to him which his eyes would have supplied, and so he had to rest content with, the repeated avowal of his benefactor Joe:—" Keep yer mind aisy; the maister and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fair. But don't ye be afeard on the missus. She be mighty kind and 'ud help ye heaps if she was here. And now ye be safe and a-comin' round a bit I can't help a-laughin' just a little bit. I zeed ye go in headvurmost, right down like, and yer legs a-kickin' up zummat like the ducks when they go a-divin' after what 'em can catch in the pond. Then there's that there pot about yer head. La! I never zeed such a nightcap in all my born days. Don't think I'm a-makin' fun on ye, but I've a-tried to get'n off, and 'er won't come, leastways without a piece o' yer nose, and I reckon you don't want to spare a slice o' that." With these and such like speeches Joe enlivened his patient, introducing parenthetically such hearty bursts of laughter that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but his'increasing strength only intensified his desire to get clear away before the miller and his wife returned. As a first step in this direction he emerged from the blankets in which, barring Ms head, he had been enveloped, and with the assistance of Joe as his valet, he dressed in the srarments vrliicli that ■worthy supplied. There was nothing remarkable about these, with the exception of a smock-frock of snowy whiteness, which extended, to my uncle's feet, and played a not unimportant part in the sequel of tlie story. But here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in charge of the premises could not leave until his master's return. Every argument which his ingenuity supplied to detain his patient, and every protest against my uncle's injustice in believing the miller's wife capable of auglit but sympathy, fell upon my uncle's ears " like water on a d uck's back." Finding that he could place the pot in a position which enabled him to see his feet, and consequently the path bit by bit along which lie had to travel, besides being able to raise the plaguy apparatus sufll\x=req-\ S'J ciently to enable him to breathe; and seeing i that Joe could not accompany him as a guide and protector, lie determined to make the attempt to reach the village alone. Being naturally anxious to avoid, as far as possible, the public gaze, all thought of taking the turnpike-road was abandoned, though lie need not have been under such apprehension, for who amongst the many returning from the fair would be likely to recognise in that strange figure Farmer Bloomfield of Stanley Court ? Indeed liis objection to this route might have been overcome but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so he thought, might possibly recognise the garb which enveloped him, and would naturally feel unpleasantly inquisitive about the individual within it. Yet a walk of three miles through meadows and across a common after seven o'clock on a September evening, under such circumstances, appeared well nigh as possible for a blind man. Anything, however, appeared preferable to the' disclosure he so 'much dreaded, and so, trusting to his circumscribed vision, lie departed with slow and steady steps along the old familiar path, deter.vnined, by a happy thought, to make his way to the village blacksmith, whose ingenuity he had no doubt would speedily remove the encumbrance. Tiie keenest foresight is, however, unable to anticipate the circumstances -which may befall us. For soine time all went well, and the antiquary's progress, though slow, was sure. But what with the sultriness of the evening, the defective ventilation inside the pot, and the weight of that at other times useful article, my uncle was compelled to sink to the ground in a faint, just as he had reached a shallow brook, over which he had to pass; and there lie lay until consciousness returned. How long he had been in this position he did not know, hut he soon became painfully aware of the fact that llie shades of night had closed around him. Nor was his anxiety diminished as a tliun\x=req-\ dcr-storm burst over his head. Heavy clouds overspread the sky, and deepened the darkness; so that when my uncle rose to his feet, lie found the path completely hidden from liis view. In so helpless a condition, what wonder that lie wandered from the familiar track! To add to his discomfort, the rain came down in torrents; whilst the lightning, flashing around bim, filled him with a new terror. Still he continued to trudge his weary way ; and at length, to his intense delight, he heard the faint but welcome sounds which came from the anvil of the village blacksmith. Sweeter music he had never heard. lie listened intently to the sound as it was -wafted across the gloomy common, and with liis cars as a pilot, walked on, cheered by the fact that every step brought him nearer to the man who would remove the load from liis head — and heart. He had not proceeded far in the direction of the smithy, when he became aware of the approach of a man, and in the snatches of song which, fell upon the darkness, he recognised a familiar voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occupied by day in keeping other people's spirits down, resolved that his evenings should be spent in keeping his own spirits up, which he succeeded tolerably well in doing at the club which met nightly at the village inn. A load of anxiety fell from my uncle's heart as the sclioolmasterapproached him. But, alas! the relief was only momentary. Whether the darkness hid my uncle from his sight, or whether he was so occupied with his thoughts asto be unconscious of eueli a person's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit up the scene when they were but a few yards apart, revealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy whiteness. The song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air, and the tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove tlie schoolmasters fear, served only to quicken his flight across the common to the village inn, ■which he had left only half an hour before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, he threw himself into a chair, perfectly overcome and speechless. In the hands of the landlady he recovered in a few minutes sufficiently to explain the cause of. his terror. He had witnessed that night, he said, such a sight as never before met his eyes. In passing the spot on the common where, in the remembrance .of most of his hearers, a murdered man liad been found— a spot he confessed he never passed at night without nervous excitement—just as he had commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of his situation, a horrid being stood before him. It was clad in white, but had a head as black as night, from the top of which projected two short horns. It was impossible to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance around the head of the Satanic spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones, plainly called him by name. Surely the evidence of two of his senses could not be rejected. Tfis associates at the inn gave a ready ear to the statement, and after partaking of some Dutch courage, at the earnest request of the schoolmaster, they consented to accompany him across the common to his home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on the return of the miller, had walked to Stanley Court by the road, professedly to bring my uncle's clothes, but in reality from a feeling of anxiety about his safety, Finding he had not returned Joe started off in search of the wanderer, and on his way stepped into the village inn just in time to hear the schoolmaster's account of the ghost on the common. He might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolicsome turn, and wishing to test the courage of his bodyguard, he remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhile the ringing sounds from the anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer, and before the party from the inn had proceeded far the supposed ghost was encountered. Dutch courage proved unequal to the shock, and Joe had the satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless as much overcome as had been the schoolmaster when he sank speechless into a chair but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, however, was soon at my uncle's side, and under his guidance the | smithy was reached. A consultation now took place as to the best means of effecting a release; and nothing appeared so practicable as to place the pot on the anvil and with a sharp blow from a hammer to shatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding, but desperate ills require desperate remedies. It was therefore not without forebodings of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down came the blow ; and my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. The kindhearted and faithful Joe lived long in my uncle's service as farm bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as the old gentleman lived; and, in repeating these extraordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them that " he never zeed sicli a nut afore, nor sich a kernel." 