ADDRESS BY DR. SAUMAREZ SMITH. The .now Bishop of Sydney and Primato of Australia, Dr. Saumarez Smith, who has just arrived from London, occupied tho pulpit last night at Christ Church, South Yarrn, whoro d snecial servico was held to welcome him to this portion of his sphere of labor. There wos n large congregation and a representative attendance of olergy. .Tho first and second lessons — Hasoo; . 14th ; chapter, and II. Corinthians, 12th chaptor — wero road by the Rev. E. H. IVollastpn (East Molbourne) and Cnnon Sergeant CWilliamstown) respectively; and the Revs. H. Tuokor (Vicar of Christ Church) and J. A. - Ross (St. Martin's) sang tho first nnd second part of tho prayers. A special prayer of thanksgiving for the Primate's safe arrival was offored by tho Bishop of Mel bourne (Dr. Goo), and after' tho nnthom, " I wns glad when they said unto me lot us go into tho House of tho Lord," Tlio Primnto delivered. a short address. He said lie was not amongst them that night to preach to them a formal sermon, but he rejoiced in tho opportunity givon him of saying a few wards to them on tho occasion of his coming into this great laud to take lip thnt high office for whioli tlioy had just prayed that lie might have graco to fulfil. Ho thanked them heartily for tho welcome thev lrad civon to him; nnd ho commended -himself and his family and liis work to tiieir continued praycra. Ho thanked tliom for joining in that thanksgiving servico for his dclivorance from tho perils of tho deep and for tlio prosperous voyage hitherto, and for tlio prayer which thoy had just offered for his strength nnd help. He had been already yory mucli enoournged in a time of deep sorrow, by tho thought and tha consciousness of tho many prayoi3 offered up for ,him. In the few words which ho desired to' say to tliem, briefly, he would only, touch upon one topic which was nlwnys useful to dwell upon, and whioh perhaps might come specially homo to them at a timo like this — ho meant the thought of that godly union, which they had just prayed for in tbo speoial prayer offered by their Bishop. Unhappily, at this time, the very word " union " suggested thoughts of disunion, discord nnd strife. But he would try to raise, liis thoughts, and tiieir own, above all difficulties of earthly politics mid tlio complexities of sooi.il troublo, to tlio truo union which came from God, and which they might have if thoy sought it from God the Holy Spirit in communion. Tlioro were somo words in tho lltli verso 4th olinpter of St. Paul's epistle to tho Colossians which ho felt were being fulfillod to him to-day, and which, ho 'hoped might go on boing fulfilled for mnny years to come. The words wore — " Theso are my fellow- workers unto tho Kingdom of God which have been a comfort unto me." Tho apostle, however, used n word which ho could not say. By what Bomo of thorn had dono and said that day, thoy hnd shown themselves to have been fellow- workers unto the Kingdom of God, nnd hnd been a comfort unto iiim. Ho would add to tlio words of St. Paul another word of ' the samo apostle, who in liis opistlo to tho Romans calls' certain' helpers by name as helpers in Jesus Christ — fellow workers- unto the kingdom of God. Hero was a union of godly influences, wliich they might well seek for, and pray for, and strive to attain unto. It was a union for no selfish or limited purposo; it was a union which did not hinder, but helped — a union which lias a helpful purpose, even to eomfort others. It was a divine bond — they' wero follow workers, fellow helpers in Christ Joans. Surely thoy had tha widest and deopest ideas of . tlio terms here introduced, namely, co-operation and federation. Co-operation, working together ; hnd federation, hound together in a bond of unity in spito of tho many diversities that existed. This godly union, this co-operation, this fedoration was a union which comes from God by tho communion of tho Holy Ghost. TliiB was tlio union which Christianity was meant to brine into tho world, so thnt their minds and tiieir hearts could bo en couraged by tho thought thnt through God the Father comes tlio unity which belongs to the family of God, that in Jesus Christ comes tho union to which thoy wore mado mombcrs, and that through the Holy Ghost that union was hrougiit into their hearts and so into their lives, more and more in proportion as they prayed that God the Holy Spirit might di rect nnd rulo thoir hearts. Christianity wns tho unifying truth that God had sent into tlio world to put away all the discord and differ ences, and to reconcile nil things unto Himsolf. Their aim should ho to help ono another in Christ Jesus ; nl30, to help forward — and ho said it with all reverence — God's purposes in tho world nnd to bo fellow workers with God. Ho prayed God tlio Holy Spirit to help them all to io fellow workers unto the kingdom of God, nnd bring them to tho perfection of that kingdom through His Son Jesus .Christ. 