STRAY SPARKS. ? 0 ? The Chinese have started a. cotton factory. John is evidently moving. The New Zealand Government, like our own, intends to deal with Local Option during the coming session. A competent critic says that Bismarck has much in common with Richelieu, but is the very antithesis of Gladstone. The revelations in connection with the Premier rmiiding society prove chat it is easy to secure public men's names to bolster up a rotten insti tution. Lord Cadog-an has surrendered to the Guineas Trust one acre of land in a central part of the Ca dogen estate, thus enabling the Trust to more easily carry out its work for housing the poor. Like his deceased brother, the Duke of Edin burgh is subject to epileptic fits. One oE these prevented him from attending the King of Por tugal's funeral. Jonathan Hutchinson, a great authority on akin diseases, has shown that people affected with leprosy eat much fish. The Isle of Man, however, affords a striking exception. J. C. Neild complains of the ingratitude shown towards one who has served his country and his fe!low-men. In future he should be known as John Cassius and Brutus Neild. Men should be grateful when they are bored. Parkes was much exercised a few years ago in giving this colony a new name. He is now puzzled over a ' moniker' for the latest baby, lie will ha called Federation Parkes. Is this a compliment to wedlock's bonds ? Harry Qailter of the Universal Review wanted to put up a memorial to Wilkio Collins. first in Westminster Abbey and afterwards in St. ram Ui i-it; JLuta, nuwevui, puo luiu ixiuuuy uu much better uee by providing a library for the poor in the East End of London. Mr. Wm, Morris, poet and socialist, has been predicting a revolution which will begin with a war on labour. The military, he says, will be first called out to shoot down strikers, and the present social system will be afterwards over thrown. Nordenfeldt Parkes is evidently a pioneer of the movement. When Tummy, Prince of Wales, was in India he made a good thing by presenting his Oriental hosts with his own photograph in plush frames and receiving in return gold, jewels, and costly silks. His son has been too stingy to even make ouch presents, but it oeems that Indian princes have become too cute to be caught by the old dodge. Land Nationalization was in tbe air before Dr. Wallace or Henry George was heard of. The ' Westminster Review advocated it as eai-ly as 1852 its expediency was urged by F. C. Newman in his Political Economy in 1857, by Herbert Spencer in Social Statics 185-1, and John Stuart Mills insisted on the right of the State to un earned increment. Several others broachel the tht ory betore George's time. By the way, ara the Noose cablegrams now sent by their usual representative ? Last Monday we had some sensational particulars about the O'Shea case, and these were followed by the announce ment that Bismarck had been ' on the bust and got them bad.' Imagine the man of blood and iron getting seven days for medical treatment. To uae what Micawber termed the coarse language of sport, Alfred seems to be getting back to his old form. London society generally makes a god of some literary man every few years, calling him from obscurity to notoriety, if not fame. The craze which set ia for Hugh Con way a few years ago, and lati r on for Rider Haggard, is now turned to wards Rudyard Kipling, a young Anglo-Indian on the staff of the Scots Observer. He is an intense Tory, and this accounts for the favour of society, but still he is an able writer, and his Barrack room Ballads are the best of their kind. The irrepressible Henniker Heaton has re ceived a telegram from some one he did not know in Australia stating that the genuine Sir Roger Ticbborne had been found. The telegram cost .£11, and Henniker wrote to the present Tich« borne, but the latter had received several simi lar communications, and pays them little heed. Now that Henniker has discovered his descent from a baron of the 12th century he has become interested in the aristocracy. Even the Tories themselves seem to place little value on the judgment of the Special Commission. Arthur O'Connor, one of the ' criminal con spirators ' found guilty of trying to expel the English garrison from Ireland, has been put upon the list of the six chairmen provided for the Grand Committee of the House of Commons. Mr. O'Connor was once a clerk in the War Office, and in addition to possessing marvellous acquaintance with the rules of the House displayed from the beginning a knowledge of finance. Are we so very much in advance of the Chinese? Quoting from the Chinese Times the S. M. Herald tell3 that in China poverty is a distinct force in politics and is the main recommendation of the leading politicians and officials. It iB con sidered a Bign of probity. The redoubtable Vice roy Chang Chitung owes much to the vacuous condition of his purse. Ho may proceed from ono audacious failure to another and spend the State money as he pleases. His great power iB his povorty. Ah ! China is a country that would stiit Parkes immensely, and he should go there at once. In the words of the Mikado, he never would be missed. An Inspector of Dairies is to bo soon appointed at Kiama, at a high salary. Kiama can sing like a brace of canaries, For it soon will possess an Inspector of Dariea, Whose screw must be large, with a brain in pro portion, To detect, and then punish, the milkmaid's extor tion. Hio puce must be fast as Joe Scott or O'Leary, That he may travel round and examine each dairy. No (v, in creditors dodging John Haynea can boat most, And has quite enough pace to keep up with The Ghost. That is, when other people's ghosts walk. John seldom gives his own a chance. To the pure all things are pure. The Women's Christian Temperance TTnion and the Social Purity League are again active. The cable is again interrupted for repairs. But that, we presume, will make little difference to the cablecrammers, A prophet is said to find little honour in his own country. Henry George is called the Prophet of San Francisco, yet his theories have made little headway on the Pacific slope. Parkes may be considered a native of Brnmnia gem, where he was apprenticed. He lays claim to be the Gladstone of Australia. We are willing to concede that he ia a Brummagem Gladstone. Railway accidents ia England are attributable to the mile a minute pace. Yut we have, all things considered, a greater loss of life in New South Wales, where the rate is 18 miles for four hours. Mr. J. P. Abbott admits that he ia perfectly in different about what may happen fifty or a hundred years liene?. Well, people fifty years hcace will be indifferent, if not ignorant, about Mr. Abbott. Not the least of the many objection able features in Mr. Balfour's Land Purchase Bill is that the Boards dealing with congested districts are nomi nated by the Lord Lieutenant instead ot being populaily representative. Though 100 to 1 is now offered against TYhite's colts for the Derby, our supremacy on the turf is not hopeless. Whatever may be the case with our horses, the cricketers have more than held their own. In reply to Sir William Harcourt Profo3sor Tyndal denie3 that he himself is a member of any Orange lodge. Parkes is in much the same posi tion. Why, even that doughty champ- on of King Billy, John Haynes, is not yet initiated. A Bill has been introduced to repeal the N. S. W. Party Processions Act. Its sponsor, Mr. W. Stephen, M.L.A., would shine in a procession., for he is the living embodiment of the Stage Irishman, as pictured by Punch. Chmuty should commence at home, and the two Victorian farmers who have come to the better employed in preaching tD their own neigh bours. If Protection bo a bad thing Victoria should be in a bad way, but is it ? An American authority proves that drunkards have been made from the use of bitters and other medicinal preparations. This is not improbable, as a recent analysis has shown that most of the so-called temperance drinks contain more alcohol than do the so-called intoxicating ones. Did the following figure of speech come from our Postmaster-General ? ' Like a Peri outside the gates of Paradise, John Haynes hovers round the Orange lodges ' According to Tom Moore 'the Peri may be yet forgiven,' and certainly the peerless John is working very hard in the cause of King Billy. The editor and assistant editor of the Daily Telegraph are about to resign rather than be led by bourgeois directors. Had they adopted such a course — as another prominent member did- — rather than raise the 'ominous silence' cry at the last ele.tion it would be more creditable. One dirty job surely brings another. Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Windsor, fcake3 exception to some allusion made in these columns to Dickens's regard ior the fair sex. He relies on Dickens's works to refute what was here stated, but in a case of this kind facts go further than fiction. Dickens's heroines may be ideal heroines, but has his treatment of his wife ever reached Mr. Fitz patrick's ears. Then the popular novelist has satirized hi3 own mother as Mrs. Nickleby, just as Micawber is a caricature of Dickens pere. By the way, our Windsor correspondent took exception to our views of Henry George. Well, the latter has sine1 come, but his mission has not been a wonderful success. Mr. Eddy is in favour of appropriating Hyde Park for a railway depot and giving the old ceme tery as a park, which ho says would bo a 'fair thing all round.' Our Commiesioner, Mr. Ediy, His consent would give quite ready On the people of this city as a recreation ground To bestow a graveyard ample So that all our foes might trample, And than this he thinks there couldn't be a fairer thing all round. Thus could larrikins get even With the 'traps' who've gone to Heaven, While the late deadbeat Park loafer must enjoy his slumber sound. For he'd gain some consolation When be thought here men of station Were his bedfellows. Why, could there be a fdirer thing all round ? It is true that feelings other M^vny hearts would try to smother, Much regretting that our forefathers had got no Creed profound To instruct them in cremation - And thus save them degradation^ Though than this there isn't, Eddy thinks, a fairer thing all round. Now, if ever Eddy leatns How to mind his own concerns, , Never minting other people, nor tueir feelingB try to woi.nd, Ho would see it's desecration To on graves hold recreat on, And m fact a practice very far from being fair all round. It is not a place of pleasure Where we all might stay at leisure, But a cemet'ry that's wanted Redeem terminus to bound. Death of late has come much faster With collisions and di3aEt r^ And than parks a graveyard would be better for the people all round. ? The Shamrock Club hold a picnic to Athol Gardens on Queen's Birthday. The Eddy libel case has been further adjourned till to-day (Friday). Latest cables state that Narellan and Kirkham are doing good work, the latter improving rapidly. Ringmaster has accepted for the Manchester Cup* to be mn on. the SOth instant* i 