A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word 44 Fair," in itv commercial sense, is a 44 free market." In other words, a " fair" means a market at which all and every mar purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, aod also w litre nil and every can 811 with out any such disabilities a» attach to ordinary markets. At oue time tlra- fair m Bngianawcre great features in tlie socia and industrial life of (he people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, adulter perhaps for regret, in some respecte, but inevitable under the changed condition of ths national life." Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain la these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is dose with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk is the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon onr freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century Life, too. though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too abort for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week Tms, however, is not a matter fo marvel If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards then the old folk conld possibly -earn. The average earning capacity and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than i& those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting— people, by the way, who are of fffomisr sapless constitution to that of Lord Mannem who wrote 44 let science, learning, aits and commerce die, , Bat give us back our ownnobDity-" People nowadays have money to spend, and as cduc ttonandA higher intelligence have taught theanhow tw : spend it wisely, we find great eetablidimaite, Both aa >: Serial,' rfe ' r » Here we pause to make n oorrectira. Welhavw / u said (hat fairs toe unknown in Anrtralia. atw Wrong. At this present moment, the .firm we iiave mwitioned, Mesas. Foy and . Gibtoa, are; conducting a < gigantic Fair, and to use a giuhic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, 14 it is a sight 'to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops 'during the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sfirb of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those .places. All moved by tlie one impulse — an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great.. Fair. To (he benevolent mind it must .give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. Tbe young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers ot surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper an 1 more contented spirit than ha« hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of (hose splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than erer fn . her home. The country gentleman who has pnr- wfaieh he shall presently conduct liis bride, 4s filled ' with a wen ha of importance and responsibility, to-' : which hltiierto, during liis shift) slovenly haduior . days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, -.ft " ; is, impossible for a reflecting observer to look . on at the op?»Rp)p«g infln and -out -flux - of visitors to this show to be insensible - . to the circumstance that these fairs eevve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the oalcula- t_ tions of tbe originators themselves. TCedqnotsop- ) . pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplate ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But ; _ as a rule moral good follows upon all Lonotuahle <s/' terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when flwf :? reckon their profits, may, if they please, odd to ihem the important, though intangible balance pf an tit- . creased popular contentment. There is another lesson to learn from these fairs, a off that is, that in tbe hands of capable men, no affairs, - however intricate or com plicated, ore beyond the 3 influence of method. Tha rules by which (his 3 establishment is governed, are even a s the laws of flie Medes and Persian?. A fixed system— result ; of long experience- and large business tot- 3 perience, controls ev»iy detail ' of the buri" ness, so that matter? go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of (he throb and pulse ofihe ; steam engine. : Gome idea may be foim-d by thosewho have new visited Foy and Gtbsun's premises of their wire when we inform them that tiie frontage extends 290ft. to Smith stxeet, and (hair there /s to Little Oxford slreet,L of 200ft. Thergr|a show rooms, fil" with (he coeGiest- of Jfen3n3tot,: raiment are enormous apartments. ' /We .WoSfcrf i ghosts of dcpartPd belles assemble here o'aisUsMMl, amid"t djuTiivi --ilcfi ihI velygbi. aafl lagg. atfX ' bcKiiaerlnemallOT, taptcagnin aliglitilaYr , ottbc -AUi mi TSrc&> not leSwe in ghobu as BnikaplW nttiuil W'«Wftw.lliftTgMiW| !n heaTWi anfl eatth than are flnmrnt ihiNt parted fair and do rpitft ttiK .wsm'p,®; reoplfi— ladies in \- 'iiaiwriftn:; "«td if "tlnT j K»eh»£ini,«l jtlaaeiml played 