NOTES AND COMMENTS All tlie Ttaiian journals u-itness to the £i'.'ut iiuguientatioD in the immigration -if the peassintrj' into tlie larger cities. Tlie intense cttld and the unusua! Bcarcity drive these nnfortnates from tlie villages and liauilet? of (Ijo country to tiie citios where thev increase the numher of idlers — and too often diieres. Witlinul knowied^c of any ( trade, vidinot eniplnynujr.tj driven by j banger, tliey take refuge in ^reat centres, [ certain of finding bread and dicker, but i bi-ili fail, because tli6 econainical conditions . of the cities are radically bad. Many of die municipalities in |iast years, in order to j pnividu bread for tlse Etarving', Jiavo ? e.\o(.-mci! works not absolutely urgcut, ) purposely to pive them employment, and j these works often not necessary, Lave im pnverislied many sources. Commercial failures are on an increase to a fearful j decree, ivhilo soicidis are of daily j O'-- eure:iec Mr W J Parry, vice chairman, of Hie Carnarvonshire County Council, hus draft ed the oiillinu of a llomc Uule Dili for i W'jres, which will be discussed as a tcnat ! ivc measure throughout the Principality. I Tin.- vliief points of the scheme zk that a ! pmviiK-ial rarJiawent riialJ l-c clccleii for Wales and Moninoutlishire, to sit at Abery-stwitli ; that a Governor' slial! be I appomtetl by the Crown for a |-eriod of five veai-s ;' that members of Parliament ehaiHtc elected for tiiree j-tars unless llie Governor dissolvits Parliament in She inter im ; that tlie flections shall be by house hold franchise, and -that there filial! be a r^jtresensutive elected for each troparate i district whose popiJation sha7i l-e not. ?-;bs than 40,t»00 nor more than €0,000. Tlie election exj)enses would. lie paid for out of the county funds, and 'members of Parlia ment should be.paidJEl per day for sen- ice j at the House and allowed £10 for travel- j ling expenses each Session A contemporary informs us that 'There j are 11 muscles in the tongue.' This tuust j surely only roper to tlie inasciiline article.. Eleven muscles would never suffice to keep feminine -tongues in that splendid working- order for which they ere so famous ! Men are strange creatures. They will waste an hour Hunting a collar-button instead of baring an extra eupplyvund letting their trifle find the missing one. Vou never see a woman looking for a pin she drops it on the floor. Her Imsband finds it when he walks around in liis bare feet. . Benevolent 'Old J-soy (to whining medicant) : *' Kow just tell the young woman behind tiie counter what yon*]] have to cat, and I'll pay for it' Medicant (briskly) : 'Give us.apound of those 'ere macaroons, miss.' ' A foolish -fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a very long face, that be had seen a ghost. When, and where ?'?' said the pastor. ' Last night,' replied the timid man, -*1 1 wbs passing by the church, and up against Hie wall of it did I behold the spectre ' In wliat shape did it ap pear 1 ' asked tlie priest ' It appeared to he in the shape ot a great a.«s.' 'Go home and hold your tongue about it,'' rejoined the pastor! ' You are a veiy timid man, and liave been frightened by your own-, idiadonr. A Eraoch newspaper gives a curious note on the origin ot the science ot electricity. It says that until now tiro French lave alaaysattnlmtc-a to aie auue iNouet tne honour of having been flic precursor of Franklin, and to have wade known \\\ ith clearness the relation of eloairic phenomena with tlmse o£ tiiander. ITo now find,, die writer says, in Italy's book by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, published in 17-46, two yearfi. before the discoveries oftiie AbbeNollet of wliich *ho tiOes is ' I)e I'Cleetriche on de la JPorce EIoctriqiiB des corps.' It contains fact* eitielnely curiouB Cor the epoch it belongs .to, and on thonder is flu's charneterisric paragraph : ?? What fatal surprise await* -the firet experiineator, who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning. w«H succumb a'victiinof his ou curiosltj-.' 