IISCELL.ANEOtUS READINGS. SIc WALTrn SCOTT said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. TaM JooxNs OF HISTORY.-It is remark able that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths. England has had but a single King John, and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. John Baliol sometime King of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty-three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdurced; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died ffcrm the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of the East (Con stantinople) called John, one was poisoned; another blinded; a third was monarch iii name only; and a fourth gave up the throne owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the weatfeis of it. EFFECT OF A WELL-TOL.D TIAL Oar A1 C~itLD's SlssintfLT·Es.-Nothing appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensi bilities, the mdral nature of a child, as a well-told tale. They reobl against what is commonly called "preacling," bhit the greatest rebel of them all will yield to the softening influences of a tale that carries 1 its lessons with it. Is not that enough? But the story does more. It broadens their 1 views, cultivates their finer feelings, des- I troys selfishness, teaches them to appreciate 1 their relations with others, and planes down the rough places that would fill their lives with friction. This much it does to theih inorally. A young miind must have recreatioh as ?ell as a young body. The story brirghtetis and reif?esthes it, br'ushes away the cobwebs that will gather even at a tender age, aind fits it to return with neW vigour to its more serious work. More than that, it adds to the child's information by icqtlainting him ili her W"itl certain plhases of life, witli mailnmf$ sld customs that are not taught b.mniere history. 3iy all means, then, let the children read stories. IN Tin TwEnaTIETi CnENTURY.-In the home, the cooking stove and kitchen maid 1 are no more. Clothes-making, soap-malking, starch- making, laundry work, coffee-brown ing, yeast-imaking, butter-making--all are gone. Send after them-or rather say that organised industry is already taking along with these-the remaining w:ork of cooking and cleaning. This state of things is coming as sure as fate, and when it comes the deliverance will be so great that gene rations yet unborn shall rise up to bless the workings of this bcneficient law. The city of the flsttito ? ill not build houses in squares, giving to eveir house an indivi dual kitchel aiid prisoil-like back yard. It will rather build them:n all round an open square, and the part now disfigured will the 1 kitchen will be given over for a household sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green space, where children shall play in safety and through which the free air of heaven shall blow into the houses surrounding it. In every square will be found a se'entlfically constructed building containing a laundry and a great kitchen, supplied with every modern appliaince for skilled and scientific cookeiy, and also for sending into ete ry dining-room any desired quantity or vauiety of food. The indivi duality of the home and the home table wvill be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. Tarm BA-LoxcIAN HoURn.-Why are our hours and minutes divided into sixty parts? Simply dahtl colely because in abylon there existed, by the side of the decimal system df notation, another system, the sexagesimal, Wlich counted by sixties. WPhy that ntimbdi shsdld hlase bhen chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well fdr the practical sense of these ancient Babyonialn merchants. There is no number which has so many divisors as sixty. The Babylonian way of reckoning time was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional know ledge through the middle aees,and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the isiagaia of the irench Revolution. For the French, whel ftetolutionising weights, measures, coils. and dates, and subjecting all to the decimal system of reckoning, i-efe indiied by some unexplained motive to respect oit clocks arid watches, and allowed our dials to retaini sexagesimal that is, Babylonian. each hour consisting df sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an tmubroken tradition of a teaching descend ing from father to son. SAFETY is Cd iijfbit.-Tlhe lift, or cle vator, in Gdrmafi houses is nost dispia.ed ostentatiously. It is belhind iron doors, to be detected only by inspect ion, and is moved by clanking chains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing char- 1 etoerlstic. You cstnd in the great hall of the hotel and sileiitlt dawa!t develo=ments, Everybody else ieis the greatest pIerity of time. Preseitly, from thle unknown into iior, iron ddors fly open, and a soldierly looking sdranrit, with brass buttons on his cap, preoccupield with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elabsrate in construction. Perhaps there may be five passengers ready to get aboard. Wi'hen four have taken positions, the master of the ] elevator waves the fifth backward with the 1 aifi; i c air of atthority, and, if the rejected n is an Aman American tirgenlta go itp at once, ie is tdid pli'mptorily that there nre nlaces "only for four." 'The iron doors are oanged, the engines heave, and thle massive maclhine moves. Safety is consulted! IIHere is a masterly melchanism that milght swing 4 apair of elephants of the size of Jlumbo, bhut an attempt to lift at once more tlan 1 four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. Tihe things imlpos sible. CAIE OF T0' E FINGER NKAILS.--If care fully attended to, the delicate lmalf moon of tihe finger nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, Will grow to bb rTrv beautiful. Many people thlinht that pllshing the sidn b?ck from tlhe nil will show it more, and by this practice the delicate hem, as we call it, which holds thle upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and thle ends of thie filon 's hIave an igly, yellows-growth encirclin thie nail insteadl of tlhe delicate framewosrk whlich nature intended. Thlen the way inwlichl the nail is cut can totally change the shape of the fingers. By cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping the corners from adhlcring to the skin, hang- nails can be avoided. Where the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and the nails should never ie polished except lwhen some oily substance is used beside the powder. Thils Ikeeps the nails more pliable, and ino matterlhow thin they are,if properly treated, they are no mioreliableto brelak tlin richer ones. Anotler thing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too roughly, They should be lightly, touched and not rulbbed until they hecomne heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on tlhe nail and mar ring its beauty. LIFE IN LABRAnon.-The number of stockings worn by the people is often as tounding. Four, five, and sometimes a half dozen are used inside their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous slirts of lhm women of Irish Connemara. But the indian women of the south and tls Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully ap parelled. Anything they can get their lhands upon possessing gorgeous colour is used for decoration. Theyv almost equal American womn il this respect. t'crhaps this is more noticeable among thie vomen of the St. Lawrence coast than withl the northern Eslimos. The dress of the latter usually consists of huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering thie whole person from thie neck to the knees, trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping the entire head, and a sort of baggy cape or hlood hanging down the back, in which their fat little babies, are carried. Only among the half-breed women are there forms anid faces that are as attrctivo as civilized folk judge these things. The com pensation is here, however; for nearly all Eskimo women will measure in girth what they will in leight; and all forms of fat represent the Labnadorian idea of both utility and beauty. 