(BY CERVICULUS.) Mr. Withers, I beg pardon the Rev. Mr. Withers, has been informing the churchgoers of Preston, near the Blackwood, that he only wants the settlers to contribute £1 a year each towards assisting him in paying the premium on his life assurance and the interest on a mortgage. There is a frankness about the request which is in one sense praiseworthy, because often when a parson asks you for a "sub." you don't quite know what it is for, or at any rate are not quite sure as to what it will be applied to. We are, however, told that those who preach the gospel shall live by the gospel, but not that their insurance premiums and mortgages shall be paid off by their hearers. And besides, the Reverend Withers does not say what the mortgage is upon—whether it is upon the family cow or on the long suffering horse, on which the reverend one perambulates the Southern Districts, in his efforts to diffuse the light of the Gospel and to raise the needful for the insurance premium and for the instalment due on the mortgage. His congregation would perhaps first like to know what induced or compelled him to have recourse to such a worldly sort of instrument as a mortgage, before they each contribute that £1 per annum. And then as regards the insurance premium, surely it is quite enough for the people to provide for their parson without providing for those who come after him ! It is, I am afraid, requests such as that preferred by Mr. Withers that often have a very withering effect on religion. It may be Mr. Withers' misfortune and not his fault that he has been compelled to mortgage a part or all of his belongings and cannot pay his insurance premiums but facts like these should not be unnecessarily made public, and certainly they should not be referred to from the pulpit or altar. A writer to the Bunbury paper puts the pertinent question : " If any of us have such interesting items to pay, I wonder whether it will be of use asking our friends to discharge such trifling obligations, If so who would not have his life insured ? " Who, indeed! Scene : Dress circle, Gaiety Theatre. Time : Between thî acts. Drainatis Personce : Mr. and MrJ. Teetotaler. He: Excuse me dear, I wish to tee a frieni on business. She : (After his return, in five minutes). Did you see your friend dear ? Se: Ye;; why? She : Dead ! is he not, sweet ? y Se : No, why ? She : Oh, nothing ! Only I thought I smelt his spirit. (He subsides, and meditates on the price of music lozenges and perfumed cigarettes. *#* " West Australians will learn with interest that it is Mr. John l-almon, late of Perth, whom Mr. Hickling succeeds." (Adelaide paper). Apropos of this a learned Perth jester has perpetrated the following exceedingly neat impromptu : As a tiout yields to dexterous tickling, (Unsportsmanlike prank) f oa salmon surrenders to Hickling— And both at the bank. I think that the W.A.T.C. might wall display a little clemency to young Cleverley. 1 saw something of the disturbance at the W.A.T.C. meeting, which led to his disqualification, and although, no doubt, his conduct in striking a steward was very bad, still he was much provoked. Hi6 perpetual disqualification will be a very serious matter for him, and Mr. George Parker would be heaping coals of fire on this young man's head if he interceded in his beh.i.f, and got the disqualification removed some time bofc-re tlu next racing reason. I may add that I have not seju or heard from 'Cleverley himself since the affair, but that i simply utter the views of several disinterested persons. A Miss Barnasval, passenger per R.M.S. Iberia booked for London was left behind at Albany in a most unfortunate manner. It seems that she came ashore to purchase a deck cliair for her invalid mother, and curing her stay on ehors the steamer left. Chase was given by one of the launches, but all to no purpose. It is supposed that when the Iberia sailed the captain was not aware that one of his passengers was ashcra. I suppose this is one of the most unpleasant incidents that could occur to anyone on a long voyage—to be left behind at a remote port—and especially to an unprotected woman. But "Miss Barnasval should have learned when the steamer was going to leave, as it is less the duty of the captain to look after his passengers ashore than it is for them to look after their ship. Miss Barnasval, I see, left by the Austral. The following from a Tasmanian paper will amuse those who met the " much travelled" whilst he was running Miss von Fink— I mean Mrs Mouuttord—in this Colony. "Ibere are lot of people going to hear Santley who imagine he haB a voice like the fog-horn of a big steamer, and they will be disappointed. He doesn't sing like the skipper of a ship yelling through a speaking trumpet, so they had better not expect too much in that line. But after all what does it matter about t*antley. He's only the figurehead; the real draw is the much-travelled R. S. Smythe, or his son, who is Baid to be a regular chip of the old block, and no mistake. People go to see Mm, and Santley knew that when he engaged him. As the Empei'or of Russia said to him : " Smythe, what's a comet without it's tail ? and you're the tail of the th>w." Smythe said lie ' knew it.'" Some of the other side papers have been getting hopelessly muddled over the telegrams they have received concerning" the sitting of the Select Committee to consider our Enabling Bill. Here, for instance, is a magnificent jumble : WEST AUSTRALIA. LONDON, APRIL 18. • Sir T. Campbell, speaking at Exeter Hall on the qustion of granting Responsible Government to Western. Australia, asserted that he had not been assisted as he might have expected, and that the native colonists were hampered by the settlers, the Home Government being more tender to land grabbers and jobbers than they were to the Australian colonists. Now, I in the first plase, I doubt very much whether the baronet did address a meeting at Exeter Hall. Possibly the telegram intended to convey the fact thatin speaking to the Select Committee he denounced Exeter Hall interference in regard to our dealings with the natives. But could anything be more absurd than the other remarks attributed to .-ir Thomas, viz., that "he bad notbeen assisted as he might have expected," that " the native colonists were hampered by the settlers" (I should think they were) and why ? because " the Horns Government is mare tender to land grabbers and jobbers than they were to Australian colonists !" The man who transcribed -that telegram for our contemporary (the Hobart Mercury, by the way) is a genius. *#* The following absolutely perfect " bull" is. contained in a letter addressed recently to an Irish solicitor, and which has been published by the Spectator —" loth January, 1890\. Dear Sir,—I am sorry to see that I have got a process from you, and I rote you before that I was adgudicated bankrupt, and was left nothing but what was taken from me. I don't want to let you lose money by getting a decree, as you have lost enough ; but if God only spares me health I might be able to pay *#* you yet —Yours truly, J".K." The Spectator, pursuing its researches into Irish bulls, prints the following supposed letter of an Irish gentleman to his son at school, written by John Brougham, the Irish actor and dramatist :—" I write to send you two pairs of my old breeches, that you may have a new coat made out of them ; also some new socks that your mother has just knit by cutting down some of mine. Your mother sends you 10 dollars without my knowledge, and for fear you may not spend it wisely I have kept back one half, and only send you five. Your mother and I are well, except that your sister has got the measles, which we think would spread among the other girls, if i orn had not had it before, and he is the only one left. I hope you will do honour to my teachings ;if not, you are an ass, and your mother and myself your affectionate parents." *#* It may interest many to know that the capital parody on Mr. W. A. Gale's song "Clouds," which appears elsewhere in this issue, enamates from Melbourne, but was written by a West Australian. In the letter accompanying the verses he writes .- " Dear Bulletin,—Your paper is read and appreciated in Melbourne, especially by those who, like the writer, are natives of W. A. The original "Clouds ' was good, but I think the accompanying verses should have a show in your eminently readable and lively columns." Without doubt they should "have a show," for they are, on the wholo, very good lines. Doubtless no one will appreciate them more than the author of the original " Clouds," who should be well aware that it is only good verses that are parodied as a rule, and that admit of such treat—mentand no one will deny the excellence of Mr, Gale's verses. *#* People have been puzzling their heads over the following telegram which appeared in the Daily News last Monday evening :— London, May 4. Prince Albert Victor of Wales has returned to London from India. The little unpleasantness connected with the Somerset street scandal appears to have blown over. Of course the "Cleveland straet scandal" is raferrad to,, in consequence of which Lord Arthur Somerset and some others incontinently bolted from London. As regards Prince Albert Victor and the scandal, it was hinted at the time that a well- known character in society, who was acting as his "bear-leader," took him one evening to the infamous, resort, keeping him in the dark as to its character ; that a detective who had been told off to watch the place saw with horror the son of the Heir Apparent enter, and hence the interview between Sir Dighton Probyn and Lord Salisbury, and the frantic and successful efforts made to partly hush up the affair. Certainly, we have heard no more of that charge of conspiring to defeat the ends of justice by getting the criminals away, brought against a London solicitor. It only shows liow successfully the aristocracy can still work in its own interests and for its own protection, in defiance of public opinion. Bat as regards the connection of "Prince Eddie" with the Cleveland street affair, I have read nearly everything published in connection with it, and am disposed to think there is nothing in it. ## # 1 was talking to a friend the other evening about ingenious rhymesters, and he, justly, I think, expressed the opinion that apart from his claims as a poet, by far the best rhymester he knew of was Lord Byron. Next to him he was constrained to put our present day Gilbert, whom I should call an " inventor of rhymes." For instance— " And when I've got a smattering of elemental stategy, They'll say a better Major General has never sat a gee." I should be glad if my readers would forward me examples of ingenious rhymes, which I shall be happy to publish from time to time. One of the best examples I have coma across recently is the following, said to be founded on an incident which really happened :— C. killed a woman in Constantinopolis, And was very near pulled into bits by the populace, Of . that very renowned and smoke-loving metropolis. She appeared to him since on the banks of the Bosphorus, Of course 'twas her ghost, her eyes shining like phosphorus, If she'd carried him ofE it had been a sad loss for us ! 