'IMovcIist. - ' NADJA'; OllJ , A Battle With Death: ?*&, Love Story rounded on the Mys ? torics oi Thsosophy ant? Transmigration. l-fV/ fh)-:derw m. t-ey, ' rfnrfrt ''/ ' Km fir ; 01 , Junlvn Cogswell's J\ \/tii'iii/.u ;/ ActjiustS' CHAPTER £. TIlflBB HYI1H 01' lHj.WlIXa PII1B. Tho etoiy wnioh I am about to relato ia bo filled with mystery, bo replete with those things which Iho world onlls. impossibilities, (hat I iati often find myself wondering if it can bo true, Can it bo that I have dreamed il all, nnd by reason of its constant asaooia tion with facts, have thus taught myself to , believe it / No, no ! By my side Bits Nadjo, and from her lips oo:ne the repented nssur ineo that it hna been no dream. In the wondrous depth of her midnight ovgb I BCe ' that all lms been renlity. 1 know that I now dwell in tho perfect bliss of her lovo, and that I hnvo only obtained it by arising, Phicaix like, from Hi} ashes of the blighting, consuming lite which Bcorred me, body and EOUl, LUJUHU itXUtMUbluu* A UUU ueur UUW the MsBing of the flntno, and onn yet feel the reorohiiip, withering hont that shot ont from ... tho woman with the burning eyes, her Nemesis nnd mine. 'No, no ! It hnabeon no.drflara. '. It wae alt too horrible, too terrible, too real I 1 hnvo lived it through; I have homo the ?\\-. tests; I have fought the dread battle with . I ''.dark mystery for a foo, and I have been vic toriow. ' ? ? ? ? . ''- .?-...' ? . from out the maze of smoke and hoat, tho terror of tho dread duel to the death, where in the womcn-Cend was bo ofteiv, for a tirue, tho victor, I have issued unscathed ; and da I Jouk buck upon that strange chapter of my Hfo,an(l bring to mind the wonderful power of my steadfast friend, who ao magically pbno tratcd tho myatcrie3 that would other wiBe have engulfed mo, as I rfioall tlie almost im possible Rcbievcruento of hia oooultism, hiB knowledge «f the blaok- arts of Hindoo lore, I start yet npsin with wonder and olarni,and it is not till I feol her r.rroa twining around ray no;!;, until her wnrro, red lipa are pres sing mine, that I tun assured that I do not sleep, Hint 1 hsva not been dreaming, that I may not soon open my eyea to find that I am still alone in my studio, in the fading light of day, unloved, sad, cud with passing hours tcoDming more and more a conQrmed dreamer. - liut I will toll tho fctory in detail; I will unfold it, p-.go by page, incident by inci dent ; anri perhaps tho vtciUl, the careful re Iro ps'jt, way hc.'p to drive away tho fancies which i!;o teirer and tho horror of it all have 80 firmly hujircsaad upon mo. ' ' I sat ttlono in my Btutiio just as day wna merging .into. n-ght— nlono. -with the ghosts wbiou iiy fanoy wvoughl upon each half, finished canvas, as the eddying light of that djiug any becarno with eaoh moment more and tnoro alunthcd in shadow. I was nipidly lisooming a viotim oi welaucholiB ; my gsicty had turned, during the pott few month?, into morosonosB, my liigh Bfirito into bitter diesatiBfaotion and petulnn:.?. The day, which wao just drawing to a c'.^o.hnd ban one of bitter disappofntment to ra.\ for r Jind cuen .the honor which my ability hurt rightfully won deliberately awarded to imothc-r. Outwardly I remained oalm, but upon returnini; to my Btudio 1 had thrutt my hand and arm througft the oanvas upon which my Rrcatest eiiort had been BtowiiiR dny by day for weeks. I had ruined tho painting effectually, and thon, with a gtrnof Kutii-faction, I had lighted my pipe and thrown myself into the lounging ohair neforo the window, where I ast watohiug the sunset lints and bitterly wondering if those Bftrno uoDnoiBseuro who had condemned me would not aho have passed by those golden clouds wiih which Nature's brush had eo grandly decorated tho sky. As I witched tho gorgeous ooloring, tho strip of goM-lmed cloud, I beoame imbuod ? with the idps that JFuto had placed it thero as n promise for my futuro ; bnt I laughed aloud, ironically, at the thouCht, whilo I rautlcttd savagely : 'Although it 'in gold now, should I bnt touch it, it would turn to brass on the mBtftnl.' : . Still I ojuld not drivo away tho thought ; « was pleasant to droain upon, and bo i.ailoffed nsy fancy to build its castles in tho bit. ? ? . Suddenly thoro was a sharp rap upon the panel of my door. It oame bo unoxpeotodly and broke in to rudely upon my dreaming that I had kupcd to my leet before I realisod ?no nature of the alarm. ' ' u For a mnrccnt I thought that I would male no rcFponse. I waa not in tho mood 'OMijtmn, MidHlill kta to tear tho pity. . .''(! oon.ir.br-cea of boitio artist friend, who iau i robably eiUhd for tho purpose of nonrmng win, mo over my defeat. Ab I Btood m ihn oentro ot the floor, undeoided wnciiicr to ndmit my caller or not, tho rap wasropdtcci.flrjdih'' -'arm waa ho much ?OfH.fr limn ih'iymo^iu^ unti had been, thftt i ni6iVM«d nn longer, bnt etepped qnioUly _(.. forward t ml ihrew open the dpor. ? , V „ , ? a lowl r'7 I' BtiH'Ei'red baok, and f-Btooil slanr.g cff.igl.tfdly into the blaok iiainnosii nf the corridor,- for. tlierb,' btfbr'e mo vvera two bMin. t-t living 8re, glowing, fPatklmK, hiirr.lnR. They hUr/.cd upon me {,,, ,'! '''?''??''?y. na. though Homo -wild men ({ thu janglij were .crouch ing there, ready to ,,,ujn(? unnn atld U0VOU1. Ir,Pi jn. 'Wti, ihnt wan tbci HfBt I'cnsi'.iion of which! 'W cuifcioHit, iimr tbo -licit one cauie ^ .' ft Vu'')t'~a.'wonian'i), TO|o8y»d'drc8i(cd.. 'U tUirt thn Bttidio'ci Mr. Ooiigdon?'. l,.. ! ''i' t^rojiitnij. io .a low tone, not jet having recovered my. VwiW, dnd msnUllv ''''''''.'^nwn-'olly^nd stupiiljty. ?-?'. Wiii )'lll Wftllj iM ?)-- - . ?,' ? ,.'?: ''?[ ',V .'?:,';?? ;, Buo ei.'FTif«i''':a tali figuro habited 'enjtirely in bl-ioU — and 1 could nnt !:olyuluidJi'xing ao' Bho drew near to mo, just us tliouglr hur very proaonrto had brought a dread with it — a prt.'inonhion of ooming evil. I hutribdly lighted thu gas, fouling that the darltnbsB ?? waa -.the oauao of my fnnoies, nnd then turned to cidx my visitor a ohair. . . | Hut, again I utiutod violently, for tho faoo thut I saw huforo mo waa bo Btrango, go ..un natural , in ite death-Iilco lividnosa. /Her ooinplcxion, though dark almost to uwarthi neaa, hud absorboil a pallor which reminded me of a shoot oE parahment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to bo at last ex huniod, yellowed by a ? thousand . years of timo. . 'fho. coloring of her fuoa wsib as nothing, howovor, and I would liavo snoedily for gotten it had not her jolty hair set it off so atrangoly, bo vividly. But when ray glanoo met bora — when I looked into her oyou I Btood appalled. They literally burned, and with a lire bo intense that I involuntaiily put up my hands, as though to bar out th-v hoat that, must be omitted from them. 1 .-. as ropollod yot faBoinated. I longed to tiy from tho blazing fury whiou seemed over ready to dart ont upon mo, and yot I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearor. I was torror sttiokon, yot charmed. I did not apcalt— I could not. Tho room grow suddenly hot and stifling, my breath oame with difficulty, nnd I had tho feeling that my senses were in some unaooountablo manner being stolon from me. Summoning all my onargiea with ono mighty effort, 1 turned to tho window and drew down the curtain. Tho diversion re lieved me, the oppressive consations were gond, bo that when I again faced my guosfc I believed that my imagination had played mo a triok, for the fire had diod out oE her strange, dark cycB, leaving them dim and almost expres sionless, whilo nronnd tho corners ot her mouth there played a peculiar smile, ns though in tho briaf interval during whioh Bho. had been with mo uomo query that had boon upon her mind was effooiively an swered I wbb impreanod with theridoa that, Lowcver ehe -miRht state tho object of her oall,thcra waB some hidden intent behind it,o! wbioh I wan to beoomo an unnuepeoting, perhaps unoonscioualviotim. I folt a strange, sudden chill steal over too— that shiver which ohildren say is paused by tho act o£ Boraebody in stepping upon one'a futuro grave.' ''Mr, Congdon,' she said, ' I have coma hero upon tho recommendation of ono of your artiet friends, a Mr. Jules Delorme.' ' Ah I' I replied, abruptly, for t euddonly remembered that as I wan leaving tho Academy that afternoon Julea had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand, whioh I, in turn, had aondgncd to ray pocket without, reading, being too inuoh occupied by tho bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it agnin, Ia all probability it rofcrrecVto this call, and I wished that I had read it. IIow. over, I could do eo as soon na I should bo again alono, , 'lwant you to paint a poitrait for me,' sho_ continued, sinking into tho easy-chair against whioh my pipe was Btill loaning — ' the portrait of ono who_ is eo beautiful that you have but to auooecd in malting a perfect picture to become at once f amoun.' I bowed in reply, for I dared not spealc ; my heart was bounding with too uiuoh exul tation. It was tho very opportunity for. whioh I had loaged. ? ' You Will have bnt Httlo timo in whioh to accomplish the teieb set for you,' eho went' on in a low monotone which seemed peculiar to her ; ' three days at tho most.' ?',.:? ,?'' lropoaaibloi' L cxalaimed. ?'?,' No artist qould do a portrait justice with only three flittings, and I least of all.' ' ; : She shrugged her Bhoulderj'. .: ?/ 'Nothing is impossible iftho will bo but Btroug enough. True, yon will, haye your model fpf'only three sittings; but 'th'oy may bagin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon yon to paint the portrait,. Mr. Oongdon ? Will you do it ?' : . * : ' Bat tbero are othorB who possess much, greater talent than I,' I began with somd hesitation, but she interrupted me quickly. ' 'For my_ purposes,' she ehid, in a Ion tone, ' believe mo, there is no ona half as oapable ns yourself. Will you doll?;1 ?? She leaned forward as sho asked the ques tion, and again for on instant kev oyes ?blazed with that strange, fire which rohttercd tho atmoaphero I breathed bo hot and stifling. v ' II Oan it be a portrait of her own f?co?' I thought, for with all the .weirdhesB wbioh seemed to bo a part o! her, thero waa yet a ^Btrango, wild beauty woven into her f eaturoB. ?''But no,' I half muttered -in; reply to my own thought,; and ? then- I answered he; aloudi -'' ' ??'??'i :' . 'J--:-, ???-.?:?' ;. , '?? '. ;'( I will attempt it,'.1 1 aaid ; and aatrange, osultin'g smile illuminated her faoo for au in stant. ? ' » 'Tell me, now, who and whatis'ray model?' I oontinuedj and aa I aslted the question my visitor's face lighted up yet pnoe again with that incomprehensible smile, 'Your model,' she replied, in a low tone whioh thrilled .me, 'is ono who einoe she first breathed the breath of life has boen my oonstant care. She is beautiful, the porfco tion of creation. Woro you gifted with the imagination of tho gods of art and with tho brush of Gai^o, and could you ait her nlono in your Btudio and transfer to oanvao n por- . traituro of the aome of beauty, tho perfect ideal of loveliness, you would have no need to ceo your model, for her pioturo would grow before your eyes.' She rose from her low Beat in ths eaay ehair, and laid a card upon the tablo, and then glided rapidly towards ?? the door. Pausing aa ahe wflB about to pass' through it, she said: ? ' Wo will bo ready for you at nine in tho morning. The address it) upon the card.' , ? Tho door dosed behind her and Bho waB gono, while I still remained seated upon tho Btool in front of my easel, conscious that I had shown her but soant oourtesy, and yet, for somo reaRon, powerless to move. For a long time after nhe had loft me I remained motionloBa, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant; why Iliad been Heleoted as tbo artist for this work when there wero bo many with ready- made reputa tion who wcro ocrtainly more capable. I wondored who my oaller oould baj-aml why her presenon had moved mo bo strangely. I marvelled that I, who boliovod mysolf so strong, had been so easily swayed by .the- will of a Btronge woman. My hend throbbed with now sensations long after sho had gone, while manymisgivings presented thsraoolves to uiy fanciful mind as tho poBsible conaequonoo of .her visit. At last I reached forward and took up tho card whioh ehe had left upon tho table, but as I glanced at it I felt a thrill of dis may. ? ? ... ?There was no namo upon it—nothing but tho address. The ' Btrcot and number wero there plainly enough, but that was all. , I did not yot know who my visitor. was, nor oould I learn until tho morrow. She did not give mo her nami ; I ksd not thought to ask it, Infact, tho mor« I pon dered over (ho ooourronoo tho more I ho.iamo convinoed that in Dome way of which I was totally; ignorant niy visitor had oompolled mo tq romain BatisQod with t^,o little one ob.rieo.to tell me, and that my natural zeal for learning all that oould bo learnrti recording tht Rppointmont had, been for gotten.. ?'.. Had'l been made th« viatim of - hoax, or yvnn.my caller insane? , ? .Suddenly I roniorub'ererl th« »ott whioh Julenhad thruatinto my hand at the door of tho Academy, ariif I drnw it forth pngerjy; (liinldnj,' that I woula'. there- find soruo ex planation of tho ohain of oirounietanooa, But a now disoppointmont awaited me aa I ren'4 the rjo.te, .It ran ; . . ;: „ K ''? Djsa'h Di-iiCBi.v,— I'.1' h»vo talton the liberty of recommending your namo to n peraon who wishea 'a* portrait, bl 'tbo rnonfc boautitul oreaturo 1 over flaw. ' 1 deolined tho task for raasona 'whioh you will under stand when you aoo your model; I oould not hnvo done tho painting juabioo, but I am | aonvlnond that you can, Xou know vihat n droaU I have ot anything out of tho beaten trnolt. I y/ould Bay more if I oovld, but I hfive broken my word oven now, for I . pro- mised to say nothing, and I am obliged to contest! that I do noli evon know tho namo of tho person to whom I have recommended you. I hope that you will' undertake tho portrait and ouoeoed well with it. ' Jui.l'h DurioniuE.' For a long 6ime I pondered over tho words ivhioh Jules had written, and then I tore up the note and forgot it; But I had decided to keep tho appoint ment I had made, at all ovonts. Tho morrow will reveal tha myntory to me, if myetory thoro vero, and I oould wait. I turned out tbo light, and, taking my pipo onoo more, Bat for a long timo in tho easy oh^ir before tho window, thinking, doubting, wondering— -' dreaming dreams no moital ovor dared to dream before,' until at last iay oyeo oloBod, and then I dreamed indeod, I found myself suddenly in n brilliantly lighted room, standing, bruab in hand, boforo n monatroua easol, whioh was draped with long festoons of orflpo. Tho very walls of tho npnrtmont wore hung with tho symbols of mourning, while the hush of death rested upon tho silent air. Bo'oro me stood my model, n- oreature eo perfect, so auperbly beautiful, that I felt vay own utter in ability to oomprehend tho loveliness ot hor exquioito faae. Por many momenta it Boomed aa though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, itr desperation, I touchod my brush to the canvas. On the instant tho entire vision ohanged, and instead of that form of magnificent uplendor nnd porfeot beauty, I saw before mo the faoo of my Into aallor. But, in somo way, evon that was transformed: The latent beauty or nobility whioh I had soon in it had fled, and in its plnoo was the face of a woman-iiend. The burning eyes neemod, in my dream, literally to blaze with fire, until tho flames shot out of them and filled the room with a stifling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant tha faoo boforo me more and more reassumed the fea tures ot the faoo that I had Been first, until, nt last the radiance of that great beaucy ehone upon me again. * But stop 1 and in my dream I aeemed al most to hold my breath foe an instant. There was a differenoo I What was it ? Tho face which my vision piotured before me, and whioh 1 was to portray upon the oanvas, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that muah, I folt assured that hor soul had somehow gone out, and that tho personality wna 'that of the woman with the burning eyes. The face was there, but tho soul seemed to have de parted. Again 1 lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, bb tho picture grew, I saw that I was depicting tho livid pallor, tho parob mont-liko akin, and the burning, fiery eyes of my caller instead of the face ot my model. I oast tho oanvas asido, and tried again. Tho result was the same. Again and yet again I renewed tho attempt ; but with evory effort that terrible faoe grew moro and moro hideous, moro and more frightful; It beaatno a menace ; it appalled me. I worked as I had nevor worked before. 1 Btrove with all my might to pnint tho counterpart of tha fane of my model, but it ovei seemed as though that hideous soul burced through the beautiful features, and I oould depiot nothing else. At last, in utter despair, I threw down my paletto and broBh, as, with a paroxysm of raga, I tore tha canvas into strips and stamped upon them. 'Bring bask tho ooul that onee dwelt be hind those eyes, and I will paint tho por trait 1' Ioried.in my dream ; 'but I cannot, oannot do it now I' .'?.?? :- . . ?Then the rosm reoounded with a laugh which filled mo with horror — a' laugh of triumph, a laugh of tnonttce. '. , . - . ' That soul has fled, but minb.ia here,' I beard the voice of. my oaller Bay, in piercing tones. 'Paint that 1': ' '.... ?'?!?' 'y'y ?*..'?' ,::? .!'. '.No,' no I' I cried; 'Ioanriotl I will seavoh for the other. 1 I will find it I Even though it has been carried aorosa tho Sty* into tho regions of darkness I will find it and bring it hack 1' ?-???.. ? -^,;,;:.' , ' l-*obl I' rotornod the womap. : 'In acarohing for that you will lose your own.. Stay and paint tho picture aayouJind.it.' But I paid no heed to her words. - 1 darted away'Out-c! tha room,- followed. by %her de risive laugh. ? ?.-'-'-:? ? ' :'. ? ??';.'.? i'.'i : 'Sho is a fiend,' I oried— ' a fi&R;'l f aa 1 hurried on. '???? '.'; :. ' ;. '?'.?', ??'. :. ? :'~'~~:~ And there my dream ended, and hII ono'e more beoame a blank. I slept. ': - CHAPTER II. ' lUE ..MYBTBIIX DBEPI3KW. When I awoko it was broad day, nnd the sun was shining brightly upon the fountain, whioh gushed in living stream into tho air in the park opposite my Btudio. \- I Btarted a6d rubbed my cyea oonfuuodly, wondering for a moment where I was, and why I was not in my bed aa ueual. 'Ah,' I said, ' so it was a droam sf tor all and my picture is not even commenced ; tho work is yot to bo done. I havo not even Been tnymodel ; she remains to me unknown.' I threw off my gnrmonts and sprang inio tho bath tub, feoling a dclioious oonviotion that tho water would effectually dear away tho cobwoba of my. exoited fanoy, and thist Blakely Oongdon would soon again be tho prosaio artist prepared to go about with hia day'a work ^7ith a gonuino zest, onoe moro free from a host of unseemly fancies and weird imaginings. Tho dream and all that it had revealed to mo I dismissed from my mind as nothing more than the oonstquonco of my folly, wheroby I had allowed my mind to conjure up all sorts of shades and piotures after tha departure of my visitor, nud juot prior to my falling into the deep ulumbor through whioh I had passod. But later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Soon I began to collect theneoeneary para phernalia for my taBk, for I had resolved to make a rapid but thorough study of tho por. trait requirod, and to porform tho major part of tho work at my loisuro in my studio after tho three days of 'graco' had oxpirod. Then, when tho hour drow near, I Bofc out for the addresB written upon the oard whioh my visitor had loft for mo on tho previous uight. In tho oouraa of half-an-hour T reaohod it, finding myself baforo a large pquaro house whioh Btood book from tho street half hidden by tho treon which grow within the yard. I vraa obliged to pass through a massive gateway in the huge iron fonoo, and then ulong a winding gravel path, whioh finally brought me to tho marblo otcpB that led up to the great front door. ' Certainly they are people of oonsidernbla wealth,' I muBeil, as I noted oarofully tho cvidouoeo of Rliluoneo upon ovory hand, mentally shuddering when I folt my artiBtio Bousea outraged by tho frightful distortion wrought in tho figuron of two oouohanl; lions done in iron at either oiJo of the portal. 1 hud no nood to aunounoo my arrival, for one-half of the great door vms open, and just within, as though nwnitiug rap, stood a sorvant, whom I at firot miatook for a nogro, until a nharpor glance proved to me that ho wao iathcr,of an Asiatic oast of counten ance, and that his hair was (ie straight us in in p. ' Owry that to your mistrens,' I anid, authoritatively, cxtonding my oard towarda .him, lie took tho cardi anil itftci leiuUiigthe way into n small .reception-room^ bowed, and left mo, without* hftviUg utterccl ft word, .-? ' .- ' : -...'. ?'?'.-' ?'., Prceontly ho returned, and, still without spoakinp, oxtondod a salvor', upon whioh rualod a dolioately-folded noto. It was brief and to tho point, tc apologiaed for tho apparent laok of oop.rlesy in ^ot re ceiving mo in porcan, and said that tha sor vant would oonuuot mo to the apartment whoro the lady whoeo portrait I wau to paint was waiting to reooivo mo. Evidently it ?vvau ?written in great haato, for my employer had again neglected to rovoal hor name1, having eignod tho communication with two initials only, and thej' wcro 'M. D.' I motioned to tho servant to load tho way, aud after again iudulgiug in. a law bow, which oorjfirmed mo in the opinion that ho waB Asiatio, ho oonduoted mo up a (light of stairs and into a Jarge room, whioh was luxuriously appointed in Oriontal magnificence. Il.'gazod around mo in rajt admiration. Everything whioh my eyeBioBted upon within tho apartment pleaoed my artiBtio eonBcs. Tho hard wood floor strown wilh costly rugs ; tho inviting Scouohofl piled with dolioately ombroidercd ouBhiona ; : the works -of art by the great masters upon the, walla; tho tapestry— all wero perfeot in their complete noflo. That whioh Btruok me as most re maikablo was that tho deaorationa wero in no sense ovordone ; somothing had bean left .for tho imagination of the bo holder at ovory turn, end I stood entranced, in the vpry oentro of tho room, wondering if I had suddenly boon transported into tho. land of tho Genii. Then 1 turned towards tho door, intending to question tho Borvant, but I found that ho had disappeared. I wna dlono. At one end of tho room stood an easel, rendering tho portable one whioh I had carriod in my hand an unnecessary oorn modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with tho largo rquaro of strotohod canvas upon 'whioh I waa croooted to work* . . ? . '''?-? I examined It oritioilly'. arid found it en tirely to my taato ; and thon, throwing my Bolf lazily upon ono of tha divans, Ifeosiod my eyes upon tho assortment of ourios around mo. A half-hour pasard thus, and I waa be ginning to wonder how much of my preoioua time wan to bo wasted in impatient waiting, when the tapestry near mo partod, and I was no longer alone. With a sudden exclamation o? apology, I leaped to my feet, but tho words I would have uttered died upon my lipa, and I oould, for a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound, upon tho vision boforo me. Ah, yo who dream ot porfootion in the human form ; ye to pioturo to yourselves tho completeness of lovel/ncaa ; yo who ia your leisure momenta paint in brilliant colora tho ideal of all that is beautiful in womankind, must fall far short of ths reality whioh Btood before mo then ! To say that sho was beautiful would bo do famation, for beauty, aftei' all, in. a aompara tivo quality, and nothing could havo com pared with hor. Sho wob all, aye, more, tlian tho words of my visitors had proclaimed her to bo on the previous evening in my studio. Deaoription fails mo; words beoomo empty nothingness ; language iB utterly inadequate ; imagination falls as far short of the fact nnd ao entirely fails to grasp it as it doou when one BpeoulatoB upon tho vaBtncca and infinity of Bpaco. I was rooted so tho spot, literally paralysed by tho vision boforo me, and I oould do no thing but gaBp for breath, forgetful ot my existence, of tho world, of everything oxoop; that she atood there, and that I waa feasting my eyea upon her. Her soul seemed to ahino in tbo depths of her wondrous oyes — great, black, dreamy ,yot all ablazo with the living fire oC unknown passions. Tho olivo tint of her akin waa ra lif.vod by tho glare o! eddying llarao just be neath it, while every outline cf hor foatuvcu was so perfect that tho Vanua do Milo might hava blushed from marblo into ohy before her. The costume whiuh aho wove greatly added to the charm of her presence. An ortistia combination of Oriental nnd European, Bhining with embroidery and glittering with jewels ; she stood boforo me n revelation. How long I would have remained thus epellbouod and spcechlcS3 I willnovcr know, but her voico.liko notes of music falling 'upon 'tho stillness o! the room, reoalkd me par tinlly to myself; 'Where will you placo me?'.' aha asked, her .words rovcaling just a touch of some -foreign , aocient whioh I did hot rooog nise. ' ? ?? '.??'?'?''- .'?';.' ??'???.'-' ? \ In an instant I was myself again, and has tened to bogin the work for- whioh [now felt nothing, but eagerness, although 'at tho thought of placing tho eountcrpntt otall that wondrous beauty upon tho oanvas before me, I felt that I had undertaken an almost im ?CGSsiblo task. Truo, I could paint tho image, ot those groat blaok eyes, but could I repro dues ths soul wliioil Bho.no through them,lhe firo whioh blazed in' their deptUSj hidden, yet constantly impressing tho boholiifii-^Jih Jho ooneoiousnesB of its presenoo 1 I oould por tray the faco and features, but oould I catch tho something that I could not define, whioh, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part of her. ' Hore, pleaso,' I said, in nnawnt to her quostion ; and in spito of my resolution to remain merely tho artist, my voioo and handa trembled. But presently tho -york was begun. . She did not speak unless in answer to somo ques tion of mine. Whcnover I mado a suggestion regarding her attitude or expression,-' ehe in stantly falfllled my wiahaa. Nor did aha seem to tiro umlor tbo strain. Many times I punned and told her to rest a moment, feeling that she must grow weary ; but oho over siiilod a quick negative, and told me to proceed. On nnd on I worked, blooming ao absorbed in my tank that I forgot tho flight of timo. My brubh Boomed gifted anew with tho neoessity of tho moment and ponaesscd of a tnleut it had never known baforo — so muoh ao, indeed, that I sayeral timoa half paused in wonder nt tho genius I waa thus suddenly and unexpectedly devoloping, paunod long enough to marvel to myself and thon dash onco moro into tha vory vortex of thn occasion, With it all, howovor, I was not forgetful of my model. Many times I besought her to rest, and onoo I stopped work, saying that nhe rnuBt bo worn out, and that I would reBumoon tho following day, but oho told mo to proaoed, that she was not tired, that the work must bo dona in timo, and that an hour more or leso, then, wna as nothing to her. Onca, jn making somo alight alteration in tho draping of her garmont, my hand oarne Buddonly and unoxpeotodly in oontaot with hors, and I started baok with an exclamation of dismay and alarm. Her hand waa ioy cold — bo eold that its mere touch had Bent a chilling wavo all over mo. Than I insisted upon a Bhort rost, and uho roluotantly complied, hut although I en deavored to atart a conversation whioh would take her mind from tho oooupation in whioh wo woro ongdRod, oho responded only with Bhort monoflyllabio anBwera to my question!), never venturing a remark of her own, so that at laut 1 boaamo aa taoiturn aa nlm, and our work progressed in eilenoo. fln tho day wore uwny. At mon thn sums servant who had admitted mo thought a nub stautial luncheon into tho room, tuul for rmK 1 an hour I was left ulono ngaiu to discuss it and to rest, . Thon tho enrt&iwB; partod anew, and my moat beauteous visitor o*oo moro etoodbe fora me. I had began to work as ono in a drosm, Thero waa an unearthly quint '.about tho houbo, a Bomathibg unreal about my occupa tion whioh gradually took posfipBsibri of jiio until I nondered if I would not eooa awake . t ?' '« ' and diooovtr that Ihadindotdbctntndroiim. land. .'.-.. ''??? When tho night drow near, and Iho lighd beenrno too .precarious' fot mo to continuo my ; work, I 'gathered up my bruahoB, be oc/ught my model to -so andreBt, and took my dop&rturo;, . . At tho door I oribountered the sttango Ber vant, and I stopped long enough to slip a Bubstantial feo into his hand, and to inquiro ot him the namo of tho people by whom I waa employed, but ho only grinnod at the foo and then handed it hack to mo, murmur ingsorno worda in a tongue, which I did' not understand. ? . . It waa BDrnewhat ot a relief t& find that tho feljow wna not dumb, even though I opuld. gain no information from him, bo I .pressed/ the fee into liin btfnd again ? bnt 'ho.flrmly; though politely refused to acoopt it, and I left tho house moro puzzled than over, Whon I ngain reaahed my Btudio it was quite dark. Tho night was- warm, and I left : tho door leading into tha corridor oprjn, the better to get tho benefit of any breczo whioh might bo Btirring. Still halr-droamily I pondered over my work. Tho exquisitely beautiful fapo ol my model shono beforo my eyes aa vividly aa though it wero there in reality, illumined by a light oleotrio. The Boft, languishing glanoo of her oyoa— the warm, rich glow of her cheeks— tha dolioato oarvea of hor full, red lips— the perfeot grace of her figure thrilled mo through and through; and yet, in tho midst of it all, I aould not forgot tho ioo-liko ooldneaa of that ono touoh, whioh had sent a shudder all over mo. It had not boon like aontaotwith an ordi nary hand suddenly beoomo cold. It was like tho touoh of death itself —that wax-like, penetrating thrill which is felt when ono oomes in oontaot with a corpse. I oould not shake off tho feeling, nor oould I freo my mind from many unformed miagivingB regarding tho family, tho people, with whom I had thus strangely oomo in con tact. Tha singular call and tho order resulting therefrom ; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to rnako her name known to mo on tho part of my employer ; my tor riblo dream of the preceding night ; tho silent, Asiatic-looking servant, who either aould not or would not speak my language or acoept a fco from mo; tbp monosyllabic utterance!) of my beautiful model, and her vovy evident disinclination to say more in my presence than was absolutely neaessary — aye, and tho vory patent £ant that she, too, aa well as my caller of the evening beforo, was foreign by birth ; the elegant mansion with its princely furniture, its Oriental character; my own Btrango and unaoaount able Renoations, with tho almost insane desire to work on and on nt the pioturo I bad undertaken — all this and muoh more paBBod in reviow beforo mo in tha olouds ot smoke which I blew over ray head, watching thorn intently aa tha draught aaugbt them and carried thom whirling out of tho window into the darkness of the night, to bo lost, liko my speculations ol tho momont, in the vastnosa of npace. Suddenly I beonmo consoions that I was no longer nlono— that aomeone had antered tho Btudio through tho opon door. I turned my head lazily, without rioing from my ohair, expeotiug to seo one of my numeroun friends, and resolved inwardly to cut his visit as short as possible under the protenoe of retiring early, to find that my oyea were looking into those whioh had on the proviouD night refleoted tho strip of gold in tha western sky, from' tho corridor just outnido my door. ' Sit still,' she said, oalmly, restraining my effort to rise by plaoing a firm hand, which scorned full of strength, on my Bhouldor. ' You aro fatigued by your long day'a work, aud there is no necessity for you to move. Hera ia a ohair near yon which I Bhall oeoupy for the few momentB I shall be hero.' Sho seated herself in it, whilo I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was so as tonished by hor Booond oall that I could think of nothing to Bay. ' [ found your door open,' sho continued, J1 and bsv/ that you wore rest ing in yourohair by tho window, bo I thrust aside mere con ventionality and walked into your studio.' Again I murmured a polito nothing or two ; but before I oould collect; my wits euflt cicntly to nay anything worth recording, she went on ogain. ' You are very tired, I fear, Mr. Congdon, with your long day's work, and thoro aro two more just as long and juaS ns tiresome be fore you.' ' Yea, I am tirod,' T admitted; 'but the night wiH'rcat mo. What I most fear is that my model will not bo nbla 6n withstand the strain of two moro days liko this one.' ' Your model will not fail you, never fear,' was the mudam'a oool and assured reply, ?' and when tha threo days aro ovor Bho oan rest.' ' What am I to do with the portrait whon it is finished?' I naked. 'Of course you fully roaliso that this ia only a study that I am making now— that the portrait itself must oomo later ; that moro Btudy — aye, nnd moro art, must bo employed upon that in order to riiftte -t at all worthy of the original. What, thon, shali I tfosiiu »{ when it ia unisnod?' 'BeoHy I do not know. I had not thought of that.' 'But, surely, boing bo anxioua to havo tho work done before your departure, you must wish to havo it forwarded to you,' I oon tinned. '5Tes, yea, to be aurol I will givayou full directions before the work io comploted,' oho Bnid. ' And now, Mr. Congdon, I revert to tho roannn for my oall to-night,' ' Ye3?'I remarked, looking up listlessly, for I found that tho only way in whioh 1 aould avoid tho Btrango and unacoountablo RensatioiiB with whioh this woman's prosonce possessed me was to force myaelf into abso lute listlo3snosB, totally disregarding all in terest in anything. To look up and moot thoHO strange, burning eyee, was to feel the unpleasant thrill that I had noticed on the provioufl night ; to allow my heart to bound with anything resembling onthuBiasm upon any ounjeot whioh she mentioned waa to fool again that sonso of stifling and ol closeness whioh was bo oppressive. ' The purpose of my oall this evening,' she continued, ' waatoask you a question which you may consider impertinent.' II And that is ' ? ' Do you think that the portrait will bn a sucoesn? Do not otart, for I am not ques tioning your talonts, but your heart.' 'My heart I' I exolaimed. I was all iu toreBt now ; my. HstlesBneea was gono, aud ahe saw it, and wont on rapidly ; 'I know that you oau roprojiioa tbo faoo and form of— of your model ; hut, Mr. Oong don, can yon also roproduoo tho bqouty which Bhineu through her boing, and is not a part ot her materinl person f' Sho haned far forward in hor chair, and her oyen accmed to blaze like ooala of living tiro ao eho broathed, rather than utterod : ' To paint tho pioturo ns it should be painted, your hocrfc must foci tho boauty ol that bouI. Thus, your hand will bo guided to porform a work whioh will bo thomarvol of tho world. Youv eye oannot aooomplish it ; your sympathy, your soul, your — love — oan. Will you Bueceod.Blokoly Congdon?' Ab though gaaping tor a breath ol air, I throw mynelf backwards upon thooushiona, and my oyoa alosed in spite of themselves. I folt that I murmured n low 'Yon, I will suc ceed,' nnd then for a nhort t-paco I rnua& have boon unoonaakus. '' Yoh, I will suoooed ; but though I win fame, ronown, and fortuns, I will looo all elso that is mine, for, Heaven holp mo, though I havo seen my model but onao— though she ia na unattainable nn huavon itself at this moment, I lovo hor I' 1 opened my oyoo and looked nround me in the numi-darknosB. My visitor had gono. Thon I arose, nnd in vory bitterness of spirit, throw mysolf despairingly upon my bod.— {To be Cditinucil ) 