NOTES AND QUERIES. 8FBCIAL NOTICE TO CORRKBPOKDBHTB.-All letters re quiring an immediate answer must be in tbe office not liter than Monday. " Reader."-1, Aspic Jelly.-Bone and blanch eigb calves' feet, add to them three hens (without their fillets), 21b. ot knuckle of veal (minus bone), 61b. of fillet of veal, 41b. ot leer of beef (boned). The meat must be tied and put into a stock-pot, with 2Jeal. of water and Jib. of s&lu; Boil up, skim, and when cool add four onions (a clove stuck in each), four large carrots, four leeks, and a bundle of herbs, simmer till done, but the calves' feet will still be not quite cooked. Strain through a cloth ; boil up, dkim, and simmer till the jelly looks quite clear. Clarify, when cold, as follows Beat up the fillets of the hens in a mortar, put them in a pan to stew with the whites of tight eggs, a plat of French wine and a little pepper and sale. Add the Jelly to the fillets, and boil on a brisk fire, stirring all the time with a wire whisk. Do not touch it lor two minutes, strain | then, and repeat this proocss till the jelly is quite clear. 2. Take the whole of the white meat to be found on a couple of roast chickens and one very young turkey also, previously' roasted. Arrange this in a flat mould with some small pieces of boiled ham ; when the mould is quite full pour in the aspic jelly, which must be nearly oold, till it comes to the top of the mould. Place on ice. When set turn out and garnish with slices of lemon and small pieoes of parsley. " btella,"-1. Pot Pourri.-Gather the ro&e-ieavee; and dry them in a sunny window, allowing them to have a little air when the weather is dry enough. Have ready JI'j. of bay salt finely powdered ; put some of the leaves when dried into a jar, sprinkle on them with finger and thumb two pinches of the salt, then add more leaves and suit Then eather lavender and strip it from the stalks, dry it, and add as above, also some leaves of sweet-scented verbena, and if attainable some myrtle and orange blossoms. After adding the last flowers the contents of the jar should be stirred every day or two for tome time. Take a Seville orange, stick it as full as it will hold with cloves, and put it in the jar. 2. The following are some very good fancy dresses, that are typical of Aus tralia :-(a) "A Gold-mine" would wiara flowing skirt of gold-coloured Liberty silk or cashmere, with a bruid hem at the bottom ; chiton or sleeve less jacket, draped o> er figure, made also of silk or cashmere. Gold belt and arnlets, hair in two long plaits, inteiwoven with gold; cap of silk crushed into the shape of a gold nugget (b) " Wattle Blossom " would wear a long white cash mere skirt, embroidered with wattle blossom. A peplum of the same, coining from the shoulders, forming points at the side, bjrdertd with a fringe of wattle flowers and foliage ; hair done in a coil on the top of the head,: wjth jt fillet of wattle flowers, (c) "Southern Ooss ".would weir long fowingpale bluo cashmere robe bordered with stars, full low bodice drawn to the neck by a string-. large cross of paper stars on 6hirt and bodice, hair flowing, with star in the centre. " Mother."-I. White materials are abundantly em ployed for little girls' frocks, especially cambric trimmed with white embroidery. Very pretty little frock6 are made of cambric, with a lorn: casaque, a w ide-embroidered flauoce forming the skirt. Em broidered revere encircle the neck, and passing down terminate at the waist in a point. Most washing materials and woollen lace or canvas are made with the round-waisted bodices for younger girls, so that the bodice fits the figure closely, and can be worn without a sash; when, however, a sash is added it need not be tied tightly round the waifet to restrain the fulness, but can be loosely and gracefully tiei, more like a scarf. 2. Oysters Curried.-Open two dozen rysters jrithcut losing any of their liquor. Put them into ft saucepan over the fire for a minute to harden them, then beard them and put tbem aside. Dissolve taz. ot butter in a saucepan, mix smoothly w ith it a tablespoon ful of curry powder and a tablespponful of dry flour; add a minced onion,. and stir gently till the onion is tender, then add strained lemon-juioe. 1 et the sauce boll, then pot in the oysters; let them simmer for half a minute, stirring them gently all tne time, and 6erve on a hot dish, with a border of rice boiltd as for curry. " Subscriber."-Candied Pee1.-Take your peels with out Bpote, scoop out the pulp, aod tie them sepa rately in muslin. Lay tnem two days in spring water, and change the water twloe a day. Then boil tbem in the muslin ou a slow fire till tender, and, as the water wastes, put more hot water into the pan, keeping them covered. To every PDund of peel before the pulp is scooped out put 21b. ot double-refined sugar and a pint pf water. Boil the sugar and water with the Juice of the lemons to a syrup. Skim it, and whep cold put in the peel. Let tbem boiijjatf an hour'and, if not quite clear, boil tbem once a day for two or three days, when they should be quite clear. Put ioto jars aDd keep thorn for two weeks, when they should be ready to candy. Wash the syrup from the peel with warm water; boil the sugar to candy height, put in your peel, rub the sugar at the'sldes with a spoon till it candies ; take out the peels with .two forks and put them on a wire sieve to drain off; let them stand till cold, tbeq put them in boxes. " Josephine."-'" Columbine *' wean a small yrey felt hat, looped up on one side with rosea. "MaigieD."-! should suggest ycur writing to Mr. Brahe, William-street, Melbourne, the consul for Germany. " Subscriber."-L Messrs. Seymour and Chambers have them. 2. I should say the "Queen " or "La Mode." " Ivy Leaf."-1. Private theatricals, tableaux, inter spersed with music, would be a change. " Daylesford."-Washing the mouth out with a little Oondy's fluid and water, and chewine a small piece of orris root, is a remedy. " Bus."- 1. The following are some simple tableaux: -"The Fortuneteller," "The First .Cloud," "Cin derella" (fireplace eoene), "Little Nell acd Her Grandfather," "Afternoon Tea," "The Interrupted Ghost Story " (a party frightened by a donkey bray ing outside the window), "Edith&'s Burglar," "Lord Fauntleroy and HisGrandtather,"and "The Amateur Photographer." 2. The " Four Seasons" are dressed thus:-"Spring," pale tulle, with flowers aod a fringe ot grasses round the tunic, necklace ot daisies and grass; a nest with eggs, and a bird on wire hovering over it for headdress. "Summer," maize and red tulle, with a wreath and (rimming of poppies and cornflowers. .'Autumn," yeUow and brown trock, with autumn leaves and ears of oorn. " Winter." white, trimmed with fli-cks of swansdown and robins, hair powdered. The ictuses stand in the following orderClio, -£ute Thalia, Melpomene, Terpsichore, Brato, ' Poly hymnia, Calliope, and Urania. Tbey wear classic dresses, white or coloured, ot cashmere; chiton, or sleeveless jacket, draped over the 'flgure, also ot oashmere ; flowing skirts, and sandals. Clio is re presented crowned with laurels, holding «4o one hand a trump, t, and a book In the other. Euterpe is crowned with flowers, and holds a flute in her hands. Thalia leans on a column, holding a mask in her right hand and a thepherdjBJfook; her dress is slightly shorter than those "her sister*. Melpomene wears a button, and hofjU a dagger in one hand awl in the other a sqfcpfcre and crown. Terpsichore if crowned with uuret;ind holds la her hand a musical instrument. Krato 4* crowned with roses and myrtle, holding In her tight hand a lyre, and a lute in her left Poly hymnia is veiled, in .white, holding a soeptre in her left band, with Hertight ralsea hb it ready to harangue; orown of' Jewels on tier head. Calliope is represented with a trttmpet ln her right hand and books in the other, iiranla is dressed in an azure-coloured re, oroiyued with stars, and hold ing a elobe in her hand*. and waay mathematical instruments at her teet. 5 ***** " " S. a H."-L Yeast.-Put^ of bops iDto* woe t>an, jw| Ml* over them onfeWlop J# ;|M£S!l*Wv Brlnir the-fiqaor totht boll, Stirling wellior oathbur, # Strain wWgjffid , " Jew."-1 « ^ alter meals, it is brought on by- eating tooquiolfljy a great fault amongst yoLng girls. 2..Do^'ton*qr,; arcour.t tike nerve tonics. I wouli suggest jour seeking medical advice. .. New Zealand."-1. The battle cf Gettysbiirir was fou:ht between the Federals and L'ou(eder*tee in July, 1663. 2. Yes. 