FREETRADE AND FEDERA TION. ADDRESS BY MR. B. R. WISE— A NOISY MEETING. Under the auspices of the local Freetrade and Liberal Association, Mr, B. R. Wise ad dressed a public meeting in the Redfern Town- hall last night on " Freetrade and Federation. Mr. G. Cv Taylor occupied the chair. There werb several prominent local gentlemen on toe platform, including Mr. W. Stephen, M.P., and Messrs. G. Anderson and William Christie. The hall was crowded. Mr. Wise, who wns enthusiastically received, thanked the audience for its generous reception. They had reeently done him the honor of asking him to put himself in nomination ns a, candidate for the representation of tho electorate when the next contest should take place. ' He was not ashamed to say that his circnmstancas did not permit him to follow his inclinations. He appreciated very highly the hohOr which they desired to confer upon him, but his services, he thought, should gb where tho lenders of the party considered he would be most useful. It would probably be soother 12 mouths before he could take, such an active part'in politics, but be appreciated their kind ness all the more because he felt that by having asked him to comti forward as a enndidnto for the most representative constituency in the colony they had condoned his mistakes, in action in the past aud condoned his errors of judgment. Few of them could have realised six or seven mouths ago how great a move would be made toward bringing. about a union of these great colonies. If nnybody had asked them how soon that union would be consummated a time would havo been mentioned which for all tbe pnrposes of practical ' politics wonld have seemed to be near, the millennium. Bat .now . tbey appeared face to face with the practical discussion of the terms of a constitution for Federal Australia. The change had come, and the man who had wrought the change was their great leader, the leader 6f the Liberal party throughout the whole of Australasia — Sir Henry Pnrkes. (Cheers, groone and inter ruptions.) And the talismans by which Sir Henry Parkcs had wrought the change were a belief in thp spirit of nationality and faith in the Australian people. (Cheers.) The con ference which had met in Melbourne' had arrived at the very point at which Sir Henry Pnrkes had Started. And when the contention met it would l.e in the very position from whioh Sir Henry .Parkea would have begun. They had now as a tangible reality what' wis hitherto but a dream, and they had already accomplished a parta of the preliminary work. (Interruption.) He wished to discuss this sub ject in a purely Australian way, not from a freetrade or a protectionist but from du Aus tralian standpoint. (Cheere and renewed interruption.) As to the effect of federa tion on the fiscal question, they must remember fnattbe protectionists as a rale were strongest on th? borders. But they were protectionists in the first place because they desired to re taliate on Victoria and Queensland! They were retaflationists first and protectionists afterwards. In:the country distridtB they were protectionists because tbe fhrmers desired to be protected against the wheat of Victoria and New Zealand. Of the total quantity of foodstuff imported last year amounting to £k000,000, only £17,000 came from places outsiae of Australasia. . A Voice : " What about South Africa ?" Those figures were condlusive on the point. (Uproar from the back of the ball.) _It would be seen- that nearly the whole, certainly the whole with tbe exception of that very small quantity, came from the Australasian colonies. . The proportion of the foodstuffs . taking tbe whoie year round was not beyond that.' Tbe farmers were protectionists because they wanted to keep out New Zealand oats, Victorian wheat and South Australiau flour; but once having ob tained intercolonial freetrade they wduld begin to ask why tliey should be taxed to support in dustries iu which tbey could not share. Tho protectionists therefore by reason of federation would lose not 20 votes, as one of their leading men. had stated, bat the - whole of the votes in what might be termed the retaliatory electorates. At present they were endeavoring to avoid the necessity of declaring themselves far federation or against it. They were trying to devise means for working upon tbe feelings of timid ' free traders and ' were Buddenly developing an interest in maintaining commercial freedom with the whole world. ("Hear, hear" and laughter.) He naturally asked himself what at-, this meant. (Laughter.) Nowj the views of the protectionists as a body— and he did not forget that one of their most distinguished men, Mr. Barton, had declared himself iu favor of it were not favorable to federation. They knew that if they supported federationthoy at once lost the farmers' votes, and they dared not openly declare themselves against it. ("Hear, hear.") If they had a rag of shame left those persons who called themselves /fiatlonalists could not appear' in public as /enemies of Australian unity. (Cheers and in: ' ' tdrruptlons.) A large number of their members were in the habit of changing their coats— ''(" Hear, hear," and laughter)-abut this sort of . Hhing would be taking off tne whole suit and -rendering themselves politically naked. (" HSar, hear.") Therefore they were working on the - fears of the timid freetraders, hoping to throw upon the freetrade party the responsibility of risking federation. ("Hear, hear.") But the majority of the freetraders were warm and enthusiastic, advocates of federation, and the protectionists would signally fail in their attempt (" Hear, hear," ana uproar.) It was only after the mem-, bers of the convention met and had .drafted their proposal or their constitution, arftl these had been presented to the local parliaments and by tbem .presented to the people,, that this matter could come forward as a . practical political issue. If they were to have a tariff it must be one which would do justice to every part of the Australian continent. ("Hear, hear.") In Victoria the manufacturers obtained most of their' raw material from abroad. But in New South Wales and in Queensland the raw material waa below the surface. If tbey were to have an uniform tariff, it must be one which, would' compel these manufactures in Victoria to buy not from the whole world, as they could now, bnt from tho contracted limit of the .Australasian colonies. How, then, would this protection be received by even tbe manufacturer, who would be com pelled either to pay more for his faw material or to cWse his factory 1 (" Hear, hear.") Whon uhity was established they would yet be brought to the position whether they wonld abandon unity or abandon protection ? And when once they bad tasted the inestimable benefits of unity protection would be thrown overboard. (Cheers and uproar.) The present, however, was not the time to discuss the tariff question. They must wait first to see what the basis of union was to be. As a freetrader he had no fear of what the consequences would bo to freetrade. He desired to see a Federal .Par liament, complete iu all its.nttributes. (Cheers.) It would he a mere bastard arrangement if it had nothing to do with the course of trade between, these colonies and the outside world. ("Hear, hear.") And if they were to have federation, which must mean freetrade among tbe whole of the colonies, what was tbe -use of introducing protection in tbe meantime ? That protection must mean creating barriers round the borders of the other -colonies, and if they were to be pulled down again for intercolonial freetrade within a short time the Industrial conditions df the continent mtist be changed and industrial convulsion of the most disastrous kind must be produced iu the colony itself. , MV. Wise proceeded to refer 1 to tho necessity for the internal development of the western and northern districts, but his voice waa almost drowned by the senseless interruption of a number of protec tionists at the back of the hall. These peoplo kept up a runniug fire of stupid interjections and booboos. Mr. Wise said that he appeared there by invitation. If they did not wish, to bear him be was ready to stop. (Cries of "Go on," "Go ahead," and great uproar, followed by a hideous disturbance at the end of the room. Several of the audience appeared to be qnarrelling among themselvee. One excited person rushed on to the platform and attempted to speak. Others got upi threw their arms' about and shouted out at the top of their voices. What they said or what they intended to mean couldn't he understood. The Chairman appealed to the audience to grant the speaker a fair hearing. He might as well have tried to Bllence a hurricane. ' Mr. Wise started, again, but the disturbance became worse. " Now look here," said the speaker evidently becoming impatient at the persistency of these interruptions, " I can see whore this .disturbance comes 'from. It comos from men "whom I have Been at all my meetings for the last three years and from the paid people whom they bring with them." This set two or three persons at tbe back of tho hall by the ears. One man jumped on ton chair and bowled ont something which must have had. a distressing effect on his neighbors' ears. Seven or eight others jumped up trad rushed' forward, while half the crowd rose and Barged in the direction of the platform. "They can't stand listening to facts I " sang out a man ia the crowd.) . Mr. Wise appealed for a fair hearing. ."Surely you will give us the right of free speech. This reasonable remark onjy intensi fied the disturbance. One man appeared to he run out of the room, although what was actually being done with him could hardly be seen iu the tremendous commotion. The up roar was increasing, when suddenly two police men appeared at a side door. If tbe rowdios in the hall had caught Bight of two ghosts tbe effect could not have been . more electrical. The noise ceased ibstantly, and Mr. Wise proceeded. " They don't like free speech mnch but they like free gaol a gredt deal less," remarked a man to one of the reporters. What ever may have been the. reason, however, tbe silence wns strikingly sudden. Mr. Wise Wound up by a brief reference to the land tax, which was really in effect what lie said last Thursday evening at the South Sydney meeting, and with an expression of perfect confidence iu the result of the next geueral election. A voto of thanks, moved oy Mr. W. Stephen, M.P., and seconded by Alderman Andersoh, Was ' carried With a few disseatients. 