THEATRE ROYAL— -A MAN'S SHADOW. A Man's Shadow, translated from the French by Robert Buohaimn, was produced at tlie Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when the lovers of melodrama in its most sensational form enjoyed a ' treat— a Babylonish . banquet. Tlio picco is representative in its way of a class of plays which have a peculiar fascination for some minds." It is replete with horrors and startling situations. There is imported into it stage busi ness sufficient for half a dozen ordinary dramas. -The agonies are piled unmercifully. Tho audienco at times is held spoil bound liko ohildren listening to a ghost story. Scene follows scene liko a terrible phantasmagoria, producing a sense - of awe and depression which tho . conventional denouement does not dissipate immediately. The plot turns upon a case of mistaken identity, the hint for which might have been cribbed from that fine old fashioned piece, The Courier of Lyons. The first act introduces Raymond de Noirville (Mr. Flemmiiig), an advocate, who, owing to a wound received in battle, suffers from a painful disease of the heart. I Ho is engaged in endeavoring to arrange certain financial matters for his friend and former comrado in nrms, Lucien Laroque (Mr. Chas. Warner), who is pursued by a banker, M. Gerbier (Capt. De Burgh), to whom he owes 200,000 f. The strongest ties of friendship bind. Noirville to .Laroque, and the former offers to pay the amount, and though reluctant to accept it, the latter all but agrees to do so, when lie discovers in Jnlie, the wife of his friend, the infamous woman whom ho had known in the heyday of his youth and passions. Here the mystery begins. Laroque is shocked by tlie discovery and rendered almost dis tracted on finding Julie eager to renew their former intimacy. He declines to do so, and decides that rather than accept a favor even in : directly at her hands to refuse Noirviile's offer of assistance. Julie, full of the old love, writes him a compromising letter, imploring him to take tiie money which she bus ut command, and this falls into tiie possession of Luvorsan, tlie villain of tlio piece, who is well acquainted witli tlie lady's antecedents, and he decides to work upon her jenlousy in order to gratify his hatred of Laroque,. under whom he had served anil who had maimed him and ordered him to be shot for the attempted murder" of Noirville. This Luversau is known as Baroque's shadow, so alike are tiicy in appearance. Tlie second act passes at Baroque's house. His wife, Heu- riettc (Miss Maude AVilliamson) and daughter, Suzanne (Miss. Violet Ashton), are intro duced. It is tho birthday of the latter, and arrangements have been made to duly celebrate it. Baroque is late for dinner, and wliun he does arrivo lie seems strangely agitated. He deolines to give any explanation, and leaves again hurriedly, when the villain Buversan enters unperceivcd. Gerbier, tiie banker, lives in tlio house opposite, and from Ldroque's windows the ulterior of his'apartment is plainly visible. The banker calls across the intervening street, and informs Buversan, whom he mistakes for Baroque, that lie iias received 100,000 f. of the sum due. The villain at once conceives tlie idea of murdering and robbing tlie old man, and adopts measures so as to throw suspioion upon the man whose ruin he is resolved to compass. Then follows the murder, which is witnessed by Henrietta, Suzanne and their niaid, all believing that tbo crime has been committed by Baroque. The action then becomes more rapid. 'The mother instructs her daughter to maintain silence. The supposed murderer returns and finds notes for 100,000 f. witli tlio letter from Julie in his letter box, placed there by Buversan, so that when arrested the money taken from the hanker may be found in his possession. Baroque reads the letter and bnrus it, but places the notes in a cabinet. Tbo police soon enter. A variety of circumstances combine to point to tho wretched man as tho criminal, and lie is led away under arrest. In tlie next scene tlie trial takes place. Little Suzanne follows to the letter lier mother's instructions, and at last faints nmler examination. Much of tho com plexity surrounding the case might be removed if tho prisoner revealed tlie supposed source from which he obtained tlie notes, but lie main tains silence upon this point, knowing that the disclosure would kill liis friend and advocate, Noirville. Tlie fiond Luversau, in order to unnerve Noirville, conveys to him the original letter written by Julie, a copy only of which he had enclosed to Baroque. The advo cate is thus made aware of his wife's gailt and the supposed perfidy of his friend. Nevertheless lie is resolved to do his duty. The effort is too much for him, and he dies on tho iloor of the court just as he is about to disclose the name which the prisoner though pressed refuses to divulge. Baroque is con demned, to death, but lias his sentence commuted to deportation. He makes his escape, is pur sued by Luversan, but the latter is shot after confessing tlie murdor'of Gerbier, Julie turns up and admits her participation in tlie plot and tlie ourtain falls upon the rc-union of Laroque with his wife and child. In casting the picco we think n vital mistake was made, namely, in Mr. Warner doubling tlio parts of Laroque and Buversan. It was not only superfluous to do so, but served to weaken the action, and perplex for a time those unac quainted witli tlio nature of therplot. Originally it was played by two actors with a close resem blance to each other, but Mr. Beerbohm-Tree preferred to take both parts, and following his oxample, Mr. "Warner does likewise. Mr. War ner has too many peculiarities of manner, voice and .appearance to undertake successfully doubling in anoli- parts. Tlie- identity is too unmistakable. Two men may be very much alike in figuro, and oven in face, but tho voice destroys the illusion, and in this regard alone the experiment was attended with risk. As Laroquo Mr. Warner wns unexceptionable. Ho wns of courso highly melodramatic, but at the same time represented tho varying and in tense feelings of a man going through so terrible an' ordeal. In tlio first not lie represents the man of true nobility of soul overwhelmed nt the consciousness of the shame and humiliation attendant upon cominercial failure ; then follows tho shocking discovery that the cast-off mistress of his youth is the wifo of his bosom friend, tiie feeling of remorse being aggravated by the attempt of the woman, despite their altered cir cumstances, to renew their former intimacy. The refreshing change to the family circle, with all its hallowed influences and pure delight, ensues. The murder and its consequences, the reproaches of Noirville, tho awful deatli of his friend, the pain engendered by the persistency of poor little Suzanne in the witness box, tlie nervous dread of being recaptured in the last act, and the revulsion of feeling on being restored to his wife and finding iiis. innocence established, made the representation of Laroque in Mr. Warner's hands scarcely less powerful than ids Coiipeau. Ho sustained the interest throughout, and in many of the scenes displayed a capacity for business much higher than is usually associated witli the old Adelphi drama. Mr. Flemming must he congratulated upon his impersonation of-the part of Noirville, tho advo cate. He has seldom appeared to greater ad vantage on the stage. Tlio character in almost' every particular suitod him, and lie plajd it to the; life.; He carefully avoided uiuiuo accentua tion even in tlio court scene, where he is sup posed from- contending emotions to succumb. His by-play was perfection, and his make up a model. Hib pale features expressed, as it wore, his physical suffering. Even in his lighter moods, ns when lie recalls to Baroque's mind somo of . their udventures in tlio field, there is a tone of sadness like one who feels that tlie hand of tho grim sergeant, Death, may at any moment be laid upon him. It. is, however, in tho trial scene tlint he is afforded full opportunity for the display of his powers.',' The situation is unusually strong. Noirville is placed between a sense of duty and a wrong tho most harrowing to which a sensi tive and honorable nature could be subjected. He allows his friend, whose life ho is defending, to understand his feelings, but at all hazards lie resolves to adhero to the path of duty. But the effort is too much for ono so weakened by disease, and ho falls dead as ho tries to pro nounce the name the utterance of which would lead to ilia own infamy while it might serve to save bis friend. Had Sir. Flem ming never played any other part, his Noirville on Saturday night was sufficient to stnmp him as an artist worthy of a position in the front rank of his profession. The repiescntation of Suzanne by little Violet Ashton was quite phenomenal. The character is one demanding the capacity only looked for in experts of mature years. Anything more charming, and nt the same time more amazingly precocious, has seldom, if ever, been witnessed ' on the colonial stage. The' attitude, tho voice, the manner, everything that could indicate the emotions of an endearing child swayed by such distressing "surroundings as those depicted, were'represpnted witli life like fidelity. Tho scene in the court, where she adheres to her determination not to divulge her knowledge of the murder, was overpoweriiigly distressing, and indicated the possession of remarkable talonts in- one so young. The minor parts,' without exception, were croditably filled.- Miss "Watt-Tanner was accorded an enthusiastic welcome. She appeared as Julie, "a somewhat thankless part', hut one for which she- scorns' odmirably adapted. Miss Maude Williamson was not so stilted and arti ficial as usual, and Miss Clitherow deserves a word of praiso as Viotoire. The lugubrious character of the play was slightly relieved by the vagaries of ' the two soldiors, Picolet (Mr. Walton) and Tristot (Mr. Oily Dcering), and Mr. A. Phillips mado an excellent point as tho old coxcomb .accountant. Mr. Kemp was an impressive president of the court, and Mr. Harry Power was commendable for tho brevity of his address to tho jury. The setting con sisted mainly of intoriors, furnished with great elegance anil completeness. The arrangements of tho court wero excellent, but tlie scene of tlio murder involved, more than perhaps tlie limits of the stage admitted in the matter of realism. The hanging's in tlio windows of Ba roque's house intercepted the view into Gerbior's apartment, nnd it was not made very apparent that a street or court yard separated botli houses. The scenery is about the ablest piece of work Mr. John Brunton has executed in Melbourne. The piece is likely to have a very successful run. 