CHAPTER XIV. I THE ESCAPE. 1" l Bnouia line ta Know west s come over that girl! Look at her, Jacques! This is the third time she’s bounced up from the table to inn to tho winder anil staro out. And it'comeu of her fjaddia’ up to that old madhouse bo much. 1 tell yc, Jacques, that’s what ails her, and nothin'else, and a stop must be put io it.” . ... Dame Ferris delivered this rather indig nant outburst as Bhe sat at supper with her husband, on the relf-samo afternoon upon which our last chapter oloses. “Hush, dame,” responded etolid Jacques, | helping himself to another bowl of por ridgo; ‘ ‘ don’t let your tongue run away with your wits. Wliathurm can oomo of the laas walking under the trees at Mount Chateau roux ; crazy Jiain’t a eatchin’ disease, aa ever I’ve heard. Jf ’twae, my wits would ha’ been gone long ago. I’m a thinkin’.” Just then Josie draws in her onrly head, and turns to her father, with Hushed cheeks and eyes all a-glitter. ' _ “Oil, for mcrcy*.^ sake,* implores I Jess, catching hold of the girl’s arm, *• don’t leave me I” “Papa, abe says, 'l see the carnage fromNivernois Court coming dowu the lane.” “ Well, little one, ’cain’c likely it's coming here,” replies Jacques. “ We don’t have visitors from Nivernois Court.” “ Sit down and cat that bowl of porridge,” commands the dame, severely. Joeie is an obedient girl, and eh a loves this stem, sensible "dame,” so she beginB to eat her porridge with that vigor of will which is her great characteristic. Bnt the clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very soon puts an ond to the frugal evening Jacques Btarts up from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, bnt Josie hangs back, with an eager look in her eyes, and a vivid bloom on her round cheeks. It is the carriage from Nivernois Court,and amir the silken cushions sits Lord St. Aubyn himself. He leans out and looks inquiringly about, and his eyes catch sight of Josie, who has approached the window. Sho nods and makes a swift aud silent gesture. “ Now, my good friend,” Bpcaks out the marquis, assured by her gesture that ail is right, and addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished beforo him, “ cau you give me your attention for a few minutes i If you can, I think I havo some thing to suggest that may prove a benefit to us both.” “ 1 am at your eervico, sny lord," replies Jacques. “ Can’t you ask his lordship to get down, aDd walk in?” crios the dame, re provingly. “ I suppose I might. My lord, will you get down and come in?” “ No,” replies his lordship, blandly. “ You just step up here and take a seat beside me, and we’ll drive out towards Mount Cbateau roux, and you shall hear what I have to say on the way.” Jacques leaps up, and is soon seated upon the silken cushions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand carriage, with its blooded bays, rolls slowly away. The dame shades her eyes with her hand and looks curiously after it. “ Now what doe3 his lordship want, I’d like to know ?’’ she mutters. “And ten to one Jacques won’t let a word out when he comes homo, he is so dose-mouthed.” Joeie watches the handsome equipage, too, and when it disappears, vudh into the house, with a Unshed face, aud begins to gather up the eupper dishes in an eager aud exaited manner, that confirms the dams in her idea that '‘crazy” is a catching malady. Meantime the Nivernois carriage nears the great iron gates of the madhouse, aud Lsrd St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur rets with a Btrauge thrill, half horror, half blissful expectation, at his heart. Can it be true that the little girl that he loved, as he shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place ? It must be all a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done such a heartlesB deed. Bui he muEt go on—he must see the end or it. Ho turns to the wondering peasant at his “Now, my man, to come to the point at once, would you like to chaDgo your occupa tion ?” “Yes, my lord, for better pay,” replies Jacques, unhesitatingly. \ His lordship nods approvingly, j “ Well, I want a head groom at Nivernois 1 Court. You understand about horree? Very j well, whatever your pay is, I’ll double it. | Will that do?” j Jacques looks up, amazed. I “ My lord, you are very kind—" “ No,” interrupts St. Aubyn, “ I want yon to do mo a favor, aud this is one of my in ducements. Here is another^" He takes from his pocket a green silk I purse, filled to thn clasp) with glittering gold, aDd puts it in the keeper’s bands. '• Now,” he says, before the man has had time to speak, “ I’ll name my favor, my good fellow. 1’vo a fri'.nd up there”— pointing towards tho dark turrets of the madhouse—“ a dear friend. She’s a deli cate, tender girl”—his voice shaking—“and she was pledged to bo my wife. They told mo she died, ond for two years I’ve mourned for her. To-day I find she’s in there—not mad, mind you, but a prisoner, bnried He stops and wipes the great drops from his asben brow, while Jacque3 stares at him in wonder. “Now,” oontinues St. AubyD, “I might demand her—forco them to give her up to me; but that takes time, you see, and would cause trouble and delay. All this I most avoid, and I must havo her out this night.. Will you help me ?” ' ' “What can-I do?” inquires Jacques,'help lessly. . “ Let tha gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shat your eyes and ears to all you seo and hear. The rest will be managed by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a marriage-portion for your pretty, black-eyed daughter. You’ll do it—a deed of mercy?" JacqueB muses a moment, his eyes on the plethoric purse, his brain busy with Josie’s future; then he looks up, and answers stoutly: “ Yes, my lord, I’ll do it.” “ Spoken like a man 1 And when do you come to live at Nivernois Court 1" " The first of the month, my lord.” “ Very well. Drive me baok, now, Ed* wards.” The carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jacques gets out at his own door. _ “ For mercy’s sake, husband, what did hiH lordship want ?” crieB the dame tho instant he enters the honse. “Nothing," reBpondB Jacques, quietly, « only we’re going to Nivernois Court the first of the month.” “To live?” exoitedly shrioks the amazed woman. Jacques only nods; but Josie oan read his face like a book, and ehe sees that all is right. A great, hoarse bell, in one of the grim turrets of Mount'Chateauroux, tolls for mid night. Silence as of the grave reigns within and around the queer old plaoe, A solitary Beniinel pacoo up aua town the long corridor that faceo the endless lino of cells, but the doorB art all bo strongly and bo securely locked, and the inmateB have been so ad mirably trained under the rula of Dr. Lenoir, j that no outbreak or attempt to escape is an- 1 ticipatcd, and it is no unuEual thing for tbo j guard of the hour to slumber at his post, j leaning against one of the huge stone piflare, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end of the corridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair, with bis feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipo in his mouth— dozes and puffs away again at intervals, taking all the comfort to himself that bis situation affords. Gis trained ear aan catch the faintest sound, and on an instant’s warning ho would be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who should bo foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. In her cell down below, on her knees, in the dead, hot dirkness, with the little Bhining key clasped in her thin white bands, poor Bess waits and watches. She has heard tbs bell toll for midnight, and, libeadovout nun counting her beads, slie kneels there trying to count the laggard moments ss they paes. In an hour’s time, Q3 nearly as eho can tell, she must make the attempt. She knows too well, if she should fail, no other ohancewill everoome to her ; and sho lifts her wan face in the dark ness, and asks God to help her, as a helpless little child might ask an earthly father. Ob, to breathe the free, puro air once morej-to be away from all these poor, witless faces ; to get out into the world, and make her way back to tho old cantonment, andilo Bedmond Carew ! That is her dream, as ehe kneels (hero; that has been ber dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all tho yearning of ber imprisoned heart go out tov/urda the old, faithful love of her girlhood. She soareely ever thinks of tho man who held her later promise to become his wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to her with ail that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm House, and she has no wish to reclaim him, her old life and her earliest lovo fill her soul so completely. She rises to her feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble she inserts the key in the look. It fits; she turns it with a elow, noise leEB motion, and her prison door is open. Dor one short instant Bhc etaads gasping for breath, a dull, roaring Bound in her ears, a tremor in her limbs. But the remembers Josie and Josio’s warning, and her strength returns to her as suddenly us it went. She takes the key from the lock, slips out, and closing the cell door, she locks it from tho outside, removes the key, and hides it in her boEom. Then sbe starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wind. A dim light glimmers at the far end, revealing the double line of cells, and tho guaid dozing and smoking in the old chair. She- flits along likes shadow, end has al most reached the far end, ber heart throb bing violently assheneurs (he guard, when all at once the flap over oue of the oell win dows flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out,the face of amaniaa woman. Her blood shot eyes glare out into the semi gloom, and light on Bcegue she lies along, and then a wild shriek rings out upon tho silence. “ There she goes I Catch her—catch her I There goes the pale-faced ghost S" The guard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers, roused by the unusual outcry, start up in different directions and hurry to the spot; and poor Bess, moro dead than alive, totters on till che reaches tho old chair, and then, with the instinct ol a wild creatura brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. 