SAY-WELL OF PRATING ROW. Say-Well, of Prating Row, as we know from Bunyon's allegory, was the father of Talkative. Though a very aped man, he is still alive, and gives promise of not yielding np the ghost for many a long day to come. Say-well always has a good word^or a man to his face, and an evil one behind his back. He smiles so broadly that he shows every one of the few teeth m his withered gums when he meets you on the street, but is you glance back over your shoulder, you are quite likelv to see him shaking his fist at you alter you have He will take you by both hands, and would kiss you on both cheeks if you allowed such familiarity, and at the same time he will worn a secret out of you to use with deadly effect one of these days. He will tell you that you are the best loved friend he ever had, and at the same time will try to cheat you out of hard- earned savings on the basis of his friendship for you. He is the father not only of Talkative, but of Palaver, Flattery, and Adulation, and the grandfather of the twins Braggart and Boaster. He is a dangerous old man still, in spite of nis senility, and though apparently in his dotage. It is best to give him a wide berth; but if one must converse with him, remember his true character, and be not deceived, for Christian's description of his son Talkative is doubly true of the old men:' He talketh of prayers, of repentance, of faith and the new birth, but he knows but only to talk of them. I have been in his family, and have observed him both at home and abroad, and I know what I say of him is the truth. HiB house is empty of religion. There is neither prayer nor sign of repentance for sin. . . Thus say the common people that know him,' A saint abroad and a devil at home.' His poor family finds it so. He is such a churl, such a railer at and so unreasonable with his servants that they neither know bow to do for or speak to Mm. . . . For my part, I am of opinion that he has by his wicked life caused many to stumble and fall, and will be, if God prevents not, the ruin of many men.' No wonder that Faithful, when he heard (hie from his companion, replied, 'I see that saying and doing are two things, and hereafter I shall better observe this distinction.' 