A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas One morning Arthur Hey wood received a strange letter It was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Hey wood. " Come at onoe,"it said. "I am going to die, and I want to leave you my property. It seems right to see you first." Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, who lived 4>y herself in a handsome country, residence. She had inherited it from her mother, while the boys-her brothers- were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father had been the eldest, and! all he had. ever said of hia sister Maud was that some .fHing she had done in early youth had made them "mi -aneryv «wi .. tho,t thoy jaevnr _Bc.w. each other, and; for his part, he never deBired to do so. , 1 And now, when Arthur Hey wood was quite alone in the world, this aunt had written to. him. He expected to find a witch-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, whfin a strange, old, black servant-woman . had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely lookedjold at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. " You are a Heywood," she said. " You resemble your father, but are not bo stern. Selim was stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a hard life of it, unless he was kinder to. her than to his sister. " There, don't speak. I shall Bay nothing but what I feel. This eBtate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not'very ill, but it will be as I say. " Don't express regret. You care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy. I have made my will in your favoii Stay until the last." With these .frorda she closed Arthur's mouth. Then sho rang the bell and ordered supper, and. afterwards dismissed her thirty year-old uephew to his room, at nine o'clook, as though1 he had been a sohool-boy. It was a large room at the end of a long passage, very Handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, and despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-piece j he lit it before ho retired. The excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might be taken ill in the night; but he was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. "It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," he Baid. " I shall sleep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghoBt Beer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was-tied a white apron.. - .She peemed -to be a nurse or-a ser vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im- : pression that his aunt was ill.' ' " Have you come to call me?" he asked. The woman came a little nearer. " Ye"s," replied a voice, which made his blood run cold ; " that woman is dying." ' My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. .< Your aunt," replied the figure. " If somo one doesn't set to work at once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung." " This is a lunatic," thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances,-but the woman was gone. He went to the door. It was fastened as ho had-left it on.retiring. The windows were bolted down; There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no one was hidden thore, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to sleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on Uim. . However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hung, and declared that if it ware not done it would soon be too 'late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a drearu, even had sho been in strong health. There was no one else to speal: to. But the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary ho was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreomfli * A6 last, however, ho waa awakened not by a ghost, but by a tap on his door. Hisaunt waB dying-a servant had come for.him. When he reached her room .ahe'.was.; in sensible. She never spoke to him again* He could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to-him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her- memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for .Miss Hey wood had entertained no one, : and, visited no one in the neighborhood and in duef course ot time the will was read.:'. It left everything to Arthur Hey wood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Hey wood,' .and with but one proviso: The garret should' remain aa it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar-never to be opened on any pretext whatever. I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to- this, he cannot inhorit. I shaU leave ? a codicil to be read, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of; the house." . "' ? " v. But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing, to this whim of his .dead aunt,, wh6, doubt less, had consigned to -the . garret" some treasures of her youth- which, she did not wisli to destroy; And he took posseeaion,of the estate, and soon-married and brought hotrfe a wife. V ' . .. : Years brought, them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs, Heywood made this remark, her hus band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." .' Who will ever know ?" she would urge. "Whocares?" , : '' A codicil which I have never seen re mains," Arthur would reply. " Who knows what might happen?" And so his E'atima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber. . - The mystery was greater, however, to the children ; and when the eldest boy was ten yeara old it had occurred to him that no thing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be hidden, all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickera had left near the house, he gained the sloping' roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in; but at the moment the ladder slipped. He remained on the window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit- pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the child re main where be was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and. smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what 1 Toapproach, to gaze, and to rush wildly from the room was the .work oI a moment. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. " Arthur Hey wood was absent from homo at the time. When he returned he found the l-'ng-BBuled garret door opened, heard hia wife's sLory, amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, .transfixed with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the . bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had the straight \- btack hair of the woman who had appeared to him thrice in. a. vision, demanding the jexccutianof his avirit, Maud Heywpod, been a public one,<and so muBt the explana-. tion be. Arthur sent for the "?proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been onveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these words :. " This paper will only be opened if . the garret is opened "lso. In that case my secret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She wae well-known in the neighborhood, and bat for letters which I wrote myself and ex hibited to curious folk, the truth might have been Buspected at the time. "Jane came to live with mo as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w«s betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Eiipert hated him. He placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as a spy. She inurceptcd ietters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken ofi and my life embittered. My lover. left me with soora,. believing a false tale, and mturied another. One day I disco.ered Jane Jar velle's treachery. I went in senrch of her, I found her in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I mardered her. I stabbed her to tue heart. She lived only long enough ' to shriek: ' ,1 " *1 will haunt the house until you are hung for this I' i .' She has done it. I have seen her, . But I shall not be hung. The secret is all piy own, I locked the garret, dismissed my J servants in a body, and gathered new ones , about me. I told people that Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie, " My brother, Kupert, cross-questionqd me, and made great search for. Jane Jarvelle j the others were never good to me. Ours was an unkindly race ; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. » Driven by desperation to anawful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on the gallows,and assured of future punishment, what has my life been 1 Again I say-pity me, and pray for me." 