-sib fn:;l)h PERMANENCE GI!1 TH!E';; CHRISTIAN MINISTRY. J 'The Jxev. (Janon BardsJey in his lecture On'ftbeCbristian: Ministry, writes thus:— WH'e'n'- St. Paul is asking this pregnant and pertinent question a,bout the 'heathen, Be1 say'Pi1''; How then shall they call on nimJonjwhom they have not believed ? and" "how '.-shall they believe in Him of wh'om they1 have not hard? and how shall hpar without a preacher ? and how Bha|th'e|y preaqh, qxcept they be sent ? ' Snf as ambassadors, sent with authority. ThbJ'same apostle, referring . to the same subjected the 5th chapter. of the second Epistlbj to Jthe! Corinthians, says, 'He hath given unto us the ministry of recon- 1 ciliation.' ' Now then we are ambassrdors for Christ, as. thongh God did beseech you by us w'eayrou in Christie stead, b,e ye 'rencUbiff God.' He- whorfe the TheBsaiomahs'to 'know thetn that labour attohgat-theihand are oacrtheihih the Lord.' He exhorts the Hebrews to remember them which have the rule over you, a'ind. have: spokep to you- the; Word of God.' He further exhorts them . - to obey them that have to.ru)e over, them.' All. these expressions are pregnant, and speak of a reality. All we would, how ever; deduce/from themisthis: /while there-are' persons publishing exaggerated and erroneous i views of the - Christian ministry,' let us at the same time take care that- we do not on the ' other hand under-rateit. This 1 is > moBt important: Clergymen and laymen are members of the same body ; and there should 1 be mutual sympathy and mutual co-opera tion; we would therefore say. in the spirit of Moses, ' Would'! that all, the Lord's people were prophet# ! ' The Christian ministry is an-' ordinance of Christ, and we should so regard it. If we violate ; a physical law, our physical' strength will be impaired, and probably our physical existence imperilled so if we overlook," -' or subvert this ordinance of- Christ, the result ! will be : that we Shall create anarchy in His ' kingdom, ' and defeat the peaceful triumphs of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. Now as to the duties of the Christian ministry, 1 they might be expressed in a single sentence from the Ordination Service :: ' Be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of- God and of His Holy Sacraments.' ' Take thou authority to preach the Word of God and to minister the Holy Sacraments in the congregation where thou; shalt be lawfully appointed1 thereto.' -With respect to the adminis tration of Baptism, for example, we take it as ordinarily belonging to the minister, because the command was, ' Go, teach all nations and baptize them.' But he must be a bold man, and connot have read the New Testament with great care, if he says that Baptism' by- a layman is invalid; It is irregular, but not invalid. It is the water and the Weird which constitute the sacrament. \ Then, again, with respect ; to; "the' administration of the Lord's Supper, but' as a matter of order we take it that it- was their duty to do so. But now as1 to: , another duty,— the administration of the word,' and- ' the dispensation of the' word' ; in the Ordination Service, what' of this ?' Why it is the highest function of the Christian minister to preach the Gospel. 'We preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumbling-block, and unto the Greeks foolishness.' ' We preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus ' sake.' 'Whom we preach, warning every man, and 'teaching every man, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus.' The great feature of the apostolic ministry was that they went everywhere preaching and teaching Jesus Christ-; and it is observable that when- the Holy Ghost speaks of teaching Jesus, we find such ex- preB sions as this, ' Many people were turned to the Lord.' We are more and more convinced that it is the lifting up of Jesus in the public ministry of the Church that is to captivate the affections of men. Nothing else will do it. Wherever the name of Jesus is magnified we find sinners converted, and added to the Lord; St. .Paul, in the ninth chapter of the First Epistle to the . Corinthians, whilst he in sists upon a : maintenance for ministers, at the same time distinctly declares that that very maintenance is' for — what? Why, for the preaching of the Gospel : for as ' they which wait at .the altar are partakers with1 the altar, even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the Gospel Bhould live .of the Gospel;' And then according to, the words before quoted, when St. Paul is referring to those ministers whom we ought to have ; in" . affectionate remembrance because they have passed away, he says, ' Remember them which have the rule over you, who have Bpoken unto you the word of God.' That this, is the great feature of the Christian ministry may be proved from various considera tions. We are not going to refer to our Lord's positive command,' to.' preaqh the Gospel to every: creature ;' but to the parable of the sower as most suggestive and. pertinent to the subject. The promi nent feature of this parable is, that, it is enacted every day— especially every. Sab-: bath-day, ' Behold (saith our Lord) a sower went forth to sow.' We need not say that the sower is a minister of Christ. We do not say that others may not be sowers, but the Christian minister is em- phatically so. ' The seed is the word ;' and as the sower scattered his seeds on the shores of the Galilean sea, so - the spiritual sower scatters the incorruptible seed of the word, that it may germinate in thC.hearts of the people.. But;- while" ;t.his ishischief work, 'whatisthe; great- work 'of? the wicked one ? ; What is thei - wdrk Of Satani? -.Whoever else iti absent, from church, the devil never is. Hei is always there, — always. What is he seek ing -to do? i What is--;his great, work? It is, when the minister is scattering the seed, to take it from the heartB of the people,' lest they should believe and be saved. People may practise attitudes at church, and perform > ceremonies, ; but the devil will not' give' himself any trouble about -such things as these. And the reason is this, because although you may practise attitudes in: the: most graceful manner,: they do not change the heart, they do not- mould the conduct,: there fore, (he is utterly unconcerned about them.!- What : he wants to prevent (is men's minds coming in contact with God's word.- It was one- of the remarks of Isaac Taylor, that the great peculiarity of Whitfield's 'preaching was to put man in contact with God. i -Our preaching should be just of the same kind; The great object of our ministry should be to "put men in contact, with, God's word. -The command- is ' Preach- the- word;' It is not preach - about it; . It is : ' preach: the word;' ; It is : not ' to put something upon - it, but' to draw something' out of it. This should be . the great aim' and end of preaching. >-« ' If there should be any one who says' that this ! is - a low view, of the Christian- ministry, he cannot say so without reflect ing on thai Holy Ghost. If any one says, that this is a low view -of the Chris tian > ministry, he is reflecting on : the' Church ' of England, because if we go to the Ordination Service, we shall find that when the ! bishop' addresses the pres;: byters in themost solemn moment of his life, and on the most solemn subject, he says, ' We exhort you, in the name of our Lord .Jesus Christ, that you have in re membrance; unto how high a dignity, and to how 'weighty, an office and charge, ye are' called ; that is to say, to be messen gers, watchmen; and ! stewards of the Lord; to? teach, and to premonish, to' feed add provide' for the Lord's family.; to. seek for Christ's sheep that are dis persed abroad, and for His children who are in the midst of this naughty world,: that they may be saved through Christ for ever.' ' ' ' ' See ; also that you never cease your labour, iyottr care, and diligence,' until you i have . done all that lietn in you', according fo your bouhdeni duty, to bring all ' such as are, or shall? be, committed to > your ' charge, unto (that) agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness' of age in Christ, that there be no: 'place; left among you, either! -for- error in" religion, or for viciousnesB in life.' We will now show what the Christian Ministry is not. In : the first place, -the Christian ministry is not a saorificial priesthood. When the Holy Ghost is setting forth the dignity of Christian ministers by describing their duties, they are spoken of by various figures1. Eor their 'tenderness, they are called Bhepherds'; for their vigilance, they are called watchmen ; for their patience, they are called fishermen ; for their diligence; they are called labourers; for their faith fulness, they are called stewards ; and for their dignity, they are called ambassadors. But they are never; in one single instance called priests. The Greek word hiereus is never used. It is never applied to a' New Testament1 pastor. Why, then, is the word not used? Because it is not wanted; because the New. Testament pastor has very different duties to perform than, to be offering up propitiatory sacrifices. This is very sug gestive. St. Paul -in a -single . passage puts the priests under the law,, and the pastor under the Gospel, in juxtaposition, and says, ' Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the. things. of the temple; and they. which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar. Even so hath the Lord ordained that '.they who preach the Gospel-should live upon the Gospel.' St. Paul 'tells us that the priest who 'waited on the altar' had a claim to live off the altar. He was entitled to a maintenance because he waited on the altar. So the Lord hath ordained that the New Testament pastor Bhould have a maintenance for the work that He has given him to do, and that. is, to ' preach the Gospel.' Certain tadpoles in divinity would refer to these two words — 'Do this' — — ' Do this in remembrance of Me.' What is he to do ? Did our Lord by these two wprds make His Apostles priests? If so, they are miraculous and magic, words, and would, always be used everywhere without, variation. But it is not so, if we. go to St. Matthew's Gospel, we read thus : Jesus said, ' Take, eat ; this is My body.' Besides when our: Lord said, ' Do this,' He .added, ?In remembrance of Me — that ip.pas ajtnemorial,' ifpTremembrance of My death. Mf is the: comment of an inspired Apostle, ' Asoffen as ye eat thiB bread and drink' this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till He come.' It -is hot.-as the passage is sometimes per verted,--': present the Lord's death before God,' but ye preach .and proclaim.Christ's death to. the world ;;' until He ' comes again.' It is very remarkable that the Passover had been ., finished-rand the sacrificial feast had been, completed, .before those words were used at ; all. .Our Lord, after that, 'took bread and -brake it.' Who: 1 was it who 'celebrated;'. to use the-pommon word? It . was the Lord Jesus Christ. Who were the recipients? The Apostles. Then the ApostleB were simply receiving the sacrament, and ; if they were "made priests by it,' of course .everybody else to whom vwe give the sacrament must be priests, in the same way. Indeed; "they are all priests, if anointed' by- the -Holy; Ghost to ' offer up spiritual- sacrifices.' When a priest under the law was ap pointed to bis office, what minute and multitudinous directions ' were given ! And as the Apostles - were not >of the order of Aaron, would not it be necessary to instruct them exactly : the 'same way ? Shall we say that minujte and multitudin ous directions would be given when the1 ' priest was-, inducted into his , office, when he had to offer up animal oblations, - and that no ; instructions, were; to . (be; given to the Apostles when they, had: to: offer up a sacrifice for the sins of the: quick and the dead. When -the Apostles- went forth, they could not think that they were made: priests, as they had not re ceived an intimation about it in :the; remotest degree ; and it is clear from all their proceedings . and preachings that1 they acted under this very impression. . If we read their discourses and addresses at Jerusalem, and Antioch in Syria, at Miletus and Ephesus, io Asia Minor ; at Corinth and Thessalonica, in Europe: we shall notfiad one word, "orone -bint;- that they were priests, i 'It is, therefore, obvious that if they were .priests;: /they did not know it; or, which, is the only- other alternative, if they did know/it; then they merged their office, a'nd were' traitors to their principles. V ;r . We must nht. leave this part/of thej" subject without referring to,. one';tjext,"spj constantly misused, , ' W"e; bayft aq altarJi Now, if anything could show the- des-'-i perate straits to which sacerdotalists-are- driven, it is to quotei this text for any such purpose. When they say. that the ' altar ' there is the Lord's Table;; they not only begin by bogging the whole question, hut they do it uuder. the most- improbable circumstances. From the commencement to the close of that' Epistle to the Hebrews, the Lord's Siipjjer is: never once referred to. More over, whenever the Apostle elsewhere refers to the Lord's Supper, ho calls it the. Lord's table. Why should he. call it by a different name, if he be referring to the same, Institution ? ' But he never mentions it directly or indirectly through out the whole of that Epistle. The truth is this; The Epistle to the Hebrews is the' best ' commentary on the Book of Leviticus. The Apostle is expounding Levitical institutions, . speaking about sacrifices the priests, and the altar: There was a sacrifice under the law typical of ano.ther sacrifice. Where is that sacrifice ? In heaven. There was a priest under the law. Where is that priest now ? In heaven. 'There wais an altar under the law. Where iB it now ?- In heaven. Jesus is the sacrifice, the priest; and the altar. The context shows clearly who is meant by the altar,, for. St. Paul says, ' By Sim, therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praiise to God con- tinually, that is the fruit of our lips giv ing thanks to His name.' The fact thafi our sacerdotal friends .press such a1 text into their service; shows the miserable shifts to which they are driven to! support their theory. , ; „ .r) 'ri " ' 