THE t UF] rl G.B D U8 n . TiiE HAUNliTED HUSBND ; OR, Lady Cletwyntd's Spectre. BlY M?R. MIARuIET LEWIS. CIIAPTER XIIr.-(CoTrnzEDn.) i3t nonr the door of the bath-room opened sulldenly, and a slender, white rue,:i lrit:e stole swiftly into the hall, as if pursoed, and glided like a beam of light alone the hall to the rear intersecting corridor. it was Zarnrice! Mlonk flew after li-r in his list slippers no silently as she. She ran fleetly down the long hall ard turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind her. They had scarcely passed beyond the great ball when Lord Chetrynd opened the door of the bath-room, and came out in will pursuit. ButBernice and Monk were both beyond the range of his vision. Tire seeming spectre was flying along the dim cornidor towsard an unused portion of the extrnsive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from which a flight of stairs ascended, and went up tire stairs with still rapidity. Monk came swiftly a little way behind her, She must hare been conseolus of the pursuit, but still she did not cast a backward look over her shoulder. Up one flight, then another, and Bernice had gained a region of unused attics in the more ancient portion of the dwelling. She ran across a dim passage into a little, bare and empty room, lit up by the moon light that, streamned in at the dormer win dows. She had run into a trap, and seemed to realise the fact, for sire ran about the room wildly, and then retreated to a farther corner, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering her face with her hands. Monk entered the room, and closed the door. !ernice, in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. 1Monk pushed the bolt home in its socket, and approached her. " Bernice 1" hie said, softly. The girl etarted, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. " Gilbert I" she ejaculated. " I-I thought it was iroy." "No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Crowl that you had strangely disappeared from Mawr Castle, and I knew you would come here. I arrived myself only to-nighlt." .•With It, ? i Oi, holw he is changed. Gilbert! My poor darling! HIow grave and strmn ire iras grown ! And how his soul leaped out at ite from his eyes I Ie is looking for me now. Hark I Is he coming this way?" "No, Bernice. Thesn rooms have not been used in years. lIe will not find you." " I must go to him," cried the girl, in her sweet, impetuous voice. "Now-rnow this minute i I knew you were at the Park, and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there. Itelease me from my oath. I must go to my husband." "Bernice, listen to me. Ibhare something to say to you first-" "Not a word. Why, he's looking for me now. le thinks me a ghost. Release me from my oath. I mtoi go to him. Is re cal!inel Let me go, Gilbert. In God's name, let me go to my husband I" "Not yet, Bernice-not until you listen to what I have to say," said Monk, firmly. "Chetwsynd thinks you a spectre, as you say. He will go back to his room presently. Tnere's time enough; but you must listen to me." "Then speak quickly. How can I wait 1 lHe thinks me dedli--he wants me-" " How do you know that he wants you 1" asked ?Bonk, in criep, hard tones. lBernice scarcely seemed to understand. Mlonk repleated the question. "IHow do I knowr Why, because I want him. Or, Ilove him sol I must gotohim. Iteleare rme front my oath, Gilbert-" "" hear rme first. Btrnice, I have thiought you the bravest, the noblest, the nlost gener ous of womn, bhot you are selfish like the rest. You are not capable of self-sacri free." " \Vhat seif-seariitee " asked the girl, in a eharp whsiser. "Are you retpable of a sublime self-abne gation!"' dem!uai:ied Moak, his black eyenall I aflame. "Can you immolate Self on the ltar of your hIsband's hailpiness I harve thoueiht that there was in you the stuff of which n:ar.rtrs are madec; but, all I you are I like all the rest, regardful only of your own petty loe. And yet these have beer women what have sacrificed themselves for their husbands-" "Gilbert, whlt do you mean I" cried Beruice, her voice ringing sharply on the air. "What was your last asetbefore falling into the trance in which you were consigned to your tomb?" asked honsk, in a stern voice. lerlice seemed about to answer, but passed,dienthily white. You remember 1 Your lnst act was to clasp the hands of Chetywvnd and Sylvia Monk together- And whlat was your last woids?" No answer came from the girl's white BIps. She began to understand his drift. "Your last words were to beg Chetwynd, after a suitably steson of mourninge for you, to marry Sylvia Monk," declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice. "'Was it not so ?" Bernice looked at him dumbly, a world of gathering woe in her great vivid eyes of gloom. "You do not contradict me. Your last agtt before your seeming death was to refnite those two who had been so terribly parted.' And they were glad you gave them hack to ach other. After consigring you to the burial vault, Chetwvnd returned home and hal a private interview with Sylvia. In that interview all was made straight be tween them. Chetwsnd thought it best to epend the year of his mourning abroad, and e went. He would not expose his future Wifetomalicious comment. lie returned to nay. This very evening Chctwvnd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. four day is past-it is another's now I Your place is filled. You are not wanted here. rhe revelation that you live will only bring ismay and honor. -Bernice, from my soul I pity you I Myheart bleeds for you I" The girl drooped silently on her knees in lhe wide stream of moonlight, and bowed ser head low on her breast. "There have been women," said Monk, ofter a long silence, "so self-abnegating that upon such a return to life they would io away in silence, without revealing the lasting sucret of their continued life. Are :here such women now?" There was a long and terrible pause. Lionk waited in breathless suspense for her response, but he had long to wait. At last !er low and broken voice cut sharply through he stillness, with the words : " but I nm his wife, you know. We said, until death do us part ' and I'm not dead, Silbert. His second marriage, while I live, would be illegal." "SNot so. Death annuls all ties. You teemed to die, and were buried. You are uopposed to be dead-you are dead, in the eyes of the law," said the villain, with an sir of reluctant sincerity. "If yous were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Chetwynd's wife. I repeat, lhat in the eyes of the law you are dead, Chetwynd's second marriage would be legal andI valid." The girl, brought up in a far island of the sca, knowing nothing about law, profoandly ignr.orant upon many points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon aolt faith in the man vio had rescued her from the tomb, believed him I "I wiCl go away," she said, in a voice so strange tIat Monk hardlly recognised it. ' Iam Aiad in the eyes of the law. It will be no crime for tlem to marry. I heard him call her his 'promised wife ;' I saw him ises her. They shall be happy. I love him so well that I will die even for his sake I" "And you will go back to Mawr Castle?" The girl nodded dumbly. "I'll find Flack. lie shall bireacarriage, and drive you to some station beyond East ourne. It would not be well for you to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to the castle. You have done abrave, grand, and noble thing in giv. tng up Boy, Bernice. I admire you for :our sublime self-sacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother. will watch over you, and try to make you hapnIpy. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to find Flack and send him for the car. ringe. I will return and see you safely out and on your way with him." Bernice again nodded assent, and he went out, leaving her alone in the barea, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. He made his way down to the edge of the park. and readily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of thle trees. Monk communicated the fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chet wynd-by-Sea for the required carriage. Taving seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stole back again into the house. All was still now in rooms and corridors. He crept along the dim passages. and ascended tbe stairs to the attics. He entered the little room in which lhe I;ad left Bernice. She was not there 1 lie stood as if trans ixed. What had happened ? IInd she been dis. covered ? Iad she repented her self-sacri fce e Ilis wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of the moon light. MHe bounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Iernice's note.-book, and there was writing on it. lie struck a fusee, and read the irregularly scrawled w,rds. They had been written by Bernice, and were as follows: " GItenRt: I have given him up. I shall respect my oath not to reveal my identity; mt I cannot leave him yet. One morelook at his dear face-to hear his voice again to sae him sleeping--surely I may he per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me. I may go back to Mawer Castle in time-not now. Mysonly thought now is that irhe is hereand I must be near him, myself unseen." Tihat was all. Monk sought for her tsrough all the hours of that night. He listened at Cihetwyond's door ; he was in an gtony of unrest san forebLding, for his search was in vain. lie did not find hebr CEAPTER XIV. A REALITY UNsDER IsIE SEEMINeG. Upon the morning after the double ap pearance of the "speetre" of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfast table ;at the usual hour. every member bearing evidence, inheavyeyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless and anxions night. The young marquis had bten so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night ms to have quite for gotten his second betrothal to Miss Monk. Iut Sylvia, as may hbe supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft reliance upon hirm, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd the fact that she was his betrothed wife. Hits face, however, did not brighten at the remembrance, and the haggard look in his blue eyes even deepened. Hie was strargely silent througholt the meal, although Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Cbetwynd's arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. " Ohl, Roy," she said, "how happy I am I Tour wife, and mistress of Cletwvrynd Park I Life hoids no joys that can complare withl these. And, Roy, don't thilnk me unmaid cnly if Ispeak to you reardeing our hbetro ithal. As the p:ior dependent, asy life is a burden to me. I think it would be but fair and jrust to ma that our engagement shonuld be proclaimed at once. My pIosition will tien be made el?ear, aol I lshall not feel com pelled te seek other shelter." Cbetevynde winced a littcle. He would have preferredi not to arnnource his engage. ment of mnarriage so soon after Iris retorn hiome, beht hIe recluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. "l knew you would think as I do," said Sylvin, in a tone of satisfaction. 'i pre sumed upon your consent to my wishes, and have already communicated the fact of our engasgemenut to Mrs. Skewer and to tagee. Isiall write a note to Lady Welby today, informing her also, and Else will spread the news thlrouglhout Seussex. Lady \Welby will come to see meat once. And, Roy, when she asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her l" Chetwyndstarted, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. "I do not know-I had not thought," he said. " I leave the date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be agreeable to me." ' Then let me say this day two months," said Miss MIonk, vivaciously, "It is now March. We will be married in MIay, in the season of early flowers and good weather. We will have a grand breakfast here at the Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a ball, to celebrate our marriage. And we .ill then go to the Continentfor.the summer dividi'ng our.-limo shetwuen'?a'ln-Baddfl,' \- ? ?. ? will do you credit, Roy. I shall be gay and charming, and os sumptuously dressed as Eugenie in the height of her glory. Alh, that reminds me," and she clasped her jewelled hands more tightly on the Marquis's arm, and regarded him with an affectation, of shyness and embarrassment, "' I would tike to assume my new rank and position with suitable naraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word "' and she forced a Iaugh. "I am already apensionerupon your bounty, Roy-" "Not so, Sylvia. Do not use an expression like that. You have been a dear sister to me, and have occupied an honored position in my household. You have been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you have a suitable trousseau," and be sighed heavily. "I will give you a blank cheque to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de. light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. He re turned the caress in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another time would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. " Everything is going on splendidly, Ra gee," she said, entering her dressing- room with a wild waltz. "Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcement of onrengage ment; and I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. He cannot retreat now. I am sure to be Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out my lists for orders and shop ping. We have time enough to study the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk sat down at her desk and '-rote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent Iousrscau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, shawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailiff had not been informed of the new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which.soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert MIonk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner. The intervening hours were actually spent by him in an ex. amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in the hope of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense of disappointment, half convinced that lie had been indeed the vie tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with his eyes fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying that the "illusion" might be repeated. He prayed in vain. The fire burned low on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. Be had been slumbering more than an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through the hushed room, and the light burned low, and the embers were eying on the hearth, when the dor of the dressing room softly opened, and the " spectre" stole into the room. No instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his hearts airred not as she stole through the dimness-like a ghost, indeed-to his side, and bent above him in an agony of loveand tenderoess. Her kisses fell like snow-flakes softly on his hair, his face, his hands, and he felt them not. He had been much awakeon the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. "My darling I 0, my darling I" was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. "The new love will never worship you as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer missed- It is hard to see one's place filled to know that another's caresss are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God I why did I not die 1" She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young husband, And he who loved her better than his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath re strained her. A little while she lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in herdressing- room in an attitude of flight, harkening intently, and warming herself. There was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed how little his lordship had eaten at table since his return hems. The little attention to the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort tble. But she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be tlaken for a spectre. The cloak was not warm enough to protect her from the rtil1 of the damp of the uinused rooms which she made hlerhaunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in lwhich site had kept her shawls. TIhe shlawls were there now as shle had left thiem. ier dresses hung in the lpress, and were foldedl on the shelves, just as F:fine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashsmere shawl which Chetwynd had bouslght for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then shite closed the drawer and crept to the dour and listened. Not a sound was to be heard withdout. Shte opened the door and crept out into the bahll, stealing along in the dimness like a swift shadow. She crossed the wide tall to place herself at greater distance from Chet wynd's rooms, andt so unconsciously passed close to the doors of the suit occupied by Mli~ss Monk. She passed the dressing-room and bed chamber of hier East Indian rival, her heart beating, it seemed to her, like a drum. - Asshe came abreast the door of Miss Monk's bath-room, which had been ajar all the evening, it silently opened, and the witch. like figure of old BRgee crept out like a flnsh. Bernise caught a glimpse only of the dusky East Indian face, which resembled a face cut from a walnut more than anything else, a red turban, a pair of outslretched arms, and the gleam of sinister eyes, and then she Sflew befo?asher etrange pursuer withlout a word if oicry, The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching her shawl. Bernice loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, like the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but the old woman did not pursue her. Rages clutched the shawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No one had been aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed-chamber. Sylvia was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. "Well?" said theyoung lady, impatiently. "You have watched all the evening, Ragee, depriving me of my sleep, and. what good have you gained by it?" "This I" cried old Ragee, dashing the shawl down upon the bed. " Do you know that shawl? I have just seen the spectre I It came out of the late Lady Chetwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed in white, only it wore this shawl to protect it from the cold. It crossed the bhall. When it came alongside the bath-room I darted out and grasped the shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood I the shawl proves that. I saw its face; it was white with terror; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the face of Lady Chetwynd l-- the face of the living mar. chioness I It is asI have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard ourscheming,and outwitted us. The girl is alive. I tell you I Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but to speak to send you and me to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a reality I" CHAPTER XV. THE SEW CELEBRITY. We have now to relate the experiences of Mr. Tempest, the great explorer of China and Tartary, who had been the travelling companion of Lord Chetwynd upon the re turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and his explorations and discoveries had made a great sensation in the scientific world. He had sent books home to be published under the auspices of the Royal Geographical So ciety, and his name had become in England a household wcrd. Upon the morning after the departure of Lord Chetwynd for Sussex-the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in the news. paper of that disaster at sea in which Mr. and Mrs. Gwellan had perished-the great explorer exhumed his manuscripts, diaries, and reports from his portmanteau, and made his way to the headquarters of the Royal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flattering attentions. Members thronged around him to shake hands with him. Before be left the Society rooms he had received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would have declined them all. His heart was sore with the recent wound inflicted by the notice of "Bernice Gwellan's" death. He wanted to return quietly whence he had come, but so many "Fellows" of the R.G.S. combined to combat his resolves that he consented to remain a month in England at the least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F.R.G.S.-one Sir Harry Fortescue -that very day, and an invitation for the morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. " You look harassed, Tempest," said Sir Harry Fortescue, as at last he walked out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer. on their way to the baronet's club, into which Tempest had been per suaded to "drop " for an hour. "You think we rhall run you to death, but when the ladies-the most indefatigable lion hunters in the world-come upon you, you will have to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my dear sir ?" " Not of late years," replied Mr. Tempest. "I don't like society, Sir IIarry. My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, have not fitted me to grace a lady's boudoir. I should like to ask after a few whom I re. member. As yet I have mnade no inquiries. Where is young Lord Grafton now.a days ?" " Dead. He died ten years since." " Indeed I" said the explorer. " Can you tell me anything of the Right Honorable Mrs. William Molyneux, a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ?' He asked the question with seeming carelessness and indifference, his face averted. He might have inquired, judging from his tone, after some chance acquaintance of former times. sBut his face had grown aud. denly pale, his forehead was dewed with sweat, and his mouth quivered under his beard. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. "I remember Mrs. Mfolyneux," said Sir Harry. "Who does not? She-was, as you say, a great beauty. She had some trouble with her husband, I believe. I never under. stood what the trouble was, but he deserted her. She went to one of the German baths for her health. She never recovered from the blow of her husband's desertion. She came home a wreck of her former self, and buried herself somewhere in the country. She lost her only child in its infancy, I have heard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Her's was a sad story. She died seven years ago d" "Died 1" "Yes-of consumption, I think. Her death was in all the papers. Did you know her well ?" Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did he show his face to his companion, who would have been startled at its singular pallor, and at the strange expression of emotion that convulsed it. "I met her often in society," the ex plorer said at last, as the silence grew marked and oppressive. " Here we are at my clab, Mr. Tempest," said Sir Harry. "I am anxious to intro duce you to my friends. Perhaps you may really find some of your old acquaintances among tlhem." Tempest hesitated. His soul was pro. foundly stirred by the news he had just heard. Iie would have given much to be able to creep away to some friendly solitude just then, but he conquered his long ing, and with an exercise of his almost superhuman self.controlcalmed his features and resumed his ordinary manner. He accompanied Sir Harry into the club i men of note and rank were introduced to him, and be foundl his name and travels alikie well known to Sir Harry's friends. He met no old acquaintances. He dined that evening with Sir Harry Fortescue, as he had promised. His heart was in mourning for Bernice, whom he be lieved to be dead, and also in mourning and torn by the pangs of self-reproach because of that MIrs. Molyneux whose story had been so sad, and who had died so young. "Asud yet what have I to reproach my self for'" he asked himself, with anery defiance. "Idid rightly. And poor Mar guerite is dead I ' Died seven years ago.' It is as well." A large party had been arranged to succeed the dinner. The ladies drove home to dress for the larger evening entertaino ment, Lady Fortescue retired to her private rooms, and Mr. Tempest adjourned with his host and a few kindred souls to the library, to spend the hours intervening between the two entertainments in congenial conver sation. As the hour grew late the drawing- rooms began to fill with gaily-dressed people, and the host returned with his friends to the scene of brightness and splendor. Sir Harry, as in duty bound, placed himself in close attendance upon Lady Fortes cue, assisting her in the reception of her guests. Tempest was, as at the dinner, over 'whelmed with attentions, whicf he, .on diuedto receive modeatClynd csdlf His wit gleamed like a polished sword blase, cutting now and then to the bons. He was cynical, cool, haughty, reserved, and strangely enough, he was a social Lady I tescue made a tour of her grand rooms :. n his arm, introducing him to various i;,dies with a pretty air of pro. prieto:sl.ip, as if meaning to assert that the new lion was her own especial pro. perty. "Do you know, Mr. Tempest," said her ladyship,smiling," that I am piqued natyour cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow his haughty head to the yoke of an Englishwoman ? No? You did not sus pect my designs ? Well, I have given you fair warning." "And who may this conquering English. woman be 1" " She is Ladv Diana Northwick. You see her by the window. surrounded by her adorers. She is an Iceberg-a human ice berg-a coquette. But is she not beautiful 1 She is engaged tb marry Lord Tentamour, who now stands at her side, holding her bouquet. What do you think of her?" Tempest glanced in the direction indicated to him, and beheld at a distant window, surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle men, a woman rarely beautiful-so beautiful that one having once seen her face could never forget it. She was tall, regal, and statuesque, with a noble and queenly carriage of her stately figure. Her pure Greek face was superb in its royal haughtiness. The red lips were curled in a smile that was strangely fascinat ing and winning. She was a blonde of the purest type, with a complexion like the fairest pearl. Ier hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow, without a glint of red in its luxuriant masses. It was arranged in crapes, and puffs, and rolls, and curls, after the fashion of the day, but its fanciful disorder could not conceal the shape of her smtall, noble head, which was poised proudly upon her slender neck. She looked an empress, in her robe of pale blue velvet, with trim. mings of point lace, and ornaments of diamonds. 'She is very beautiful," said Tempest, slowly. "I can imagine a man falling in love with her, but you sayshe is a coquette ? There is a disdain in her haughty glance, as she looks around her at this moment. Is that a revelation of her inner nature ? Is she really above all these coquetries ?" "The question shows that site has already cast her g!amour over you," said Lady For tescue, banteringly. "That is always the way. It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall in love with Lady Di whle you were the husband of some other woman? Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. Ah, I fancy you wince, Ir. Tem pest. Can it be that there is a Mrs. Tern pest in the background all the while 1' Lady Fortesque inquired, smilingly. "No; I should say that could not be." said the explorer, calmly. "'All the ties that once fettered me are broken. But I am no silly moth to flutter around the flame of Lady Di's beauty. 1 candidly think that she is one of the mre:st beautiful women I have ever seen-perhaps the most beautiful ; buit her's is the beauty of the glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men call her heartless ?" "Yes, and rave about her, and go mad about her beauty. She enjoys her power, and that is why she has held her lover, Lord Tentamour, so long at arms' length. They will be married soon, I hear." " Who is Lady Northwick?" asked Temr pest. `"She is the widow of Sir Basil North wick, a rich baronet, who was sufficiently accommodating to die and leave her all his wealth. She must be nearly thirty years old. Did you not' tell me that you do not care for wcmen ? Yet see how long we have been. talking about the most brilliant co quette in London. lHaving excited your curiosity in regard to her, permit me to in troduce you to her." "Thanks," said Tempest, bowing assent. "I dare say you are tired of me, Lady Fortescue, and are willing to be rid of me." They advanced towards the reigning bells, who welcomed the lion of the evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Fottescue presented the great explorer, and then moved away. At the distance of a few paces she paused to speak to a guest, and her glances reverted to Lady Diana and Tempest. The Tartar traveller was already deep in conversation with the polished coquette. "Lady Di is sure to add Mr. Tempest to her list of lovers," thought Mrs. Forteseue, with a thrill of dismay. " H'e does not understand a woman's wiles. She would like to win the homage of the new celebrity. I fancy he is a widower. There was a strange expression in his eyes when I spoke of a possible Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when I remember that look. I am persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. He will fall in love with her and he will not go back to Tar tary next month. But what will be the end ?" With another glance at the pair, Lady Fortesque disappeared.-(To be Continued.) 