The Secret Chamber; OR, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. BUy Eliza A. Duputy, Author of " The Outlaw's Bride," " The White Terror," Irc., &e6.; CHAPTER XXVII.-(CONTINUED.) Ethel's fears began to communicate themselves to those around her, when the bustle of an arrival was heard. In a few .moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, entered the room in which the family was gathered, accom. panied by his friend, Edmund Boertie, who soon found his way to the side of Alice, and the blushing reception she gave him showed that the prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. Garald clasped his betrothed to his manly heart, and whispered: "Nover more to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and you will be mine by the most sacred of all tia9." She raised her eyes to his, in which love and trust were mirrored, and replied in the same tone : "Yes, forever yours-yours in heart alt soul. Oh I Gerald, nothing can part Its now." Suddenly Ethel remembered the strange colloquy she had held through the win. dow, and she drew Gerald aside, and askled: ' Did-you meet a messenger who cnsie hither in a mysterious mannor to vee you? I accidentally saw him through the window, and spoke with h': s." "That was a singular proceeding on each a night as this. I have not soon any .er i on the road. Did he say he would awok me ?" " Yes. He said his message was of such importance that he must go on the road ,to meet you." "The inclemency of the night must, thnn, have driven him to seek shelter "uefore we came along. His news could enot have been of much importance, .ar he would not have failed to deliver "Perhaps not; but he seemed very mtuch in earnest." Gerald mused a moment and then sead: "It must have concerned himself, then, for I am expecting no news that can mar the perfect happiness of this joy ful reunion. Dear Etheol, I have labored for you, and Heaven has blT"o'd my ex ertions. I hold in my grasp the fruition of long years of toil, and all I have now to do is to enjoy the supreme happiness I have won with a thankful heart to the Giver of all good. The settlements are completed, and to-morrow we will be married. Thus the blessed Christmas seeson will be twice hallowed to sme." Ethel would have petitioned for a do lay of a few days, but Gerald reminded her that lie had already submitted to many ; that her trousseau was prepared, and everything in readiness, and where fore defer their union for a single day? She finally yielded, and he announced to the groups around the fire that the Christmas bells would also ring the peal for their marriage. They received the hearty congratulations of their friends, and Gerald went out among the tenants, and after informing them of the ap. preaching ceremony, requested their preo. senco at the parish church on the follow. iug morning. Soon after they dispeorud to their homes, and Gerald returned to the room in which the family was collected, where he found a cosy supper served, with the accompaniments of egg nog and mulled ,'wilno. The howls that contained them were mwOrest.hod with mistletoe, and when the ,menry meal was ended, Alice took the wreath from one of them, and, plaoe ,ing it .on Jthol's head, chanted some ,old rhymoes which had struck her ,faney : " On Christmas Eve the bells were rung I On Christmas Eve the mass was sung I That only night in all thbo year .HSw the stoled priest the ohalloe rear; The damsel donned her kirtle sheen ; Thes hall was dressed with holly green I Porth to the woods did merry men go, To gather in the mistletoe; Then opened wide the baron's hall To vassal, tenant, serf, and all," SWe have carried out the programnise prutty well, Elthel, consaluring that we live in such deglenerate thsus I tall now that we issay act out our own nollsonlle, with no strangners to, crltlielo us, 1 wish to lndulho a fanta?,y ,f my oiwn." ýý What Is it ?' asked Gerald, laughing. "You may be sure of an appreciative au lience." Alico went on with smiling gravity: t" he name by which this plant is known in Germany is dcr mistel, and the people of Holstein call it the branch of the speoctres. They believe that if a per son has nerve enough to hold a bunch of mistletoo firmly in the hand, and invoke the spirit of the dead, he will see the one of whom he thinks arise before him. If he wills to do so, he can speak with the spectre." "But, my dear Alice," said her father, "this seems to me a silly tampering with things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is moat unsuitable to the fee. tival we have just celebrated. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might got frightened at your fancies. "Dear father, I have set my heart on trying it now, so do not oppose me. One would think that you really believe in ghosts. I do not, so you may safely letob me verify the German supersti tion." Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever she undertook, and, after some hard persuasion, her father consented that the trial might be made. She said: " I have prepared an invocation which will undoubtedly bring the airy phan toms around us, if there is any truth in the belief." The placed herself in the ce-ntre of the floor, grasped a branch of the mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com menced: " Spirits of the vasty deep, On the wings of night now sweep; Come with storm, come through sir, And answer to my earnest prayer; It the dead may rise to light, Come and speak with me to-night." There was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind sweeping against the walls of the house. After a pause of several moments, Alice threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone : "lI am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to me ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better success. Come, priestess, you are al ready crowned with the Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force she drew her friend forwardl. and. unwilling to refuse hnr re. quest, Mthol permitted tihe branch of mistletoo to be thrust in her hand, and in her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Her face was turned toward the door, which opened in the hall, and while.eho repeated the invocation her eyes became fastened to it, as she saw it begin slowly to unclose. A figure appeared in the open space that curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, made white by the snow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flakes, fell in dis order upon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a face as pallid as that of any ghost. He spoko in a tone of hollow mockery: "You have called me, and lo II come." A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : 1 It is Vernor I You have summoned him from the realms of the dead. Drop that branch, that he may forever vanish." "That is easier said than done," said Vernor, in his natural voice, as he strode forward and confronted the group. "I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a flesh and blood entity, which I can well believe you would all be glad to drive back into the realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and have come to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it." For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to silence by this terrible interruption to their mirth. But he was aroused from his immobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and she fell insensible in his out stretched arms. As they folded around her, the wretched conviction came to him that another person possessed. the right to stand between himself and her he ihad deemed so entirely his own. He stifled the deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and endeavored to restore animation to Ethel by sprink ling water from the table over her inani mate features. Vernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely said: "Unhand that lady, sir I Let my aunt minister to her, for I do not choose my wife to lie thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your do8ling grasp ." He had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from him as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gerald cast unon him a glance of dofiance, and stornly said :. "This lady need not become nl ol.jecc of contention between us. ur orwti'lo oieion shall govern both of us as to % Icioh one sie will prefer as liher £itroe hl band." "I comprehend that ruse," replied Vernor, with a contemptuous curl of his haughty lip. " You think yourself so cure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives her to me, and I defy you or anyone else to invalidate my claim." " You resigned ler long ago to me. I thought you dead, or I should have placed her fate beyond your con trol." " But you see that I am not dead, and you have failed to accomplish that ncoes. sary duty. Since you neglected it, I shall avail myself of every right I still posoess over that girl, who offers a pretty wel. come to her long-absent husband, by fainting when ho appears in her pro. senco. "Do not dare to call yourself her hus band, for in the sight of God you are not -you never hlave been that I You saoriflcod her once to your desire for the wealth sho inhorited, and you have now returned to force her odious Ionds upon her because she again las fortune to be stow upon you." lirs, Digby, with tremblibn handsa, had been bathing tih brow of Lthil, who now unaolined her oyoc, looked aroutnd and seeing Vern o burieil hIr fnou In Ourald's huollill, whiloe hli tlrllluriured : " It Is tfrue, lthou I It, was n111 pnhailtoill thik tile iiwiay-ihld mu fant-O-urald, for I will clilg to you even ii lunl th Ilt soil I" Vernor nllrile toward her, ad il nook ingly esid : "So-o--my lady bride will itob even look upon her ollg-absent one. I cau well imagine the vigils you have held tears you have wept over my supposed fate-my pretty Ethel, and if tiov have dimmed your beauty I can forgive it. Lot me look upon your face, that I may judge if it is mucl ch changed since we last maet." Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said: "Leave me forever, I implore you I Take my fortune, take everything Iclairm, but leave me free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved me : you gave me up yourself, and I call on you to redeem your nlighted word." " On my soul, if it were possible to claim your wealth without the encum brance, I would take you at your word," he liercely rejoined. "But so important a personage as Lady Clifton cannot so easily renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your husband can I hold them, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man; cease to cling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedonm." Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale face as she spoke with dignity : "I obey you, since the right to command me is still unfortunately yours ; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power shall ever compel me to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between me and the man I love, but I shall find means to break the wicked bonds in which you bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious they might become., You never loved me; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now posses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power." "It might, perhaps, if I permitted you to use it for that purpose; but I shall take good care not to do so. The laws of England give a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to submit to the fate that is inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. iHe who sought to supersede me in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an account Sn tllaem.. He axed his eyes insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied: "My whole course in life refutes such an absurd charge ; neither do 1 believe that such letters have ever been written. Where have you been during all these years I" Vernor dared not name the place of his late residence, and he said: "I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I demand the restitution of my wife and estate." " On the last you have no legal claim, for the property of smy uncle has become msine by purchase. The title has also been bestowed on me forservices rendered to the present king; but I waive my right to bear it if you choose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by the wealth that can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she laes declared her resolution not to be claimed by you. I will main. tain her right to do so at any cost." The rest of the group had listened in appalledsilencetothis passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed: "It is useless to recrimiuat. thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethel to her chamber for she seems scarcely able to sustain her. self. Go with them, Alice, and send a servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to his chamber. Gerald and myself will talk with Vernor, and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind." Vernor stopped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his; but she shrank away, saying: "No-no-never shall my hand be clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract." A. dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his closed teeth : " We shall see who shall be the winner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of a feebole woman shall not mar my game, I give you this night to reflect upon your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Nethurn, I claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark me, it shall be rendered." Ethel seemed on the verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. The three ladies left the room together, Alice almost apsteiliipig' the sinking forip of her friend, whose strength was exhansted by thi viulent emotions of the last few nolos)epto. yl'hes isl h?"p wne chgnlber she wept upon the bosqeer of her adopted mother, and wildly askeef if j would be possible or Yerer to fro le to live with him asL his wifp. '"alm your agitation, my love," said Mrs. Digby, soothingly. "Verneor assumes a high tone, but he must feel the weakness of his cause. He aonnot compel you to return to him. It will take time to obtain a divorce, but no English jury will refgso a verdict in your favor, when tie facts of the case are fairly oset before them." " iBut Vernor may attempt to avenge on Gerald the preference I feel for him. Oh I sunty, heo looks so savage, so revengeful, that my hlesrt dies within me when I think of lhim." M' My sone can protect himisolf, Ethel; have no fears for him, lBad mts I am afraid Vernor Is, hlie will attemnpt no violence toward his cousin. lie has too tender a care for his qwi safety, you may be sure." T'hus reasoned, Ethel Ibecameo loro co:lposedl, but for her aching heart there was no repose during the long hours of that wrOtched night. The lightof that day, which was to have witnclesd her espouanls to the man she adored, full upon her wen and wrotoehd, fnrful of tihe vil ilhelnaeo which hall lark cned her life aend half.brokenl her heart, Slhi wase toe ill anld minserabhl to denu?adel teo breakfiaest, anld Alen caisie lin to nshara the iroelsnt which was servted ill ler own apart flunt. St i, ond s ei.red I. to meer thesisklig spirits of her frleind, but sicn had as yet no favorable news to olsi. mulnicate. OCIAPTEII XXVIII. SVElt SOR DIS3?.IYED. Vainly did Mr. Digby endeavor to mediate between the two cousins. Vernor pertinaciously adhered to his demands, and declared that the full and amplo restitution of his fortune, together with the surrender of Ethel, were the only terms to which he would listen. Several days were consumed in fruit less negotiation, during which Ethel confined herself to her own apartment, and steadily refused to receive the intruder. Vernor assumed the command of the house as its lawful master, ard the servants learned to their dismay that Ihe wedding of their lady would not take place, as the former husband, long sup posed dead, had returned to assert his prior claim to her. Gerald was almost in despair at the firmnaes of Vernor, when a letter from Lymo was delivered to him . which changed the aspect of affairs in his favor. It was directed in the cramped hand of one not much accustomed to writing, and, on opening it, he found these lines SIn GERALD HfETHons-lIonored Sir: I write this to let you know of a discovery I have made which may be important to you. Three days ago a ship went ashore near this place ; the people on board were saved, and one of the passengers were brought to Jessie Lithgow's where I lodge. She is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, although she has been sick almost unto death since her arrival here. During her illness her wild ravingsinformed me of some lacts that bear upon the history of your cousin, Vernor Methura, who I am aware is now in England. I know much of Vernor's former life, and when his first name fell so often from her lips I listened to her words with interest. I sought for a confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in the dress she wore when she was brought hither, which proved to me that I was right in my con jectures. Sinclose you a copy of that letter, as I dared not remove the original. You can judge for yourself if the facts it containscan be of any use to you at this crisis. lie has marrieda second wife while his first one is yet living, and this poor girl has followed him to demand such redress as the law may afford. Four nights ago Vernor Methurn was in this place, and by this time he is un. doubtedly at Clifiden. I know the Lady Ethel was soon to marry you, and the Infeor mation I send may enable you to deal with your adversary on more equal terms. You may rely on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my name is not signed to it. bM. V. Below this was copied the letter Vernor had written to Sylvio, and Gerald no sooner glanced over it than he saw from internal evidence that his cousin must have been the author of theooriginal. The date also confirmed his suspioions that Vernor lhad not told the truth as to the' place of his refuge during the years of his absence. In a tumult of feeling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive be fore him. He road it carefully, and then said : "This places Vernor at your mercy. The woman he has thus wronged will ex pose his treachery, and to avoid a prosecution for bigamy he will be com pelled to fly from the country. A delay of a few months will enable you to claim your bride, for now all legal diffculties to a divorce must vanish before the proofs you can bring forward of his utter want of principle and feeling. Let us seek an interview with him, and show hin the critical position in which he stands." Vernor was walking on the sea-beach, but in a short time he came up and re turned to the house, Gerald met him in the hall, and requested a private conver sation in the library., "Our interviews lead to so little thatis satisfactory that it seems useless to hold them," he said, with a sneer; " hut I will not refuse your request." "This one at least will be more decisive," was the significant roely; " I have something of importance to com municato to you which will probably change your plan of action." " I fancy not; but we shall sce," and ho indolently followed his cousin, and throw himself in a chair in front of the fire. Mr. Digby was seated beside the library table, and Gerald carefully closed the door of the room. Vornor haughtily said: " You take many precautions which are now useless, for every servant in this house knows who I am and why I have come hither. They also begin to compre hend that I intend to maintain the foot ing I have gained here as the lawful master of the domain." " I am quite well aware of that; but they do not know what I am about to communicate to you. It has been known to myself only within the last hour, and I warn you that it will be a terrible blow to you." " Lot it fall, then," was tihe reckless rejoinder. "I am prepared for anything you can have to tell me." SI think you are scarcely proeared for this. How longi ist aincu you left lihr badoes and deserted the woman to whom you wore united there 7 I am aware that you have never boon in Virginia: that the years of your exile wore spent in the West Indies." As Vornor listened his cheeks blanched. He visibly trembled, though ho faltered : "It is false I No woman has a legal claim to me save Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt mny word as to the plIco of my exile ?" " I doubt it because it is satisfactorily proved to me that you have never boon in Virginia. The wolman you lately deurted is already in England in pursuit of yon, and by this time thel clue to your identity is furnished to hor, though you wedled her only under your biaptismnal name 1" elo looked fixedly on the ohanging face of the listener, and if conflrmnation liad boon needed, the agitation of Vernor supplied it. He faintly gaspod: "Bylvio in Englandl SIylvio on my track I then I am iniloed undono I" After a miomuunt of porturbed thought, lo pneslonately asked : )'!'ho hls told you thei 7 What proof lavo you of what you riaurt ?" 'Gornl olfered hln the letter of the gilpsy, aln) calmly said " Read that, snd eeo tihat you are no longor safe in tlhis counetry." (7'o be Contntuerl. WeIIIN the gravnviiigoer was asked how hi found life, lie replled tlint lie ihln't Heo mulet of It aroultnd where hu workeud HOc'T'1t Iill 1 " Mliin FIlyto, i1, yeoue thilik Miss (JHlgi" I illaughlnu at nme " I' ll I 'lylu : " I can't nay, Mr, eHoftulhll, Hhe oftuu laughs at almost unolthin." 