THE NEW MORMONISM. : (LONDON TILTHS.) JL/io jUorinoDH havo corno out with a now profession of faith, tlioromilt of a conferonco of elders, which has lasted eovoral wcolts. This declaration says:— “ Wo beliovo in God tho Fathor, in Jcsur Christ, and tho Holy Ghost; that men will bo punished for their own sins, not for thoso of Adam, that mankind may be savod through Christ, and obedience to tho laws and ordinances which appertain to tho faith in Christ and through repent ance ; in baptism by imraorsion, and lay ing on of hands. Wo boliovo in tho aamo organisation as that of tho Primitive Church —namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, 1 teachers, and evangelists. Wo believe in tho gift of tongues, in prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. Wo boliovo tho Bible to bo tho Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, and also that tho Book of Mormon is tho Word of God. Wo boliovo all God has revealed and is now revealing, and wo boliovo that Ho will yot roveal many important things regarding tho Kingdom of God. Wo beliovo in tho litoral gathering of Israol, in tho restoration of tho Ton’Tribes, and that Zion will bo built on this continent. Wo claim tho privilogo to worship God according to tho dictates of our own con science, and allow otliora to do tho samo.’ Wo believe that wo must obey our rulers so lohg as they are honest, true, chaste, benevo lent, and virtuous.” Articlo 12 of tbo declaration abandons tho system of polygamy. Tho political off cot of this doparturo will bo very great in Idaho. Thoro nro 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now bo able to vote under this now declaration. At a Mormon Conforonco hold at Salt Lake City on 6th October 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff’s official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was Approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of tho apostles, bishops, and ciders. This is tho most important step taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter of a century. Goorgo Q. Cannon, ono of tho oldest leaders of tho church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was tho act of God, President Woodruff having had a special communication from tho Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry that tho step was necessary, because ho believed God had ordained polygamy. Tho martyrs of the • church had suffered much, 800 of them having boon confinod in tho penitentiary for the al leged offence of polygamy; but it was useless for tho church to fight 60,000,000 people any longer. God would hold tho nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to the dictates of tlicir consciences. Tho Bufferings of the Mormons were recorded in Heaven, and would ono day appear upon tho noblest page of modem history, but tho Rpeakor bowed iu submission to God’s will. Tho conferonco confirmed tho original Articles of Faith, including tho one beginning 44 Wo boliovo, boing subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in. obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." Tho action taken by tbo conference effectu ally ends tho Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars polygamy iu tbo fu uro. Tho official manifesto of President Wood ruff, forbidding plural marriage« in the Mormon Church, is ns follows:—“ To whom it may concern:—Press despatches having beon sent for political purposes from Salt Luke City, which have been widoly pub lished, to the effect that tho Utah Commis sion, in a recent report to tho Secretary of the Intorior, allege that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forty or moro marriages havo been contracted iu Utah sinoo last Juno or during tho past year; also that in public discourses the leaders of tho church havo taught, encouraged, and urged tho continuance of tho practice of polygamy, I, therefore, as president of tho Cliuroh of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby in tho most solemn mannor declare these ehnrgos false. 44 Wo nro not tonching polygamy or jdural marriages, nor are wo permitting any person to enter upon its practice. I deny that either forty, or any number, of plural marriages' during that period havo bora solemnized in oa^* tenqries, or in any other place in tho territory^ Onu case lias been reported iu whioh parties have alleged that a marriage was per formed at tho Endowment Houso in Salt Lake City in tho spring of 1880, but I havo nob boon able to loam who performed tho cere* I mony. Whatever was done was douo with-* out my knowledge. In consequenco of this alleged occurrence tho Endowment Hoosa was by my instructions taken down without delay, inasmuch as laws had beon enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, had been pronouncod couafci tutianol by tho court. “As a last resort, I heroby declare my in tention to submit to tho laws, and to uso my influence with members of the church over which I preside to havo thorn do like wise. There is nothing in my teachings in tho church, or in thoso of my associates, during tho timo specified, which can bo reasonably construed to inculcate or to en courage polygamy. When any elder of tho church has used language which appeared to convey puch teachings, he lias been promptly reproved. I now publicly deolaro my ad vice to tho Latter Hay Saints, which is to refrain from contracting any marriago for bidden by the la\v of tho land. 44 (Signed) Wilfokd Wooiuiuff. Presi dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.” This dooument having been adopted by tho • conference, the President offered tho follow ing resolution:— 44 That recognising Wilfrod Woodruff, President of tho Church of Josus Const of Latter Day Saints, as tho only man ou earth at tho present timo who holds tho hoys for scaling ordinaries, wo consider him fully authorised by virtuo of his position to issue tho manifesto which has been read in our hearing, and which is dated 24th Sep tember, I860; further, that, as tho Church. General Conference assembled, wo accept his declaration concerning plural marriages as nuthoritntivo and binding.” This resolution was unanimously adopted by tho vast assemblage. After Mr. Geciriro Cannon had spoken, President Woodruff stated that tho decision embodied in tho manifesto had been reached only after a long session of prayer. Tho fiat had gotio forth, and tho will of God must bo The question of what shall bo done in tho case of members who uro already sealed re mains to bo debated at a meeting of tho Mormon prio3tbood. 