RIDER HAGGARD'S LATEST NOVEL BEATRICE. By author of King Solomon's Mines ; She ; Allan Quatermain ; Mrs. Meeson's Will ; and other novels. [The right of publication of this story in the EXAMINER has been purchased, and the story will be continued in Saturday's issues.] CHAPTER XIV.-DRIFTING. ON the day following their religious discussion an accident happened which resulted in Geoffrey and Beatrice being more than ever thrown in the company of each other. During the previous week two cases of scarlatina had been reported among the school children, and now it was found that the complaint had spread so much that it was neces- sary to close the school. This meant, of course, that Beatrice had all her time upon her hands And so had Geoffrey. It was his custom to bathe before breakfast, after which he had nothing to do for the rest of the day. Beatrice with little Effie also bathed before breakfast from the ladies' bath- ing-place, a quarter of a mile off, and sometimes he would meet her as she returned, glowing with health and beauty like Venus now risen from the Cyprian sea, her half-dried hair hanging in heavy masses down her back. Then after breakfast they would take Effie down to the beach, and her "Auntie," as the child learnt to call Beatrice, would teach her lessons and poetry till she was tired, and ran away to paddle in the sea or look for prawns among the rocks. Meanwhile the child's father and Beatrice would talk-not about religion, they spoke no more on that subject, nor about Owen Davies, but of every- thing else on earth. Beatrice was a merry woman when she was happy, and they never lacked sub- jects of conversation, for their minds were much in tune. In book- learning Beatrice had the advan- tage of Geoffrey, for she had not only read enorm- ously, she also remembered what she read and could apply it. Her critical faculty, too, was very keen. He, on the other hand, had more know- ledge of the world, and in his rich days had tra- velled a good deal, and so it came to pass that each could always find something to tell the other. Never for one second were they dull, not even when they sat an hour or so in silence, for it was the silence of complete companionship. So the long morning would wear away all too quickly, and they would go in to dinner, to be greeted with a cold smile by Elizabeth and heartily enough by the old gentleman, who never thought of anything out of his own circle of affairs. After dinner it was the same story. Either they went walking to look for ferns or flowers, or perhaps Geoffrey took his gun and hid behind the rocks for curlew, sending Beatrice, who knew the coast by heart, a mile round or more to some headland in order to put them on the wing. Then she would come back, sprinting toward him from rock to rock, and crouch down beneath a neighbouring sea- weed-covered boulder, and they would talk together in whispers, or perhaps they would not talk at all, for fear lest they should frighten the flighting birds. And Geoffrey would first search the heavens for curlew or duck, and, seeing none, would let his eyes fall upon the pure beauty of Beatrice's face, showing so dearly against the tender sky, and wonder what sha was thinking about ; till, suddenly feeling his gaze, she would turn with a smile as sweet as the first rosy blush of dawn upon the waters, and ask him what he was thinking about. And he would laugh and answer, "You," whereon she would smile again and perhaps blush a little, feeling glad at heart, she knew not why. Then came tea-time and the quiet, when they sat at the opon window, and Geoffrey smoked and listened to the soft surging of the sea and the harmonious whisper of the night air in the pines. In the corner Mr. Granger slept in his armchair, or perhaps he had gone to bed altogether, for he liked to go to bed at half-past eight, as the old Herefordshire farmer, his father, had done before him ; and at the far end of the room sat Elizabeth, doing her accounts by the light of a solitary candle, or, if they failed her, reading some book of a devotional and improving character. But over the edge of the book, or from the page of crabbed accounts, her eyes would glance continually towards the handsome pair in the window-place, and she would smile as she saw that it went well. Only they novel saw the glances or noted the smile. When Geoffrey looked that way, which was not often, for Elizabeth-old Elizabeth, as he always called her to himself-did not attract him, all he saw was her sharp but capable-looking form bending over her work, and the light of the candle glancing on her straw-coloured hair and falling in gleaming white patches on her hard knuckles. And so the happy day would pass and bed-time come, and with it unbidden dreams. Geoffrey thought no ill of all this, as of course he ought to have thought. He was not the raven- ing lion of fiction-so rarely, if ever, to be met with in real life-going, about seeking whom he might devour. He had absolutely no designs on Beatrice's affections, any more than she had on his, and he had forgotten that first fell prescience of evil to come. Once or twice, it is true, qualms of doubt did cross his mind in the earlier days of their intimacy. But, he put them by as absurd. He was no believer in the tender helplessness of full-grown women, his experience having been that they are amply capable-and, for the most part, more than capable-of looking after them selves. It seemed to him a thing ridiculous that such a person as Beatrice, who was competent to form opinions and a judgment on all the important questions of life, should be treated as a child, and that he should remove himself from Bryngelly lest her young affections should become entangled. He felt sure that they would never be entrapped in any direction whatsoever without her full con sent. Then he ceased to think about the matter at all. Indeed, the mere idea of such a thing involved a supposition which would only have been acceptable to a conceited man-namely, that there was a pos- sibility of this young lady's falling in love with him. What right had he to suppose anything of the sort? it was an impertinence. That there was another sort of possibility-namely, of his becoming more attached to her than was altogether desirable did, however, occur to him once or twice. But he shrugged his shoulders and put it by. After all, it was his look out, and he did not much care. It would do her no harm at the worst. But very soon all these shadowy forebodings of dawning trouble vanished quite. They were lost in the broad, sweet lights of friendship. By-and-by, when friendship's day was done, they might arise again, called by other names and wearing a sterner face. It was ridiculous-of course it was ridiculous ; he was not going to fall in love like a boy at his time of life ; all he felt was gratitude and interest all she felt was amasement in his society. As for the intimacy-felt rather than expressed-the intimacy that could already almost enable the one to divine the other's, thoughts, that could shape her mood to his and his to hers, that could cause the same thing of beauty to be a common joy, and discover unity of mind in opinions the most oppo- site-why, it was only natnral between people who had together passed a peril terrible to think of. So they, took the goods the gods provided and drifted softly on-whither they did not stop to inquire. One day, however, a little incident happened that ought to have opened the eyes of both. They had arranged, or rather there was a tacit understanding, that they should go out together in the afternoon. Geoffrey was to take his gun and Beatrice a book, but it chanced that, just before dinner, as she walked book from the village, where she had gone to buy some thread to mend Ellie's clothes, Beatrice came face to face with Mr. Davies. It was their first meeting without witnesses since the Sunday of which the events have been described, and natur- ally, therefore, rather an awkward one. Owen stopped short so that she could not pass him with a bow, and then turned and walked beside her. After a remark or two about the weather, the springs of conversation ran dry. "You remember that you are coming up to the castle this afternoon?" he said, at length. "To the castle!" she answered. "No I have heard nothing of it." "Did your sister tell you she made an engage ment for herself and you a week or more ago? You are to bring the little girl ; she wants to see the view from the top of the tower." Then Beatrice remembered. Elizabeth had told her and she had thought it best to accept the situ ation. The whole thing had gone out of her mind. ''Oh, I beg your pardon! I do remember now, but I have made another plan-how stupid of me!" "You had forgotten," he said in his heavy voice ; "it is easy for you to forget what I have been looking forward to for a whole week. What is your plan-to go ont walking with Mr. Bingham, I suppose?" "Yea," answered Beatrice, to go out with Mr. Bingham." "Ah! you go out with Mr. Bingham every day now." "And what if I do?" said Beatrice quickly: "surely Mr. davies, i have a right to go out with whom I like?" "Yes, of course; but the engagement to come to the castle was made first; are you going to keep it?" "Of course I am going to keep it; I always keep my engagements when I have any." "Very well, then ; I shall expect you at three o'clock." Beatrice went on home in a curiously irritated condition of mind. She did not naturally, want to go to the Castle, and she did want to go out with Geoffrey. However, there was no help for it. When she came in to dinner she found that Geoffrey was not there. He had, it seemed, gone to lunch with Dr. Chambers, whom he had met on the beach. Before he returned they were all three starting for the Castle, Beatrice leaving a message to this effect with Betty. About a quarter of an hour afterwards, Geoffrey came back to fetch his gun and Beatrice, but Beatrice was gone, and all that he could extract from Betty was that she had gone to see Mr. Davies. He was perfectly furious, though all the while he knew how unreasonable was his anger. He had been looking forward to the expedition, and this sudden change of plan was too much for his temper. Off he started, however, to pass a thoroughly miserable afternoon. He seemed to miss Beatrice more at every step, and gradually to grow more and more angry at what he called her "rudeness." Of course it never occurred to him that what he was really angry at was her going to see Mr. Davies, or that, in truth, her society had become so delight- ful to him that to be deprived of it even for an afternoon was to be wretched. To top everything, he only got three good shots that afternoon, and he missed them all, which made him crosser than ever. As for Beatrice, she enjoyed herself just as little at the Castle as Geoffrey did on the beach. Owen Davies took them through the great unused rooms, and showed them the pictures, but she had seen them before, and though some of them were very fine, did not care to look at them again-at any rate, not that afternoon. But Elizabeth gazed at them with eager eyes, and mentally appraised their value, wondering if they would ever be hers. "What is this picture?" she asked, pointing to a beautiful portrait of a Dutch Burgomaster by Rembrandt. "That," answered Owen heavily, for he knew nothing of painting and cared lees, "that is a Vela- squez, valued for probate at £3,000-no," referring to the catalogue and reading. "I beg your pardon, the next is the Velasquez ; that is a Rembrandt in the master's best style, showing all his wonderful mastery over light and shade. It was valued for probate at 4,000 guineas." "Four thousand guineas?" said Elizabeth, "fancy having a thing worth four thousand guineas hanging on a wall!" And as they went on. Elizabeth asking questions and Owen answering them by the help of the cata- logue, till, to Beatrice's relief, they came at length to the end of the pictures. Then they took some tea in the little sitting-room of the master of all this magnificence. Owen, to her great annoyance, sat opposite to Beatrice, staring at her with all his eyes while she drank her tea, with Effie sitting in her lap, and Elizabeth, observing it, bit her lip in jealousy. She had thought it well to bring her sister here ; it would not do to let Mr. Davies think she was keeping Beatrice out of his way, but his mute idol worship was trying to her feelings. After tea they went to the top of the tower, and Effie rejoiced in the view, which was very beautiful. Here Owen got a word with Elizabeth. "Your sister seems to be put out about some- thing," he said. "I daresay," she answered carelessly ; " Beatrice has an uncertain temper. I think she wanted to go out shooting with Mr. Bingham this afternoon." Had Owen been a less religions person he might have sworn ; as it was, he only said, "Mr. Bing- ham-it is always Mr. Bingham from morning to night! When is he going away?" "In another week, I believe, Beatrice will be sorry, I think ; she makes a great companion of him. And now I think that we had better be get- ting home," and she went, leaving this poisoned shaft to rankle in his breast. After they had returned to the vicarage and Beatrice had heard Effie her prayers and tucked her up in her small white bed, she went down to the gate to be quiet for a little while before supper. Geoffrey had not yet come in. It seemed a lovely autumn evening; the sea seemed to sleep, and the little clouds, from which the sunset fires had paled, lay like wreaths of smoke upon the infinite blue sky. Why had not Mr. Bingham come back, she wondered ; he would scarcely have time to dress. Supposing that an accident had happened to him. Nonsense! what accident could happen? He was so big and strong he seemed to defy accidents ; and yet had it not been for her there would be little enough left of his strength to-day. Ah! she was glad that she had lived to be able to save him from death, There he came, looming like a giant in the evening mist. There was a small hand-gate beside the large one on which she leant. Geoffrey stalked straight up to it as though he did not see her ; he saw her well enough, but he was cross with her. She allowed him to pass through the gate, which he shut slowly, perhaps to give her an opportunity of speaking, if she wished to do so ; then, thinking that he did not see her, she spoke in her soft, musical voice. "Did you have good sport, Mr. Bingham?" "No," he answered shortly ; "I saw very little ; and I missed all I saw." "I am so sorry, except for the birds. I hate the birds to be killed. Did you not see me in this white dress? I saw you fifty yards away." "Yes, Miss Granger," he answered, "I saw you." "And you were going by without speaking to me, it was very rude of you-what is the matter?" "Not so rude as it was of you to arrange to walk out with me and then to go and see Mr. Davies instead." "I could not help it, Mr. Bingham ; it was an old engagement, which I had forgotten." "Quito so ; ladies always have an excuse for doing what they want to do." "It is not on excuse, Mr. Bingham," Beatrice answered, with dignity ; "there is no need for me to make excuses to you about my movements." "Of course not, Miss Granger ; but it would be more polite to tell me when you change your mind -next time, you know. However, I have no doubt that the Castle has attractions for you." She flashed one look at him and turned to go, and as she did so his heart relented; he grew ashamed. "Miss Granger, don't go ; forgive me. I do not know what has become of my manners, I spoke as I should not. The fact is, I was put out at your not coming. To tell the honest truth, I missed you dreadfully." "You missed me. That is very nice of you ; one likes to be missed. But, if you missed me for one afternoon, how will you get on a week hence when you go away and miss me altogether?" Beatrice spoke in a bantering tone, and laughed as she spoke, but the laugh ended in something like a sigh. He looked at her for a moment, looked till she dropped her eyes. "Heaven only knows!" he answered, sadly. "Let us go in," said Beatrice, in a constrained voice ; "how chill the air has turned." CHAPTER XV.-ONLY GOODNIGHT. FIVE more days passed, all too quickly, and once more Monday came round. It was the 22nd of October, and the Michaelmas Sittings began on the 24th. On the morrow, Tuesday, Geoffrey was to return to London, there to meet Lady Honoria and get to work at Chambers. That very morning, indeed, a brief, the biggest he had yet received-it was marked 30 guineas-had been forwarded to him from his chambers, with a note from his clerk to the effect that the case was expected to be in the special jury list on the first day of the sittings, and that the clerk had made an appoint- ment for him with the solioitors for 5.15 on the Tuesday. The brief was sent to him by his uncle's firm, and marked, "With you the Attorney-General and Mr. Candleton, Q.C." the well-known leader of the Probate and Divorce Court Bar. Never before had Geoffrey found himself in such honor- able company, that is on the back of a brief, and not a little was he elated thereby. But when he came to look into the case his joy abated somewhat, for it was one of the most perplexing that he had ever known. The will contested, which was that of a Yorkshire money- lender, disposed of property to the value of over £80,000, and was propounded by a piece of the testator who, when he died, if not actually weak in his mind, was in his dotage, and superstitious to the verge of insanity. The niece to whom all the property was left-to the exclusion of the son and daughter of the deceased, both married, and living away from home-stayed with the testator and looked after him. Shortly before his death, however, he and his niece had violently quarrelled on account of an intimacy which the latter had formed with a married man of bad repute, who was a discharged lawyer's clerk. So serious had been the quarrel that only three days before his death the testator had sent for a lawyer, and formally, by means of a codicil, deprived the niece of a sum of £2000 which he had left her, all the reat of his property being divided between his son and daughter. Three days afterwards, however, he duly executed a fresh will, in the presence of two servants, by which he left all his property to the niece, to the entire exclusion of his own children. This will, though very short, was in proper form, and was written by nobody knew whom. The servants stated that the testator before signing it was perfectly acquainted with its contents, for the niece had made him repeat them in their presence. They also declared, however, that he seemed in a terrible fright, and said twice, "It's behind me; it's behind me!" Within an hour of the signing of the will the testator was found dead, apparently from the effects of fear, but the niece was not in the room at the time of death. The only other remarkable circum- stance in the case was that the disreputable lover of the niece had been seen hanging about the house at dusk, the testator having died at ten o'clock at night. There was also a further fact. The son, on receiving a message from the niece that his father was seriously worse, had hurried with extraordinary speed to the house, passing someone or something -he oould not tell what-that seemed to be run- ning, apparently from the window of the sick man's room, which was on the ground floor, and beneath which footmarks were afterwards found. Of these footmarks two casts had been taken, of which photographs were forwarded with the brief. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and in each case the little joint of the third toe of the right foot seemed to be missing. But all attempts to find the feet that made them had hitherto failed. The will was contested by the next of kin, for whom Geoffrey was one of the counsel, upon the usual grounds of undue influence and fraud ; but as it seemed at present with small prospect of success, for, though the circumstances were suspicious enough, there was not the slightest evidence of either. This curious case, of which the outlines are here written, is briefly set out, because it proved to be the foundation of Geoffrey's enormous practice and reputation at the Bar. He read the brief through twice, thought it over well, and could make little of it. It was perfectly obvious to him that there had been foul play some- where, but he found himself quite unable to form a workable hypothesis. Was the person-if it was a person-who had been seen running away con- cerned in the matter? If so, was he the author of the footprints? Of course the ex- lawyer's clerk had something to do with it, but what? In vain, did Geoffrey cudgel his brains; every idea that occurred to him broke down somewhere or other. "We shall lose this," he said aloud in despair, suspicious circumstances are not enough to upset a will, and then, addressing Beatrice, who was sitting at the table, working : "Here, Miss Grander, you have a smattering of law, see if you can make anything of this,'' and, he pushed the heavy briof towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh, and for the next three-quarters of an hour her fair brow was puckered up in a way quaint to see. At last she finished and shut the briof up. "Let me look at the photographs," she said. Geoffrey handed them to her. She very carefully examined first one and then the other, and as she did so a light of intelligence broke out upon her face. "Well, Portia, have you got it?" he asked. "I have got something," she answered. "I do not know if it is right. Don't you see, the old man was superstitious ; they frightened him first of all by a ghostly voice or some such thing into signing the will, and then to death after he had signed it. The lawyer's clerk prepared the will - he would know how to do it. Then he was smuggled into the room under the bed, or some- where, dressed up as a ghost perhaps. The sending for the son by the niece was a blind. The thing that was seen running away was a boy-those footprints were made by a boy. I have seen so many thousands on the sands here that I could swear to it. He was attracted to the house from the road, which was quite near, by catching sight of something unusual through the blind ; the brief says there were no curtains or shutters. Now look at the photographs of the footprints. See in No. 1, found outside the window, the toes are pressed down deeply into the mud. The owner of the feet was standing on tip-toe to get a better view! But in No. 2, which was found near where the son thought he saw a person running, the toes were spread out quite wide. That is the footprint of some one who was in a great hurry. Now it is not probable that a boy had anything to do with the testator's death. Why, then, was the boy running so hard? I will tell you : because he was fright- ened at something he had seen through the blind. So frightened was he, that he will not come forward, or answer the advertisements and inquiries. Find a boy in that town who has a joint missing on the third toe of the right foot, and you will soon know all about it." "By Jove," said Geoffrey, "what a criminal lawyer you would make! I believe that you have got it. But how are we to find this boy with the missing toe- joint? Every possible inquiry has already been made and failed. Nobody has seen such a boy, whose defiencty would probably be known by his parents or schoolfellows." "Yes," said Beatrice, "it has failed because the boy has taken to wearing shoes, which indeed he would always have to do at school. His parents, if he has any, would perhaps not speak of his disfigurement, and no one else might know of it, especiallyif he weeo a new-comer in the neighbour- hood. It is quite possible that he took off his boots in order to creep up to the window. And now I will tell you how I should set to work to find him. I should have every bathing place in the river running through the town-there is a river- care- fully watched by detectives. In this weather" (the autumn was an unusually warm one) "boys of that class often paddle and sometimes bathe. If they watch close enough, they will probably find a boy with a missing toe joint among the number," "What a good idea," said Geoffrey. "I will telegraph to the lawyers at once. I certainly believe that you have got the clue." As it turned out afterwards Beatrice had got it ; her suppositions were right in almost every par- ticular. The boy, who proved to be the son of a pedlar who had recently come into tho town, was found wading, and by a clever trick, which need not be detailed, frightened into telling the truth, as he had previously frightened himself into hold- ing his tongue. He had even, as Beatrice conjec- tured, taken off his boots to creep up to the window, and as he ran away had, in his fright, dropped them into a ditch full of water. There they were found, and went far to convince the jury of the truth of his story. Thus it was that Beatrice's quick wit laid the foundations of Geoffrey's great success. This particular Monday was a field day at the Vicarage, Jones had proved obdurate ; no power on earth could induce him to pay the £34 11s 4d due on account of tithe. Therefore, Mr, Granger, fortified by a judgment duly obtained, had announced his intention of distraining upon Jones' hay and cattle, Jones had replied with insolent defiance. If any bailiff, or auctioneer, or audi people came to sell his hay, he would kill-him, or them. So said Jones, and summoned his supporters, many of whom owed tithe, and none of them wished to pay it, to do battle in his cause. For his part, Mr. Granger retained an auctioncer of undoubted courage, who was to arrive on this very afternoon supported by six policemen, and carry out the sale. Beatrice felt nervous about the whole thing, but Elizabeth was very determined, and the old clergy- man was now bombastic and now despondent. The auctioneer arrived duly by the one o'clock train. He was a tall able- bodied man, not unlike Geoffrey in appearance, indeed at twenty yards distance it would have been difficult to tell them apart. The sale was to take place at half-past two, and Mr. Johnson-that was the auctioner's name -went to the inn to get his dinner before proceed- ing to business. He was informed of the hostile demonstration which awaited him, and that an English member of Parliament had been sent down especially to head the mob; but being a man of mettle, pooh- poohed the whole affair. "All bark, sir," he said to Geoffrey, "all bark and no bite. I'm not afraid of these people. Why, if they won't bid for the stuff, I will buy it myself." "All right," said Geoffrey, "but I advise you to look out. I fancy that the old man is a rough customer." Then Geoffrey went back to his dinner. As they sat at the meal, through a gap in the fir trees they saw that the great majority of the population of Bryngelly were streaming up towards the scene of the sale, some to agitate, and some to see the fun. "It is pretty well time to be off," said Geoffrey. "Are you coming, Mr. Granger?" "Well," answered the old gentleman, "I wished to do so, but Elizabeth thinks that I had better keep away. And, after all, you know," he added airily, "perhaps it is as well for a clergyman not to mix himself up too much in these temporal matters. No, I want to go and see about some pigs at the other end of the parish, and I think that I shall take this opportunity." "You are not going, Mr. Bingham, are you?" asked Beatrice in a voice which betrayed her anxiety. "Oh, yes," he answered, "of course I am. I would not miss the chance for worlds. Why, Beecham Bones is going to be there, the member of Parliament who has just done his four months for inciting to outrage. We are old friends ; I was at school with him. Poor fellow he was mad even in those days, and I want to chaff him." "I think that you had far better not go, Mr. Bingham," said Beatrice ; "they are a very rough set.'' "Everybody is not so cowardly as you are," put in Elizabeth. "I am going at any rate." "That's right, Miss Elizabeth," said Geoffrey; "we will protect each other from the revolutionary fury of the mob. Come it is time to start." And so they went, leaving Beatrice a prey to melancholy forebodings. She waited in the house for the best part of an hour making pretence to play with Effie. Then her anxiety got the better of her ; she put on her hat and started, leaving Effie in charge of the servant Betty. Beatrice walked quickly along the cliff till she came in sight of Jones's farm. From where she stood she could make out a great crowd of men, and even, when the wind turned towards her, catch the noise of shouting. Presently she heard a sound like the report of a gun, saw the crowd break up in violent confusion, and then cluster together again in a dense mass. "What could it mean?" Beatrice wondered. As the thought crossed her mind, she perceived two men running towards her with all their speed, followed by a woman. Three minutes more and she saw that the woman was Elizabeth. The men were passing her now. "What is it?" she cried." "Murder!" they answered with one voice, and sped on towards Bryngelly. Another moment and Elizabeth was at hand, horror written on her pale face. Beatrice clutched at her. "What is it?" she cried. "Mr. Bingham," gasped her sister. "Go and help ; he's shot dead!" And she too was gone, Beatrice's knees loosened, her tongue clave to the roof of her mouth ; the solid earth spun round and round. "Geoffrey killed! Geoffrey killed!" she cried in her heart ; but though her ears seemed to hear the sound of them, no words came from her lips. Oh, what should she do? Where should she hide herself and her grief?" TO BE CONTINUED. 