A TALE OF THE TU11F. The Stable Boy's Story. Bui T know I'm right, sir ; a man can't be hangmg about raceeoii: sc.- and ! .-tabl',-yai,ds Lie thirty ycar without seeing and hearing s..ino queer things. J think. tln'Ugh, 1 lint the rmnmiest go that ever happened <u me was when 1 was quite a youngster', and if ynu rdallv want, a st -rv I'll do my best to tell you all about it. "As a lad T was apprenticed to Jacob Field, private trainer to Squire- Dovereux. and a better master I never found afterwards. The old Squire, too, was one of the right sort, and exery one of ns hoys fell a choking sensation in the throat when the nexvs reached us line day that he bad passed in his checks. \- " What would happen to the stables f none of us knew, for his soli and heir. 4 Dare devil Dick,' a t hey used to call him, was one of the wildest young rascals that ever lived, and it was pretty freely whispered that he had verv nearly mortgaged his estates before he came int- them. " However, things went on much as before, and at the time we had a prelly good lot of horses. Master Dick did j no particular harm by the heavy sums j he used to gamble on tlie animals which carried his colours. "One colt in particular did the stable several very good turns — a youngster of the old Squire's own j breeding named Mayfnir. We were I all cock-a-hoop, T can tell you, when j on the occasion of his first appearance i as a three-year-ohl he ran second for i the Prince of Wales' Stakes at Ascot, j and afterwards won race after race j at our local meeting in Yorkshire- j " The voting Squire must, have j made quite a pot of money over this eolt alone, as he stood him for tremen dous stakes every time he ran. SI ill', nothing could keep pace with his ex travagance, and he always had Deve- reux Court full of visitors from London — loud-voiced, flashily-dressed men for the. most part — while the few women that came on the scene would probahly have had a difficulty in pro ducing their marriage certificates. ' " Foremost amongst his visitors were several crabby looking men loaded with diamonds, and these, it -was shrewdly suspected, were the gentlemen who had been so obliging to Master Dick in the matter of bills. If soy" they helped him to spend the money they lent him pretty freely, and the doings at Dex'ereux Court came to be the talk of half the country. " Things had been going on at this rate for some time, and by the worried look on the young Squire's face we could tell that the time was coming when there would be a smash. There was, however, a chance of recouping himself, as Mayfair— who, by the live, was the horse T looked after — had been entered for the Great Ebnr, and so well had he been doing in his pre paration that old Jacob, and everybody . else connected with the stables, did nor believe it possible for him to he beaten. " In the opinion of the public, however, there were two in it. The other was a five-year-old brown mare belonging 1o Lord Zelland. whose spotted jacket is alwaxs so popular in Yorkshire, and the pair was almost equal favorites in the betting. Palm Floxver, as tlie mare was called, was certainly a first-class performer, and in addition to having won this race as a three-year old, and gaining distinc tion in " other events, she had been placed forrjquite half the long-dis tance races- of the season. " The young Squire took the greatest interest in Mavfair's progress, and scarcely a day passed without his call ing over- to the stables to have a look at the .colt. AVe all thought he was goinij ft'-' raker this time, and — for xve all liked Master Dick, despite his faults — hoped he would he able to put himself straight by means of his success. " One day, as I was rubbing Mayfair down after his morning gallop, old Jacob Field came into the box, and in a serious tone said — " 4 Have you had anybody here wanting to look at tlie horse. Jack ? ; Anv of those money-lending fellows, I j mean ?" ! 44 4 No, sir,' I replied, somewhat astonished at the question. 'Do you mean some of the governor's friends from the Court ?' " 4 Friends he hanged !' was old Jacob's angry reply. 4 Why they'd rob their own fathers and mothers if they- had the chance. One of 'em's been haiuring about here lately, and it j strikes' me he moans mischief. Don't let 'em. get their foot over the stable under anv pretence, and if they try the game on let me know.' Of course I readily promised to do so, but neirertheless thought little of the matter, and was considerably sur prised when the next morning one or the vorv men opened the door of Mav fair's box, and was making his way in when I roughly barred his progress. 4 1 only wanted to see how the horse is getting on, my lad," he said, eyeing me cunningly. 44 Come ; let's have a look at him."' But neither his persuasions, nor the offers of money which lie made, would tempt me. and 1 gruffly replied that I had mv orders to obey, which were not to let anybody -into the stable under any pretence. Then he tried to frighten , me by threatening to report iffy insolence to the Squire, hut finding niitbing 'would move me ex cut rally took his departure, looking as mad as a wild beast. Of course, T told Jacob Field all about the visit, and lie reported the matter to the Squire-. From what I learnt afterwards, however, the latter look the matter verv quietly, and said ihaf.it was quite right to keep a strict watch, though he didn't, think his friend" meant anv harm. . " But they shan't get anigh him, i-e'er a one of 'cm," said oid Jacob, after telling uie the result of the in terview. "They shouldn't even if the Squire, told me to let 'em. Mayfair goes worse and worse in the " betting, and I'm as certain they mean -mischief as 1 am that my name's Field. Jack" he added, looking rue 'full in t he face, "1 think you're to be trusted. In flit nre,. until the race, is over, von shall sleep in the saddle-room and then no body can get at the horse without your knowing about it." " Being rather proud of' the coiifi- .dence placed in me I readily assented1, and xvith (he aid of a good tire — for the .nights xx ere cold, though it was only September — a pipe, and a liberal supply ef beer, 1 managed to get aloiig pretty comfortably. 1 generally had two or three of the Iher iads in for a few hours before tfey turned in, and one night four of us were sitting play ing a quiet rubber of whist when the door opened, and who should appear at the entrance but: the- Squire, accom panied bv someone whose fa-, e I couldn't see for the shadow. ' ' Don't move my lads,' he said, in his cheeriest: tone. ' Don't let us dis turb you. AVe only looked in to see everything was all right as we were, passing. Goodnight.' ' "" 44 So saying be was off again. Al though unusual, the visit did not cause us much surprise, as it xvas only natu ral he should feel anxious about May- fair being well looked after, particu larly as the sporting papers, evidently' folloxving ihe market, were printing all sorts of rumors to his detriment. AVe 11, time xvent on, and it xvas noxv the day before the race. Nothing more had been seen ol the Squire's friends, and with Mayfair in the pink of condition everybody connected xviih ihe stables xvas cock-sure of his suc cess. Somehow, however, the Squire did not seem so confident as he had been at first, and old Jacob, who had made quite a friend of me, said Mas ter Dick xvas afraid Palm Floxver would heat him." A\re couldn't anyway understand the way tlie horse xvent in the betting, for though it xvas the eye of the race, and we knew he was as xvell as couid be, odds of 10 to I xx-ere to be had for the asking. The jockey xvho was go ing to have the mount had been for merly, attached to our stables, and told me himself he was dc-lighted at the way the colt carried him in his last gallop, and thought ho was sure to win easity. Old Jacob Field looked very'anxioxs as he came into the saddle-room that night , just as I xvas preparing to make myself comfortable mi'il morning. "Jack," he said, "do you thick you can manage to keep awake all night ? I don't think 1 shall be able to sleep myself. I'm certain there's some devilment in the wind, but I must be fresh in the morning, and it don't much matter about you. I'll send you in another jug of beer and plenty of " baecv." " Oh ; I can manage that all rigid'," xvas my reply. " AY hat xvith reading the paper and one thing or the other, I can kee a-t-b ng til! the morning." With one or two other instructions, and a final " Don't go io sleep, mind," he took his departure. In a foxv minutes one of the lads brought me the promised refreshment, so I stirred up 1 lie fire and prepared to enjoy myself as xvell as J could xvith one or txvo old numbers of Bell' a Life , which the trainer had thoughtfully added. I'd scarcely settled down when there comes a knock-at the door, xvhich J had locked, and on opening it in walked the Squire, lookinsr, I thought, very pale and queer, but this I put down to the faet that he had been drinking hard, as usual. After inquiring if Mayfair was all right, he walked to the table and laugh ingly examined the pistol. In so do ing he somehow or other upset the candle, and I had to turn round to the fire to relight: it. He didn't stop manv minutes, and as he turned to leave be said- — " I think I shall leek you in, Jack, and put the key in my pocket. Then, if anybody wants to get at you or Mayfair, they'll have to come through the key- hide, and only the devil or a ghost can do that. Good night !" ! I didn thalf like the idea or being made a prisoner in this fashion, but couldn't see xvhat objection to make, and before I had an opportunity of collecting my thoughts I heard the key turned in the lock, and he was g-um, < AYell, T resolved to make the best of it, so refilling my pipe and taking a good pull at the beer, 1 - settled down again to my reading. After half an hour or so of this, however, I felt a sort of drowsiness coming" over me, any the pipe fell out of my mouth. "Hallo! Jack, old man," .1 said to myself, " this won't do at all, you know " and I forthwith got up and began walking about the room. Stili I couldn't shake off the desire to sleep, and my knees began to tremble under me. I fought very hard against it, but at length I dropped into my chair and fell into a state of stupor. How long I remained like this I do not know, but when I regained niv senxes the candle had effher gone or been blown out, aud the place was in almost total darkness. Looking round as 1 collected my wits about me I xvas horr .l-strui k to find the door of com munication bet xveon tlie sa Idie-ruom and Mayfaii-'s box was wide open. I had scarcely made that discovery- when a figure., clad iii ;i long cl- -ale, xvith the tint well drawn over 1 he face, tilled lip the aperture,; and began to inoxe tu- xvards the mitei door. -. Quick as thought 1 picked up the pistol and- pulled- the trigger. No re port followed, however.-. Then, half dazed as I xvas, I; threw . myself upon .my visitor, ancl a short struggle en sued." Scarcely had I got f Any hands at his throat, xvheit a sudden move-, mcnt of the hat disclosed his feat ures, and I staggered back, with amaze ment. .. If waff lie Squire himself ! " AYhyy JiVck," he said, " you nearly throti led me. It xvas only a trick of mine to try your pluck. Here's a lini-pinnid iuite for you, but mind not ! to Si.y a word about it, and you shall never xvant money." . Before. I cmu Id reply he 'had gone, and in a fexv. minutes I was asleep again. Shortly after daxvn I xvas rudely 'a wakened', by old Jacob Field shaking, me by; the shoulder. lie could see at a glance that something xvas wrong, and in ansxver to his en quiries I fold him as xvell as I could all t hat had happened. He did not 'wait for me to finish be fore lie xvas in the stable examining i the colt, and though to mc Alayfair j appeared right enough, he shook his head as he turned away. - f " A\'e must iceep this night's busi ness to. -ourselves,; my buy ; ; but Palm FJoxvef Will win to-morrow." And he xvas right. Mayfair, who, could scarcely raise a gallop, 'was beaten off before half 'the -distance had been covered, ami- walked back to. the paddock. The Squire pretended to be in an awful slate, and swore he'd lori thousands, but old Jacob and .me knew, better. He'd hocussed the colt him self, same as ho did my bee-r, and backed the oilier horse to win thousands.": AYe never .knew the exact rights of the story, but guessed that some of his "friends" wanted Mayfair out of the way, and persuaded the Squire to make him safe, and thus lie sure of a- certainty by hacking Palm Flower. You'll say it xvas a' rum thing for nil. owner to -nobble his own horse; ' but then sonic of the knowing ones j doubled if he could beat Palm Floxver especially as the latter xvas such a wonderful stayer, and x\;e found out afterxvards the Sq'ui.'e's affairs were in such a dreadful state lie Couidii't afford to rislv'anything. . Txvelve months .afterxvards bailiffs wertv put in possession of Diver a ux Court, and Master Dick .'blew his brains out. Tic had made no 'will, else Jacob Field and I might have had a legacy, though after all claims were paid I don't think there xxas much left fur the uext-o'-kiii." 