No Tell-Tale Wauled. Young Lady (at bird-store): “Has Ibis parrot any accomplishments ?” Proprietor: “fie can speak a little, but he’o tco old to learn, anything now.” • Young Lady (hesitatingly): “ Would bo imitate any sounds ho might hear, such as a sneezo, or a cough, or anything oi that kind ?” , Proprietor: “ No. The girls were trying tiro other day to tecoh hint to imitate the sound of a kiss, but be wouldn’t do it." Young Lady (decidedly): “ I'll take him.” Claws in the will—Fingers of the lawyers. “ Is that your domostio ?’’ “ No; sho is my imported.” Nhcessity is the molber of invention, and likewiea the father of Iiee.” Is tbs boys do not ties the misses, then the girls wili miss the kieses. Ii is the man who ia too ini! for utterance who never knows when ho’e loaded. Man is oftrn forider of bis dogs than he is o! bis kin; but, then, a dog ean never con test a will.” “ I think watering wins is a gross swindle.” “ So it ia—but Banding sugar is a grocer ewindlc.” First Fisherman : 11 What luck ?” Second. Fisherman: “None at all; caa’6 get the cork out.” . . 5‘ “ Say, mamma, ain't wo made of dust ?’’ “Yes, dear,” “Well, why don’t wo get muddy when va drink?” “Don’t you get tired of this dc-nolbing life ?'' Ysp.3, very; but trade i3 vulgar ond suicide is criminal. What can I do ?” He (cautiously): “ What would you toy, darling, it I should atk you to ba my wile?” Darling (even more cautiously) : “Aik me and find out.” Reporter : “ Hava you seen Patti this morning ? ’ Elevator Boy :11 Yes ; I eaw her sud raised her.” Editii : “It's the lit tie things that tell in tbis life." Aiice : “ Well, you’d tbink^so if you bad two small brothers, as I have.” First Housekeeper : “ What is your idea oi the height o£ sarcasm ?” Seoond House keeper . “ Celling servants‘help.’” ' He : “And where are you going next?’ She (Clock's tourist) : " Milan.” “ Why, you are in Milan now.” “Obi are we? Weil, then, Genova.” bliss Felt: “Jack is attracted by Miss Giltei’s money rather than by her personal charms, isn’t he ?’’ Miss Bunnor : " I judge so. I heard him speak oi her the ether day as his fiiia/'Wc. ” Colonel Aricins (of Denver) : “Yeung man, what was that dose you gave me afore you yanked th’ tooth'?’’ Toe Dentist: “ Cocaine and whisky, sir.” Colonel Arkins: “ Pull some more 1" She: "Shakespeare is simply marvel lous.” “He is, indeed. Even the names he gives bis minor characters have a deep signi ficance. Look at Pistol, for instance. Ha was always loaded.” “ I have noticed,” remarked Dolley, “ that the women who have the smallest feet poe sees also the ’ most acute eenee of humor.”. “Iwonder why?” replied Miss Amy, ooyly pushing her loot forward a triilp.- “ Because brevity is the soul of wit,” Mbs. Jinks : “ I deolare 1 Alice Smith is ». to be married 1 It is frightful tho way gill* marry nowadays. A woman .should never think oi it until sho has reached the age of discretion.” Mr. Jinks“ In other words, you would have them stay single-all their lives.’’. “ So that fellow Brown married the popu. ir.r Miss Jones, and aha had a dozen better men at her feet.” “ Yes, and he calls, her ' E plutibus unarm’ ” “' E plurifcuo unum !’ What does he mean by that ?” •’ Won from many. Brown ia a Latin scholar; don’t you Bum (the ehioken-boirbwei): ‘-.Fo’ 4* good Lawd. Miatah Ghost, luff nap go dw . ■ . time en I nebbe-i come heah r.gih l” _ Mr;’-. Coopley (of the Georgia, pine-distriot): “ G'long 1 I hain't no ghost. They wor a iar-’n-featherin’ bee last night, en th olo woman’s made me stay out byar tut th effects wear off.” A man says he came across three rats in the road seme time ago and all of them had hold o£ a straw, travelling along. He declares that the two outside rats were leading the centre one, which was blind. That would be a better Btory if rats were not furnished by nature with excellent tow-lines of their own. What Chappie says: “It’s the queerest thing, you know; I called on Miss Hankin son, of Geelong, la6t night, and that Chubb was there. I hadn’t been in the room ten minutes, when Chubb offered to bet Miss Hankinson that I couldn’t go down to tho Battery and back in two hours. Sho took the bot, and I started. 1 did it in an hour and forty minuter; bat when I got baok to the house Chubb had gone homo ond Miss Hankinson had retired.” - Flqtt, tho volunteer, left the barraoks without permission. As the young man is a general favorite, his corporal determined, if possible, to shield him from punishment. . Accordingly, ha wrapped a sweeping- brush in a blanket and laid it in the volunteer’s bed. The officer on duty, who is rather short-sighted, eoon after went tho round of the beds until ho came to Flptt’B. ‘‘Who lies there ?” he asked the corporal. “ Volun teer FioH,” was tho reply. “ Flott, eh t Tho disorderly fellow is to intent on pleasura that ho totally neglects him-elf.” (The cor poral trembles in the belief that the Laud iu discovered.) “You may tell Volunteer ‘ Flott to-morrow to get his hair cut. Good sight," 5W®. 