Humour. Give no more to ev'ry guest Than he's able to digest; Give him always of the prime. And but little at a time. Stranger—Haven't you anything better than 5-cent cigars? Country Storekeeper (astounded)—Hi, Jimmy, run down to the Indicator office an' tell them Mister Wen- derbilt is 'n town. Woman (to tramp who has eaten a whole mince pie)—You seem to have a good appetite. Tramp (with tears in his eyes)—Yes, madam, that is all I have left in the world which I can rightly call my own. A GOOD TIME. If you and I—just you and I— Should laugh instead of worry; If we should grow—just you and I— Kinder and sweeter hearted— Perhaps in some near by and by, A good time might get started, Then what a happy world 'twould be For you and me—for you and me! Poor Diet—'What do you live on down here, anyway?' asked a hungry Northerner in Florida of a native the other day 'Waal,' drawled the Floridian, 'In the summer we live on fish and yams, and in the winter we live on sick Yankees.' Testy Old Gent—'Huh! Do you think you can support my daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed?' Young Suitor—'Well, no; but I can support her in the style to which her mother was accustomed for a good many years after she mar- tied you.' (Subdued)—'Take her, my son and be happy.' Archdeacon Farrar's son, now at the University, is quite a wit. While he was in Philadelphia he was lionized a good deal. One evening at dinner a rather fresh young lady turned to him and said: 'Your father is one of the big guns of England, is he not, Mr. Farr?' 'He was at one time,' 'He was a canon, you know GOOD ADVICE. If you worry when there's trouble, You but make the trouble double— Do not fret. Bear up bravely, dont cry, baby, And remember that you maybe Happy yet. Sing the blithest song you knew of, And wait a better throw of Fortune's dice. Hard it may be to be merry, But you'll own that this is very Good advice: It does not take a very hard hit to knock some people silly. Before arithmetic was invented people multiplied on the face of the earth. Love is an excuse for a woman to tell you all her troubles. The greatest of all poetry is a girl's first love letter. Landladies are famous gossips; the pay great attention to roomers. It is considered a pretty serious charge to bring against a woman to say that she means all she says. Poor woman; if her husband sneezes he wakens the baby, and if the baby cries it wakens him. A sulky girl may sometimes be cured by taking her in a buggy with a seat just wide enough for two. An old maid she wished she was an auc- ioneer, for it would be perfectly proper to say. 'Make me an offer. Interesting Business. A barrister trying to serve his client by throwing suspicion upon a witness in a case in the course of cross-examination, said— 'You have admitted that you were at the prisoner's house every night during this time?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the witness. 'Were you and he interested in any busi- together?' ' Well,' answered the man, hesitatingly, 'Yes.' 'Ah! Now, will you be good enough to tell us how and to what extent, and what the nature of this business in which you and he were interested?' 'Well, I have no objection to telling,' was the reply. 'I was courting his daughter.' The beautiful in art—a pretty face in the latest style of bonnet. Nothing makes one more uncomfortable than to be stared at by a glass eye. Stranger (in the country)—'Sonny, where can I get a drink?' Sonny—'Down to ou horse trough.' There is no law to prevent people who de- sire statues from leaving money behind to pay for them, provided they have it. The philosopher is like the moon—his brightness is due to reflection. He is not always bright when he is full, however. We all know that it is wrong to talk about people behind their backs; but talking about a man in front of his back is not so easy. 'It is easier for some people to write their memoirs,' remarked Goggles, 'than it is to find readers for them after they are written.' Speaking of the what-would-you-do-if- you-were-a-man question, it was an unfeeling woman who said she supposed she would make a fool of herself just like any other man. 'Don't be too severe on the man who scolds his wife in public. Perhaps that is the only time he dares to do so. 'Had you sir,' said Harry Brown to a dilatory tradesman, 'been to build the ark, we should not have had the Flood yet.' Mrs. Smithington—'Oh! Mr. Tibkin, you are always so kind in coming to see me off.' Little Tipkin—'Not at all; it is always a pleasure. I do detest a man that's close, And, furthermore, a day; But if a pretty girl is close I feel the other way. Young Wife—'I'm putting up preserves every day now, Harry.' Young Husband (aloud)—'May God bless and preserve you, my darling! (aside) and me too.' 'Do the Irish make broth of their children?' asked Freddie. 'What makes you ask?' said his papa. 'Why, I heard Mr. Rafferty say something about a 'broth of a boy.' 'Talk of mothers-in-law and sons-in-law not agreeing,' remarked Titmarsh; 'my mother-in-law and I agree. She says I ought never to have married her daughter, and I coincide with her.' 'Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres are superstitious?' asked a travelling man of a manager. 'Do I think so? I know it. I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk.' Prospective Father-in-law—'How do you expect to get along without a salary if you are going to get married?' Young Smiley Bas- ker—'That is not the point—how am I to get along if I don't get married?' Friend (to young author)—'Your new volume of poems is very nice, but don't you think three shillings is rather a high price?' Young Author—'No, indeed, I don't. 'Why, you won't get a decent copy of Shakespeare under half-a-crown.' 'Why that far-away look, dear?' he said, tenderly. 'Are you gazing into the future, and contemplating the restful happiness which is coming to you and me, love?' 'No' George,' she replied, dexterously suppressing a yawn, 'I was merely looking at the clocks.' GOSPEL FOR THE SMALL BOY. Oh,'Johny-jump-up,' don't forget The longest lives are lives of laughter— Consider all the times you've set For ills that haven't happened yet; There's no occasion for regret. Or worry until after. Magistrate—'The young woman says that your continued staring at her annoyed her excessively.' Prisoner—'I never intentionally annoyed a woman in my life, your honour.' Magistrate—'Then why did you stare at her so persistently?' Prisoner—'Because she is pretty, and I couldn't help it,' Young woman—'Let him go, judge.' Edward (fishingly)—'I think of going to the Cannibal Islands as a missionary, Cicely, but you have only to say one little word to bid me stay, darling.' Cicely (after a mo- ment's thought)—'And did the horrid things eat the last missionary, Edward?' Edward (eagerly)—'Yes, Cicely, yes; they left noth- ing but the bones.' Cicely—'Oh, how ex- citing! Yes, I think that it is your duty to go, Edward.' The following is an extract from a real composition written by a small school-boy: —The subject given by the teacher was the extensive one of 'man.' Here's what the small boy wrote:—'Man is a wonderful ani- mal. He has eyes, ears, and mouth. His ears are mostly for catching cold in and having the earache. The nose is to get sniffles with A man's body is split half-ways up, and he walks on the split ends.' 'My dear,' said a gentleman to his wife, 'where did all these books come from?' 'You know you said this morning that we ought to study astronomy, and I went to a bookstall and bought everything I could find on the subject.' It was some minutes before he spoke. 'My dear,' he then said, his voice husky with emotion, 'I never said we most study astronomy—I said we must study economy.' 'Thomas, if my wife asks you where I am tell her I have gone to the opera.' Servant— 'Certainly, sir, certainly; but where are you really going, in case anybody should want to know?' Nowadays the young men of the period don't go down on their knees in nervous agony before their future wives. They hold a solitaire diamond ring above their heads and the girls jump for it. Needed, coaching.—Young farmer (apolo- getically)—'I know I'm a perfect bear in my manners, Miss Edna.' Sweet sixteen (hesita- tingly)—'No, you're not; you—you never hugged me yet.' 'So your old uncle is dead, Charley?' 'Yes, died yesterday.' He was a very eccentric old fellow. Do you think he was altogether right in his head?' 'Well—er—I couldn't say, you know, till the will is read. 'Your son has settled down and married, I understand?' 'Yes to the best and most submissive little lady in the world.' 'How came he to be so fortunate?' 'Oh, he married a typewriter, one who was used to being dictated to.' Fond Mamma—Oh, uncle, you should see our darling when I play the piano; He just listens by the hour,and when I cease playing the nurse has to take him away, he cries so awfully.' Cynical uncle—'Perhaps—aw—my dear, he —aw—weeps for—aw—joy.' Young widow—'Mr. Preachly, will you marry me?' Mr Preachly—'Well, really, Mrs. Buckner, this is so sudden and——' Young Widow—'Oh, well take your time to think it over. Mr. Harkins and I thought we'd like to have you perform the service for us.' Mrs. Gibblegabble—'Doctor, there is something the matter with my tongue; it pains me badly at times, and I don't know what to do for it.' Physician—'Place a little cotton pillow under it between meals; it may be tired and needs a rest.' Mrs. Gibblegabble —'But I couldn't talk then.' Physician— 'That is why I prescribe the pillow.' 'You advertised for a boy.' 'Yes, Do you want a place?' 'Yes, sir.' 'Do you whistle?' 'No, sir.' 'Do you carve your name on desks and benches!' 'No sir.' 'Do you play ball during office hours?' 'Oh, no sir! Never.' 'I'm sorry. You won't do. I wanted a boy, and individuals who do not behave as I have indicated are not boys.' The great difficulty about advice is the pre- dominance of quantity over quality. When a man's temper gets the best of him it reveals the worst of him. An observation found in the album of a French 'psychologue'—the husband of a pretty woman is never sympathetic. Mabel—Amy, what has become of your Anti-Slang Society. Amy—Oh, it's in the soup. When a young man with plenty of sand marries a young woman with plenty of rocks there is no reason why their house should not stand. It Tickled Him—Friend—Are you happy? Spirit (through medium)—Perfectly so. Friend—What has pleased you most since you left us? Spirit—The epitaph on my tombstone It both amaze and delights me. A bad habit is like a cat in that it has many lives, and like a cat you will have to kill it nine times before you are sure it is dead. 