A3IUSING. Awkward Miss (witii - an umbrella)— Beg -- pardon! Polite Gentleman— Don't mention it. X have anotlier left eye. • * " Alary," said Mrs Brown to the new liired giii. " can you make a good cake ?" 'Tm just learning, ma'am." " XV ell,you may experiment this afternoon. If tire cake is good we'll keep it; if not, send it to tlie church social." Eastern Kentucky Justice of the Peace—I fine you five dollars for con tempt o' Colit, sab. Attendant—On wliat grounds, your lionor ? Justice of the Peace—XTou took tlie constable out jes a while ago and treated liim, an' never said a word to the Coht. " I'll have to adjourn this police court," said the mistress of the house us_ she descended into the kitchen. And in a few minutes Constable Mulligan was twirling his baton in the street and the housemaid was dusting the furniture. " XVhere were you this afternoon ? " asked a Chicago man of his wife. " I've been out calling." "XVhere did you go ?" " I called on Mrs Broiue." "Alii" "Yes; and I called on Mrs Jones and Mrs Jenkins—by the way, where were you last night ?" "Wild AVesterner—In your hist paper you referred to me as a horse-thief, a murderer and a liar. Editor—AYell, what was there wrong about that ? AYild AVesterner—I don't see why you want to blast a mau's reputation with a state ment like that. I may be, as you claim, a horse-thief and a murderer, but, thank heaven, sir, I am no liar ! " Permit me to introduce myself," said the stranger in undress uniform to a crowd of Yassar girls in the college grounds. " I am Alaj or Xrandeearr, of the army." AVe arc pleased to know: a military man. Of the regular army,_ I suppose ?" said the leader. "Yes, miss; of the regular Salvation Army." And then the misses had business on the other side of the grounds. Cliargit: " Can I have this put down to my account r" Air. Tick: "Arcry sorry, sir, hut we don't know you." Cliargit (makinga trial elsewhere): "Put this down for me, please. You know me, I believe." Air. Hungup: "Alost un fortunately we do, sir. Sorry we can't accommodate you." Pugsley: "AVonder what's the mat ter with the mails. Something ought to he done to see that letters reach their destination." M'Jiggs: "XVliy, whats the trouble?" Pugsley: "That's just what I want to find out. I've been sending poetry to the new York maga zines regularly for the last six months, and not a line of it has been published yet. I'm going to write to AYiishington audfind out, if I can, where all my letters have gone to." Airs Pneumonic: " I was so provoked at the art museum to-day. There was a painting there which they told me was painted by a man by the name of Alurillo. If von believe me, it was only a copy of that beautiful ehromo of ours over the parlour mantel I I don't know who this Alurillo is, hut I think it's shameful that he should be allowed tbus to elicapcn works of art; and I didn't hesitate to let tlie peoxile know just bow Ifelt about j it." By thrift he bad become a millionaire and he had a splendid St. Bernard dog [ which he was very proud of. One day the servant came to him liorror-stvieken, "Alastcr, master! Csesar is " "Is what?" "Mad! He won't touch water, and he foams from tlie mouth constantly." " Great heavens! It is lucky you discovered it in time. You must not lose a minute. Take the ani mal at once, before he has bitten any one " "Yes, sir." "And sell him!" A general, on liis return from the wars, showed his family a regimental hag, all tattered and torn and riddled with bul lets, which he had captured from the enemy with his own hands. On the following morning the trophy was to he presented to the General Commanding in-ehief- XVhen be came to look for the hag liis industrious house-keeper brought it to him with a smile of proud satisfac tion, and said, " XVhat a. job I've had, hut X managed it; I nut -up ull night and mended that old hag, and it now looks nearly as good as new." XVillits: "SoPaulineGusliington, the poetess, is your wife, eh ? You're a luelcy dog. to he married to a woman who is so loving as she must he." Alillits: " I don't know about that. You see, she writes that kind of stuff for money. And she is not in the habit of talking shop in the domestic circle. Minister: "So you saw some boys fish ing 011 tlie Sabbatli, my boy ? Did you do anything to discourage them?" Small Boy: " Yes, sir, I stole their bait." "XVere you afraid I would say ' no'?" asked she who bad just said " j-es." "No," said be who bad been made happy; "it was not that. I was afraid I should make an idiot of myself, and that you'd say '110' and then tell Angela Jones all about it, thus spoiling all my chances with her," You have met him, no doubt—the man who bus made up bis mind to keep liis health good by eating the right sort of food in proper quantities and with the right kind of mastication. Besolution sits upon his brow, liis eyes turn scorn fully upon his fellow-men, and he deli berately sits in a restaurant, painfully working bis jaws trying to masticate a hard piece of brown bread. A'o luxuries of the table for him. This man at home is a nuisance to his wife; he buys fish which be eats for brains, and struggles in the morning with harsh oatmeal and some baked apples, chewing, chewing, chewing* while casting contemptuous glances around upon the disgusted people who are not so good, and who are not going to be so healthy as he is to be. He even turns bis toes out, abhors butter, and walks on the side of the street wliicb be considers the healthiest. His children get 110 candy, and Ms wife only receives a scolding because she docs not live up to the laws of health. He becomes pule, fretful, and morose, and says of a healthy man, " He lives for Ms stomach," while be is dying for Ms. " Johnnie," said a prominent mine operator to his youngest the other day, " I'll give you a dollar, if you'll dig up the front yard all ready for your sister's new garden." " All right," said Johnnie thoughtfully; " but I shall have to iisk for 20 per cent, of the contract price in advance. Hot as an evidence of good faith, but for working capital." " AVork —what do you mean ? " " AYell, you see, I guess I'll just bury the quarter some where, and tell all the hoys in tlie neigh borhood that a pirate Md some treasure round there. AYhen they strike' that quarter, they'll make the dirt fly, I can tell you. I11 that way I can clean np about 7J per cent. In fact I,— -" AYell, what?" "In fact I dqn't know but what I can also arrange so as to find that quarter myself. I'll work it just like that salted mine you were tel ling mamma about unloading on the street last night." . And the father wept tears of joy then as he thought what a cold day it would be for Jay and Bufns when Ms boy grew up. "Dots of advice has been given to smokers, but I'll tell yousometliing wMcli has never been written up and ought to be known." This was told a reporter in the Grand Pacific last evening by one of the biggest tobacco dealers in New York. " Come into the cigar store," he went on, "and you will notice that two out of three men will cough while light ing cigars." The first person who set lire to a cigar coughed qrnte violently. "Didn't I tell you?" exclaimed the lecturer. "Two out of three will do that." "It's caused by the smoke." "Never. XVhenyouare about to smoke cut off the mouth end of the cigar, put the smoke end in the month, and then blow. This expels all the fine particles of tobacco and dust inside the cigar. "When yon have done this reverse the ' torch,' and yon won't cough when lighting it. Those little bits of tobacco get down yourtliroat and are injurious. More people , have 'been injuria! by swallowing, those.little specks than you bare any idea of, yet they' ; think they rvere hurt by inhaling the smoke."' He—" "What are you. going to Europe for" She—" Frankly, to securb a hus band. And you ? " He—" To get away from my wife." Prince Albert Victor, second son of the Prince of "Wales, commonly, known, as " Collars and Cuffs," was a roystering blade at school. "When he was short of inODey, as was often the case, he would write to his august grandmother to help lihn out of his dilemma. The queen always answered his appeals for aid .with a kind letter of advice, but no money. On snclr occasions, Albert Victor would go out into the campus and sell the queen's autograph letter to the highest bidder. A large number of English families have such letters in their possession. Caleb Cushing once, at an evening party in Newburyport, attempting to make himself agreeable, it is to be pre sumed, said to a pretty, bright-eyed girlof seventeen or eighteen summers, and quite distinguished for her beauty and accom plishments in the circle of her young admirers: "Pray, Miss— , can vou tell me how love begins ? " And she in stantly replied, with a merry twinkle and a smile : ""Why, with L, of course," thus discomfiting the distinguished scholar and statesman. Thc subject changed too soon : Our landlady—" It's the strangest thing in the world ! Do you know, our dear old pet cat disappeared very suddenly yester day ? Excuse me, Mr ■ Rudolph; will you have another piece of mince-pie ? " Mr Rudolph (promptly)—" No, I thank you Jainser—" "What a wonderful old man De Tanque is for ■ a man who has always been a drunkard." Flauiscr —" He is somewhat advanced in and but the cause of it is plain." Jainser—'(I don't see it. Flainser—They're afraid to admit him to the next world for fear he'll swallow all the spirits.' Somebody has made a bid of two thousand kreutzers for the cask in which the body of the murdered coachman, Meyer, was conveyed from Denmark to New York and sent back. The barrel has not yet reached its destination, hut when it does arrive, it "will he taken to one of the hospitals, and the self-confessed murderer, Phillipsen, will be made to im pact it. "We speak of the sun'slight as colourless, says the author of "rfce Story of the Heavens," just as we speak of water as tasteless, hut both of these expressions relate rather to our own feelings than to anything really characteristic of water or of sunlight. "We regard the sunlight as colourless because it forms, as it were, the background on which all colours are depicted. The fact is, that white is so far from being colourless that it eonfcuns every liue known to us blended together in certain proportions. The _ sun's light is really extremely composite. Nature herself tells us this, if we will but give ber tbe slightest attention. "Whence come the beautiful hues with which we are all familiar? Look at the lovely tints o'f a garden; the red of the rose is not in tho rose itself. All the rose does is to grasp the sunbeams which fall upon it, extract from these beams the red which is in them, and radiate that red light into your eyes. Were there uotrcd rays commingled with the other rays in tha sumbeam, there could he no red rose to he seen by sunbglit. It is said that a new beadle of Tranent, not many years ago, received an order to liave a grave ready for a burial on tbe second day following. The morning arrived, and with it came intimation that the parties had changed their minds, and were to bury in a different church-yard. Terribly excited, the new man hurried off to the old man (his predecessor). " D'ye ken ouyhody that's deid, Jock ?" inquired he. " What's wrangnoo?" rejoined the old hand; "you lookasif you had seen a ghost." "No, hut I have a toom grave, and naebody to put intilt." " My con science," exclaimed he, " an empty grave and no a corpse for it. "Well, moiiy a time in my day the Doctor has sworn in his wrath to drive mo out o' the kirkyaird I fer not having the grave howkitwhen the corpse arrived, hut a ease like yours I never before heard tell o.' Noo, I dinna ken o' ouyhody deid, hut I ken that .Jenny M'l-eisli. o' the Auld "Wynd's dein'. Gang ower ana see if °n<= nwa' yet, and if she's no deid jist gang doon an' drive the Doctor's black soo intilt; when the mound's made the Doctor'll no ken the difference" Strange as it may appear, the black sow which used to run in the kirkyaird was amissing next day, and though a liberal reward was offered for the recovery of the stolen property, it was never discovered. A voiwg fellow was inquiring of officer Button a,tthe Third-street deput about the train for the north when the officer queried in return, " Didn't you come in this morning?" "Yes." "With a young woman ?" " Yes." "Thought so. I took you for a bridal couple." "Yes, so we were." " And you are going hack alone r" " That's what's the matter. AVc were married the day before yester day and came here on a tour. She was all right when we got here, hut in au hour we had a fuss. She wanted a diamond ring, and I couldn't buy it. Diamonds ! Just think of it! I got 25 dols* in cash and 20 acres of land, and expect to have to live on beans for the next six months to pull through." *4 And where is she now?" " Over at the hotel. I left her money to pay her and get home, and she can stay or come. Better have this thing decided at the start, you know. Some folks are built to wear diamonds, and some to cat johnny cake. I'm a johnny cakist. There's my train. If she comes in to bike next just see her aboard, hut don't en courage her any. It's a row to see who shall be boss, and tbe best man is going to win." An obligation which the council of agri cultural education is unable to meet is the re payment to the Government of £2205 granted tliein as a loan in 1SSS. The money was expended on improvements—drainage and reclamation works on the Tobin Yallock Swamp Reserve—one of the areas vested in the council. One half of the money had to be refunded hi 1SS9, and the other half rvas ducat the end-of 1S90. Mr Gillies lias granted an extension of time for the payment of the loan. 