Experience. Some boye liko Ibo maiden witb saucy bluo eye, Or lanoy tbo girl with gold bofr ; Sumo chops like tho lata of dirainaUre elzc. Or maid with a eobotarly slaro ; Sumo joutbB nro quite partial to tender, young dram, Or brcotics wbo weightily crash Hut men ore oonvioced tbro' tbe knowledge of years Toere'd nougbt like tbo ghl witb tho oath. ItronET for tho good thing oncnid never equals sftcr-mortification for tbe supposed good thing that falls Hat. She : " Uiss Hodoey always looks well for one who has eo littlo to drciifl on." lie: " Yes, she is rather thin," Elloitlt (consulting hlswatch) : " Is your watch going, B.-owoly?" Urowuiy (dtspon- dcnvl) : " Going I It's gone." "Will yon merry mo, Ethel?" said tha jouih ; " my family is oil that one cocld wish for—"' "Turn why do you want tl)tf?" Hack man: "Is the doctor ot homo?' Bridget: Yes, eir; he's cut in the bsnk. rard hiiliog a ebicken." UvcLtnan : " him in, 1'vo got bigger game." Mill Aosams: "An ou yonr poir, trsr hnnbant ccs dot. Vol bo rciiqnt-.'?" Mrs. Isaacs : " Yab, be vns vilUogv to go. Ho said dero vs no monoys in dcr n'oding pccei- ncRo conatnys." Manna: "Mamie, you mmtn't rrod tho ptprr in tho twilight. Y00M hurt your eight.' Maihfs f - 1 ju.«t wont to finish this article." Momma: "Whit is H nboat?" Mamio : "Tbo care of the eyes." ''Tina Is wkcra wo enrt our cannon," said." tho polite attendant, " How interesting f" sold tho sweet girt ; " And wliero do you blow your great gunu? Vvo heard & yachting friend of ruihe rpoak bf thai so often." "What can you do?'' n-ded the editor. " Well, I ovr/t write, and I cao't rdit, and I ftin'tgot no Jitirory jijilgjntnt ; but il ycr want a man that'll ell routolcto blame for., writin' Hhcls, I'm tbo feller ycr waot-iV sec?" SunvANT (at sweet girl's boudoir): "Mr, Nioetdlow is in tho parlor, miis." -Swcot ' Girl (throwing down hr r novel) : " Horrors I And my hair ie all down t Tell him he'll havo to wait a liuh>, u« I'm in tho kitchen helping mother." Mist Uobeddd: " Oh, well, you must , not blame her ; she Is one of the period," Bron- ton : " Period I Sho a girl oi tho period ? She doesn't know what a period is. Whv, she never stops talking except with nn ex clamation point." "Awn is tbat Liberty asked tho Immi grant, pointing to tbo ntatuo ax the vessel entered tbo harbor, " Yes," void tbe sailor, "that is Liberty." ' Then give mo death f" ori?d thu immigrant, and bo jumped over board. "GuonoB," she said, nfter sho bnd promised to bo his wife, " plcaso don't Announco our ergagcracnt until next week." " Why not,. darling ?" ho asked, tenderly. " Bsoauso I'm going to tbo theAtro with Henry on Fridav night.". . ' > " I have hero a story, a sort of Action, founded on fact," fahi the young man, dc« murely entering tbo funotura, "Wo arc over-stooked- with atoricB such as that," observed tbo editor, . baokwaye; " wlmt wowaut nro stories of faot, founded on fio- tioD," " Mrsa Boflunnn: "Hara you read How Mm Propose,' Mies Faseee ?" Miss PASeeo : Yes, What nonsensical traeb it Jb I Sj improbable 1" ' Hosebud : "Improbable?- Oh, no! Why, every ono of the hundrod and forty9ix propositi in tbat book is per fectly real." Eldkhlv Pautv (to small boy) : " Come, my little man, I gueflu you'll let mo bavo your s,nBU Doy: "Guess again." Elderly Party : "What I- You won't givo it . up? Wouldn't you give it up. to your father il be carno in ?" SmoilBoy: " You just b'et "" " your life I would. I.wouldu't rido withiuo ghost." " Comb, general," said Miss llisobud, "tell us tbe story of your achievements in tbe field. I do so love to beer you talk of ycuraell," . MAnd my reward?" asked' tho voteran. PA kica," returned tho girl, " Well," cjaoulated tho greon.byed oivlliau who win calling, V that U a case of giving i . kies for a Mow." . In a recent grammar examination a mass was required to'write a sentence c n ihiin't ' a noun in tbo objective ease. Ouu of tho " boys wrote tbe following sentence: "Tho aow .does not like to bo lioked." "Whut ' noun.is (hero in the objeotive ooso?" asked tbotoaober. "Cowl" said the boy. "Why is' cow' in tho objeotivo oaso?" "Because tbo gow objects to be Uokcd." ' - Mm. Jones: "My dear Mia« Smith, Ido hope you will oonsent to sing for ub— wo fibouldboeo delighted,'!. Mlia Smith: "Why, of cou"8i m B00 praotieo,' -I bavon't tbo least bit ol a oold, and 1'vo brought ray musJo with mo. I will aiag wltb tbe , greatest of pleasuro." Mri. Jones (aside.- to Mre. Brott'n) : " Well. J, Hlitj r.ln't tho qaeer- CBleiiUovor BIIW I ' Juet IhlnU ol lt." DAtmisTen : "Now, sic, you h.va gtatcd under oath thnt thio xnan bad tbe nppear- aaoe of a gentloman. Witl you -bu iiood enough to tell tbo jury how ft Rontlenian looks, In your estimation ?" WitMbi "well, cr— a— gontlcmoa looks — cr— like— or — " Barrister: "I don't want any of your crs, sir; and remember that you aro on oatb. Can you sco anybody in this eourt room who looks liko n gentloman ?" Wit ness (with sudden asperity) 5 " I can if you'll stand out of 'tbo way, You'ro not trans parent." Ftmtbo third time little Tommygg had asked his father what was tbo okwoftbe desert of Sahara. Finally, the old man laid down his paper and answored ; "I reokon it .was_formed when the Israelites lost tbelr tanfl; aud If you don't quit Rsklng mo so mony queatious, I'll eeo tbnt your mother yh to bed before 1 get homo here- 6'tcr# l. But» 0flD Jou see bor put m? L bfl,l 8h. l»ul® mo to bed beforo you got bome?' And that question was Tommy iist-fortbatevcuiug." (fyy 