AN IRISH STORY. B- O. 3- - By C.31. - Befutifolly situated in a pleasant valley of the White Knight's country, at the fcot of the Gaiter Mountaine, was the cabin of Larry Dodd and his wife. They rented a t cabin and a few acres of land, which they 1 cultivated with great care. They were in dependent, and reepeotod by their neighbors ; they loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of comforc about them. Larry was a hard working, and occaeion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built little man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-lorward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky; then, it must be confessed, he could not walk the chalked line with perfect accuracy. lie had a moist, ruddy countenance, rather inclined to on expreseion of gravity. Take it altc gather, he was generally looked upon as a proper person, notwithatanding the fact that he had every day in the year, a rort of un holy dew upon his face, even in the coldest' weather, which gave rise to a eupposition that Larry was ant to indulge in strong po "ttions. However, Lil men of talents have tiheir faclt-- indeed, who is wivthout them ? and Larry, retting aside his wcaknOe.s, ? s a most diatinguished mon. lie was a moan of mined bah' s, in his mode of life, his drink ard his ccetUnnM. lil drreea af eirded with !:iS cbarrataer-a scrr. of hai-:nis-il:'f between 4 farmer and bhorse jockey. It woce a blue coat of coarse cloth. with shbce t ibets and a standing collar ; his waitco.at wo? red, atlis I his lower hab!liments were made of lea:etr. whichr, in course of time, hadl ehruo:k so much that they fi:tedi like a Erecord akin, and long ue had aitserbed their moeature to such r. degree that they made a erse intg roin as he moved nr!ien. A hat covered with oil skin, a whip, ai wrn and jacged at the end, a pair of second-hasnd, cr, ta?.p:ak more cor rectly, rccoud-lcotcd, greary top-bco:e, that reamed never to rave seen . bla:;:ing-b:ush, and one spur it il a rowel, campleted the everyday drere cf Lr''r: Dodd. Tiths eo:ifpped was Larry retorning from Castel, ;eonoute on a rcugla:.coat-d and one eyeed nag, thoueh, notitthstemding these and a few other ttifling blemishes, a w rl-built anim:al; havio just porehased the said n:g. with a tanry that he 'cold make his own money acaie,and maybe turn an od penny mor by it atno the comning Kiidorry fair. Lorry, well pleased withl himself, trotted along the road in the lingering twilight of a lovelyJuneevcning, thinking of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would hlores always be eo low. " If they go at this rate," asid he to him rDnrpe r half nothing, and that paid in ter-buyerabuyers' notes, who would beh the fool to watll 1" This very thonght indeed was pasaing through his mind, when his attention was arrcsad by cwoman pacing quickly by the side of his horse, and hurrying on as if endeavoring to reach her declination before nigtteclosed in. ier figure, considering the lengetrides she tolk, appeared to be under the common sizs-- rather of the dumpy order, but whether the dameel was young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ug!y, Larry could form no notion, owing to the fact of her wearing a large eloak, the hood of which was turned up and completely concealed every feature. Envelopcd in this mass of dark and con coaling drapery, without much excerion the strange woman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd's ste:l for some time, when his master very civilly rffered bern lilt behind him as far as he was going her way. "Civility begets civility," they say; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that the lady's silence proceeded only from bashful nse, like a man of true gallantry, not a word more Eaid Larry, until he pulled op by the side of a gap, and then sai:l he: " Miy little girl just jump up behind me without a word more. though never a one have you epoke, and I'il take you saoe and sound through the loneEoms bit of road that is before us." She jumped at the offer, sure enough, and up with her on the hack of the horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was seated behind Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around his eaiot, holding on. " I hops you're comfortable there, my dearl" said Larry, in his good-humored way. But there was no answer, and on they weant-trot, trot, trot, along the road-and all was so still thali you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mileo off; there was nothing else to hear except the moaning of a distant stream that kept up a continued crooning, like a nurse bushing a babe. Larry, who had a keen ear. did not, how ever, r, qltire so proloound a eitence to deteet the click of one of the shoe. "'Tis only loore the shoc is," said he to his companion, as they were j1st entering on the lonely bit of road. Same old trees, wIth branches fe-tooned with ivy, grew over a dark pool of water, which had been formed ao a dritking place for cattle. Here the harea made a dead halt, and Larny, not knowing what vicious tricks his notew purchase might r.vc, and unwil!ing that, through any odd chanoe, the younger woman shaould get" spil "in the water, dis. mourted, thi::king to leal the animal past the pool. " By the piper's luck, that always found what he wer.ted," said Larry, recoleolt ing himnelf," I've a nail in my pocket; 'tie not the first time 've put on a shoe, and maybe it won't be the lset, for here is no waent of paving stones to make hammers in plenty." No sooner wans Larry off than cff with a swing camne the woman, just at his ride. Her feet touched the ground without making the Irast noise, and away she bounded, like an ill.manneezed creature as she was, without saying " By your leave," or no matter what else. Sil eenemed toglide rather than rue,, not along thi road, but across a field, up toward tile od ivy-eovered walls o. ItKinmelattery Church-and a pretty church it war. "N?t so faoo, if eoti pleaae, young woman, ntt oe fast," cried Larry, calling 130u away she ran, and Larry foi'owed, his leathelrn larments already described crack, cr.ck, crackling at every step he " Where's my wgesn I" said Larry. "Give me a kies, my girl; sure, I'vo earned a kias from your pretty lips, and I'll have it, too I" But she went on fastor and faster, regard less of tilEce and other flelterhcg epeeches from her pur.ner. At last ehe came to the chnrcihyard w.ll, and then over with her in an " Well, well I 'he's a mighty smart cree. totre, ryholiw! To be sure Ihow lienet she steis. Did anyone ecrr see ihe like of that before? Bat I'll not bh bauthed by any womain that ever wore a hend, or any ditch, either !"'ec!aimed Larry, s, with adesperate bound, he vaulted, scrambled and tumbled over the ,all into the church yard. Up he got from the cIastio sod of a newly made grave, in which Yade Leary that morning wase buried-rest hip eoul !-and on went Larry, stumbling over heodstonte and footatone. over old graves and new graves, pieces of clitns, and the Ekull an d bones of dead men-the lord save es i-that were scattered about there an plenty as navinog stones, floundering amid great overgrown dock leaves and, brambles that, with their long, nri~lely arms became tangled around lis limbs and held him back with a fearful grasp. teacrtimo Ilto merry woman in the cloak moved through all these obstructions as evenly and as gaily as if the churcbhyard, wrowded up'as it was with graves and grave. tones, had bcen the floor of a dane;ng reoom. Round and round the wals of the old church Ile went. "I'll just wait," Eail Larry, seeing thin andthinkingit allnothing but a trick to righten him. "When eho comes round Igain, if 1 don't take the kiss I won't that's il ; and here she is I" Larry Dodd eprang forward with open s arms and clasped in them-a woman, it is o true, but a woman without any lips to kies, : by reason of her having no head !l "MuIorder I" cried he. " Well, that o- I oounts for her not speaking !" Having uttered these words, Larry him- , self became dumb with fear and astonish- c ment; hie blood seemed turned to ice, and a t dizzinees came over him. Staggering like a b runklen man, he rolled aeainst the broken window of the ruin, horritied as the con- u viction that he had held a ghost in his em race. t Wrn Ithe returned to something like a fel- t ing of coareioausess heslowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a EcenO of wonder burst f upon him. In the midst of the ruin atood! an old wheel bf torture ornamented: with. i beade, This was plafinly-isble e in tlhe 3 strangc light which epread itsel around. It was fearful to behold, but Lorry could not i ehoose bht lock, for he was powerless through G wonder and fear. Iie ewould have cheated for t help, but his torgue cleaved to the rol of e! his imouth, and iot o:e werd could h: ray. t Hiis eyes almost earrted frome their ecee-ctc, !' his breast rected on the thircktes of tho e wall, a over wlhieh, on one side, his iead and out- P s'retched Eck!: pc j:'crc, and cn the other, aithrugh ono e c tr. ouched he ground, it ie ri"ed to s ,pi'or n t? a henr s; terror,as it .;re., :cpt him baln?-ed. S:range noises res:iled his car', until at last they tiieled rih:fu!iy to the E5ricp catter of littt!e bile, whichi- lept tip a continual ding-din gdirg. irerrcwksa b?-cs rat ed and clnhed, and the dep cnd solemn Eround of a great bell C came ?.e.r:in'g on the nigt wind. c I t wa, strange music to donce Eby nac-r .hel?Cs, moving to it, round and round the c wheel set with hkulls, were weii-3cres=ediadies and acntlrmen, and solditer and eailore, and I p:neste and publican-, and jsekeys and Jennisr, but all without their heado. L rry did nrt knor. what to think. His t br.inn were all in a miht, and Iosing the c balance which he hIad colong mainteined, he I ill head foremost into the midst of the com pangy of :hcoste. "i'm dorne for and lost forver I" reared Larry, with his heercl turned towards the I atars; anid eose!t down he ccare., "Welcome, Lerry D.dd, welcome I" cried every head, bothintie up aud down in the air. " A drink for eInry Dadd !" shouted thely as with one voice, that quavered like a shakeon I tice bagpipe. I No eooner said than done. One of the I number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it off like a man. "'Tis anpital eltuf," he weald have said, but he got no further than "ocp ' when de eapitated eas lie, and pis head began dancing over his shoulder. Larry, however, was not the first man clho lost his head through the 1 temeplation of looking at the bottom of a brimming cup. Nothing more did hbe re- I member clearly, for it ecem- body and head being parted is not very favorable to 1 thought. 'ihen his Eel:cas returned his first act was to put his hand to whero his head formerly grew, and to his great jay there he found it still. He then, shook it gently, hbut his head I remained firm enough, and, somewhat re- I assured by this he proceeded to open his eyes and look around him. It was broad daylight, and in the old churchyard at lIilnaslattcery he found himself, with his head " upon the lap of earth." Could it have been an ugly dreatm ? "Oh, no," said Larry. "A dream could never have brought be here. stretched on the flat of my tack, with the dcatth's ihead and cross-bones tormentirg me on heo fine old tombstono of Pat Kearney of Kilerec-but where is the hore '?" He arose elbwly, every joint aching from the bruisea he had received, and wrnt to the pool ol water, but no horse was there. "'Tis home I meet go," said Larrv with a rueful eonntenance. "' But howc will I face Nan:y ? What shall I tell her about the hcrac, and the two pounds he cost me? 'Tie them ghoats that have made their own of him from me, the horse-stealing robbers of the world, that have no fear for the gallowsI But what's gone is gone, that's a clear care." Sa saying he turned his steps homeward, and arrived at his cabin absut noon without oencountering anyflrther adventures. There ie found Nancy wiho, as he expected, looked as blank asia thunder-cloud at him for being out all night. She listenrd to his marvellous relation which he cave with exclamationa oi astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions of grief at the loss of the horse he had paid for liko an honest man, she said : " But what took: you up to the old church at all, out of the road at that time of night, Larry ?" Larry loetcd like a criminal for whom thtre was no reprieve. Ile scratched his head for an excase, but not one could he miater up, so he ibew net iwhat to ray. "0 Larry, Larry," muttered Nancy, alter welting cr some aimoe ifr his answer. " it's talking with a r l you were-an' you a tmarried man I Confers the truth I" Lorry shuddered at the tempeet which Ihe pereeived was new about to break upon his devoted head. " Naucy," said he," I do confess. It was a woman withlout any head-" Ilia wife heard no more. " A woman-I knew it was !" cried she. " iot a woman without ahead,Larry I Well, it is long before Nancy Gallagher ever thought it would come to this with her I That she should be !eft desolate and alone here by her baste of a husband for a woman without a henad! 0 father, father, and mo:her, mother, it is well ysonroe low to-day, that you doni't eec this t flliction anddie. grace to your daughter that you rared decent and tender I 0O, Lorry you villain !" You'll be the death of your lawful wifle, talking with soch vile cravithers !" " W'ell," said Lerry, pultling his hands in his coat poketes, "least taid is soonaest mended. Of the young woman I know nothing; but this I do known, that a woman without a head may well ho called a good woman, because she has no tongueo I' IHow this remark operated on the matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im aginc. Itis, b?wever, reported that Nancy hod the leat word. Mr fi:atword to all men a:d boys who care to hear me is, Dln't Eet into debt, starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try fiat begging, I don't mind, if it's really necduial stealing I liat don't buy thiags you can't pay for !--Raekin. W~cs the srng's gone oct of your life, you can't start another while i's a ridging in your ears ; it's beat to have a bit of silence, and out o' that maybe a pealm'l come by and by.-Edward Garrett. THEmaclstrom attractsmoro notiea than the quiet fountain, a camet draws more attention than the steady star, but it is better to be maelstrom, and star than comet following out the sphere and orbit of lquiet uasefulcss in which God places us. John Hail. AFFECTATISxS in any part ol our carriage is lightiong up a candle to our defects, and never fails to make ous take notice of it, either as wanting sense or sincerity. iMosa people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambi tionas,--Longsellow, 