JUVENILE TOBACCO SMOKING, FOR many a long day tobacco smoking has been a fertile theme for speakers and writers. Since the " weed" to introduced into Europe its propertieshave been frequently discussed with the utmost gravity or the most flippant levity. When tbe " vice" was a rather expensive luxury, in which the rich only could indulge, it was denounced in scathing terms from the pulpit, and none but a bold man dared to meet the withering blast of denunciation from the wise elders of society with a mocking counterblast. All that is now changed ; the narcotic plant i'b as much a comfort to the poor as to the rich man, and if the fax raised on the staple product oi Virginia were abolished, State treasurers would be in a sore plight to provide for the national expenditure. Whisky would carry them a long way, but without tobacco their resources would inevitably run Bhort towards the end of the financial year. After long discussion, sometimes good humoured but occasionally acrimonions, there are certain points settled with regard to the consumption of tobacco, and for the peace thus enjoyed society is much indebted to the Church, as it is for so many other blessings. Under what circumstances the clerical profession came to take a practical and personal interest in the controversy is somewhat doubtful, but the accepted theory is that the reverend fathers were so much vexed by the contending opinions as to the moral and physical consequences of tobacco-smoking, that they deemed it incumbent on them to put the matter to a personal test. The result, in some cases, was really sickening, and decidedly antagonistic to the defenders of the habit; but, in the absence of precise knowledge^ on the point, the general impression is, that« few of the younger members of the close guild, disregarding unpleasant cerebral and stomachic derangements, pursued the investigation further, and, having passed successfully through the ordeal, were rewarded with that mental beatification which the inhalation of the profane incense is said to produce. After that experience the controversy warmed op again in select circles, and it is not certain that in some of these it has vet been brought to a satisfactory sett! ment. It is only certain that, as general rule, neither divinity nor medicine sets its face against adult smoking. Bat if only in exceptional «« is smoking judiciously. interdict in the case of the inditi®" 1 whose brain is fully developed, and whose tissues and bones acquired their proper consistent and strength, the opinion of. allpers° n of. sense is unanimous that the .practice is most injurious to the young. * many reasons that might be assignefli is not alone injurious, mentally » physically, but also leads to ill effects ; and for theSe reasons wej possible means should be taken- to p^ vent the young from contracting habit. ... .._• •„ When the : Hon. George who has as many social reforms® credit as the most respected ot torian legislators, moved in this ma ^ he received very little encouragedj from the Press of the colony. ^ fact he received none at all, but, on the contrary, was made a butt for the sneers of flippant journalists, who cannot be credited with much knowledge of the subject on which they wrote. It will surprise some of these gentlemen to learn that Mr. Coppin had a precedent to go upon, and one that tells much in favour of his proposal. The New York Legislature has actually passed a law on the subject that might be taken as a pattern by other States desiring to stop this ruinous practice. The prohibition thus briefly reads :— No chUd, actually or apparently under 16 years of ago, Bhall Bmoke or in any way use any cigar, cigarette, or tobacco in any form whatsoever, in any public street, place, or resort. A violation of this subdivision shall be a misdemeanour, and shall be punished by a fine not exceeding 10 dollars and not less than 2 dollars for each offence. Neither the framers of the law nor its supporters anticipated that it would cure the evil, but they did expect that it would mitigate it, and help to rightly form public opinion on the subject. And the short experience that has been had of its operation seems to justify their expectations. They are aware that cigarette-smoking by children still goes on surreptitiously, but they look to a reformed public opinion and to the vigilance of parents to check the injurious habit still more effectually than has as yet been accomplished. It further strengthens Mr. Coppin's case that what the New York Legislature has in this matter done for the youth of that State is likely to be followed by other provincial Legislatures. The death of a little boy in Brooklyn was lately traced beyond all doubt to the pernicious habit. In this case a wasting away of the body occurred, convulsions set in, and there was a loss of memory, with a complete break-down of the nervous system, and long before the dying youth had confessed that lie was a cigarette-smoker, the physicians in attendance had rightly diagnosed his case. In other parts, of the Union this case has attracted much attention, and it may be regarded as certain that if a further trial of the New York law should continue to show good results. it will be adopted in several other But to parents society must chiefly look for the suppression of the precocious habit. Unfortunately, they now look much more leniently on it than a previous generation did, though there is nothing whatever to excuse, much less warrant, this indulgence. Ignorance is to some extent the explanation, and our object now is to dispel that ignorance, as far as our. words reach. Parents should be told that, if their fair handsome boys are allowed to smoke, there is a great danger that they will turn out drunkards or grow into stunted, pale, little men with an incurable dispositiou to self-indulgence and a strong thirst for excitement of all AT the last meeting of the Geelong branch of the National League, Mr. D. O'Brien was elected president, and Mr. W. Abraham and Mr. Cahill vice-presidents. TEE Cootamundra Herald, as the result of a visit to the Excelsior reef,. Muttama, N.S.W., a few days ago, confirms the news that some very rich veins of gold have been discovered there. Some beautiful and dazzling specimens which were brought to town by the mining manager have been seen by a considerable number of visitors, who generally pronounce them the best which have been seen . in the district. These specimens comprise a half- dozen heavy pieces which were broken down from the reef, and they are studded with coarse gold through the quartz, and carry fine gold freely. The best of the discovery is estimated to be worth over lOOoz. to the ton, while the new findia worth generally about an average of 20oz. to the ton, exclusive of the richest patches. The finds were for a time kept dark," but sufficient of the secret leaked out to result in the pegging ont of several leases m the vicinity. IT will be seen from our advertising columns that St. Francis Xavier College, jkw, will re-open on Tuesday next, at 9.30. The boarders are expected to return to the college on next Monday. THE midwinter holiday of the College of the Holy Ghost, Ballara t, terminated on the 29th July. Three students from this college presented themselves for matriculation in and the whole of them passed the examination. THE midwinter holiday of the Brigidine Convent, Beeohworth, terminates on the Aid August, and clasps wjll be resumed on 