PARS PITHILY PUTi. Thbe 'rir Merry Burglar And tho lig strike Providing copy For the newspapecrs. Labour troubles still raging. Impudent burglrry'at l st Prlrirani. *RIoyal Agricultural Show opens to-day. Sir Gira~ham I)rry, sixty- cight to. The popular tIlai of an argumers its t lrst couslato a quarrel. Invisible blue--tli ipolicomnan'suniform ,rhen thuere is a row on. Nominaltion fur the Legislativo Couciil rlectiots close to-morro-'. Tie deathl is notnounced from liilrush of a womasn at the age of It. The birthdays of his chtMren an a man's ladmlnarks ;n tihe road to old age. Conipanyl that is tinleslrable Is sure to Stire lirasl to come and tihe last to go. Clifton brhtge at Bristol is two hundred ond eighty feet above low.water mark. .W.,C.A. anniversary ten atld publio eelting at Pt'rahrll to-morro\ evnllittg. IFlorin comes front lorelrce, and Flor noe from FPur Or.d.Ls,, tiproe of us. Dr. Leger EBio is tb be congrktulated on tte suceas' of his schoolt visitation "Lonlon After Dark' was a big success on lMonday night-to be repeatedt this e o ntog"il- ,.iLra I ro ina ng prepratiostl for thu strthoe; Out ti a ton of coals oa Montday. The ladies add eoatt the Emrson's forethoughtr SMr. Al?e. MoKinley, president of tlihe Ialvera shbire, was sworn in as a jtic of L the peace on Monday. Wilt the Mrs. hluraoutt, who;kef"pi ladies sehool ino this district, kindl~il la th hte doctr .e o:: thllapopt i, The strike wilt soef afdct some of su k local indltrics to conecqe oco oef tb increase in the price o coa.? ,, The hrnt volunteermosme woo lsthe ,Napoleonic wir. ,Th modera movnemeot oin 189 was merely a revival , " :.cPresofy ilMazengarcb wCil deiser an addresseo.phreonology at:the mcctling of~ the oPrhs AN;A N.A this evenohng.. :. The impressible youath very mily In life Faols in love with ech maiden he noes, In fact he no sooner gts dorn on his lip Thau ho's aptt got down onhis lmse o The Brighton councll and the Elsterm wick Improvement Association have'joined fca rb Ft s csititd rietloo dfi j e lditedtPi ttefwol the ps oto of Victoria-at the end:of -last year to have been 1,118.025, being na increase .o[ 27,1L9, for the year. ...tis.atated,that o.. desiceator-will.bo erected nea the Caulsieil racecourse for the convoeticci ofot 8t Kilda;-Brighton, Caulfield, and possibly Prahran. . Late aigains Dr.:Pearson, the Minister od( Education, too latitd"l join the Board of edvice on .Monday. "Poor old doctor, ;noveerliasf lcedme ia busitiess msa. SThe.smeire~i1rided by ·Host Woods,' of thb Areade COlub holel, on Monday, it conilection witiDr. Erson's dojesaer, was prnounced by one and all as first class. SMr. "eo. G. Wolids, of thl Peahran Arcqdo Club hotel;t evidently intends to mnske his mark as a caterer ii our- midst. That lobstir salad:*oos simply preietiton. The holevern Tent' IJ0.R., vhich cele brated its anniversary. last -week, has a cmaberoship of 12t, being a net increase of 23 for the year. Tie jvenile tent nuinbers 80 memcers. t The population of Prabran at thc end of last year, according to thle Governmcnt statist, was 38,060, who lived in 8,237 dwcllings, or ncdrly four anda hbilf persns to each house. In our :rcport of the St. Tradesman'a Social lsstweek, we omitted. to milention tise name of Mr H. .M. Knox,:s upon shom fell the brunt o?the secrcelary'a work, in thie abseuce of Melr. R. J. Punshos . The Pmhran council adjourned o00 Mon lday *afternoon until yestcrday, in con sequence of the celebmcion of the sltartig of tile new machinery at the Neaw Aus trliaa Electric Lighting Co's station on the Yarra bank. Josiah Wells, licensee of the Windsor Castle hotel, serve :Aive men o vith long bieers on Sundany fortnight. Constable Maher. in plain elothes, dmropped in -mt the rame ine. Result-appearance ittithe Praran court on Monday, and fine of £2 with 7.- costs. A t sudden deathin a railway carriage occarred on Sunday. .Mr. Thomas VW. (udgeon, age 74 years, reoiding at Kiora Cottange, Claronce-road, Caulfictr, expired in thle train jest before arrival at Riichmunl, as hICe was rCturlting from choercli service in Melbourne. The cause of the death was heart d lisneac. liencrs. Powell and Co., the newly-esttahb lishred Ilorisls, etc., of Chapel-street, are to be corlplimcentrl on their wilrow .decora tions, which were the cause of such attrac tion on Saturday night. The deoign e-onitled of a lar?n flraln btklea and a lake containing fish, a smallr sailig boat, etc.-iquite the Swanston- stret touch. George IBright, a youth; is charged with being the illndividual who,in February last, threw a piece of blueBtone at Mr. G. A. Ilestal!, licensee of the Adelaide hotel, Wellitigton-strcet, Prahran, oand ?knocked hisj eye out. Ie was arrested by Constable Kioniturgh on Sunday, brought bdefore the 'rahran bench on Monday, and remanded to St. Kiblia. Henry Wilson, an elderly man, was charged at the Prahran court with assaulting Bessie Smith. The parties are living to- gether as man and wife, and prisoner was orreoeda by Consiable Wall on warraiit, but the woman did not appear. Dr. Fether ston remarked that they would put thecase back for a bit, and if she did not then ap per tlIt bketch would remanl aoccused for a week. This courne was eventually taken. Some folks on the Tooerak-road on Sun. day night, at II o'clock, might have sup. posed that it was a ghost flying talong the Ioad, but it was'tt. It was only the form of John Shannon in his night shirt, flying. from the hle deville which had been evolved out of too ?tany glasses of "blue ruin." Constable Evana provided for'his safety it goal, from wlich he does not emerge again for a week, atwhich time he will Ilave to explain to" their worships " what he meantt by it. 