An Ocean Tragedy, CHAPTER XI.—continued* THE PORTUGUESE ltlUG. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. I never beheld two more hideous men. Their skins were 'begrimed with dirt, and their colour came near to the complexion of the negro with sun and. weather and neglect of soap; the hair of the seaman that wore the dirty red nightcap fell in snake - like coils upon his back and shoulders, black as tar and shining as grease. He-wore tlnck gold hoops m his ; ears and a faded blue sash round lus •waist; his feet were naked, and for the like of them it would be necessary to hunt the forests of Brazil. The other man wore a slouched felt hat, a pair of grey trousers jammed into half-Wellington boots, a jacket confined by a button at the neck, the sleeves thrown over lus back, whilst Ins dark arms, naked to the elbows, were hairy as a baboon's, with a glimpse to be caught of a most intricate network of gunpowder and Indian ink devices covering the flesh to the veiy finger-nails. This creature had a very , heavy moustache, backed by a pair of fierce whiskers, with flashing, though blood- shot eyes, like a blot of ink upon a slice of orange-peel. Wo were m a group at the gangway: when they came '•sputtering alongside, flmgmg down their oars and walloping about in the wildest conceivable scramble ns they made fast the painter and clawed, their-way up ; and the instant they were on our deck they both let fly at us m a torrent of words, not attempting to distinguish amongst us, but both of them addressing first one and then another, all •with such mad impetuosity .of speech, stwh smiting of their bosoms, such snapping of their fingers and convulsive brandishing of their fists, that tlie.irrecognisable tongue in which they delivered themselves was rendered the most hopelessly confounding language that eyer bewildered the ear. It was quite impossible to gather what they desired to state. First tliey would point to our ensign, then to their brig, then to the long gun upon our forecastle,: meanwhile talking with indescribable rapidity. Finn tried to cheek them ; he bawled, "Stop ! stop! You llo speakee English ?" but they only fcfcarod and let drive again the moment he ended his question. "There's no good in all this," said Wilfrid, "wo must find out what they want. What the deuce is their language, Charles, d'ye know i" "A sort o£ Portuguese, I "imagine," said I, " but a mighty corrupt Bpecunen of that tongue, I should think " :: " I will try them in French," said he, and approaching the fellow m the red rugtcap he bawled m French, with an excellent accent, " What is wrong with your ship ? What can we do for you ? " . Both men shook their heads and broke out together afresh It mas amazing that tliey should "go on jabbering as tliougli we perfectly understood them when one glance at our faces should have assured them that they might as well have ad-, dressed the deck on which they stood. " Try 'em in Latin, Wilf," cried I. v He addressed a few words to them in that tongue, but his EnghsTi accent extmtruislied the hint or two they might have found in the words lie employed had he pronounced them in South European fashion, and after glaring at lum • a moment Tilth a deaf face the red-capped, man stormed forth again into a passion of speech accompanied by the most incredible gesticulations, pointing to his brig, to our flag, to the cannon as before, winding up m the delirium of his emotion by -flmging his cap down on deck and tearing a handful of hair out of his head Our crew were all on deck and hadcome shouldering one another aft as fir as they: durst, where they stood looking on, a gunning, harkening, bew luskercd huddle of face I thought it just possible that one of them might understand the lingo of our grimy and astonishing visitors and suggested as much to Captain Finn,, He called out, "Do any of you men follow what these chaps are a saying?" ...... A fellon responded, "It's Porfcugee, sir. lean s\iear to that, though I can't talk in it " •"-.-. .'-v '.,,-." "Try them in Italian, Laura,' said Wilfrid. She coloured, and in a very pretty accent that floated to the ear like the soft sounds of a flute after the hoarse, hideous and howling gibbeiishof the two Dagos, as 3 judged them, she asked if "tliey were Portuguese The eyes of the fellow in the slouched hat flashed to a great grin that disclosed a veiy cavern of a mouth under lus moustache widening to his whiskers, and he nodded violently, , She asked again in Italian what thoy required, but this fell dead. They did r.ot understand her, but possibly Imagining that. she could comprehend them they. both addressed her at once, raising a most irritating clattering with their tongues. "It looks to me," Bald Finn, "as if it was a case o' mutiny Don't see what«lse can siniufy their con tant pointing to that there gun and our flag and then their bng ' I sent a look at the vessel as he Spoke and took notice now of .a number of toads along he line of the main -deck xail •Hatching us m aaort of ducking way which I mean to convey a "kind of coming and going of t"hose -idiisky Irnobs which suggested a veiyiurtive and a kant look out She wa ^iot atove a quarter of & mile off the wlieel showed pi in md-tlie^ mi ( M 1p lur fa i, uj n us <"on tenuously,-ftlnlstjus posture,Aiiliputiamsed as he was ietr ed «xtraord nary am patience andanxiety Thecraftlay fcaek, the lighfcrana hollowing lier sails n t oard andhei ugly-be meared -hull iol3jng^n=a nauseous to the hci co' ur, lici form, her frowsy, ill-cut canvas and her sheathing of sickly hue, foul with slimy, weed and squalid attire of repulsive seagrowth upon the long ..and tender lifting and falling of the sparkling blue. There were some white letters under her counter, but though I took a swift peep at them through Finn's telescope the shadow there and the long slant of the name towards the sternpost rendered the words indecipherable. The glass showed such heads along the rad as I could fix to be strictly in keeping with theiilth and neglect you saw in the brig and with the appearance of the two men aboard of the schooner. Most of them might have passed-for negroes. There were indications -of extreme agitation amongst them, visible in a sort of fretful flitting, a constant looking up and around and abaft in the direction of the man at the wheeL I thought I would try my hand with the red-capped worthy, and striding up to him I sung out " Capitano?-" He nodded, striking himself and then pomting to lus companion, spoke some, word, but I did not understand liun. By this tune the crew, had come shoving one another a little further aft, so that we now made a fair crowd all about the gangway ; every man's attention was fixed upon the two Portuguese. It was so odd an experience that it created a sort of licence for the crew, and Finn was satisfied to look: on . whilst first one and then another of our men addressed the two fellows, striving to coax some meaning out of them by addressing them in "pigeon" and. other forms of English, according to that odd superstition current amongst seamen that our language is most intelligible to foreigners when spoken in a manner the least intelligible to ourselves. We of the quarterdeck. were beginning to. grow weary of all this. The hope of being able to pick up news of the Shark had gone out of Wilfrid's mmd long ago; the humour, moreover, of the two creatures' appearance and apparel was . now stale to him, and with folded arms he ^toodiapart .watching¥-their:>gesticulationB: and listening to their jargon—m which it seemed to me they were telling the same story over and over and over again—with a tired air and • a gloomy brow. I drew Finn apart. - •:,* V'".".;•.'••.•. • What is the matter with them, think you ? " " I dorn't doubt lt'sa mutiny, sir.", "It looks like it certainly. But how: can we help them 1" " We can't help them, sir. The best thing we can do, I think, is to order 'em off. You can see, Mr. Monson, his honour's growmg sick of thenoise." 1 startedsuddenly. . -..•';. "Why, Finn, look!" I cried, "see! they have trimmed sail on. the brig and. she is under way !" . , . It was indeed as I had said. •-. Unobserved by us, the people of the vessel had squared the mainyards and flattened inthe headslieets, and there she was away- to windward, pushing slowly through it with a brassy wrinklmg of water at her stem, her crew running about her as .active as ants, whilst I noticed m the difference of costume that a new man had replaced the fellow who was at the wheel. Mmd," I shouted, "or by Jupiter they'll run away with the sliip and leave this brace.of beauties on our hands.'' . A single glance enabled Finn to see how it was. In a breath he sprang upon the red- capped man, caught linn by the' collar, twisted his head round m the direct" tion of'the brig, whilst- he yelled in his ear, "Looked Zookee ! your ship go ! your- ship go; jumpee, jumpee or you: loosee ship !" It was not likely that tile grimy creature would have met with a ghost of a hint of the truth in the •-lookees"and "jumpees" of friend Finn,; but lus nose having been slewed in the right direction lie instantly saw for himself. He-broke out in along ringing howl, winch I took to be some tremendous- sea-i cursc in the Portuguese language, and calling his companion's attention to the brig.by striking him with his clenched fist ^between the shoulders, and.then. indicat-; ing the vessel with both arms outstretched : in a melodramatic posture that made one think of Masaniello, he uttered another wild roar that was no doubt a further example of Portuguese-bad .language, and went in a sprawl to the gangway followed by his comrade. In a trice they were .over the side and m the boat and pulling furiously m the direction of the brig. "Better trim sail, Captain Finn, so as to he up for that vessel," exclaimed Wilfud. "We must see those men aboard and the little drama, played out, -though 'tis vexatiously delaying." It was now blowing a very light air of wind; yet therevwas: weight -enough, irn .it. to hold steady the canva3 of the Portuguese brig, even to the lifting of herforcsail, lumpish as those cloths "were made by , the boom that spread the clews, and one -saw by the wake of her that she "was Stirling through it at a pace to 'render the; pursuit of the boat long And possiblyliope- Icss, if the cic» n'fuscd fri hack, theiriyards for the tv,r fclloAS. IV bolt wa afat,: tub'like fabric/ -apparently l.ravj for hci size,"and the Towers pulled withsuehalternate heat and -passion, tliat though* tliey; made the water buzz and foam about the; bow their motion iv a cnatic—first-to; right then toleft then aspasmodic heave, round as though hey me nt to return to u —as-the-course of a^Sy chmbiig lijanej of jjlaes Tlie ^hole picture -w s ffchroim; out strong ncbelearb the l)ackground of] sparkhngazurewateraujltnig-uitQ a ort f trembling ta nine off heiofizontoabovej the&eiglitof-thetag; ma ts against the pky, wluSi jfrom there ran up j a tint -ofs deepening Wue -till it^utened out into; glor,y ound about the ssun T-he boatj -ro e andiell upon he long oce n heave > splashed wildly forwards by 1 the two rosier wlio gam and agaui would turn their sni^iog ny cbloured iate »ovcr Jhelr shoulde itoyell to the'witiidrawilig veBseL; -itag s «rew stood an a <MOT.d aft; ^afejJfing,iiiogfc5S liem,^ ^lie gi ss j closed; in a loafing, lounging posture, their bare arms folded or their hands sunk in tlieir breeches-pockets, -whilst one or another occasionally pointed at us or the boat with a theatrical attitude of leaning hack as he did so that made one fancy one could hear , the laughter- or the curses which ^attended these gestures. On high, rustily glittered the amazing old weathercock or dog- vane of the saint in-his boat, from -which would leap with pendulum regularity a dull flame sunwards, timing a like kind of fire: which flashed wet from the dirty yellow and sickly green of the hull, as her side rolled streaming to the noon-tide blaze. "I say, Wilfrid," cried I, "it doesn't seem as if thoBe chaps meant to let that boat approach them." , . - " What's to be done?" he exclaimed. : I looked at Finn. "If they don't pick those two fellows up,". said I, "we shall have to do BO, that's cocksure. But they are a kind of beauties whose room is better than their company, I think, as the crew would find out when we approached the equinoctial waters." " Ay, sir, cried Finn, " it would never do to have the likes o' them aboard, your honour," addressing Sir Wilfrid. ,." No, no, the brig must pick 'em up. Dang their cruel hearts! I never seed a scurvier trick played at sea m all my days." . ." But what's to be done!" cried Wilfrid impatiently and lrntably. v' ' Could one of our boats overhaul the trig and put the two fellows aboard her ? " •: , Finn shook his head. " See here, Wilf,-" said I, " suppose we let slip a blank shot at her out of that eighteen-pounder yonder? The diriy herd of scowbankers -may-take us to be a man ofwar. And another idea on top of this!" cried I, bursting into a laugh. "Is there anything black aboard that we can fly at the masthead ? It should prove a warrant of our honesty that must puzzle them gloriously." " Woiilda hlackshawldo, Mr.Monson ?" said Miss Jennings. " The very thing," said I, ".if it's big enough." She immediately went below. "I think a blank shot's a first class idea," exclaimed Finn, " but as to. a black flag—" and he cocked his eye dubiously at-:the, masthead, whilst his face visibly lengthened. "Why a Hack flag, Charles?" cried Wilfrid. "Why, my dear Wilf.—the pirate's bunting, you know. The rogues may take us for a -picaroon—no telling the persuasive influence of a black banner upon the nerves of such gentry." • . "Noble! noble?" shouted Wilfrid, slapping lus leg : "frighten them, Finn, frighten them. Why, man, they can't bo alt fools, and some of them at least will veiy well know .that that ensign up there," pomting to the commercial flag at our peak, "is not her Britannic Majesty's red cross. But a black flag—Oh, yes, by all means if we can but muster such a thing. And get that gun loaded, will ye, Finn? get it done.at once, I say." • • .• \- The skipper "walked hurriedly forward as Miss Laura arrived with a Hack cashmere or crape shawl—I do not recollect the material. We lield it open between us. Tiifr^very-fHing,, j* excitement—for here ^was - something: genurne m-the. way of an .mcident. to break m upon 'tlie.monotony of a sea trip —I bent the shawl -on to the signal halliards that led fromthe mam-topmasthcad and sent it aloft m a little ball, ready to break when tie gun should be fired. Meanwhile all was bustle forwards. It is a question whether Jack doeB not : love firing off a cannon even better .than beating a drum- Miss Jennings walked nght aft as far aa she could go, holding ;her fingers in readiness for her cars and saying to, me as she passed that sudden noises frightened her. Wilfrid stood alongside of me, glancing with a boyish expression of excitement and expectation from the seamen 'congregated round the gun to the little black ball at the masthead. The yadit was slowly overliaulmg the "brig, butalmost imperceptibly. The boat mamtamed an wabbling and splashing fair m.a line with our cutwater and the lee-quarter of the Portuguese craft. The two rowers exhibited no signs of exhaustion, though I expected every minute to find one or both of them give up and disappear, dead beaten, in the bottom of their tub. "All ready forward, sir," shouted Finn; "will your honour give us the signal when to fire?" As bo sung out the group. of seamen hustled backwards from the gun and thinned-into meagrei hiies of: spectators at a safe distance. " Fire i" bawled Wilfrid. There was a ^glance of flame past the bow port, a roar that tingled through the decks into one's very marrow, and the sea turned blind with 'white smoke,, iridescent as a cobweb, over the bows of the Bnde. I tugged at the signal halliards, broke my little ball, and the black shawl floated out fair from the masthead, :as sinister a piratic symbol 1 as one could have desired and not an atom the less malignant in significance for wanting the . old-fashioned embellishments of the cross-bones and skull. 1 saw tlie Jacks forward looking up at the sight with grinning wonderment. However, it iWas easy to see by their way of laughing, staring and turning to one another, that they twigged the motive of that wild •marine exhibition. I sprang to the jeak- 'signal halliards and hauled theensigndownfor the black flag combmed but ill with the Union Jack, and then went to the side to eeewliatthetoigwasabout. iEithershe did not understand our meamiigj onvas .resolved not to take any hJnt from us iShe held on doggedly without a touch of the "braces or a shift of the helm by the length of a spoke, with her ;peop!eivatchmg us and the puisuing boat from over~the tafikul, a cluster of sulphur-coloured faces, as they looked -at that distance, but -harmomsing excellently well, 1 thought, .with; the dingy yellow of ihe canvas rismg in ungainly spaces'over their heads and the sickly hue -of-the brig's liull with it® shiny peaaedSGup-like reflection 1 in the water to the lift of the squalid fabric upon some .polished brow-of swell. WlKnd," «ried >1, YJhey don't mean •to-pick up "It-looks like it," said he, "what's to 4e donei. There's something con ioundedly insulting in the ogue indiffer: ence to -our gun and colours 4 ' Better consult with Tann e id I He called to the skipper, wiio came tous-fiom the foreca tie ; " I say Finn, wliat re we to do 1 We •dont-w nt hoetwofiltl fellow -aboird his j- cht, and >yet if Sihat lirjg doni jiiekiliem up, "we can of cour e iet them! remamaidriltiiere ' "Arm».iioat' rev, eld 1, ^ojij iiave i apons enough Mew ^ake those: two felloe out of jonderljoat and compel -tlie togt'o yeceivetliem Tjla^kecliarge iv tl Jleisue if J in l 11 p unit Finn "itilbw, oTse^iteadv^ia^merchant feeaman ^Sid-^ot seem^tb -see Sthis 3Eiiei jexjijCB ion hi woiry made flil»'-4ong4facB3 <oim vrth tlie j u i^l -twLt it ihel corner 'of ihis meuttQjxOiieh tejked^oljg, iJ in lus countenance, where most men's noses are situated. Or," said I, observing him to hang in the wind, "make them really behove that those are the colours we sail under," pomtaig to the shawl, " by slappmg a Tound-shot at them in sober earnest, leaving the missle to take its chance of missing or hitting." That's it;" almost shrieked Wilfrid in his excitement; " yes ! - that'll save the botheration of- boat-lowering and argueficationand perhaps blood-shed, by<5eorge I Run forward now, Finn, and let fly a round-shot at that ugly brute ; hit her if you can, no matter where,- that they may know -we're in earnest, and that they may believe if they don't heave to we shall sink them. Ko remonstrance, Finn, for heaven's'sake! Jump, my dear fellow. Dash it, man," he cried passionately, with a quite furious gesture in the direction of the brig, " that's not the object of our chase 1" . Finn, with an air of concern but awed: also by Wilfrid's temper and insistence, hurried on to the forecastle. I watched them load the gun a second time, and burst into a laugh when I saw two fellows rise, out of the fore-hatch, each of them huggmg an eighteen-pound shot to lus heart. - " Only one ball sit a. time, " shouted Wilfrid, conceiving very likely that they meant to double shot the gun. "Ay, ay, sir," responded Finn. . The crew Tracked away as before. The stout, whiskered seamen, with a face that made one think of a red apple snugged m a setting of horse-hair, who had previously fired the gun and who was apparently the Bride's gunner, sighted the piece with a deliberateness that made me expect wonders. We all held our breath. I fixed my eye on the brig to observe, if possible, where the shot struck her. Then, crash! Had the cannon been- loaded - to the muzzle the blast could-not have been more The thunder of it swept with a thrill,~out and away fiercer than the tremble of the first shock, through tlie deck and was almost immediately followed by a loud and fearful yell from the foreatle. I thought the gun had hurst. " Merciful powers ! What has happened 1" cried Wilfrid. Captain Finn came bowling aft fast as his legs "would travel, shouting as he ran. What is it ? what is it ? ", my cousin and I roared out in one voice. Tlie shot's struck the boat, your honours, and sunk lier / " bellowed Finn. I looked, and sure enough where the boat had been there was nothing; to be seen but the violet slope of the swell softly drawing out of tlie cloud of powder- smoke that was settling in lengthening, glisten-: ing folds towards the brig! I thought I observed something dark however, and snatching up Finn's telescope from the skylight-top I levelled it and made out the head of the man with the red nightcap holding by an oar or bit of wreckage. I shouted out that one of the men was alive in the water. The dismay was universal, but there was 110 disorder, no' commotion. -By waitinga littlethe Bride, even, as-she was headings would have floated to the spot where that melancholy red beacon was bobbing; but the delay ^Itfe^reould-JiaKo jxivolyed was "not to i>e dreamtofr.fsWithiaismarfcnessithatexcited; my admiration, man-of-wars-man as I had been in my tune, our largest l»at; a sixoared fabric, with sour old Crimp in the stern-sheets, was lowered and pulled away: with splendid precision in the direction of : the red nightcap. In a few minutes they had got tlie fellow m-boards ; they then'; hung upon their oarss- looking round and Tound; but the other-unfortunate creature, he of the slouched hat and black and: flashing eyes, had found a sailor's grave. I sought with the glass over a.-broad field of water, but could see nothing. . Indeed there was- not a vestige "left of the boat save what tlie led-capped chapliadclungto. " One of them Jailed I Heaven have mercy upon us," groaned Wilfrid in my ear, and his appearance was full of dreadful consternation. • Meanwhile the brig ahead was holding steadfastly on; her crowd of people aft gazing at us as before. I took a view of them; they all held * sort of gaping posture; there were no dramatic gesticulations, no eager and derisive turmng to one another, no pomtmg arms and backwardleaning attitudes. , They had as thunderstruck an air as can be imagined in a mob of men; . What they supposed us to be now after our extermination of the boat and one of the two fellows who had sought our assistance, it was impossible to conjecture.' . Our boat, that had sped away from UB about four times faster Ahan" we were: moving through the water, hung, with lifted oars, over the spot where our cannonball had .taken effect until the Bride had slowly surged to within hail; then up stood sour Cnrnp. "What are we to do?" . "Have you got both men?" bawled Finn, who perfectly well knew that they hadn't. "Ko; there was but one to get, and here he is," and Crimp-;pointed mto the bottom of the boat. "Put him aboard lus ship," cried Finn. ' 1 if: they;refuse; to receive him, find out if there's e'er a one of 'em that can speak English, and then tell them that if they don't take him we shall arm our men and compel:'em: to it ; • and ;if .that don't: do we'll keep aE on :finng into 'em till; they follow the road that's been took by their jolly-boat" . - ;His ;long fax:e wa3 :purple with temper and;the-effort of shoutmgj and he turned it upon Wilfrid, who nodded a fierce excited approval, whilst^I-cried,; "iTliat's it, that's it j they must take him." Crimp ield up his hand in token of. having heard the captain, then seated himself; the oars iell and flashed as they rose wet to the sun, every gold-bright blade in a line, and the foam wentspmmng away from the bows of the bttle craft in: snowpfofthe- magmficentidiseiplinedssweep. of those Bntish -muscles. Jnajiflyshe: was on the brig's quarter, with Cnmp erect in 'her, gesticulating to the crowd ivho overhung tlie rail. I kept the telescope bearing on them and it seemed to me that the wholeliuddle'of them jabbered toCrimpall together, indistinguishable hubbub, to judge from tlie extraordiuary contoriions into which -every individual jSgure Hung itself,-some of them going to "the lengths of spinning "tound m tlieir irenzy, wlulst other leapt upon the rail; and addre ed tlie "boats crew with up : 3ifted"arms as though they tutted all orts of maledictions "down upon our men Tins went on for ^a tew minute then X: aw the tiew-oar iork out ii t>o t-hook and <irag vfcWboat to-1 e mam channels j into wluclvall \ery expeditioual tw or; hreefljraimy jair ol arms lifted the red : eappecl 'man TChen "four of our lellows prang into ^the chains lianded -the liitle •oyerJ;lie ailandiethim -^ro^j in Tie^ fhen re entered theirltoat temofilie jDrsg bysaie WifatliomB;' esr«tation here -by a •of oar , qur^was UfUlili ctyj'tp We waited, watching intently. On a sudden I spied-tlie red-cap in the heart of the mob of men that had clustered againnear the wheel. Has gesticulations were ;full of Temonstrance; his people writhed round about him in the throes of a Portuguese argument, but it seemed to me as I; followed their .gestures and their way of turning their faces towards us, that their: talk was ail about our schooner, as though mdeed.their mutinous passions had been diverted by our cannon-shot in a direction that boded no particular evil to the red-: capped man. " They'll not hurt the creature, I believe," said I. "Callthemen aboard, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid, "and get the Bride to her course." CHAPTER XII. A SEOOJil) WAlOaxa. '••-••• . - I hauled, down the shawl from the masthead, carefully unbent, folded, and gave it to Miss Jennings, who stood with Wilfrid watclimg the Portuguese brig; We had hoisted m our boat, and the men, were busy, about the decks coiling up after! having trimmed sail. "Once more heading a fair course for the Shark," said I with a glance at the compass. "This has been a neat morning s work. A few incidents of the land should make out a lively voyage." " Oh, but it's dreadful to think of that poor, man having been drowned!" exclaimed Miss Jennings. " I was watching the boat before the gun was fired. In an instant she vanished. She might have been a phantom. She melted out upon .the water as a snowllake would. I pressed my eyes, for I could not believe them at first." - • \- "Horrible!'- exclaimed Wilfrid in a hollow melancholy voice ; " what had that miserable creature done. that we should take his hfe? -Have we insensibly—insensibly—courted some curse of heaven upon this yacht ? Who was the villam •that did it?'.' ?He wheeled round passionately: "Finn—Captain Finn, I say!" he shouted. The captain, who was giving directions to some men in the waist, came aft. "Who was it that fired that shot, Finn ?" cried my cousin m his headlong; way, jerking his head as it were at Finn with the question, whilst, his arms and legs twitched and twisted as though to an electric current. -• "A man named O'Connor, Sir Wilfrid,"-responded Finn. " Did he do it expressly, think you ? " "I wouldn't like to say that, your honour. The: fellow's a blunderhead. I inquired if there was e'er a man for'ard as could load and sight a cannon, and this; chap stands up and says that lie'd sarved for . three years in a privateer and was reckoned the deadest shot out of a crew of ninety men." "Call him aft, said Wilfrid. . "If he aimed at that boat intentionally It's murder—call him aft."; He took some impatient strides to and fro with a face that worked like a ship in a seaway witli the conflict of emotions within him, whilst -Finn, going a little -way-vifirw-ard,- sunB iO'itsifor .-.OlCoimor. Meamvhile we were rapidly wideEing the distance between us and the brig. I protest it was with an honest feelmg of relief that I watched her sliding into a toy-like shape with promise of nothing :showmg presently but some radiant ilm of her topmost canvas m the silver azure that streaked by a hand's breadth, as it looked, the whole girdle of the horizon; forone was nevor to know but that her people might send the red-capped man adrift for us to pick up or worry us in some other way. Finn arrived, followed by the Irishman who had discharged the gun; his immense black whiskers stood out thick, straight, inflexible as the bristles of a chimneysweep's brush, contrasting very extra-: ordinarily with the bright apple-red of Ins cheeks and the blue, Hibernian, seawardly eye that glimmered under a dense black thatch of brow. He stood bolt upright; soldier-fashion, with Jus arms straight up and down by his side like pump-handles, and fixed an unwinking stare upon who-: ever addressed lnm. \- " You fired that gun, Captain Finn says," exclaimed Wilfrid.: \ , ' " Oi did, your honour." "What made you take aim at the boat? " " Your "honour, by the holy eleven, I took aim at the brig. There's something wrone; with the pace." "Wrong with the piece! What d'ye mean ? " " It was cast with a kink, sorr; it dliroops amidships and shoots as Misther Crimp's larboard oye peeps, your honour,! -thoughloike his oye it 7 manes well;" • : ." Nonsense," I.cried, "you must have covered the boat to hit it." . . "By all that's sacred then," cried the man, " I had tlie natest observation of the brig's maintopmasht as ever oye could bring the muzzle of a pace to soight. The gun was cast with a lank, sorr." -. • " My belief is that you're utterly ignorant of guns," cried Wilfrid. " The concussion was fierce enough; to shake the yacht to pieces " "'Twasyour honour's design to froighten 'em." " But not to murder them, you dolt!" shouted Wilfrid " D'ye know I could have you hanged for tins ?" "It was but a hay then Portuguay, sorr," answered the fellow, preserving his ramrod- like posture sand :1ns unwinking stare. "Tell him to go forward, Finn; toll him to go forward," cried Wilfrid, "and see that lie never has any more to do with that' gun on-any- account, whatever, : d!ye. understand'" \- -Theiseaman-^uclded-his .-forehead and wheeled round, but methought 1 could -just'catch ^i.:ghmj)seij)astihis?whisker.of- a sudden protrusion of the cheek as though he was signalling "with his tongue to a brother Jack who Was fiemish-coihng a rope "not veiy Jar from where he was standing. The luncheon hell rang and we Trent below. At -tahle-we could talk of nothing: tut She unhappy Portuguese wliom our round-shot had. sent to the bottom. "Muffin's face of-respectful hoiror was a feature f tlie time which I recall more: -vividly than even the- di astei itself ihis •man, though lie wa an ttendance on "Wil fnd as a valet, eguiarly stood lelund jus masters chair at meals Itwa Wilfrids; whim to liavte him at jiand He did not: offer ~to wait unles it-was to procure any : tlung m cou in. might reguare when the ' -stewards were busy- with SIis Jennuigs! nd m^felf, or^oneo both of them ab ent- His Air of lefcrenh 1 consternation -was exceedingly ^ne -a :he listened to our talk "bout i lie i nil ii itr 1 bo t nd t ef<un tiered torjeignoi * Wiio, saidj.! ti th a jglance at Jus yellow "Visage, the shocked; i xprc ion-of nhicli 11 tued to motlici i\ i tilK lu lij 1 inu i s lb of lIuj l Ui it amghtjiass a alamt ObBequjoli simper nd tbepin" ins eyelids towered "let: s "trust was sut jn halves fo <tiien his extinction would be painless ; for, after all,- drowning, though it is reckoned an agreeable death after consciousness has fled, is mortal' agony, I take it, wlidst the sensation of suffocation remains." Mufiin's left leg fell away with an exceedingly nervous crooking of it in the; trouser, and he turned up his eyes an. instant to the upper deck with so sickly a roll that, spite of myself, I burst into a laugh, though I s-wiftly recovered myself. "It is strange, Charles," exclaimed my cousin in a raven-like note, "that a ghastly incidentof tlus kmd should sit so lightly on your mind, consideruig that you have quitted the sea for yeara and have led a far more effeminate hfe ashore than I who have been roughing it on the ocean; when veiy likely you were lounging with a bored face in an opera stall or dozing oyer a cigar m some capacious club armchair. Had you been cliasmg slavers or pitching cannon^^ shot into African villages down to the present moment, I could almost understand your indifference to a business that's going to haunt me for the rest of my days. " "Nonsense ! " I exclaimed, "it was a bad job I admit, but a pure accident, not more tragical than had the boat capsized and drowned the man. There would.be nothing m a twenty-fold ugher mishap to haunt you.: But I'll tell you what, though," I continued, talking on to avert the sentimental argument which I saw strong m Wilfrid's face, " the incident of this morning points a Tery useful moral." " What moral ?:" he demanded. "Wliy, that we must not be in too great a hurry to speak every sail we sight " . " Finn knows my wishes ; we must hear all we can about the Shark," cried Wilfrid .warmly. "The very vessel that we neglect to speak,"; exclaimed Miss Jennings softly— she had spoken but little and it was easy to see through the transparency of her unaffected maimer that the tragic affair of the morning had made a very deep impression on lier—"might prove the one ship of all we pass that could most usefully dircct us." .. .: " Two to one! "said I, givinglierabow and smiling to tlie look of coy reproach in her charming eyes; "of course, Miss Jennings, I have no more to say. At least," I added, turning to Wilfrid, " on the head of speaking passing ships, though tlie moral I find m tins forenoon trouble is not exhausted." "Well?" said ho a little imperiously, leaning towards me on one elbow with his nails at his lips and the spirit of restlessness quick as the blood in his veins m every lineament. " Well," said I, echoing lum, " my suggestion is that your long Tom's murderous mission should be peremptorily cut short by-your ordering Finn to strike the noisy old barker at once down into the hold, where he'll be a deuced deal more useful as "ballast than as a forecastle toy for the illustration of Irish humour." . "No '."shouted Wilfrid, fetching the table a whack with his fist: " so say no more about it, Charles. Strange that you, who should possess the suhtlestand-strongest of any kind of human sympathy for and with me—I mean the sympathy of blood— Eliould - deternjiuation&d; to accept my purpose ! That girl there," pointing with his long arm to Miss Laura, "can read my heart and, of her sweetness, justify and approve all she .finds there. Bat you, my dear Charles "—he softened his voice though he continued speaking with warmth nevertheless—"you, my own first cousin, you to whom my honour should be hardly less dear tlian your own—you would have me abandon tins pursuit—forego eveiy detail of my carefully, prepared programme— blink with a cynical laziness at my own and my infant's degradation and turn to the law—to the law forsooth!—for the appeasement or extinction of every just yearning and of every consumuig desire of my manhood . No by G—— !" he roared, "fate may be against me, but even .her. iron hand can be forced by a heart goaded as mine has been and is. " . . ; He rose from -the table and.withoni-. another wold went to Ins cabm. We had been for some time alone—I mean that Muffin and the stewards h-\d left us.- When my cousm was gone I looked at Miss Jennings., " Forgive me, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed with a little blush and speakmg •with an :enchanting ;diflidence, "but I fear—indeed I am sure, that any, ev en the lightest, suggestion that runs counter to Wilfrid's wishes irritates him. And," she-added almost m a whisper, "1 think it is dangerous to irritate lum." " I have no wish to irritate him, believe me, Miss Jennings," said I. "Idesue to be of some practical help, and my recommendations liave no other motive. • But I give you my word if tlus sort of thing goes on I shall grow selfiBli, nay, alaimed if you like. I cerfcamly never.anticipated these melodramatic displays, these tragic rebukes, when I accepted his offer ol the -voyage. . Pray: consider: if Wilf, poor fellow, should gi'ow worse, if his aci ions should result in exhibiting him as irre . sponsible, what's to be done ? ; Heaven forbid that 1 should say a word to alarm you "—she shook her head with a smile T was a little abashed but proceeded nevertheless^-" we are not upon dry land here The ocean is as full, of : the unexpected as it is of fish. Finn.is a plain steady man with brains enough; hut then lie is m t in ! command in the sense that a captain is in' command when we speak of a ship whose skipper is lord paramount; , He will obey as Wilfi-id orders, andlsay, Miss Jennings,: with-all submission .to.your , engaging, to your beautiful desires as a sister, that if Wilfrid's -humour, is going to gam on hun 3 at the rate at which I seern to fiiid it growmg, it will be my business, as I am certain it will be my duty for everybody's sake as well as /or yours and his own, so to contrive this unparalleled pursuit as to. end it swiftly." She waB silent—a little awed, I th nk, by my emphatic,-manner, . perliaps:! by a : scertam'noteofvcternness,.for-I: hadSbeenirritated, besides being nervous; and then, again, my distaste for the trip worked very ^tronglyinmewliilEtIwastalkmg;toher. We "were a somewhat gloomy slup for the rest of the day. I-noticed that the .seamen wore.tolerably grave faces at their ^everaljobB.-anditwaseasyio.gather that now the^ had had time to -dige t the mc dent of the morning it was as little to - their taste a it was to our aft Indeed ifrw impo lbleto tell wh t kind of omen: they jrucfht manufaetuie out of so tragic an affair Sailors were very much more. superstitious m tho e da^s than they a e • now the team bend lias vonderfuil : : clea ed the atmo phere of -the forecastle \ id tho m. 1 goblin his If 11, su <-e 11 ioc ins final dive from the topg Tlant-rail to keep j comjnrv with the ntin dd 11 her peciet Viewer of coral in a ealm fathoms -deep i 1 enc 1'h tl t ori n ooze O C unor incd •viil li nd to lo 1% 1 lie fell tint 11 the wiiole -he almo t de erv d to he iianped| fo"r%isJilunder oine exiermm tion of 4ie5 "Portagee-heathen at least tin seemed J Jn air when, a life Sat fttitcbmg on-a aii| 111 Hit wiif.t le upictcd 1 qiratcrdtck gaze to be directed atlnm. Bufc itishard for a man with merry blue eyes and cheeks veritably grinning with ruddiness in the embrace of a huge hearty pair of carefully doctored whiskers to look contrite. -The Irishman did his best, but . I laughed to see how the instant he forgot his part nature jovially broke out m lnm agam. Crimp had charge that afternoon, and when I arrived on deck with a cigar m my mouth, leaving Miss Jennings, and her maid hanging together over a hat whose feather in some way or other had gone wrong, I asked the mate what was his opinion ol the accident of the mornmsj. "Ain't got any opinion about it at all," he answered. " It was an accident, let us believe," said I. Pure hignorance more like," he 'That there O'Connor's regularly ate up with pride. He's all bounce. Says he's descended from kings and if he had his rights he'd be at the head o' "Ulster or some such place as that 'stead of an able seaman. 3e know anything 'bout firmg off cannons !" making a horrible face and going to the side to spit. "Did they understand what you said aboard the brig when you talked to them from the boat?" "Ne'er a word." '' Was the Ted-capped man hurt ?' "Dazed. Eyes pretty nigh out on's cheeks. He was too full o' salt water to curse, I allow, so when we hauled him into the boat he fell on lus knees and prayed. Abloomm'poor job; a measly mean business! Knocking of a boat to pieces an' drowndmg of a man. What's the good o' that there gun 1 Only fit to kick up a plaguey shindy. Next time it may bust and then, stand by! for I once see an explosion." "Is there any tlung "wrong with the piece as O'Connor suggests?" said I, much enjoy ing the old chap's sourness, which I may say was not a little in harmony with my mood that afternoon. "Couldn't tell if ye offered me all ye was worth. My business ain't guns. I shipped to do my bit, and my bit I'll do, but tlie line's chalked a mighty long way this side o' hordnance." I walked on to the forecastle to inspect the gun for myself. O'Connor watched me with tlie whole round of his face, broad and puiple as the rising moon. The gun was of an elderly fashion, but it looked a very substantial weapon, with a murderous grin m the gape of it, and a long slim throat that warranted a venomous dehveiy. The kink the Irishman spoke of was altogether in his eye. I returned to the quarterdeck, relighted my cigar, stowed myself comfortably away m the chair 1 had at an earlier hour procured for Miss Jennings, and pulling from my pocket a little handy edition of one of Walter Scott's novels, was speedily transported leagues away fromthe ocean by the spells of that dehghtful wizard. Thus passed.the afternoon. Miss Jennings remained below, and Wilfrid lay hid in,lus cabm. It was very pleasant weather. The sky was a clear blue from line to line, with just a group of faint bronzed-browed clouds of a dim cream at the horizon looming in tlie azure air far away down m the north-west. Tho wind was cool though ^t,^>pleasantireeze.,tomJihe..east.mth: a trifle: of northing in it, and. very, steadily" tlie yacht travelled quietly over the plain of twnikling waters,- cradled by a soft western heaving. - She made no stir forwards saving now and again a sound as of the pressure of a light foot-upon tinderish brushwood ; every sail that would draw was packed on her, to lior triangular lower studdingsail, the reflection of which waved m the tremulous blue hke a sheet of quicksilver, fluctuating as it drained downwards. Still it was dull work. I would often break away from Scott to send a glance at the skylight where I could just get a peep at the ruddy glow of Miss Laura's hair, as: she sat at the table with her maid near her, and heartily wished she would join me. Crimp's company was like pickles, a very little of it went a long way. Had etiquette permitted; I should have been glad to go amongst :tlie men and yam with them, for I could not doubt there was a store of amusing experiences lying behind some of the rugged liairy countenances scattered about the decks Indeed, no summons ever gieeted my ear more cheerfully than tlie first dmner bell, for whether one his an appetite or not, sitting down to a mealonboaid ship is something to do Nothing that need make a part of this stoiy happened that night Wilfrid was reserved, but his behaviour and the little he said were collected enough to make one wonder at the lengths he i\ ould occasion ally go the other way He brought a large diary from his cabm, and sat writmg in it up to a short while before going to bed. I cannot unagine what he had to put down, unless, indeed, he were posting up the book from some old date It found lum occupation, however, and he nas a good deal in labour, too, tluoughout, I thought, often bitmg the feather of Ins pen, casting his eyes up, plunging lus lingers into his hair and frowning upon the page, and comporting himself, in a word, as though he were composing an epic poem I placed at beggar my-: neigliboui with Miss Jennmgs, showed her some tricks at cards, and she told my fortune She said she could read my future by looking at my hand, and I feel the clasp of lier fingers still, and smell the perfume of her hair, and behold the brightness of it, and see he poimg upon my palm, talking low that Wilfrid should not be disturbed, tracmg tlie lines with a y finger nail, with an occasional lift of her eyes to mine the violet of them dark as hazel, and biilhant in the oil flames—-it might ha"\ e happened an hour ago, so keen: is this particular memory. It was as peaceful an ocean night as any man could imagine of the weather up in the seas which our yaclit was atill stemliiing-, moonless, for the planet rose late now, but spacious and radiant with stars • There "was tlie pliantasm of a craft when I went on deck about a mile on the bow of us, in the spangled dusk looking hke ice, so fine and delicate was the white of her, canvas, hut no notice was taken of her. Finn trudged over to the gloom to leeward when I rose up through the hatch, possibly: mistaking me for my cousin, and main-; festly anxious to sluiL the job of having anything to do with the stranger I •watched her pas — meie wraith of a ship she looked slidmg hei three tately spnes - that seemed to melt upon the eyeasyou •watched them under the red tremble and green nd di mend like sparkling of the ; lumm ne which looked down upon her . By he-tune he had faded out like a little puff of steam in the dumb liadow astern, mj pe wa smoked out and I went below and to bed c rce ha\ ing exchanged three word "w tliTum, and nusing much ;: onmyloitune tliat Miss Laura 1ud lead; in ray h nd—th •"• my ' line of life J ' was -very long, xhatinmiddlelifeJ. hould meet •with a woman who would fa emate me, tat "thai neieriheless, I sTiould die as 1 imd lived " a tiaclieloi t "Ne t mowing Wilfrid did not appear ;at the breiktast table Mu&n; informed- me that his master had passed a very bad night, had not closed lus eyes, indeed, and for hour after hour had paced the cabin, sometimes going 011 deck. "Is he ill, do you think ?" Imquired. "Notexactly ill, sir," he answered in his sleekest manner, with the now familiar crook of one knee and his arms hangmg straight up and down. "What then?" I demanded, perceiving that the fellow had more to say, though Ins very humble and obsequious respectfulness would not suffer him to express much a tune. "I fear, sir," he exclaimed, looking down, " that yesterday's 'ornd tragedy has preyed upon his nerves, which, as you are of course aweer, sir, is uncommonly delicate." I thoughttlus probable, and, as the man was gomg to his master's cabm with a cup of tea from the breakfast table, I told lum to give Sir Wilfrid mv love and to say that I should be glad to look m and sit with hun. Ho returned to tell me my cousin thanked me, but that he would be leavnig his berth presently, and would then join me in a pipe 011 deck. There was a fresh breeze blowing, and tho yacht was plunging through it m a snowstorm, rising buoyant to the bow surge with a broad dazzle of racing water over tho leerail and a smother of white roaring m a cataract from under her counter. There was wmd m tho misty shining of tho sun and ,111 the spaces of dim blue between the driving clouds. Tho ocean was gay with tints, flying cloudshadows of slate, broad tracts of liurrymg blue rich and gloriously fresh, with a ceaseless fiashmg of the heads of the dissolving billows, dashes of lustrous yellow to the touoh of tho sun that, you would see, sweepmg a rusty ball of copper through a mass of smoke- like vapour, and then leaping out, moist and rayless, into some speeding lagoon of clear heaven. The horizon throbbed to the walls of the dimness that circled the line all the way round, and my first glance was for a ship; but all was bare ocean. From time to time the fellow on the topgallantyard ogled the slope over either bow m a way that mode me imagine some sort of hope of the Shark heaving into view had come to the sailors out of this rushing morning. I waited for Miss Jennmgs, thuikmg she would arrive on deck; but, after stumping to and fro for a lialf-hour or thereabouts, and passing the skylight, I saw her and Wilfrid m close conversation standing almost directly beneath, he gesticulating with great energy, but speaking m a subdued voice, and she watching him with a troubled face. Passing the skylight again, a little later on, I caught sight of Wilfrid's figure marching up and down with irregular broken strides, whilst the girl, leaning, with her hand upon the back of a chair, continued to gaze at lum, with now and agam a little movement of the arm which suggested that she was endeavourmg to reassure or to reason with lum. I got alongside of Finn and fell into a yarn with him. One tlung led to another, and Lady Monson's name was mentioned. "Was she a pleasant lady ?" said I. " Ay, to look at, your honour. Up to the hammer. A little too much of her, some folks might thick.:,, but such eyes, here he delivered a low prolonged whistle of admiration. • - "She was.a tolerably amiable lady, I suppose ? " said I carelessly. V " Well, sir, if you 11 forgive me for saying of it, that's just what she wasn't," he replied. "She was one of them parties as can be very glad and very sorry for themselves and for nobody else. She steered Sir Wilfrid as I might this here Brule. She needed but to set her course and the craft answered the shift of helm right away off. Ye never saw her, sir ?" "Never." "Well, she hadn't somehow the appearance of what I tarm a marrying woman. She looked to be one of them splendid femalos as can't abide husbands lor the reason that, being made up of wanity, nothing satisfies 'em but the sort of admiration that sweethearts feels. I took notice once that, she bemg seated m a cheer, as it might be there," said he,- indicating a part of the deck with a nod of his Iongliead, "Sir Wilfrid draws up alongside of her to see if she were comfortable and if he could run on any errand for her; she scaicely ga\e lum a look as she ansi\ ered short, as though his merely bemg near fretted her. But a minute arter up steps a gent from the cibm, the Honourable Mr Lacy, and dawdles up to her, pulling at his bit of a ^ lu sker and showing of lus teeth o\ er a long pukmg of ' Haw ! haws 1 ' and ' Taases ,' and then see tho chmge in her lad} shipGor bless my lieait and soul, your honour, 'twarn't the same •« omau fclie hadn't smiles enough for Ins here honourable. Her voice was like curds and whey. She managed the colour in her cheeks, too, somehow and bloomed out upon the poor little dandy when a minute afore her face to her husband was as blank as a custard. No, Mr. Monson, sir, her ladj ship wasn't a marrying oman. She 11 as one of them ladies meant by natur to sit in a gilt cheer m tho heart of a ciowd of young men all a-bowmg to and a-norshipping of her; veiy different from her sister, sir, That little ladydown below there I allow'll have the true makuigs of an English wife and an English mother m her, for all she's an Australian. "I suppose, then, you wore not very much suiprised when you heard of Lady Monson's elopement ?" "No more surprised, your honour, than a man can be a hen a tlung that he's been expectmg has happened. But she's not going to stick to the Colonel. If his honour don't overhaul the Sharh and separate 'em she'll be separating herseli long afore the time it 'ud occupy the schooner to sail round the world. Lord love 'ee, sir, if I were to Iiear of her heelopmg with some African kuig, atop of an elephant, it wouldn't surprise me. When a 11 oman like her allows a chap to cut her cable he must be % wiser man than e'er a jprophet of-them all that s writ about who's gomg to tell you where the hull'Il strand or bring up " As he deliveied. himself of these words Sir Wilfrid showed in the hatch handing Miss Jennings up the ladder, and my companion started away on a, lonely quarterdeck walk. The girl looked very grave and worned; my cousm, gaunt and haggard, with a fire m Ins weak, protrudmg eyes that was like the light of fever or of .famine He grasped my liand and held it . whilst iie sent a look round. I spoko lightly of the fine breeze and the; yacht's pace and the good run s vre should be making if this weather held, finding something in Ins instant's assumption o£ a , hearty demeanour, a sort of strained liveliness far more aflecting than lus melancholy, that was like a request to mo not to venture upon any, sort of^- personal ' jnquiiieb He -called to Finn :to -know tlici speed, then said, " Chirles;-give. Laur.v; your arm, mil you? There's too much w nd to sit She looks a, little palej but» few turns -will give roses to her cheeks My head aches, and I must keep below out oE this -air-till I am better." Miss Jennings took niy arm, for there "THE SHOT'S STRUCK THE BOAT, TOUB HONOUES, AND SDNK HEK I" •would happen a frequent les swing with a rise .of the bow and a long slanting rusli to the -nhole t, eu»lit of the cloths till jou could have spooned up the white-water., over the side nitli join hand that rendered waiting diflicult and faogtuijg,: very soon I placed chairs under the weather bulwarks, snugging her with rugs and shawls, and in the comparative calui of that shelter we were able to converse. " Wilfrid looks very ill this mornwg," said 1. "He has had another warning, ' she answered. ^ • " The deuce he has. "When ? ' " Last night." " What sort of' warning is it this time ?" 1 1 Precisely the same as the first-one," : she replied. : " I am grieved but not surprised. " sald- T- "I very much fear lie js going from bad to worse. I still hold with the news 1 expressed last evening. A time may, nay, a time must come, when you yourself, Miss Jennings, ardent as is your sisterly desire, will look to me for some resolution that sliall preserve us and himself too from the schemes of a growing distemper." She was silent.: "Did .lie tell you," I continued, " the nature of the warning ? ' "Tes," she answered. " In confidence ? if so of course ". " No," she interrupted, " he came from liis cabin alter breakfast when you had gone on deck, and I saw at once that Bomething -was very wrong with him. I Was determined to get at the truth and questioned linn persistently, and then-lie told me all." '' All!'' exclaimed I, opening my eyes, for the word seemed to indicate Bonie veiy large matter lying behind his confession. "What he has seen." slie said, for cwo nights running has been a nn r sierious writing upon his cabin wall." "Humph 1 •' said I. " Do you remember, Mr. Monson, that lie told us of a dream m which he had seen a, boat with a sort of sign-board m it on which was inscribed the word Monday in letters of flame ? Well, he sees the same sore of fiery scrawl now inlns ca*bin." '' What is the nature of the message ? " "He says that the words are 'Betubn so Baby !'" " He lias dreamt tins," said I, " or it is some wretched trick of the sight or "brains; but I would rather beheve it a dream." " It is an illusion of some kind no doubt," she exclaimed, "but it is strange that it should occur, be the cause what it will, on two successive mglits and much about the same tune. No wonder the poor fellow is depressed tins morning. It is not only that he fears this warning as signifying that something is seriously Wrong with baby, and that it is a mysterious command to him to return to her at once; he dreads that it may occur again to-night and to- morrow mght, continuously indeed, until it actually drives lnm mad by obliging him to make up his 'mild either to neglect his child or to abandon Jus pursuit of his wife." " The long and short of it is, Miss Jennings." said I, "that when it comes to one s being thrown with a man whose mind is a misfit that's apt to shift like an ill-stowed cargo to any breeze of wind that heels the craft over, one must' stand by,' as sailors say, for troublesome halfliours and bewildenngly unexpected con- Erontments." But tliere was no use m my telling lier the wish was strong in my mind that if it was to be Wilfrid's unhappy destiny to grow worse, then the sooner he acted m such a way as to force all hands to see that it would be at his own as well as at our peril to leave lnm at large and to suffer lum to preserve control over the movements of the yacht, and by consequence the lives and fortunes of those who sailed m her, the better; for I protest that even m the thick of my talk with the girl I never sent a glance at the white roll of spinning waters twisting and roaring away, alongside without a sense of the absurdity of the whole business, the aunlessness of the pursuit, the futility of it as a .project of revenge, its profound idleness as a scheme of recovering Lady Monson, guessing, as anyone could from my cousin's talk and from what Laura Jennings had let fall, that if Wilfrid should succeed in reganung his wife he wouldn't know what in the world to do with her 1 (To be continued.) 