Topica of the Day. [BY Go BLas.] BY the death of Judge Mein and Mr. Henry Jordan, Queensland lost, in one day, two of her most upright men. That Mr. Jordan's heart swelled with sympathy for his fellow men, that his mind was directed towards the advancement of his adopted country, no Queenslander who has watched the progress of our public life can deny. Mr. Jordan was amen of public spirit, with a kind and noble soul. His life was a success--I need say no more. Judge Mein was a man who lived in earnest, and reflected honouron thile high posi tion to which he mounted by living an un blemished life in endeavouring to realise noble aspirations. The face is the mirror of the soul, and in the aspect of Judge Mlein his high and noble spirit, his wide culture, and the firmness of his character were reflected. I saw him and heard him in his judicial capacity ouly once, but once was sufficient to satisfy one that he was no ordinary man. His soul was "Tempered with fire Fervent, heroic, and good." He has gone, but his works remain; and these will keep his memory green. THe elevation of sfr. Patrick Real, until recently a resident of this town, to the Bench, brings prominently before the notice of young Queensalanders an example of what can be done by high ambition and intellectual enterprise. Mr. Real left school at the age of twelve, and became a carpenter. But while he worked at his trade his ambition was stirring within him, and he felt that he was destined for a higher life. With many difficulties surroqndisghim, he laid aside his tools, and resolved to study for the bar. He was endowed with good brain pswer, and, after labouring for a time under trying conditions, he emerged from obscurity a comparatively famous man. A better ex. ample of the seault of enduring industry, of devotion and application to a noble object, it would be difficult to show. Like Benjamin Franklin, the printer, and Athenian Stuart, the fan-painter, Patrick Real, the Ipswich car penter, has risen, by his own efforts, to one of the highest and most honourable positions in the land. Mr. Real is a sound lawyer, and has been a suecessful and able advocate; and, with that accurate and comprehensive know ledge of jurisprudence he has always shown, he will no doubt be a wise Judge. He goesto the Bench amidst universal respect and the confidence of the public. IT does not require much penetration to see that Ipswich has before it a great future. Industries are the soul of progress, the agen cieswhich create wealth, andwitlout industries a country-like Ireland, for instance-must perish. They have no industries in Ireland worth speaking of, hence the population is vanishing, and those who are remaining are being destroyed by the vampires of poverty. The successful floating of the Cotton Company in this town, by the aid of the surrounding districts, has startled the colony. It was not known that we had within us the elements of so much enterprise. One industry begets another, and, with the establishment of the cotton mills, the prosperity of our woollen mills, and, likewise, the establishment of the flour mills, there will come a large population, to set up more works, to demand more of the farmers' products, the price,of land willin crease, the area of the town will enlarge, and Ipswich, with its coal-mines, must be the manufacturing centre of Southern Queens land. With the causes at work, this result must be accomplished at no very distant period. To the men who promoted the development of the Cotton Company, who worked with indomitable perseverance under the most trying conditions, Ipswich, therefore, owes a debt of gratitude which it cannot pay, for to them much of our future prosperity will undoubtedly be due. LIKE Charles Dickens, I am an indifferent politician, reluctant to pin my faith to any man, and the inconsistent conduct of some of our leading politicians in Queensland has made me still more restless. I was in the reporters' gallery of the House, the other day, when Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith attacked the Ministry. The strangers' gallery was filled, and the editors of the leading papers were watching the fray over the shoulders of their scribes. When the big gun rose to address the House, one could have heard a pin fall, and he slashed out at his former colleagues with relentless bitterness. His words were not weighed, and he seemed to have been carried away by a feeling springing from disappointment, with the intensity of which nothing can com pare. He blamed the Government for that deficit which he knew perfectly well would be beyond the control of any administrators, under the present system of taxation, which was con ceived and brought forth by himself. Mr. Macrossan's reply to Sir Thomas was full of fire and indignation. He stepped forward from the Ministerial benches, and, in clinching his arguments, shook his finger in lis oppo nent's face in a scornful and defiant manner. When the heat of discussion cooled, Sir Thomas lM'llwraithl found, I think, that he had been playing in a discreditable r5le. The situation was unworthy of him, and must have lowered him in the estimation of the country. It is the general opinion, however, among the "knowing ones," that the Government, whet ther their intentions are good or bad, will no survive the strain of the present session. M. GRooM, in the House,,the other day, spoke up well for the farmers, who, at the present time, have little cause to complain- in some respects, at any rate. Mere than a year ago I advocated, in these columns, what Mr. Groom urged a few days since in the As scmbly-that the rudiments of scientific farm ing should be taught in the State schools in the country districts. The success of thisys. tem in Ireland is very great, and I have on my book-shelves an agricultural elass-book, con taining extensive knowledge of Irish agricul ture and the rearing of live stock, which is in daily use, and whichl I undlerstood thoroughly before I arrived at the age of fourteen. Tile Irish lads are taken, at times, into the neigh. bouring fields, where they are taught to under stand the different grasses and their fitness for the soils, as well as the good and bad points in live stock. In Glasnevin they have also a famous agricultural college. A class-book like that which I have described could, with little difliculty, be prepared for tile Queensland schools, and it is the duty of our politicians to see that the wise suggestion of Mr. Groom is not allowed to vanish like one of Pepper's ghosts. Ten "bill for the supervision andregulation of factories and workrooms, and for the limitation of the hours of working in shops, and for other purposes," is, no doubt, a wise measure, and one which, as the histories of other countries point out, is very necessary in Queenaland. The object of the bill is to pre vent the weak from being trampled upon by the strong; but some of its provisions, to my mind, are over stringent. Thus it provides that "no boy under sixteen years of age shall work as type-setter in any printing-office for longer than eight hours, nor between the hours of 6 in the evening and 6 in the morn ing, except in a case of emergency, with the permission of the Minister, and then only on the condition that for twelve hours preceding and twelve hours following such night-work they shall not be employed." Now as most of our newspapers are brought out in the mornings, and most of the work is done at night-time, this law,if passed,would have the effect of pre venting many a strong and educated lad from going to a profitable teade at, say, fourteen, for before he could work for a few hours at night-time, with the ltinister's permission, he would have to remain idle for twelve hours previously, and if important news came to hand in the interim, and the services of all the men were required, the employer would lay himself open to a fine of £20, even if he .sent the lad only on a message I The requirements of a printingoffice are different from those of any other establishment, and while the government are wise in seeking to limit the day's work to eight hours, it would be a great mistake-if not a hardship-to impose the other restrictions. 