THE CORNISH ASSOCIATION. INAUGUBAL BANQUET. The active career of the recently formed Cornish Association was inaugurated on Friday evening, February 21, by a banquet in Banqueting-room of the Adelaide Town Hall, The room wae crowded to excess, principally by gentlemen who came originally the county of Cornwall. There were also many younger gentlemen present, some of them born in Cornwall, bnt many of them Sontb Australians, sons of Cornishmen and therefore eligible as mem- bers of the new Patriotic Association. His Excellency the Acting Governor (Mr. Justice Boucaut), President of the Associa- tion, occupied the chair. He was supported at his right hand by the President of the Legislative Council (Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G.), the Premier (Hon. Dr. Cockburn), and Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., a Vice-Presi- dent of the Association: while on his left were the Speaker (Sir J. G. Bray, M.P.), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. Gordon, M.L.G), and Mr. J. L. Bonython, J.P., another Vice-President of the Associa- tion. The vice-chairs were filled by Messrs. C. A. Hornabrook, J. P., W. Treleaven, and J. B. Champion, J.P. There were many other prominent citizens in the hall, some of them guests, but the majority native Cornubians. Altogether about 200 were present, Apolo- logies for absence were received from the Hons, J. Martin, M.L.C., and T. Playford, M.P., Mr. Richard Tangye (President of the Bir- mingham Midland Counties Cornish Associa- tion), who is now in Melbourne, Captain Kitto, and Mr. W. H. Matthews. The Rev. J. R. Glasson having said grace, the assembled Cornishmen did ample justice to an excellent cold collation. His Excellence opened the toast first by proposing " The Qneen," and also " The Duke of Cornwall,'' a sentiment Cornishmen never forgot. Both toasts were received with enthusiasm and musical honours. The Rev. J. Reed Glasson proposed "The Acting Governor," and the Chairman re- sponded. Mr. J. Cleave, J.P., gave "The Ministry." A Ministry was nothing unless they had a powerful Opposition, and whatever place the Hon. 1'. Playford ocoupied he always struck out fair and above the belt. If those associated with him had pulled the strings as ho did the Parliament would have carried measures that would have been more bene ficial to the colony than those that had been passed. ■ He was afraid that the Payment of Members Aot wonld do more harm than good. It was already the means of scram bling for places in Parliament. Ho compli mented the Ministry for some of thoiraotions, bnt was sorry that the Playford Government had been turned out of office. The Hon. Dr. Cockbcen, who was well received, returned thanks to Mr. Cleave for the good thiDgs he had said of the present Government. He had to join issue with him in oondemuiug the attacks of oertaln members of the Opposition. Personal attaoks never turned out but only consoli dated a party. Ho bad to thank those attacks for the strength they lent to the Ministry. No Ministry ever fell to such attaoks, but when men oame forward with measuresfortbe prosperity of the country then was the time for the Ministry to look out. As a Ministry thty had raised and would oontinue to ■ raise a standard of liberal measures as high as their strength wonld permit. The time no donbt would oome when men able to take larger views with a wider grasp and higher aims wonld propose measures . better snited for the country. What wonld Cornishmen have been if it was not forpersonal attacks ? Where wonld tho greatness of Britain and Cornwall have been if, when attacked, the men had not the faetnesees of Cornwall, Wales, and Scotland, and espeoially of Cornwall to retreat to when attacked? (Cheers.) There they withstood the attacks of subju gating Rome, oi the Saxons, and the Danes, and wben the name Anglo-Saxon passed away the name of Briton wonld remain. (Cheers.) Ween the RDgliBh-speaKiog countries were united in one great confederation they wonld be known Dot as the United Kingdom, bat as Greater Britain. (Load Cheers.) What wonld Sontb Australia have been if it had not been for Cornishmen f (Cheers.) What had saved the oolony time after time? (A Voice—"The mining industry.") Yes, the mining industry had been a great faotor in the sucoesa oi the oountry, and a great factor in the greatness to oome wonld be the mining industry. (Cheers.) There was scarcely a mine in the world without a Cornlehman at the pit's month. He was prond to see amongst the Cornishmen present so many leading colonists. (Loud applause,) At the conolusion of the Premier's speech the Cornishmen heartily joined in singiDg " For he's a Jolly Good Fellow." Mr. J. Pbovis proposed " The Parliament." Sir Henri Ayebs replied on behalf ot the Legislative Council, and trusted that through all time the Parliament would receive and deserve the thanks of the eleotors. Tho representatives of the people made the Parliament, and if the laws and the members of Parliament did not rise to the standard whioh people wished them to the remedy was in their own hands. If the laws were good or bad the reflection was on the people. As a tree was known by its fruit so was a nation known by its representatives. Payment of members would cast greater responsibility on the electors than ever before, but he trusted that the good senBe of the eleotors would pro perly weigh the eervioe of the old members, who were at a disadvantage ovsr the untried men in having sins to answer for. The most fatal thing of political life was indif ference. The apathy of the past was, however, to disappear in the forth coming campaign; if it oontinued much longer our representative system wonld be degraded to misrule. 8peakiog of the Cornish Association, he hardly knew what tbey were oesooiated tor—(laughter)—but whatever i their aimB might be, he bad no doubt but that they would be most snooess folly accomplished. He bad spent more than half his life among Cornishmen, and in what ever capaoity Cornishmen had been plaoed, they made records not likely to be excelled. He wished tho Association success. (Cheers.) Sir J. C. Beat acknowledged the compli ment on behalf of the House of Assembly. Mr. J. L. Bonython proposed " The Old Home," words which he said ought to kindle tbe enthusiasm of Cornishmen. (Cheers) Cat off from the rest of England it was no wonder tbat Cornwall had characteristics peculiarly its own. With the Atiantio Ocean on one side Bnd the British Channel on the other, Cornwall was a peninsula posess itg a charm whioh attached to no other part oi England, except It may be a portion of Devonshire, and tbBt oounty was once a part of CornwalL It bad a coastline unsurpassed anywhere—a coastline which presented an almost endless panorama of soenery, grand in its sublimity, or delightful in its picturesque nsss. effeots which art admired, but failed adequately, to transfer to canvas. It was a lend of contrasts and surprises, in some parts wonderful for its fertility, in others extra ordinary lor its barrenness. Physical surroundings had played no unimportant part in moulding Cornish obaraoter, Almost every part of the connty was within Bound of the never-reBting sea. And it was not surprising, that in the mnrmnr or roar of the ooean there had been a message telliog Corniehmen, as it told the Phoenicians of old, that their mission - wsb nut confined to the traot of country in which they lived, but that it was limited only by the extent of the world. (Cheers.) Corn wall was known to tbs Phcenioiaos, and it was even said that Corniehmen supplied them - with the material ont of whioh they made their god. Phoenicians kept np oonatant communication with Cornwall, and it was more than possible that PhoeaioUs blood flowed to-day in Cornish veins. AgaioBt tha Romans and the Saxons the foreigners of the born-shaped land, as the Corniahmen wore known, were able to hold their own. Corn wall oontinued Christian when the Saxons carried England baofc to Paganism. (Hear, hear.) The Norman Duke parcelled oat the land in the county amongst his friends, bnt the Normans made no great impression, since then, however, Cornwall had beoome more distinctly a part of England, and the ooanty'e - history bad been that of the country, and. what a long list of illustrious names—of eccleeiaBtios, statesmen, warriors, lawyers, authors, and artists—Cornwall had contri buted to the honourroll of England. (Applause,) There are people who boast of' a great and glorious future. Cornishmeu could boast of a great and glorious past, and it wbb the post whioh moulded the future. (Loud obeem.) Cornwall was not merely a land of facts. It waB a land of romanos— romanoe whioh bad so blended itself with tbe truth that they were inseparable, and had had perhaps equal iuflnenos on the national life. Tne Land's End district was anciently the favourite abode of the giants. Tben there was tbe eifin creed of Cornwall— a perfectly fasolnating subjeot, If a traveller lost his way be immediately oonclnded that be was piskie or fairy led. Mermaids and ghosts were everywhere. Who did not know - that Between Land's End and Scilly Bocks Bunklies a town that ocean mocks?" Mnch more than that; theirs was the iamonB Lyonesse country, and the Lyonesse country suggested King Arthur and his noble deeds. At Tintagel Arthur was bem, and. at Cemelford he was mortally wounded. What Cornistman could think ofTingagel without having his imagination excited and bis enthusiasm fired? WaB not Tintagel the - meeting-place of Those were the days of chivalry, and the great - Cornuhman waB its bestexponent. Cornieh men were content that King Arthur should be regarded as typical of the raoe. He was oertainly their ideal. Qneen Elizabeth eaid tbe Ornish gentlemen were all born courtiers. witbabecomingooDfidenoe. (Cheers.) That was substantially tbe statement which had been made by every writer on Cornwall Binoe the daye of the Romans. All had borne testimony to the many excellent qualitiee wbioh went to make up tbe Cornish oharaoter. and whioh gave to the Coraishmau hie individuality. It had been stated that their Celtic blood made them ardent and vivacious, and that their almost isolated position had made them self reliant and versatile. To the Cornishman. there was no eeene too distant from his home, no enterprise too difficult, provided there was a reasonable prospect of suooeas and of sufficient reward. Descended from the Phoenicians, like the Phoenicians Cornish men were everywhere, but, unlike the Phoenicians, not so much to push the oommeroe of the world as to develop its natural resources. Their monuments were in every continent, and no people had done more to bnild np the British Empire than the people of Cornwall. Bat the Corniehmen, in their pride of race, never forgot that they were oitizene of the British Empire. Inoon olusion he paraphrased a famous saying— " Doubtless God might have made a better oountry, but doubtless He never did." (Loud annlan8e.l His; Exoellenoy tbe Acjtikq Govbrnob, who was received with prolonged applause, eeid they had been asked what were the aims of the Association, In addition to those already given they hoped that any who were sick or in distress would be relieved. (Cheers.) Not only were Corniehmen oour tiers, bnt they were modest people, (Laughter.) They lacked the obtrusiveneBS of the foreigners who lived east of the Tamar, and, unlike a certain people to whom Anthony Trollope referred, were not given to blow. They had an anoient and a creditable history. When the foreigners east of the Tamar were clothing themselves with skins in winter and woad in summer the Cornish men were doing business with the Phoe nicians through their tin. Their hereditary skill in mining had been proved in many parts of tbe world, not exoluding South Australia, (Hear, hear.) The enemy, too, had said that the Cornish captains had just as mnch skill in working the publio as in working the mines. (Load l&aghter.;) That was a discreditable libel, but it was no disparagement to the Corniah intelleot. Their modern history was honour able, Tbey resisted the Romans, bat parts of the oountry were nearly overran bv the hordes of Saxons. Nevertheless Cornisbmen were still CorniBhmen, Cornish names were, still Cornish names, and the Cornish raee were still the Cornish raoe, and by no means SaBsenaob. They maintained their own language. Until the eighteenth century sermons were delivered ia Corniah, and in. the present century men who etili lived had spoken Cornish, Tbey only abandoned it,, the prettiest of harmonlo dialeots, for the vulgar tongue of the Sassenachs so as better to get at them. (Loud laughter.) Comiog to etifl more modern times Cornisbmen were> more or leas interested in the Portuguese embroglio, because in the twelfth oentory tbey helped the Portuguese against the Moore and in the fifteenth centmy against, the Spaniards, Tbey had maintained their own lawe in some respects, and still bad their Minora' Stannary Conrti Mr. J. B. Nealea introduced the Cornish law to South Australia in 1865. The Cornish laws were subject only to Romish laws made at Truro in a Parliament at whioh the Stan natera were represented. And if it haoponed* that the British Empire were broken into fragments, whioh God forfend—(load cheers) —tbere was no part of the island of Groat Britain whioh had a better claim to a homo Parliament - than Cornwall. Cornlshmen had been twitted about their moors, bat the heaths of the Cornish moors wtre the most beautiful in the world. There were no more beautiful valleys in the whole world. He had eeen hydrangeas, myrtles, _ fuchsias, geraniumB, and oameiltoa grown into large bushes—certainly they never grew to large beyond the Tamar. Corniehmen had one disadvantage—tbey could not skate, because tbere was no winter. But they made up for that by supplying the foreigner with the early fruits, and by getting his tin benefited their pockets. He would not talk of their fisheries, their song life, their copper and tin industries, their lorcdain day, or their antiquities, the crcmlccbB, the monolitba. the clrolea, and dther remains of primeval time* (or more Interesting tban any otbere in the island, nor of the pluck and strength of the Saltash women except to say that .the ore w of which Ann Glanville woe stroke, and which he had eeen, would he believed have beaten any crew of men and given them a couple of men extra. (Cheers,) He, however, boasted of the Cornish pixies, far more lovable, gentle oroaturea than the fairiea over the T&mar.; Their gboata were terrors—(laughter)—and he well remembered how numerous they were in a ohurobyard through whioh he had to pass, with a bramble bush tied behind him whioh he waa in fear of losing every moment. The Cornish loved fair play. They did not kiok in wrestling in hia time, although he had been told that the Devon people had somewhat oorrnpted them aiuoe. It waa even said that a congregation on wreokage intent would wait for the pastor so that he might have a fair chare. (Load laughter.) He would refer to aome of the Cornish worthies. There were Sir Hamphrey Davy, Trewithiok, Taugye, Butler, Noy, Opie, Foote, Elliott, and the Earl oi Chatham, Lawyers came from Cornwall, and Mr. Justice Bullen, one of the greatest of EaglUh common law Judges, was a Coraishman. There was no roll on earth more glorious. And they could talk of their families—the Arundels, the Trelaw.eys, the Oouolphins, the PittB, the Trefusises, the Bosoawens, and the Granvilles, many of whom were in the Peerage. When it came to fighting Cornish men were always there when wanted. Had not Richard Brindle, in the Re venge, with haif hie crew sick, gone out against fifty Spanish ships and killed more than four times the number of his own crew before he eucoumbed ? And did not Sir Edward Pellew in the La Nymphe, with a erew of which two-thirds were raw Cornish miners, go out and bring in the French frigate Cleopatra? (Cheers.) Historians often said that Cornishmen formed the reserve and many times turned the tide of battle. If all the Englishmen had fought as well as the Cornishmen the country would have been saved for Charles the First, who in a long letter thanked the Cotnishmen for the valuable services they had rendered without reward. The Cornishmen were a small population— about the same as that of South Australia— and they occupied a email portion of the earth s surfaoe; yet he said that on the faoe of God's earth there did not exist, there never did exist, aud, judging by the tenden cies and ciionmstanoeB of the human race now, there never could exist a nation so sparse in population aod with auoh a limited territory with so long continued and so glorious a history. The close of His Excellency's brilliant, humorous, and palriotio speeoh was greeted with prolonged applause. Mr. Thomas, a typioal representative of the west of Cornwall, sang" And shallTrelawney die," tbo whole company joining in the oborua with mnoh enthusiasm. " The Cornish Association" was the next toast, and it was left to the Hon. J. H. Gohdon (Minister of Edu cation) to do jnBtioe to. Though not a Coraishman he eald that he had mar ried the daughter of a pure-bred Cousin Jack. The faot that the Association had been etarted by snob men bb His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut, Messrs. Bonytbou and Rounsevell, and the Rev. G. E. Rowo was an argument in reply to those who said that suoh organizations were likely to interfere with the national spirit oi Aus tralia. Thev were not made less effeotive oolonlets throngh being reminded of tbose great tradition! of whion the President had spoken In his most charming and eloquent speech. There was a homogeneity, strength ened and made complete by certain diversi ties of race, training, andoharaoter. Did the soldierB of old England fight with less valour because eaoh regiment was animated by a history of many well-fongtt battles, by an esprit dt corps peouliar only to the regiment, and because its battered colours were taken before them into battle ? Corniebmon in Australia would be none the lees vigorous and patriotic beoause suoh an Association as this existed. He wse proud of 8oottish history, but though a Scotchman he did not forget that Scotch men, Welshmen, and Comian were all Celts. The Association would serve many excellent purposes, not the least being the remetn branoe of the traditions of Cornlshmen, of their prowess on the stormy soas and in the battle-fielde, as well as of their work In the deep and' dangerone mines: and snoh re membranoes would teaoh them to be more patriotic and better Australians than they would be with less glorious traditions. (Prolonged oheers) Mr. W. B. Eoonsevwx, M.P., in respond ing. said the Association was the outoome of the feeliog that blood was tbioker than water. It was felt that there were hundreds of Cornishmen throughout South Australia unknown to each other, and that if by touching the eleotrio wire of kinship they conld be brought together noW !>5-asiin V?8y *ould be a more poten t factor lor good in «uC *^337* They had a nobler and higher aim. S3BJ9 of tho best men in the world .!»»'* been poor and helpless- "-,ja ttt ^ *"S® that if some of >" '«DCt WftB thouRht leuth A"'* .aeir countrymen came to eren'* .otralia poor and unknown they ..u have in the Association some one to come to to place them in a position to earn an honest livelihood. There were no people who so intermixed with others in different parte of the world as Cornishmen. The characteristics of their raoe, especially their dogged determination, had mvle tbe Associa tion a success. If that gathering bai not been a success the leaders would have worked until the Aseooiation was known, believing that the social qualities of the Cornishmen only needed to be brought out. (Cheers.)' SirHENBV Ayebs proposed "Fish, Tin, and Copper" In a humorous aud appro priate speech. South Australia owed the development of her principal. mines to Cornishmen. There was an element of wealth in Cornwall which the framers of the toast had evidently forgotten, viz., agriculture, No men in South Australia were more devoted to agrioaltnre than Cornishmen. They were exoellent agrioul tnrists, and one of the greatest sources of Cornwall's wealth at present was the daily transmission to London during the season of potatoes and marvellous cauliflowers. (Pro longed oheers.) Captain M. Deeblb, connected with .the Moonta MtneB for about a quarter of a century, and Captain W. H. Mobish re ponded. The Rev. G. E. Rows proposed "Our Adopted Home," to whloh Messrs. D. M. Chableston, J. Wedlock, and R. EL L&thleab; replied, the proceedings being closed with "The Song of Australia." The toasts were interspersed with appro priate songs, the aooompanhnents on the piano being played by Mr. G. F. Miohell. The songs inoluded " The Anchor's Weighed." by Mr. F. Hlngston; " Trno to the Last," by Mr. G. E. Harvey ; and " Don't take any Notioe," by Mr. J. J. Sharp. Tbb Electric Lighting Cojimission.—On Saturday miming Messrs. J. tl. Smith (Chairman i,f the Railway Corwnissiooere), A, B, Moncrieff (Engineer-in- Chie'), and K. Reea, M.P., numbers of the Electru Light ing Cunmfssion, who recently went to Mel bcorno to take evidence respecting the various ayatems of eleotric lighting with a view of [adopting a light for the new Parlia ment Buildings, returned to Adelaide. Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., the remaining member, went on to Sydney, where he will pursue his enquiries. The members of the Commission expressed themselves highly pleased with the treatment they received. Every facility for gaining information was readily plaoed at their disposal, and every means taken to provide informa tion for the Commission. On Wednesday last, the day of their arrival in Melbourne, they inspected the systems of lighting at the Poet-Office, Messrs, sands & MoDongalTs pre mises, and the Spencor-atreet Railway Sta tion, They also examined the new sleeping careonstrnoted for the Portland line. This oar is seventy feet long and beaatifnily fitted, and the system of eleotric lighting by accumulators, which has been pro vided, is desoribed as very complete an effective, Subsequently they visited the Ronees of Parliament, where they received every courtesy at the hands of Mr. WatBon, the Sergeant-at-Arms, and devoted considerable time to inapeoting the eleotrlc Jighting fixtures, and also the system of ventilation. A good deal of evidence was taken. The Chairman of Railway Commis sion ebs in Melbourne —Daring his visit to Melbourne last week Mr, J. H. Smith had interviews with the Directors of the Silverton l'tamway Company and the Broken Rill Pro prietary Company on various matters effecting the future working of the lines con necting South Australian porta and Broken Hill, He also met Mr. Price Williams, M.I.C.E., who oame out from England to take part in negotiations for the Tastnan an Main Line Railway Company with the Tas manian Government. In conversation abont Australian railways, Mr. Price Williams expressed the opinion that a uniform gauge, either of 4 ft. 8J in. or 6 ft. 3 in., would become a matter of necessity for Australia as the colonies were developed. He was strongly of opinion that steps should be taken to secnre such uniformity before any farther extensions of railways on disapproved gauges are made. In his view the cost of effeoting the ohaoge might be' distributed over a very long series of years, so that the borden might appear infinitessimal, and be more than compensated for even in the i immediate future by the many advantages which a uniform gauge would bring to the colonies. J Hatching Ostriches bt Incubation.— The Mouth Australian Ostrich Company— whoce farm at Port Augusta is now the argest ostrich establishment in tho world, there being 700 birdB, all healthy and thriving — have ordered a large-size eleotric automatio self-regulating moubatnr. The spplianoe is S ft. x 4 ft., and is capable of holding at one time fifty ostrich eggs. The inonbator was manufactured by Messrs. Charles Dickine & Son, Wakefieid-street. Industrial School for the Blind.—A meeting of ladies residing in the Bonthern suburb* who are arranging for the fair to ba held n May next in the Jubilee Exhibition Building, was held at the residence of Mts. L. 8eammell, Unley, on the 20th iost, Mr. W. Bnrford and Mr. D. Sterne attended on behalf of the institution. There was a good atronaanoe, ana mnon interest was enown. Subcommittees were formed in Goodwood and Mitoham. A meeting was held in the Institute Hall at Anguton on tho 20th. Mr. D. Nook presided over a good attendanoe. Mr. A. W. Hendry,the Manager, explained the objects ol and the necessity for the fair, It was decided to assist, and the ladies present resolved themselves into a oommittee. A meeting was also held in the Town Hall, Semaphore, on Friday, 21st, with the same objeot. His Worship the Mayor occnpied the chair. Mr. Hendry explained the objeots of the fair. The ladiea present resolved themselves into a committee. It was deoided to ask the eo- operation of the ladies of Port Adelaide, Glanville, Exeter, and other neighbouring localities, CtmroRATiON of Poet Wakefield,—A number cf ratepayers of Port Wakefield district and Corporation have applied to the Government to nave the Corporation of Port Wakefield a dished and tho town merged into the Dletriot Council. It is stated that the amonnt raised by the assessment of the Corporation is so uslgnifioant that nearly the whole amonnt is required to piy official salaries, leaving little or nothing for neces sary work. The memorialists aak that the municipality should beoome a ward of the district, and that two Councillors should be elected to represent it in the District Council. The Government will allow time for a counter-memorial to be sent in before deoid - icg whether any action should be taken. The Pcelic Works DapAETMSnj.--The Fifth Progress Keport of the Pobii# UtteWJ CommiEpicp (lately baown-**^ aarSsttt ,—.merit controlled by the Commissioner ot Pnblio Worke, was submitted to the Government on Saturday morning, February 22\. Hie Excellency the Acting Governor u as consulted, and at once gave permission for its publication. The re.port, an ab3traot of which is contained in to-day's iBsne, deals exhaustively with all branches of the Public Works Department, excepting that relating to the railways. The principal re commendations aro—the amalgamation of the department of Superintendent of Pablio Buildings with that of Eoginecr- ia-Chief, the abolition of the position held by Mr. S. Dnn^nll (Wslertrni!ra lllavbt fha fthnliflfin Randell (Waterworks Clerk), the abolition of the department of Comptroller of Stores, the amalgamation of Waterworks at.d Sewera Yarde, the cloeing of the Sewers Yard at Thebarton, the transfer to Islington of machinery at the Kent Town Yard, anda change in the method of collecting rates. The Commiieion estimate that sav ings to tho extent of £c,6G0 per annum will be effected should their recommendations be carried out. Tns INTERCOLONIAL MILITARY CONFE RENCE.—It ii intended that the military commandants of the colonies should meBt as soon as possible for the purpose of taking into consideration the snggeetione of General Edwards as regards a system of federal defence. Besides doing thie they will visit in company Klog George's bound, Thursday Island, and Port Darwin, in order that they irey advise the Governments of the oolonies upon the proposals of the Imperial Govern ment for the defence of those places. The inclusion of Port Darwin followed noon the Hon. Dr. Ccokburn urging its claims as a in view oPita being the landing-plaoh of the European cable, Major-General Downea will represent Booth Australia on the Board of military experts, and mnst neoessarily be absent from Hie oolony for several weeks. Any inspection for naval purposes will be left to'tbe Imperial commander on the Aus tralian station. ■ Sr. ViwrtiriiE Paul's Obpha.vage —The anneal report ut the Committee of Manage ment states that daring the year twenty-nine ohildien were admitted into the Orpaanage, seven were returned to their friends,one was received into the Home o( Providence, eight were sent into service or adopted, and one died. On the last day of the year there were in the Orphanage eighty-two children. The reoeipta for the year from Chnroh collections amounted to £394 6a.; legacies. £333 17a. Id.; rent, £18 la.: annual piouio, £102 15i; dona tions and other aautceB, £2o8 17s. Id.; total, £1,10716a. 2d. The expenses dating the year, including balance due to Banks, were £3.564 14s. 8d., leaving a debt on the institution of £2,456 18s. 6d. Attention it called to the fact shown in the balsnoe-sbeet, that the revenue which ought to cover the aotual working expenses of the Orphanage, falls abort to the extent of £52 lis. 6d., in other words, that it has been neoetesry to enoroaoh to that extent on the revenue which should go to reduce that debt. It is sineerely hoped that the increased generosity of the pnblio will obviate this for the future, as it is most important that the debt resting on the institution should be reduced a* much as possible. The removal of the Ven. Arch deacon KueBell from the oity to the newly ereoted parish of Glenelg and Marino, neces sitated, to the regret of the Committee, his resignation from the offioe of Cbairmw, a position whioh he filled long and ably. The Archbishop baa been pleased to appoint the Very Rev. Arobpriest Nevin to the offiae of Chairman. With the last day of the year the work of the Sisters of St. Joseph in con nection with the Orphanage oeaaed, and on January 1, 1890, The Archbishop, in the pre sence of the Chairman and the Secretary, handed the institution over to the care of the SiBters of Meroy. As these Sisters bring to their work their experience from similar in stitutions elsewhere and the admirable apirit already shown and appreciated in so many ways in South Australia, we have every reason to hope that our Orphanage will prosper under their care, The ooinmittse ex pressed its sinctre gratitude to Or. O'Crnnell for his gratuitous and untiring oare for the health and general welfare of the ohildren ; to Father Gandolfi for his kind attention to their spiritual wants, and to the many kind hearted ladies and gentlemen who, by their generosity, have made it possible to carry on the good work, and who also at last Christ mas contributed so generously to the (Jhrint mae i®und, thus helping us to make the holy season one of gladnesB to the many little ones entrusted to our oare. The Nobwood Town Halt, Clock.—We have already intimated that s>ir E. T. Smith, M.P., had presented a olook for the tower of the Norwood Town Hall, and that ho hid asked to be allowed to defray the cost of its erection. On examining the tower it was found that it was not in a fit atato to reieive the olook. Surprise was expressed that the tower hed not oome down in a gale of wind. After several conferences with the arohitect of the Town Hall and an architect repre senting Sir Edwin it was deoided that the upper portion of the tower would have to be removed and then re-erected in suoh a manner as would be safe, aud also improve the appearance of the structure. To carry out these alterations tho arohiteot esti mated the cost at £300. The next difficulty that met the Corporation was as to raieiog the money to meet this work. The Town I Hall has proved a white elephant, eo the idea of taking the money out of the rates was never entertained, and 1 it was felt that to ask Sir Edwin to bear this additional expense would be nngeoerous. The Corpoietion decided on the 10th inet. to aek the ratepayers to sanotion the expendi ture, bnt before taking this step to lay tbe whole difficulty before Sir Kdwia. Tbo Town Clerk was direoted to telegraph to Sir„Edwin in New Zealand tbe substance of a letter oomiog per the mail. On Monday, February 17, the Town Clerk received a telegram from Sir Edwin approving the action of the Corporation, and expressing his willingness to pay all the oostB conneoted with the alterations In the tower . and the ereotion of the olook. It is the desire of the Council to pnsb on the completion of the work with all dispatch, so that the clock may be set going early in April. The Murray Waters Commission.—At a sitting of this Commission on Wednesday, February 19, evidenoe was given by Mr. George Ferguson and by Mr. Landaeer, M.P., in regard chiefly to the commercial import ance of the River Marray and the extent of the navigation. The Pigott Letters.—Aooording to 'lrtith the pnblloation of the forged letters attributed to Mr. Parnell has oost the Times above £200,000. Its expenditure on witnesses during the Parnell Commission was as reok leua and obeutd as was tbe publication of the letters. The Roll or the Highland Clans.— We have reoeived from Mr. Bernard Qaarltch, of 15, Piccadilly, London, a moBt interesting and or list io doounient whioh oontains the coftw of-dthiS 'cf the Scottish clans with genealogical information concerning them. On the top ..tU? _ancs of the Royal House i of Stuart, and surrounding thorn are thoseof the different clone of MacLeod, MdvUjoalil, Campbell, and many others. "A scroll i: placed in tbe oentre of the sheet, and in thu are given the names of all the branches of the various families and illustrations of their tartans. There are In all forty-three coloured illustrations of the family coats of arms, and their production is really a work of art. The letterpress is in old English, and the whole forms a most valuable chart. Tbe author is Rose Champion de Creapigny. and her work will be thoroughly appreciated by those who see it, and especially by those who hail from Scotland. The chart may ha seen at our office, State Education.—At a" meeting of the | Hllle Ministerial Association held at Mount Barker on Monday, February 17, the follow ing reeolution was passed and ordered to be I published" That this Association, repre senting five distlnot denominations in the. Rieotoral District* of Mount Barker and Onkaparinga, protests against the effort now being made to give capitation grants to pri vate and denominational schools, believing suoh proposal to be an Injurious interference with the present national system, and tbe in sertion of the thin end of the wedge of State aid to religion. The proposed innovation has not been asked for by tbo great body of the electors of this oolony, but is the nntcome of pressure brought to bear npon politicians in the emergencies of an election." Taxation Reform League.—The usual fortnightly meeting of the Taxation Reform committee wae held on Monday evening, February 17, at the Yonog Men's'Christian Association Rooms, tbe Hon John Darling in the chair. It was resolved that a Parlia mentary Committee be appointed to prenare a series'of questions to be put to candidates gt the coming elections. "Why do American Hop Bitters core so much ?" Because they give good digestion, rich blood, and healthy notion of all the organs." 55vdl ' NORTHERN TERRITORY" ELECTORAL ROLL. —Attn a full enquiry into the statements, made by tbe Bon. J. L Parsons in reapeot to the electoral roll of the Northern Territory,: the lav cffioert of the Crown and the Betnrn-: ing Officer have reported to the Minister i of ■ Education that tboy eee ho : reason to donbt tho legality of any elec tion tbat might be founded trpon the eleotoral roll ae it-estate at present Mr, Pareona having forwarded along telegram at bia own expense to the Miniater on the sub jeot, has.been informed by wire of the reanlt of the inveatlgation, j Boeing at Gockbcrn. — An influential' Snblio meeting wag held at the C ctbarni Lotel on February 19, and the' following j resolution wee passed That the attention 1 of the Commissioner of Crown Linda be drawn to tbe undermentioned facta—1. That tbe borfng plant at present in use about sixty miles from Cookburu wilt shortly be at liberty; hence it was deemed advisable to eeonre it while in the neighbourhood. 2, That tbe present water anpply ie altogether unreliable and inadequate, ie in a dirty state, and during the latter part of the year 1888 was completely exhausted and for a long time quite unfit for human consumption, and at I present the supply is low and nnsatisfaotory. 3, That tbe present maohinery for patnping 1b old and unreliable, 4. That Cookburn being tbe Border town and Cuetome Station, also the direct etook route from Queensland, it is both necessary and to the interest of stockowners to have an effioieut water supply." Mr. T. S. Caret.—Wo understand that Mr. T. S. Carey, well known aB a printer in Adelaide, has accepted tbe position of Editor of the Australian Christian World, publiehod in Sydney, Mr. Carey will leave Adelaide with his family in two or three weeks. The Moonta Miners.—At their weekly meeting on Monday afternoon, February 2(, tbe Directors of the Moonta Mines considered tbe demand made by the miners for an iu preaeo in tbeir wages, but came to no doolsion in tbe matter. The Railway Commissioners and the Forestry Department.—dome friction has arisen between the xlu.ilway Department and the Forestry Department in respeot to two paragraphe that have lately appeared in the Preos. On February 4 wo announced that the Railway Commissioners had "intimated their willingness to take the whole of the 20,000 sleepers which tbe Forest Deps.it ment have on band." Tbis statement the Commissioners deolored to be "absolutely untrue," and their contradiction, whioh was made on February 4, appeared in print next day. The following correspondence on the matter in dispute may help to throw light on the affair: — Letter from the Conservator to tbe Commissioners "February 3, 1890. Uentlemeu—da I In formed you this morning I have aome 1G,090 9-ft. sleepers lying at Bruoe, Hammond, and Laura, which I offer to you at 4s 3d. oaoh" Letter from the Commissioners to the Con servator " February 4. Your favour of tbe 3rd instant is to hand. We note that instead of 20,000 you offer 16,000 broad-gauge Blcepera at Biuce, Hammond, and Liuta, at tho price of 4s. 31. each. An Impeotor started tbis morning for the purpose of examining the sleepers, and' all thoBe be passes as being in aooordauoa with the speci fication we shall be prepared to acoept at tbe price named," Census Conference. — The Government have been asked to send a representative to the Intercolonial Census Conference, which will.be opened at Holt art on March 3. International Exhibition of Mining and Metallurgy;—A communication has reached the Government from the Agent General (Sir A, Blyth), con saining the oopy of a letter from the Hon, Secretary of an International Exhibition of Mining and Metallurgy which it is proposed to hold next year at the Crystal Pelade, Condon, inviting the oo-operation of South Australia in the .undertaking, Tne Seoretary (Mr. George-. A. Ferguson, editor of the Mininj Journal) forwards a prospectus, settiug out the scope and objeots of the Exhibition. Tbey will include the following subjects Gold mining and modern methods of ex tracting gold from refraotory ores; silver mining and the treatment of silver ores; diamond mining and the diamond iadustry; iron-ore mining and the manufacture of iron and steci: lead mining and manufacture; tin minicg and smelting; oopper mining and the extraction and manufacture of ooppar; coal mining and the machinery and ap pliances relative thereto; the petroleum industry; mining for precious stones and cutting and polishing; tne salt industry; mining for antimony, zinc, quicksilver, &a.; alloys, their manufaotnre and utilization: electricity in its application to mining ana metallurgy; ohemutry as applied to minerals; transit; an.l ambulance work and the saving of life in mines. A numerous and influential committee of raioiog engineers and cxpeits bus been farmed to aid the Exhibition, and the Guarantee Fund is rlrcady very considerable, The Government decided at a Cabinet meeting on Monday that the colony should be represented at the Exhibition. New Roller mill at Stockwbll.—Mr. J. F. Stange. of Stoekwoll, has contracted with Mr. J. Peter, G.E , Eagle Chambers, for the erection of a complete roller plant. The fine line of Richmond wheat-cleaning machinery will be used, and G. Dtverio's well-known roller-mill machines are to be imported to make an effective and oomplote roller-mill. Fine Art.—There arc on view at Melton's several wateroolonrs by Mr. E, D. Stooks, a landscape ait let now very well known In the Australian Colonies. He has been on a sketching expedition, in New Sonth Wales principally, and has jpst returned with & fall portfolio. Amongst his productions arc several of great merit, notably views on the Hawbesbnry, a striking picture of Ktama Ray, another spirited sketch of the Five Inlands,, Wollongong, some artistio views of Sydney, and a good view of Broken Hill. Altogether Mr. Stocks has made valuable nee of his time. A Sad Death.—The City Coroner con ducted an enquiry at the National Hotel on Monday afternoon into the oause of the death of Henry Turner, accountant to Messrs, Harrison & Whiffen, electricians, of Sydney. Mr. C. J. Ofcte, late Manager for tne firm, stated that Tnrnsr was about thirty-: three years of age, a stogie man, and a man of means. He had been in Adelaide for some months. During that time he stayed at Mrs. Powell's lodging-house, in the; eastern part of the city. Last week according: to other witnesses, he had been drinking,■' and on Saturday night was fntoxioated. He went into the bathroom, and sifter being missed by Ma landlady so mo time afterwarda waa found In the bath with hie head and body submerged. A doctor was called in, but when he arrived life was erfcinat. The Jury returned an open verdict. The deceased has no relatives in he uilooy, Return of tub Eaiu, of KlNTORfc—3Us Excellency tbe O'^vBruor 10 ix^jv.tto re* turntyVAdelaide from hU'ttip to New Za J»naW.Wii&J.;,' Tub QokxfiSUAKiJ Bailwa?-Commission. —As a "meeting on, Moh(l »yLo ('th'e.Ca m mi«i slon appointed to fapfiU hpoti'tneJdislriiblenea« of conettuofbsR a railway to tbe QaaeosUad Border, and upon the beet typeofttjfrfilerat' 'ing dare,'Mr: GeorgePilkiogton'.sto'rekeeper, of Farina and ' Tnnamlooka,: was examined as to tbe quantity-; of stores b6jf': being sent to plaoee 'on tbe Queeceiand Border, and the probable traffio w blob might go over a branch line froth Inoa mincba or any other point on the threat Northern Railway. Mr. R. A.' White, Civil Engineer, was oalled to give evidenoe on the sobjeot of refrigerating care and an invention whtoh he ooneidered would meet tbe reaulrements of the Booth Aus tralian Railways to this reapeot. It is like y that the Commission 'will goon their pro jected trip-to Innaminoka and Birdeville, and down the Birdeville route, in May. The trip will occupy about three weebe, Pbisonebs' |Aip Association (Yatala).— A oommlttee meeting was held in Mr. James 8oott'« office on Friday, February 2L. The Treasurer (Mr. G. C. Knight) reported that the contraot for the four window* of the Church at the Stockade had beeu let to Messrs. Wtgg & Bona. One prisoner who had just been released wanted his passage paid out of the colony, and the request was granted. It was agreed to allow tbe Secre tary of the Benevolent Strangers' Friend Society a certain amount to provide meald and beds for prisoners as they oa 110 to him. Subscriptions amounting to about £60 were announced, leaving a balanoe in hand about £20. The Treasurer reported reoeipts of a large parcel of clothes from Mr. D. Nock; J.F., and a parcel of books for the library from Mr. J. Scott, J. P. Tbe number of cases assisted sinoo last meeting numbered seven. A Sixgupab Stobt.—Considerable excite ment haa been oaused in Euros by repot ts as to an extraordinary animal having been seen in a swamp at Wylonemby, about fourteen miles distant (says the Enroa correspondent of the ArgutJ. Tbe ewamp is about IS) yards across, and a creek fl o wt through it. For six years or more tbe swamp is reputed to have been the haunt of something abnormal, tales being told of dogs flying out of the place and never again being induced to enter. Last week a couple of young men went into the swamp for the purpose of cutting reeds, which are 6 ft. high and very tbiok, when they were alarmed by a sudden splashing and snorting near at hand, and the rushes waved as if allowing passage to some large animal. They quiobly retired, but next day one ventured back to carry out tbe reeds he bad out, when he was'again alarmed by strange sounds. He leaped upon a log, and at some thirty paces away saw a large head npreared, [ which he likens to t hat of a bulldog. It kept this position for about ten minutsB when it disappeared, the motion of the rushes giving the idea of on animal eome thirty feet long. The yonng man was greatly scared. On a report of the occurence appearing In the : local journal, a party of Euroa sportsmen went out to the swamp, where they were joined by looal residents on horeebaok. After 1 beating about for more than au hour they were' ' about to givo up the quest when a sudden' rustling was heard, and two of the party eaw en enormous tail, as tbiok as a man's thigh. i disappearing into tne large trunk 01 a fallen tree; A ahot was fired at the animal, but its efleot it a matter of oonjeoture. Attempts were made to dislodge the " bunyip" but without avail, the only result being a small black snake, which was quiokly dUpatohed. Night coming on the party retired, nut will, again visit the soene on Saturday. Those who saw the animal desoribe it as being of a yellow colour underneath and a dark brows above, "as thlok as Mr. Barr's bslltopper." It la supposed to be an immense serpent suoh ae is ionnd in Queensland. Electbic Lighting bob Rmpwiys.—Last night (savs the Age of February 19) the "Enterprise," the first of the wo boudoir cars built at the Newport worksnops to the design of Mr. Alison Smith, for nss on the Portland line, was lighted by eleotrioity for the first time. The oarriage oonta&s; seven oompartments, eaoh of whlob is in tended to aooommoaate. four persons, and one compartment for two persons, and in each there is a ten-candle power inoandes oent light, two or three extra ones being placed in the passage or oorridor, whioh rune the whole length of the oar. The eleotrioity is generated by an ordinary dynamo, whioh in this case will be located at Bailarat' Station, and is conveyed to secondary' batteries or aoon mutators, wbloh when in nee will be placed underneath the body of the. car, and there is a sufficient current stored . in the ceeomulators to keep the whole of the lights burning for abont eight bonra. So far as'last night's experiment was con cerned it was perfeotly auoceisful; the light obtained wae clear and steady, and far supe rior to that given by the ordinary oil lamp, Mr. K. L. Murray, eleotrioian to the Beu wev Department, arranged the plan for the lighting before bis departure for England a few wcthB ego, and it is understood that if the experiment is a suocees the eleotrio light ing of the carriages by this system on at least the anburban lines will be oarried ont. A plant for charging the batteries has been procured, end will te erected in Spenaer street Station-yards, from which the accu mulators will be charged in the daytime. It is hoped the system may be in more general nee within the next twelve months, m Mr. Murray while in England will make enqui ries with a vlow of ascertaining the best means of oatrylng it ont, and it is hopsd be will be able to gather a large amount of vain able information thereon. As Ecclesiastical Will—The will of the late Very Bav. John Fitxpatriok, of East Melbourne, vicar-general ot the Keman Catholic Church, has (says the Argus) been lodged in the olfioe of the Master in Equity that probate might be obtained for it. The executors are the Very Rev. Thorna? Dcnaghy and the Rev, P. J. Aylward, Roman Catholio clergymen. The testator died on January SI, 1890\. Be made bis will on January 9,1889. lib left tn) real estate, and bis personal estate was valced at £601. Be directed that after payment of all bis jnet debts and funeral testamentary expenses, bis executors should band over to the Roman Catholio Archbishop, of Melbourne all his furniture, books, and. pictured, and ail hie ohalioes and sacred, vessels, the furniture, books and piotnres for use at St. Patrick's Presbytery, and' the. Ohalioes and saered vessels to be kept for use. in St. Patrick's Cathedral. He dhreoted that £25 should bo expended in masses for the. repose of his soul, and five guineas free of all duty paid to the sacristan of fit. Patrick^' and to eaoh of the indoor servants employed by 8k Patrick's Presbytery at the time of the testator's death. The rest of his estate was to be applied in carrying out the building of 8k Patrick's Cathedral. "The greatest appetiser, stomach and liver regulator—Dr. Soulc'e Amerioan Hop Bitters." 55vd4 