LEONARD LINDSA Y oa, \- HET . STORY OF A- BUCCANEER. .?O1US Br REACH, rSOId0i O ''F PREVIOUS CHAI'IT S. (,eamel t.'asay. the naratnr of thte srt of t'oe rxetecnth ecntnry, intolncee himelf t, the noder as the o of i Fie herma~.oe who bar laken t, tit ns hise profesion, and in Itnt. bhinghen twenty two wran otf age, hi oahiprd in the oliden titae fohr Itcditre?d an thn "e:t?e. While inate tiry of fteo?y leosnat folls orerle?rl from alof in a role. the ah'Ins foev-topma.it bo.ia aitrlala. On thio he rupgarto himacl ftes da or two till ircked up by a taUt'eal Plenoh feh.a+ 1boao for the ?Vest Idlc-.. Finding th t the t?al, tat of th' r',el .eao( to re1l bion, na .h?e; bh.. with the as't orme f, an h~ris loe nnor Wnlight tetiledion ,'eo'it of the hurt le hod akrcn ir the ecoition of 'hokiLL , l.Xe-apes with annr and p, isions inn rlo ll hxm wen the fetu onae th. Amrne n c'nnt. Hien emnano vm a "Btiaenr h ttlerent in time to wain it of an impeoondin attack toernmor h.herhuol, amoeog whom are many ao horhme. n?l mcctl, with moani r seroane tn toen. Whie itennl tl awnay o n ne expelditi., the Spanish return. atta and cpture the etle uentr aftera ,ewre battle, and compltrtl olate and diopei the Iliacm?'o. CHIIPITER VI. ow TOn? DEADLT rEayn oP "ZX COA FSrzots Stoh wso the history of the treacherous Spanish attack which dctroved the senttle -rot of the Iarmonotte. Our first care ws to learn bow the party we had mot in with were armed, and great wos our delight to find that the Indians carried two genn apiece, nearly all the muskets in the village hinng been brought into the woeds. Besides there o". 1alu,udaun e of ammunition. After Sshotb ,snoultation. it wao determioed to tae treo onoe. and although our nmb.ter woild somewhat overllour her, t eron to the other side of the Ilyr, where we had more .ecurity against being molested. Havin therefore scarefully looked to our pieke` we clambere, doin the hank, and anadingr by the canoe, nonanimnously invested Stout r-es with the command of the* eupeditien. As the Indians uoed the papdle moost dextOerouly, tery were Met in work fl propel uo, and with Stout Jem for steesonan mw set out. On our way I began to experience a drowasiaeo , wenih I had befod, felt, hot immediately rhecin. Now, however, the senpation, amountiwg indeed to one of impoading stpore. lepant again to overpower me. My shin fell rnon my cehat, and I had little anchce of disoarbed sleep.-in which curioue oanfusel iduas, and odd combinations of wards andl thiag, seemed to t into my brain. ?d which, when I started up again, whioh I wonld do every minute, ?ed away hke phantomo, so that 'I could not too my life rnemeber what I had been dream. in of the moment before. .ll thi time I w inwardly urged to speak. I seemed to Uaee nothing to say, hut still somethino trced my tongue and lips to more, and all at oe 1 called out '" Is-that a black Corby on the thor-hbush aearibe boat's grapnel 1" At this extraordinary speech the English menia the canoe ta-ned ahorp round to; me, anfoautJeom n?ked what I meuant. At hi. :nioe all the dreamy ensatic?ns left me, and I felt myeelf blushing up to the roots of my hair, and wondeing what I had aid, for 1 remembenred not a word. " Here," said Stout Jem, kindly, "swallow thi, mygnod boy; and he held mea great flask o pirta. n You have been brething eer-manch marsh fog on an empty stomach, bit you'll live ·l pay off Jack Spaniard yet." I took the flask and held it to my head, when asuddenly the greasy leather, bottle appcarelto welland lengthern, until it oemed a puncheon which I held. A curious nervous felia- came crawling overmy limbs, and my breath grew thick, and my ayes dim. The first taste of the brandy banished these sen. sations, and the cordial marvellously rectored is. "You mtut eat somewhat when we rqde ashore," said NicEky. "I am ravenous; and then we will consult on what we? can do to take our revenge." "No, no; no eat," said Bluo Peter, the Xooqoitn Indian; , sleep moel, dleep good, emoke pit,, and oloep oooh and long." Bout l ftomuch better that I fully in tended to make a good dinner. We landed in one of the boobshy coves which abound in the frith of the Marmomoette, and which ,old not be seen by the Spaniards on the other bank. Stout Jem then despatched the lodians to hunt, and orderel the waet of the party to .til in building a hut. Nicky and amyself, l.orceer, were C o weak from want of food, that ze were mxcused; and the Dutohman, having some bicnito and imokod bee in his pocket, gencrouly ?ye ns enough to make a good moe Ieantime, Stout Jem, Blsck Diamond, and Meinheer were actively at work. They had two hatchet and their long knires, and with these they felled and prepared sufficient wood for their purpose, driving stakes, into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with the skill of exnerienoed foreltrs. Nicky and I were then set to work to pull a quantity of aense long gras which grew upon the beach, for beds: and one of the Mosquito men re taming, he kindled a fire, and began to cook the hindquarter of a fine boar which he had thot in the wood. Meantime I was plucking the gra., sometimes nating by the seaside, for fult weak and ill. The food Iliad eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed trangel. and my skin wad fevered and dry. Then these horrible wandering thoughts began to come again, and I squeezed my ead wth myhbanh, a though I ould thus drive them out. Sometimes thought I felt again the hut marsh vapour sickening the air; then the sea- breeze fanning me, I would tear the clothesa-from my chest, a put back my long dank hair to let the blessed cool wind play reely on me and cool my seething blood. All at once I saw, under the shade of a genmpa tree, a tall stout man, who stood aotionle-s, and watched me. Deeming him a Spaniard, I would have shouted out, but may tongue refused to obey me, and turning hot and dlry, rattled an it were against my teeth, while no sound but a low hLos could I doom. Still the figure stood there; andnow I aw a glimmer as of a naked weapon which it hebld. The sun being now setting. his rays came slanting down, and one of these quirering through the trees fell full upon the face of the strangme, and I saw that it was Walsle, with his fnat eyec ?ht?ng at me, just as they glaed when the su· k ro?e in the mangrove canal, and p:lJcd him don kenooeath his crunching teeth. I etxod trembling and trying to pray. The faruren were livid and blue, and the ye sunok and expressionleso, yet hor r ly l:ight. Just at this monment one of the last puffs of the sea. breee chak the treee around, and the snolieht falling in a different stream, and 4hequered by onter branche upon the appeer ance, the face gradually seemed to change. EeaL --ofter feature melted away, until the agonised countenance of the unfortonat3e \--.an was gone, and, instead of it, there emained the massive featurea and pensive grarvity of mc preserver on board the French -man- WVright. Just then the weapon, which I had formerly ohberved to glitter, moved. and Isaw the flgre heave up a great broad axe on one hand, and point to it with the other. It wao, indeed, t.ie regicide, withthe nblem and the instrument of his deed. Making a nudden effort, I bursnt the leaden bonds which seemed to confine me, and withl a strange courage, rushed forward. As I dd the plumntom grew dimmer and dimmer, andwheIplnced my hand opon ito brenst I felt but the gnarled bark of the genitia tree, whilt the axe, at the same instant, seemed t, bec?me a branch with clustcring foi-age dfaring in the wind. I gree d' it~y sick and faint. "Oh, my God!" I murmured, "I am gnig mad Ify brain is whirling, and my seyea make mo see things which are not l" and so I sank upon the ground and sobbed. Pro aendls, I wan somewhat better, and Imanned m~ysef. "It in bot a feverish attack," I thought. "I will return and try to sleep." It was, howeer, with some difficulty that I ar?ivedatthe hat. My limbe felt . if loaded with lead, and the pain of an intense head ache went like hot are wires into my brain. When I reiached our half.finished abode, I as everylthi. t'cough a srs of JAzo and the rTowrs at tmy ear appeared to come from miles away. iw noun placed, lying upon bundles of grasn, In the windward side of the but, and after that I remember little more of what happioed dding three nights and three da.ys. Only?I know that y sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to ramble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, I would seemto be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. The sun would hine, and thecorn rustle. and the yellow broom by the burnie's banks smell sweet in the summers breath. But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were, searel, and the souncre of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could spnak to none. L saw m o mther sitting on a sandy knowe, resting her hes? upon her hand, and lookiagovrer the bluesea. But when I wouid enmbrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancry I was at sea; sometimes it was in tho old fisher-boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the Ixnt wolnd lie moveless as though nailed to the unetirrins sot. Sud denly my father's eyes would look into mine with a long wan stare, and so would we sit glarin; at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, and years, and ages, would appear to come and go and bring no change. Anon the mood woull alter. Then I was on hIard the old brig Jean Livingstone, with a merry breeze and a blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay would seem under our lee, with the ruined towers of abbeys and churches rising over the green links, and fading from our sight as we worked galltly seawands. But the scene would straightway change to a furious storm in a mid-winter night, with the f?rn of the sea and the snow-flakes flying :ogether. Then round the light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, era in a intu mine-faces with ehaguy, antique honeds like the ancient sailors ot Sir Patrick Spens, long, I ng aleepingin the wild North Sa ; and si, sumaounded by these fithy eyes of hapleas drowned mariners, I would feel the gend brig seen to toander beneath my feet, sthat I would start etru.gling ap from mr bed of gra. erving out that I was drowunig-that the boiling waves were chok ing me: Thhi was my seasoning fever, as they called it. and, though it did not last long thanks to the good treatmnet and the medi cinal herbs of the Mosquito men-it left me passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from the stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been cut dese, and my head was tied round with freshly-planked painltain leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled but was open to the breeze on everyside, and as it con tained but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up for mJy use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw Teveral pots, pans, baskecs and boxes scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been atle to recover sense of the wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita. tiuns. And thin, indeed, I found afterwards to be the cace. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot The fever had thoroughly left me, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the smouldering fire of the bocean floating into the hat, and soon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his eyes sparkled when he saw me so much re covered, and proesently csling the ret together, they all shook hands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for I had fore reached on the marsh fever, and would soon be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was., I grew vary hungry, and, being sell fed, re gained my strength faet,?eo that, two or three days after the fever left my blood, I was abroad edifing the cool breezes of the Except two men- both Fr.eneh-whohie joined when I was ali, none of the survivors of our original party had turned up; some of them had no d-ubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to the eastward, as, indeed, many pre viously intended; but wefeared that upwards of one-half of our comrades wret either captives, who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cuba, or had already-and the fate of these latter was more to be enried died with their wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able .to work for some time after my recovery, and the rest of the party being engaged in the usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the boncan. it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down towards the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from the north-west acrso the ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant, I pre pared a mast with a small lug sail, ouch as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scoene of the late con test. I found nearly every trace of a settle ment destroye-t. The rude ~ctty was all bat demolished, ant over the r:ins of the snat tered huts, great crops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which they found in abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little moanda. rory green. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interrtd their dead, nat on their de parture, which happened on the day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beeath the mould. Upon the harkof the great tree-I was a pains to carre a deep croes: for, though .the symbol in Europe be the mark of a' coliupt and idolatrous eburchb, still I felt that in the wilderness it might bear a treer and a wider meaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Chriatim men. CIL~PTER VII. ruE oTCANerEaS mnE or Ton LIPF et enone, antv E?rEnT e GO AoaoN To nSEa. Searching about the place, I often die covered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to oar new settlement, such as hammers, harpoonus for striking fith, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas; and twice I dng up from the nruins boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very wrelcome to us atll. In one of these trunke I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail my~slf, inosmnuch as I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of te greatest service to me. Neither did my companions mgrudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party oonversaut with that tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea. snantly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the bouaen prepared for them at the village on the east aide of the bay, havingpued and none of them appearmg, we concluded that stragglere from our old company had snoceeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, and had informed the merchanuta and planters there of the attaeks of the paiardls, and the ntter rain of the etl?ment, dding, .very probhbly, that they 'were the sole srnirors of the massrcre. It, therefore, bcamo a question with as what to do. The French men were for jwou eeieg alono the coat to the westward, and then, watehing an oppr tunity to go acros to Tortugas; but Stont Jem told them they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his own oountrymen had something to say m matters, an opinion which the rest of the Eng as well as the Dutchmen and the India who do not lprplIv KFrene joined in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, weren very good fellows, on this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jom to the death. "Say you so, my bos ?" cried the Dover mariner. "Then so be it; and what I pro pose is this. Here he nine stouat men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruined by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again." This proposal mneeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft his bat. " We have had enough of the shore this bout, mates," quoth he. "I want to bhear the wind whistle through tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet." " Yah, yah, ' said the Hollander. " We zasl be Zee Roovers once more;" and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For omy partI was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had an businese to be fol lowing a hunter's life ushore. I had not very much taste for shsoting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, tsoling and storing them ; and, although 1 had always cheerfully taken my turn to wat?h the boncan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ooean, and I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, he was that easy kind of goinr man, that he seemed to eare very little whether he was on land or sea. He worked, ate, drank. sang, and slept, aid thenm so maisily ext day to go throarh the same routine. But Stout Jem, who was the life and soul, as well as the capnia of eur party, was a sailor all over. He had been maty years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot. understood every current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every nb aeauneing trick for easing of their cargoes the tmnsure-shipe of thei iut before we would go to -sea. we must have a veseL.; and saing the canoe, which was hardly fit for a eruiser, we were as un provide? as thoukh we lived on the top of a neantain. There wa?uathing therefore far it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, :ot to wait until the Spaniards should oame in a ship to us, that is to say, in sunh a small ship as we could master, and afOerwrds maznage. We might indeed have not found muach difft?lty in entering on Enjoliel privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the coast: but being aouaaioted with -each other well, we preferred in .the first place to capture suh.ar nall eaft as we could man, af?arwards making sedh additions to :our crewa might from time to time be resolved on. In theameanwhile, werootinued to khnt and prepare the fleah of wild eattle and bears, as that we §ould have a good stock of pro visions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I hare said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the "Mos quito Indiana to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to acompany themin these expedi ti.n. and if they ane forced to allow a white san into tbe canoe, they will pur poealy miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike. and so return empty handed. However, I bring a great favourite with Rloe Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as.I had it in my power to make, of chowing my gratitude, he made no objeetions to myaecompanying him and his comrade in many of their expeditions. We used to start before sunrise, Blue Peter inthe bows of the canoe. and Jack in the stemrn, both paddling quickly, while I at amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and rurelyas the Indiansnon theBlos??to.coast. They hold the shaft of the,puddle almost upright, never touching the gunwale there with, or splashing rudely in the water. On the contrary, the broad part of the paddle dip as clean as a knife, and the-canoe glides. with a perfectly smotll and rapid motion, ao that, did you not observe howlaot the water rippleb by, you would hardly think you were. mormg at all. Athen pursn ing the manatee, oar usual game, the head of the canoe was turnaed up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, where the mangroves rared their dismal groves, and where the watergrau dulyb eomingbrackihsanomunddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow-bladed. gmas on which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for hnimself that he has teader white febh, tasting like real, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which the Buccanoers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmoleoted in the warm muddy water, nibbling theotreaminggrces,as thelazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like erer, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-lookling head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muady bank into the river, or a squatting flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, must submit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to the feeding-ground which he loves, the Indians would paddle with double caution, and Blue Peter, who was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about eft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the bbwnood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the crea ture s flesh, the staffcoming..unloosed from the irdn, and the hle ropidly unwinding from the bobwood, as the stricken creature dies in its auony and fear. The Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I ahall not soon forget the first manatee hont I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and glided silently along the green shore, from which the mist of the night was lifting and rollina in white clouds far up the moua tains. After long skirting the mangrove wood, we turned from the main channel i to a namrw creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could noi even hear the water at the canoe's 1ow, her mould was so perect, and so steady the strokes whichpropelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they wero lifted alone made a slight tinkling sond. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blow, and the sun came down scorchingly upon the tangled wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced likebright, clearoil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered rouenand the trunk of a rast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tancled heap of soaking gr.os and weeds. The kneeling Indian cr? ehed as if he were a gasen imaioe of ebony or bronze, and I saw the Boating weeds more, and heard a grinding, splutter iag soundas of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outatretched; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her cosrse, Blue Peter stood erect, and raising his rightarm, with all the muscle swelling out like knots and lumps of irn, darted the harpoon, as in appeared to me, into the centre of the moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and. plunge, and the canoe rocked upon a ware, which cattered the Boating herbage, so that I anw disappearing in the water the broad brown back of areatureaslargea rcow. Blue Peter, the instant he struack, sank again upon his knee., and snatching up the paddle, p?enared tomore. Meantima I coldsee ototing of the harpoon, for it had been carried under water. The Moaquito men then talked to each other in their own tongue, pointing to the direction in which the manatee appeared tohave dived, and then bgun to paddle lustily. About five minutes might hase elapeedl, when Blue Peter ex claimed ,' o!--thee rI' g. painted. I, looking In the same direction, descried the staff of the harpoon seeming to fly along the surface of the water, the round bobhwste throwing up a foam aft. high.- Then the Mosquito-man pulled hard in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. The muscles of their naked arms and chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts eracke, anod the canoe seemed at every stroke tobe lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never we eitherharpoon or quarry; but, on a auddm, the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sank to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and began to pull upon the line. Imme diately that the wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrate and stretch ant in a direction abeam of theeanso; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering- addle, swept the bows round in the drection taken by the manatee, while Blue Peter fastened the line to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as l ex peoted, and straightway we began to more ahead, Peter erabching in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of an hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly-that the foam whizzed past us--aonclmhnging his coarse so suddenly, that laul not the eanoe been steered with perfect skill he would have draggedusunder water. The,kistrength be ginning to ebbfrom him fast, we haulednpon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water. I pitied the poor creature, as he puthis head above the ssrface, and grnel.d and moaned; after his fashion. but he was won out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after' one or two struggles and plunogethe manatee turned over upon its back, dead. We towed him ashore, and searing him to a tree, preeutly. paddled of in search of more game of the sane sort. But upon the whelp. I Fetter lovaled our fishing expeditions than the hbunt of the mantes. The poor defenfe?? brute always inspired me with pity. Thereis a meekness about his face which mores one. He makes no attempt to turn to hbaur show fight; but is h?laghtered as uaeedotingly . as a calf. and the haunts he lover are the muddyand unwholesome enauls among tie manates swamps. But Icgpearong fiah we oftea rowed down the bay to ?tne rocky points and lsages of reef which formed the outer mostherns of the la?roo. There the clear, blunesa, spangled by theasrry strength of the sea-breeze, stretched illinitably out, and the everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up among the rocks, now aad then giving the bu:hev a taste of the savoar of brine. It was in the still pools and channels, formed by b-vakwatersof rock, that the canoe was then navignted. Let the sea. breeze be blowing, and the surging swells be tossing in. as hard rui lfa as they might, there was alwavs calm water behind the reefs-soalr :m and so clear: I might think that I was looking into the swirlinrs of our treot-pool in thoe Bal wearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sea-weeds at the bettom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air. but a fathom down beneaththe keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent water, s raetimee scraping the battered side of our skiff a ainst the rough coral edges; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary burlt upon the outside reef, the Moequito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, his Flsck, dashing eyes fixed-on the water as though he would note every scollop in the edge of the jagged sea-weed,.or every wary ridge on the bed of white sand, and his long thin fish-spear darting oocasionally down into the flood to lee straightway drawn, bendinr and quirvring, back with a noble fish, writhing anud floundering, impaled upon the barbs. Alwais upon these expeditions I kept a peod 'look out seaward, and often mounted" pin necles of rock that I might have the better liew. Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently set on board a small vessel slippiing quickly down to the westruad, or boating painfully to windward; but the barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of theircharac ter or country. During the period of my sojourn in His panials it was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut-that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round ai great chest, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughta of the rich palm wine, and told in tarn stories of our lises and adventuees. The hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not unfrequently putting it t altogether. We at upon bundies made of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and reast, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strage ragamnflnus, with our faces hurt to mahogany colour by the sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted : and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cat in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head and commander of our party, sat ou'a kind of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squltted cn their hams, and .peaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for money, of which we had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle which we had killed and flayed; but as the ploy was always fair and the dice true, it was gene rally found that no one either lost or gained much in thelong run. It was, however, the story-telling nights I loved the best. Many of the tBaes thesi told were indeed very vulgar and common, and unworthy of being recorded, turning solely upon butaterics of the Spaniards at sea, and upon great seasons of debauch, after a suocesaful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were told of ghosts and omens, and such extravogaanc, which the superstitiouns nature of sailors cauoe them to b?li.cve and tq h-trken greedily to. I hef;ri many such historiec. both at this time and afterwards, and I design to iIuert one here, not because I think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen. of, the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearancers which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listeniced to with no lesa eagress, and in recounting it I willendeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, hu hana g.?od flow. Stout Jem called his h story " The Legend of Foul Weather Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTEI?R VIII. Stout Jem told it thus: '.My story, mates, is a strane one, and I say nor whetherit be ro e or fakse. I heard it in the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who told it to us, said, that when he Fwa a boy he sailed wilth the man to whom the thing hap need, in a big ship which hailed from Bristol That the spirits of the dead walk the world - y, and sail the seas -is a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot ell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible mariners and brave and "aber. men have assured me of things which have made my marrow crecp, , and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh. Well, then, about this story. The man to whom the ad`enture happened, was name Ned Puris, a mariner- It must be nsgh sixty years ago since he sailed out of the portof London on a trading voyage to the tout of Guinesa. Purvis was then a rounker, there being little better than a year since he had followed the sera, and this was his first vroyage abroad; he having under taken i inthe hfly of his uncle, a good old man, of a mild dispoition, and well loved of the crew. As for Ned Purvis, he was a reokles ruffling blade, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and Lreatly loved his nephew, aid thought much of the lad's spnk and wild spirit. So they salled amtherly, as became navigators, bound as they?were to traffic for spices and rich oils and adld with the blacks of Africa. " having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and cleaoant weather, and sought occurred until the eevenih day from that it which they Raw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through the water and no more, for the breeze was but a puff, and thebo sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in it, no close abeard that you might tors a biscnit into her. It was curious,. mates that almost all the men on deck now her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside; and vet no one oad soen her approaching. But strange as that. was, comt rades, it was not so strange as the cut of the 'boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in her. The tomt and stern of the craft were very high. and ended in curled biteof carved woo? Her gurwale, too, was alletrved and sculptured, nm sech a way as yon may have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in England and France, and the Low Countries, being very artifinal work done with'gravers and chisels. "?ed l'rvis remembered afterwards, whena he naw a great Spartils painting of Cihtnisphcr Colnumbus, landing on his-econd aoy-age pon the island of Iispaniola. that rthe admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ofmaneuted after the fashion af thatof which I am nos telling you. And the nsn, mates, looked ae old as his boat. He had on a high comical hat, with a feather in it, and he uwf a grave-ealoured doublet, of an old fashion, with idashes in the thetarms, and brocaded lowers embroidered thereon. Round his neck was a stitff ruff. He had rcl strckiurri. noad grvrt huntihe. of ribbon in hIris h . Thire farce f this otrange perwa was evie :re md gmrre. it' bad so moentalchoir, but a thin pelak-d beard which fell ever his frill. Everrvaw nod then he amsiled'with a strange, wild expression, which war that of a titter sreer; and his eyes rhor. sparkling light, which wawtony and cold. .and from which amen taurned their hea·2,,an if by instinct. Well, tkea. the cap tain. when he saw this quer erniser, 'semed faneinated, and gazed uponk Lim, o you mar 'have seen small birds on the bherhs gaze at enakes. whose eyes glitter out of' doe gras beneath, and presently the taain'i the boat waved his arm, as a sinal to thow on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before -the old captain could prevent him, Ned fuang a rope to the stranger, who straightway casught hold of t and moouted on deck. "' Whlre is your captains ?yas he, in a hisev, harsh voice. "t'ho old man comes forward, as pale as a corue. and quoth he " 't .the name of God, what want ye on hoatd-ay ship :" " ow, at the name of fiod, Nied Purvis tho'raht that the strange man startrd and shook; but he replied not. only taking the oil aptain by the hand, pointed to his boat, whlieh was toning astern. ' Meq, said the old rariner. faintly, 'he will not be denied; get his boat aboard.' But the crew clunk together in a body, and marmsrel to each oter. bar put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purris stood forward. "'VWho are you'' raid he, 'and why ehonld we take you or your boat aboard? "' You yourself asked me,' quoth the strangreman: 'you flnngthe rope; butfor that I should have floated past you. I never come but wiere some one welcomes me.' " Now. at this. Ned Purvis eonfessed that he felt like a great sinner, and all themen turned round and looked first at him and then at theetmnger. But Ned plucked up courage, sad determined to give them all bald words. So he walked up to the stranger, and said S' Well, I did heave you a rope; no true-hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you: if you be not, why, we are honest men here. having no crime upon our consciences. and we defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heare the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' "And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as foul with barnacles and sea weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group 'round the cabin, but they could bear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well. Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange ecenof the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. "' Nevvy !' says the old man, ' know you whom you have brought aboard into this hip C' "' Wihy, uncle,' answered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starring in a boat upon the ocan, more than a week's sail from land?' "'Ay, nervy,' quoth the old captain, ' any man, but not any phantom; it is more than a hundred years since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man l' " 'Do you know him then, uncle? says rled; ' have you ever seen him before t' "'"Ay, boy,' replied the old mariner; 'once, when I was a youth, he boarded a shlip in which I sailed, as he did ours to day.' • .And what did het' asked the young sailor, his heart flattering within him. " ' Raisred storms,' said the elder Purris, solemnly; ' raised a tempest such as I never srw before, and had hoped, until now, never Isessra.' " 'Then, in the name of God," says Ned, elenching his fiste, 'as I brought him on brird, I'll pitch him orerlearl, and Ill begin with his boat first.' Aud so saying. he began to make fast a tackle to tdo curled " 'Hold, hold!' said Cirptain Purris; 'ho must o by his own free will, or he will not go at all. " ' But who --ho. in thie devil's name, is he, uncle?' shouted Ned. " ' He is a restless phantom-a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. ' Ie was a cruel rap tain of Spain, who. holding a high command in HIisnpniolo, wrnmugh t great rulties to the nativee, and even to his fellow countrymen, namasing thus a great treasure, which he buried in one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies. to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain : at length this seemed to have arrived, anri in a stout vessel he set sail for the treasure island; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon him, and having partially re covered, he found his memory so gone thathe could not renal to his mind any signs by which he knew either the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanrding however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and weeks among the cluster called the Virgin toles, to the eastof Perto Rio--trever leeping. so they said who sailed with him, but always standing on the highest yard. gazing witlfully for his treasure he had buried. At length his crew lost patience, andins tel upon returning to Hispaniola; at this he fell minto furiotus fits of rage, but at last, they being obstinate, he swore a solemn oath that dead or alive, he would sail the sea until his treasure was either found aid spent or placed for : ever beyond the reach of men. And then, order ug them to put out a lxbt, stepped on laird, and they lefthim tfloating, an hunadred years a "g n? t as we fo4ul him tic after noon,' " "laut he has len sn svin ce,' tooth Ned, after a pause, for he did not k?os what to think of this store. " 'Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, 'and ouce, I tell you, I saw him, and he came on board and brought tempest with him; they called him " Foul-Weather Don,"' and learuned mn say he mlut keep his oath, in the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest till the terms of it lie ful tilled.' -,'' 'So he brought bad weather, did he:" said Ne?l, munilg. " ' Forthe three werks he was on txanl,' says the old man, ' tlse'last never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the mainvard.' " 'And what did he do all that time' cries Ned, again. " ' oe aat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, ' with his lack against the rudder. case, and never seoke word nor broke bread.' "' How did he leave your' was Nod's next suestion. "'?e rom one eevening, jutin the twilight, and ordered theaptain tq puat his boat into the water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that oao'--and the old sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottomoane bed of weed and barnacles 'but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking reas; and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Fodl Weather Don stepped to the gangway, and from theaoe 'a board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on the tops of the great sea, .and standing up in the boat with his ha ds claped, as one praying: then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour thegale broke, the sea wet down, and we were again enabled to ky our proper course. "' And that is Foul-Weather Don doing in the catbinjust now ?' says Ned. "' Sitting with his back aaint?t the rudder-caw? ' answered Captain Purvis; Sand sce-look there:' the old man added, and he pointed to the east, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the ocean-there's the gale scoamiog. Before midnight Foul Weather Dln will have all his winds blowing about him' 