Chapter IX. The day following, Paul was downstairs before either Ida or Miss Ludington. He was sitting on the piazza, which was connected with the sitting-room by low windows opening like doors, when he heard a scream and Ellen, the housemaid, who had been busy in the sitting-room, ran out upon the piazza with a face like a sheet. 'What's the matter?' he demanded. 'Sure I saw a ghost!' gasped Ellen. 'I was on a chair dusting the picture, as I al- ways does mornings, an' I looked up, an' there in the door stood the very same girl that's in the picture, kind of smiling like. And so I give a yell an' run.' As she spoke Ida stepped out upon the piazza, and precipitately sheltering herself behind Paul, Ellen whispered, 'Sure there she is now!' On seeing that, instead of sharing her terror, he cordially greeted the ghost, the girl's face showed such comical bewilderment that Ida smiled and Paul laughed outright. 'This is no ghost, Ellen. This lady is Miss Ida Ludington, a relative of Miss Ludington's who came to live here last night.' 'I hope ye'll not mind me takin' ye for a ghost, miss,' said Ellen, confusedly; but sure ye are livin' image of the picture, and me not knowin' anybody was in the house more than the family;' and she disappeared to tell her story in the kitchen. Ida's appearance was noticeably calmer than the night before. There was, indeed, no indication of excitement in her manner. Paul inquired how she had slept. 'I should think you might have had strange dreams,' he said. 'I did not dream at all. I slept soundly,' she replied. 'But this morning when I woke up and recognized the familiar features of the room I have always slept in—the same books, the same pictures, the furniture just as ever —I had to sit down a long time to collect my thoughts and remember what had happened. I could remember it well enough, but to realize it was very hard. And then, when I went to the window and looked out and saw the meeting-house and the school house and the neighbours' houses, just where I have seem them from that window all my life since I was a baby, I had to sit down and think it all over again before I could believe that I was not in Hilton, and last night all a dream. She spoke in a low, even tone, which was so evidently the result of an effort at self- control, that it impressed Paul more than any display of mental perturbation would have done. At this moment Miss Ludington appeared on the piazza with a white, excited face, which, however, as soon as she saw Ida, be- came all smiles. She had scarcely slept at all. The thought had kept her awake that Ida might vanish as mysteriously as she had come. She had, however, at last fallen into a doze. On awaking she had gone to call Ida, and finding her chamber empty, had hurried downstairs full of apprehension. Immediately after breakfast, Miss Ludington, to whom Ellen's mistake, if mistake it could be called, had been related, took Ida upstairs, and made her exchange her white dress of the fashion of half a century before for one of her own, in order that her appearance might excite less remark among the servants pending the obtaining of a suitable wardrobe from the city. There was another consideration which made the change of costume not only desirable, but necessary. Ida's dress, which had not seemed the night before, to casual examination, to differ from other cloth, had began to crumble away in a very curious manner. The texture seemed strangely brittle and strengthless. It fell apart at a touch, and was reduced to a fine powder under the pressure of the fingers. She could not possibly have worn it even one day. The dress of Miss Ludington's for which she exchanged it, had been made for that lady when considerably stouter than at present, but was with difficulty enlarged sufficiently for the full figure of the girl. Like all but the latest of Miss Ludington's dresses, it was of deepest black, and, strikingly beautiful as Ida had been in white, the funereal hue set off the delicacy of her complexion, the pure expression of her face, and the golden lustre or her hair, like fresh revelations. TO BE CONTINUED. 