"ffloveflst. SHE HAUNTED HUSBAND; v" or,: lady CIictwyntTs Spectre' B Mrs, llAnniET Lewis. ' CHAPTER XI. — (Continued.) Her lovo and ambition woro both aroused, and she bent herself to the task of winning him sow, upon that very night. Sho . meant to renew her betrothal before she slept. c Qilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. Ho was equally anxious with .Sylvia for hormarriago to Gbctwynd, Until thai tnarrlago should corao off, his game in . regard to Bernico was blocked. \- lie wae tbiokiug thus when tbo ball porter opened the door and appnmctod bim saying " Mr. Monk, thcro's a low fellow in the hall who says be must ace yon. His name, which be says It's Flack—" Monk started. " Flack I" ho ejaculated. " Why, ho was a servant of mine. I'll bco him." He hurried out Into tho halt. Flack stood just inside tho great portal.. Monk tone: , " What's. up ? . Why aro you here?"- ' ,M Mrs. Crowl, she sent . mo," said Flack. RjwjMiss Gwyn left' Mawr Castle; tbo day v before yesterday, and wo baven't'scen her since" -' r- "Left'thc caBtlc?" u Yes, : sir, along with a porkmantlc, whioh she.carricd'in ber hand, and a wear ing of ft gray drea- vand'-veil, Mrs. Crowl iho thinks Mies Gwyw camo tbis.way, sir. It's along of o newspaper .which camo around a packet ot wools which the French .v. govorncss brought at Carnarvon. The news- . paper had a parrygraph that Lord Chclvrynd . waa at Genoa, and on bis way home. Tbat . - unsettled Miss, and she made off the same night. Have you Been her here ?" '. Thunder, no.. . She's here; In tho neigh- . borhood,'.1 cried Monk, in a panic. M Vou must watch here for ber, Flack. - Go over \- to tbo village inn and look for ber tlicr<. v- Bo in tbe edge of the .pmk .on ihe.cMt si«h v;. of . the.- houio after tliq Ifglita are out, I must ace you tLca— cun&ult; with you. 'I 1 cannot stay hero longer without excit . Ing suspicion. Wo must find the girl to- ' V Dlgilt," Ho returned to the libuse, concealing lila .t .v - anxiety and perturbation as best he could, v . He, passed the drawing room, going through -tho music-room lo Uio great conservatory,. <Y Into which tho drawing rooms, music-room, and tbe pink boudoir opened; Ho eat .'..-down in-a dtm nook among the flovrera, . . bis heart beating fiercely, and mattered : ; Bernico bore ! Bernico back at Cbct- . wynd l'ark ! blio will respect lirr bath. . - Bho will not reveal ber identity nor pre- \- jencs to her husband; but why aoes \- iho-como t I fear there's mischief ahead," " - -M: - ' CHAPTEU XII. tub i'IOitubtn white, \--. . . From tho !ow,:justic scat, upon which \- Gilbert had. flung himself, ho could look v Into the bright drawing room'aud hear the murmur of voices. . : Hi :wiBh Obctwynd would, fall in lovo ;j ';With -Salvia, " thought. Monk j "but bo . Vvremalns wedded to his fiist love. I wish ' ho would feci bound in honor or compassion. > :;/ to propose to Sylviii this very night, If sho /' were very skilful I should think alio might' ' lead liim on.' f ho were really and nclually ' engaged :to"SyIvla,'.l think I could manage ;'..f';Homi6e,V ' 'v . ilt, scorned as if tho futcs wero playiog ! . . bis lixnds fchut highfc, . - 1 . -Vyiiilo bo. lurked in. tlio great eon'ser A?»:f 1 yotory thnt flanked one end of the. house . :'. . ,and oponed upon saveral etato npartmenU, ,' '.flylvlk a low cli'air before the lire, livr i CRV bit of woollen cmlirnti tn,tt on Imp l- nun . the soft light Idling in' a flood upon her. V-iWftirtby, 'bnhdsomo; facb.- red checks aud- glossy black balr, conscious that ebo was . looking her best, -and prencnling n pretty v picture to the long homeless' young lord, '"1 , ' " I oiii glad to-be buck ngidn," said tbo marquia, liis grave bruwa shadowed by'hi3 ceaseless unrest and biUcr longings. "I thought In Abyssinia that I would give all «:.I owned, to trnnsport myself in nndnstimt' ' back to this dear old home. And now am \- hero, in the rooms brightened with her \- ' i joyous. presence, and the pain of being here , is, greater tbau I could liave dreamed. Jt .'..'seemtfos.' if Bornico were ncar'me, Sylvia, 1 ,.liaYQ uevor, had that Etmuge sense of the v; lioarucsa of her presence since I lost her. It ' , -eoms as if sho ,wcro in these rooraa— as U , i ; inlie might appear lo mo. at any moment— as :' ; .-if I might heat her voicu'civliing." ' ' V'Tbflt -iatvery natural, and very easily Iexplaincd," said .Sylvia, in her smoolh, \- silvery voice. " Vou left this place so soon. . After dear Dcrhieo'a death that hor prcsenco r Velill 8-cmc'd, as opo; might .Ray, to pervade ,v the house, 'You :como back -uftcr a long. v\ 'absonco, and everything reminds you of her. " ''ybu havo not grown- Vised to'thu.bouac with ball l ever get used to the house with- . ' ouv'iicrf" asked Lord Olict wynd, "Tlio edge of our griof miiat wear off ; spthe time/' sald-By 1 vltij softly. - "It must . loso its'llrst slmrpucBS, and become ft vague : ; . ; nnd tender, memory. Pcrbapa when. I'm ; gone you -will find, repose In your fond J - ; 7 memories .of Boruice. I love . Ohetwynd ' ..Park, nnd nil tlio peonlo unon-tlio estato. This is the only horaolhftvofn all thowldo' world. But I ninafc leave it, I am going r- ftway, soon, next week, if possible, and I t ' y phfill ncTer return again." " vVhy is thb, H>lvia? Why should you Icavo your home ? " Ah, llint Is It," ciied Syl\iti, p:ws!on« .altly, 11 It- is, not toy home, I have, no right In re. Can you' -n it uvo, ltoy ? Do you "not undciatand ? You force-. me to sn- ak plntniy. ' I have no claim'; upon you Boy, aiul-I can no longer live upon your bounty. 'Bi-eidefl," im«| lu-r vi-ice ir(:mhli!,T with the con3cioii3'ni:?d that 'she v,a« p'ny ing her lac r.ard hov/, "nly good name ib u»v inost cherished puRii fiiiion, Boy ; it in, in. truth, all I have, and: pcoplo tails becauso I remain berc." . ' Want do tiiey. darn to.cuy to the pro- Bunco of my atop sister in my house V1 Tncy say," replied Sylvia, drooping tier head still lower, "that. I was cncc betrothed lo you, nnd that you jilted mi', They » :y that — thnt I lovo yon aill, and that I am 'staying on here in hopes i,.> win you. And sol mntl go, Boy.- 1 could ii it Play on here bo long m n -fp.uk of truo womaukood remains in me, And- so— aud so— I'm going." .She covered her /nee' and secracd to- sob in nn ultcr humiliation nnd an guish. " There is only ono way in which yon can or1 will remain, I eupnose," ho ex- claimitVimpetuuuBly, "anil that ia— ub ray Wife," ( " Ob, Bay l". cried Miss Monk, raptur ously, cresting diur head in serpent fasldon, 1 hc'rdiiU.eycs buroing with lambent flames, ber red cbceks flaming into deeper carna tion. For an instant ChtLwjnri paused, be wlldcrcd. Misi Monk .waited for bim to savmorc. Ho comprehended thnt his un guarded outburst hnd been interpreted us a half proposal of nmrringo. Ilo was sick at heart for a brief spaco. Ilecovcr- ing himself, he said, with unconscious aturu- iiCFB : . . Sylvia, I ntfyer loved but once. My heart is buried 'with ray wife. AU my hopes rest in her coflln. Wc were ouco betrothed. You put on end to our engaccmcr.t, as I fancied then, -because you bad discovered that you did not lovo rac, hud I married Dcrnicc, My mother desired you aud mc to marry each other, vBernlce, dying, urged mo to marry yon, JLiid she fancy, in that lost hour, tbat you lored mo? Tho dying sco clearly, it Is said. - Perhaps sho bad heard of onr former onyagement, although tbat is scarcely probable. My mother loved you ; Bcrnico loved you. I cannot permit you to 6o forth to a life of toll and hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, and that I havo no heart to offer, will you bccomo my wifcl" . Tho color flamod again iu Miss Monk's face. "Ob, Uoy!Msbo breathed again, in rap ture. #I love you. To bo your wife is moro than I had honed. But I will devoto my life to you.- Wo will work together, and I know that I . can briog back to you a portion at least of your . lost hsppl- neeB." Chctwynd smiled sorrowfully. 11 Such n marriflgo is a one-sided affair," he said. " I have so littlo to glvo in return for your love. But I can spare you the toil and hardship ot ,ft governess's life. I can shield you from contact with the busy world, and I will try to make you hnmiy." Miss Monk arose swiftly and rushed toward, him with her soft, undulating raovcmculB, and flung herself upon bis breast. Ilo started back with agesturo of icpul- sion, but recollecting himself folded ono arm around -her. Titer wcro betrothed again, and lio could givo ber at least a brother's caresses, Uh, Boy, ibis hour pays mc for all I have endured I" cried Miss Monk. .."Ail I' ask is to bo allowed to mako ycu happy. I caunot liopo ever to toko the place of dear Bernice, but in time I may' comb to All a little niche of my own in your heart, I have-suffered so much. : My lifo has been one long death without you. Take me closer, Boy; .and give me tho; kiss of betrothal,. :.At last— at last," she went on, 11 1 am yours," Ohetwynd put both arms around her, and said, In a broken voice : ' . "God bless you, my promised' wife— my dear Sylvia! And may your future happiness atone for the sorrows of your past.' LTe bcnl his noble head and pressed a ldso .up'in lur wliliug lips. She Ifcld him to ber, showering kisses upon him iustrnngo un reserve. - A sigh, a breath, a faint rustic, like the brushing of a wing or tbe movement of ft woman'd dress,. cauie fluttering through the room. ' Chctwynd, still holding Bylvia to his brcnat, Involuntarily looked up. " Ilis appalled eyes bchehl a sight tbat held bim dumb nnd motionless. . He saw standing in tlio. wide archway of tho open eliding doors that which ho be- llcTta to be tbo apparition of bia lost Bernice. . Sbc stood .against a faintly lit back ground of du6ky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in tbo midst of an odorous twilipbt that made bersccm indeed a vision from another world, Sbo.;<wa9 drescil .in -white, .ns at licr .burial, Cbetwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she woro a long, white silken robe liko that in wliiqU-ke had consigned ' licr to Abo tomb; He recognised, tho peculiar fashion- ing of theflrtss, for Hbohad vrorh tbo ono in which Bbo bad becii buried at hbr first diuner at Chctwynd Park— tbat mcmorablo dinner upon the very evening of her home coming, The low, equarc-cufc Pompadour corsage, with, frills of point Inco standing up about the slender throat and fair booom; the short slccvcB ending at. tbo elbow in ft frill of lace; the; bared arms : he rccoguiscd each soparato fcaturo of the toilet be had thought so charming, v - But the face I It wnA strangely changed; nnd yet he knew it, and his heart leaned m> '.vituiu him fttsigU ot It. ; Bornico bad bWu plain, with but tho possibility of biuiuly, but this vhion way gloriously beautiful, with tho radiunqo of a'raro au'd.-pcrfeet lovelinttB. Spcllbuuml, he continued to stare at her, noting tho pure, frank brows aimded by .crinkling maes of floating hair, tho soft and perfect contour of her face; tho tender wllchcry or tne sensitive mouth, the unutterable yearning. and longing! in tho great vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as If Bho. lunged to speak, but wns rent rained by Bomo invisible power. Bylria's head had been .buried. in Uhet- wyii'Vs. breast. Shu wondered at hi-i silence, ami looked up, crying fumily : 11 Call me your promised wife again, dear Boy. Ki?s mo again. Am T not to be your wife? Aro \vn nut to bolmppy at In3t? Oh, my darling — " Blie broke off abruptly, seeing the shndowy figure hi tlio door-way. Blie stared at tbo vislbn ns if it had been some demon sent to call her tocher eternal home. Her hair seemed to- riso on end. Hor tongue waa glued to her mouth, ,-Tho countenance of the seeming nppari- tirm. chn'ngcd to an expression of ineffablo despair ami anguish. Bho opsncd wide licr arms as if to embrace Chctwynd, and so, with: outspread1 arm?, and yearuing, ang»i9ucd fnco, sbo slowly retreated bark- ward liko the niry vision shu oceihed, until sho bad vauiflbed into tbo gloom be yond, 'Not MjJlU the ficeining'. spectre lmd disap peared did Iord Ohetwynd arouse from bis fio/.cn ollencc. Put then, as if galvanised, lie flung Sylvia .Monk from him in an utter forgclfnlnces of hor, bounded r.crosB tbo room and Into tbo conservatory. The wax lights were ; burning dimly in the grout arched dome of glnrs,,and thero wore dim uooka and abndowaon orery side. Tho'nrar- quia dashed doyvn a wido flowor-borderod aisle liko a madman. The glazed doora at the lower end of .the conservatory and open ing into the gardun. were opom He mado for tbcm, uttering strange .and incoherent wies, /"' . G libit t Mmk was standing near the door, as If brought to asudden halt. lie bad sees lim nice enter iho conservatory, but had been itumblo to a«rc8t her movements. Ho bad s;:eu bur but now depart liko a shadow, and he, waa in the net of pursuit 'when .Lord Cuctwyifd'a swift opproach made bim halt. The schemer knew tlmt a crisis had occurred ;n iho forLunc-r of himself nnd. Bylvia, and pon his present coolness his own future .uul hcia depended. Ho was equal to tbo qcmudfin. " Why, what's the ranttcr, Ohetwynd!" hcafl.cd, in tbo utmost apparent surpriso. ;'Guod gtnclousl is llmmnnnind? Where ar-i you gniug7 Why are you running! Great Htavcii 1 you look as if you had seen agliest!" Chctwynd turned upon Monk, eager and iinp t uous. " Did you see hor!" he cried, "Haaaay- ono pa«scd out this Way !" ".No one. I havo been standing in the doorway hero thne fifteen minutes," replied Monk, with 6ccming truthfulness. "Whom doyoiiBCck? Bylvia?" " It was Bernice I" said the marquis, all excitement. 11 1 saw ber as plainly as I see yon, Gilbert— my dead wife, Bernico 1 Help mo to search tho conservatory— " Monk put oh a look of alarm, " My dear Chctwynd," ho exclaimed, "you aro the victim of somo singular hallucina tion. Your brain 10 turned. Havo you for gotten that Bcrnico is dead ? How, then, have you seen her! Bo the dead return from their graves! My dear boy, let rao send for Doctor Hartright, You bave got a brain-fever.'1 Chi twynd shook off Monk impaticntlji and searched tbe conservatory in every nook and corner, but bo found no traco/of tins strange vlaUnnt. lie dashed out in tho garden, and Monk went with bim, but tbey did not s?c again the slender, girlish, white- robed figure of tho seeming spectre. At leng.b they re-entered tho conservatory, tbo marquis palo and distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk stood beforo the fire, ber checks again glowing, but there wns n look of awfui dread and horror still inhoroyes. She Imagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she had mur dered had returned to haunt ber for her crime. In her first horror sbo bad keen a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, and Lad there given way to all her terrors. The old 12a3t Indian nurec lmd given be? her asual remedy— a soothing draught— and bad comforted ber, and in spired ber with frcsb strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk poescsscd nn iron will and ft remorcclcss nature. Nothing bad, so far, stood in ber way in her attempts to win Lord Chctwynd. Now that be was fairly won, nnd ngaln betrothed to her, she determined that not oven a visitant from the oilier world should take him from her. Having thus resolved, sbo returned to tho drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chctwynd reappeared. She .welcomed his return with n look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, sho swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: ' 11 Oh, Roy I why did you throw mo from you ? Why did you dart away so abruptly? You frightened mc. How my heart bents still 1 What is tho matter?" "Did you not sco Bernice!" he asked. 11 Were you not also looking at yonder arcb- wnv?" " I was looking at the archway;" replied tbe consummate actress, " but no one was near if, Roy. Wbatdo yoa mean by your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be that vou fancied you Baw ber !" " I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could havo sworn that I be held ray lost . wife. And yen did hot see h'r? Can it- have bcoa an allusion 7 Gilbert was standing nenr the doorway of tho con- servhtory,' nnd lie says that no ouo came in or vrentoutby that way." . Sylvia Bwept a sudden, keen glnnco at; hor brother ; but his face was impassable. . She determined to have an interview with bim upon the subject later. ; Chetwynd was staggered in his belief, Ho put his hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : " Can I have been mistaken ? \Vns it all a freak of my over excited brain? It is cosier to believe that than to bolieve tlmt tbo dead can return. And yet, could my imagination bovo pictured her inrall thnt splendour of loveliness, iu; tbo glory of a perfected beauty, thelu6tre of ft beauty suck oi 1 have never seen ? I cannot explain it." .Ho- leaned ftgaiust the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red cheek on his arm in a caressing fondness. "Gilbert," sbo said, proudly, M my place. Is here, at. Roy's 6ide, henceforth. .Mav I tell him , Roy?: YeB? Listen then, Gllbort, Our old betrothal— Roy's aud mine— is re newed.' Wc ore to , be married— Roy and "I congratulatOTyou.'.Obotwynd. upon having won a truo and loving heart," said Monk, rxicndihg his. hand to tho marquis. 11 This renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best. . I suppose Sylvia won't rated my telling you now that slid bns loved you all along with a rare devotion.: I hopo you two will be happy." "I.ani not myself yet," said Lord. Ohet- wyud, with a troubled smite, -d' I seem sud denly to make tlio discovery that I bovo nerves. I'll go to iny room, if you'll kindly cxcubo me, Sylvia, I am grently fatigued after my journey," and ho withdrew, going up to the rooms ho hnd occupied with Ber nice, , , ' Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw iuto tho conservatory, but Sylvia de tained him. He was anxious to search tho grounds, in hopes of discovering 'Bcrnico, and be submitted to his detention with nn ill-grace. '.' What do you want he naked, with an exhibition of surliness. '1 want to know if you were in tho con servatory during somo fifteen minutes pre- Tteus to Lord Oht twynd'a opliital illuiiou V " :demnhded" Miss Monk, with sarcastic, cm- plmii, ' . 'Monk replied iu. the fifiinuative, " And you saw no ouo enter or go out?" Aforik hastened to utter a negative. . "I don't believe, yon," said the refined Sylvia,: with . coneldornbio' rudences; "I Know uttuer. ; i baw tun ghost, if it was a ghost, and so did you;. What is your object in denying tho fact to tne _ M have no object. I saw no. ghost, and lean swear to /iny denial, if you chuoso. i on must have been reading' Mis. Crowe, luu would do better to think of tho great victory -you have .won, - I advise you to iiAitcu your mnrrhigc. I havo nearly run through in' thousand pounds, nnd I want more, l ou remember that you promised me an nnnmly of n Ihounand pounds ou your Durry np tho marringe. That is my ndvlqe." nt,Ve to Il0P cnreleesly, and, sauatcrcd uwny mto tbo con servatory. BIia.r M.mk lookc'a ntterl Win-- with puszled irown. . . " " occn(,ica him now, sin. thongiit. . Gilbert . bus chanced dnrlnfi the pnst nr. I.in.iat confess ho is nef I iTVfr (iK. flfitirt fnr tnn I . . . .. "v : ujui ciaiuom lilra, Wlmt |)rompts hini to donj- tlint ho sow thnt figure ill whito . If it vvns n spectru, ho must lmvc seen it, sinco it ivns vUlblo to both Hoy nnd mo. . If it wore mjt n sncolro wbnt wns it! On mjr soul, I boliovo. Oilbert kuows." , With this conviction Misj Monk wont «n to her own rooms. ' . - 1 : «ho found old IUgco In tho dreuiing.room, . juafc unlocking tbo doors pf the precious Hast' Indian cabinet. 'Die old - aynti .started at Miss Monk's entrance, nnd hastened to lock the doors opening into the hull, si,0 then returned jt-> Iho cabinet,. -. and opened the secret, .compartment rind took out the., liuy gold box of rare Enst Indian poisons. . , - 11 What arc you going to do?" asked Miss . ilonkf sinking inlo.an essy clisir. , " I want to see thai my RtebuUvbave not j been tampered with," responded oul Itagec. I "I feel uneasy, MiaHy, about that ghost. It can't'bo possible that 1 tirade a inislukc in tbe vial, but I intend to sec. If I bad made a mistake tbo. girl would bave died in her coffin nit tbo same— no, she would' have recovered hor conociouBurfs, nt tbo cud of three days. It's alright Midjy, but I'll just mako sure." . Miss Monk watched hor attendant with languid interest, while tho nynh opened the two vials wo have just beforo described. "Thero .wcro ono hundred globules in each," muttered the old woman. ".I took ohc out of.vlal number two, lcaviug ninety- nine. I will count them." Sbc proceeded to do so. "It's alright,"- sbo ahnounced, " Thero are just ninuty-nino remaining. I can't tell whn: made me so. foolish, but just na soon hs you spoko of tho ghost I felt a desire to look nt tbeso vials." " Look nt the vinl number three," said Ati&s; Monk. ".Still, that's all nonsense. It's alright, only there's ono thing sure, Kngcc— Gilbert knows souothiog about that ghost, or whatever it was. Ho swears he saw nothing. I wish I knew what garuo of bis own ho was playing. Thnro's ono thing sure — he knows tbe secret of tbat mysteri ous intruderof to-night. Tho old ayah's irelrd eyes gleamed with a suddcn ligbt. ' ' Sbc hurriedly eeized upon tho third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over ber faco when she bad finished. "Can't you mako it coant right ?" asked Miss Monk with sudden iutcrcBt. " Ihero's only hinety-eigbt globules here," answered the old wonran, blankly. " And thero wcro a hundred ?" " Kxactly tbat— a hundred In cacb vial." 11 You may bave dropped a couplo and Miss Monk began to scarcb. "Stay, Missy," said tho old ayah, in a tono of deep r.ignificancc. M Answer mc a question : was Gilbert at borne on tbo tho day that Lady Ohotwynd was taken ill!" "Yes. Don't you remember that ho was in my boudoir before dinner?" 41 Was ho In your boudoir beforo wc opened this cabinet, and hnd our conversation about Lady Ohotwynd ?" " Yes ; ho went out, 'and I called you, and we came in here." 44 Ah I And bo was back ia tbrcc day's time?" "Yes, I telegraphed bim that Lady Chctwynd was dead. You knew all this Why do you oak so mauy unimportant questions?" " Simply to confirm my own suspicions and remembrances," said tho old woman, her black face growing yellow. Bliiay, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger thatrccnts blood. He suspcatcd us. When bo went out from your room that day he must bavo slipped in here. The doors weic locked, it is true. How did ho get in! With a bit of wire, perhaps. Ho is keen, is Gilbert Monk. Ho hid In there; bo heard all wo said. I remember I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to mako tho chain of my suspicions complete and deeuen tbcm into dead certainty. If yoa had been absent from this room a moment—" Bliss Monk uttered a singular cry, " I was absent," sho ejaculated. "Lndy Chetwynd camo to tlio door of my boudoir for a pieco of music," 41 Then all is clear, Gilbert cbangd tbo clobulcs. and took an extra one out of this vial numbor three, He was back in three days. Ho gave her Indyfdiip more of the drUg. 8ho was burled. He rescued her. He has hidden her somewhere all these months. Lady Cbetwynd lives. .It wa9 no ghost, but Lady Ohetwynd horself, whom you Baw to-night I" CHAPTER XIII, A DISTURBING PRESENCE, The announcement of old Rngco's in stinctive, conviction that Lady Ohetwynd lived, and tbat it was herself and not her spectre Sylvia Monk - liad 6ccn, was de livered with a startling vehcmrnco that for an instant nlrao9t carried conviction also to SyWia's heart. Sho looked appalled, Tho haudsomd '.'swarthy faco-. lo'at its deep red stain: in cheeks and Hp.f; tbo dull black eyes opened wide in an expression of utter terror and abhorrence. 44 Alivol Bernice alivop'sho whiBpered, hollowly, "Impossible I" : " Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans "Bnid old Rngce, nodding her. t|irbaned>hcail, ,her wilchiliho features' Working- convuJeively, 44 1' did not suspect bim of 'being so deep, but depend upon it ho was hid .'In theso rooraa upon tbat day so long ago when wo planned Lady Ohctwynd's death, nnd ho ohnnved tho globules, and tras uow in his keeping tbo globules yon should havo given young Lady Chetwynd." V. : V I don't - bellevo it,? said Miss Monlr, with sudden ydhcmeiice; . " I toll you it is not so, I woulii ratlier believe that I saw a glioJt to'njght than that I, saw tbo living Bernice Oljetwynd. ,1 can prnvo to my own satisfaction, that it was not Bernice. If it wero. the true Lady Ohetwynd in tho body, where has she becn'ail these fifteen' months since her buiial?" Gilbert might lmvc -kept ber out of sight, for purposes of . bis own." . "If it bad ;bcen Lady Chetwynd in tlio flesh," demnuded' Sylvia. Monk; ? why did she uofc speak? ,- Why did shcimot rush into- the room and throw herself lb her husband's .'arms?" 11 Tho old East Indian woman shook her head. v/-' .». Tho question, was: to hor also unonswor- ablo. Sylvia Monk's faco began to glow with a certain triumph. 14 All, you caunoi answer/'euij cxcluimcd; with a thrill or jubi'anco in . Iter silvery touts. " I thouglit hot.: And Gilbert was too unmoved and quiet to have suffered recent alarm. You have made a mistake in counting, or thero wero not originally ono Imudreu globules in each vial;" declared Sylvia, positively, M Wo havo been scared. beyond all reason. Wo will bo wetcbful 'of Gilbert, but. I am persuaded, that I-saw a. spectre to-night," ; She leaned back ou the cushions'of ber chair in a delicious content,. Old Rageu, locked up her tiny gold box cf deadly drugs, and restored them . tertbc uecrcfc compart ment of the Indian cabinet. As sbc locked the silver-mounted door of tbo Jailer, aud pushed the silver-mounted butterfly into its placo over tbe intricate lock, sho shook her weird turbaued head and muttered, in a tone too low to reach Sylvia's ears : "If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. Butas for mo, Inm not satisfied, I'll watch Gilbert. I'll examino bis trunk and clothes in search of tho missing globule. I'll dog him like his shadow. I'll know if a Bpectro has como to haunt Chctwynd Park —if some strange woman Is personating Lady Chetwynd— or if her ladyship- U alive, If sho's nlivo, thcro'a danger for/us ahead, and 1 must bo on my guard to meet it. If she's aflvo, she'll not bo living long." Tho old woman set licr lips tugother grimly, and a menacing look gleamod in h'cr small, furtive eyes, While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself Into a false, security, and while old llngeo was determining to probe the mystery thnt was bo fraught; with danger to- her Idolised young roistr'c6s, - the lord .of Ohetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest ngitution and distress. . He had walked through tho long-descrtcd rooms, noting that everything was prcosely as Bcrnico had left'. it. Hero was her favqrite chair by tho hearth of the boudoir ; hero was ber desk 5 there was her bpokg, her sketches ; in yonder was her open dressing, caso, with its gold mountings, He cnt-glasB bottles with goldm stopper?, -its boxes exquisitely chased gold marked with lit ' wife's, monogram;; in the spacious word robes of the dressing room wero the gar ments she had worn. The rooms seemed iostinnt with licr .presence. Chetwynd half expected to sco her rise from boiuc chair, or enter at tbo.door, tho Impression of her near presence was so strangely vivid, He walked for hours in the long closed rooms, until tho fires burned tew. Thtn, with. his etrango anxiety ami rcstlcBRnces still upon 1dm, lio retired to Bcrnice's bed chamber. Tho bed was tho same as when sho had used to occupy it. Ilo knelt down by the bedside and sobbed aloud. ..For a long timo lie knelt there, and gradually be grew calm with the calmness of his old despair. Ilo nrosc nnd turned down the gcio light to n dim half light, in which cvory object in the room . was dis tinctly visible, and then he flung himself, fully dressed, upon a low couch beforo tho hearth. Ho could not sleep lu tbo bed in which bo believed that Bornice had died. Ho lay with closed eyes, a travelling rug drawn over him. Ho whs tired nnd worn, and gradually , a sense of sleepiness stolo over bim, and ho dozed uneasily. Ho was aroused suddenly, with, ft swift ness of thought, by a soft toueh ou his fore head. He did not open his oyes, nnd tbe touch descended again, as softly as a snow- flake falls, upon his moustaohed lips. Tho touch was slightly chill, but it was like n silent, fluttering kiss Ho stirred— he opened bis eyes. And then ho saw again tbe vision that ho had seen hours before in tho lower rooms. He beheld Bcrnico— Bernice in the develop- ment of a magniflcont and splendid beauty —with tbo tender, innocent eves hu had Invcd; with the sensitive mouth.;- with tbo Rthe, .light, graceful figure, and wearing still tbo whito robes In which she hnd been buried. Ho lay still, sc&rcoly; daring to breathe. 8hs bad glided from bim to tho distnnco of n few feet, and was regarding him with an incffablo love and anguish. Bbo opened her njoutli as if to opcok, but no words camc. She spread her bared arms as If to enfold him. " Bcrnico 1" cried out tbo young lord, in a sharp, shrill voico. "Bernice, speak to mcl,v Bbo shook ber head sorrowfully, and slowly retreated towards bis dressing- room. With a startling cry, he sprang np from bis couch and bounded toward her, Sho continued her swift rotrcAt, looking backward at him ovor.hcr shoulder with tbat radiant faco of lovo and sorrow, and disappeared in tbo dressing room. Tho door closed behind hor. Chctwynd dashed It open, but the vision was gone. Ho explored the bath-room adjoining ; bo ran out into tlic great hall, the door leading into It from the bath-room being unlocked ; he searched tho great empty gucBt-chnmbcrs, but be found no traco of his strange vis! taut. His search nrouocd Mies Monk, and sho appeared in a scarlet dressing-grown, hor feet encased in slippers of whito down, look ing frightened, white old Ragce peered over ber shoulder, Ohetwynd apologised for arousing Sylvia, and made some unintel ligible cxcuxo, but. kept up bis wild search, being half bi'sulo himself, . 1 . Hu kuockcd nt-Gllbert Monk's door, but there camo no rcspouso. Tho door was un locked, nud he entered the, room, A light and a fire wcro burning, but Monk was not there. Considerably puzzled at Monk's absence from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquio returned to tbo ball, wbero Sylvia BttU stood, wondering andbewUdcrcd. . "Did -you hear bqrglars, Roy?" cried Sylvia . Monk. " Is ' not Gilbert in his> room?"/ , _ "No; be Is not thoro. I— I fancied I saw something, Sylvia, and I came to look. That's, all. Good night.'!, ; ' ; " AVas it— was. it . the spectre again,' Roy?" ; .' - "YeB".sntd Chctwynd, desperately. " I fancied that I saw her once more. Good night.". He woot inio hia rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retired to licr, own apartments. The two women argued themselves Into h stato of calnmees after a little, but Lord Oliet- wynd walked his floors all the long night, and watched. And listened, and waited. -But. tho spectre did not como sgmn. Gilbert Monk, after leaving , his-sistcr in the drawing-room, had hurried out of doors, fts-wo have said, in search. of Bernico. . The one great idea thnt possessed hira wns to find her. . He comprehended that lie stood upon the brink of exposure.; . ' : ; lie searched the lawn, tbe shrubbery, the rocks overhanging the sen, theV'strip of bench, tho boat nnd bath houses, and pene-. trntcd far into the park, peeping into nooks and glades and covorts, bub ho did net find ber. lie hurried in nnti out among the thick shadows of the trees for .hours, and at Inst tho convictlon camo to him that sho ' bad In somo way eluded bim . ' 41 Sho may bo biddon in the house ail jtbis while," bo thought. " Sho may havegonoto my room to . plead with mo to yeluaso-hor from her vow. Littlo Puritan I '.She will not dare break her sworn oath not to reveal biiiy identity to Chctwynd, or any othcr, without any permission. She is truth itself. But what a test for her,- to stand before' Chetwynd to-night, and not bo able toapeak to hiin I The girl's as brave and true as she is beautiful." -V; . He acted upon liis new idea, hurryingintb tbo bouse and up to his rooms. Ib was past eleven o4qlock, and the lights were all turned off4 or burning dimly.. There was no ono in the great hall, Into ..which the faint moonlight streamed through the end: wiri- flbwa. ; Ifo openod his door, Tho fire and light were burning, but no pcrson was in bis room.;. It 'seemed- to him, howoyer, that soiiib one bud. been dhai'o rcceiilTy, The rug wasdisarrangcd.'ss if one knelt upbri it, ruu .tbo- lire seemed to have been lately stirred ,o a . brighter blaze by an unskilful hand. ;IIo was sure Bernice bad atoten Iu hero in his absence, and had remained somo minutes to warm herself, and in anticipation of his return. , 44 Bbe'll come again, ho thought. 44Bbo's like an uncaged leopatdss since She saw her .husband.'; I'll wait hero for her," lie left liis door unlocked that she might enter silently and flung. himself into nn enBy-clrair in an ohsou'ro corner, and waited for her appearance. Bat the timo woro on and Rhc 'did not come. Tho great clock struck the hour of twelve; but still Iternico did not coiho. Monk waited, until ft grent tear camo lo bim that Bcruiec might have entered her old rooms— might have seen her husband there —aud carried away by tho supreme ecstasy of tbo moment, and her joy at seeing him,' might havo permitted him to claap her in his; arms. !A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage. Ho pulled off hia boots and put on a pair of cork-splcd slippers, and then, stole out'agtdn into the hall. '>;. Ho orcpb to the various doors opening Into tbo ball from Lord Ohetwynd a suite ot private rooms. lib was certain that Chetwynd was in tho bed-chamber. Tho sound of gentle and regular, breathing be came at last perceptible.' Chctwynd was within— asleep. Beroicc.was not tboro. Yot ho waited, watching, 'listening, llow tho minutes dragged j At last be heard, or fancied he lieanl, soft footfalls upon, tbe carpet within— tho rustle of ft woman's silken dress. . How. bis heart beat now 1 , He bent closer still at the key, nolo, Ah I now ho heard tho . cry 6! Ohetwynd as ho started up from bis. sleep— tbo. name of Roruicol She was thero I . , Monk could lravo beat upon' tbo.door in his agony. Ilo was tfurq' that all was over now — that Bernico had broken licr oath— that she bad revealed ber living presence, to her husband. . What remained for him but flight ? --To l>e Continued.)' - : 