A tFREE MARKET. The literal meaning of thie word "Fair" in its conmmercial sense, is a "free market." In other wordls, a "fair' mians a marketL at which all aind every m:iy pureluse or not without being subjected to fee or tax, hul also where all and every can sell without any such disabiltics 'as attach to.ordinuarv mar keAs. At one time the fairs ini Englanulwere great faeaures in thie social aiol ndutrial life of thi pelople ; but, siice the estab is unet of railways, anld the, quhicker itiltercoriiniunit cation whieli hls resulted, these fairs have pretty ivell dlied out, a matter perlials for regr' C, inll some respects, bit inevitable under the changed conditions of the national life. Here in Australia, fal' isre inkitolii: Iii dea1 very little of the old fashlioncil inethodls obtain in tlhese fast go-ahead colonieu. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in lurbope, andl btisiness is done with a ii'ovement alnd force to which, even in this day, few.pro vincial folk in the oldl couitry are accus tomted. This, however, is a 'peecssity, fol loiving u0pon our freer andi umore proslperous condition, as wecl as the awa:kenid energies. and intelligence of the last hlidlf cetuyr. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too shorlt for slow or cumnbrous ntethods; iutl the art ntow is sought in all directious to do as much in an hour as 100 yeaes ago was ac coimplishedl in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If w-t live at higher pressure, we obtaini highei r rcwartls than the old folk could "pos siblly carn. 'The average earning capacity, andII thlerefore of expenditure, is a hundred' fold greater, andtl is more equally distributced thant in those " good old days" which senti mentalists' are continually regretting pecple. by the way, who are of simtilar sup less constitution to tlhat of Lord Manncrs, wbo wrote:- - 'Lot Icet , Iearnru,, arts aud euo nmrrv ie,' t oeople inowaiys have money to stpeiI otand as education and a hligher intelligeitce. hive tauglht tlhei hlw to slpend it wisely ce. find great establishintets, such as ,F oynsi lib onist of nmitli-street, Collingivwosl, springing into existeiice, whos Iturpose it .is to supply to iwell-to-do population, the. comnforts, ite inecessaries. the elegancies and retiicineitts of home life.., Iere wie paise to make a correctiorii" We lhave said thiat fairs are niikiiousi iitAius tralia., We 'ar' druing. At this 'prisent moment, the firm we hive men tioiied, Messrs. Fouy antd Gibsot, ire conildictiitg a gigattic Fair, and to use a graiphic;tlhough p scrliapssomewhlmt vulgar cexprcssion, "it is at sight todo sore pyes good Apy iI eatrical "ianagrwli ime happe itpr;st ss. Foey! and Gibson's great ishops duritig the' day 'miusti, intldeed, have a laroe and generous mindit if hle forebears from a sigh of eivy as hle notes tihe throng and press of people into andI out of those places. Allt moved by the, one impulse-an eager desire to avail tlheni selves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchalsers during their, great Fair. 'To the benevolent minid it must give plea sure to reflect that. at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rntldered hippier by their attendance' at this 'Fair. The young wife vwho tuas become possessed of one of tlhose clegant inantle', of lwhiich suiich numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibitedl, will have a sweeter templer and more con tented spirit than has hitherto ruiled hier. The matron who lhas securedl one of those spleidtid Bruissels carlets at Is. tld. per yardnl will feel' a greater prilde- than ever in her home IThle country gentlemian who lhas pur chiasCulhis suites of furniture for the home. to lwhich lihe slmhall presently coinduct his bridle is tilelI.wvith an sense of importanice and re sponsibility, to whichl Intiherto during his shiftless sloveily bachelor tldayshe has been an utter stranger. In a \Word, it is inipossible for a reflecting observer to look ou at the ceaseless inlluxs and oit-fluxs of visitors to the show to be insensible to thie circiinstance that these fairs serve a higher puriusis tltait lperhaps ever CUentered into the calcuilation, of the originators themCselves'. We tlo nottiip pose that Messrs. Foy andt Gibson;, wchen contemplating tihe establishmlent of these fairs, took into reckoning the philaitliropic aspect of the matter. IlBut as a. rule -moral good follows upon all honorable, cnterprise, andt Messrs. Foy iand Gibson, ivhent 'they. reckon their profits, may, if they please, atdd to themn the importaut, thougr .intainible: balance of an increased populrir content ment. There is anotlher lesson to earn from these facts, andul tlha;t:is, tha-t in thie haitds of calpable men, nio iaffairs, hocevr- iutntrcato or coumplicated, are beyond the inflluienceof, methodl.. The rules by lwhich this greates tablislienti is governed, are even as the laws of the Medes and Persians. A ixed' systeri: -result of lobug exlperience-and la:rge busi-} cess eslxperience, controls every tdetail of the business, so that mttters go on. likemaclil necry, andl to our mind, with much of tilhe, throb and pulse of the steam engine. Soime idea t:ay be formted by those who lhave never visitol Foy and Gibson's Ipremises of their size whe'n we inform them thalt the. frontage exctends 220 feet to Smith-street, and that there is a deptlh to Little Oxford street of 200 feet. The great showv rooms, filled with tihe co'llict of feminine raiment are enornntouIs aprtttnewts. We wonder if ghosts of departedl belles assemble here o' niighits and, :atidst tdainty silks andt velvets. tld bees andl other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavor of the delights which once muoved the:n in the Ileslh. We d nott believe in ghosts, tbut, as we have Mr. Slhakespeare's authority that tthere are more thlings its IheaVco and earth than are dreamt of in our pihilosotphy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of tdeparted fair ones dtio revisit these sccues of lirst delighlts and mtingle in spiritual sytipatthy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibsoot's Fatirs. t'eoples-ladies i t particlar- whlto crant a new settation. ought to sutend atn hour or tco at Foy attln Gibsout's Fairs, and if they, ltvtitt tiotte so, tlo not eplterietee ti settsation as of otte tvho lta.s Ihats behold a lsew revela tioti, all we cati say is that theym tost )l very blaht' int playe.d out. For sueh Iteople titers i-bttt one resoturcc-ptatent-mediicines. -fADIT.] Boston has the champion meatn man. He was obliged to have a safe hoisted from the street to a third story window, anid catsed it Vt ho dotie at iiight, bhen a crosvd that alwrays enjoys :snch a siglt couldu't have sect thue affair even if they had known about it.. ' ' 