CRUMBS. 9i bushels. Tin, £94 6b. Lucky Patton. Tonens arrived. A Hah monopoly. Chili copper, £49. A white elephant. Biver Light in flood. Another gun aooident. Bone fever at Caltowie. fiailway enquiry resumed. The election tide ii rising. Another wonder of the world. Grasshoppers on the warpath. Nellie Stewart cn the farewell. Greek reserves to be mobilized. Block 14, week's run, 11,357 oz. Wesleyana all at sixes and sevens, First Assembly elections April 12, Great loss by floods in Queensland. Typhoid triumphant in Melbourne, Victoria Cross veteran in our midst. Slavin to be married on February 12. Broken Hill, week's run, 143,337 oz, Knst in wheat enquiry moving along. British Blocks, week's run, 15,048 oz, Adelaide's Town Clerk no longer boss. A one-man monopoly of the fish market. Bowley has had enough of Onkaparinga. Would-be M.P.'s coming out by degrees. A triumph of- genius is the Forth Bridge. The heartburnings over that station list. Hon. T, Playford returns to East Torrent. Parliament further prorogued till Maroh 31. No wonder Adelaide to badly BuppUed with fish. Obituary.—Mr. Isaac Gepp, at Broken Hill. Agricultural statistics to be collected this year. Mrs. Parnell has refused her son's assist ance. Have you read about Rowley at Wood side? O'Connor, the sculler, has started for Aus tralia. Violence of the Lisbon mobs has calmed down. When shall we know the Ministerial polioy ? Centennial Exhibitors can now have their medals. The problem to how to make federation a growth. Well, Mr. Rees always was noted for his modesty. Great joy in the Post and Telegraph De partment. Not every would-be M,P. haB two strings to his how. Red nut will cost £1,750,000 in Australia this season. A twAiit:v*hnBliAl wViAttt Viartrnaf; In* KTao South Wales. King Charles will have a fling at the Times on February 3. Influenza in Canada; great mortality; sohools oloaed. Do not yield to misfortunes, but meet them with fortitude. Sir John confessed he was in the enemy's camp at Gawlsr. Worsnop sat upon and relegated to hie proper funotions. Creditable to the Societies who refused to be mixed up in it. Mew training ship offered to New South Wales—the Shah. The Zouave uniform is to be abandoned by the French army. When will some enterprising man provide us with cheap fish! Why can't we have that Mount Gambier butter in Adelaide! Influenza is troubling the British High Court ef Judicature. 8everal shipping disasters reported by oables from London. Strong current set in in favour of Pro vincial.Governments. Most of the Adelaide Natives' Association delegates home again. Kev. W. Clarke is President of the Sydney Wealeyan Conference. Two 6-lu. gnus of latest pattern are being erected at Largs Fort. Honest Tom putting his Faoi at the service of Bast Torrens. Butter at half-a-orown per lb. in Adelaide; lOd. at Mount Gambier. Grand President Menzel has initiated 1,113 members into the Drnids. Consumers in high .level districts want their water rates reduced. When will refrigerating cars be added to our railway rolling-stook ! It was about time a new Mayor was wanted to atop Worshopian trioks. All the ills that Australia is heir to can be cured, for George is coming. In New South Wales a departure has been rrade as to railway lighting. Kaiser WUhelm will expel any soldier who challenges'smother to a duel. Bather awkward if influenza were to break out among our Judges just now. First annual report from the School of Mines and Industries satisfactory. Marquis of Salisbury and Marquis of Har tington recovering from influenza. German Reichstag declined to give per manency to the anti-Socialist laws. Offers from persona willing to light Port Pirie with gas or electricity invited. It is not true that Mr. Bees is going to make a presentation to Mr. Playford. The Ornate baa a near anbjeot for eloquence —Mr. Playford's claim to knighthood. Dividend from East End Market Company, 10 per cent, and bonne of la. per chare. In Proteotioniat Melbourne the workshops are said to be full of boys and improvers. London financiers think that the Victorian loan should be apread over several months. Wanted, a public benefactor to com mercially kill tne unscrupulous book vendor. Train accident at Louisville—wreck; sis passengers burnt to death; nineteen injured. Prinoeaa Louise will possibly enlighten the Australian savages with specimens of her art. ■ Twenty-seven of the crew lost by the wreek of the Looh Moidart in the North Sea. England to have a fair field and no favour in Samoa. Germany to have some more than that. .. Mr.'Martin gave some information about those railway wheels at Gawler on Friday night. General inorease to a large number of offioen in the Post and Telegraph Depart ment. Mr. Justice Pater and hia family have re turned to Adelaide after an absence of five years. Mr. Eddy thinks all the Australian Colonies, should adopt a uniform railway gange. Gratifying to know that the South Aus tralian harvest of 1889 will give a large surplus. Floods near Maryborough damaged sugarcane plantation to the extent of £10,000. East Torrens wooed and won Mr. Playford, and the marriage comes off next April— perhaps 1 WinAinn.nn stf C-J TO.,11.1; m-A Inveitment Society ordered by Mr. Justice Boucaut. Old Blood and Iron ie spending muoh energy to kill a dying and non- revolutionary movement. The working man who concluded that " Protection is a regular swindle" ie on the right track. The bonus of 3d. per lb. on butter exported does not meet with universal satisfaction in Melbourne. Poor Lord Hopetoun was almost overcome at that first levee, and his Countess wrote home about It. A levy of 6d. a week to return working men to the Assembly—That's the lateet Trades and Labour idea. How many working men will be willing to subscribe 6a. a week to enable a few ad venturers to earn £4 a week. The object of federation is to prevent the oolonies acting in a hostile spirit and to simplify the task of government. Very cruel of Tom to. hint that the Ministry will ever have a polioy—exoept to promiw one thing and do the opposite. Kail way Commissioners waiting for in formation from Melbourne and Sydney before oonoluding their report re railway lighting. Minor oases in Melbourne Hospital in creasing—polioe take doubtful oases there to ascertain whether oaused by drink or sun stroke. Victorian honsekeeper does not enjoy paying Is. 6d. for butter while a better quality sent from Melbourne is selling in London for Is. H.M.S. Shah, which has been offered to New South Wales, is an unarmonred frigate of 6,260 tons; she was built in 1873, carries 24 guns, 16 magazine guns, and 3 torpedo tubes. Tbe altered day for the calling of home ward-bound mail ateamera in April next will benefit tbe Fort, seeing tbat the atay will be longer and tbe opportunities of landing much greater than at present. Breaking away from the ouatody of an attendant in the yard, a woman in the Liver pool Workhouae Aaylnm ruahed to the kitohen and deliberately set fire to her clothes. She then furiously restated all efforta to put out the flameB, and ao was bornt to death. In January (if the life of one aged man be apared so long), a contemporary says, we shall witnesa the strange apeotaele of a patriot without a fatherland, although two great and patriotio peoplea eagerly claim him ai their own. Louie Koaauth will, on the 9th of that month, complete the period of abaenoe from his native country; after whiob, unless he applies for a renewal of his rights, he will lose his Hungarian oltizsn ■hip. "How," said the bridegroom to the bride, when they returned from the honeymoon trip at Fort Elliot, "let ns have a dear understanding before we settle down to married life, Are you the President or Vice President of this Society?" "I want to be neither President nor Vioe-President," ahe answered, sweetly," I will be content with a enbordinate position," "What is that?" " Treasurer. Memorabilia.—The 23rd day of the month Sebat wae kept as a fast day by the Jews, in memory of the war waged by the ten tribes against that of Benjamin for the outrage com mitted by the men of Gibea. (See Judges xx.).—On the morning of January 23.1401, Tamerlane and his army entered Damascus, in violation of a trnoe, and after levying a contribution of ten millions it- erJIwr pnld he nHfnul a general maeeacre and laid the vit> in mUi, Obituaries.—George Miohael Moier died January 23. But who was Moaer? Well, he was a Swiss, a goldchaser, and painter on enamel; and if the reader i> on terma of intimacy with the royal family and will just make a call at Windsor Caatle one of its members will show him portraits of the .Prinoe of Wales (afterwards George IV.) and of the Bishop of Osnabnrg, painted by Moser on a watoh oase for George IIL— William Pitt, the illnatriona statesman, died ' at Putney, January 23,1806, aged forty-six. Give us, oh give ua, the man who sings at his work 1 Be his occupation what it may, he is superior to those who follow the same pursuit in sullen silence. He will do more in the same time—he will do it better—he will persevere longer. One is scarcely sensible to fatigue when he marches to music. 1'he very stars are said to make [harmony as they revolve in their spheres. Wondrous is the power of oheerfulness!—altogether past cal culation its power of endurance. Efforts to be personally nsefnl muBt be uniformly joyous —a spirit all sunshine—graceful from very gladness, beautiful because bright.—Thomas Oarlyle. Ceylon cats are a carious instance of what evolution has accomplished in the way of ' adapting creatures to environments. They have no tails, and are able by lack of that appendage to imitate rabbits, and so get them into their dutches. They are great rabbit-catchers, and as such are valuable be yond all other oats in Australia. They have been introdnoed into this conntry, but whether for their hunting propensities or not is not stated. The cat family has never been utilised by men as it might be. Has and mice catchers can also be developed into good hunters in many other directions. Eaoh of the four columns that support the dome of St. Peter's Church at Rome takes up as much room at the base as a little cnapeland convent; and yet they do not appear large, being proportionate to the rest of the building. They were designed by Michael Angelo; and he insisted earnestly that nothing should be added or altered in hie design. Bernini afterwards undertook to make a staircase within eaoh oolumu, there being originally a well; but just as he bad prepared the inside of one of them, the whole building gave a crash, which the Italian tradition says was loud as thunder. He put up the stairs in that column, but would not attempt it in any more of them. Memorabilia.—The marriage of Edward II. with Isabella, daughter of Philip the Fair, King of France, was celebrated at Boulogne January 25, 1308, in the presence of four kings and three queens. Edward himself was then twenty-three years old, and was plain Prince of Wales; but he little thought that his blooming, blushing bride would in less than twenty years conspire with her favourite Roger Mortimer in effect ing his assassination; but you see— " Heaven from all creatureB hides the book of fate. Except the page prescribed, the present state ; From brutes what men, from men what women know, Or, who could suffer being here below ? UMtuaries. — Sir Thomas fops, the founder of Trinity College, Oxford, died January 29,15G9, aged 50. He was the inti mate friend of Sir Thomas Moore, and by order of Henry \ III, oommunioated to him the sad tidings of his intended execution.— .Robert Sanderson, Bishop of Linooln, died January 29, 1663, aged 75. He was chaplain to Charles I., and attended him to the Isle of Wight. He was profoundly learned, a powerful advocate of Episcopacy, but withal tolerant towards the Presbyterians and other " aliens of the faith,"—Johann Gottlieb Fiohte, the famous German metaphysical writer, died January 29, 1814, aged 62. His wife had caught a fever ana oommunlcated it to him. She recovered, he died.—" The King never dies" (except when succeeded by a Queen). It was on January 29.1820, that George III., " of pious memory," made his exit, and thereby vacated the throne in favour of his hopeful son and sucoessor, George IV. Memorabilia.—On January 27, 1302, and during the nooourous disputes of the two fsotions of the Neri and" the Bianchi, an ini quitous decree was issued by wuoh the iUustrous Dante was fined 8,000 lire and oon demnedtotwo years' banishment from his native city of Florence. But it was during his exile that he wrote his marvellous poem " La Divine Commedla," and thereby established his reputation as the greatest of Italian poets,—Queen Elizabeth on January 27,1591, assigned to Sir Walter Raleigh the lease for 99 years of Sherbourne House, which only nine days before she bad obtained from the Bishopric of Salisbury at the rent of £200 16s. Id. But on the death of Elizabeth in 1603 the estate was forfeited to the Crown. Memorabilia.—There was a pretty con siderable row in Portugal in 1639, Spain had rnled the country for sixty years with a rod of iron, and then the Portuguese " to liberty asserted her claim," and won it They accordingly elected John, Duke of Braganza, as their King, and capped Mm with the royal crown January 28, 1610. The monarch reigned for sixteen years as John IV„ surnamed "The Fortunate," and then the "Ring of Terrors" conquered him.— James 1L abdicated the throne January 28, 1689.—Lord Chesterfield, in one of his pub lished letters to his son, dated January 28, writes:—" A m«n of sense may be in haste, l>ui c*i, never be in a hurry, beoanse he knows that whatever he does in a hurry he must neoessarily do very ill. Little muds are in a hurry when the obj ect proves too muoh for them. They ran, they puzzle, tbey confound and perplex themselveB—they want to do everything at onoe, and never do it at alL" Obituaries,—Aurelian, though a striot and somewhat austere disciplinarian, was a wise and able ruler, yet he did not eso≠ the ordinary fate of the Roman Emperors—as sassination. That historian fixes this event on January 25, 275. Be (Aurelian, not his historiographer) was a peasant's son, entered tbeanny,roserapidlyfromtheranks,wasmade a oonsul by Valerian, snoceeded Claudius II. in 270, delivered Italy from the barbarians, defeated Tetritus, who had assumed the title of Emperor, conquered Zenobia, Queen of Palmyra, destroyed her splendid oity, made a triumphant entry into Borne, effected some Important publlo improvements, raised a large army, marohed against Persia, and was murdered on the way thither by his mntinons troops.— Pope Stephen V. died January 25, 891. He greatly contributed to the relief of the people of Borne from the effects of a terrible famine which had deso lated the country. Obitnuies—Otho III., Emperor of Ger many, died, it is supposed of poison, January 28,1002, at the early age of twenty-two. He asoended the throne when a mere baby of tbree years old ; but his empire was adminis tered by his grandmother, Adelheid, his mother, Theopnania, and his aunt, Matilda, Abbess of Quedlingburg. At the age of fifteen - the precocious monarch actually led an army against Ores eentius, the Belf-styled Consol ' of Rome, and defeated him. Some years later he went again to Italy, which was in a state of con fusion on aooonnt of the opposition of the different Popes, and re-established order in that country. On returning to Germany he made Bolestas Ring of Poland. His death occurred soon after his third visit to Italy to quell a revolt.—Johann Hevelius, Heuellus, Hevel, or Hovelke, died at Dantzie, his native town, January 28,1687, aged 76. He was on eminent mathematician and astronomer, and the author of Selengraphia, Cometographia, Uranographia, &o.;, &o.;, &o.; Obitnariei.—Among the worthiee of the 17th oentnry who had the courage to "prove his faith by bis works" was one Dr. Allestree. When a young man he entered the HoyaUst army. He then resumed his studies at Oxford, and at the end of the Civil War he took Orders. At the Restoration he was, made Canon of Cbristohuroh, and' secured one of the lectureships of Oxford, the salary of whioh he gave to the poor. He also ereoted at his own expense the west side of the outer oourt of Eaton College, and the Grammar Sohool of Chriatchuroh College. That biographer says—" His benevolence was only limfted.by his means." Well, having given pretty well all his goods to feed the poor, he gave up even the ghost itself, January 27, 168L—Dr. 0\. Hutton, died January 27, 1823, aged 86. fie was Intensely fond of figurative language, as witness his elaborate Mathematical Tables and nnmerous other works. The following effaeione show the effect of the hot weather upon two convivial old boys:— ON AN OYSTER. O, tbou agglntinons molluscous mass, OsciUant In thy shell; I iell tbee tbat I love tbee and thy class E'en more than passing well I . Methinks upon my tongue I lay thee now And suck thee, raw and crude— ©, tbondissolvingjoy. A morselthou Sweet as ambrosial tood 1 O. dweller in the sea, 1 hy flaccid form to me Is truly dear. With condiments and bread, And porter with a head, I'll soon be theer. 