. A Sensational Sermon. A SYDNEY CLERGYMAN. DENOUNCES THE LEGISLATURE. At Ail Souls Church, Leichhardt, on Sunday morning; Jhe following remarkable sermon was preached by the Rev. Thomas Holme, an Anglican clergyman, who is well known for his unobtrusive Dietsv and devotion to his parish. Some ot his -congregation assert that for many months past he has predicted the present difficulty. The rev. gentleman, taking for t»g text Ezekiel xiv, verses 12 to 14 — ' The word of the Lord came again to me; saying, Son of Man, when the land sirineth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it. Though these three men, Noah, DanieL and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saitb the Lord God' — said: The first lesson for this morning's service directs us to a subject of great importance, which is too often overlooked or treated very superficially. I refer to that of national sins bringing national judgments. We have arrived at that period of our history when we can no longer turn a deaf ear to wiarn ings hitherto neglected. We are no longer in our infancy ; 100 years and more have passed over us, and if we have not yet learned wisdom the pro spect is small indeed of our ever doing so. But the fact that we are now suffering national chas tisement of a very grievous kind is too plain to escape the notice of any thinking man. At a time when things looked promising, after a season almost unparalleled as regards the prospects of i fruifefuiness, then a sudden stroke of social and i commercial paralysis laid hold upon the national i life, and we have been for some time (and at - present there is a serious prospect of our con- j turning) under the spell of a reign of disorder and crippled resources ruinous to the last degree. We have abundance at our do»rs, but we cannot make use of it; we can give employment to any amount of labor, and the labor is there, but only to hinder and not to help. Meanwhile everything is going wrong, trade is fleeing the country, con fidence is utterly shaken, failure is universal, and over ' what seemed a bright future only a few months a^o there hangs a dark pall. It is right that at such a time God's messengers should direct the minds of their people to something higher than merely temporal remedies, and to this en# there must be a clever and de_finite point ing out of the connection between sin and punish- | meat,, with a view to repentance and reformation, i The text clearly sets before us : I. The connection between national sin and national punishment. ii. mat mere is a conairaon ot national apos tacy in which the prayers of the best of the people will only avail for their own souls. III. That at such a time there is a loud call to individual and widespread repentance and turn ing to God. No one reading the text can fail to discover the connection between national Bin and national punishment. ' The word of the Lord came again to me, say ing, Son of Man, when the land sinneth against me by trespass grievously, then I will stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it.' Again and again the history of Israel points out that God does deal with nations according to the way in which they act towards Him. The prophet Amos, speaking of Israel, says 'You only have I known of all the families of the earth, therefore I will punish yeu for ail your iniquities.' ; But although this was pre-eminently the case with Israel, it is not confined to Israel. God dealt wita heathen nations in like manner, and, if we trace the history of Christian nations down to our own time, we shall see how God has dealt with them according as they have served Him. Toiput it in the expressive language of the book of Job : ' He increaseta the nations and des troyeth them. He enlargeneth the nations and straiteneth them again.' But it is quite unnecessary to speak of other nations when we have such a case of marked dealing as our own. This country never was in such a strait as it is in at the present time. We have had periods of depression frequently, but bhen we have been able distinctly to trace the cause, and almost to predict with certainty the end of it. But who can divine the present cause, and who can predict the end ? We call it a conflict between capital and labor. To a certain extent it is ; but that is not the bottom of it. The bottom of it is deep rooted anarchy — it is contempt of law and order ; it is moral corruption eating out the very heart and fibre of national strength and virtue. In other words, it is the breaking out of a disease that has been long germinating, and now it threatens the destruction of the whole body politic. No one can predict the end of the present troubles. What is called the strike might be patched up to-morrow; but who will bring back the healthy moral tone and the confidence and vigor necessary to prosperous national life ? Things in fact are being turned bottom up, intro ducing the last development and mockery of power, the reign of miry clay. How shall we account for all this? It is neither more nor less than a judgment upon our national sin?. ' Son of Man when the land sinneth against me by trespassing grievously, then I will stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof and will send famine upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it.' ' We have talked and boasted for a' f generation past abont our free institutions, about the rapid strides we liave made, how we have shaken off shackles that still bind the mother country; and how that we mean still to progress, until everyone can do just as he pleases within certain« limits, which mean nothing at all, because everybody is to be the judge of those limits. But freedom like this is not freedom, it is licence, and works its own retribution; so what do we find? As there is no public recoernition of God, and any attempt to introduce such a recognition is treated- with scorn, what do we find ? just an illustration of our Saviour's saying, 'He that is not with me is against me ;' so that we have that very Government that denies God actually working against God and undoing His own laws. : . We have our Legislature setting at nought the seventh commandment, and thai; in the face of abounding profligacy and uncleanness almost un paralleled. In our public schools, where God ought, to be openly acknowledged by daily rever ential prayer, and His word rank supreme, we have a mere apology of recognition which is little better than nene at all.. Instead of the day of rest and religion - being jealously guarded, it is the day above all others for pleasure-seeking and amusement, to say nothing of attempts made to well-nigh abolish it altogether. What is the result? We have what we might expect- — a reaction, in the shape of a flood of im morality and prqfaneness that would hardly be believed did not facts bear it out, and the setting up of a counter agency, which is paralysing all Government, bringing us to the Visrge of ruin — that at a time, too, when everything else would make for prosperity. Surely in this and in other directions we may distinctly recognise the Almighty, seeing that the land is sinning against Tiim by tresspassing grievously, stretching out TTia hand upon it, breaking the staff of bread thereof, sending famine upon it, arid cutting off man and beast from it. Can it be that we have come to such a pitch of national apostacy in this land? lam afraid we ,have. lean see nothing before this country, as things are going on, but ruin and degradation. We have started wrong, and the only remedy is to 30 back. There will be no reform, however, without revolution ; but even revolution under such, circumstances would be a blessing. Power must be wrested from the' hands of Ttbe nngodly multitude, vwhp have proved themselves utterly incapable; arid put under a protector ?' 6r .president,, or oli garchy, that , will /4iBt|Uct^..-ackn^wle^geJ. God. 11 not, ruin, -soeawar ?' ^OT.:V:'^\«i^^:'^»,''--''.!fe®^siiii... Look at the^e magnificeat larids, simply being wasted By an ^M^h|eons ^s^j^mj^sak rule, becoming .a, ipjery -^pSibm 'la 'fuu^puj^L7iHB!d^at few 'to iiftfnp ttieir r*-oio6B|igainfiKiti ,-.' ]?yS*\\.'%:'.;;''/l ? '.' $&? leads^.^;fih«;4ii^'#a-»:.:l»^BU»lb:^: ? ??-? '., ?'. ??''?';:':?.?.-?' '??',?;? : ??'?? f': most important and practical conclusion. At such a time there is a loud call to individual and wide spread repentance, and turning to God. I have said that there is little use praying for the coun try as such, because if is set upon and. hardened in its . iniquity^ ' -It is like Israel of old, concerning the : elders of whom God said, ' These men have .setup their idols in their hearts, and . put .the. stumbling block of their iniquity before their face. Should I be inquired of at all by them?' There is one thing, however, that we can do by God's, grace as individuals; and that is, hearken to and obey his voice. God says ' 'Repent/' and turn yourselves from your idols, and turn away your faces from all your abominations. In times of common danger like the present those who fear God should, as Noah, Daniel, and Job are represented .doing, eeek to deliver their own souls by their righteousness. Not that any one can deliver his own soul — we must be delivered by God's grace through Christ alone ; but then we can be watchful over ourselves. We can* see to it that building upon. Christ we walk in the fear of the Lord and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. Is there no room for improvement? TS.ow many of you are unrepentant and unbeliev ing ? Repent ye, and. believe the gospel. And of those who are penitent, can we not pray more earnestly, read the word more carefully, and con fess Christ more ' faithfully ? Oh, considerTiow many opportunities you liave, arid how little you make use of them.* . When so many are departing from God and making light of divine things you can at least keep closer to the narrow path, and in private religion, in family ? religion, and in your business dealings you can at least show upon whose side, you are ranged. Thus keeping your integrity in a time of common apostacy, you shall be hidden in safety in the day of the Lord's an: er. I have thus put before you and myself a clear path in troublous times, which path everyone may follow, because it is just looking after your own soul ; and, acting thus — which is certainly in the spirit of the chapter before us — we may, and God grant it, bring a blessing upon our unhappy country. But, whether or no, of this fact rest assured — a remnant shall be saved, and those who thus wait upon God will be com forted. 