THE COUNTRY. GUNBAR. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 6. Following are the stock movements 6000 sheep from Old Ganbar to Wanganella, Spencer in charge ; 11,000 ewes went from Gunbar to Queensland, 6000 mixed to the mountains,. 8000' more are about to follow from the same station; I' learn from' a gentle man up Mossgiel way that 160.000 eheeD are on the roads, travelling in various directions' be tween Ivanhoe and Hay. \ « The locusts have left nothing on Old Gun bar save saltbush, and' that they are now ;go* ing into hard and fast. This is the first sea son they have been known to tackle saltbush. Rabbits are migrating iu colonies. They are maktnp southwards, and their bodies be strew the plain, starved to death. This is the case especially with the. little ones .whose mothers went in. search of food and. forgot, to return, or died by the way. There seems to bean epidemio among the pigs. Mr Harris hid four half grown grunters that suddenly gave up the ghost the other day without previous indications of sickness. .TbO'Sime d-iy, or the day after, Mr Hillman, a neighbour of Mr Harris, had one that succumbed, and another that was hover ing between . life and death. What was singular about the bodies was that when touched not only the hair but the skin peeled off quite freely. These pigs were running loose, and It is supposed that they had gorged themselves with poisoned rabbits, which had been phodphorised the day before, and wore lying dead in numbers in an adjoining pad dock. I regret to have to report that Mr Lugsdin's fine house at Belalie has been burned to the ground. It is supposed a spark from the kitchen fire was the cause. Mr and Mrs Lugsdin are in Sydney. The other members of the family were at the new selection on the plains. One person — young Master Lugs din—was present to combat the fire, and he suc ceeded in saving some articles of furniture and other material. A gun, value £18, and a suit of clothes, the pockets containing money, were among the valuables consumed. The house, which contained six large rooms is now a heap of ashes. It was uninsured. Another fire took placo at Mr Ritchie's selection. Fortunately it was confined to tbo kitchen, which, with its contents, 13' con- sumed. - The loss is considerable. Praiso is due to those who worked -so energetically to save the dwelliog house (by carrying water, &c.;), which ran great risk of catching fire while the kitchen was burning. A carrier from Mount Hope way says the locusts had done little damage up to the end of last week, and that grass and herbage of all sorts were abundant. A person from Mool , bong says the fodder is equally good in that district. Mounted Constable Gallagher, of Carrathool, was hero the other day. Ho suid there is more preserved from the ravages of the locusts in our gardens here, than thero is preserved in all the gardens on the Murrum bidgee put together— Benerembah and Kerar bury excepted. Arsenic paste and continuous smouldering fires have up to now saved a fine lot ol creeping and trellised vinos that sur round the house on all sides. The rest of this fine garden is devastated. Miss Pritohsrd, who has bson sewing mistress in tbe public school here for a con siderable time, has resigned her position. She leaves for Victoria. Mr Mills, the teacher of Carrathool public school, has also given notice to quit. That gentleman has been long ani favorably known and respected in th-tt little town and district. He U popalar, not only with the parents and children, but ' with the peoplo generally. When he leaves be will carry away the good wishes of all who know him. Carrathool school presents a fioe opening to a married teacher, 1 whose wife might be a teacher of music. Such a one would be a boon, as there is no such lady thereabouts -whose service in this accomplishment can be availedof. ? ? i . The Cburchat Gunbar is Presbyterian. The most of those who attend are Presbyterians. Can it be wondered then if thsy take an inter eft in all. that concerns their Presbyterian brethren in Hay, or if they animadvert on the sayings and doings of those who belong to that church ? At a recent congregational meeting of Presbyterians in Hay for the pur pose of choosing a minister. One . speaker waxed eloquent in praise of a certain candi date alter this fashion. (1.) 'He did not use emotional language in the pnlpit,' which means, I presume,, that-be- was -cold, clear, stolid, sensible a&4 sound, but wanting in fire, fervor, ardour, fathos, and in thoso 'words that burn,' which 'emanate frcm ' thoughts that breathe,' and which all orators, secular and sacred, from Demosthenes down to Chalmers, have employed to rouse their audiences into touch and enthusiasm with the subject In band.. (2.) 'He. discarded bodily actiofi in this pulpit,' which means; I 'presume, that be did not assume positions, nor stamp bis feet, wollop his hands, fling his arms in the face of the people, nor roll his epev, nor make grimaces, nor in any way act a ' theatrical part.-' Yet a great master of elocution, when asked 'What is the first quality in oratory,' replied, 'Action.' 'What is the second?'1 ' Action.' ' What is the third ?'' '? Action.' 'Suit the action to the word.' I always took : this to be sound ad7ice. But, perhaps, the speaker meant a gentje hint to tne members of the Hay debating club, who speak to a subjebt at sight taken out of the hat, who gush a bit,' 'make ' arins fly 'like the -kails of a windmill and 'saw the air' vongefullr. (3.) ! The minister was one 'who didn't ; care -a straw for money,' from whichlI infer that the rev. gentleman is not a Scotsman, and that the congregation needn't be uneasy in mind if b0' I hind on quarter day with the good man's sti ' psnd. The last is the best negative quality in the group, and should become a. beatitude, 'Blessed be the people whose;minister cares Dot a Bt^aw about money,' gfor-j they shall not require to 'fork out.'' The positive virtues are of a high order— abreast of the age in general.intQlligence, high culture, great gifts and varied— the good of the people at heart— aud, withal, clothed with humility. Surely tbe Presbyterians in Hay are to be congratulated/ ~ A sale of land, goods, and ohattels of Mrs Rqdd, of Dfcy Lake, was held on the ground yesterday. The' attendance was not large, numbering about 40 persons, nor w^s the com petition brisk. The land, 1280 acres, went to H6wlobg Station at the low figure of 19s per acre| there' bsing no reserve. The other household goods and tbo . stock realised poor prices. So much for rabbits, locusts, grass less plain* nf an untoward sea 