The Haunted Husband; IiADT CHETWYND'S SPECTEB. By Mkr. Harriet Lewis. CH.APTEE XXII. XEABLV DETECTED. At the very moment when the wronged ToniiR Lnd.v Chelwj-nd stole like a shadow inlo I11T linisbaiiil'f: house at Chctnvnd Pork niul rrnpt up to 11 lonely attic to don her pliostlj robes, in which she believed Fhc niiplit strnl to her hnsbrmd's very side, mid Ktill pnss for a spectre or an illusion — .. . ? . T ? 1 #*ll--i ? _^J - — J al mai nionit-ni umu ^ucLnyuu uuu Sjlvin Monk were alone together in the ninpic-roum. Miss Monk hnd been playing some brilliant fantiiRia. upon the grand piano, «nd her jpwclled fingers were still softlj profFinc ihe prarl keys, erokinff discon nrcbd ;oumis while her densely black, half-open rjw rested in n loncinp, absorb ing pvz» npon the fair face of the young mnrqnis Iira-d C etwyni! was wnlking slowly np and down tlie length of the room, his arms foldd! ni-rnss his lirrast, a tbonghtfnl slindow on his fncp. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted slobes upon Sylria Monk's dark East Indian hesnty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking lit her. noiicej for the first lime the pale terror olid' anxiety in her face and eyes. 'What is tlie malter, Sylvia ?' he asked, kinilly. ' Yr:n nre looking ill.' ' There is nothing the matter more than nsnnl, liny,' paid Miss Monk, her 6ngera still .!rnp|iin? sofily on Ihe keys. ' I am not quite wull 01 lute, and yon have been too absorbed in yrair memorial school nnd your lennunts 10 uotice the fact; that i- n!l.' Lord Chitwynd looked startled and snxions. A deeper gravity settled abont liis delicate montli under the shadow of hip £o'd n moustache, and npon his white brows. ? Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia ?' he asked in tones of self-reproach. ' I liavc never com-enlpd from yon that Bernice dead iR more to me than nny woman living. Bnt I love yon also, Sylvia. I appreciate ynur unselfish devotion to me, your gcnile sweetness, yonr earnest love. Believe nip, snrrowful nnd hopeless as I am, I am tint insensible to, nor nncratetnl for, the great gift of your pnre, warm heart In lime, perhaps,' and his voice grew broken, ' In time I may learn to love jon as you deserve to be loved. But now, Sylvia, lie patient with me, and let tlie mantle of your love and charity cover all my Fhorl-cmnings.' She whirled nronnd npon the music stool. Lord Cliciwynd felt for her a Eiidden pity. He moved toward her nnder the impnlso of that sudden pity, and took hi r in his arms. And just then a lifflit, soft step came noiselessly along tlie flower-bordered aisles of the great conservatory, and approached the dr/or of the mnsir-room whence the Eonnd of voices issue). The new-comer was Bernice, in her silken bnrial robes. All onconfcions of the near proximity of the young wife whose death he mourned no dispairingly, Lord (Jhelwynd bent iu pitying affection above the false-hearted being who had wrought him bo much of woe, and whom he had promised to marry. He took Sylvia's hend in his bosom, and the swarthy East Indian face, with its carnation checks, lay 011 his breast, and the black eyes looked love al him. And just then the sliding doors slipped noise lessly apart at a tonch, and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless Ryes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was nnconscions of all bnt him and her love for him. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, she thnnght, her place was filled. The caresses that had thrilled her loving Bool were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, nnd .1 low, smothered cry hnrst from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, and turned and beheld her. For a moment he stood transfixed. Then, with wild cry, he dropped Sylvia from his hold, as if she had been some inanimate thing, and boended toward this seeming spectre. Bernice flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk cnnglit a glimpse of the white robe, the whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky hoir, and with a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Bernice fiew on down the lone flowery aisle, lier eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light nnd fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of muther aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a mispla;ed flower pot. Clelivyml now gained on her. His breath ing sounded hoarsely in her cars. Her panic increased. She conld not see the way before her. She stumbled again— and now Chclwynd readied out his hnnd to grasp her. She was away again like a flash, hot lie had caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his hand, and the yellow film gave away and remained in his clutch, while she flew on and nut at the open door. ' He was at the door the next instant, but Ihe seeming spectre had disappeared. There was a fninl starlight, and he could traco the forms of the chimps of trees and slirnbbery dotting tlie lawn, but the sliiniug vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and Hie bncli, hut in vain. He npvor thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering the garden entrance tn (he liousr. But there, on the. deep trnnl™ seat, Bernice hnii womlied until he had passo'l da toward the cliff*, and ihen Khe hurried into tin' h .use and up the private st r a tlicatiict. tier esui'pe liad not been made n moment too soon. he hail '-scarcel; disappeared ivhen Mi-s Monk camp nisldng oil' of ilie coiiBorvatnty, .-mil turnnil her k|i-, s tn t r 1 -- ' (Mirch wl»ro the young inarcliiiMiiss hnd iia.11 iiMii.i . ; ' The door is ajar,' muttered Sylvia, with' a baleful gleam in her black eyes. ' She has gone into the house. She evidently intends to hide. A'e she does not intend' to reveal herself, I am so far safe.' She closed the door, that Chetwynd .might not be tempted to enter it on his rotnrn from his search abont the grounds, and slowly re-eutered the conservatory. ' I shall pretend that I did not see her,' she thought, halting in the doorway and looking out into the dim, fragrant night. ' It ib be6t to treat her appearance »b Chetwynd's illusion. She is in the honse. Gilbert must not know of her presence here, and I must warn Ragee at once. My old ayah may find means to remove her for ever from my path this very niuht.' Miss Monk rclnrned to the mnsic-room, and thence proceeded to her own apart ments. She found the East Indian woman crouching before her b.mJoir fire. She told her briefly what bad ocenrred, and enjoined her to an absolute cuntion and silence. ' Leave it all tn me, Missy,' said the Hindoo. ' My lady shall not trouble yon after to-night. I think she is gone np to the attics to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, MisBy. After to night no ghost shall haunt Ubelwynd Park.' The old woman spoke with a subtle menace which her mistressfully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extract ing severnl articles from the secret drawer within. Then, with the face of a smiling demon, she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away out of the room, and crept stealthily np to the attics. Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and set oat on her re turn to the mnsic-room. In the hall, just outside Ihe door, she encountered her brother, who was in dress, ing gown and eli[.pers, and appeared just aronsed Irom slumber. ? What's the row, Sylvia ? ' he asked. ' What does all this skurrying np and down stairs mean 1 What ou earth has hspprned 7 ' ? Nothing 1 nothing!' cried Mi6s Monk, with an eagerness that aronsed his suspi cions that something was wrong. ' I came np to my room for a piece of music. Go back tn bed, Gilbert. I must retnrn to the marquis, who is wailing for me.' She moved away as she spoke, and hastened to descend the stairs. Monk caressed his beard while he looked thongbt fnlly after her. fche said she had come np to her room for a piece of music, but herbnnds were empty. 'Mr. Monk, being very astute npon occasion, whistled softly and went back to his ro»m, drew on his coat and boots, and also hurried down to the music room. His sister was in the room alone, and greeted his appearance with a black frown. ' Do go back, Gilbert ! ' she exclaimed. ' Roy and I are having a private interview. He will not like this interruption. Go, or yon will regret il.' ' Hum ! ' said Mr. Monk, flinging him Belf into a chair. ' I shall regret it if I do go, no doubt. I know yon, my ami able sister, and I choose to remain hero until yonr Inver comes.. Some game is afoot— Ha ! what's that ? ' There was a sound of hnrried footsteps in the conservatory, and Lord Chetnynd rushed inlo the music-room, pale, wild and disordered. Monk leaped to his feet in amazement. The marquis looked past him with a wandering gaze. ' Has she been back !' demanded Chet wynd. ' I have missed her.' 'Who?' cried Sylvia and Gibert Monk, in a breath, the former pale, the latter eager. 'Bernice— my wife I Did she come bock this way 7' repeated Chetwynd. 'My God ! Have I lost her again ?' 1 Ah, has this spectre appeared to yon again, my lord ? qnestioned Alonk, his face flaming. ' Has Ihe ghost been here T ' Yes. Bernice came and looked in upon us, as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed, or moaned, aud the Round went to my soul. I saw her face, and it was pale and sorrowful, yet glorious in its beamy and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also — ' ' No, no — I saw no ghost 1' Chetwynd turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. ? Surely you saw her,' Monk declared. ?You looked toward her — you did see her.' ' And I iay I did not. 1 saw no spectre whatever. Do you think my lord, that we are all victims of yonr peculiar craze ? I tell you again I did not see the apart lion, or illusion, or whatever it might be called. 1 6wear 1 did not see it.' ' And yon looked toward yonder door Sylvia?' ' I did/g! I looked straight at yonder doorway,' affirmed the swarthy beauty. 'Had anything licen there, even a shadow, I must have seen it. Bnt there was nothing there.' 1 My lord,' said Monk, calming himself by a htroiii; effort and speaking fonlh ingly, 'you deceive yonrsell. Sylvia did not sec her, and had there been a woman Sylvia must have seen her. You have experienced a recurrence of your Gingnlur optical illoMon.' ' I will not hear that word again, Monk,1 said his lordship, exciiediy, his face flush ing. ' r Illusion ! ' Why, she ran along the conservatory, and I heard her light footfalls. She tripped upon' a flower pot left in the path. I was as near 10 her an 1 am to you. I reached out my arm to grasp her— and I caught this I ' ^He unclosed his clenched hand and dis played a fragment of point law, yellow and wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, just as heihad torn it from Bernice 'e sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared appalled. Hero was evidence such an they had not counted on that the spectral visitor wan a living woman. Both stood dnmb not knowing what to say. Chetwynd laid the Hemp 01 laco flat npon his hand. ' The mvsiery dei-pens,' he said, li'ois.'ly. ? r,ui iliat 1 myself say my wife die, but that I myself say hir bnried, I Bbould say that she lives and has been here to- night. Look at this lacej It was 011 her burial robe — the robe she [wore on her first evening in this boose. ' She had the gown made. in London. I remember her innocent delight at Ihe pattern of this lace. There were branching palms done in flim, as one might say. And here is the palm r.enrly perfect. If niy visitor were a ghost, would she wear tangible iace ? And whoever she. i'b, how came she with this lace which I remember so well ? ' 'Chetwynd,' said Monk, slowly, 'I think that you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her reserablanee to Bcroice. Calm yourself. Look at the matter dispassionately, if you can. Besnice is dead, so your visitor can not be she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I paid, some designing woman.' ' Bnt the face was pnre and nobler — ' ?That proves nothing.' The face might eveu have been a mask. Let us resume your search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. Yon search the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. Shall it beso ?' The marquis assented and thrust the lace in his pocket, and went out with a perplexed nnd tronbled face. Tbo mystery had indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. He hnrried ont toward the park, into whose dark recesses he plunged and dis appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of the house, lint he did not go to (lie cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden entrance aud stole into the honse, and made his way up to the attics, as Hagee had done before him. ?I'll find her up here,' he thought 'She has come up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to-night. Once I g»t possession of her again, I'll hold her fast, so that she will not escape me.' Gilbert Monk went frorii attic to attic in a vain ani rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thns spent, he became ?onscions that souieonc-was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and ilmost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the ontset. He gained upon the etealihy person in advance, and soon beranie aware of the fact that she had halted, and was hiding somewhere in the stillness nnd darkness. He moved on more cantionsly, 'leter mined not to pass his qnarry in the dark ness. He crept across a long, low, ill lighted attic, at the end of which was an apen doorway going into a smaller, darker room. Listening, he was sure that he heard snppressed breathing in that inner room. ' I have her now !' he said himself, ex ultantly. ' She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. Now, my lady, I have yon like 8 bird in a cage. There io no ontlet to yon der room I fancy, save through 'this. You are caught at last. !' He hastened in his stockinged feet to ward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In tlie tame instant a figure jnst uithin Ihe ooorwiiy sprang npon him, and a pair if long, supple hands stoic abont his icck, as seeking to strangle him. ' Ha ! I hate you now !' hissed & voice which he recognised as that of the East [ndian woman. ' This lime, girl, yon die !' The long fingers twisted themselves like snakes around my neck, and the old j noman clung to him like a horrible incu- I in«. Bnt suddenly her fingers came in xmtact with Mb heard. The shock of a ;reat surprise unened her fingers. The [hog-like hold on him now relaxed ; and nnw Monk seized his assailant and flung her from him like -i««t venomous reptile, hurling her to the floor, as he cried out : ' Yon accursed hag '. Yon here ?' 'You here, Mr. Gilbert?' said Ihe old Hindoo, in a choked voice, gathering herself up, and scowling at him through the darkness. ' Curse you !' said Monk, angrily. ' I jught to kill jon, you infamous Tmig !' The old woman muttered an unintelli gible response ill her own tongne. ' Gel out of thi a !' said Monk, authori tatively. ' If you make another move ngainst Lady Chetwynd I'll have you Bent iway from Chetwynd IJark. Yon tried to nnrdi-r her ladyship at the skaters' chalet. You'd'beltiM- draw x-S now. Yoo're fight ing me; do you understand ? I know yon, rout aud brunch. I overheard that little interview --f yours with Sylvia some sixteen mont'ns age, and 1 know all yonr schemes. I permitted the mock death &nd; the mock funeral for reasons of inv Dwn. I have had charge of my lady ever Bince. I am working out schemes of my jwn, bnt they will not interfere ivilh those Df Sylvia. My sister shall be Lady of Chetwynd. 1 am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now V The old woman snarled in dissatisfac tion. She did not believe Monk's protesta lirns. Ber.;detcrminalion that Bernice should die 'gathered new strength. Bnt she realised, as did Monk, that they were wasting lime in talking which should be JcvoU-'J to pursuit. Therefore she 6nid, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the least deceive bi-r opponent : ' If yon say it's all right, Mr. Gilhert, I snpimse it is, and I'll go downstairs.' With this she abruptly darted past him inlo the larger atlie Bud glided into the corridor beyond. ' She resumed her search,' muttered Monk. ' If 8 to 1-e n race between us which shall find Bernice first. Let sonic devilish instinct should guide old Uagce, whom the fiends protect, 1 think I'll follow her. i Wo nre sure soon to find Bernice. And f will look in the upper garret to which liernicc sent me before.' Hn luirried out, bnt the BinJno'iaU dis appeared. He sought for her, bnt be conld not find her. He tramped from room to room, but she elnded him. He visited the little garret in which Bernios had before hidden, but the youthful marchioness was not them, vtA there wbs'5&S; .token of her re. cent presence. ' ' He searched for hours, until he was. fatigued and wrathful, and persuaded that he had been completely baffled. Then he went down sullenly to his own room. He had scarcely composed his featnres to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, when a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience to his snmmons Lord Chetwynd entered the room. The yonng marquis still wore a pale, disordered conntenanee. His blue eyes were burning. His golden hair was tossed back from his bronzed brows in strange dishcvelment. He looked still excited, anxions nnd perplexed, yet determined to solve the mystery that encompasBed him. ' I're been to yonr room twice, Gilbert,' said his lordship, abruptly, ' and yon were not in. Have you just returned from your search ?' ? But five minutes since/ replied Monk, arising and proffering a chair. ' I Iibtb searched the cliffs ami beach and boat homos, and I have not found a trace of your singular visitoi. [ have even searched the honse high and low, fancying that the visitor might be one of the house maids masquerading for your benefit, but I have not gained any light npon the mystery.' ' The mystery will soon be solved,' said his lordship, with increasing calmness. ' I have at last something tangible to work upon. So long as I supposed that I was dealing with the supernatural — and what else could I think? — I was helpless. Bnt this fragment of lace proves that my visitor is living, and I iniend to know who she is. The mystery shall be probed to the bottom. At present I know not what to think, and I shall summon assistance in the solution of the affair. I shall need yonr help, also, Gilbert. I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard in the morning for a skilled detective to be sent down immedi ately.' Monk changed color and his heart beat more quickly. ' As long as there is a possibility that some one of the servants may be concerned in the affair,' continued Chetwynd,' ? I shall keep the identity of the detective a profound secret between ourselves. I will not even trnst the telegram to a servant, and I shall bej yon to take it over to Enstbourne and transmit it yourself. I can trust yon, Gilbert, but whom else? I shall not know until I have solved this mystery.' ' I shall be glad to he of service to yon, Chelwynd. Command me in anyway you please. I will set ont at daybteak, if you like. And the better tn conceal my errand from tbe bonsehold here, I'll walk over to Chetwynd-by-Sea and hire a fly at the inn.1 Lord Chetwynd acceded, and drew out his note book and wrote a message npon a loose sheet, addressing it to the superin tendent at Scotland Yard, London. He gave it into Monk's hands, enjoining him to dispatch it at an early honr in the morning, and soon after withdrew. 'There is trouble ahead,' muttered Monk, ' unless I captnre the girl again. She's not in the attics. I daresay she's gut off. I'll have to send the telegram, for my treachery in regard to it would be speedily detected.' Soon after daybreak he left the house, and set out on his walk to the neighbor ing village. It was broad daylight when he entered the inn yard, and a stable-boy came forward to meet him. ' I want a fly to take me to Eastbonme,1 ssid Monk, abruptly. ' How soon can you have it ready ?' 'There'B noe here now ready to start, air,1 replied tbe boy, 'which it belong! to Baat bunrne, and bronght over a lady as was veiled last night. The lady got oat np the street, and told the driver to come here and wait for her, bat she give ue the slip, and hasn't been nigh an since. And the driver are ravin' mad because he'a to get do pay for tbe retain trip.' ' Ah !' mi Monk. ? I'll go back with hm. The lady has given him the alip, has ahe » I- tbe fly ready to start this moment f Tbe aiable.boy replied in the affirmative, and conducted Monk into the stable vard, where the vehicle in question vaa io waiting. The driver wai buckling % lut strap and swearing at tbe hor*e. Monk entered into negotiations with the cabman, and hired tbe vehicle to convey him to Etsthourne, tbe stable-boy not choosing 10 .Stow bin horsei to go ont before their break faBt. Monk gave tbe cabman money for drink, and ao loosened his tongne, and obtained a description of the lady wbo had come over to Ohetwyud on the previous night. The de&crip.; tion. aB he expected, tallied with the appear* auce of Bernice. Bat why had not Bernice returned to tbe village after her viait to the park, and gone aw«y in the cub? Bad the Hindoo f.,und nnd killed her! Or was ehe still iu hiding at Chbtwynd Park ! Those questions occupied Mouk during tbe jmirouy to Eastbourne. Hesent his telegram, cams, he engaged & huuom cab, aud «tt out on his return to Chetwynd Park, arriving home soon after the nine o'clock hreakroat. He had his repast alone, and subsequently an ioteiview in the library with Chetwynd, after which be went up to hit sister's rooms. li*gee was in attendance upon her mistress, but Ine Hiudon woman's head was buund up in her tnrban ae in a bandage, and there were planters on her faco. She walked lame also, aud Mouk leaped to the conclusion that ehe had had a personal confliot with someone — probably with Bernice. He regarded the woman keenly, and detected a fimonldering rage in her stealthy eyes, nnd he knew by that tignisi look that Kagee had found her victim after the Kant Imlian woman hail parted from him. And if ulie liad foind Bernice, what then ? Re went ont from Miss Monk's mom {u\l of foars anil tremblings, and muttered, as be Btole again to tbo lonely allies : \- -Itagee found Bernice— that is clear. She mud. have killed her. But if the girl escapes her fangs, flho's in hiding somewhere now/and I must get her away before the detective officer cumen. What if wo were to find her t Once gee her safely out of the way. and I can defy him. My tracks are covered.' . (Tn be continued.) 