PAYING A DZEB,. Leonard s Halsey had the tootha?he That cbh 1 'as undeniable. Eqswlly undeniable was the act that it weas pretty bad one-nay, if that gentle. 1 mansbad been questioned about it, he would have insisted on it that no human being had ever been rader the away of such a Sesdhh pain bewre.- f that it was impossible for a man to endure subck agony fire minutes--and this in the face of the fact that bh had been suffering its red-hot tortures for I ire minutes, and was stll sufficiently aliveto swear like a trooper at each extra twingers All day log. l1. tooth had ' growled,' and tho, I in this dismal little town where he was to apmed the I ignht, it had set in to ache at full awing. I Leonard Halsey's teeth were his prid, aebe I hated to lose them : but, being a man of prompt action, he made up his mind that having it out was peef6rabhl to the death which would inevitably I evertake him, should he suffer natil morning Knowing there was au dentist in the town he do termined to call upon the kiadly omces of the first I Ahysician. ' Wheredoes the nearest doctor live ??he inquired of the landlord. 'Just across the way, but--' Before he could go further, however, the agonised rictim was half way across the street. There upon~the door plate made of spar, ' so that he who runs may read.' Ilalsey saw the legend in black letters : 'Dr. E. Middleton.' Is Dr. Middlton in ? demanded he of the Irish g:lt who answered his summons. with such fierce ie-s that e fell back fearing that he was an es caped I c. *Is Dr. Middleton in, I asked yon' demanded -,e again, still more impatiently. SYi, sur, yis, sur.' \- 'Then what are you staring at! ' Nswthin, sur_ Walk into the fice, answered S3tungares with her politeot manner, feeling that any other course placed her in the imminent danger of being scalped. ' Obedient to her order, he walked into.the office' without further ceremony. Instead of the doctor, however,was only a young girl reading a book. She oses politely, ate acknowledged his presence and handed him a chair. She waited a second or so, with any expectant look upon her ceý and then asked in a sweet and very clear roice: 'Can Ido anything for you Yom seem to be suffering. ' Ko, thank you. I just want to see year father if onu please... Thiswas at random, of course, but then Halse. was not in a condition tobe very bacid, or anything tl-e that she thouight was ratihnaL ' My father,'eebeed the girl with wedes inher v. ice. ' Why he has been dead tea Jy ss. ' I mean Dr. Middletoma ' I beg your pardon for assuming that he was your fa her, hut this confounded toothache makes me for get everything. A burst of soft merriment madle him hok angrily at this girl who dared to laugh while he was in such misery. ' It is now my trn.to ask your pardon, but I think you will understand my laughing, and excuse it. Iam Dr. Middleton. 'Now can I doanything for you i' ' It was Halsey's turn to fall back a step or two, or he would have done so, but that he had seated himself at once on enteringthe eBee; but it is no exaggerution to say that his misery was swallowed up in thq momentary shock of amazement. ' But, good heavens-I hate women doctors and I want this tooth out,' he replied, angrily an if he reeated her sea, sal consilred himnelf pemsonally aggrieve. 'I am sorry but I can't ace Lew I can helpit now demurely answered the doctor.. ' Help what ? asked Halsey. iea a woman doctor he knew she was laughing at tin, though never a ghost of a smile was on her face sad she 1book her head gravely as though she deprecated the circumstance. ' Where is the next doctor, o is she a womes too P' asked Halsey, impatiently. 'Nc,' she'is a man, and is a dwellng-.hose about twenty yards off, but is away for she night. If you'd wait till absheet noon to-morrow b'she ug. G;eted, wickedly, in a questioning tone. ' Heavens ! wait till noon I why don't you suggest my waiting till doomsday ' bs replied, savagely. SIs there no other! ` Yes, one other-Dr Alf.rd.' ` Is he a man-or-woman ? ' He' a man, too. But---- ' 'But what ? Tell me quick. Good graciou r woman, did you ever have the toothache ! Hfrry up and relieve me.' ' I'm perfectly willing to be elany service. Dr Alford, who is your only remaining hope, is sick in l.el. Still, yu mighttry there. Ifnot, come bhack and I'll lend you my forcepe, as that you may pall it yourself. ' Halsey shot out of the door muttering to him eelf, ' A woman doctor! Humph ! wanted the job lherself, likely. I bet I'll find somebody to take out this confounded miss of pain. Lend' ms her foer rps indeed ! A woman that willa standand laugh at a man inm mmisery hut be a perfect friend."' - l~ut then, what could be expected of a woman 'wh, 'rould study medicine ? lMuttering to himself, he wandered up and d6wn the muddy streets, but all tono purpose. 1Iastry finally brought him back toDr Middleton's ' l've come to ask yon to lend nie your forceps. L'm going to get some man to pull this thing' .. Dr Middleton hesitated a moment, then said, arvely : 'I offered you my forceps in a spirit of- mischief, we'I knowing you would never undertake the thing _ounse?f But I cannot put them into the hands. of :: ianorant per.-on. I am too much of a physii'ian no: to be aware of the grave results that might 1 .tlow from an injudicions use of them. Vet I hale :,, lefuse you, for I know you're in esuch misery, ,u.I it seems just as if I wanted to tdo it mysalf. Halsey could not help admiring the bravre manner lfi which this young lady faced an unpleasant ri'n4tion. \- Cal- on realy do it, and I am p:enty strong SYou won t hurt me. ' That I oannot promise. I won't hurt you un :ecessarily.' - - - a Doubtfully cyeing the doctor, Leonard took his pro seat and prepared for the operation which he per suaded himse:f, could not le much worse than the exc Iaiiery he was now suffering. In a moment it was over, but so was Halsey, for shi the sudden revolution had caused him to faint. In a moment he came to himself again taoiad soft hands bathing his head. - ' Am I dead t' he murmured. SOh, no,' gaily answered the doctor. 'People don't ask questions when they are dead.' Halsey sat up straight and looked around in bewilderment. Suddenly it all came to him, and he exclaimed : 'By Jove. You're a plucky one ? The doctor laughed, and seated herself at some little distance while he recovered his equilibrium. ' May I ask you, Mr-Mr-' ' Halsey,' supplemented Leonard,. i. 'Thank you. May I ask you, Mr Halsey, why .you dislije women physicians I Is it on prin ciple % bi 'It is, madam, though it sounada uagracious in me to say so.' '. But on what prin:ipal, 3Mr Halsey P' persisted Ii the doctor.. Are you acquainted with many of my profession whs have proved unworthy the tret, placed in them ?r ' Good gacions !No ; I don't know one. Never br would become acquainted with any of them.' to SAh,. than I undaerstand, Mr Halsey., It is e judice, not principle. di S'John,' tounching has tap-bell, get Jerry ready N now,. I'm of.' - 'Are you going- oat such a ??lt sa this,' ex claimed Ialsey i amsramenet. ' Why not. Is i(not my business todo it 2' : t *Well, but I thought women only kind of half did these things.' w " 'I never half do anything I undertake, or I should h perhb have left halt your tooth in 'jhbe eplied, b with ignity.. And now I mast wholly dismiss you, as theoe is a sick baby waiting me two miles away. Bewildered. Halsey went over to:-thabhotek But b weariness overcame his bewilderment and sleep soon a had possession of him . Whrling away to th'e e? t day, Halsey was P asddealy struck with a idea that caused hhis toy l cri(mso, and strike, his knees vigorously. 0 'By Jove, he exclaimed alowi, regardless of surrouadinge. - I never ofifred the woman. a cent for what sae did What must she thine of me tx The ides of going iah a doctor's otce, abuslnggber I whole tribe, and then after she had done her level best for me never ever mentioning money to. her. a I ell, what must she thinkof me : a SAnd the thought of Elaine Middheton?o mirth SfiUed, as she, no doubt, enjpyed the sautation, was , almnot ua hard tabser as thetoothachehad been. S I will send it to her as soon as get home' he: mattereda r itting dea s hish oheo e to send the desired u money befound himselfin a quandnay. He did, ' ant know what her chages were. To oftheer too s little was shamoefl - to offer her too much looked like estentationof charity. lbsther, it he sent it c by post, he would never know whether dah got its, t wohss he asked bar to aciknoledge it; and it he s did that-ask a woman to acknowledge the- receipt he would look mean. Altogether he found himself caring much- for the opinions. of thiu much-to-be-despised woman. a doctor, although he told limsell he didn't care what she thought. d He settled it that he would go down speciallyail see her, and pay his bill in the course of these or four days, and' be done with her.' 4 But before he had a chance, important business took hisn to Europe, and the annoying matter was. Lt swallowed up in. matters of greater importance. s After three months of hard work he sat down upon the deck of the vessel, to rest. Noting the- bnstle and confusion of voices around him, there caine to. h him, from.some-little.distance awayone'goo.Ld-by,' s- that effected him strangely. a- Turning to note the owner, he saw a face strangely familiar, curiously maknown.. Upon the d arm of the young girl leaned a sweet-faced, white. haired old lady. ' Be careful, mother,' said the. voie le. knew, 'yon will fall.' d B - B the warnLng' came r Iasi Tla? ? old lady . tripped and fell directly in Halsey't arms, spread f to catch her. ' Thank you si; oh, thank you " exclaimed the * daughter," in a frightened voicei 'Mother, dear, are _ou hurt ! g ' ot a all, Elaie but the mother shook With fright. ,e , Let me take your mother down- staire,' said alseyearnestly. : >k At the sound of his voice the daughter started ry (she had not lo.ked athim. before)-and looked at him quiclry.. be 'Thank you,. M.r Halsey, she sai with ai smile, 'I shall be qad to.?ave you help me.' g 'Dr. &e; etoin!' exclaimed Halsey onirgit -sed at last as to the resemblance, nd voice which ey hadbafedhuhim og The voyage was a beautifl oae, and these.three, sorasgey thrown together, and knowingno one er elemd much to sar y to each other.I The smembranee of Halseys mother, tenderry loved, and bitterly mousned, when lost two years ur before-she thought of what her baby boy might 'r- have been, had he lived to he strong and tall and tender as this young man was-drew Halsey and ly -r Mdletoa closely together. ch Many times Halsey wished be cour .speak of that thoughtless act of his, but innate delicacy I prevented,~ and hefelt that, unless something ex SI traordinary happened- he murst forever gp. round with that in his ind. Halsey had. one peculiarity-a hatred of small o, obligation-adl this made-bimuncomfortable under ed the preset cireusmatanee. nO A few days more and they parted~, withan eurnet ed mn.tatioa from Mrs Middleton to come and see them-an invitatio heartily accepted by Haley. II 'Really,' he said to-hinself, 'Imust ep and see he the der old lady soon. y nd 'aso proved& tobt the eand of the ane week, s Week follds wekt, sad with it, every Wednes-. daevennug, with mauiling regnulaty, wee Halse found at Middletoa ',visiting theokldlad • S Elaie flittered m sad out, mad pidnopisthiawl he attena to hees. ed But her mother noticed, with a smile., that telry on Wednesdays Elaine seemed in somewhat of a o hunry, and !reead to get through with her regular visib tearler la the day, so as to give the evenings S-oIy to ' easuals.' a, But en evearog ame when Mr.Middleto wms too icmrk tsee him. A su s resolve fred s e uI. ,t 'Dr. Middlete,' he mid, bravely. -looting at ly, her with his honest eyes, '1 I owe you a debt. Wait a' u she wa about to interrupt him : ' ? year ago to-night, and just such a night I came hare for ye.r servicesa. We, soo ?h: oer rected himuelf, with alarugh, not exatly that, for ! your father sernvicsa I have ever aettled the Sdebt I owe you.' ' Mr Halsey,' she erxclaimed, with a hurt-4ook Dr that nearly distracted him. in ' And to night I am detewmined to pay it.' ek ' An offer of money from you now, lMr Ialaeley, mI Iregard as an insult, and one which I never ex pected to receive at the hands of one whom I had m- grown to regard as a dear friend.' . ph And tears trembled in her voice, showing how ut deep was the wound in her heart. . '*Miss Middletona,' exclaimed Halsey,. with an at intonation that made her trsemble, white Mt ood drifted slowly away from her face, though she an would not meet his eye. I did not intend to offer you money, I intended to offer myself. 'Not,' he n acded, hypocritically, ' that I consider myself any thing like an equivalent for the sum due you. •' Elaine looked up and laughed; she could not help it. The abject humility of hi voice was too Smuch for you I know it is very improper to laugh on suach d oc.ceions, but it cannot he denied thateshe laughed. ' You see,' he continued, 'I want to pay my f, debt with interest-nay, more than interest, with love!' i of ' But you forgot, Mr Halsey, that I am a lan 'woman doctor;' and you ' hate' us all.' .ht 'Oh, no, not all my darling !' seeing no denial tte inher face, ' for I love you. Come!' anudhe held out his arms to her. A second's hesitation, and she went forward into et the shelterofhis arms, saying, as she laid her head Lt against him: 'I-am tired;Leonard, and you always rest me so i though I would not have ackniowledged ng it before;,' she added, roguishly. ' But does nog-it strike you as being a rather conceited way of .pay. ing a debt ' I admit it,' he assented with much humility 'and even now you have a perfect right, if you prefer'--and his hand sought his pocket book. \- No, never mind,' she replied, laughing. A fair exchange is no robbery.' 'To think I should have sold myselfor fior ve shillings !' exclaimed Halsey, dolefully. 