Sketctier. Bod and Whipping Post. 'Ho that spareth the rod hatcth Us son, blithe that luves him chastens him betimes,' Baid Solomon. Tho prdagoguo of t*-o old school -was, therefore, a tnun aft«r tho hemrt of tho wise Israelite. Tho 'birch' held as important a placi in tho curriculum of Homo Of tho old-tirno sohonln sh Latin or Greek, h'i mur.h ho thiit when our English grandfathers used to c ill to r.;emory thoir pchoolboy days thoy did not say, ' Whan I was nt school, ' but, ? When I -was uudor th t rod. ' The schoolboys of tho present hnvo not tho slightest idea of the punishments undergone by thoir ancestors. Flagellation is now out of dato, oxoept in one small corner of our couatry, and tho ' birch ' of to-duy in only h ghost of what it was a century . ugn. Whip ping has boon far more severe in Eujrlinh schools than in American. Tho Euglith sohool-boy, 100 years ago, eithor hud Qroolc Smnded into him or life pounded out of him. uo old-fashioned school maHter boasted that in fifty years bo hud given 500,000 cmiugs and 124 proper flogginm. Another rooor.1 shows that during nfty-ono years in a lnrgo Lonflon' -ch™-l fhnro woro udmlulstorod 911,000 cauligH, 121,000 floggings, 203,000 oustodos, 130,000 tips with, a rutor, 10,200 boxos on tho cars and 227,00(1 tasks learno I by hearty besides hundreds of thousands of ear pinches. ' During that time, in tfio satna school, 0,000 boys woro modo to knrcl on n sharp edge of wood, 700 to stand on poas and 5,000 to -wear tho fool's cap. TIicho sovoro punishments fnquontly h(a a cotuioul sido, when tho'culprit, being tho eupjrior ia size, turned the tabled upon tli'o worthy pedugoguoi giving him a priiQticnl taste of his own idea of compulsory education. Engfinhmon haro a Tory had opinion of Americans aa floggera. Thoy think us uhronio whippers. In a .London publication not ' long since appeared thin fttatomnnt : 1 Domostio ' flopging, or what is called ' spanking, ' proyails, raoro or loss, all over America, so fur as tho younger branehos of t!io 'family1' aro' couo-irnod. ? ? * Sons ? and danghfera, wo ore told, havo to endure the rod until they nro of a nmrria^ cubic mm. * * * Orjwn yuung ladies ore frequently whipped 'in komo of tho American schools, and ft h'tts hdiin toKervcd for Amerioma to mako a ;trailo of Hogging, thoy having in vented a macMiio in (ho days of sin very, going by honw-powor, for whipping niggers.' Tho first whipping in hoIiouI on this side of tho 'Atlantic ' whs dono by tho old school masten of Now Aiistordam. Dutch young sters uted to out frfquont hookies, and it wus , customary for I ho parents to turn thoir chil dron ovqr to tho ' sohulmoitttor ? for discipline Flogging in colonial diys was not common in tho schools, .though with othor English oustoms cntno that of using tho 'birch.' lho flrst porson publicly whipped in America wag. a' Quakeress naniod Mury Clark, who was given twenty Httipos far preaching in Boston, in 10/57. The next to suffer in this manner woro Ghristop!ior Holder and John Copoland,: both (logged on account of their religious'. belief by the Puritans in Boston, and within .tho next year twelve persons wcro pubuoly whipped because thoy were Quakers. Aftor'tho whipping of Oopcland many loft iiussaohusotts and nettled on Long Island and in tho Dutch colonios, but thoy wcro treated there in tho same way. One Robert Hod-mono was aocuncd of holding a meeting st Hamnteud. Ho was brought over to Now Amsterdam; dragged through tho town nt tho tall- of a cart, and tbou tnken boforo thu Towu,Oounoil. Ho was whipped inside of tho fort,UBd fiuod 000 guildero, sind beeauso ho could, not pay tho fiuu ho was unmercifully flogged 1:. a.' second time. Tho following warrant was issued at Dover, Mass, in 1002 : ' To tho constables of Dover, Hnr.'.pton, Salisbury, Nowhcrry, Tiyim, 1? hi i-, Ujx bury and Dadhiim : Until tl.o vn -nbonil Qimkors are curried cut of il;i- jurisdiction you nro to givo them sound whippings; you uud every 0110 of you aro required in tlio King's Majesty's namo to tuk-: thoso vaga bond Quakers, Anno Oolcinun, Jliry Totup kins nud Alioo Ambrose, and m iko thorn fast to tho cnrt's tail and to whip them upon their nukod.'baoks. Convey thorn from constable to constable until thoy aro out of this juris diotion; as you will answer at your peril, and this shall be Tour warrant. 1 At Dover, Dooombor 22, 1002. Per mo, Riciiaud AVai.dax.' Tho warrant is still preserved at Boston. A similar commission was issued by John Kudioott in 1004 for the iloggiug of JSlwurd Whaiton. Floggings of a timilnr naturo., occurred frequontly until tho Quakors were safoly sctlied iu I'onnsylvnniu. Tho folbw ing iiuoouut of a whipping which took nluoi ?t Boston in 1734, is taken from au old i.ows pipor pnblbhod in 177-1. ? Oaptain St. Tj'O, commander of u warship, then in Boston Harbour, being npprohonded tor walking on the Lord's day, was sentenced b/ a Justico of tho Peaoe to 'pay n lino, and on refusing t- puy hud to fit in thortooks an hour during tl.o t! \y. While in the stook* tho good peimie supplied hifi with muah good advioo as to liis future oonduot on tho Sab bath day. After he was released tho ouptaiu expressed groat regret for his past trans grcusions, and doolared to th-jm that ho w*a in future resolved to lead a new lifo. The saints of Boston were, of course, dolighted nt his sudden reformation, and in ordor that tho Captain might still further profit by their good oounsol, many of thorn invited him to dinner. Tho Cnptuin proved to bo u most zealous nud genuino oonvort. Ho nttendoil prayor-mcetiajs and «liowod over/ outward mark of grace.' At luiigth ho was obliged to put to noa, imj boforo tlio day of doparturo invited ninny of tho »pu-itual advi^ern to dinner ubjurd tho vl-dhoI, whioh lay ready iu Nantuflkot 1vj::'!-i. 1 A capital diuuor was proridod, nt which many buttles were drained to:tho Ciptuin'ii health. When tho after-dinner harmony was at its height, a body of sailors burst into tho cabin and seized tho guests. Thoy woro drugged on dock, tied to n grating, nwi tho boatswain and his assistants administered tho Uw of Moses in a most o.iorgolio manner, tho Captain mom imo ludtiriujr them that tho morliiloution of tho ileuh tended to the saving of the soul. They wcro bui.dled into their boat and tho Captain imtnudiitely sat ?ail. The only plaoo in thotTnited States where the old idea that whipping U tho means of edtfioaUon is still dung to is in Delaware. In that state.thero aro whipping- posts— one at Dover, one at Georgetown and another at Newcastle.— Corr. IT. Y. Times. 