SIFTI/NGS. TernE is a very good prospect that the cricket steason will be a successful one. In previous years the Oriental dwarfed all other clubs, the prowess of its members being such that no othebr lcal club had a chance, and the spirit of rivalry died out, oven the old-established Goulburn club, which in its day won many a hard-fought battle, giving up the ghost. The end was hetened by the departure or retirement from the ericket field of some of the best players, otherwise perhaps a strong effort would have been made to reep tho old elub intact and we bshould have eeon a revival of the battles with the Orientals for supremacy. The promoters of the uoaoeesfully-establishod crickett union saw the roeal cause of the decadonoe of erioket, and they have taken the right way to remove it. The clubs formed by the union are not perhaps exactly equal, but the bolanco should not be so overpuwering as to takle the heart out of all others; and even supposing that one club dospe come very much to the front there will still be a good field amongst the others. If King's College, for instance, ohould prove the premier thie Australs will not meet the Belmores with the less zostr, and the Ivanhoes will not give up fighting the Stars. Another advantage which will acorueo from the union is that the boest eleven in the city will be got together to take the field with visiting clubs, and the players will be entrusted with the cricketing prestigo of tbhe town, and not merely of a particular club. In the old days when all the best players were included in the Goulburn club the city used to put down the crack clubs of Sydney. Those were the days of Belcher, Donaldson, Moore, Payten, Gillespie, Banks, the Dioksone, and others who are no longer with us or who have put aside the gauntlets. If we remember rightly in that old time the Alberts, the Warwicks, and the University all fell victims to the prowess of the players of the southern city, and let us hope that the day may return when we will be able to repeat the viotories of former years. If it is to be done the method to be adopted by the union will effect it. The name of absurdity was reached at a special meeting of the Goulburn Reserve Rifle Company on Tuesday evening last, when it was solemnly decided to have a staff of officrs in connection with the company, the change to be brought about under the cloak that they are to talke the place of the committee. These officere will not be recognized as euch by the military authoriries, the regulations under which the compspy is established only providing for a president, secretary, and treasurer. The oom pany is merely an organisation of riflemen, oarrying on its operations with the smallest amount of restriotion possible. Drills and parades are unknown, and oven musketry instruction is optional. Under these ciroum srances what earthly necessity is there for officers ? The question can only be answered in the negative, and the reply carries with ii the aesumption that the idea of these favouring the obonge is the puerile one of obtaining a tinsel title. Growen men should be above such folly. It would be just as sensible to have other officr?s in a crirketing eleven than tbhe captain Lieuteonant Longtop, Colour-sergeant Point, Corporal Bowler, and so forth. Fortunaetoly the Government defined the uniform to be worn, otherwise probably there would have been an agitation for gold lace and bearehin caps anod epaulettee. The spirit that the proposal displays is one .that we regret to see rampant amongst young men in this colony. Iteovinoes a hanker ing after petty things and is an endorsement of the militarism which has been the curse of the old world. It is by titles and uniforms that militarism is maintained. Let it be added in justice to the members of the company that the attendance at the meeting was anything but representative. To hear somepaeudod-pbilosophio pooplodeolaim one would imagine that the tendenoy of all law is to interfere with individual liberty. It never enters their heads to suppose that where there are a number of persons more or less related to each other in buesiuess and other arrangements there can be no liberty at all except within the law. The highest and most extousiveo definition of liberty is that each shall have freedom to do what he likes providing he infringes not upon the sqoal freedom of every other man-not that every man shall do as he likes irrespective of his neighbour. That isn't liberty, it is license, and would degenerate very speedily into anarchy. If a man dwell alone in the middle of the bush he can shout and hol, throw stones, fire off his gun when and as he bchooses, and do pretty nearly what he likes; but if he come into a crowded city thelaw of equal freedom willdebar him from doing anything whioh robs another maen of his qcaal rights. For instance he cannot fira his gun haphazsrd in the streets, or throw stones recklessly. Why? Simply because his not is calculated to kill or injure somobody else. The law therefore steps in, not to limit his freedom, for it is not freedom but license, but to conserve the equal rights of the component parts of society. Nevertheless we have our baok-yard philosophers who, noting that in the buash the man can condnet himself practically as he chooses without let or hind. rance, atd then seeing that under different con ditions, as for instance in Sydney, he is limited on all aides, ory out that law is an interlerence with liberty. One of the greatest minds that the world epover produced put the qdestion the other way. Speaking from a deep cognizance of both law and liberty he summed up the matter in the terse sentence: " Wthout law there can be no liberty." That is a rather dif ferent ooncle-lon from that arrived st by the oratorical humbugs who, gnat-like, flit about the surface of things and never rest long enough in one place to know anything about it. 01 course this does not imply that some laws are not unjustifled interferences, but a just law is the upeoldor of true freedom. 