[?] \- " k Old Time turns dn, and m his 'revolution has Again brought round another session of the .Victorian Parlhcmeifti f/I j tepchHphad. a few words to say about those all-knowinff politicians who. daily meet at restaurant and coffee palace, and who had it on toe best authority that tbe fate of the sMted as soon as parliament met. These Sir Oracles com- to 'wayefc;:.Jii;. tlie ;ih-,. .fallibility of their information, and now have ;ahrila ccSoapletev i |pce I AMA . AAIEAA S,A1 A AA AT A A LAMA 1 wASMM fvn VITA senates terances | that the Miuy try j as a wKole . is safe,' although it is quite, possible to&t; . there may be one or two changes in its pfri6niikl. Sajt&.v as the latter part of toe oracular;dve|ance Is .concerned, 'j .t- ' i f " i" v 4 ' " .t. it would scarcely : require ; , any i ghost to deliver such a prophecy, seeing that Mr. Dow has just sent in his resignation, the acceptance of which may or may not be per manent. In the matter of travelling on the railways without a ticket, there appears to be one little circumstance that is entirely overlooked when a raid is made, and a batch of persons is placed in fear and trembling with regard to the ut most rigour of toe law. I allude to the fact that on any day on which no raid is made the department actually sanctions the travel ling without a i ticket, provided that a person is willing to pay at the end of the journey for a ticket from the furthest station from which the particular train has come. This is a case that occurs every day, and many times a day, and so that the privilege shall not b9 abused toe barrier system is adopted. If the. officials did their duty, no i person should be able to get into the station — i or out of it — without production of a ticket. ! The neglect of this duty renders it necessary for periodical raids, and the man who has for- I gotten to purchase a ticket before instead of I after the journey is regarded as a criminal for i doing what he may have done the day before with the knowledge and sanction of the Rail- ! way Department, I have through forgetful- j ness travelled fifty times upon the railways j without a prepaid ticket and have never found any objection on the -part of the officials to accept payment at the other end. I have had the good luck that on none of these occasions was a " raid " made, or I presume that I should have been summoned lor attempted fraud. A curious, insight as to" the commercial morality of publicans has been afforded by. a. case that has just been decided by the Hawthorn. Court. A publican 's wife was summoned for selling whiskejVthat was below the required ; standard. ! it was proved, and indeed admitted, toat: the whiskey sold to - toe excise inspector waaiO below proof. The magistrates, after re serving their decision for a week, dismissed the case on legal points taken by toe attorney for toe defendant. With the justice of that decision I have nothing to do : but the equitable, as against the legal, defence fe; think, a matter for comment. It was to the effect that the publican's: wife was not usually iu the bar, and sold the whiskey in mis take out bf the publican's private bottle, whioh was kept so that5 he might drink with customers without getting intoxicated. The sober inten tions of the publican are deserving of the highest, commendation : but what about toe morality of toe proceeding jji having a specially inferior article/ further, diluting a nominal nobbier of it when invited to dnnk, and then charging the unsuspecting " shouter " the full price of 8d. ? There seems no reason why a publican Bhould not make up his mind te restrict himself to, say 8oz, of whiskey per diem; but it seems hardly the right thing that he should be girflty of obtaining from his various customers certain sums of money on the midersf andmg that ; ' ; he . re quired l2oz. of the liquid fire, : If he desires to Uvoid intoxication, he could do so by refusing to drink with his well-meaning and misguidedly-hospit&ble; customers. If he accepts full price for an article that is 40 below pr<mf, deceiving toe purchaser, why should he not have a private bottle 99 beloW proof ; why should he not " have one of water without any spirit? I don't suppose that even a publican would deny that in ton .lsdjte case to receive money for noblfiere out of such a private, bottle would be neither more nor less them- obtaining money under f al6¥"pretefi<ees. It may not be actually- ; himself' be" 88 it is toe " shouter " who pays, cpresuming that he is purcharing whiskey mid not water, I must say that such a proceeding would be morally, of the claii . ; The art of advertising in such a way as to if -h 'bald- headed ad At rregaibaeii--as s being useful in . many businessee, but in none more so than in therelval'l'l |e«U3|is aatrosrirnHN hit-lumon %ie hipp/ bf Slaving 1ier valuable jewels etol 'could be worked off upon toe unsuspecting newspapers. In m young believe in the teqth of those jewel robberies. I know better now. I have grown older and wiser, even to scepticism abot other;, and teles. I j J?-111 beginning to doubt many of the "tales about the practical jokes; played by:&feiSrated; comV- dians, and have a horrible" isuspicion toat they only take place on paper. The reason is that, if one-half of the practical jokes related about 1 ISothern and Toole were anything but fiction, those clever comedians would have been com pelled to spend so-much ef their time ih the watch-house that they would never be able to attend the necessary rehearsals atrthe theatres. "When panic gets in the air, there is no - length too absurd to be out of xach. „ The Pl-emier Permanent Building Society 'fiasco may be said to have put panic in the air, and a rumour against the soundest of financial insti tutions would at toe present time End not only believers, but panic-strickeu depositors ready to tumble over each other in their baste get their money back. Bat eyen with panic iu s toe air. it seems almost incredible thatherc should be a silly run on the SavingS' Bank, an institution that is guaranteed by- Govern ment, and should presumably ; be just as safe as the colony itself. Still there was a run on several suburban branches of toe Savings' Bank on Tuesday last. It is almost . superfluous to say that the demands were all promptly met, and that those who were in the 4-r> Iva 4-Latm mama. A..t » .a LU LlTCil UlUUtiJ VUt tiiti already beginning to re-deposit-it in the same bank. This extraordinary panic, "followed by equally irrational confidence, reminds me of the story about the old German farmer who heard ' that the bank in which his sayingswero placed . bad in the dame language of to-day j 44 gone | bung." In a state of terror, old Schumacher | rushed off to the bank and demanded all his j Qjash. The cashier blandly handed over the | amount in gold, whilst the German gazed at im in wonder. 44 Vot," he gasped, vosn't der bank broke? Yos you able to pay me back my money ven I vantsit." 44 Certainly," eaid the clerk, 44 there it is." " ' 44 Yell," replied Schumacher, passing back the gold, 44 if you've got der money to give me, I don't vant it ; but if you can't give it to me, py shimmy, I must have it." There are Schumachers in Australasia as well as in America, , Believing in fair play I publish the follow ing letter, which has been sent to me : — 44 To Mr. John Peerybingle : — Dear John, — In reading one or your paragraphs of the 26ih April in The Weekly- Tiuies about the Eight-hours' Demonstration, yoq seem to be quite satisfied (after what you saw) that protection is beBfc for the colony. Now, John, I always gave you credit before for being fairly impartial, but I certainly cannot this time. Tpresuihe tbe railways have ruined your carrying trade in the country districts, for | of late you seem to have been gradually drifting i Melbourne wards , and no w finally settle d there , for | I fancy you would never have written that article ! if you had been taking your regular trips in the country. Being a farmer, John, on reading the eight-hours' procession and all its pageantry. I began to wonder how much I had been forced to contribute (most unfairly) towards it; and keeping these men so well fed, well clothed, m big wages and short hours. Now, to show you how we are robbed for these men's benefit, J will take one item— tbe plough. If allowed to import el double- furrow plough free of duty, I can land it in Melbourne , at the outside price of £12. Now I must pay our Melbourne maker £22. It - is hot the £10 I pay extra for toe plough, Johh, but oomnound interest for tbe £ 10 as long as ; the plough, lasts— say, twenty yearn— which, at , the . low interest of 5 per cent., means I have . paid toe Melbourne plough-maker £2G 10s. more than I had a right to" pay, if I was allowed to buy my plough in tbe world's market, where I am compelled to sell my goods ; and it is not to® plough alone, John, but every tool we. use on" our term is imbued to the same extent. There , is not a more oowardly, selfish lot of men any where than our Victorian manufacturers and their employes : they are cowardly in not being game to oompexe wiih anyone Outside their own little sphere (even our neighbouring colonies), and selfish, as they do not care who suffers &£ long as they get big wage® and Bhort hours. xou know at tne least sign oi any irceii impor tations of any article on toe tariff list a deputa tion is at once ordered from the Trades'-hall to . wait upon the Minister of Customs, and demand mote protection, or their trade will be ruined, and hundreds of men thrown out of employ ment. (It's always hundreds, John.) It used to ' be argued that protection cheapened to® article, but even Mr. Trenwith, the champion protectionist, in his discussion with Mr. George knew better than make that assertion at toe time. The latest we farmers have had in regard to the cheapening process, was when the extra duty of Id. per lb. was put on binder twine, we having to pay 3d. per lb. more after the Id. duty was lened, the raw material being toe same price before and after. Raising the price of twine 3d. per lb. was poor encouragement for. good farming, for if farmers were enoouraeed to cut their crops toe straw would be saved " to feed their cattle, manure Would be . made, and the soil "kept in fertility, whereas toe Legislature is driving them to the stripper again, and the straw is burnt and noes away in smoke. And I am futiy peisuaaed, John, that our- selfish, protectionists, will mod pass away, if not in smoke, in small fragment, for toey have piled the protection fire so high that they have hurst the boiler, and toe frag ments are flying about everywhere. Now, John, I have not raid a- word about free trade. There is no suoh thing in any country, but there is no part of the world where one "party is allowed to rob toe otoer to keep themselves in lurary so much so ae the colony of Yictoria-. " To makendsmeet a farmer must c&sdge; and' workromttwelve .to sixteen jmday, iri . then be robbed right and left to keep those ; stalwart sons of toilyou eak of in big wages - and Bhort houVs. "I certamly tliink, .if", you cmfidonly get a few loSqs tob-' .country again you would then sire ail Yqujid, and see things as . they are, nnd .rif .so .1 _. am qiositiva yoa ». Jroold . not . write a one-sided 'paragraph, Ime toe one I alljide to, aain and jfche iiext - monteation you see jirit stalwart Sgns of toil you see mmcmug fdmig it more tbnn prebaele tliat half of them have beenrratebhy a BmJ more 'My MWer'-tef pifte means 'if you cannot ' hve close up jEarming, ?as we are not toeleolt afaqd i \ petition— I km, Dear JolnL irnni Jmssmw. Feimhureti StoliayA w JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 