o i; Miss Mary Anderson's half-brother Frank; is squat ting in Australia. Madame Veuve Pommery, head of the house of Pommery and G-reno, Reims, died on Maioh 18. Mb. Harry Britten has succeeded Dr. Neild aB dramatic critic to the A vstralasian, . Mb. James Mirams' arrangement with his creditors for two years, has fallen through. * Mrs. Mackay, of Nelson, has applied for a patent for " exterminating rheumatics." Mb. Jules Joubert will soon he back "in Melbourne, as the New Zealand Exhibition'closes on April 19. Miss Agnes Conor jO'Brien, the clever Melbourne lady journalist, has been attacked with ltussian in fluenza.. Mb H. Maplestone, of Clunes, has been appointed manager at Ararat of the London Chartered Bank, in . 'place of Mr. Carter, who committed suicide.. Mb. F. C. Wainwriglit has been appointed secretary :to the Australian Natives1 Association, at a salary of £325 per annum. Mb. Julian Thomas, " The Vagabond,'.' intends to get a " ghost" when he is appointed by the Victorian* Government Secretary of the Charities' Commission, Mb. John Hastings has been admitted a partner of the wholesale softgo.ds firm of Bobcrb Beid and Com pany, of Melbourne and London. Mb. Charles Freeman, of Invercargill, and one of the wealthiest colonists in New Zealand, has committed suicide, because he found his income decreasing. Miss Hensley, who has been appointed principal of Trinity College Hostel, was one of the first students to enter Newnham College, near Cambridge. She has not yet arrived in Melbourne. Miss Charlotte Mills has rocovered £150 damages, for breach of promise, of marriage, from Mr. Hyman Hyams, a commercial traveller, of. Wellington, New Zealand. Messrs. Mason, Webster and Company, storekeepers, Perth, Western Australia, have filed a petition in liquidation. Liabilities, £13,381. The assets, it is stated, will not exceed £2,000. Sir William Bobinson hns been successful in getting Sir Henry Wronfordsley, Q.G., appointed successor to the Hon. A, O. Onslow as Chief Justice of Western Australia. Mb. John Northcote, of Clifton Hill, building con tractor, is being sued in the Supreme Court of Victoria by Miss Annie Graham, for alleged "breach of promise," and claims £1000 alleged damages. Mb. Arthur Wood, the Australian swimmer, loft London on January 25 for America where ho intonds to attempt shooting the Niagara Falls, wearing nothing but a pair of ordinary swimming drawers. Mb9. "Way, the wife of Dr. W. Way, of Forth Terrace, Adelaide, is still at the private hospital in Forth Adelaide, and it is feared that another operation will he necessary. . . Mb. S. Jenkins a well-known South Australian ship owner, died at his residence, Birkenhead, a few days ft„o. Mr. Jenkins, who was born-in' Plymouth, Eng land, in 1825, had spent a considerable portion of his life in Nova Scotia. Mb. Joseph Clarke, of Toorak; brother of Sir "William J. Clarke, has decided' to cut up his free estate On the Ouse, Upper Derwent, Tasmania, which is about 20,000 acres in extent, into farms of probably 5001 acres each., • Lady Hopetoun cel.ebrates^ws.t'wenty-third birfchi day next Monday, Marcl^31.Her ladyship is the' third daughter of Baron v entry, the eldest having mar ried the Marquess of Cenynghamj . and the second Captain Acland-Hood. Mb. A.Nesbitt is Mr. Plumpton's locum tenons as mu sical critic for the Age and header during Mi'. Plump ton's engagement as conductor to the Nellie Stewart Opera Company. Mr. Nesbitt is a young man,.said to have been instructed in Music at the' Melbourne University. Sib William Anderson Ogg, Sheriff of London, who is about to undertake a six months' trip to Australia, was born at: Arbroath, Now Brunswick, on July 10, 1823\. In 1851 lie married the eldest daughter of Mr. Andrew Smith, of Arbroath, New Brunswick. Mr. George Burke, head of the firm Burke, Fran cart and Company, finding that the Australian climate does not agree with him, returns to France by the Austrilian which leaves Melbourne next month. Mr. Burke will take charge of the interests of the firm at Paris. Miss Lydia MamreofE Von ; Finkelstein, the. well known: lecturess on life in Jerusalem, was married on" February 3 to Mr. Charles> Edward Mountford,- of Delhi, India, at St.^James'' Church (Delhi)r by the Rev. J. Moulston.- Those of. the^fair sex whose age is running into the shadows w(fl-pluck up heart of grace at this announcement. j & m^n: ^ A BEAUTlFUIiiiY illuminated .address was presented at the Cathedral Hotel, Melbourne,. on Saturday evening last, to Mr. J. R. "Topliss, late secretary of the Victorian Reporters' Association, who is leaving for Sydney. There was a large gathering'of reporters, And the presentation was made on behalf of the associa; tion by the president, Mr. J. Tipping, who referred in eulogistic terms to the services rendered to tho institu tion by Mr. Topliss during his term of office. Mr. Fricker, of the Argus staff proposed Mr. Topliss' health. The toast was enthusiastically honoured and suitably replied to. A very pleasant evening was spent, several of those present contributing songs and recitations., Tho association, which numbers, we are informed, 100 members, is making very rapid strides. A branch has already been formed in . Sandhurst, another in Launceston, still another in Hobart, and on Saturday a meeting was held in Ballarat to form a branch there. The association has now determined to have offices in Melbourno, as headquarters have become necessary. Mr. Topliss leaves the Herald for the Sydney Daily Telegraph, and his position as secretary, to the association has been filled by the election of Mr. H. 0. Rhys-Jones, of tho Herald. 