1 iflovelist.' MOIRA. CHAFTER_XXII. (donthuud.) Mr. Bingham was as honorable a man as you'd drop across during the proverbial day's SmIT ifim -did n°t consider-that - he 'ofXhonor,. when having 'WmfwrtaWyniinTed- hb3** withdrew" to his snuggery, and, removing the wrapper, opened the parcel and set to work to read the contents of the papers. That these content.-? were most interesting may be gathered from the circumstancc. that it-.waa long past, midnight ere he laid down the. last of the papers. j. -.'Vy'.;V-S'; "Well," ho snid^: ^tliis^.snrjiastgds belief. That Damford hadtliccn „ n* j^conVid/ ' I wan assured; but that Ardep, tlie/fathcr of the young fellow I have learncito" love almost as a son, should have been; one also, seems incredible. Yet hero we have proof—proof that these are the meii '*»^vhose imir aculous cscape -from - Mi^cquaric Harbor was the talk of the i^larrtT when I was statioaed there with my regiment. Now what is to be done. These papers, it is evident, were never intended by that un lucky rascal to meet official eye. The fellow never counted upon his sudden removarfrom , >bf! plot and mischitf.' I-< shall keep these documents, for the present at any rate, for^thongh I should j,have no com punction^a running Damford, I would not harm that tine young fellow for a million. Great Heaven, upon what a volcano do some of ue rest unconsciously !" Meanwhile, as though fate were relentless in her persecution of the unhappy Damford, Mr. Bingham- was placed in possession of other and still more startling information. The woman who acted as his housekeeper, and whom I have referred to as of singular appearance, in dark and swarthy, with masses of white hair and keen black eves, one morning came to him. "Sir," she said, *'I am aware that you were interested in that strange death the other day of a Mr. Trill." "Only so far, Martha," interrupted Mr. Biagham, " that I thought it rather curious— the boy should have been so affected by smoking the butt of a cigar the man threw away. f* That is so,1* said the woman with a ghost of a smile upoH her face. "And I/was" also enrious on that point. I happej to have seen some strange things in my life, air, and I am convinced that the cigar was poisoned.1 Sir," she went on^' heie is a cigarj which, if you smoked, wo^ild^send^you ^enco'cre morning broke." J,'.' t 1 ? ' ^ ' Bingban shrank badc?^r ''.5 '-| . j'Good^Goa,?;^6m^^.hc^easiwl,- •' wtat tU> you mean ?" • "'* ■ • ' " Simply this, that 1 know a woman liero in 5Ielfeonrne,wlio makes those cigars. She is a Malay. I .met her one day in the J itzroy Gardens. Seeing my dark skin and foreign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad when she learned I spoke. Spanish, >nd that I was indeed a native of Spain. She asked mc to visit her—she lives at Carlton. Often, when I have leisure, I go lo see her. IVe have become intimate. Sir, when I heard of that .'strange affair, I felt convinced this woman—this Parquita—had a hand in it. I resolved to ascertain, if possible, if my suspicions wore correct." "And the result ?" cried Bingham ex citedly. "Is here, 'and she placed the cigar on the table. "I went to Parquita and told her I had an enemy whom I wished removed. She asked if this enemy were man or woman. I told her it was a man—my master. ' Does he smoke ?' said she. ' He is always smoking,' X answered. She went to a cupboard and brought forth a small box. From this she took this cigar." "Let him smoke this, my friend,'* she said, "and he will smoke no more, eh?" Uasked if she''Was'sure, and if there jras!no danger of discovery^ " None," 'hevsj»i£ v"Stestri. 'luiet. . Why, I have. oblige3""nfany. JTot long ago I enabled a rich gentleman here to remove an enemy. It was fanny, in the newspapers to read— Diablo! I cannot read myself—the curious things that were said. Then she laughed, and said that a boy had picked up a piece of the cigar and that it nearly removed: h un also. Sir, is this not wonderful news ?" " Tou will not breathe a whisper of this matter, woman," said Bingham, " to any body." w Not a word, sir. It was because X knew you wished to know that I have sought to ascertain for yon. Master, you have been good to the poor convict woman, and she would lay down her life lo save you." " I believe you, Jtartha," answered Biug liam gently, "and thank you. What did yon pay for this, woman ?" " She would not take pay. She -aid she was rich—that the gentleman she spoke of had long allowed her a liberal pension. Master, it is very strange—but my part is done. I am content if I have plsased you "I thank you," was the answer. "And uow please leave me alone. Remember, silence." The woman left the room. Bingham sal gazing at the cigar forSnlly leu minutes. It was dwk^IprtS^i^ayanaTiShaped cigar, loolungfvery^mpting tb^smoker. ' It fascinated, him. Tie could scarce refrain from testing its excellence, and turned it over in his lingers with grim curiosity. " To think that this harmless looking cigar is possessed of such devilish quality," he muttered. "And what recklessness of the woman to give it to Martha ! There it but ouc conclusion—she docs not fear analysis. But we shall tee what M'Adam has to say about it. And if it be as I believe, then my duty is clear. IfedArden .shall never marry the daughter of an assassin." 