GTHSjEBAIr NEWS: Tfae lately arrived Harvey Variety Troupe will begin a short season here in tbe Town Hall next Friday evening, -with a refined and -entertaining programme of mirth, melody, minstrelsy, and mimicry. Judging from; the press notices of the troupetfs per formances duringlan extended tour their en terbunents are of a very superior descrip tion. No fewer than four half-hour's contest . will take place at tbe Palace Elite Skating TKnfc this evening, including walking, go as-you-please, skating, and rinkiug matches — the prize in each event being a silver medal. We understand that a large num .. ber of entries hare been received, so that a thoroughly enjoyable evening's amusement \- may be depended upon. ' In an ^mnni-ip account of daQy life at Stockholm, a clever writer in Temple Bar says that the telegraph has been almost ' ' superseded there by the telephone ; bnt the cenvenience is not without its social draw daeks.;— Wonderfully convenient as it an doubtedly is, the invention is not without '- its dangers and its drawbacks. Terrible \- tilings have occurred from its careless use by persons insufficiently versed in its ways and workings. To give an example. A lady a short time ago received an invitation . - by telephone to dine in the country. Torn . ing away from the instrument, she asked her husband what earthly excuse she could j ? -send this time. Through tie telephone with awful distinctness came back the ans wer* ' If you donit want to come, you needn't send any excuse at alL' Alas ! she ' had been unaware that' asides' not spoken directly into the instrument were ; often audible at the other end. r» .- . .. '* - '* ^ ''** ' A notice in our advertising column noti '*- flea the 'arrival ef the monument which the many admirers of the late Mr. Anthony ?? Horderh purpose raising to his memory at ' Albany, in remembrance of what that gentleman performed in the interests of this colony. In the course of a few days \- thfe obelisk will be erected, and we have been requested to state that those who ' may be desirous of subscribing towards its ? ? cost have now an. opportunity of doing so, by forwarding their subscriptions to Mr. 3D. H. Inn.es, of Albany, the Hon. Sec. and \- ? Treasurer of the Hordern Memorial Fund. From a private letter we have received '-from1 that gentleman, we learn that efforts -are beingmade with a view to prevailing upon the Government to pass the monument ^freeofdut^y. through the Customs — a con ' cession which we feel sure will be granted :~ immediately the request reaches the proper quarter. - - ? :' Two important events in the Church calendar, the Festivals of St. George and St. Hark the evangelist, are commemora t ed this week — the former to-day (April 23) and the latter on Friday (April 25)' St» George ? is patronsaint of Eagland, as S£.lP&jiiek.;:St. David, and St. Andrew, res pectively, are of Ireland, Wales, and Scot land. He is said to have been born in Cap- ? padocja, and was bred a soldier by profes- : eion. Having presumed to complain to the Emperor Dioclesian of his cruelties to the -Qhristiana, he was, in consequence, thrown ' Tnto prison, and afterwards beheaded, in the year 303. - The - gospel of St. Mark . was written in the year 63. The -Very old Order at Knights at Venice ta k ?ing hiB name was instituted in the year :f37. The custom df sitting and watching :in the ohureh-porch on the eve of St. Mark, Ito see the ghosts of those who should die &H; tie following year, was kept up in some -modern countries until very lately. \--Our correspondent at Cossack wired ' yesterday i-J-The s-s. Australind sails for '-TJferby this evening; the following pas -«engers' - leaving by her for Koebuck Bay : l±; i. Coventry, J. Bees, and Cheke. The lacehorseB Orella and Cyclops, which arriv ed here by the Australind, were landed in .good condition and have eince gone to lioe -bourne. We have had good rains lately. About £ inches fell. The Harding river at ^Roebourne is running a banker. I hear xains have 'been pretty general throughout HielctistricLCrU8hiiig^.t the Lady Carrington ^nffMartans' reef at Mallinaisnow infull %wiag, working shifts day and night. No latefiews from Nullagine or Pilbarra,and no late reliable news from the Ashburton. The health of the district is good. *?'??'? ???????' ? ? - f-.-. ?? ? . ,t A correspondent at. the Port writes: — The .Fremantle Volunteer dispute with Major Pilkington seems to hare completely collapsed ; ' those who appear from the re port in your morning contemporary to have caused the storm in the tea-cup having withdrawn their resignations ' and sent in apologies couched in the usual terms of regret for their hasty and unsoldier-like proceedings. It is now generally admitted that the course pursued by a portion of the j?;R.Y, corps was very foolish and illadvis ed, attbougb it was in every way character jstic*f the movement in this colony, in the game . of playing la mUitaire, especially on the part of those who have proved them selye&.8o;capable of taking up a position they could not main tain, which would!, be €he case similarly in action as it has proved to be in argument. Evidently the motto of our Port men is, 'fietreat and— Eun.' . A decision was given, on. the 30th ultimo* by the Sapience Court of Victoria, as to the ^yonnjTig ^f the term ' respectable' in the conduct of a hotel. In September of 1885 one John Weir, the owner of the Farmers' Arms Hotel at Eoroa, (granted to Arthur Sheppard a lease of tne hotel for three yean, at a' rental ef £130 per annum, with the right of renewal of the lease for another three years at the same rent. There was a - condition, however, that the renewal was j ofaly to be given provided that Sheppard , conducted the business in a ' respectable , and business-like manner' and that Weir \ was satisfied with him as a tenant. When ^ the lease expired Weir refused to rene-v it, | and brought an action to recover possession j of the.prppertyfroin Sheppird. He alleged c that he was not satisfied with Sheppard as \ a tenant, that he had not. conducted the ( hotel in a respectable and business-like . manner. ' SEeppard made a counter-claim, against Weir to compel him te grant a re newal of tbe lease. The action was heard before the late. Mr; Jus1 ice Kerf erd in Sep- ^ tember last, when he decided in favour of » the defendant. The plaintiff appealed. ^ Tbe appeal was beard bef .ire tbe Chief Jus- g tice.Mx. Justice Williams; and Mr. Justiee. A'Beckettoathe 1st December last. The , prfa/.ipig niuMftami in dispute was, as to ^ whether Sheppard had conducted, the hotel c in. a f respectable manner.' On the other j points the Full Court was unanimously of a tha same opinion as the Mr. Justice Ker- r ford, that the plaintiffs, objections to the ^ ^flfj»n.iaTif-. were not .bona fide/ and that j tfi' defendant' ' had conducted the ' ? hotel in a -business-like manner. , As tof the ' respectability,' however, * tbVFuli Ccurt differed. It appeared that Sheppard had been fined £5 for allowing f gAmbKng In his licensed premises, and a that h« bad frequently sold liquor on Sun- t day, though he was: not prosecuted for it. ^ The . Chief Justice wbb. of opinion that on rj thli.evidence the defendant had not con- j ducted the hotel in a 'respectable' man- € ner. He said that a good reputation was j onjy. fnmafmeU , eridence of the qualities g that deserve respect. . It might exist in the j ansence pf every, such qoaliiy, owing either to ' public ignorance be to a depraved etato of .pab'lic »pinion.' It was an abuse ? of 'terms to apply it to the condnctofa * business which deserved the disapproval of ' everyone who respected the law, and which ' enjoyed a good reputation because its real * chaxfcder has not been found out, or with \ persons who, as violators of the law, were \ themselves unworthy of respect. Mr. Jus- 1 tice Williams was of opinion that there was J evidence that the defendant had conducted ' bis house in a ' respectabh? manner ' — that was to say in such a tranneras not to J injure its good name or its business connec- I ties. He agreed with Mr. Justice Kerf erd * that the word 'respectable' did not ' necessarily include the term ' legal,' or an ] observance of- all tiie provisions of the * Licensing Statute. Mr. Justice a' Beckett, * -wUo bad written his judgment before bis £ departnre for England in December last, J agreedwitb Tttn Justice Williams. Theap- E peal was therefore dismissed, and the decision in favour of the defendant Shep- i paxd was confirmed. I - I — Advices receiTed-rrom-IjoirfogHby yester I day's mail state that it was freely rumour ed that Sir Frederick Bro?m would succeed Sir Cecil Smith as the Governor of the Straits Settlements. The three-masted schooner Bittern, (Captain Hayes) leaves Fremantle to-day, in ballast, for the Sandalwood Island, for tbe purpose pf loading Timor ponies for Batavia. Yesterday morning the. diver (one of thejwater police crew) went down and replaced a sheet of copper which bad been taken off by the anchor. We are requested to direct the attention of our readers to an advertisement in oar auction columns, in which Messrs. Fatten and Collett notary the sale, at their Mart, to-morrow, at 10 o'clock, of potatoes, onions, and a variety cf merchandise and furniture. The following persons have booked pas sage from London to Albany by mail pack ets:— Ber Victoria (due to-morrow), 3Ir. W. Stephens and Mr. J . H. Taylor ; per Valetta, due May 11, Sir Henry Wrenfordsley and Mrs. Stephens and child ; per Oroya, due May 18, Mrs. Bailye and tbe Misses Bailye, Messrs. H. Twitchin and L. W. Tamer ; per P. & O. steamer leaving May 2, Mr. and Mrs. Skinner and Mrs. Willis and child. Mr. W. F. Cheesewright arrived at Plymouth per BaUaarat from Albany March 23. The following advertisement appears in the London. Times cf March 1 : ' Wkstkbk Australia. — Syndicate to acquire unique Concession connected with Land, Bailway and Mining Bights forming to provide Gov ernment deposit (nonforfeitable ejtrning)de posit and expenses. Full particulars and interviews to principals (only) prepared to invest. Influential director entertained. Colleagues of rank write Concessionaire, May's, 162, Piccadilly.' Which is the ' Concession' which is thus being hawked about in the London papers ? Sain is officially reported as having fallen during the 24 hours preceding 9 a.m. to day, in the undermentioned quantities at the following:phvces : — At Albany -05, and at Bremer Bay -06 hundredth points of an inch were registered. Yesterday the weather was — Cloudy at Condon, Fortescne, Gingin, Nbrtham, Guildford, Mandurah, Albany and Israelite Bay ; fine, but cloudy, at itoebourne, Cessack, Geraldton, Don garra, Greenougb, Carnamah, New Norcia, Bannister, Arthur and Eyre; light clouds at Bunbury ; foggy at Mount Barker ; threatening at York 'and Esperance Say ; light rains at Newcastle; thunderstorm at Biemer Bay ; but either clear or fine at all the other W. A. observing stations. The highest shade readings of the thermometer taken yesterday were — At Derby 98, Cos sack 91, Carnarvon 84, York 80, Perth 79, Geraldton and Bunbury 76, Esperance Bay 74, and at Albany 67 degrees. At the adjourned quarterly meeting of ' the members of the S. B. Mechanics' In stitute, held last evening, Mr. E. K. Cour thope was unanimously elected ' President of the Institute, vice Mr. J. C. H. James, resigned. Mails will close at the General Post Office to-morrow as follows : — For Bunbury and Vasoe^ — for transmission by the s.sT Bob Eoy— at7ajn. For the United Kingdom, India. China, Canada, United States of America, and Continent of Europe — for .de spatch by train to Albany, and thence by P. & O. steamer— at 11*30 a.m. The annual picnic oi the children attend ing the Perth Catholic day schools was held to day. At eight o'clock this morning the children, accompained by several of tbe Sisters and their teachers, proceeded From the Cathedral in procession to the Central railway station, whence they were conveyed by train to Subiaco, where the picnic was held. Favoured with reelly fine weather, the little ones most thoroughly enjoyed their day's outing. A substantial and appetising dinner and tea were pro rided on the ground, and during the day various games were actively carried on al most without intermission. Last evening a special meeting of the Perth City Council was held, at the request Df the Perth Local Board of Health, for the purpose of discussing an application made by the Local Health Board for the City Council to grant the Board two acres of Victoria Park for use as a sewage farm. After a prolonged discussion the applica tion was all bnt unanimously refused. A report of the meeting appears in another column. The usual f ertnightly silting of the Perth Local Court will be held at eleven o'clock to morrow morning. A cablegram from London received in Perth on Monday announced the death, at Southsea, of the wife of Admiral Hallowes. The deceased lady was the eldest daughter of the late Mr. G. E. C. Hare, the Govern ment Resident at Albany, with whom and bhe late Mrs. George Phillips . (a younger sister) she came from England to this Bolony on his first appointment to the Pub lic Service of this colony — about 26 years igo. On 'Change this morning Centrals were wanted at 21s., with buyers at 17s. 6d. For {Teasers 6Jd. was offered, with sellers at Is. 9d. A thousand Two Brothers were of fered at 3d., without any sale. The other stocks were not noticed. Mrs. Bagnall and family left Albany by brain te-day for Perth. At the Fremantle Police Court this morning, before Messrs. J. Lilly and S. Sibbons, J's P., Henry Fuller, Andrew Vincent, William Fuller, and Frederick Doust, boys, were charged with bathing in a public place at 11:30 in the morning, and ordered to pay costs — 1s. 8d. each, J. Smith was charged with removing a punt, the property of Mr. John Bateman, at Bull's Creek. A boatman named Antonio Fossiloe deposed to seeing the boat in question in the possession of the accused. Uitimately the charge was withdrawn, the complainant undertaking to pay all costs. 