An Ocean Tragedy, r. W. CLARKt RUSSELL. i CHAPTER IX. A SQUAI1. Anntanu A'innl' caculatitofns showed ; ty W~ell Up1n the thart, is will not be ispp'io~Ad I ouild ilnmd anything in them tIpot Which to ground that hope of fall ing it with the 67Tark which had become a betiction with Wilfrid. The look-out Inan at our masthead might perhaps, on a clear day, compass a range of somen twenty miles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas hovering oVer a hull a league of two Plst the slope of watots ; but What Was view? of this kind to sighify in go 3ast an ocean as we had entered? As I have elsewhere said, the differenc of~ a quarter of a point would in few hours, supposing a good breeze of wind to be blowinge ;oarr the Bride wide of the 'wake -of the Shark and put the two .Sachts out of sight fair abreast of one another. Finn understood this as well as I; bitt when I fell into a talk with hint llt the subject that evening-I math the evening of the day on which di had spoken the awosuerr-he told me very honestly that .the ddis iidoed were heavy against our hlea?i? the Shark intoview, though he was quite sure of outeailing her if the course Was to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; but that as there wcas a chance of out picking her up, whether by luck, if I chose to think It so, or by his hitting with accuiey upol the lice of direction that Fitdler Would take, he had made up his inind to regard the thing as going to trhb l , ? r his own ease of mind as well s it keep my cousin's expectations lively and trusting. "A man can but do his best, sir," he to said me. "ir Wilfrid needs a deal of h'tnouring yu can see that, sir. I kno Fr along, when he first came and told tue what had happened and gave me thy orders, that the jobof keeping himpact fled would have to go hand in hhd with the business of sailing the Bride and lighting upon the Stt, if so be she's discoverable. hly notion is that if you're celled upon so to act as to fit an employer's taste and keep his views and I wishes gratified, though by no more than maintaining expectation in him, the best thing i to tarn to and try to think as fur n enU can the same way as he do. I don't mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I 1 allow the whole of this here voyage to be as wague as waguenses can well be ; there fore why worrit over parts of it? Suppose we overhaul the Shar--then it'll be all I right; suppose We dot't-then it won't be for the want of trying." This was the substance of Finn's opinion hs he imparted it to me that night. His tihcerity touched me; besides, I saw I worry enough in the poor fellow to make 1 me sorry for him. Indeed, I resolved t from that hour to back him up, heartily agreeing with him that the adventure 4 Was quite too vague to justify anxiety in I in respect of any one detail of the pro gramme. The weather was quiet when I went to t bed that night. I Icame below from my I long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy ?neart of moon over our mastheads and I 1 dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with here and there I a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still ht the dusk as though what wind there was blew low upon the waters. The wide sea t came to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, like folds of gloom rolling with a sort of palpitation in them to the eye; the foam glanced in places, but there was little weight in the wind, and the pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up right through the dark atmosphere, with a sound of the sob of water coming off Iow weather bow and the dead plash of the hidden billow falling without life from her quarter, in a way that made one think there were fellows emptying buckets over the side abreast of the wheeL - Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to bed. I sat an hour with Miss Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us; but we soon forgot to play in talking. We had been but a few days together, yet I had already made the discovery that I wonderfully enjoyed her company and that I immensely relished a quality of arch naivet4 in her conversa tion which owed something of its effect to the contrast between a sort of co quettish sagacity in many things she said and the nun-like artlessness and virginal sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle girlish regard of her charming eyes. I also observed in myself that the more I saw of her the more her beauty gained upon me. I never remember meeting a woman's face that I would sooner have taken as a frank expression of mind ; there was a softness and a delicacy of feature that one instinctively accepted as an illus tration of habitual refinement and purity of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her posi tion was of great delicacy, and could not have failed to painfully distress one of your self-conscious women. Our adven ture, every reference to it, every mention of the Shark, every expression in Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was, as itwere, a rude withdrawal of the veil from before her sister's frailty. There was no other lady on board to help her to bear, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, and yet she nevermade it appear as though there was pain and shame to her in the subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be re Scovered, her resentment against the man who had betrayed and dishonoured his friend. I may fail to convey what I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her share in this strange adventure, but I am certain that nobody but a person of exquisite instincts could have acted, as she did, the Sidelicate and exacting part allotted her by :my cousin. The weather was still very quiet when :I bade her good night. I went to my :icabin, and do not suppose I was ten minutes in my bed before I fell asleep. I awoke to a sound of a great roaring all a, bout, accompanied by the cries of men on deck, the sharp flinging down of coils :of rope and the thunder of shaking ::canvas trembling in every fibre of the hull. My bunkwas an athwart-ship one, Sand I had tuined-in, to employ the .. proper sea parlance, with my head to \- windward; but now the yacht was lying :over on t'other side, and I awoke to find :myheels inthe air and the weight of my i body upon my neck; but the angle of the : craft was so sharp that it was not without a prodi~ious amount of heaving and flounderng I managed to get my legs over and to sit upright. SA squall! thought I, feeling for my pilldw, which I placed in the pbort end of my bedstel and once aain lay ddwn. A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced through the port-hole as though a gun c had been fired into my cabir, and the interior glanced out into a noon-tide efful gence for one breathless instant, inwhich, however I tmanaged to catch sight of the angle formed by a coat with a stanchion, upon which it hung by a peg. Upon my word, it was as though the yacht was upon her beam ends - such a heel as was not to be realised by one lying in a bunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then came the darkness like a sea of ink, roll ing to the sight iii ?hieh the teflection of the flash still writhed, followed by a incghty shock of thunder that died away !n a hundred rattling peals as though 'twas high mountainous land all around e the horizon, honeycombed with caverns, and every peak as resonant as a hollow dome. A sharp squall! thought I, but there c was too much noise for sleep. It was all n hands on deck I was pretty sure by the numerous scamperings over my head; e the harsh voices of the sailors bq at the ropes wouldlie saept intof it by the rush of the wind, ani-now and t again a heavy lumpish sound that put i i quiver into every plank, followed by u a snarling noise like the hissing of half-a- , dozen locomotives blowing off steam,; was warrant enough, to ears not unused to such sounds, that the Bride was taking large doses of water in pretty freely her ral. . I lay quiet, ai *ss sethd F'sea ensible that the yacht was of the wind; the righting of her was iio small comfort; she was manifestly going through it like i a comet. The sea was now well aft, and the suggestion of swiftness I found in the mere feel of the hull, somehow or other, I black as my cabin was and the blacker as a it remained for the flash of lightning, was accentuated by the thunderous rush o of each surge outstripping us in the race g and hurling its black length along the V vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and I crackling of the smother of spume that a was raised by the vessel's headlong flight I and that went raging and racing astern a on top of the swelling ebony fold that t swept forwards from the opposite direc- a tion. 1 Htimph! thought I, if this is a case of t "up keeleg" with friend Finn, he'll have 1 to enter into something shrewder and surer than dead reckoning to find his way back again into the Shark's wake. I had a a mind to see what was happening, and, g after a spell of troublesome groping and a clawing, during which I had like to have I broke my nose by striking it against the c edge of a chest of drawers built into a I corner, I succeeded in lighting my lamp, and was presently snug in a pea-coat and 1 a sou'-wester which I had been wise 0 enough to include in the slender sea a outfit I had purchased for this voyage. a The cabin light was always kept burning r throughout the night, dimmed by one of h the stewards, after we had retired to our e berths, but with plenty of flame left to e see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man r on his knees on the cabin floor in a pos- t ture of prayer and apparently in an agony of fright. Nothing was to be heard of s him until I had approached close, for the roaring of the wind and the washing and foaming of seas drowned all other b noises; but on stooping to make sure of o the fellow, whose hands were clasped u over his eyes, whilst he held his face up turned as he swayed upon his knees, I could hear him praying with all his might, I with an energy, indeed, that might of itself have accounted for the drops of I perspiration that glistened upon his brow, if it wasn't that his attitude of terror I explained the secret of that moisture. 1 It was Muffin. There was something so c shameful in the fellow's cowardice that all in an instant I lost my temper and gave him a kick which flung himn at his length, face down, upon the deck. He set up a horrible howl. "Oh Lord I oh mercy! we're gone! we're gone ! Oh, if I was only on dry ground-" Here I seized him by the collar. "Get up, you fool," I cried. "Do you know where you are, you idiot? Cease ! If you alarm Miss Jennings-" and I hauled him on to his legs, shaking him heartily as I did so. "Oh, Mr. Monson," he whined, "is it you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and gone, sir ! Oh, this is 'orrible, though ! orrible ! Never no more; never no more forme!" " Be off to your berth at once," cried I angrily, though my temper died out of me at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, terrified face, rendered ugly enough to challenge the skill of a Cruikshank by the maimer in which, during his devotions, he had streaked his forehead.and nose and his cheeks past his eyes with his plaister like lengths of coal-black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasped him by the shoulder and ran him towards his berth that lay some little distance forward of mine on the starboard side, and when he had shut himself in I mqde my way on deck, with a peep aft, as I went up the steps, where all seemed quiet. The night was still very dark but of a clearer dusk. The moon made a red streak low in the west amongst some ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a short flight of steps, every one edged with blood, to the sea-line, where the muddy crimson drained out, just showing the lurid staining of it now and again when some surge beneath reared an unbroken head to the lustre. The night was made to look amazingly wilder than it was in reality by that western setting jumble of ugly lustre and torn vapour like a flock of giant bats heading from the moon for some ocean solitude of deeper blackness. To wind ward there was a great lake of indigo-blue in the sky, in which a numberof trembling stars were floating, and vast white puffs of cloud crossing it with the swiftness of scud in a gale ; but to leeward it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of another in blocks of blackness such as a poet might dream of in picturing the hellish walls and battlements of a be leaguered city of demons; and upon this mass of darkness that looked as substantial r as stone to the eye there was a plentiful play and crackle of violet lightning ; but Sno thunder, at least none that I could hear. It was blowing fresh, but the wind Shad taken off considerably within the last ten minutes; the Bride was close hauled; there was a strong sea on the bow and she was plunging smartly with at frequent Sintervals a brisk squall of spray over her head that rattled upon the deck like a fall of hail in a thunderstorm; a dark gleam would break firsthere andthen there from her deck to her rolling, but the water was draining off fast, flashing in a loud hissing through the scupper holes at every lee I send, but with weight enough yet remain ing in each rush of it to enable me to Sgather that it must have been pretty Snearly waist-high between the bulwarks I with the first shipping of the seas and the Sfirst downrush of the fierce squall. They had snugged the Bride to very asmall canvas; theplay of the white waters round her threw out her shape clear as Sblack lpaint on canvas; at moments she dived till you would think the tall black a coil arching at hbet past the creaming glare f crushed out of the sea by the smiting of e her forefoot must leap right aboard her; b but her staunch and buoyant bow, the r truest piece of ocean moulding I ever saw a in a ship, would regularly swing with a i leap to the peak of the billow, shattering c it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be u followed by an echo of derisive laughter e in the yelling ring of the wind splitting upon the rigging of sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the diminished spaces of g Wah and spectral canvas. F I took all this in as I stood a minute in i the companiobhatch; then perceiving the a figure of a inia to windward almost n abreast of me, I crossed to him. It was a Finn. "Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," u said he, after peering at me to make sure i1 of my identity, "it found us with tops'l p and t gallants'l set and took us slap aback. a It was the most onexpected thing that c ever happened to me; as onnatural as t that there moon. Talk ofkeeping a look ,Ar-iuit -- .p . that way with t the~int d sloant off t'other a sidend~is nothing and heard nothing b untilIfel a." I 'oud to run?" / "A ut not for l sir." a "' w's her head bow5 Captain Finn I" a Hf"er proper course, Mr. Monson." o "Well, the weather is brightening. h You'll be making sail again on your ship, y I suppose, presently " p "Ay, but let that muck blow away t1 first," he answered, pointing with a o shadowy aim into the mass of obscurity b where the lightning still winked fitfully. f< " After such a blow-me-aback job as this n I ain't going to trust the weather till I can n see more of it." I lingered a little, watching the slow 1 opening of the sky to windward, and the a gradual unfolding of the stars down the d velvet declivity, that looked as though e purified by the cleansing of the black wet e atuall, and then bidding good- night to n Finn, who seemed a bit subdued by the n wildly disconcerting attack of the weather, a that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about h as uncomfortable a snub in its way as could o be administered, I went below, intending in to walk straight to my berth and go to d bed again. On entering the cabin, how- fi ever, I found the lamp turned up, and ti Wilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides n and with an agitation of manner that was fi grotesquely deepened by the occasional h stagger of his gait by the plunging of the b yacht and the hurried lift of his arm to C clutch the nearest thing at hand for sup- h port. I concluded that he had been aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought it strange he had not stepped on deck to see how things were. On seeing me he put his hand on the back of a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned o his cheek upon his hand in a posture of ti extreme moodiness, whilst he kept his e eyes bent downwards. b I took a seat opposite him, after a glance t1 round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I b thought, might also be up. p " The noise above disturbed you, I it suppose, Wilfrid?" said I. e "I have not slept," he answered. fi "Not since half-past nine You went h to bed then, you know, and it's now two a o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial I under the skylight. li "I have not slept," he repeated. o "I wonder that the squall did not bring a you on deck." y " For what purpose?" he exclaimed li gloomily. "I could hear Finn's voice; I d could follow what the men were doing. it If every squall we are likely to meet is to t bring me from my bed, I may as well a order a hammock to be slung for me on deck." c "What is the matter, Wilfridl" said I, c earnestly and soothingly. "Something, c I fear, has happened to vex and bother t you."' He passed his hand over his eyes, and t looking down said, "I have had a warning." "A what?" I exclaimed. t "A warning," he answered, fetching a 1 deep sigh and making as if to rise, retain ing, however, his posture of profound I melancholy, whilst he sent a slow, wander- . ing look around, finally fastening his eyes upon me. 1 "From whom came this warning, Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin? E Egad, you'll be getting a warning from i him soon, I reckon. I found the chap on his knees just now, sweating with fear i and praying like clockwork. I gave him I a kick, and I wonder the howl that he I raised did not bring you running out of 1 your cabin." I jabbered this off in a reckless, laughing way, though I watched him narrowly, too, all the time I was Nothing shall hinder me, Chailes," he i exclaimed, closing his right fist and letting i it lie in a menacing way upon the table. "I have made up my mind to tear the i creature who still remains n)y wife from the side of the man she has left me for; and before God"-he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand-"my vow is this: that I will hunt them from port to port, through ocean after ocean, until I meet with them IWhen that shall be I know not; but this I do know-that my time will come and I can wait. But I must be on the move. Nothing could render life tolerable to me now but the sense of action, the animation and hope of pursuit." "But the warning--l " said L "Oh, to be vexed by ghostly exhorta Stions-it is enough to craze one I he Sexclaimed. "Heaven knows, resolution Sgrows weak enough in me as it is to any thought of my little one that visits me. Oh no," he cried, with a sarcastic shake of the head and a singular smile, "do not believe that thoughts of my baby girl Swould cause me to falter even for one breathless instant on this course that I have made up my mind to pursue. But Sto think of the helpless lamb as alone-" S"My dear fellow," I interrupted, "the \- child could not possibly be in tenderer Shands." S"I know, I know," he cried, with a sob 1 in his voice, "but she is motherless, SCharles; and then how precarious is life I at that age ! I may never see her again!" I He broke down at this and hid his face. S"Come, come," said I, "your nerves ; have been strained by the incident of this a afternoon, or, I should say, of yesterday afternoon- unduly, though intelligibly, rexcited by Puncheon's report of hlving 1 passed the Shark. Endeavour to getsomo a rest, old fellow. These warnings, these visions, mysterious voices sounding out of Sheaven knows where, midnight shapes as Sthin as mooushine-Wilfrid, depend upon it, they all emanate from a disordered \- condition of that part of the body which a the Chinese have most wisely selected as y the true seat of the soul. I mean here," a said I, patting my waistcoat. S He regarded me somewhat vacantly and sat awhile in silence, sighed tremulously, ' and stepped to the foot of the companion a ladder, where he stood staring up into the Srch of black naight that. filled the com a pbnion entiai'e. Pree ntly Finn?iunbled out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stars upon the gleaming I ebony of the cabin windows with every heave of the yacht; the sea was mode rating, and the loud humming of the wind aloft gradually fining into a dull complain- c ing noise. Ropes were thrown down overhead; voices began to sing out. I d uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned and t exclaimed, "Don't let me keep you up, v Charles." "It's all right," said I, "but why not ' go to bed, too ? Or first describe this s warning that you have had; express the nature of it. Perhaps, like the proverbial v onlooker who sees most of the ganme, I r might be able to help you with some re- a assuring suggestion. t But he merely shook his head; and p now, feeling quite intolerably sleepy, and b in no mood, therefore, as you will sup- li pose, to reason with a mind so oppressed as his with superstitious melancholy, I i called a cheery good-night to him, went y to my cabin, and was soon fast asleep. v I wits awakened by the brilliant daylight that filled my berth, and at once rose and v sung out to the steward to prepare me a li bath. All the time I bathed and dressed p I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he a called his "warning." I supposed it was b some voice that he had heard, and he had made it plain that it had referred, amongst other things maybe, to his little infant. b Now, though of course I had known for a years that he was " touched," as the ex-" pression goes, I had never understood v that his craziness had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions in d his waking hours; and I was, therefore, h forced to believe that his mind was far s more unhinged at present than his fi manners and speech, peculiar as they un- a questionably were at tunes, had indicated. a Well, thought I, assuredly if he gets iv worse, if the symptoms should grow more p defined, this chase will have to come to an b end. I, for one, should most certainly f call a halt. Why, what could be fuller of a madness than his vow last night before g me-to go on sailing from port to port, a and traversing ocean after ocean, until he ii has captured her ladyship ; as if a pursuit. " on such lines as these were going to end in anything better than driving-all hands 1 daft and converting the Bride into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is h true, I have found method enough to keep u my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor Wil- p frid is going to become very much worse, hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hair- t' brushes with very agitated hands, if 1 Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the a handiest port and set me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. I GO ALOFT. IT was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one t of the fairest I remember ; the wind, a t tender fanning from the west, warm T enough to make one fancy an odour and d balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as h those parallels yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour, an interweaving, as it were, of many-shaped links of silken a cloud shot with silver and amber and gold s from the early sun. I never beheld a lovelier dome of sky so tender in glory n and rich in delicate perfections of tints. a The sea spread in a firm dark line to it 1 like a blue floor under some mighty roof r of marble ; the sun's wake came in a misty r stream of light to the port bends of the d yacht, where it was flashed by the mirror- v like wet blackness of the glossy side back deep into the brimming azure of thebrine a in a great puff of radiance that made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam ascending from the depths. Everything was brilliant and clean and f cheerful, the decks of the white softness < of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemish- I coiled or festooned as by an artist's hand a upon the pins; forward stood the long t cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail E that gave an odd significance to the saucy I knowing "spring," as it is called, of the i yacht that way. The cocks and-hens in the coops were straining their throats and blending with their cheerful voices was a l noise of pigs; there was black smoke pouring away from the galley chimney, I and now and again you got a whiff of I something good frying for the men's 1 breakfasts, for my cousin fed his sailors well. The Bride, with erect masts, was I sliding over the wide folds of water whose undulations were so long drawn and I regular as to be scarce perceptible in the motion of the vessel; there was air enough to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay the tremble was blinding; on either bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water 1 going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the yacht being a pile of white cloths-every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant studdingsail. The mate had charge and was stumping the weather side of the quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." "Marning," he answered. "Ugly squall that last night." "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashore to dogs as Finn once told me; but his surly tricks of speech and manner were so wholly a part of him, so entirely natural, so uncon sciously expressed, that it would have been as idle -to resent them as to- have quarrelled with him for having an askew eye or lost one's temper because his beard resembled rope yarns. "Anything in sight?" I asked, looking round. "Ay," he answered. "Where?" I exclaimed, running my eye over the sea. "Up yonder," he responded, indicating I with a gesture of his chin the topgallant. yard where was perched the inevitable figure of a look-out man. "But where away, Mr. Crimp,-where 'away, sir?" "On the starboard bow,i' he answered, r "'tain't long been sighted." Breakfast would not be ready for some >time yet, and having nothing to do I thought I would make a journey aloft on my own account and take a view of tlhe distant sail and of the spacious field of the glittering morning ocean from the a altitude of the masthead. I stepped below a for a telescope of my own, a glass I had 7 many a time ogled the sea with when I was doing penance for past and future g sins in African and West Indian waters. a Muffin was at the foot of the companion a steps holding a pair of WVilfrid's boots. f Be cast his eyes down and drew his figure a in though there was abundance of room a for me to pass. A slow obsequious, I apologetic smile went twisting and curling h down his lips; his yellow face had a bur a nished look; he was unconunonly clean "shaven, and his hair was brushed, or plaistered to the smoothness of his skull. d "Got your courage back ?" said I. r, "Thank you, yes sir," he answered n humbly with his eyes resipectfully cast a down. "'Richard's himself again tlhis \- morning, sir, as the saying is. But itwas da 'drrible time, sir." "You came near to making it so." said I I. "Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yetl" % "Yes, sir." J "How ishe?" t "Asleep. sir," he replied in a blandly Ii confidential way. o " Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't h disturb him. He passed a bad nightdown tl to two or three o'clock this morning." In was going; suddenly I stopped.- "By the way," said I, rounding upon the fellow, 3 "how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's q service?" e My question appeared to penetrate him with a consuming desire to be exact. He partially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a hen in tile act of drinking, and a then said with the air of one happy in the power of speaking with accuracy, "It'll d be five months to the hour, sir, come T height o'clock, Friday evening next." "During the time that you have been fi in his service," said I carelessly, "have h you ever heard him speak of hearing d voices or seeing visions?" "Woices, no sir," he answered; "but wisions," he added- with a sigh and a lengthening his yellow face into an ex- l" pression of deep concern, "has, I fear, b sir, more'n once presented theirselves to I him." "Of what nature, do you know ?" "Sir Wilfrid's a little mysterious, sir," c he responded in a greasy tone of voice and looking down as if he would have me g understand that with all due respect he g was my cousin's valet and knew his place. I said no more but made my way on a deck with a suspicion in me that the fellow C had lied, though I hardly knew why I tb should think so. I trudged forward, and t finding three or four of the men hanging. n about the galley I pulled out five shillings a and gave the money to one of them, say ing that I was going aloft and wished to ii pay my footing, for I was in no temper to tl be chased and worried. This made me h free of the rigging, into which I sprang, c and had soon shinned as high as the top- g gallantyard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that the man who overhung v it on the other side of the mast and who "'1. drowsily chewing upon a quid of h tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's ii lovely telescope, had no notion I was d alongside of him. I coughed softly, for I a had known seamen to lose their lives when a up aloft by being suddenly startled. He e put a whiskered face past the mast and a stared at me as if I was Old Nick, out of the minutest pair of eyes I ever saw in the c human head, mere gimlet-holes they I seemed for the admission of light. 'I " Thinking of your sweetheart, Jack? " S said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name h but counting Jack to be a sure word. "Can't rightly say what I was a-think- v ing of, sir," he answered hoarsely; " twarn't my sweetheart anyways, seeing h that the only gull I was ever really partial - to sarved me as her ledship sarved Sir v Wilfrid yonder," indicating the quarter- t deck with a sideways motion of his a head. d "Cut stick, eh " said I. a "Wuss than that, sir," he answered. a "If she'd ha' taken herself off and stopped h at that I dunno as I should have any occa sion to grumble; hbut she prigged the furniture that I'd laid in agin getting r married. Ay, prigged it. The boiling 1i amounted to fourteen pound tow, a I bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring c man to be robbed of for the sake of a master chinmey-sweep." He cast a slow I disgusted look around and expectorated I with an air of loathing. i " I hope you got the master chimney- t sweep locked up," said I. "No fear !" cried he, talking very fast; "smite me, your honour, if that there i gell didn't tarn to and swear that that I furniture was her's, bought out of her i own savings, and that she guy me the f money to order it with. Thinking o' my I sweetheart!" he grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his I eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living I in."1 I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail shining faintly in the blue air, leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, 1 1 pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of 4 the topsail of a ship heading directly for us. "I wonder if she'll have any news?" said I. " Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " but could you tell me how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ramble's agoing to last I " "What was the nature of the voyage you signed forl" " Why," he replied, "a yachting cruise to Table Bay and home." "It'll not exceed that, I believe," I ex claimed. "And if we pioks up that there Shark and recovers the lady afore we git to the Cape, shall we keep all on or shift our helium for Southamptin again ?" "Captain Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," I responded in a tone that silenced him, though his tiny eyes looked athirst for information as he regarded me aslant over one of his huge whiskers. The height from from which I surveyed the vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of emphasis it needed to render its magnitude realisable by human instincts in that re i mote flaw of ship's canvas which broke t the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with afeeling of exhilaration I , cannot express; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on that slender yard sank Sthroupgh and through me, and vitality to its moat secret recesses was quickened by it iiito a very intoxication of life, new, free, ardent; the air hummed gently in a ,ibratory metallic note as though it were Ssome echo of a distant concert of harps and violins; far down the hull of the ryacht, plentiful as was her beam in reality, looked like along slender plank Srounded at the bows, the whiteness of the deck showing with a sort of radiance as though it were thinly sheeted with crystal upon which the shadows of the rigging, masts and canvas laydark and beautifully clear, with a fitful swaying of them to the a heave of the fabric, off polished and bril Sliant things such as the skylight or the brass decorations, when flashes of fire a would leap forth to be veiled again in the r violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The I thin curve of foam on either hand the cut I water looked like frosted silver; my eye e went to the airy confines of the ocean i. spreading out into a delicate haze of soft a azure light where it washed the mnarble of . that magnificent morning firnament, and e then it was that, sharper than ever I n had before felt it, there rose the per , ception in me of the incalculable odds g against our sighting the yacht we were in \- pursuit of, so measureless did the ocean i- distance appear when with the gaze going ir from the .riide's nmasthead I thought of the distance that made the visible and compassable sphere, big as it was, as little d as a star compared with the heavenly it desert it floats iun. is When I looked down again I observed s Mliss Jennings watching me from the gang'vay with her hand shading her eyes. I raised my hat and she bowed, and being y< wishful of her company I bade my friend y< Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that was nailed to the mast would help to as lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned him, and descended, hearing him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off sc the foot- rope, though what he said I did tl not catch. fa "What is there to be seen, Mr. cl Monson " was Miss Jennings' first of question, with a delicate fire of timorous w expectation in her eyes. Il "Only a ship," said I. tl "Not-not---" "No ! not the Shark yet," I exclaimed hi smiling. "I am stupid to feel so nervous. I tl dare say I am as passionately anxious as nu Wilfrid to see my sister in this vessel safe tl \- and separated from - from" - she I faltered and quickly added, bringing her ai hands together and locking them, "but I ti dread the moment to arrive when the si Shark will be reported in sight." tc "Well, if we are to pick up that craft," c said I, "we shall do so and then there'll t( -be an end on't. But I give you my w6rd, i Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighy big place from that bit of a stick up there." w "Too big for this chase " "Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the it chance he wants." b She sent a bright glance at the top- si gallant-yard and said, "Does not that a great height make you feel dizzy? " v "Ay, as wine does. There is an in- e; toxication as of ether in the air up there. Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to get you on to that yard-see how near to heaven it is I You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an n angel, but that you felt like one." t She laughed prettily and turned as if to as invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of p the squall last night. It had not disturbed her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melan- sI choly perturbation, on which her face n grew grave and her air thoughtful. S SHe did not tell you the nature of the n warning " she inquired. n "No. It evidently had reference to a his baby. I wished to ascertain whether a] it was a voice or a vision-though I really w don't know why; for an hallucination is si an hallucination all the world over, and it w signifies little whether it be a sheeted essence to affect the eye or a string of airy h syllables to affright the ear." t, "I am sorry, I am sorry," she ex- li claimed anxiously, " it is a bad symptom, r I fear. Yet it ought not to surprise one. n The shock was terrible-so recent tool h Scarcely a fortnight ago he felt safe and tl happy in his wife's love and faith-" n "Maybe," I interrupted, "but I ti wouldn't be too sure though. When I last met him-I mean somewhile before d he came to ask me to join him in this trip a -his manner was very clouded, I thought, c when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even n then suspicion was something more than a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a ' sort of business to play havoc with such a d mind as his. Did you ever hear of his r having:warnings or seeing visions before?" "Never." "I asked his valet that question just a now, and he told me he did not know that - his master heard 'woices,' but he believed b he was troubled with 'wisions,' as he a called them." "Wilfrid has been very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the odd ness of his character, made more of it indeed than ever I could witness,-but then one understands why, now," she exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. 4 "But she never once hinted at his suffer ing from delusions of the kind you name. i Howshould his man know then? Wilfrid t is not a person to be so very confidential I as all that with his servant. I never liked 1 Muffin, and I believe he is a story-teller." t "So do I," said I, "and a coward to a boot," and I told her of my finding him t on his knees, and how I had prostrated I him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, clearing laughs. It c was a music to fit to gayer thoughts than 1 we had been discoursing, and presently we were chatting lightly about dress, society, some maestro's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable for a yacht's quarter- deck under such a us, then the raven, owl and bat-like sub- I jects of ghosts, warnings, visions and ) insanity. The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived I with a soap-varnished face and a humble I bow, and in greasy accents delivered his master's compliments to us and, please, we were not to wait breakfast for him. But when we were half through the meal I Wilfrid came from his cabin and seated himself. He looked worn and worried; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded in calming himself after a secret bitter mental conflict, but whose counten ance still wears the traces of his struggle. He called for a cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. Now and again I saw him glancing wist fully at Miss Jennings, but his eyes fell from her when she looked at him as though he feared the detection of some wish or thought in the manner of his watching her. He inquired languidly about thei weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. "There'll be a ship in sight over the bow," said I, "by the time we are ready to go on deck." "Ha!" he exclaimed, instantlybrisken ing; "we must speak her. Were it to come to twenty vessels a day passing us we should hail them all. But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the fret ting part of an excursion of this kind. Here are we creeping along as though in tow of one of our boats, whilst where the Shark is there may be half a gale driving I her through it as fast as a whale's first > rush to the stab of a harpoon." "Heels were given to us in the small Shours of this morning though," said I. > "We covered more space of sea in five i minutes than I should like to swim if I I had a month to do it in." "Oh, but she was off her course," ex claimed Wilfrid. S"Only to the first of the squall,'" I exclaimed, "when I went on deck she was i lying fair up again and crushing through a it with the obstinacy of a liner. He glanced at me absentlyas though he barely attended to my words, and then \- looked round him, as I supposed, to a observe if Muffin and the stewards were out of hearing. He lay back in his chair, Seying Miss Jennings for a little with a f thoughtful regard that was made pathetic 1 by the marks of care and grief in his face. [ "Laura," he said, "I am worrying \- about baby." a "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. L "Oh, it may be a mere instinctive a anxiety, some secret misgiving, well g founded but quite inexplicable and there f fore to be sneered at by friend Charles I here-who knows not yet the subtleties of e a flesh-and-blood tie-as mere sentiment." y "But why allow a fancy to worry you, Wilfrid?" said I. d "I fear it is no fancy," he answered e quickly. "I told Miss Jennings," slad I, "that you have been vexed and upset by what a you interpreted into a warning." o "Did it particularly refer to baby?" r she asked. a "Wholly," he responded gloomily. h " But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I t somewhat impatiently, "won't you put this miserable vision into words ? What E form did it take? A warning I If you g choose to view things asquint they're full a of warnings. Consider the superstitions t which flourish; the signs of luck and of ill- n luck; the meaning of the stumble on the t threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and the l rest of the inventions of the wicked old i hags who ride a cock- horse on broomsticks. F Why,I" I cried, talking vehemently with r the idea of breaking through the thickness a upon his mind, though it was no better p than elbowing a fog, "'I protest, Wilfriz, I would rather swing at your lower-yard- a arm and be cut down after a reasonable a time to plomb the deep peace of the green a silence beneath our keel, than live in a I torment of apprehension of shadows, and convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust tomy quivering anatomy stagger- . ing onwardsato the grave." 1 He surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. " Might not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have s been some brief, vivid dream, the impres sion of which was keen enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had I viewed what had appeared with open eyes ?" "No I" he answered emphatically, " what I saw I saw as I see you." I " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. t \- "No matter," he said, "God's eye is i upon the innocent. Surely he will pro tect my little one. Still-still-" he seemed to struggle with some thought and I paused. I made up my mind to attempt a bold 1 stroke. "Wilf," said I, "your child I must be dearer to you than your wife. Since you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to have the child by your side and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her to worry you ? " A dangerous light came into his eyes; 1 his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples .of shadow over his face. I regarded him- steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for I his bearing at this moment had more of the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breathed deep several 1 timesabefore speaking. "You are right," he said ; " my child is i dearer to me than my wife, but my honour 1 stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such suggestions. Look at me l" he cried, extending his arms, "gripped here," clasping his left hand, "by my child that in its sweet innocence I would'withhold me from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here he clenched his right hand with a menacing shake of it, 1 " by a sense of duty that must have its 3 way though it should come to my never setting eyes on my baby again. Charles" -his voice sank-" at your hands I should have expected something better than such advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage-" "No, no," I interrupted. "Why torment me then," he shouted, "by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows ! Is it so? Great heaven, man I you yourself read out the entry in Captain Puncheon's log-book." "Well, well, Wilfrid," said I sooth ingly, "lam very sorry to have saidany thsng to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of things to be as helpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove into view yet ?" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. His anger had left him. "Oh for the privilege," he exclaimed, "of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future ! Would to heaven I had been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it pos sible to interpret the hieroglypha in which the page of life is printed." "Miss Jennings," said I, "your sunny hair comes so near to the sort of nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those ! golden tresses." "Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, "you are for making fun of everything," and he stalked to his cabin, but only to fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. .I could not discover, however, that Miss J.nnings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion L of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER XI. THE PORTUGUESE BRIG. RIoaT over the bows on either hand the Ssky had cleared since the early morning; I the fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sea s line a dark blue sweep of water against ( the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star climbing above that most \- exquisite horizon shone the sail that was approaching us, still distant a fair eight Smiles, but already distinctly visible from Sthe low altitude of the Bride's quarter \- deck. Sir WVilfrid, leaning over the side, sent a long yearning look at her, then a with a glance at the man on the top Sgallantyard he walked over to Finn, who g had relieved the mate at eight bells, and t conversed with him. I got a chair for Miss Jennings, fetched her novel-the 1 end of the first volume of which seemed still as far off as the Cape of Good Hope \--and a rug for herfeet, and having made I her comfortable I loaded a pipe and squatted myself on deck under the lee of \- the mainmass. I was not perhaps in the very sweetest I of tempers; for though what I had said a below might have been a bit provoking, I Wilfrid had turned upon me for it a little too hotly methought. This expedition, to e be sure, had a special interest for him, as a it had a special interest for Miss Jennings; o but so far as I was concerned it was ea mere sympathetic undertaking. My r, cousin, to be sure, was "wanting"; but a that consideration was not going to render ic any indignation Imight unwarily provoke . in him the more endurable. My quarrel, g however, just then lay with myself. I was beginning to consider that I had . joined Wilfrid in this cruise too hurriedly; re that had I insisted upon more tinme for 11 reflection I should have declined the s- adventure for the very good reason that I is was unable to see how I could be of the af least use to him in it. The ocean makes " people selfish; its monotony presses upon a, and contracts the mind as its visible girdle circumscribes the sight. Thought is forced 'd inwards and the intellect devours itself as the monkey eats its tail. I was at already pining somewhat for the diver sions of the shore. Had I been sensible of any limit to the daily and nightly routine of eating, sleeping, keepinga look out, and discussing probabilities, my humour might have lightened somewhat; but on what date was this voyage to end i Where was this white fabric that was floating in beauty over the quiet waters going to carry me? Heavy clouds of smoke floated from my lips when I thought that for months and months I might be sundered from my clubrf the opera, of which I was a veir lover, from the engaging receri billiardsi fiborn theq'tarterofa, t . - pleasures with which the iB.- ' - means loads the bludid ? shoot at and kill the pass. "t~d4Parc Poor Wilfrid, the , Pr sigh; and an emo ojJP P as i rebuke when: Ohree min awkward figure, th `ý to the al heart- ache that left hi slept, of his love for his i '. fll find all dreadful grief and dishone'" tonish Yr come to him, of this apparen , pulsuit upfr i the ndltmdleassace or ooean of a faithless woman, with thesubts 1 distressing quality of madness in all he j did, in all hd be.ouglit, to riiake lii Co?olwe et . a sadder thing than can b'e describe. I peeped round the nYast for a shb6d view of Miss Jenniigif: She seemed to' have lighted on a chapter iW the novel that was interesting. Under th o'croop of her long lashes her half- closed .i'let eyes showed with a drowsy gleam; her 4ofill had the delicacy of a cameo, clear i tender, against the soft grey of the bul warks past her. Deuced odd, thought I, that I should find her prettiness so fasci nating; as though, forsooth, she was the first sweet girl I had ever seen I I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffngslowly, with these lines of haunting beauty run ning in my head; Hvo yoau een but a bright lily grew, Befate rude hands have touched It? Have you marked but the fall of the snow Before the .oil bath emuich'd It? Have you felt the wool oet the Waver? Or swan's down ever? Or have smelt o' the bud o' the briaf Or the nard in the fire Or have taated the bag of the bee? O sewhite 0 sooftl Osoesweetis she I The poet is also the prophet; and may be, thought I, when old Ben Jonson planned this fairy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little delicate goddess as that yonder. But there was tohappen presently some thing of a kind to send sentiment flying. Bit by bit the cloud-mailed sky had drawn away down into the Ilorthward, until far past our mastheads that way i was clear blue heaven with an horizoi ruling it of a sort of transparent sharpness that made you imagine you saw the atmoa sphere beyond through it as though it were the edge of some huge lens. The breeze was weak and the yacht's pace very leisurely; there were hints of a calm at hand, here and there in certain long glassy swathes which woundlike currents amongstthe darker shadowofthe wrinkling breeze upon the water; to every small roll upon the long sleepy undulation, the main boom swang in with a short rattle of canvas in the head of the sail and a flap or two forwards with the smite of the mast by the square topsail as though there were hands aloft lazily beating a carpet. The vessel ahead was steering dead ~J~ us, her masts in one. -!he was niv¢ smaller than I had supposed front the first glimpse I cau"ht of ief froin the masthead-a little %rig, apparently, her cloths showing out rusty to the srilliance as she neared us, albeit, afar they had shone like a star of white fire. Her fet's was of a dirty yellow-a sort of pea-soup colour, and the foot of her foresail was spread by a bentinck boom. She was without an atom of interest in my eyes a small foreigner, as I supposed, slug gishly lumbering home to some Spanish or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-coloured Dagos, and the cabin atmosphere poisonous with the lin gering fumes of bad cooking. Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at her together, the latter raising a glass to his eye from time to time. I knocked the ashes out of my bowl and crossed over to them. "It will be strange if she has any news to give us of the Sh7ark," said I. "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. "Looks as if site meant to give us the stem," exclaimed Finn, with a glance aft at the fellow at the helm; "she is steer ing dead on for us, as if her course were a bee-line and we were athwart it." "I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English," said I. " What is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson?" asked Miss Jennings, closing her volume and joining us. "Italian. What say you, captain " " Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," he answered, " but I know what she ain't -and that's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. " Does she see us ? " exclaimed Wilfrid. "Really she is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captain's glass and breglht it to bear. She was bow on, and therd was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail - nothing living in the rigging or upon the yards either; the foresail con cealed the run of her abaft. " She appears derelict," said I, "with her helm secured amidships, and blowing like the wind-as she listeth." "Time to get out of her road, I think," grumbled Finn. "Down hellum !" The turn of a spoke or two brought the stranger on the lee bow. Then it was Sthat, on taking another viewof her through Sthe glass, I observed a couple of men standing near a jolly-boat, that swung at a pair of heavy wooden davits like a Nan tucket whaler's on the quarter. One of them wore a red cap resemblingan inverted flower-pot; the other, whilst he addressed his companion, gesticulated with incon ceivable vehemence. S "Foreigners of a surety!" said I; S"they'll have no news for us." All continued quiet; tile two vessels Sapproached each other slowly; the stranger I now proving herself, as I had supposed Sher, a brig of about a hundred and eighty Stons, as dirty a looking craft as ever I Ssaw, stained in streaks about the hull, as Sthough her crew washed the decks down ;with the water in which they boiled their Smeat; her rigging slack and grey for want Sof tar; the clews of her sails gaping at a Sdistance from her yardarms; and at her r mainmast-head an immense weather-cock, Srepresenting a boat with what I supposed to be a saint standing up in it, with gilt Senough left upon the metal of which it I was formed to flash dully at intorvalh as ; the rolling of the vessel swung the sun r light off and on to it. As she lifted to a the floating heave of the sea she showed a I bottom of ugly green sheathing, rich with a marine growths, dark patches of barnacles, a sea-moss, and long trailings of weed rising a vividly green from the sparkle of the e brine. j "What a very horrid-looking boat," I observed Miss Jcenings. a As the girl said this I saw the fellow ab the stranger's wheel revolve itwith frantio gestures as ts?s.ugh some deadly danger had been de.cried close aboard; the brig came heaviY and sluggishly round right athwart ot course, showing no colours, and dippi?g her channels to the run of the folds with the weary motion of a water-loged vessel, and so lay all aback. Finn lok'ed on, scarcely understanding the myceuvre, then bawled out, "Hard down IHard down ? Chuck her right up in thi wind ! Why, bless my body and soul what are the fools aiming at ?" pe yacht nimbly answering her helm case to a stand, her square canvas to the nmst, her fore and aft sails fluttering. "Hlail her, Finn !" cried Wilfrid with excitement. "No need, sir; they're coming aboard,"' answered the captain, and sure enough there were the men, the only two besides the man at the helm who were visible, working like madmen to lower away their jolly-boat. In their red-hot haste they let her drop with a run, and the fat fabric smote the water so heavily that I looked to see her floating in staves alongside. Then down one fall with the agility of a inonkey dropped the man in the red nightcap into her and unhooked the blocks, jusmping about like a madman. His com panions swung himself down by the other fall, and in a trice both men, sitting so far in the head of the boat as to cock her stern high up, whilst her nose was nearly under, were pulling for the yacht as though the devil himself were in pursuit of them. "What do they want*? The Bride?" exclaimed Wilfrid, breaking into a huge roar of laughter, with a slap of his knee. He had been eyeing the approach of the t with a sort of high, lifting stare hrown back, nostrils round and like an impatient horse's. ..- ro of the moth for the star! " 10a Miss Jennings. "But the simile t hold; yonder red nightcap spoils moy of the moth." 1 we receive them aboard, sir ?" ed Captain Finn. tainly," responded Wilfrid, with short shout of laughter. -_. - p tat thece gangway," sung .~7t Finn; "the steps over the side, one \- of ye." The two strange creatures pulled with amazing contortions. Small wonder that the heap of child-like disposition that pretty well made up the substance of Wilfrid's manhood, should have been stirred into extnravagant merriment by the wild movements of the two fellows' bodies, the windmill-like flourishings of their oars, the flopping and flapping of the red cap, the incessant straining and twisting of the chocolate faces over the shoulder to see how they were heading, the shrill exclamations that sounded from the instant the fellows were within ear shot and that never ceased until they had floundered and splashed alongside. (To be confmtined.) 