IRISH LAND PURCHASE. It has always been recognised that tha Iriah difficulty is maioly bound up with questions concerning the disposal of the land in Ireland. The greatest chamnlon oi the Irian Jlome Kule cause, Mr. triad Btone himself, has pointed out that th- two questions of Irish '.land and Irisl government are 'closely and inaeparablj connected, for they are the two channel through which we hope to find access and effective access, to that questioi which is the most vital of all, namely, th- question of social order in Ireland.' I was the result of a wise and states manlike view of the whole mattei that Mr. Gladstone determine*: to bring in two Bills — tha one providing for the government of Ireland by Irishmen, and the other regulating the aa'c and the possession of Irish land The Liberal leader acted up to hu principles, making his Home Rule Bil of 1886 and his Irish Land Purchase Bill depend upon each other, 11 either was lost the other fell with it. But the Conservatives cut the Gordlar. knot after the classic style. They pro claim that social order must precede hhc settlement of the land question and the settlement of the home question. Thsj have, as they boast, established social order. They have put down crime of all sorts by the agency of their Removable Magistrates, and Mr. Balfour is now King of the Emerald Iale. Mr. Balfour ha- shown his statesmanlike qualities by be ginning at the end. Older politicians than he have been anxious to begin at the be ginningacdworkforward. He claims to have begun at the end, and he now pro poses co work backward. Mr. Glad stone was of opinion that the settle ment of the laud difficulty, coupled with the grant of Home Rule, would establish social order. Mr. Balfoui says that he has established social order. md that now it is his business to arrange the land question. After a time he may ilso settle the business of Home Rule. That old Baying, Timeo Danaos it dona /^rentes, may be applied too often. One has a natural suspicion that his enemy is prompted by extra malevolent designs when he professes iiimaelf ready and willing to do some thing in one's favour. But there are Dccaaions upon which the gifts of Bnemies are desirable, and in any case the friends of Ireland will be abundantly prepared to welcome Mr. Balfour in his new character as a friend of Ire land. Therefore it is that we notice with pleasure the announcement con tained in our telegrams of this morning that Mr. Balfour has Intro duced an Irish Land Purchase Bill. Mr. Balfour has deservedly gained a very bad reputation amongst Irishmen. Coldand cynical, presenting a breast of rhinoceros bide to the criticisms of opponents, ho is absolutely the last man who could be put forward as a friend of Ire land. All his failings notwithstanding, Mr. Balfour has brought forward a scheme for the purchase of land In Ireland which, so far as we oan judge of it, Is a fair and honest arrangement. The Bill provides for a cheaper and more rapid means of carrying out Lord Ashbourne's Act— the principle of which, we need hardly remind readers, is that the State advances to tenants at an easy rate the money necessary for the purohase of their holdings. The purchase Is to be volun tary. No tenant Is to be forced to avail himself of the opportunity offered. The State is not to be called upon to advanoe more than £30,000,000 sterling, and, though the credit of the British Empire is to be used, there Is to be no risk to the British taxpayer. This last consideration Ib enough in itself to secure the success of the BilL If the BriilBh taxpayer is assured that a reform will cost him nothing he is ordinarily prepared to farther it; and we are bound to believe, if everything is and will remain as stated, that Mr. Balfour's Bill will be a success. So far as we know at present it is an amplification of the Aahbourne Act It famishes tenants with means for the pur chase of their holdings, and It gives land lords the assurance — which can be imparted alone by Parliamentary authority — that they can get rid of their estates at a com fortable price. A careful review of tha whole matter, however, suggests Beveral difficulties. These can be aa conveniently lumped together in an argument as In a Bill. Does Mr. Balfour introduce the measure in the interests of the landlord or iu the interests of the tenants? A direct answer to this vavy natural enquiry is not made, but as we all know that the Conservatives have time out of mind been upholders of the landlord system, which has been so disastrous to Ireland, it may be presumed that Mr. Balfour is more studious of the in terests of the landlords than that of the tenants. Now there is very little to be said In favour of Irish landlords as a class. Honourable exoeptions there doubtless always have been, and many an Irish land lord has done his level best to do his duty towards his tenants. For the more part they have been either nseleBB drones or absentees. Headers who are familiar with the history of the last century — to go no further back — will be bound to acknowledge the absolute uselessneas of the landlords as a aalutary power In Ireland. In the past the landlords had everything their own way — it is full time for the tenants to have their say. It seems to be generally understood that the landlords must be bought out — and many of them are very anxious to be bought out. In 1883 Mr. Gladstone said that thU operation would cost £300,000,000 sterling, and in 188G the sum had been reduced to £113,000,000. Mr. Balfour now proposes to pay £30,000,000 towards buying the landlords out. Every year sees the value of land to the owner declining and declining, and many of the Irish landlords are beginning to Bee that they had better depart from the scene which they have occu pied without adorning as soon as they poBsibly can. The question of option or compulsion on their part is not new, Mr. Gladstone's Bill of 1886 providing that owners might sell if they bo desired. One would like to compare at length the pro visions ef Mr. Balfour's Bill with that of Mr. Gladstone. A further general comparison is impossible, bat it ia worth noting that the Tory Bill has pretty well the same clause as its predecessor with regard to 'normal rent.' When Mr. Gladstone intro duced his measure to the House, nor nearly four years ago, he said:— 'The normal rent, if I may ao call it — that Ib, the rent which we conceive will be applicable on a fairly well conditioned estate in Ireland — both of the few extremely good and valuable, and I am afraid the more numerous class that will fall below that—the normal rent will be twenty years on the basis of the rental I have described.' This statement was received, according to the Times report, with 'general murmurs in all parts of the House.' Mr. Balfour has now advanced similar proposals without raising the ghost of opposition. On behalf of the Liberal party Mr. Gladstone promised the measure full and fair discus sion, and it is open to us all to believe that the land policy of the Tory Government will help forward the settlement of Ireland. The proposal Is clearly a great advance en the temporary and expensive relief to land lords granted by Lord Ashbourne's Act. Sis Henby Parkes nr Adilaide.— Sir Henry Parkes, G.C.M.G., the Premier of New South Willes, waa invited by Hia Excellency th^ Governor to be Mb gaeat at Marble Hill during hia stay in Sonth Aus tralia. Sir Henry haB, however, intimated by telegraph^hls regret that owing to the Bhortness of his visit to the colony it ia im possible for him to accept Bi3 Excellency's invitation, The Easteb Holidays.— In response to a request from th.8 .Associated Banks tho Government have reeolved to declare Satur day, April 5, and Tuesday, April 8 in EaBter week Bank holid&ya; in addition to Good Friday &nd; EaBter Monday. The object is to aasimilate the Bank holidaya with Mel bourne. New Boats fop. the Orient Like.— By Dur Englieh telegrams it will be noticed that the .steamer Oruba U to replace the Ligaria. The Oruba was built about ten months ago, and is similar in style to the Ormuz, having her saloon on deck, the staterooms being below. We learn also that the Orotava is to replace the Iberia. Both boats were built on the same principles and at about the same time, and are of about 6,000 tons register. The owners are the Paoifio Company, who have used them np to the present for tho trade between Liverpool and the west cotat of America, Thk Detective Department EsgaiRT.— Tbe Board appointed to enquire into alleged irregularities in the Detective Department of Adelaide met again on Tuesday, March 25, and adjourned, Kepbesektation at the Losdos Misi5flT Exhibition, — The Government have decided to send the Inspector of MineB (Mr. D, D, fiosewarne) to represent tha colony at tbs forthcoming Mining Exhibition to be held at the Gryetal Palace, London, Sie Henry Pakkes at Eroken Hill, — We understand that when the Premier of New South Wales (Sir Henry Parkee) visits Broken Hill the Directors of the Proprietary Mine intend to meet him there to discuss with him the general mining interests of ttt diatriot. The Late Mr. T. S. Porter.— The late Mr. T. S. Porter wm bnried in Christ Church Cemetery, O'flalloran Hill, on Monday afternoon. The funeral was very largely at tended by the principal people in the diatrlot. The chief mourners were the deceaeed gentle man's cone (Meearo. H. and E, Porter) and his brother-in-law (Mr. Read). The Sunday ?ohool children (of which deceased was Super intendent) with the workmen of Glenthorne led the fnneral procession from the bouse to the Church. Ths burial service was con ducted by the Rev, W. S. Moore (inoumbent)9 f SBidted by the Revs, fl, M. Pollitt and W, H. Mudie. Mr. Moore expreBied to the con gregation in the Church hia deep aecss of indebtedness to the late Mr. Porter for th* futerett he had ever taken in the Church and Sunday-school, and at which he was at tba time ef his death warden and eynoctaman. The School of Mikes,— At the instigation of Mr. Bonython, Chairman cf the School c£ Mine*, Mr. J, J. East, the Aoting Director, haB prepared a return of the Btudentf enrolled dming the term commencing Feb luary of thiB year, -which chows that the. number of separate students attending the day classes is 45 and the evening classes 155. Another table Bhows that in the industrial department the attendance at tbe day claBies is 48, including 18 In the boys' carpentering, four iu carpentering and joinery, and 24 in tho dveBsmakic/, ; and atl the evening classes 47, oomprisic^ j.1 car pentering p^d joining, two electric engi neering, i nine dressmaking, 15 fitting and jo'nicp, &ud; 10 pattern- making. In the cebnical department the day clasaea are attended by 70 students, made up of 11 matbematicB, 11 physics, 14 preliminary chemistry, 13 preliminary practical chemi stry, 15 drawing, one assaying, and 11 mineralogy ; and tbe evening classes by 160, made up of 19 mathe matics, 12 pbyeics, two advanced phyaioi, 26 preliminary chemistry, 19 preliminary practical chemistry, 17 advanced chemiBtry, eight drawing, five applied mayhem itios and mech&nicB;, 29 assaying, and 23 geology and mineralogy. Altogether the cl- issea are attended by 329 students, and it ia ooted that this total will bs tlightly augmented when the University elaas register is available, which will bealrr.o&t; immodiaccly. In another ebeet the time-table for day students ia given, whioh shows tbRt preliminary chemistry is tanght iu the University buildings from 10 to 12 on Mondays, WedneadiyB, and Fridays, and preliminary phjaics during th* same houra on Tuesdays and Thursdays ; mathematicn in the School of Minoa from 12 to 1 fonr d&ye; a week, the mineralogy class taking that hour on Fridays ; carpentering at the School of Mines from 2 to 4 on Tuesdays, WednesdayB, and FriJays, and drawing the came houra on Mondays and Fridays ; dregemaking at the School of Mines from 2 to 4 on Monday*, Tuesdays, and Wedneidays, and aiao from 10 to 12 on Tueidays. In addition to this thtre is an extra class at the School of Minea for boys' carpentry from 9 to 11.30 on Saturdays and every day at tha School of Mines Bpeoial etudenta in asaayiag ar6 taught from 2 to 5, We are glad to give publicity to this infor mation, which aeemB to show that yroviaioa ia made for three hoar*' tuition of regale? students on five days a week, irrespective oi the extra Saturday class. Valedictory tc the Rev. J. Y. Smpsoir,.' — The Rev, James Young Simpson, a popnlax and successful Weslcyaa minister iu tha colony for the l&Pt; twenty- three years, is on ThurBday next to leave for Perth, Weatei Jt Australia. He hta had moat of the impor tant Circuits and held the higher t posts of honour to be attainad by Methodist Minister* ?u the colony. He hes baen transferred bj the unanimous vote of the Conference ta preside over Methodist affair* in Western Australia. DuriDg the last three years ha has had charge of the Gienslg Circuit. He conducted a valedictory servke on Sunday morning last, when an uuuanaliy large con gregation acscmbied to hear hi:n. Oa Monday evenieg he was entertained at & aocial in the Gleuolg Lecture Hall. After tea. Mr. David Kock presided over a large and enthusiastic meetiDg. Tho Chairman referred! to the work that their guest had done in tha Circuit. He had managed financial affaire well, and a Circuit debt of £140 hud been r^- placed by a present credit balance of over £20, He had also largely increased the TruBt and Connexional Fuuda of the Churuh. His preaching had been of tha highest order*' Representatives from various jurta of th« Circuit, MeBErs. .Norton, Franois, Priest, Edwards, Bailey, and LangEtord, confirmed what had been Eaid by the Chairman. A very beautiful tea-urn, suitably inscribed;, was presented to Mrs, Simpson, who during her residenca in tho Biy has euuoired her-, self to all in tho Circuit, and ruaay of tha tpeakcra alluded to her gre&t; usefulness*' Mr. Simpeon, un behalf of Mre. Simpsonfl' acknowledged the kindness of the ladies ia m&kins; the presentation. Although in feeblg health when coming in tbs Circuit the had exerted herseli tu jjut things en a sound basis, and, seconded by tho other ladies o£ the Cirouit, she had been largely instrumental in achieving ptesect results, Mr. Simpson briefly sketched hie career in the colony. Ha regarded Sonth Australia aa his home, ami Bhould look forward. to hia retum. He asked the hearty cooperation of the Cirouit ow behalf of hia successor, tho Riv. Albertf Stubbs, and at the ccaciueion of his addrest the congregation roae and aang ' God be witbi you till we meet again.' During tho evening Mr. W. C. Hccper favoured tho company with a song, and Mr. La vie with o recitation,: Hills Laxd afd Investment Co.MrANT.-* The Directors in their seventeenth half-, yearly report atuzo that the improved posi tion of the Company indicated in their laat report has been fully maintained. Theic. only indebtedness la compriied in two. - mortgages amounting to £1,150, due oa October 15 next and January 28. lb'Jl, againBfc. which there ia £1,737 17s. 10d. owing tat them. The above-named mortcages will ba paid off as soon as the due dates arrive, Thar valuable properties of the Company, standing at a coat of £3-3,319 Is. 10d., wj'li then ba held entirely free from deut, Sales; have been effected during the half year amounting to £511 2s, Ui., of whicbi £411 10s, has been received and i laced on deposit at interest. In accordance with tha expressed wish oi shareholder* the Directors have r6oolved to efford every encouragement roeaible to purchasers consistent with a duar regard to the value of tha ex.-j[)tionally» situated properties of the Company. Sinoo the close of the half-year a contrac'. haa beerc entered into for the able of porthn of thai Aldgate properties for the sum of i 2,3J5. Iti s anticipated that before the ncxi share holders' meeting tha Board will be in # position to declare a dividend and distribu-1 tion of capital amounting to one shilling pef, share. IlirERIAL Pi.,. VENT BCILDJSU ASO Isyest3151-t Socll- i . — The fiftieth half-i yearly general meeting was held at tha office, Montefiore Chambers, \Yt»ymouth« street, on Tuesday, 25th inat. Mr. A. S., Deveniah presided over a Bmall attendance^ The Hon. A. M. SimpBon sailed tho attention of the shareholders to the favourable nature? of the balance-sheet as compared with ther previous cue, especially pointing out thftf after paying a profit of 3s. 63. per Bbare now, as compared with 3a. blx months ago, the Directors had been able to increase the amount of undivided profit from £39B 133. lid. to £649 4a. Id., and aJso stated that whereas six months ago it waa found quita impossible to procure good freehold mort gages for the snrpltu funds of the Society, within the last two months a larger number of loana had been granted by the Board than in the eight months preceding. On the irotion of the Chairman, seconded by the Hon. A. M. Simpaon, the balance-sheet was adopted. Mr. A. S. Devenish, the Hon. A. M. Simpson, and Mr. W. Sketheway were elected Directors for the ensuing year. 'I ho balance- sheet is published in another column. Industrial School for th2 Bum— A public meeting of ladies was held in the Mission Hell, Magill, on Tuesday afternoon, March 25, for the purpose of considering the advisablenesa of assisting at the Fair to ba held in the Jubilee Exhibition Buildine in May next. There was a fair attendance. Mr. Hendiy explained the object of the Fa?.r. Much interest was shown, and the ladies deJded to assist, those present resolving themselves into a committee for that object with power to add to thoir number. Mra. Swan waa elected President, and Mist Barden Secretary. Milksillees' AssociATiOK. — A meeting of milkseUers was held at the Criterion Hotel on Tuesday morning. Mr. J. Edwardi occupied ths chair. Those present decided to form themselves into an Association, and a committee waa formed to make arrange ments, Ykab Book of Australia. — We have received from Messrs. E. S, Wigg & Son the volume of the ' Year Book of Australia for 1S90.' This very valuable production is, if possible, more complete than in past years, and it is alwayB recognised aa an exceedingly valuable and trustworthy book of reference. The map published this year ia cf special interest to South Australians, being a geological sketch of this ooiony, prepared by Mr. H. Y. L. Brown, the Government Geologist. As usual tha book is arranged according to subjects, the information jibout the various colonies appearing in different departments. The first section contains i calendars and general information, the second a record of events in 1SS9. Then follow departments dealing with the public finances and loana of the different colonies, the pas toral interests, mininz, railways and tram ways, pcstal and telegraphic matters, sporting, art, music, and the drama, admin istrative and legislative affairs, ecclesiastical subjects, education, legal, medical, naval, military, and commercial matters, and Banks and riaer Societies. The information ia classified in an excellent way, and every facility ia given for reference. Deterioration is Wheat.— At a meeting cf the Flounr.illers' Assaciation on Tuesday morning, March 25, the matter of deteriora tion of wheat as regards the percentage of gluten contained, was diacuEded in relation ship to the London market, where tha strength of the sample is one of the principal matters considered in connection with the value of the wheat. It was e Sited that oi late yeara tnere had beta a gradual reduction in the percentage of gluSen, and than few samples averaged mere than 10 per cent. Farmers should bear tki3 in mind in select ing samples for the present season, and Ehonld remember tnat the bearded wheats, which were noc in favour with ths millers in jean pa.it, have grown in favour in conse quence of the large percentage of gluten they contain, and would now be acceded at full rates. They should alao remsmoer that these bearded wheata mature aome weeks before the ordinary aainpies, thua greatly lessening dangers from red rust ; in fact, if the bearded .wheats had been eown, we should hare known little of red ruse ia the colony. Fouxdstat Salisei:2Y.— Mr. P-iterno3ter, one of our enterprising machinists, and patentee of the ' all iron windmill' has (tajs oar Salisbury correspondent on March 25) taken an advance steD calcu lated to increase tha trade of Salisbury in adding a foundry to hia establishment. Yesterday aitsrnocn the fire waa lii for the first time, and the unusual glare with whirl of the bl.-.v. it:rictdd quite a cro:vd to witness the tapping of the furnace and the first casting, which was watched with greaS interest. Ths Temperature. —The record of heat at the Adelaide Observatory at; 12 o'clock on Tuesday, March 25, waa 703° in tha shade and 126° in the sun. Hates of Loai-isg at Pobt Adelaide, — The usual meeting of the Port Working Men's Association waa heid oa Monday evening, when, we are informed, the dele gates reported what took place at tha Con ference held on the previous Tuesday, A diEcuBtion followed, whsn it wa3 decided to adhere to th& 'ton' system, which it was stated now worked emoothly. The delegates indicated at tha Conference that this would he th6 decision of their Association. Shall Fibe.— At about 10 o'clock oa Tuesday night a fire wss discovered in the woodyard cf Messrs. George Maggfi; Co., North-teirace, by a man named Arcaibald Williams, who gave tha alirm to tiie tire brigade at once. The real* ware toon oa the apot and pat the tire cui. It had started in the eagine-ahed, aad about a ton of drewood waa consumed and the shed damaged ?slightly, but the machinery eecapsd injury, ft At present it is not known waethar the place is insured. Telephone to Uraidla.— Our correspon dent at Uraldia writes on March 24: — " Mr. Todd, the Postmaster- General, visited the district today to make enquiries about establishing a public telephone in the town ship. He was very favourably impressed with the district, and is in favour of granting it. Representations were made to him that the advantages to the district would be greater by having it connected with the tele phone at Burnside Reservoir and on to Ade laide than via Stirling East. He was iu favour of the Burnside route. The Burnside route would be better in case doctors were required from Adelaide, which is often the case. The question of allowing postal notes to be sold at the Uraidla Post-Office was also mentioned. He promised to consider it." Smabt ^op.k.— About 1.30 a.a. oa Monday a member of tha Norwood Brigada (Mr. Fay) w*b en the Parade, when he saw the [reflection of a 5rs In tha direction of P&jneham.; Ea at once callsd three other local firemen, manned the horaa-resl, and in about twelve minutes arrived at the fire, ?which waa on the premises of Mr. Bermai Schauer, of West Harden. The premises were too much destroyed to save acythicg; but the Sremen, with buckets of water, pro tected the adjoins hayat3cks &nd; other premises until all danger of tne fire spreading waa past. The premises of Mr. Schaaer wero insured. Eutteb Factory at Mzaxjow:?. — Oa Saturday evening, March 22, a public meei ing was held at the OldfeHoivs' Hall, Mead owb, when there were about fifty present with Mr. G. Vickery ia tho chair, to consider whether a butter factory conld be started. It was resolved that a factory be erected ? that the sita be on Mr. G. Vickery'a Saction 3.4S6, adjoining Mr, J. Edwards^, and that the provisional Jlrectcr* be Me*srp. C. J. Dash wood, G. Usher, eer.., il. U adatna. T. O'Loughlsn, W. Ellis, and (J. Notta^s. Chaslxs E. Clark's Issolvexcy. — Wa are requested jO i-tate th« Mr. Charles E. Clark, who was reported in our Melbourne telegrams to be insolvent, has no connection with the firm of Clark & Co., stockbrokers, of Melbourne. The PEsxsvtvAyi.* Flood.'.— Tha des patches which we published yesterd »y wera received by His iiceilency tho Governor from Lord KnutBf oid, Secretary of State for the Colonies. Cmzzss' Lxra Assctusce Cojipaxt.— We are requested to direct attention to an adver tisement in our special colnrnn in reference to the speedy settlement of a claim upon this Society. The KAiirFALL.— The following In the rainfall for twenty-four couth ending 9am Tuesday, March 25.— Port Darwin, l-2'-0 ? Pine Creeft, 0 110. ' Adelaide Oval.— Tha Military Band will gr»e their usual weeklv concert oa the Ade laide Oval to-night. G.U.O.O.F.— Prince Albert Juvenile Lodt-e celebrate their second anniversary to-night in the Bible Christian Church, Young-street. Adelaide Oval— The Military Band will pive another concert on the Oval thia even ly 