HELIGOLAND With reference to the cession by Erigkod of Heligoland to , Germany, -the Daily Unci .say — " . If we are io cedeSshgoland, it maybe"UB?fuI ' to know wh^t Hehgiland'lB'like, Englishmen; " as a i tile, have lcss ;lnformation ion that point than the -Russians; -Danes,'- and- Germans -who -a nnually-make the island their bathing station.. It..:isa small island,-and-.the yery smallest of oar organised"colonies. -Xtmeasures-little over •• a mile in its greatest- length, andiabout a -thtrd of-.a imle.iuits greatest Jjrenath. oi'say^-tteee-.-'--..: quarters of a square miloin-all: Xtis nothing, yetm certamconfangenaesi't'jiiightbeeyerytlimg, for.itstaDds right,opposite to that - mouth of the Elbe which, when the canal to Kiel "is completed, will give the German: fleet free access to the JNorth Sea,- atiS. render it quite- independent of the - troublesome passage • • by the Sound. Though Heligoland is known tobutfew Englishmen, it ib fortunately-fairly es; .well known to one—Mr. William George Black, who, in spite/of. occasional inaccuracies, has. written a capital- ..book • about .--it and the adjacent , islands, • which- was : published • two yeara ago bv Blackwood: and Sons. Om want ot knowledge • is m this instance mere forgetfulness. for Heligolandforros pne of those Frisian islands of- -the North 3oa ^fhich formed the-cradle of our race. Most of these islands-were secured--by -Prussia-on her annexation .of:.bcbleswjg- Holstem.'.and .if, it , suffer the samefate, Heligoland-will but go the wav/of iiie i-'riman world. From ihe Island of Sylt, according to local tradition, Hengist. sailed to the conquest of Britam. - The storms of fourteen hundred years have washed Hengist's harbour, out ,of recognition, but : the tradition has .defied their ravages. -The : languageof Heligoland bears a close aflmity to modernEnglish—ir the fact oughtuot rather U> ;be stated €he other way.- - As the Heligolanders - - themselves sing, oreay B uwter,-breat,' en green tzies •'. Is gutlilnshsh en guth Fnesch ;" which being modernised rather than translated, runs as follows: • , r. ••.-.- \- '• Butter, hread, arid -rreen eliee^e . \- fc good'EnghBh and good Enese." This may,have something to do with the un- . questionable preference of the. Heligolanders . for the English rule. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach . was perfectly -justified^ m collmg attention'to - this aspect of "the casein a late debate-j-which, lt'is'^needless -to say, took place. befora.-X^rd baiishury's intentions were ;annouliced.''' ;The Heligolanders bear a etrong attachmentto their island, and they have ahvely horrorof annexation to a mihfaiy. monarchy.ba^ed on the system of .the _• conscription. - They • celebrated -the Jubilee of the Queen with every demon-: stration. of loyalty as an acknowledgment s theii gratitude to a power, which, while it governs-them as .a .crown: colony, -still "leaves ©ism very much to themselves. 'Their present constitution dates only from I868, and it placed them under the paternal care of a Governor who, within his modest limits, -is said to be as autocratic.-as the Czar. - This , amiable despot makes his-own laws, and is his ow Chancellor of the Exchequer.^ .He is -also - his own' Commander^in-Chief and Judge of the Gourt of Sessions, though he iiae assistance m cases of divorce.- Sir Arthur Barkly, who at "present •holds thiB enviable post,-was appointed in 1S88. SnrTereaceO'Bnen. his predecessor,5"restores the finances," paved the streets with concrete, and erected a steam lift—amost nsefnl 1 contrivance, as affording communication 'between the : sandy shore .and:- the(high; and: all-but inaccessible clifE- iaboye, where.-most -, of, the people live:. Heligoland 1 ,, has had many masters, r jint. jt (bas. nsver beloziged to Germany. -. It wSs eaptfjred by ns in 1807 from "the Danes, and' formally, ceded by them m 1814 by the Treaty pf Kiel.' The loyalty of the island-to the -Bntish'connection is- no dodbt based; to some extent, on the considera tion that itis best to let well alone. Heligoland , has an- . creased both in population and iresoarcesuznder British rule. The population- is ---now- about 2,500 :.the revenue "between £8,000 and £9,000. .The national.debt—for, to -be strmtly accurate, -. the island is not wholly v,'ithoui'oue—stands at £10.-. So, at least, we gather frpm the-last report of Governor Barkly^ -but lii another way.of looking-atlf,-.this is only an o'nfetanding account presented-?too late <for.settlemeiit atthe close of the last tmancial year. 'Our own territorial" loss in - ihe -rtraiir,action may "be stated in tnie ; way A,- Taking tho whole empire, we have -at. present y,ot.3,o62 square miles^-we - ishall. • ha?6" -only -S',u43;5Gi4 -When. ••. Hehgolmid goes to Germany. -We axe girmg up about the half of Hyde Park.The bitter : American saying .about "England would be almost. hterally tTue of the .httleialand at the mouth-of "the 321be. "A "somnamWhst might •. hesitate to go' to • bed there ior feai he- taught walk m tliomght and fallofi. - This;- of ^course;-.. is .only one-T/ray of -looking 'at- -it. - There is every probabibty that Germany-will strongly fortify the island,,and that we .shall find-it easier, to part with than to recover,n ever ws waut it back again. : . ... It is the sea,.the sea, and nothing butthesea, Heligoland. The traveller reports few trees, • no running water, no .ruins,-butan-extraordinary width of sea-view, seen as from the deck of a gigantic ship.-- -There isnb"harbour—passengers are pulled ashore m boats. The only romantic .association;- are a ghost,-believed to -represent a : person in orders- and .of/ the - Lutheran persuasion, and a sort of sub-population of elhn people, who live underthe ireppe, or steps that lead to the summit of the rock.. These are greatly giveu to tne petty larceny of •new-born babes, substituting their ovtn uniightly oifspnng for -the httle strangers, unless . closely watched. The best substitute for the is to rub the feet of the nurselings withibutter, and this is commonly done: Everything mHeligoland is'to scale, except the men . : and women- -The summer, season lasts'but ten weeks." After that time hotels, lodging-houses, and shops are closed, ana the mail—mud and • weather permitting even then—comesein -but twice a week. But life is very pleasant-there while the season lasts.. Small as it is, Heligoland has a sart of dependency, -in a still smaller lBland about a quarter of a mile distant •from what-may be called the empire state. Tlere the-visitors go for the bathmg, which is said to'be wonderfully good, and most exlnlaratmg m its effects. "When they have . bathed, they: commonly-stroll, into one of the. ' cafes of the dependency ior breakfast. . After -this they- re-einbaik to reach what may by courtesv.be called the mainland. Herothereis a conversation-house, with theatre and ballroom, and a band, to help fill up the day. The liative'fisher lolk -dance .in halls of their own, and those-visiters who think with the Shah that the vyiSB • man- should -never dance himself when he can get some one else-to-dance for him attend their-modfest assembly-rooms, ;-All, ibe company -know-.oiier anoHifer,.-an:dT5ach has a. i.of character in. tae fact tHat no-youth or-:maiden,is allowed:-to dance-in.pnhlicuntil after .confirmation:...:- •. -: ; , . , • ;-:, , .-- - -:• Introductions are-. a pure .-.uperliuity. The dancers have sat together at school and chnr-ch all'thett lives: - When they , enter into the more • ^eUcateiielationS:,^f'..<auttship.-.they -are-..met with- a --difficulty-^peculiaac:^•.'to - the place; The • to this function' is impossible m such dimensions, and an island, moreover, :Withont trees. .; It is simulated, how- . which-permits the lover, to say nothing about what is going- , forward,-, and -winch compels every other person of good taste to .pretend not to .know. The lover, figuiaUvay speakmg,. buries hisheadin the Heligoland sand, audliis friends, who know . that, one day; " they - may theinBelveB-.have • to .y the ostrich; pretend not to see him. • After : wedding breakfast, the company set off arm- - in-arm over the whole.island." The longevity of the eislanders is very remarkable; ;and;. nonarians ate a,.good deal more plentiful- than . hemes.. Theyare also more plentiful than rabbits, m respect ,of which the place has been, grossly maligned. , r People in England wh9 know nothing of Hehgoland are m ihe -habit of . trying to show that they know, i callrng it amere rabbit warrep: It * once overrun -by these -pests, but they-hive, been all "out oxiermniateii, and a rabbit ou the . ' • sand dunes ' is-now a cimositf.-. The greatest attraction; of -ithe ishort season is the illumma- •tion ij>£ "the coasts and. csyes, which - takes placs".. in August. The sight is said to be one of mde- ;scribable?beauty,: "anS- it is witnessed hy nearly ' the whole- population, :who. row .m processioni; from paint t.o point, ; headed bv the police.?boat • ;-B barge. -The police eare £ apparently retamed'f or this' duty alone, -for they have JlittJe .to-do-ut any other season 'Bf-15the 'year-- ; --T^ everyhody has mhis imndttie per lecf. inventory ofihisneighbtjurTs'goods,; v-and^besidesiithereis;. noipossibibtyiof-concealment.or.ijscape.-.iA the same reus oil,, no one iseverarreBtcd. 'j'lie offender-issimply'toidto ixionstitutehunselfa ajjSs'oii&'iiana'She S.t>;-oncs igoes tto ! the . ,Bma3X,> ^r:Boh7^gs%p'the%arder.":^3idJa^tohe:put.;. nndS: iocL afibPkey". So rah ihe "beautiful 'legena-.'anasBO'.inay -it---iunforevei'f'-35i;fiiti5ie> 'ietiSoSnanv^^sJtoiptott.'happy'iontiJ 4e ®as. - -yisitedarehgoland >i 1 i ''''- ° " ! " '*"""'" A lode of Sliver ore has-been discovered (n the bed of the siyei Doriete, in South'Bussis., HrhiBb. ;a'3aiaio:contaiii:45per.-cent.-o example seven years ago. 