BALLARAT EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The week of united prayer, as observed throughout the world, was brought to a dose in Ballarat by a Communion service on Friday night, in St. John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street. Members of nearly all the churches were present, there being up wards of 400 communicants. The Rev. if. 11\. Muekay presided, and assistance was rendered by the Revs. E. \V. Nyo, C. Cameron, j. Beck, T. Scolt-Millar, \V. Hunt, F. Masnu, H. \V. Westmore land, J. R. Currie, and T. Porter, who preached the Communion sermon. The singing was conducted by Mr Johns, with Mr R. Thompson as organist. The service whs commenced with the hymn, “Rock of ages,” being one of a selection provided for the occasion hy the alliance, after which the Rev. E. Y\\. iSye offered prayer. The cnairmaii then read Isaiah iiii., and another hymn was sung. The R'v. Dr Porter preached from the woids, “This do io remembrance of Me.”—Luke xxii., 19. It was shown that among the tirst impressions made upon tiie human heart by the JEloiy Spirit is a sense of the divine love to fallen man, and hy as much as mail yields himself to the Holy Spirit for teach ing this sense of the divine love glows upon him, until he sees it on every page of inspi ration, aud realises its truth in all experi ence. It is God’s will aud wish to impress our hearts with the fact of His wondrous love; so it is written—“ God commendeth His love toward us, in that while we were yet simiers Christ died for us.”—Rom. v., S. God uses tiie richest of our words—richest in the suggestion of love—that our attention may' be fixed upon the fact of His love. Take this as an exiitnpic:—“ Like a3 a father pitieth his children so the Lord pitietli them that fear Him.”—Psalms eiii., 13. Or this: —“As one whom his mother comfortetii, so will I comfort you."—lsaiah lxvi., 13. The whole of the life of Jesus upon the earth harmonizes with these statements, and nowhere more fully so than in the events of that night in which He was betrayed. Love delights itself in service; nothing is more painful to love than inability to help. This may be seen in the fact of Christ weeping over Jerusalem. (Luke xix., 41.) Hence He whose love has breadth and length, depth ami height, passing know ledge (Ephesians iii., IS, 19), gave Himself, that night especially, to comfort and help His mourning followers. Let U3 uot forget that He had perfect knowledge of the events that were immediately to follow the institu tion of this snored supper. The shadows of Gctliscmuiie and of. Calvary were even then resting on His pure soul; still, so great’.vas His love for Hi3 disciples that every thought of His heart and mind seemed to be only for them. Tnis is in harmony with the testimony of the word of God, and perfectly consistent with what are known of love’s doings. Having spoken of the spirit that prompted the institution of tills ordinance, let me now suggest a few thoughts in connection with the institution itself. First it is monumental. To every one regenerated there is engraved on this loaf and cup, “ Sacred to the memory of tiie Lord Jesus,” “This do in remem brance of Me.” Asa monument it com memorates the death of ChrLt for us| “My body broken for you.” Monuments arc evidences. The statues of Burns aud Moore in Sturt street testify to the fact of there having been such men—if tile men hud never iived these mouuments had uever been erected. They are there because men believe that they lived and did service that commands the respect am! admiration of their fellows. On the monuments erected to the memory of Burke and Wills in Melbourne there arc tablets depicting . certain circumstances in connection with the expedi tion that cost them their lives. They are there because they represent facts, and everyone who views them believes that events so pictured did occur. Ho would he an unbeliever indeed who looked upon the monument ami denied that there ever lived such men as Burke and Wilis, or that they perished in their attempt to know and make a way across our continent. In like manner is lie an unreasonable unbeliever wiio, look ing upon this monumental loaf and cup denies that the Christ lived, nr that He died for men. So monuments become argu ments and evidences for facts. This institu tion of the Lord’s supper is as a monument an evidence and an argument for the truths of the Gospel of tiie grace of G al. This leads me in the second place to say that the Lord’s supper is a symbolic institution. Baptism and iiie Lord’s supper, both of divine appointment, are alike in this, that they symbolise the groat and essential facts of the gospel; and we may say that he who believes the facts so symbolised, be lieves all that is necessary to hi3 salva tion, and may I not add, will be recog nised as orthodox among all true believers. There are crystaliaed in these two ordi nances of the church of God, the trinity, the divinity and atonement of the Lord Jtsu-; justification by faith, and condemnation to the rejectors of the gospel. It will be ob served by-all present, maybe, that the facts of the gospel bb' given hy Raul, 1 Cor. xv., 1-4, are uot all symbolised by tiie breaking of bread and the drinking of wioe. Tins is true, but these do declare the fact of His death. We need something to bring out the fact of the resurrection which is au important part of the Gospel, as | was fully recognised hy the men who on the day of Pentecost weie filled with the Holy Ghost; and under His power with great fre quency witnessed to the resurrection of Christ from the dead, Acts iv. 33 Now he it observed that on the first day of the week th->. disciples came together to break bread, Acts xx. 7- Tiie first day of the week is the resurrection day, so that when the disciples met on that day to break bread they per fected the symbolic teaching of the loaf and cup. Let me further add that the practice of tiie primitive Christians and the associa tion of the day and ordinance will justify the chinch in all ages in observing the first •lay of the week as the day most suitable for the public‘worship of God. In the third piace, Ipt me invite attention to the place this institution had in the worship of the primitive church. “They came together to break bread.” It is added “ Foul preached to them,” thus indicating that the object of their gathering was to break bread, and can we wonder that the dying command of the Lord Jesus by whose stripes they were healed, by whose deo'h they had l.fe, should have such importance in their ayes? lam aware of the fact that some insist upon tiie weekly observance of this ordinance because these of whom Luke speaks probably did this, hut this is to in troduce an elotneuc of legalism that is offensive to Him by whom came grace and truth, Jesus said “ As-.ft a3 ye do it;” “It is the spirit that prontrtli.” Let love for the Saviour prompt the obenieuce. Let us nor- undervalue the ordinance; if so, i: will be to the prejudice of our soul’s truest interest. God’s spiritually minded children have always realist and the break ing of bread as a precious means of grace to the soul, and no wonder, since when rightly observed, it awakens memories that flood the soul with joyous emotions. Paul says—“ Let a man examine himself, aud so let him eat, for whosoever eatelh aud drinketh unworthily eatetli and drinketh condemnation to himself.” Many pious souls have feared to approach the table of the Lord lest they should bring con demnation to themselves. Is it not likely that they fail to understand what Faul means hy eating unworthily ? There is a cense in which we use the word of which it is true that tiie more unworthy wo realise ourselves to he the more worthily we partake; surely this is not the sense in which tiie Apostle uses the word. Paul clearly indie ites his moaning by’ the added woids, “not discerning the Lord’s body.” These Cor inthians had sadly turned the observ ance of the ordinance from the pur pose of Him who instituted it, until they lost sight of the Lord’s body, and made of it the means of fleshly indulgence (s-e 1 Cor., xi., 20, 22). The preacher concluded by praying that the Lm'd may add His blessing, and make the eating and drinking of the ein'»lemB a means of strength to the souls of all present. The elements were then distributed by the ministers present, a solemn awe of the Divine presence pervading the congregation. The closing address was delivered by the Rev. F. Mason, who en larged upon the importance and hl-sseduess of believing in Christ, wile had been clearly set forth in the bread aud wino. The dis missal liymu and the bam'diutinii brought to a close a service which will oot soon he for gotten. ' - 