I O3CNFIRMATION SERVICE AT ii ST. JOSEPH'S C|]URCOH, IENALLili pro' iosy indje by tliv?ty| "D.eain .Davy, a c.infirmtion servici' was per formad iii St. J o:'phi's Clhuich, Bnlallia, Is yestrday - 'IThu,':dy. Tile chtsacl II wrsrowtded w-ith prnplh,soverial oft hlse II who were preseit ttoilig representactives Sof ]?ro'cstant clienominitions. S As is usually ldonet o, suchl oceasions, , iiss wimsce.cbratdl lirst, tlhu snto being Sperformed hy t lheiTov. Futlier yrii, . lD)i. f vilne service lhaving tbeen perfoirmed, ] H is LTotdshil,, the Ilish , p of Sundhul st I -the ]ight Hiut. Di. Hevile c-ceiai forthandl addres-ed the 'children botht t on thntureof tlhe Sic'nitllltit tlhey were aIblinlt to receive, their spiiritual obliS'l Sil,ts anld Ithle geeral itmpol't'lce of ilt., occ:tsion. lio tlhen woutnd up iby SIa'ingi :-- "After ;ccviing this Sacra imnit you viill b,.hound to prove yout' llh'gii eeto (tGod by Ieing careful of your clhrge, by ynu olpiriLtual lidelily, i id by hei,.i f. ithful ti o the variouis du ties yeutr hich t eligiiii intposes upon you. I feel that you will dlo so-tltt iyour co:itluct Iiencforthi will co?'rc; potd iithl tile spirit of grace, ind that you n ill walk in the footsteps of youri fatliheris and yo'ur plrcnl[ t aid thus iior. yourselves igoold clhillten of Codl, so tlhat I hen you are ellelld lupon to fill your pliiec ini -leaoven you will cl joy nevertrtding lihaplpiness. In ilrdu; that you maiy now r ictiie this Saciramenit you wiill Ilhrv to go dlowl ott )yo' kneeics anltd cly an Act of Con trition." 'J'hi chlilldren, nccordingly, fi'll uipon their kliees iaiu thel Siacramenit of COitimcation Oat thun aihminisleted lv His Lordshipi. A moreu interestilg group coulhl jut Ie sccl-theigirlc wecre !illsl dressed in white, whilst the boys w'r'e tastefully land neatly altired. TIi'y were sl well prepared f'or the occaisiolr-ii n-sp:iTitur-rl smen se---ioreoa stance hich was nitinly due to theI energies of the Very Rev. Dean U)avy, Iwho was gi'etly assisted in his work by the lvr. tIlliuther IyrineI, and bylJ. MrJ. . I loh.ney, headl teat- heri of thle loal Slolmtnt Cat Iho:ic school. SlavinLg adnitnisti'ced (he Stierittnt - of CoIhirmtiiCnI, His Lordullip atd ldressed his cn,,grigaition thlus.--l My dceii tlitheit h s? ycit hIt to. a lteilv b.'ei i, g od while in (he Church, I am u Itit goting to tiltin you mluch longFt' . 'Ilhe three lter.ons of the iltdorable Trinity soim to unite in gitig is truths of I iri. greait ioo noidl divinitiiy. l i thi first 11ce we ihave God thle Fither.. Consitlder the dignity to whlichli 1 you, children, ihave beoen ratisled byI this g-itt ,tt'el'crnt irt of regitucetation. We v iro all the chiiltrtn of :r.cd, nod as - rsuch w h?eb arighttool~ey the trachis.,, y of his tdivine Iw. 'I I is w o..i If th(y grentist l.ays in .i.ur lie, nti I c:u sure you will alwaoys lo,!k tuck to it g with feelings of sati-,.;elion, cs;lnei Alutiglity (todi has goile into your ft hearuts,, the liice e,'r.onis of tl i Adoratle Triiliity eng:gig leto inIvest Lt you witl Spirl citual grace. Imim slue that l you':wil show yourgrati tudebyci'undeioir I inig to be smore duliful tlhi' -you Ihave lbris ; tand I will "tow ask' those whol, have i'ee rvd'tl its gi'estt E lIeratCnuit to take the Iptlsdgo -tlhose unllder 16 yes of lge li I they L ire 21 i:?d those .r Lthat nge fol' it period of 5 3 yi'ars. [ inyi)' '.explthtii tlhat this is at olst - serioiis oblligition. Tlhire is to respectl for. a person, for example, who cannot keel'p the proullses hie Illkes to his neilghblor; and I think yoni \will all agreie ti ilithere cuii I.e very little respect c'ilihr for it p rSonl wlto kites' such it pl tlgln ilsI Ihis on such It tllllci occasion nlld tLlhel fails to keep it. 1've tt lId you of thie ulity tIllt rsxists bhotlcn Itho ithree divine poel sousz of the adoraillle Triniity. lcllholdl the Islnation thatll exists beOtweet .its. Think of the first pei'son--.-lo i our Flthelr, nul woe io ilis.chillhr'en. ILe is coll sliuitly s'watel iug over us to provide for our 'nectsitiiso. :' It is 11ie wolo Ihs brought us ilta 'existence anld lie who prese'rv'es us versty iUomient of our livies; nndl it is lie who itill withdraiw us whlen i thinks iitl to do so. ITert', tl!h n, is ii proof of tite g?eattcss.of the first., person and lihe love of the lblessed tinity. You halve also manlly iproofsiof the divinity of tlho secotld p:T'eoli 'ou liave itll that lie cainio ilnto .this ivaild, issui'ted clur nist ilre,beacameloiieofouriseles-one J l o. sullIlredl llistsclf tlols scotiuredtLotsitisfy_, t Illto jsticoofl-Its Eterttl 'itotherl . Y'ou knowI tl. tos the 33 yeciars Ie espelnt ill this worild I-s whole objectlIcr wits to t tllch its, so that ly 1J is good txsitnple Sworiught establish tll m cnti to Ihfit i.l \- lheriti:ls? fi'o which swe htsve Len crsatedl--low, during Ilis life, lIe he. i stowed all sot is of favouris going nhout Sdoing good, lal its the lloly Bible t1 (lls ils, performlilng the greateiti'st of mirneles out of colllllpasl i ln and relief for thle sulltb'rling tien ad wolnment lie et l during his titvecls. Yolu tilteo kt.ow, 3 dlear ire' hire, how 1o wats finially t seized by his einemies aul a 'coulrged San tl afte'rwards di('ld.niledt to It clos. i ]ut, beforeo tleaiog us, Ile invent'tled it means whertihy Ile could dwell namongst Susi, notwithslianidigll ti that wassnuid by r the false ,tnl cruel mncin who goti. id it him'. 'This is the gr'eatlest iproof Ili Scouill givo us if 1i is lo\ve for ius, fori it is iir.thing snsirn thi an it ito iplei of s H-is - dotrail chlistitin soul tild tdivinity ; tnd to-dhiy whlein tl.c stlernitce of the Mass wais being cell'e'i'ld un we lhai the honor of bieig in thli presence e I of ithatiL sue Coll swho r'eledem'ted you i nud who will cnie dly comeio to judlge you. B3ut wliy did HiI comle dotwn on Ssihisallar to-day ? 11e was here to give e I proof of tilhe interest lIe hltlh iii 'your w,,'iu're iad lih' wts heri is ?tidl,' . u that Ilit tighillt itutke.l k.nown to you Ith'st' bleteiigs so hisch ti I lni ilx n ii i inuel n nieedl of, lnd not on'ly is lic here to1 lti eso s glrset irscs with a geeilusil ia and lvi-h Land, iutl to lhet' the ,- i'ayrs of those wsh' , wish to gl tvo spirituil con vers't ilth int , I;ut lie is hero to unite your coulss ai.d give you tint tuitlglic feod whllich, is gra.ce and sltrl lirlth,"is I:.ciss"lry for yeou to have in old, I..itotistte ptitill,lud .so sunl'd you gilitnst the ?slti?g5is by which . you.ri'o sturit< unded.t Aniid, as lit tells 'us ,liuself;-" unl , eit` . 'nol hlivo life iti yoiu. - Bes then, ll're s tlito of ti t:'tilts of the h've cf the" seconld persolit of Ihet I essetI Trinity. W\e i't chlild iii of (( 'tI ie. Sfatheritltl briothlilis of tJesus Cihrist. ''To-day you, dea'r childl're, Ohlo Ihale I . ceived Confirmationlt ort yourl fritildS i\\\ o dihl so in dltays gOllU lby, lhad,s i proof of the conifortsof the thlisid letso of the Aidorble Trisity, for you nIetohl thatl wheil you rt'ceiv\' Contlirnlatitoi a you reccivesollseoft he chief gifts of tt1 foly (Ghost. The Holy ChoSt cnmie into our hearts wheutn a were tsluti i-ede; tutld trust we hisvte iovers' lost l.nt whics:h Iwins bestoteicd i iloll us Jt dwells wit hin out itu its ns lonlig Is le ikeep ftrom lisorttl siiin: lehotl the privilegels we is'e.jy !-- the l dignity to whith wIe have blee'itt Iis i tl s livingl teipl'es of thie Holy GOitost, who lii.s in our h slil'tioltgt swgswlerenltin united to hosit i: 5d the divint tissisititice we receive by htaptiotii iad iy conlit nsitious both combinie It make its good ehildien of (lot, itdtl supp!'y us r.buindlntilt y with thie strengtllh ill grit e nic'stcel''y for uis in theu vtarious statiolns i.f life which A intighltytod p!ntcesu it i. '1i I as' ire ill I.eressrllty for es, bec?tiuso wre its ev\'Oe' siur.oOtiedil by i(ttipgesis iid lt l's lliei tilw'nys cii the I ok oIut to sur'pr'ise us \--to iilmake us Ih' . victims oi thleir si.inIIes land to rab us of thalt illltlitnnce i hich is within our' retachl. We siustS lnot, Iltherefoie, by ourt' ntions tlelile this 1holy tlemlplo o o. which .1 siln allid iu, ibut by guolo conduct worstk togtlher Its illmlntners ofl. the ltruit chlllrch, and thus liunite oil'soulisiti I milnds with its graices. I hope that in order to show youti' attniclimelltt to y-our religion ansd to your lchuirch yout will not forget to praiy tmorn'iniig ld- tnight, that y'O will assiss ait thu holy stl!iliceoof thsl rmss,-tso-that- by tlih.ilttietis; y'trwilli iecee tlilth' spititull fodsl whici is so i.'ssttiiail to 'our hlnppiness indtwithoult s\ licih it 'is iliiposoileil to heietlit either yousi'elvesrc or yobur childi'tn.' Itn lspek ins to )'ou, lly slUo i' chilisrch , it hI ,rti cultil I hops thai it is ou g3.ow ulp syos will sllow your gpulitiiu;d to t our' prl icllts fot' till slthl)'llstlote f.Ols yo, ? lud tlhut you--ien to--will esisls-is'ui', in ili it, to diiichinite sits: o'erous duties lwhi,: sltrolvl uposn you tottlir1ds your cl:ltlt'es Sy istiltottinlg 5e itl cevly Clhrisilia duLty so Iltit wilisi tLieRy hliive gtowics to tmtilltty they v ill ioe ibl~s to Ieceogilist the s ciious oblitatio they ow0 to those who conie bis:liisl themi, lut I iti sulr'e, dear clhildt'enl, that you will ploeo youi' gratitude, thist o0t will lshow you re nIooed soldiers of tis \--silwaiys irosl t1 of tlht clhuis cli to \vhiclI 35ou beloslg, liy pli'lCtitsiig the g'icti sluties which illUe (soit's' ct'd with yoIli' high religion, itlld thit li ou sill itllcke gool citcit:eis its sell, so thutL by reet ir ilig tllhte piiviileges which siIo iresrn'td fitr Ihi fnithful you wsill ctljoy islpiness it hecivn, whIichi I shtll tuk' llthis oppi'sltuinity of Iholpiltg you sill tis titisld sill, sy? tees' brtotltei,, 