LEONARD LINDSAY; THE STORY •R, OP A EUCCAXEER. BTKOajrs OF PEEvrotre cuAPrEBS. ANGUS B, BEACH, Tiprwiard l-misay, the narrator ol tUis story of tbe seventeenth century, introduces himself to the reader as the son of a Fi£e fisherman, who has taken, to tbe sea as his profession, and in 1672, bem? then twenlytwa yean of age, has cliippfd ' in toe Golden Grove for a Kjediten&nata; voyape. "Waile in t'ss Hay of Biscay Leonard fulls overboard from aloft in a gale, the ship's fore-topmast being •ousiedaw-iy. On this he supports himself far a dar or two till picked up by a paatvoal Freuehfelucca bound for the West India. Finding th it the captain of this vessel n^aaB to sell him as a slave, be, •with the ass stiaceof*nBn^IisbEaUorn«med Wright, Resiled ou account of the part be had taken in the '•rawiilion of Coaries I.), eacipea vith arms and provisions in a small boat when tha felucca nears tSe American ipast. Be comes asross a. " Bnocanser" 48ttisment in time to warn it of an impending attack bom Che Spaniards, wfciehis repulsed. Ze jtrats the Dnccaneer brotheadiooi, vhoGO. ace many -Bnglirtimen. and meeis with manj- etzsags adventxiees. WLi^ Leonard ie airay onaeanoeexpeditioa, ihe Spanish return, attae^ and captnze the nettletngnt. after « screre battle, and complete) y route tad diepeifie the Bucaueera. CHAPTER VL ssnr tub beidLt feveb or the coast rjk=rExs OK KB. Such was Hie history of the treacherous Spanish attack which destrovel die settlement of the MarmouBefcfce!- .. Oar first cue was to learn how the partf we had n^t . -»»ith wmta atooliB^^Leteat Jras oar, de 1 l»Ting- beea brought into tiw>«rood». Be»dV there was atHindnnoe of rnnnnnitihn. After at short oiBsuliatum, is sraa deasnused to -take the cmoe, and allh'ragli oar number w-iTild eamewiutt overloid her, to cross to die other side of tie bay, whore wo "had moro ^itirity against being molested. Having' tJirrtfot© carefully looked to onr piooae, *e tluaboed down the bank, and standing b/ the canoe, unanimously iaresised Stoat Jem with the command if the eipeditio-j As the Indians nied the paddles most dextoroanlr, ther wew set to work to propel as, and «rtth Stout Jem far steersman we set out. On oar way I began to experience * drowaimew, •wiiieh I hmd befare felt, bat immediately «hecked. Xow, howerer, the seoaatioa, «norai&iy; Indeed t« one of' impending •tapor, be^an again to oretpower me. Iff ehin fell apoa my chest, and I had littie Wtehes of disturbed sleep, in which cnrioin aasfofied ideas, and odd combinations of voids and things, seemed to float into my hrain, and whicfc, vhea X etarted tip again, whieb I would do errery xnmute, fled away Eke phantosis, bo that X could not tor iny life reoanber what I had been dreaming of the moment before. All this time I whs inwardly nrged to epeak, I faave notitiog to eay, but still something farced my tongne and lips to more, and all at once 1 called out— " Is that a blaok oorby on the thorn-bash near the boat's grapnel f" At this extraordinary speech the English, men in the canoe tamed stuup round to me 9sd Etont J em asked what I meant. At bis voice all the dreamy sensations left me, and I felt myself blushing np to the roots of nv hair, and wondering what X had said, forJ. remembered not a word. " Here,'' wild Stout Jem, kindly," b wallow tfeis, my good boy; and he held me a great 4 flask of spirits. 4 You hare been breathing QTer-maeh . marsh fog on an empty Spaniard stomach, yet." but you'll live to pay off • Jack - I took the flask and held it to my head, when suddenly the greasy leathern bottle appeared to swdland lengthen, until it seemed a puncheon which I held. A carious nerroas felnig came crawling- over my limbs, and my breath grew thick, and my eyes The first taste of tbe brandy hmiiJrnd these sensations, and the cordial marvellously restored me. " You must somewhat when, tto go 1 ashore," said Nicky. 1 1 am ravenous; and ; then we will consult on what we can do to take oar revenge." " No, no; no eat," said Blue Peter, the Mosquito Indian; " sleep mosh, sle«p good, smoke pip?, "and deep cool and long." But 1 felt so much better that I folly intended to make a good dinner. We landed m one of the bushy coves which abonndin die frith of the Marmoosette, and which could not be seen by tbe Spaniards on tbe other bauk. Stout Jem then despatched the Indians tb hunt, and ordered the rest of the party to .-i -d in building a hut. NIcty and myself, bonrcrer, were so weak bom want of fjoJ, that we were excused; sod the Dutchman, having some biscuits and smoked beef in his pocket, generously cave ns enough to make a good meaL Meantime, Stout Jem, Black Diamond, and Meinheer were actively at work. " They bad two hatchets and their long knives, and with these they felled and prepared sufficient wood for their purpose, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with the skill of eroerienoed foresters. Kicky and I were then set to work to pull a quantity of •oarpe long grass which grew upon the beach, for beds; and one of the Mosquito men re • turning, he kindled a fire, and began to cook the hindquarter of a fine boar which he had rihot in the wood. Meantime I was pluckingtbe grass, sometimes sitting by tbe seaside, for I felt w aak and ilL The food X had eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed strangely, and my ekin was fevered and dry. Then these horrible wandering thoughts began to come again, and I squeezed my head with my hands, as thonpfa I could thus drive them Sometimes I thought I felt again the hot_ wnwl' vapour cieVening the air; then tho sea-breeze -fanning, me, X would tear tbe clothes from my chest, and put back my long dank hair- to let tbe blessed cool wind play freely on me and cool my seething blood. All at once I taw, under the shade, of a genipa tree, a tall stoat, man, who stood motionless, and watched me. ~ Deeming- him a Spaniard. I would have shouted out, ^but ' my tongue refased to -obey me, and tjzrning hot and .dry, rattled its it were agaonst my I toeli, while ho Bonnd bot'a lowhiEscouldX »nn. Still the figure stood there; W now face of the ^etranger, and X saw ttst it was Walshe. with Us great c^ea gamig atme, jnst as they ^and whan the rose in the mangrove canal, and pnHed him-down teneath his crunching teeth. I tttood trembling and faying to pray. THie featnres were livid and bine, aad tbe sank and upcesmonksa, yet horbright. Just at this moment of the last puffs of the sea- *he trees around, and the mnligiit foiling in a different stream, and ahequered by other branches upon the appe&rmice;, the face gradually seemed to change, feature after feature melted away, until tbe agonised countenance of tbe nnfortanate •Saawn was gone, and, instead of it, tbeis jwmained the masave faatores and jiensive gravityof mr preserver<m board the F«ai=htem—Wngbt Justtheuthe weapon, which I bad formerly observed to glitter, moved, and l saw tbe figure beave np a great broad aace onbns hand, and jKHst to a with the Other. Jjt was. indeed, fee regicide, with the «mblem and the instrument of bis deed. • Making a Huddien cgort, I burst tbe leaden bands whidi seemed to confine me, and with » f^ngeconrage, nutbelfonrard. As I aid cue phantom gxew dimmer and dimmer, and when X placed my hand nporn its brea^ ,1 fdt bat the gnaried liark of lbs genjma faee, whikt the axe, at tte same inktant, aeoned to becanw a bandi intb rlnrtprmg ^he wind. -X gieir ••">«!,•- mv Goar- j i'WJ ' granfe mad i. Myh^n is whJiBn^. ind jpy: mefnsllut^^Hiich «mnat I?-«od ao X aai& iqMmlbe siDona and mbbed. -Bne- ' ^'' mazuoed M-JHK&i; fevnMi atbiek,'- I •• «hoi^fat. wOLcetamand t q r t o " Itwa^however,*" \- amved ait tbBbnt/^l(VIiyb«Mt as the voices at my car appeared to come bom miles away. £ wsa Mas placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward aide of the hut, and after that I remember little more of what happened during three nights and three days. Only X know that my sufferings were very great; that ray mind appeared to ramble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, X would seem to be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. Tbe sua would ahine, and the corn rustle, and the yellow broom by. the burnie'a banks email sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. X was, ai it were, seared, und the sources of pleasure dried up. X saw the forms of people I loved, but i could speak lo noue. I saw my mother eitfcing on a sandy knowe, resting her head upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. But when X would embrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Thai, perhaps, iu my delirium, X would fancy I mt at aaa; sometimes it was in the old fisher- brat the Boyal Thistle. No wind wanld atir, the- sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and tbe boat would tie' moveless as though nailed ro tbe unstirrinir ssa. Suddenly my father's eyes would look into mine with a loa^ wan stare,, and. ao would we tit glaring at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, wMa months, and years, and age*, would appear to come and go and bring no change. Anon the mood would alter. Then. X was on board the old brig Jean Uiioptwe, with a .merzy breezesight s* we worked gallantly seaitords. But . Ate 'scene would atraightway change to" a furious storm in a mid winter night, with tlie foam of tbe sea and the 6now-flakes flying together. Then round the light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, staring into mine —faces with shaggy, antique beards like tbe ancient sailors of Sir Potzisk Spens, long, l og sleeping in the wild North Sea; and so surrounded bytheso fishy eyes of hapless dro ira«d mariners, I would feel the g»)oi brig eeem to founder beneath my feet, so that X woald start stru^liug ap from my bed of gross, crying out that L was drowning—that the boiling waved , were chokiug-me! This was my seasoning fever, as they called it ; and, (bough it did not last long— thanks to tbe good treatment and the medicinal herbs of the Mosquito men—it left me passing weak and helpless. X Mcoyered my reason all at once, as one waking- tram tbe stupor of a deep deap.' My hiir had been cut close, -and my head was tied round with freshly- ploctied pliuntain leave, constantly drenened with water. X lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze ou every side, and as it contained but ous bed more, I guessed that it had been given up tor my use and that of my partner, Nicky, aa indeed it had. Looking around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which X concluded that the Spaniards bad departed, and. that my comrades had been able to recover Borne of the Wreck of their property from the ruins of their habitations. And this, indeed. X found afterwards to be tbe case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious languor, and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever had thoroughly left me, and X felt thankful and devoutly glad- Presently X distinguished tbe well-known smell of tbe smouldering- firs of fli" bontsan floating into tbe hat, and aoon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms-and grimed hands, entered; his eyes sparkled when he saw me so much reoovered, and presently catling tbe' rest together, they all shook bands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for X bad forereachod on the marsh fever, and would soon, be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. 1 grew vary hungry, and, being' well fed, regained ray -strangtfi -fast, ao tbat, two~ or -three day* after tbe fever left my bloody I was abroad miffing the ixxd breezes of the sea. '-'v.-. Except two men—both French—who had joined when X was ill, none of tbe survivors of our original party badturned up ; someof them had no doubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to the' eastward, as, indeed, many previously intended ; bat we feared that upwards of. one-half of our comrades wera eithGr captives, who would be forced to labour in tbe mines of Cuba, or bad already—and the fate of these latter was more to be envied— died with their wounds, in front, giving battle tothe cruel fo«. Being little able to work for soma time after my recovery, and tbe rest of tbe partybeing engaged in tbe usual toil of banting wild cattle, and preserving- the meat by the boucan, it was often my habit bo take the' oanoe and proceed in her down toward* tbe mouth of uie bay, eo as to enjoy tbe fresh and briny breeze which came from tbe north-west across tbe ocean. To make these expeditions mora pleasant, I prepared a mast with a small log sail, such as tbe canoe oould bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the -scene of the late contest. I found nearly every trace cf a settlement destroyed. -The rode jetty was -all-bat demolished, and over - the ruins of ths.shattered hats, great crops of luxcriant herbage had grown, from which I often started and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests .in the holes and crevices which they found in abundance amidst the rains of onr huts.'. On; a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were row^ of little mounds, very green. Here onr poor comrades lay bnried. The Spaniards, it seeins, had interred their dead,- and on' their departure, which happened On -the day aftet l waa attacked with fever, all' w pa^ty bad gone across the- bay, and- laid the dfad- Bnccaneers beneath the mould.' TJpou th? bark jof ihe great ipeeX jriu a$ jSalni to oaiVe.- ttrdsa; ^ fto.-^tWgh (he «^pjbol-<in: ^ Encope be tbe mark, m : a c6%njrt and; tt ^aSww it^^ithear 1 *** ^Ja sjrtiSwi^^ CHAPTEBVU. I;- THE BDDCA1TESE3 'J'l BK OT^HE XXPS QX SHO^E,' msb sisxraaepm xbaa&nr; to BBL.' aidiing about the place, I. often (lis"-' covered little matters, which.I stored in thie canoe and brought to onr new settlement each as hammers, harpoons for ctriking^fi>ih,. fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas ; anxL twice X dug im .from the rulnsboxes <xm-~ taining seamen^ clothes, which were, very welcome to us alL In one i>f these trunks 'I discovered. some Spanish books, inrJnrlmjr a grammar and dictionary, and of these I fjantwnnd to avail myself, inasmuch as I at* that a knowledge? bf Ibis langnage might soon be of tiie greatest service to me. NeStber did iny companions, grudge that X thus apptied riinrb of my time to study, fsft none of miem'knew m<ne -fiian'a few wordaof Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of sharing , one at least of tbsir party conversant with that tongas. • . Thna, time passed away tolerably pleasantly. The,season YJbp tbe arrival erf the ehipe expected to load with the boocan prqwzed for lbem at tbe ^village , itm the east «de of the bay, having , passed and sons of tfaem appoariiig, we aondaM that Btnggbn Ccnn jmr. old' company had succeeded in iwAing tbaf 'wayr-to Jamaiaa, QDortngas, and other lri«ma<i,iiBd had infenned ltbe menshaats and adtttaRTOnr noi^On with ;ns wrh^ to ao .' The | tbe 1 ia ray cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to d»tb<sa justice, were very good fellowe, on this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jem to the death. "Say you eo, my boys?" cried the Dover mariner. f^-Tben so be it .; and what-I propose is thia.' IXera be nine stoat men of :is, for I count the Indians as good an white blood. ' Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruinud by these accursed Spaniards," eo I vote for the sea a^ain." This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft hi* bat. '"We have had enough of the shore this bout, mates," quoth he. " I want to hear the wind whittle through tarry rope* again, and feel a stout i*hip -dancing under my feet." "Yak,yah," saidtha Hollander. "We zaal be Zee Roarers once more;" and alt' the company flung up their hats like, onr leader, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was wall plen^d, for I felt I was a sailor, sad that I had ao business to be following a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting- bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing thsm ; and, although 1 had always cheemdlj takira my turn to watch the bouaan tire, my mind would offc-B stray away npbnihe" OCCftB , aad X would pant for tbe fresh sea breeze, and the dash of th« foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, he was tbat easy kind of - jfoing- caaa, that he , Vaa th. tiff and.«onl, a» w«R w thecaptain of our party,, was a wulur all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean Bea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of Urn . weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buccaneering trick for easing, of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the Dons. But before we eould go to sea. we must have a vessel; aad saving the canoe, which was liardly fit for a erniser, we were as unprovided as though we lived on the top «f a monntain. There was nothing therefore for it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards should eome in a ship to us, that islo-say^in such a small ship as we Could master,, and afterwards manage. We might indeed have not • fouad much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the coa<t; bit being acquainted with each other wall, we preferred in the first place to eaptore such a small craft as we oooM man, after wards making such' additions' to onr crdw as might from time to time be resolved on. In tbe meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare tbe Utah of wild' cattle and boars, eo that we should have a good stock of provisions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as X have said, alwaya fonder of water than land, X often induced tbe Mosquito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expeditions. and if they are foroed to allow a white man into the canoe, they will purposely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so relura empty handed. However, X being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever;' and losing no opportunity, by snchpetty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, be made no objections to my accompanying him- and his comrade in many of their expeditions. We used to start before sunrise. Blue Peter in the bowe of tbe canoe and Jack Sn the stem, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in tbe bottom. No Europeans X evlsr saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and enrdtyas tbe Indians on tbe Mosquito csast. Huy hold 1b» shaft of tbe paddle almost pnght, never touching the gunwale therenth or splashing 'rudely- in the water. On thtt wptrary, the brpan part of tbe paddle ^l^adMiina knife; and tbe canoe glides witb * perfectly smooth and rapid motion, eo that, did yoa not observe how fast the' water ripples "by,, you would hardly ' think you we» moving at alL -When pursuing' the manatee, onr usual game, the betal of the canoe was turned np the creek to the higher banks, where the shore -was sedgy end low, where the mangrovesreared their JiimnJ groves, and where.tbe watergradua^yb.wommgbeactdshandmuddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, tbe long narrow-bladed gross on which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless bsast, like a gnat seal. It is • misfortune for htm self that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes' very good thongs and straps, which tbe Buccaneers use for divers purposes. " Were it not ao, he might float unmolested in tbe warm muddy water, nibbling thestreaming grass, as the lazy current - carries his heavy form slowly up - and down tbe 'mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and. amiocaly jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into tbe river, or a squatting flock of wild-duckg rise with a whirr from the eedgy. Auriface of the neighbouring pool. But tbe poor manatee, being good to eat, muat enbuiit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to tbe feeding- ground which he loves, the TndianB would paddle with double cautien, and Blue Peter, whs was the striker; -would carefully examine his harpoon, and.see that it lay convenient to his hand. The epfear used for capturing the manatee is abontfeft. long. Th^.iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal", iB attached to the -thicker' end, and -to Hhe- other is fastened a circular knob called^ .the bobwood, round wbich is wound a- strong line, one end of wtueh is fast to the bibicood, the other tothe Irtii of the harpoon. ' When the weapon is 'fluhg-j the barb alone sinks into tbe creators a flesh, the staff taming- unloosed from tbe'iron, and-tbe line rapidly unwinding from the- bobwood, as the stricken creature dives in its ttpony and fear. Tho Indians then paddle after and having aeized ^ipaaMy wear oWt the- etrength of tbe garnet ahd, kill it.- . , * • • -1 shall not soon, foi^ret the first manatee ' * r«aw. WeembiWDed ia± eirly.dawn,. .*ood,"we into a narrow cree^ elippiAl- along ui perfect jtibnbe; listen as l wbtdid, I could not even 'hear the water at the canoe's .bow. her mould Was so perfect, and m steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of tbe water from tbe paddles as they were lifted alone made' a slight tinVling sound. The sea breeze had not yet bqgtm.to blow, and the sun came down scorcbingly upon the tangled iwood. and tbe green water, the surface of which glauccd. like bright, clear oiL Presently Bide Peter laid his' paddle noiselessly down, and took up tiie barpoon. X looked anxiously ahead, postered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of tbe water, th4e was a tangled heap .of eoaldng: grass and weeds. The kneeling Indian opnehed |s J^ he were a gravEn imkge'of dose, and I saw the floating and heard a grinding, splutter-: of a oow graxing. . Then tbe a finger of his left band, which \- ontstrebiied; bis oomrade saw tbe sign, and'* peculiar paddle sent the canoe alastnie wbeds. Aa ahe divenged Bine Peterstooderect, and am,. :Witb all ^be mttsdes knots and lamps of iron, darted t& harpoon, as it appeared to me, Into tbe icentze of the moving weed*. In- _ _ and, plunge, ftnd! rocked upon a whfch \- "" g herbage^-, feotbat I mm" ^terwbroad Jnown ^ sank again np&i.; -tajl tpafehing ap ihe" paMSkti' • move. Meiptiime T-itMd 'See- Ibe batpoon, for fit bad taeen r watet.' Tbe Mosquito men to Aaoh olber In fibtdr -owb to tbe Itokf* imd, uithni »lustily. About five minatos j elipaeA, when Bine Peter ttt- 'Bb!—thew»r' »*M pdtotad.1, looking Jn tba sanw dirtwtion, deocried tbe Staff the harpoon saeming to fly along the surface of the water, the ronud bobwood' .throwing up a foam 2ft. high. Then the Moequito-men pulled hard in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had ao much strength in them. The muBcles of their naked arms and chests strained . and swelled, the paddle-shafts crooked, and the canoe snemed at every et, jke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never see either harpoon or quarry; but, on a sodden, the motion of tbe former stopped, and it floated tranqnilly npon the water. Hie manatee, being fatigued, had sank to the bottom, and . fay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and hegain to pull npon the line. Immediately that the wounded cimtnre felt tbe mart, it started again. X caw tbe line vibrate and ftrefch out in a direction abeam of the canoe; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-saddle, swept the bows round . in |thc . direction taken by the m^I"! while Blue Peter fastened tbe line to tbe prow of tbe canoe. There was a jerk or two, thong!) tiot eo much as I expected, and straightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching' in the bows, signing to Jaw bow .tip ateer. " Far near a quarter cf aa hour ' did the wounded beast drag us through tbe water; sunietiinea so swiftly that tbejia^ whizfed'-|>astns—-sutoii changing-his eonme tag soddgnly, that -bad iwt timcsnpe • "S|ierfecti^ill bewcoldbave op — %v - wa^l^bisstnaagtbbeebbf(oinbim«Hit, w* haulednpon tine/?&i4; ^radnally vlosed wllb onr prey, whose blood was "now reddening the water. I pitied tbe poor creature, as he put his head above the .surface, and grunted and moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out .of his pain. Kipping: alongside of the carcass, Bine Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and pluogei, the manatee turned over upon its back, dead. We towed hitn ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off in search of more gatas of the same sort. But upon the whsjlc. I better loved onr fishing expeditions thxu the hunt of the manatee. The poor defenceless brute always inspired me witn pity. There is a meekness about his face which mores one. Hie makes no attempt to turn to bay or ahow fight; bat is slaughtered as unresistingly as a oalf, and the haunts he loved are the' muddy and unwholesome' canals amonir the mangrove swamns. But in spearing fish we often rowed down the bay to the rocky points and ledges of reef which formed the outermost home of the lagoon. There the clear,; blue sea, spangled by tbe merry strength of the sea-breeze, stretched inimitably out, and the everlasting surf flung aloft itd clouds of sparkling spray, higb up among the rocfe^ now and then givkig the buahen a taste of the savour of brine. It was in the still pools and channels, formed by break waters of rock, that tbe canoe was then navigated. . Let the seabreeze be blowing, and the surging 6wells be tossing in, as hard and fast as they might, there was always calm water behind the reefs—so calm and so clear ! I might think that X was looking into the swirlings of our trcut-pool in the Balwearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and tbe atrange eea-weels at the bottom, and tbe still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air. but a fathom down beneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff against the rough coral edges; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary buret upon the outside roof, the Mosquito men were < in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, bis black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he woald note every scollop in the edge of the jagged sea-weed, or every wavy; ridge on tbe bed of white sand, and Ins long thin fish-spear darting occasionally down Into the flood to be straightway drawn, bending - and' quivering, back with a noble fish, writMfig'- and floundering, impaled Upon the, barbs. Always npon' these expeditions , X . kept a good- . lookout seaward, ahd often mounted, pinnacles of rock that I might have the better view. Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently; set on board a small vessel slipping quickly down to tbe westward, or beating painfully to windward; but tbe barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of their character or country. During thitt'period of my eojoumin Hisp&niola; it was our custom to spend the evening together in .the principal hnt—that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round a great chest," Which served for a table, we smoked Oiir pipes, drank pretty deep draughts | of tbe rich .palm wine, and told in turn stories of onr lives and adventures. • The hut being 1 only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land-breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not nnfreqnently putting it out altogether. We eat npon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of etrage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted ; and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of tbe animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem,, being reckoned tbe head and commander of our party, sat ou a kind of settle for a throne, and tbe rest of as crowded as near tbe great (best as we conld, tbe. two., Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted cn their hams, and speaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for money," of which we had. none, bat for tbe carcasses of the cattle which we had killed and flayed; but as the play was always fair-and tbe dice, true, it-was generally found-that no one either lost or gained much in thd long- ruu. It was, however, tbe Btory-telling nights l loved {he best. Many of the tal<|s thai .told were indeed very vulgar' and . common, and on worthy pi being* "recorded, turning solely npon butcheries •••' of - the Spaniards at sea, and upon gre 8^ : v ®eaj»on8 of debauch, af^er.fi i^ii^safutjcruise, in Tortngas or which 4be Superstitious nature of sailors ftaosea to-^aieve aud "to . haarkmi greedily to. I heard many such histories both at" 'this time and afterwards, and X design to Soffit one ' here, not because I think it at all . credible, but because it is a jmy good specimen of the histories ..of ghosts, phantoms, aad other" supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to ifjth no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put tbe matter into the narrator's wards, of which, for an uncultivated seaman.- be had a good flow. Stout Jem called bis history " Ibe Legend of Foul- Weather Don," and to it I will devote the next (baptec. CHAPTER VXII. THE EE0B3SS OF FODTi-WElTKEB DW. Stout Jem told it thus :'— My story, mates, is a strange one, and I say rot whether it be time or false. X heard it in <tbe middle watoh, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, arid tbe arwnau who told ft to us, «aid, that ' when ha was -a' boy he sailed with tbs man to whom tbe thing hapin ja big ship which baQra from •. .Jhat the spirits of the dead walk the world—ay, S&d; nil tba seas —is a thing" I cannot say nay to. I cannot te& you that [ em saw anything of -tbe sort myaelf,,but credible manners and -bone pa^Mbec- mfn ibare* assured jne of things wb^da ham made iny mafrow creep, apd this baa* stand np, idl bristling out of my flesh; WiSlV thtt,-,*b®ut -OH *tofj. The •nabtowbotn the advuhtofre happened, was" * maw Ned Pnrvia, a mariner. It must be ;h sixty J^ars ago' since he sailed out of I poiS of £ondoa pa a trading wovsge to we coast of Guinea. Pnrida was then • jnoanksc,thflrel)«£ng little better than a year ainee he bad followed the aea, and this was bb first voyage abroad; he having nnder- S tame mbip of his uncie, a good old man, of a mQd dipposition, and well loved of the crew. Aa for Ned Purvis, be was a reckless ruffling blade, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and {treatlv loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to traffic for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks of Africa. " Having lost niaht of England, they had prosperous winds aud pleasant weather, and nought oocurrad until the seventh dav from that in which they saw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through the water and no more, for tbe breeze was but a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in it, so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that almost all tbe men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside; and yet no one had seen her approaching. Bat strange as that was, comrades, it was not so strange as the cat, of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in her. The stem and stem of tbe craft were very high, and'ended in curled bits of carved wood. ELer gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in sndh & way as yon may have seen tbe pulpits and choirs of cathedrals And abbeys, and such ~ and JPninco, and tha Ned Partis temembeteT afterwards, when 1m saw a gnat Spanish painting of Christopher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon tbe island of Hispaniola, that tbe admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after tbe fashion of that of which I am now telling- you. And the man, mates, looked as old as hu boat. He had on a hisrh conical hat, with a feather in it, and he; wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered ttftenn. Round his neck was a ttiif ruff. He had ml stocking*, and great tranches ef ribbon in bis shoe#. Tiie face of this ytrunge permm was severe and grave. Ee had no moustachois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and then he smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sueer; «nd his eyes shot a sparkling light, wbich was stony and cold, and from wbich raeu turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the captain, when, he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as you may have seen small birds ou the boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes prlitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the boat waved his aim, as a signal to those on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could prevent him, Ned flung a rope to the stranger, who Straightway caught hold of it and mounted on deck. " * Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. " The old man comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth he— " * In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship " Now, at the came of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange man started and shook; but he replied not. only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to bis boat, which was towing astern. Mer, said the old mariner, faintly. ' he will not be denied ; get hLi boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, but put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. "•Who are youF said he, 'and why should we take yoa or your boat aboard P " * Tou yourself asked me,' quoth the strange man; 'you flqngthe rope; but for that I should have floated past you. I never come but where some one welcomes me.' " Now. at this, Ned Purvis confessed that he felt like, a great sinner, and all tbe men turned round and looked first at him and -then at tbe Stranger. Bat Ned plucked np courage, and determined to give them all bold words. So he walked up to tbe stranger, and said— *' ' Well, I did heave yoa a rope; no true-hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer him rescue. I care little -what yon be. If you are oar fellow-creature, we have done but our daty in saving you ; if you be not, why, wb are honest men here, having no crime npon our consciences, and we defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between tbe masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as fool with barnacles and sea -weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the. captain went below, and tbe men stood in a group round tbe cahin, but they could hear nought of what took place there, aud presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark be was standing leaning against tbe main chains, wondering at the strange event of tbe day, when the captain touched him on tbe shoulder. " 1 Newy f says the old man, ' know you whom yoa have brought aboard into this ship ?' " ' Why, uncle,* answered Ned, somewhat taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we. find starving in a boat npon the ocean, more than a week's sail from land?' " ' Ay, newy,* quoth the eld captain, ' any man, but not any phantom r it is .more than a hundred yearn since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a rant; J* ' ' • " * Do you know him then, uncle r* says Ned; " have you ever seen him before P Ay, boy,' replied tbe old mariner; 'once, when I was a votrfh, 'he boarded a ship in which X eaOed, as be did onre today.* "'•And what did be?' aslced tbe young solemnly; " raised a tempest sucb as X never saw before, and had hoped, Mil now, never toseeagain.* •• 'Then, in tbe name of God," says Ned, clenching Ids fists, 'as I brought him on beard, 1 11 pitch him overboard, and HI begin with bis boat first.* And- so saying, be began to make fast a tackle to tbe curled prow.. " ' Hold, bold r said Captain Purvis; ' he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' " ' But who—who. in the devil's name, is he, uncle shouted Ned. " ' He is a restless phantom—a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says tbe old seaman, with his -voice trembling, aad his grey l«ir all dank with the cold sweat. ' was a crnel captain of Spain, who, holding a higb command in Hispaniola, wrought great cruelties to tbe natives, and even to Ids feUowcountrvmen, amassing thus, a great treasure, wbich he bnried ii one »f the small keys or desert islands of tbe Western Indies, to at length tiiis^»eerad to bave^am'ved.'and'in a stout Tend he set sail for the treasure island; bat on the Voyage a terrible fever fixed npon him,.and.having partially .recovered, he fonnd his memory eo pone that be oould not recal to his mind any signs by Which he knew either tbe island, or tbe part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, be woald continue to cruise for weeks and wec&* among the cluster called the Virgin Isles, to tbe eaatofPorto Bico—never .sleeping; sothey said who sailed with him. k length his crew lost pstieitce,. and insisted mfiaa tsbuainfr to Bupuiob; ; at this he fell into furious fitsof tage, bot at last, they being obstinate, he swota |> a aotatan oath that dead or aKve, he would sail the aea until bis ttsasote waseither foond and speot or placed for over beyoqad the reach of men. And tfaen, order<tng them ia put.out a boat, stepped''tobi lAaxd, aad they lefthim floating, an bondred^ years ago, ost aa we foaal him this] afternoon • " "But he has be«n seen tance," quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did not imow what to think of this story. " 'Twice that tknow of,* said his uncle, ' and once, I tell yoa, X saw him, and he came on board and brought tempest with him; they called him"Fonl- Weather Don," and learned men say he must keep his oath, in the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest tQl the terms of it be fulfilled.' " 'So be brought bad weather, dil he?' said Ned, musing. " * For the three weeks he was on board,' says tbe old man, * tbe blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the main yard. T " ' And what did be do all that timef cries Ned, again. " ' He sat in tbe great cabin,* replied the uncle, ' with his back against the ruddercase, end never spoke word nor broke bread.' •" ' How did be leave you?' was Ned's next Question. "'He rose one evening, justinthe twilight,' and ordered the captain to put his boat into tbe water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and. none, built by man's hand could. Bet that one *—and tbe old eaQor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one. bed of weed end bkrnades— .'but that one Heated like a duck upon the {Rsat bceaking eefc»; «nd presently, .with" 1 from ttexM<>aboariLbis«kiffr:We^ once or twicc riringr <« the tops jrreat se*a, and standing np jn (be boat: with his hands clasped, as one praying;" then boat and aO disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour tbe gale broke, the sea went down, aud we were again enabled to lay our proper course.' ' And what is Foul-Weather Dan doing in the cabin just now T says Ned. "' Sitting with bis back against the rudder-ease, * answered Captain Purvis ; and see—look there?' the old man added, and he pointed to the ea«t, ' look at that bank of cloud rising'from tbe ocean—there's th-; gale r enins'. Before midnight Foal-' Weather Dou will have all his winds blowing about him." 