Silo Data. From illustrated bulletin 19 of The Wis consin Experiment Station, at Madieon, de voted exclusively to silo-building, filling cropff lor the purpose, eta., we extraot the following! notes, indicating that there ia still room fort muoh farther investigation, notwithstanding the great amount ot attention devoted to the' subjeot during the last few years : '. The high temperature developed in the silo under present management means a breaking down and waste of food elements which should not be thua destroyed until within the animal body, where they could he utilised. How to prevent any mors heating' thanvia essential to make ensilage, if,'indeed; any whatever is neaessary, is a problem we' .have hardly attempted to solve, but whioh is ,aertainly of great importanoe if further pro-1 .gress is to be made. : The beat generated by the fermentation is an indication ot the losses occurring. We can .not expect to take out of the silo a greater or .even the same amount ot nutritive matter as' :ia plaood in it, but by observing all possible precautions tbia loss oan .be reduced to its, lowest point. , " Sweet ensilage ia produced neither by . wilting the oorn nor by allowing a day's fill _ing to heat up to a certain temperature before ,niore,is added, but to the fodder aorn having' .reached what m*y. be oallcd a natural state,1 and being leas.watery. There is danger of relying too muoh on; oorn.enbilage for maintaining the herd. If thiapraatioe is kept up we believe that serious . {results may ensue, for there is no single food' '.in existence whioh is entirely satisfactory for . any long period of feeding. v "The silo goes with high-pressure farm ing ; thopa who are satisfied to oarry no more oattle than aan consume the straw and : cornstalks usually produced on the lama,1 have little need of a change. The farmer who needs the silo is one who is carrying a; large number of oattle upon a given area' and needs more 'roughage' tor them. Before' adopting the silo many should change their ,«ystem of farming." : It' la a will known faot that the different domestio animals ot the farm all pull and eat' their grass in different ways. This is partly due to teveral causes, suoh as the pre dilection oi eaoh kind lor particular grasseB, and aversion to others, and also the arrange ment of the incisor teeth in the mouth, as well as the size of the muzzle itself. The sheep is one of the oloaest feeders we have ; in faot, with the exception of the rabbit and the kangaroo, it will eat a pasture barer than any other animal. This is, of course, due to the small bizo of the mouth, together with the predileotion for finer graBBes. Next to the sheep comes the horse in this respect, for, although his mouth is large, yet the faot that he has teeth above and below enables' him to bite close. It is very noiioeable in a' pasture where horses are alone, that they eat over the land very unequally. Some of Ihe " sweeter" spots are nibbled into the very roots, while other spots arn not touohed, but left rough. Oattle, on the other hand, have not only a large muzzle, but also the abaouoa of upper teeth, so that, of necessity, they cannot bite fine or close, and, therefore, wa find with them that their grass ia rougher and Iobs bare in parta than with the others. A person pretending to have seen a ghost, wau aBked what the apparition said to him. "How should [know?" lw replied; " I am not skilled in the dead languages." 