TRINITY COLLEGE WOMEN'S HOSTEL. laying op the memorial stone by lady iiol'etoun. The ceremony of laying the memorial etono. of the hostel which is being erected within tho grounds of Trinity College, and which will bo known as the Janet Clarke-buildings, was per formed on Monday afternoon, in tho presonco of a largo and influential gathering, by the Countess of Hopetoun. The building will be in the Gothio style of architecture, three stories high, with an imposing clock tower in the csntro of the structure, which will face to the Sydney-road.. Tho hostel is to bo built of brick, and will present when comploto an ele gant appearance. The cost of tho section which is now being erected will bo from £6000 to £6500, and Lady Clarke lias gene rously donated the handsome sum of £5000. Tho completion of tho building will, it is expected, necessitate an outlay of over £20,000. Sir Matthew Davies, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, lias given the sum of £2000 towards an endowment fund for tho benoflt of tho institution. Amongst the largo gathering which assembled yesterday afternoon wcro liis Excellency the Governor and. Lady Hopetoun, "tho Bishop of Melbourne, Sir AVil-. liam and Lady Clarke, the Dean of Melbourne, Sir Matthew and Lady Davies, Dr. Pearson (Minister of Public Instruction), tho Chancellor, the Vice-Chancellor, tho Rev. Canon Potter, the Kev. Dr. Bevan, &c.; l'rovious to the core- monv a procession, partly ecclesiastical and partly academic, left tho college for tho sito of tho new building, where a oommodious platform had been erected. A short and appropriate ser vice was rendered, tho musicnl portion being Led by tho choir of St. Mark's. The Warden (Dr. Loeper) read a brief account of tile history of the hostel, on behalf of the ladies' council. The institution from that day would take a place amongst tho enduring educa tional institutions of the colony. The Anglican Church here was the first to extend to women, who had so long suffered under unjust educa tional disabilities, the helping hand. In tho year 1883 tho authorities of the college decided to allow women students to atteud tho lectures equally with men, nnd the gravest misgivings had been held as to the wisdom of such a course. Bishop Moorhousc even was amongst those who doubted, but ho was soon won ovor. The ex periment had been tried with a suc cess that conciliated opponents and pro voked imitation. It had therefore been determined to establish a hostel. A house was rented in the neighborhood of tho college nnd opened as n hostel for women students of the University. Tho idea was new in Molbournc, and the difficulties encountered by the promoters were formidable, and amongst them was that straugo prejudice ngainst female culture which still existed in this lihurnl minded community. The lions in tho path, however, were despatched one by ono. The men students at Trinity Colloge raised a sufficient sum to defray the houso ront and other expenses for a time. Lady Loch's hamo had been vory inti mately conneoted with the movomont, and she lmd always shown how deep was her desire for tho advauasmont of women. Mr. Molesworth Groono also deserved honor, for he was tire first person who offered help towards the erection and completion of permanent buildings, whilst Professor Morris had also rendorod valuable support. Tho outlook wns now more encouraging than in tho curlier days of tho movement, owing to the generosity of LudyClarke in giving the sum of £5000 to help to defray the cost of the portion of the hostel now being erected, and which would bo known as the Janet Clarke-buildings. (Applause.) Sir Matthew II. Davios also claimed to bo allowed a sharo in tho work, and generously placed £2000 at tho disposal of tho council, so as to form tho nucleus of nu endowment fund. (Applause.) A warm acknowledgment was also due to the ladies of tho council, who had given their time and energy in promoting the welfare of their fellow women. The friends of the hostel woro now full of hope, but there wero obstacles still to be surmounted, they being still in debt. Melbourne was rich and also generous, and lie anticipated that the sum of about £1500 owing on the first-erected portion of tho building would soon be raised. Tho building would be opened during tho present year, and it was to be hoped it would then, with its furniture, be free of debt. AVithin the Inst fow days the council lmd secured tho services of a lady in every way suited to act as tho dircotress of the first Austra- , lian women's college. The religious service which formed a part of that day's cere mony must not be taken as an indication that the hostel was intended to ho confined to the use of Anglican students. That was not tho wish of cithor Lady Clarke or of tho governing body. Both alike desired it to bo tho homo of religion ns well asof learning; but it war not proposed to shut out from its benefits anyone on account of difference ' of religious belief. (Applause.) The ordinary religious observances of the hostel would bo in accordance with tho ritual of the Church of England ; but such of tho students ns objected to tho simplo Anglican liturgy would lio allowed to avail them selves of' a conscience clause. At the same time, it was hoped that tho number of students availing themselves of tho clnuso would not bo large. The requirements for physical education had nlso been seen to, for ou the advice of Lady Clarko a gymnasium was to he erected, evcu at the cost of a sacrifice in accom modation. (Applause.) At the request of the warden, Lady Hopetoun then laid the memorial stone. She said : — " I namo these buildings now in course of erection the Jnnot Clarke-buildings. I pray that true roli- gion and useful learning may hero for over llourish and abound, and I declare this stono to ho well and truly laid, in the namo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Lord Hopetoun said lie had been asked by Lady Hopetoun to offer to thorn her most grate ful thanks for the honor which had been done Iter that day in allowing her to take such a lead ing part in the interesting ceremony ; and lie desired on his own part to thank them for tho privilege which they had given liim of being able to witness tho ceremony. The institution which tiicy wcro thcro to in augurate was one which had been started by a woman, nnd it was chiefly owing to women that they had that institution. It was there- fore a fitting thing that the duty of declar ing this stono duly laid should have been placed iu the hands of a woman. (Applause.) They knew what a deep and intelligent interest our gracious Quceu took in all that concerned tho intellectual well being of her subjects. 'Tho Queen was a truo woman, nnd was in close sympathy with women. She was always ready to give lior countenance and support to ovory movement thnt could improve tho social status of woineu. (Applause.) It was, therefore, only his duty, as lior representa tive, to bo present at this gathering. Ho knew that this movement for the liighor education of women was not a oreation of to-day. (Hear, hear.) The warden had told them that good work liad already been dono in this direction. But up till now tho work hiul been more or lesB an experiment. To-day, however, tboy were convinced that the experiment had boon a success — (npplauso) — that the movement had emerged from its experimental stage, that it was now placed upon a sure and firm basis, and wns bound to Uourisli. (Applause.) He had already, on former occasions, expressed liisopinion with regard to the higher education of women, and it was not neces sary for him to go into the question again, beoauso any reitoration of iiis opinions would only boro them. There was, however, ono sentence iu tho report whioh Dr. Leopcr lmd read, and which struck him very much. Ho said that they looked to this hostel best to fulfil its duties to society by training woman's whole nature rather than simply to render her an ngrceablo companion, lie was a man, and ho could not help being guilty of somo selfishness on behalf of mankind, and ho lmd no doubt that iu after years many men would sincerely thank this institution nnd tho movement in general for having tho blessing of an intellectual com panion as a partner of their joys nnd sorrows. (Applause.) Dr. Loeper had described tho objects of tho institution, and he would not repeat what had been said in ths report, hut ho wished to give expression to ono or two words of gratitudo on behalf of tho community con cerning the individuals to whom they were mostly indebted for tlio success of the institution. Ho divided those who lmd tlio power to give, and those who gavo, into three classes. Tiiero were thoso who, though possessed of great wealth, gave very little and very grudgingly during their lifetime, but who left large sums to good institutions at their dcatiis. These windfalls were not to be sneered at, hut he confessed that personally lie had uo great feeling of respect for people who left to others what they could not tako away with thein. There was another class of givers — those who gave largo sums to certain objects, but who would not give to relieve individual cases of distress. But there was a third class — those who gave large sums for public purposes, and who at the same time for every act of charity which they did iu public did 10 in private. (Applause.) It was to this latter class that his friends, Sir AVilliam and Lady Clarke, belonged. Ho knew Sir AVillinm so well as to bo certain that he did not want him to sing his praises m public, but in honoring Lady Clarko they would also honor him ; and it J'ould be a matter of satisfaction to him that this building in futuro years would ho a lasting memorial of tho great benefits which his wife had conferred upon the women of A' ic- toria. (Applause.) He also rejoiced at the way in which his friend, the Speaker of tho Legisla tive Assembly, liad como forward and assisted in the cause of education. Sir Matthew Davies had given the weight of his great wealth, of his high position, and of his great intellectual quali ties m tlie good cause. (Applause. ) So long us "'7 _ had men liko Sir AVilliam Cl.frke and Sir Matthew Davies, they need not have any fear that the cause of education in Victoria would go back. (Applause.) It had struok him as a rather curious coincidence tlmt upon this ot. Patrick's day three individuals who were taking a leading part in tho ceremony hailed ,r0In the Emerald Isle. (Laughter.) Tlioso were his wifo, his voaorablo friend the Dean of Melbourne, and last, hut not least, Dr. Lcepor ; and he rojoicod at the happy prospect of tho usefulness of the institution in tho future. His Excellency concluded by asking the general public to givo towards the cost of tho building according to tlioir means. Cheers were then given for Lord and Lady Honctoun. The Bishop of Melbourne stated thcro wero two causes for satisfaction in connection witli tiie erection of the building. Ono was that the institution, whioh would be open for tho reception of lady Students, had been consoomted to the service of God by a religious ceremony. Tho otlior cause for satisfaction was tho noble way in which Lady Clarke had come forward and given so magnificently in ordor to float this institution. AVhcn ho remembered what Lady Clarko was, as awito and a mother, he could not Help expressing the hopo that the lady students whose education would be per fected within thoso walls would learn also to follow tho example of their bonefactrcss. (Ap plause. ) Sir AVilliam Clarko briefly replied to the kind expressions made in reference to his wife, and he stated that Lady Clarke hold a strong desiro to seo advanced the movement for tho higher education of women. Ho joined with her in this wish, knowing that a lad would learn twice as much if placed under a well educated woman as if taught by a man. (Laughter.) Sir Matthew Davios expressed hi3 pleasure at being able to attend the ceremony. The day had now gone by when it could ho seriously con tended—in Australia at any rate— that womon ought not to rccoive a university education or training in tho higher branches of learning. They might congratulate themselves upon the very successful beginning of their efforts; mid ho was pleased to see the col- lego willing to throw open its doors to womon. Ho was also glad that they had amongst them his Excellency and Lady Hope toun — (applause) — and ho wns sure the pcoplo of the colony were prepared to make the stay of tho Governor nnd his lady a happy one — (ap plause) — nnd when tlio timo Bbould come for them to leavo thoso shores ho hoped they might regret the necessity for their leaving, whilst ho liad no doubt their departure would be the causo of sorrow to tlio Victorian people. (Hear, Governor and Lady Hopetoun. (Applause.) Dr. Fcarson, tho Minister of l'ublio Instruc tion, seconded tho motion. Thcro could, he said, he no questioning the influence of women. It wns incalculable, and never could they hope for any steady advance unless the women wore working hand in hand with the men. No' greater movement could bo inaugurated than' that tlio object of whioli was to givo womon tlio very highest education and to raako tliem fit to lie tho companions of men who word to guide the counsels of the country. (Applause.) Lord Hopetoun having briefly replied, the ceremony was shortly afterwards brought to a close. 