POLITICAL SKETCHER. ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING ROOM. [By A Scribbler. 1 We have much to be thanhtul for. The Smoking-Room traditions j speak in awe of a serious man who < was not only patriotic, and therefore valuable as a curiosity, but who watched the manceuvrings of politicians In a certain Australian Assembly during five sessions, and still did not become cynical or sceptical, or try to steal his neighbours' firewood on the sly. But when he had endured part of the sixth session that man gave up at the same time the unequal struggle and the ghost. The alternative to death seemed in his fancy to be contempt for, distrust of, and ■disbelief in almost everybody. Before lie finally departed ■ he saw con tinually in his troubled dreams long files of public men with axes to grind, and an endless prooession of people in the peculiar shapes of the grind stones for those axes. That spectacle affected his head. He became too weak- . minded even to mingle with politicians. A meek man may endure a prolonged serenade upon an asthmatic street organ, and still continue to be a consistent thoughsprely tempted Christian; a strong man may sustain the dire tribulation ■of twenty minutes' consecutive conversa tion by telephone, and come out of the ordeal with some shreds of self-respect and sanity, even though the atmosphere should be sulphurous and the hoar-frost of worry should have prematurely whitened his hair; but it is harder for a loafer to pass a post without leaning against it, or for a boy to watch a football match without yelling, or for a woman to j sit in Church without criticising her j neighbours' bonnets,1 than for a man who is . proprietor of the average stock of human nature to closely, study things political, and still'possess tlie 'capacity to look out artlessly upon the world with an ' unsuspicious eye, and not try to trick anybody or even be mistrustful of the motives of most of his fellows. In these remarks, of course, South Australia is •excepted. How thankful we ought to be, and-—how proud ! In the judgment of a cynic the most amusing trick in all the Parliamentary prestidigitation exhibited throughout the colonics save South Australia is the ordi nary No-Confidence Illusion. Accepting ac a postulate the statement that—given, personal truthfulness and reasonable deci sion of character—one Ministry is about as good as another, and that luck and opportunity count for a great deal, you may take as a corollary of that the assur ance that any session in which much business lias .been done is a session in which the Opposition has neither by bold direct assault—which is plucky—nor I by' worrying attack through the medium of' misguided insignificant members put, up to ask perky questions j —which" is mean—prevented anything j from being done. This is the rule, with I the ordinary proportion of exceptions. Informed upon those points, you would | lie able—if you were in the other colpnies, and not in quiet South Aus tralia—to watch the funny performance with an increased interest. You would see the man whom Opposition caucuses had chosen to be the executioner of a Ministry, begin to attend the House with less irregularity. You would notice him gradually assert himself more and more, until by much private practice he had become at last able to announce, without a blush and as if he really meant it, that in attacking the opposite party he was doing what the interests of the country suggested to him ; and that if he studied his own convenience and his own monetary concerns he would not do it at all. Tliat is part of the stage "gag." When a gentleman reaches that point I lie is a thorough expert in presenting] peculiar Parliamentary phantasmagorias. Such an actor has generally deve loped also an impressive suavity of ] -manner and a mechanical smile—whose sweetness surpasses the sweetness of honey—acquired whilst coaxing novices to help him as lay figures in that show by which the public, who pay to see tho performance, are beguiled. That smile becomes so habitual that it. sticks to its owner, all sweet tilings being sticky, as steadfastly as the limping gait remains with a man who lias followed the plough and kept one foot in the furrow in his'early years. Besides these lay figures, most Parliamentary leaders liave, like the Cheap Jacks in another branch of the pro fession, a " Sprightly"—a sycophant-who hopes to be a Cheap Jack himself some day!; and meantime docs the- more unpleiv sant work for liis principal. .-In "politics his .duty is to beg of members, to pray of members, to grovel to members, to flattei* members, to threaten members, to do anything and everything to and for members, so that they may be induced to join in the sport of following his leader. If he is an old member, lie is untiring in his> offers of assistance to and in his | cajolery of the hew men; and whilst thus engaged he bears a singular resemblance to the fabled fox that applied with tears in its eyes for the position of night nurse to a brood of succulent young goslings, i His pay is' usually in the shape—if tho "takings" are good; if the game succeeds — of . a subordinate place in the Cabinet; or a coveted seat upon a Commission; or the support of the new' Government in some special liobby; or consideration towards friend or relation or useful constituent -whena Justice of the Peace has to be inflicted upon a township, and when certain other appointments have to be made ; or a pro mise to supply a particular local want for his district. Whatever the reward may be it is earned by downright hard work, for the drudgery which has to be done before the victorious party, with mud stained uniforms, are able to announce the capture of the last Teluctant supporter who represented the majority of tne other side, is more fatiguing than the toils of a book agent undertaking the task of selling all the latest fashionable waltzes to a wooden-legged family, or popular songs to a mute, or a musical-box to a dumb man. Oh ! it is a peculiarly petty game this petty game of politics — Yes, in the other colonies; I wrote that before. Still, in the face of all opponents, I will maint∈ that it is more manly, even at its worst, than the exciting fun of pelting stones at a blind dog. When we reflect that such things as these are true of other parts of .the Queen's dominions we are able .the better to appreciate the blessed privi leges which we enjoy in our exemp tion from so great misfortunes in South Australia. Even here, however, some' people speak of party wrangles, and characterize as child's play the actions which accompany them, but those people are people only incompletely informed. There is no play about a political crisis. A costermonger's donkey does not work harder than an ambitious man who in the unsullied Parliament of South Australia undertakes to persuade the House that it is in the high interests of the country that he should take £1,000 a year from some other man who at present receives it. And, supposing there is child's play, why should child's play be condemnable in politics ? It would be far more en gaging than the game called tactics ; much more appropriate than donkey-play. The public men of to-day were the children of awhile ago, though we often forget that fact. Mr. Tdnikins'on'very likely played marbles—always 1 "keeps you may depend upon that; carried around ■a -Guy Fawkes on each ■ eventful: Fifth of November, and sang "Guy Fawkes Guy" for ha'pence, the while objecting because the half pence were not whole-pence. Premier Playford doubtless was danced upon his elder's knees in that sportsmanlike old British pastime of " Riae-a-cock-horse to Banbury Cross." President Ayers stiffened his muscles at leap-frog ; Speaker Coles caressed an iudiarubber doll; Knight Downer bestrode wooden steeds in the nursery before ho over dreamt of riding the high horse in Par liament ; and Dr. Cockbum gave an earnest of those political peculiarities which were to make him famous by flying gaudy-coloured kites, with many divers tails, which caused the birds of the air to marvel, and .the sun's eye to blink. A' young reporter once laid down the maxim that a written description should always approximate in bulk to the object described—that if *you wrote a column about an oil-painting which is small you should write a page about a haystack which is big. Guided by that principle the work of our Assembly during the last two years could be portrayed in two lines, whilst the talk when placed upon paper in small type weighs about seven pounds and a half avoirdupois. That is the only scale upon which the weight of most of- this debating can he estimated. There has been no luck about the House siuce that miserable day in June when the last Playford Government were defeated. If it had not been for Mr. Scherk even more would have been said and even less would have been done since then. Mr. Scherk, who is no party , mail greedily ambitious, and who never allows himself to be used as a tool by political malcontents, has saved many hours of useless badgering and of inconse quential chatter by patiently awaiting his opportunity and then moving—"Thatthe Committee do now divide." He must have proposed that quite a hundred times this session, and if he should do it a hundred times more the grateful public might well arise and call him blessed. This is not the place in which schemes of politics should be discussed; but whilst hearing talk about single-member dis tricts one cannot, help calculating what a remarkable chance we might .see if every representative had not- a colleague. Very few colleagues are there in the House ! whp- are.- entirely trustful of each other, j and who do not watch keenly,-so that, no | advantage may be taken which die con- j stituents may note. Did you ever, for example, remember Mr. Solomon to speak or ask a question about the Northern Territory without being quickly folio wed by , Mr: Parsons, or vice rcrsul This emulation i Purely conduces to the bcnclit of the ! Country. It is the'sainc jealous scrutiny of each others" acts which makes Mr. , Handysidc and Mr. Ash such exceedingly serviceable members for Albert. Both are excellent representatives indifferent ways. The latter wo s only rccen tly spoken ! of herein as praiseworthy; and Mr. j Handyside—why " Prince Bismarck" is one of the most useful men in the House. He might well sit to a painter as a model for " A .Practical Man" with a head hard and long and level.; with utilitarian 'opinions which compel him to eschew nonsense and to condemn poetry as j prose spoilt by being cut up into irre gular lengths for some inscrutable reason; and with a business-like commonsense which will not allow hiih to waste time by ■ speaking needlessly or merely to i exercise- his -tongue.- Wheu f Mr. Handyside rises to talk he knows what he ,is talking about; aud when he has eaid his sny.- without -the slightest sur plusage or attempt at oratory, he sits down, not caring so little' as the value of a fig'or the average political promise whether or not you agree with hiin. The electorates might be as well represented u 'they were converted into one-man dis tricts, but—they might not be. The country might be as prosperous if the Parliament were abolished, and—it might not. 1 don't know, and neither of the Smoking-rooms will tell me. 