Tale. DIARY OF A SUC CESSFUL MAN. ; Ootobor 1, 188—. Hotol du Lys, Brugos. — ; After all, few places nppoal to my imagina \- tion rooro strongly than this autumnal old city — tho most mcdiieval town in Europe. I am glad that I liaro oomo baok hero at last. It is molanoholy indeed, but tuon.atm? ago, oio's pleasures aro chiefly melancholy. Ono is essentially of tho autumn, and it is ulwaya autumn at Bruges. X thought I had boon given baok my youth whon I -woke this morn ing and hoard tho carillon chiming- out, as it has dono, no doubt, intormittontly einco I hoard it last twonty yoars ago. Yos for a mo mont I thought I was young again, but only for a moment; when I wont out into tho atrcots and resumed toqupintanco with all my old haunts, tho allusion had grne. I ?trolled into St. Sauvoiu-'n, wandered a while through its dim, ducky aisles, and then But hoaviost with stale inoonso, and indulgod in down noar tho high altar where tho air was retrospect. I was there for moro than an ht-ur, and I doubt whether thii was wise At my time of life ono had best lioop out of cathe drals; thoy nro vault- liko places, prognnnt with rheumatism; at tho bcBt they are full of gliOBta, and a good many visitod mo at tho our of meditation. Af forward I paid a visit to tho MemlingB in tho hospital. Nothing has altered very much, en cm ths women, with thoir plaoiil, ugly Flemish fnoos, sitting eter nally in their doorways with tho otornul laco pillow, might bo tho samo women. In tho afternoon 1 wont to tho Bcguinagc, and snt tlioro long iu (ho shadow of a treo which must have grown up sinco my timo, I think. I sat there too long, I feur, until lho dusk and the chill drove mo homo to dinnor. On tho wholo, perhaps, it was a roistako to oorao buck. Ths samoucss of this terribly constant; old oity seems to iutonsify tho change that has coma to one's self. Perhaps if I had come back with Lorimor I should have noticed it less. For, utter nil, tho years havo bocn kind to mo, on tho wholo; thoy have given rao most things whioh I set my heart upon, and if thoy had not broken a moat porfoot friendship I would forgivo thorn tho rest. I sometimes four, howovor, that ono sacrifto s ton much to ons'a success. To shire twonty yosrs at the Indian bar has its drawbacks, oven when it does leavo ouo at fifty prosperous a mourir. Yes, I must admit that I am prosperous, dis gustingly prosperous, and — my wifo is dead, and Lorimor — Lorimor has altogether passod out of ray lif o. * * ? Ah, it is a mistake to keep a journal — a mistnko! Ootobor ad.— I vowed ysstorday that I would pack my portmnutcau and move ou to Brussels, but to- ilay finds mo still at Bruges, Tho charm of tho old Flemish city grows on mo. I havo carried my pergrinations further afiold, wandered about th» quays, and stood on tho old bridge, whoro ono gets such a porfootJijUmpso, through a trolliat of ohest nuts,of tho rod roof andsplresofNotroDamo. But tho particular locality matters nothing ; every nook mid aurnor of Bruges teems with reminiscences. And how fresh thoy aro 1 At Bombay I hnd not timo to remember or regrot : but to-duy tho wholo dead and for gotten story risos up Jiko a ghost to haunt raa.' At timas, moreover, I havo ti ouclous, fautaitio fooling that samo day or othor, ' In Homo mildewing church, I slinllfcomo fnoo to f nco with Lorimcr. Ho wns olilcr than I ; ho muBt lio greatly altered— but I shouldknow him. It is Bfrungo how intonenly I doMro to moot him. I suppofo it is chioily curiosity ; I ahould liko to feel Hiiro of him, to explain his silence, no cannot bo dead ; I am told thatholindpioturcsin this last Acadomy — andyot never to havo writton— novor onoo, ; through all thesoj yenrf. I suppose there uro few frli ndshipa which can ttand tho test of oorrospoudonoo ; still it is inoxplioablo — it is , not liko Lorimcr. Ho could not havo bar 1 bored u grudgo against uo — for whatP A '?« boyuh infatuation for a woman who adored , , him and whom ho ndo'od. Tho idea is pro postcrnus : thoy must havo laughod over my lolly often of winter ovonings by thoir firo i sido. Was it as sucooaaftil us tniuo, though \ perhnps a little less commoupluoo ? It is ! strango, though, (hut I never liourd of it, that ho novor wroto to mo oneo— not through all thoso years. , 1 October ?lth.— Inoxplioablo ! Inoxplioablo 1 Did thoy marry after nil P Could thcro havo boon somo glgantin misunderstanding P j paid a pilgrimage this morning whioh Tilth - ' erto I had deferred, I know nut prooisuly ' wby. I went to tho old hauso iu tho Una d'Alvft, whoro sho lived, our oountcss. And tho sight of its grim hlstorio front mado twenty years scorn as yesterday. I meant to ooutont myself with n bare glimpso of the hatred wiudowH, hut (ho impulse Hcized Me to ring (he bell whiuh I used to ling so often — a foolish fantastic impulse— but I obeyed it. I found it was occupied bo an Englishman, » Mr. Vocable — there seemed to be more English hero than in my time — and I sent in my card and asked if I might see the famous dining- room. Thcro was no ob jection rai-cd, r.nd uy my host was most cour teous ; my namo, ho said, was familiar to Mm. He is evidently proud of his dilapi dated old palace and has had tho graco to save it from tho attentions of tho npholstorer. No ; twenty years bavo produced very little change in the room where we had bo many pleasant (sittings. Tho ancient stamped leather on tho walls is porhnps a triflo raggeder und the old oak panels not black or — that wore impossible — but o triflo more worm-eaten. It is tho Bamo room. I must havo seemed a boor to my polite cicerone as I stood, hat in hand, and silently; took in all the old familiar details. Tho samo smell of mildewed antiquity — I could almost believo tho camo furniture. And indeed my host tells me that ho took over tho houso ns it was and that somo of tho chairn and tables aro ecarccly more youthful than tho walls. Yes there by tho ftroplaco was tho samo quaintly carved chair whero sho always sat. Ah, thoso dolioious evenings ween ono was five and- twonty for tho moment I should not bavo been surprised if she had suddenly taken shape before my eyes — in the old seat — tho slim, girlish woman, in her white dross, her hands folded in her lap, her quiet oyos gazing droamily into tho rod firo — a subtlo air of distinction in her whole posture. She would be old now, I suppose. Would sho ? Ah no,sho was not one of tho women who grow old. ? ? ? I caught up the thread of my host's dis course just as ho was pointing it with a shnrp rap upon ono of tho moat timo-Bfciined panels. 'Behind thcro,' ho remarked, with pardon able prido, ' is the secret pussngo whoro tho Due d'Alva was assassinated.' I smiled apclogeticully. ' Yos,' I said, ' I know it. I should ox plain, perhaps— my oxcuso for troubling you wan not merely historical ouiiosity. I have moro personal associations with this room. I spent somo charming hours in it a nroat many year ago' — and, for tho moraont, I had for/otton that I was nearly fifty. ?Ah,' ho said, with interest, 'you know tho late people, the Fontanos ?' 'No,' I ssid, 'I am afraid I havo nevor hoard of them. I am vory aneiont. In my timo it belonged to tho SavaroBBO family.' 'So I havo heard,' ho said, 'but that was long ago. I havo only had it a fow yoars. Foutanc, my landlord, bought it from thorn Did you know 51. lo Oomto ?' 'No,' I ensworcd. 'Midamo la Com tesae. Sho was loft a widow vory shortly after her marriage I novcr know M. lo Oomto.' My host shruggod his shouldors. ?From all accounts,' he said, 'you did not loso very much.' 'It was an unhappy marriago,' I romarked vaguely, 'most unhappy. Hor gooond mar riatro promised ereator folicitv.' Mr. Vcnablos lookod at mo curiously. 'I understood ' — ho bogan, but ho broke off abruptly. 'I did not kuow jMmo. do Suvaresso married again !' His tone had suddonly changed : it had grown less cordial, and wo partod shortly uftorwjrdB with a oortain constraint, and as I walkod homo pensively ourious, his in terrupted sentonco puzzled mo. Doss ho look upon mo as an impostor, a vulgar gos sip-monger f What h&B; ho heard, what doos ho know of hor P Does ho know anything P I cannot help believing so. I almost wish I hud asked him dofinitcly, but ho would havo misunderstood my motives. Yot, even so I wiBhl had asked him. Ootober Oth.— I am still living constantly in tho past, and tho fantastio feeling whon cvor I ontor n ohuroh or turn tlio corner, that I shall meet Lorimer a^ain, has grown into soUlodconriotion. Yes ; I shall moot him, and in Brugos. It is strang-o how nn episode whioh ono has thrust away out of sight and foryotton for yoars will bo started baok into ronowod life by the mutest triflo. And for tho last week it has all boon as vivid as if it had happoncd yostorday. To-night I havo boon putting qiiostioua to mysulf — so far with no very satisfactory ansvt or. Was it a boyish mfa tvtu tiou of tor all P Hub it passed away as utterly ns I bolioved P I can soo horfaco now as I sit by tho firo with tlio flnost pro oision of do tail. I oan hear hor volao, that soft, low voioo whicli was nono tho less Bwoot for its modulation of saduore; I think thcro aro no womon liko hor nowadays— nono, nono 1 Did sho marry Lorimer? Audit not ? ?It seems straugo now that wo should havo both been so attracted — and yot not strango when ono considers it. At loast wo wero novcr jealous of ono another. How tlio details rush back upon one! I think wo must havo fallon in lovo with her nt tho samo niomont— f or wo ?wcro together whon wo saw hor for tho first time; wo wore togothcr when wo wont first to call on her in tho Euo d' Alva — I doubt if wo over ssw her .oxoept togother. It was soon aftor wo began to got intimate that sho wore whito again, telling ub that wo had given hor back her youth. Sho joined our skotohing ex peditions with the most supreme contempt for les convenances. Whon sho was not fluttering' round, passing from Lorimor's canvas to mine with her sweetly inconsequent critioiBm, sho sat in the long grass and read to us — Andro Chenior and Lumarlino. In the even ing wo wont to boo hor. Sho denied herself to tho rest of tho world and wo sat for hours in that nnoiont room in tho delicious twilight, while ruo snug to us — sho sang divinely — littlo Fronoh chanson*, gay and sad, and snntohns of opcrclto. How wo adorod her! I think sho know from tho first how it would be and postponed it as long as sho could. But at last sho saw it was inovitablo. ? ? * I remombcr tho lost evening that wo woro thoro — romembor ! Shull I over forgot it ? We had staid bo 3'ond our usual hour, and, when wo roso to go, -wo nil of us saw that thoso ploasant, ir rcspansibo ovcuings had to end. And both Lorimcr and I stood for a moment on the threshold before wo raid good night, feeling1 I suppose, that one of us was thero for the last time. And how gracoful, how prnoious she wns ns sho held out ono littlo whito hand to Lor imer mid ono to mo. 'Good rifrht, dear frioiuls,' sho talil. 'I lik' you both so much— ho much. Beliovo mo, I nm L'ratoful t - you both — for having1 given mo back my faith in lifo— iu friend ship— boliovo Hint, will you not, Hint amis ?' Thou for ono delirious moment her nycH met mine and it nccmcd to mo— ah, woll, after nil, it wns Lcrimcr sho loved. Outobor 7lh.— It seomod a Quixotio plpoo of folly now — onrproposal. Wo would neither tako an ndvantngo of tlio othor, but wo both of us must speak. Wo wroto to her nt tho B.imo timo, and, rany be, in tho samo word? ; wo posted rrnr letters by tho Pnino pout. To day I hnd tho curiosity to tnko out hor an swer to mo from my donk, and I roud it quito calmly and dispassionately — tho p-or yellow lottor -with tho fnilod ink, whioh wroto Tint* to my youth nnd mado a man of mo. Tauvrlehir ami,1 sho wroto ti mo, and whon I read thut, for tlio first timo in my lifo, and for tho only timo. Lorimor's supe riority was bitter to mo. Th» rest I deoiph orod through scalding tears : Tauvrc c/icr ami, I am very corry for yon, and yot I think you shoul 1 havo guessed nnd havo spared yoursolf this pnin, nnd mo top, a littlp. No, my friond, thnt whioh you nek of mo is impossible. You aro my donr friond, but it h your brother whom I lovo— your brother, for nro you not ns brother*? mid I cannot bronk your beautiful friendship. No, that must not bo. Sen, I ask ouo favour of you— I havo writton ulno to him, only one littlo word, Tims— but. will you not go to him nnd toll him for mo P Ah, my brother, my hourt bleedM for you, I, too, huvosufForod iu uiy timo. You will yu uwuy now ; ym, that is best, but you will return when this fancy of yours has passed. Ah, forgive me. Let as bo fri'nds. Adieu ! Ait rcvoir ! Thy Sisteb, Delthi.ie.' It may havo been an hour later when I sought nut Lorimer with my letter. I told uim, as I told myself, that it was the fortuno jf w:r ; that sho had chosen the better man, tiut I could not bear to stay and sco their happiness— I was in London by the evening. [ wanted work, hard grinding work : I was tired of being a briefles3 barrister ; and, as it happened, an opening in India offered it -clf at tho very moment when I had docided bhat£urope had become impossible to mo. I accepted it, and so those two happy ones passed out of my lifo. Twenty years ago! And in epito of his promise ho haa nover written from that day to this — not so muoh us a lino to tell mo of bis rnarrinje. I mado ei vow then that I would get over ray folly nnd it seemed that my vow was kopt. Ana yot hero to-day, iu Bruges, lam asking my self whether after all it ns been suoh a groat juecees, whother soonoc or later ono doccoa't liavo to pay for having boon hard and strong, for refusing to suffer. ? * * I must leave this plnco ; it is too full of Mine, do SavaresBO. ? ? * Is it curiosity which is torturing' me P I must find Lorimor. If he marriod her, why has ho boon so poraistently Bilont? [f he did not marry hor, what in hoavon's name, docs it mean ? Those aro vexing ques tions. Octobor 10th. — In thoCburoh of LesDsmos Rouges I met my old friond SobaBtian Lori mer. Strango- strange ! He was groatly altorod, I wondorod almost that I recognized him. 1 1 ad strollod into tho church for beno diction for the first timo since I havo boon buck hero, and Jwlicn tho Borrioo was over and I swung back tho hoavy door, with tho oxqmsito musio of tho 0 ! Salutaris sung by the buried women behind tho screen still echoing in my heart, I paueod a moment to lot a man pass by me. It was Lorimer ; ho lookod wild and worn ! it was no moro^thnn tho ghost of my old friond. I was shocked and and startled by hismanner. Wo shook hands quito impaBnivoly, as if wo had pnrted yaa - terday. Ha tallied in a rambling way as wo walked towards my hotol of tho singing of tho nuns, of tho numerous roligious pro ocssions, of tho doctrine of tho inter cession of saints. Tho old, melodious voioe was unchanged, but it was pitohed in the singularly low koy whioh, I have noticed, somo foreign priests acquiro who livo much in oh.urohes. I gathor that ho has become a Catholic I don't know what intangible in stinot, or it may bo fear, prevonted mo from putting to him tho vital question whioh has so perploxed mo. It is astonishing how his faoo wasohitnged, what an extraordinary rest lessness his spoooh and cyj havo acquired. It novor was so of old. My first impression .was that ho was suffering from somo aouto form of nervous disordor, but bofore I loft him a moro unpleasant suspicion was gradually forced upon mo. I cannot help thinking that thoro is more than a touoh of insauity in my old friend. I triod from timo to timo to bring him down to porsonal topios, but ho eluded thorn dexterously, and it was only for a moment or ao that I could keep him away from tho all-absorbing subjootof tho Catholic ohuroh, whioh Booms in sorao of its moro som bre aspeots to exerciao an' extraordinary fa-- oination ovor him. I asked him if he ofton visited Bruges. He looked up at mo with a ourious oxpros sion of surprise. ' I livo hero,' ho said, ' almost always. I havo dono so for years.' Presently he added, hurriedly, ' You have oomo baok — I thought you would como baok — but you have beou gono a long time— oh, a long time ! It seems years sinoo wo mot. Da you remember r' — ho oheoked himself, thon ho added in a low whispor : ' Wo all oo.ae.bacK, wo nil oomo back. He uttered a quaint, short laugh. ? Ono oan bo noar, very near, oven if ono oan novor bo quito close.' Ho tolls mo that he still paints, and that thoaoadomy, to whioh ho sends a I'ioturo yearly, has rocontly olooted him an associate. But hi« art doos not soom to absorb him as it did of old, and ho speaks of his success dryly and as a matter of vory nooondary importance. Ho rofusod to dine with mo alleging an on gagomont, but that so hesitatingly and with suoh vaguonoss that I could porooivo it was tho merest pretext. His maunor was so strango and romoto that I did not venture to press him. I think ho is unhnppily oon soious of his own frequent inooheronoies, and at moments thoro aro quito paiuful pauses whon ho is obviously struggling with dumb pitcousuess to bo lucid, to collect himsolf and pick up oortain lost threads in his momory. lid is coining to s&o; mo thisovoning at his own suggostiou , nnd lam waitiug for him now with a strnngo terror oppressing me, cannot help thinking that ho pjssossos tho key to nil thut has so puzzled mo, and that to-uightho will ondoavour to speak. Ootobor 1 lth. — Poor Lorim )r ! T havo hard ly yet got ovor tho shook which bit visit la*t night oauscd mo and tho amazement with whioh I hoard and road betwoon tho linos of his otrungooonfession. His onco olonr reason is, I fear, hopolossly obsoured, and how muoh of hu story is hallucination I oaunot siy. His notions of timo and plsoo aro quito con fused, and out of his rambling statement I can only bo sure of ono faot. It seems that ho has dono mo a groat wrong, an irropnrablo wrong whioh ho hassinoo bitterly ropentod. In tho light of this poor wrotoh's story a groat misunderstanding is rolled away, and I am loft with tho eonviotion that tho last twonty years havo bean, aftor all, a hujjo blundor.nn irrevocable and miserable mistake. Through my own rash precipitancy and Lori mor's woak troaohory, and trivial misohmoo thnt h singloword would havo rectified had boon prolonged boyond hope of rodrons. It Booms that aftor aU it was not Loriraer whom eho shoso. Mmo. do Savaresio writing1 to us both, twenty years ago, mado a vital and yot not inoxplioablo mistake. Sho oonf used tko onvelopos, and tho letter that I received was l.ovsr meant for mo, although it was couched in such ambiguous torms that until to-day tho possibility of tho orror novnr dawned on mi. And inj lottor, tho ono littlo word of whioh sho f poke, was sent to Lorimer. Poor wretoh I ho did mo a vital injury — yos, I onn sny that now— a vital injury, hut on tho wholo I pity him. To have been suddenly dashed down from tho pimmoloof happiness — it must havo boon a ornol blow. Ho tolls that whon ho saw her that afternoon and found out his miH taKo, ho hnd no thought oxoopt to rconll mo. IIo actually camo to London for that purpose, having vowed to her solemnly thnt ho would brina mo b=iclc. It was only in England that, to uso his own distraught plmiso, tho devil outcrod into pumps* inn of him. His hiilfin snno rambling!) iravo mo a very vivid idea of that fortnight during whiuh ho lay hid in London, tromhling Hko iv guilty thing, fenr f ill at evory mmnont that ho might run aoross mo, nud yut half longiujr for tho mco'ing with tho irrosolutonosH of tho weak naturo whioh oan eonooivo nnd to a certain oxtcnt execute a. hh'hcll, yot wbivh would always yield to circumstances, and lot clianco or fatn dcoido tho issue. And to tho vory last Lari mer watt wavering ; ho had nlmost sought mo ought nnd thrown himself on my morcy, whon tho nowa carao that I had nailed. Penliny, who has no wonk Boruplos, had stopped in nnd sealed Delphino's mi- itnko fur all time, uftor hor grim fashion. Whon ho wont dnck to Brugos, arid saw Madame do Savarcsso, I think sho must havo partly guessed his baseness, Lorimcr was not strong enough to bo a successful hypoarito, nud that meeting, I gnthor, was nlso their final pnrtiug. Sho must hnvo mid thinss'to him iu her bcnii'iful, quiet voico whioh ho hns never forgottun. ] [e wont nnray, ninl canh day ho wiih going to wrilo fo mo, niid eooh ilny he dofcrred it— ami then in took up thn Timr.i ono morning nnd rend tho unnouro mout uf my marriage. After that it seemed to him thnt ho oould only bo silent. Did the know uf it, (n«p Did sho sulfur,,or did sho uuduistuudP 1'uor womau! pour wouiuu! I ronder u she consoled herself—** I did, and f so, how sho looked hack on her success F I vonder whether she is happy — whether sho s dead? I suppose these are questions which yill remain unanswered. And yot when lorimcr left me at a late hour hut night, it eemed to mo that the ah? was full cf un ipokcn words. Does he know anything of lcr now P I have a right to ask him these hingK. And to-morrcw I am to meet him — 10 mado the request 'most Btrangely— at the lomo place where we fell in with each other o-duy. Until to-morrow, then ! October 12. — I have just left Sebastian [lorimcr at the Church of th* Dames Bouges. [ liopo I was not oruel, but there are some things whioh one can neither forget nor for ;ivo, and it seemed to me when I know the :ull measure of the ruin ho had wrought, my pity for him withered »war. ? I hope, Lori ner,' I said, ' that we may never meet agrin.' \nd honestly I cannot forgivo him. If ebo md been happy, if sho had let timo deal jently with her— ah— yes, oven if she wero load — it might bo easier. But that this liv ing outombmont, this hopeless death in lifo should bofall her — sho so magnificently fitted For lifo's finer offiocs — ah, the pity of it, tho pity of it ! ? ? ? But let me set down tho wholo sad story as it dawned upon mo this afternoon in that unearthly church. I was later than tho hour appointed : vespers wero 3ver, and a server, tapir in hand, was gra dually transforming tho gloom of the high altar into a blazo of light. With a strange sense of completion I took my place next to the ohair by whioh Lorimer with bowed head was kneeling, his oyos fixed with a strango intentness on the soreon which separated the outer worshippers from the chapel or gallery which was set apart for the m»s. Bis lips moved from time to time spaamodicaHy. in prayer or ojaoulation ; then, ai the jubilant organ burst out and the officiating priest in his ohanublo and birotta passed from tho saoristy and bowed to tho altar, he seemed to bo listening in a very passion of attention. But as tho incenso began to fill the air, and tho Litany of tho Loreto smote on my ear to Bomo sorrowful, undulating Gregorian, I lost thought of tho wretched mn n beside me I forgot tho miserable mistake that he had perpetu ated, and I was onoo more baok in the past— with Delphino, knooling by her side. Strophe by strophe that porfeot litany rose and was lost in a oloud of inoonso, in the mazy arohes of tho roof. Janua Cooli, Stella Matutina, Salus infirmorum. Ora prt nobis ! In stropho and an tistropho — tho melan choly nasal intonation of tho priast died away and tho exquisito women's voioes in tho gallery took it up with exultation, and yet with something liko a sob—* sob of limita tion. Kefugium pocoatorum, Consolalrix afflictorum, Auxilium Ohrisiianorum, Ora pro nobla 1 And so on through all tho cxqutalte changes of the hymn, until the muaio changed, and tho priest intoned ths oloaing line : ' Ora pro nobis, Sanota Dei genotrix !' and tho voioos in tho gallery answered : ' Ut digni effloiamur proraiasionibus Christi !' Thoro was ono voioe which roue nhnvn nil tbo otners, a voioo of marvellous sweetness and power, whioh from the first moment had euuecd mo a ourious thrill. And presently Lorimer bent down and whispered to mo. « So noar,' ho luurmurod, ' and yet so far away — so near and yet never quite olose I' But bofore I had upokon I had r-ad in his rigid face, in his eyes fixed with suoh a pas sion of rogrot on the screen, why we woro thoro, and to whoso voice wo had listened. I roso and wont out of tho ohuroh quietly yot hastily ; I felt that to stay there one moro moment longer would be suffocation. * * Poor woman I so this is how she sought eon ?oltttion— in religion 1 Well, thexs ate Jiff ec - eut ways for different persons— and forme — what is thoro left for mef Oh, many things no doubt, many things ; still for onoe and tho ln*t time, lot me set myself down bb a dreary impostor. I nevor forgot her — not for ono hour or day , not even when it seemed tu mo that I had forgotten her most — not oven whon I marriod. No woman ever re presented to mo tho same idea as Mmo. do Suvurcsso. No woman's voioe was over sweot to me after hors ; the touoh of no woman's hand ovor mado my heart beat ono moment quioker for pleasure or for pain, sinoo 1 prceaed hors for lho last time on that fate ful evening twonty years ago. Even so ? 1 When tho scrvico was over and tlio people had ntronmed out nnd dispersed, I wont baok for tho last timo into the quiet church. A whitc-robedsorver was extinguishing tho last candle on tho altar ; only tho red liuht thit had burnt through tho years, before tho snnoluiry, mado moro visible the deep shadows everywhere Lorimer was stiU kncoliujr with bowed head in this plaoo. Pro santly ho roso and camo towards mo. 'Sho was thtro — Dolphino — you heard her. Ah, Dion, sho loves you. Sho 'always loves you — you aro avenged.' I gathered that for years ho has spent hours duly in this ohuroh, to ho near hor and hear hor voioo — the magnificent yoioo rising above all the othor voices in the chants of hor religion. But ho will nover soo hor, for is sho not of tho Dames IiougesP And I re member now aU the stories of her order, of its strictness, its austerity, its porfoot isola tion. Aud ohiefly I remember how thoy say that only twico after one of those nuns has taken hor vows is sho seen of any one except thoso of hor community; onoo, when she enters tho ordorthedoorof tho aonventis thrown baok, and sho is seen for a single moment in tho scarlet habit of the order, by tho world, by aU who oaro to gaze; and onee more, at lho last, when, olid in the same, coarse rod garb, thoy boar hor out quietly, in her oorrlo, iuto tho ohuroh. ? ? ? And of this last meeting Lorimer, I gather, is alwtys restlessly expectant, his whole life oonoentrated, its it were, in a very passion of waiting; for a moment whioh will surely como. His theory, I confess osonpes mo, nor ami I guess how, for a certain tovoiinhro moi'so, nn expiation may bo set as a guiding spring iu his unhinged mind, and account at lenst in part for tho fantastio atti tude which ho must havo adopted for many years. If I cannot forgivo him, nt loast I bear him no malico, and, for tho rest, our piiths will hardly cross again Ouo tnkes up quo slifo and expiated its errors each after ono's govroal fashion — and my way is not Lorimer's. And no w that it is all so clear tlioro in nothing to koop mo hero nny longer, nothing to bring mo back again. For it ecomod to mo to-day, strangely enough, as though a certain oandlo of hope, of promise, of ploasant possibilities, whioh had flickered with more or less light for fco many years had suddenly gono out and loft me alone in utter dtirkucss, ns tho knowledge ynn borno in upon me that henooforth Mmo. de Bavarease bad passed altogether and finally out of my lift1. And so to-morrow — Brussels ! — Afacmil- lim1* Itajazini). 