TAR RUN. IN pioneer days, Dinger's Rim, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously called it, had, the reputation of >being haunted; and the. stories told of ghostly, sights and sounds were well calculated to make a timid person feel nervous if he €ound himself alone on the road after nightfall. Although it was a noticeable fact that the people who saw-the ghosts were those who stopped to quench their thirst at the Three Mile House before they started on their journey home, yet many were credulous enough to believe the tales that were told, and numerous were the ludicrous scenes and laughable accidents that occurrcd in consequence. One old toper, who had not been gifted with second sight, sneered at the marvellous adventures of bis friends of the bar-room, and came to the- conclusion that lie also would see a ghost frit were to be seen at all. Accordingly, on'e'" night, after he had fortified Mmself with afew drinks, and had stored a full bottle in his pocket, lie started for home with the avowed determination of seeing a spectre if possible. Not far up the Run was an especially haunted spot, and here our toper stopped to watch for the ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat he espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited himself to wait until the midnight intruder put.in an appearance. "And there I sat and watched for that blamed old ghost to come," he afterward said, when relating his experience; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not know anything until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in a hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have 6lid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and knocked me off for spite. But"—this with a snort of disgust—"I did not see any sperrets, and IH be hanged if I believe there is any; and if the fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, they would not see one either." Another man—a young one—did not fare quite so well. He bad escorted his lady love home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted place to reach his home again. After lingering as long as he dared, he started for his destination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzling rain had set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectre's haunt. There was no way of escape; he must go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, he essayed to pass the spot as quickly as ne could. But just then he heard a slight sound, and stumbled on something lying in the path, which something, with a bellow of affright, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-seer with it for a few yards, ana then dropped liim, half dead with fright. How he reached home the youth never knew, but reach there he did in a short space of time. Then, when he had recovered from his fright, and collected his scattered senses, he knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost when he fell, and he was sure he had stumbled upon it. And now comes a strange sequel to our Strephon's adventure. Some years afterward, a tin box filled with gold and silver was found under the very 6pot on which he fell; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Run that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible 