CURRENT NOTES. In tlie fine old Pagan times, when a series of disasters happened to a new edifice they were regarded as signs that some local deity of a particularly irascible nature was offended and required propitiation. The manner of going about this varied in dill'erent countries, but the plati usually adopted was to sacrifice something to the incensed god or goddess. In Tyre and Sidon, whence King Solomon brought cedar and purple hangings for his Temple, the something was generally a human being. Sometimes a young girl or boy was buried alive under the foundations. Then the building was considered safe as far as the local deity was concerned. We do not cite these instances from the past in order to justify them, but merely to show that even in those times it was not uncommon for a building to have a run of bad luck which could only be accounted for by ascribing it to the anger of unseen powers. Is it not imaginable that there may be some mystery of the sort connected with the site upon which the Palace Hotel is built ? The malignant persecution by fire to which it is subjected, and the failure of all endeavours to discover the incendiary, seem to indicate that a more than mortal enemy is at work against it. Is it possible that it is haunted by the spectre of some former customer, who was refused a drink on credit at some time or other, and went off and straightway hanged or drowned himself 1 One can imagine such a ghost wandering around the bars, and growing wild with rage, because it knew it couldn't contain a drink even if it could •swallow it. And, of course, a ghost of this description would only have to touch anything to set tire to it. We really think the best thing Mr. Wilson could do would be to get the Salvation Army to hold a big devil-defying meeting in the large hall of the hotel where the musichall performances are now conducted, and exorcise the phantom with trumpet, triangle and big drum. Otherwise, he will probably have to build the hotel over again some of these days. If this should happen we would advise him to l.uko a hint from the ancients, who knee a groat deal more than we are willing tc give them credit for— and bury somebody under the cornelstone of the new structure. We would suggest a policeman for choice. * « * C There is usually only one step from the ridiculous to tlie matter-of-course. When a thing lias been laughed at for a time it ends by becoming an accepted fact, in which there is 110 longer anything to laugh at. We have thrown oil' these aphorisms just now in connection with the subject of Lhe Servant Girl. Not a great while ago this person was as great a butt for jokers, professional and othenvise, as the mother-in-law. Her pretensions were jeered at, and she was satirised from every point of view. A stock joke was to represent her as calling at a house in answer to an advertisement for a cook or housemaid, and refusing to take the situation because she was not allowed tlie use of the piano. This seemed very bizarre and extravagant then, but time has brought its revenges, even for the servant-girl, and what was then ridiculous promi.-es soon to become ail every-day matter. Here is the first sign of the change, in the shape of an advertisement published iu one of the morning papers a few days back :— pi inii wanted, to play piano and assist house ^ work. This is not intended for sarcasm, neither, is the girl required to play low-class dance music—if she were she would ]>e advertised for as "young lady." It simply means that she will be expected to cultivate her higher tastes, and those of the family in which she resides^ and make beds and wash dishes during unethereal intervals. tt hether a light. hand on the pianokeys will mean a correspondingly light ]la,,,J upon the scrubbing brush has yet to be seen. The fact remains that after running the gauntlet of ridicule for several seasons the servant girl and the piano have at length been quietly accepted ,os harmonious associates. This is, perhaps, one of the last triumphs of civilisation before it finally flickers out. The following curious statement appears in an American paper just to hand :—" Alfred Joseph, of Sandhurst., Australia, called at headquarters this morning to make inquiries about the world's Columbian exposition. Mr. Joseph suggests that representatives sent from this country to Australia in the interest of the exposition be instructed to wait that upon the Premiei'R of the different colonies and then visit the Mayors of the different cities, as the public dignitaries are in n position to do more in behalf of the enterprise than any other agency. The exposition, lie says, should not fail to secure from Australia what is known there as the 'Aborigine exhibit.' This is composed of figures of wax showing the early settlers of the country, who were blacks, in their wigwams, with their peculiar customs aud manners." Very thoughtful of Mr. Alfred Joseph, but we fancy fl.11 exhibit of Bookmakers would be more characteristic of Australia at the present time than anything connected with the poor aborigines. The Bookmakers have also some peculiar customs and manners of their own, which ought to take well in a great variety show bucIi as, we suppose, the American Exposition will be. Besides, they are eminently fitted by nature, training and taste for exhibition purposes. Anyone who will take the trouble to count the number of them that will be gathered at Flemington on Derby Day and Cup Day, and estimate the value of the jewellery they wear,- and form an approximate idea of the amount of money they will carry away with them when the Racing Carnival is over, will, wo fancy, agree that they are the most curious and prominent features of Australian anthropology. If one of the American representatives ruferred to should happen to cast his eye on this paragraph, we beg him to make a note of it. When the righteous man is roused to fury lie is a dreadful sight to look upon. This may be because the emotion is so rare with him, or it may lie because he has a larger stock of bile to draw upon than ordinary men. The religious wars were always the most bloodthirsty, and when one reads about them one can hardly escape the feeling that a real and genuine Christian has a tremendous amount of gall on hand ready for use if his brotherly love does not meet with an immediate response. He does not get angry in a moment, but when ho does get angry he is rabid. Like Romulus, he lilies to inarch from battle " with arms to the shoulders red." There is as much difference between his rage and that of the every-day sinner as between the wrath of the old man and the J'oung man in the couplet— " Tlie yoDHg man's wrath is like flax on fire. But like red-hot Bteel is the old man's ire." An illustration of this fact occurs in an article in the Daily Tilegraph of Tuesday oil the Jackson-Goddard combat. The writer begins by saying that he " knows very little about the glorious art of pugilism." One wonders why, uuder these circumstances, lie was sent to describe a tight. On the same principle, a sporting reporter should be deputed to write up the points of a sermon. But possibly the Daily Tel'flraph sent the writer iu question to the fight in order that he might tell what he didn't know about it, which turned out to be more than even his editor could have imagined. At any rate, it took a good deal over a column of space in the telling. After describing the majority of the spectators as congenital idiots, ho goes on to say that those who sat near him whiled away the time till the business of the evening began by telling anecdotes about wife-beating. " Most of the stories," he remarks, "had for locus the police-court, and the charges against the heroes of the ring seemed to include a more than average proportion of wife-beating. I say wore than average with special regard to the social status and apparent moral development of the men who favoured us with the trivial fond details. They were of the world which does heat his wife." So. Now we would like to know if any of our readers have ever heard any man in any gathering boasting about how he beat his wife, or, telling with approval, anecdotes of how another mailprize-fighter or presbyter—did the same. Even 111 Little Bourke-street a conversationalist of such a type would hardly be allowed to proceed far in his stories without hearing the remark (we are compelled to debilitate it by biking out the adjectives), "Yes, yer can blow about hckin' yer wife, but can yer stand up to a man ?" No ! Wife-beaters or admirers of wife-beaters are not given to exultation over their hobby in promiscuous company. It is a matter strictly between their wives and themselves. We do not say what the writer states is untrue, but that we think he should not rely too much on the accuracy of liis sense of hearing in future. His thoughts, perhaps, ran so much upon gore that he imagined gore where none was mentioned. No wonder he was disappointed at what followed. * * * He commences his description of the fight with the sentence, " I have confessed my entire ignorance of the game played at the Crystal Palace." A little further 011 he says :—" There was any amount of dash, but, somehow, it happened that neither of the combatants seemed a penny the worse. Under the conditions of the struggle dash served two purposes — it covered the utter lack of scientific boxing, and it gave the gods an idea that something was going to happen." Now, as he admits his entire ignorance of the subject, how does ho know whether the boxing was scientific or not ? This is one of the most convincing specimens of what he doesn't know in the whole article. Finally, he nays that the light was not worth looking at. There were 110 teeth, or hair, or pieces of flesh scattered about the ring when it was over, and the spectators were not spattered by flying gouts of blood. Also both of the combatants were left alive. And so he leaves disgusted and says, "On tlie whole one would rather not sink to the level at which he would deem it worth while to pay money to see a sham prize-fight." He evidently went there expecting to see a butchery—a massacre. Being confessedly ignorant of the subject he didn't see that the fight was a display of skill, stamina and pluck and was as good a test of tlie physical merits of the men as if they had been carried away by their friends at the conclusion in seve.-al baskets. We are not in tlie place wherein it is demanded of us to defend Pugilism as a Pious and Moral Exercise, but we think that, as an institution, it has a good effect on national character. It teaches men to be manly and not hit below the belt—which is, perhaps, the strongest practical lesson in charity they are prepared to receive at this period of their development, in spite of all the sermons on brotherlj' love. We advise the Daily Telegraph when it next proposes to give a description of a prize-fight not to send such a bloodthirsty Berserker ah the gentleman who wrote the article which has caused these comments. It should keep him to describe the meetings of the Melbourne Presbytery. A common reproach made against Australia is that it does not encourage its men of genius. We need hardly say that it is the men of genius who do most of the reproaching. There may, hovever, have been some reason for the statement in the past. Life is too crude and hard in this country as vet to leave people much time or inclination for cultivating tlie softer graces. Indigenous poets, artists, and musicians may have suffered from neglect in consequence. Musicians, at any rate, will have 110 right to make the reproach in future. The Victorian Government has indirectly but effectively taken tlieni up through the medium of the Victorian Orchestra. It will lie recollected that this body is subsidised by Government to familiarise its audiences with the works of the great masters of harmony, and elevate, and refine, and soften the public taste. Well, the Victorian Orchestra has decided that one way of achieving these desirable results is to give a "Grand Local Composers' Night." This tragedy takes place 111 the Town Hall next Thursday evening. No less than thirteen—an unlucky number, as the audience may possibly discover before the performance is over — of these hitherto inglorious Mozarts are mentioned 011 the programme. Where have they kept themselves hidden all this weary time 1 Anyhow, they will now have their chance for fame, and probably we shall hear no more of them. Vuk Governor's rapidly growing reputation as a speech-maker is causing a wide sa'e of the daily papers at this season, but His Excellency is lookitag forward to quieter and easier times. Pdkcii Almamac will be out next month, and the public will be fully and cheaply entertained byour popular publication at the old rate, viz., sixpence per copy. 