DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. {From our own Correspondent.) The Rev. Dr. Delany, who preaehedin the Cathedral on Sunday on the Gospel of the dav, announced that, in accordance with certain resolutions adoptedby the Bishop and the Council of tie diocese, the children would receive tbeu First Communion on the 17th October next, when both children and adultj would be consecrated to the Sacrefl Heart, facilities being previously afioiflea to them for approaching the Sacraments i of Penance and the Blessed BnehmM On that day, also, a branch of the Leap 18 1 of the Cross will be established me«M mission where it does not exist alreaay.j and the children, after having been conwcrated to the Sacred Heart, will be es rolled members of the League. A W cession will also take place, and tw approaching centenaries of Margaret Mary and .Fr. Mathew mU J celebrated on that day. WithreW to the League of the Cross, the »v gentleman Ld, in bringing this ^ before the congregation, he endeav^ to impress on parents the « « having their children enrolled Total Abstinence League. tf children were accustomed to " I abstinence from all intoxicating^' say until they reacnea ae - - ^ one, there would be a hope that life they would at. least keep. dgU f undue indulgence in l P m^° U ' r even should the pledge no longer them. Young persons had no whatever of uuch beverages, ™"^ might be naid on that jou»t regard to grown-up persons. Dr. Delany waived the much-discussed question as to whether drink was ever useful. He said, ftt all events, it was not necessary or useful for young persons; and as experience but too sadly showed the hopelessness of reclaiming any more than a small per centage of those who had become the slaves of intemperance, he looked for results in behalf of temperance rather from the right training of the young, from instilling into them a disgust and loathing for every form and circumstance of intemperance in drink, than from the well meant and praiseworthy, but withal fruitless, efforts of those who take the pledge and get up total abstinence societies, not because they themselves need to do so, but in the hope of influencing the fallen to imitate their example. There was a large attendance at the meeting of the men's branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, on Monday evening. The Eev. Fr. Cleary (the spiritual director) continued his interesting and instructive lectures on the History of the Church. In announcing the names of the -sections that were to approach the altar on the following Sunday, he expressed the great pleasure he felt in learning the largo numbers in which the sections appointed to do so, had attended on the last Sunday. I am glad to notice that the following young men, students at the Holy Ghost College, achieved very high positions in the late competitive examination for the Pablic Service, namely, Mr. W. T. Casey, Mr. N. Cashing, and Mr. M. J. Field. The first obtained 440 marks, and the second and third 429 and 428 respectively. I am also pleased to note that Master Joseph Minogue, a pupil of the Christian Brothers, has been successful in obtaining an appointment in the Eailway department after passing the required examination. The Eev. M. Lynch, of Hamilton was the recipient of a well-filled purse of sovereigns from the Catholics of that district on the 19th inst. The presentation was made in the local presbytery in the presence of a large and representative gathering. The Bev. M. Shanahan presided, and in opening the proceedings said that they had met to testify towards Fr. Lynch, who was leaving the district. For the two years that Fr. Lynch had been in Hamilton he had attended most assiduously to his duties as a priest, and faithfully discharged the great offices of religion, that were required of him by his high and holy calling. Moreover, he had acted as a gentleman in all his relations, and there was a general regret that he was leaving the district. He (the speaker) was thoroughly pleased and highly gratified to see such a large meeting that evening, well representative as it was of the Hamilton portion of the mission. They had come to bid Fr. Lynch farewell, to shake hands with one who had often raised his hands in prayer for them. That Fr. Lynch was going away became known only on the previous Sunday, and within the short period that had elapsed since, many had combined to make him a present, as a mark of their esteem for him. With regard to the relations between Fr. Lynch, and himself, he could say that they had ever been of the most cordial and friendly character. In bidding Fr. Lynch farewell, they were losing a man whom they all regretted parting from, and it would not be easy , to fill his place. The meeting that evening was of a spontaneous character, but would be none the less appreciated by. Fr. Lynch on that account. Mr. J. Owens then presented Fr. Lynch with a welltilled 1 purse of sovereigns, saying that he did so on be- half of the ladies and gentlemen who had . subscribed, to show, in some way the love, and esteem in which they held the rev. gentlenje n - The Eev. M. Lynch, in. responding, said lie regretted very much that the occasion had arisen wiien he had to leave the district, and part from the people he had learned to love and respect. During his stay of two years in the district he had received nothing, but kindness and generosity, and the gathering there that evening—a gathering well representative of the Catholic community—he regarded as an evidence of cordiality and good feeling which he valued most highly.' They had presented him with a generous, testimonial, and he only .regretted that he had not made himself more worthy of the esteem • and regard they had testified to in' such a marked degree. During his stay amongst them he had tried to do as much, as hei could—he felt that he might have done more—in their interests. What he . had succeeded in: doing, they "had certainly .appreciated in a. kindly spirit, and -he »as much gratified accordingly. With regard to his .dutiesi as a prieBt, Fr. his remarks in that respect. Fr. Shanahan had never asked him to do what he himself would not have done. Their time together he always regarded as a time of pleasure rather than of duty. He (the speaker) had to work with a man of ability, and he was glad of his residence in Hamilton if-only for the experience he had gained under Fr. Shanahan's able generalship. As a young man he had gained experience ^hich would be most valuable to him in after We. (Applause.) The example which Fr. Shanahan had placed before him would be of great benefit to him. He accepted their kind gift with emotions of pleasure and gratification, and only regretted that he had not proved himself more worthy of it. He thanked them tery sincerely. (Cheers.) - 