THE STORY-TELLER. _*t_ PRETTY ANNIE. BY RUDYARD KIPLING. : This befell in the old days, aod as my friend private Mulvaney was specially careful to make clear, the unregenerate. There had boon a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between Learoyd's Jock and Ortheris's Blue Bot-both mongrel Rainpur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling minutes, and then Blue Rot -collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rauipurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the' sound of belt badges clinking against the nocks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer in some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake np a sort of imp* in their breasts, and they bell one to the othor.exactly like challenging bucks. This is noticeable even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line; it shows the refining influence of of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eyes be- gan to brighten, and he unburdened him- self of a long history in whish a trip to Malhatn Cove, a girl at Fately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangie. . " An' so ah coot's yead oppen from t' chin t' hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. .«Mulvaney came out of a reverie-he was lying down-and flourished his heels in the air. "You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, " foot you've only fought wid men, an' that's an ivry day expavrience ; but I've stud up to a ghost, an that was not an ivry day expayrience." "No," said Ortheris, throwing a corkii^ at|him. " You git up an' address the ^ 'ouse--you sn' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one nor usual P ' *« Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mulvaney, stretching out a huge arm and patching Ortheris by the collar. " Now, where are ye, me son P Will ye take the worrd av the Lorrd out av my mouth another time P" He shook him to empha- sise the question. " No, somethin' else, though/' said % Ortheris, making a dash at Mnlvaney'e pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it across the millah if you don't let me go !" " You maraudin' hsthen! 'Tis the only cutty I iver loved. Handle ber tinder or I'll chuck you acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk- Ah ! give it hack tonie, sorrp" .* Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as tho black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. " Will you tell us about the ghost fight If I do P" I said. "Ie ut theethory that's tronblin' you P AT eoorsel will. I mint'to all along. 1 was only ge Win'..ut my own way, as. Popp Doggie said whin they found him thryin' ftp "ram a cartridge down the muzzle.( Orth'ris, fall away !" . *' ^L. He> released.the little,Londoner, took Gk» pipe, filled it, and his, eyes, twinkled,: He bas the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. o:" Did I iver tell you," he began, "that i> was wanst the divil av a man P" «'»»'You did;'? said Learoyd, with ai childish gravity than made Ortheris yejl With laughter, for Mulvaney was always iWp«-ess»ng upon us his merits in. tho ; old days:"' . r-' : :*- "«\\. ' ; ' " Did l iver tell you !" Mulvaney con- tinued jcalnily,that T was wanst more av a dml titan I am now p" . r " Mer tria j : You don't7 mean i.t P" said Petheris; *V - . . ; ". '/ /. ;, " WbinJL Was.. Qojp'ril I; was, ,'rej aced afterwards, Ím¿:s¿s, I ..gay, whin I was* Oorp'ril,^:wasa>dorili0fiamaa.'' . He was isilput for nearly a minute. <> " iEyabl They was great times. I'm Wild now ; . my hides wore off in patches ; sinthry-go ha-* disconceited me, and I'm a ' framed man ta. Bat I've "had my day, I've had' my day, and nothin' can taso àway-the taste av that ! Oh, my time past whin I put' nie fut through ivery lt vin' Wah iv thé Tin Commandments between Bevilly and Lights Out, blew the froth; off a pewter, ^wiped me moustache Wid the: back av me hand an'' slept on ut' all sis. quiet as a little child J Hut ut's all over, nfs over, fan' 'twill uiver çome back to jue; not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the orild reg'mint to touch Oorp'ril Terence Mul- vaney f- I ni ver met him. I wy woman that was not a witch was worth the "the lookin'afther in those days, an''ivry -nun was my deareát; friend or*-^I-had ' stripped to him an' w's knew who was the' betther man av the tn'.' " Whin Ï was Gorp'ru I wad not ha' «hanged wid the Colonel-no, nor yet the Commanditer in-Chief. I wad bo a sargint, There was nothin' I wad not be l Mother ay Hjytn,. look afc me P Fwhatam I nowP But no mather! I must get to the other, ghosts-not the wans -in my onld head. " We was quartered in a big canton» mint-'tis no manner av nse nambi' . names, for ut might give the barracks 1 disrepitation-an' I was the Imperor av the earth to ruy own mind, an' wan or tn women thbughtîhe .same, mnall blame to ' tmm. Afther we had làin there a year; Bragin, the 'Oolonr-sargint av É Com p'ny, wini au* ink a wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady, in the station.' She's, dead now, is Annie Bra gin-rdied at JÇirpa Tal, or ut may have . been JilmorahrrseyeU-nine years gone, an* Bragin be married agin. But she! iras a pretty woman - when Brogin.intro- duced her ito. cantohmint society. She had eyes like-thé brown av a fouttherfly's. wing1 Whin the sun catches Ut, an'à waist j no thicker than my arm, an' a little s.»f1 bntioh av "a mouth I would ha' g mo through all Asia blistlin' wid bay'nits to get a kiss av. An'her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger-for- give me roentionin' that blundering basté in the same mouthful wjjth Annie Brugia -T-but 'tfjrapi all sphun gold ah'' ^time was whin àloçkav,'nt was more than di'monds. to me. There was uiver a pretty woman yet, an' I've had thruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. " 'Twas in the'chapel I saw her first, mb oi rolling round as usual to see f wat was to be seen. ' You're too good forBragin, my love,' thinks I to myself, ' bnt that's a mistake I can pntjstraight or my name is not Terence Malvaney, "Now, take my wurrd for ut, you Orther is there an' Learoyd,, and kane out .' av Married Quarters-as I did noe. Nb Sood iver comes of nt, an' there's always lie chance av your bern' found wid your face in the dut, a long picket in the back ev your head, an' your haute playin' the fifes on the tread av another, man's door , «top. 'Twas so we fonnd O'Hara, he that ' Rafferty killed six years gone, whin he vint to his death wid his hair oiled Whistlin' ' Larry O'Bourke* betune his teeth. Sape out av the Married Quarters I say, ss X did not. 'Tis onwholeBim, 'tis dangerous an' 'tis iverythiu' that's liad, bui-r^oh, me eowl, 'tis swate while it lasts ! ' «' I "I was always bangui' about there whin I was ? off duty and Bragin »J wasn't, bnt uiver a sweet word beyon' ordinär' did I get from Annie Bragin. ?? *Tir the pevorsity av the sect,' seis I ' to myself, *n' gayô my cap Another eock on ¿V head an' Straightened my back au' wint off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Quarters langhin'. I WAS persbúadéd-most boys are, I'm thinking-that no women born av women eau stand against me av I held np my little finger. I had reason for tbinkiu'.<that way-till I met Annie Bragin. " Time and agin whin. I was blandand herin'in' the dusk, a man would go past me SB quiet as a cat. 'That's qnare,' thinks I?'for I am, or should be, the only man in these parts., Now what devilment can Annie be up to F vThlri I called myself a blay)! uara for thinkin' euchthiugs; but I thought thim alt the same. Au' that, mark you, is the way av a man. .'^ "Wan ovéuiu* I said: 'Mrs. Bragin, uianiu' no disr» spect to you, who is ttiat corp'rii man'-I had seen the stripes, though I could never get;, sight av his face-' who is . that corp'rii man that comes in always whiniFm goin' awayf' " ' Mother a/ God !' -sez she, taroio' as white as my bolt; 'have you seen him, t»oP' "«Seen him !' sez I ; ' Av course I bave. Did yo waut toe not tos see him jot*--we :wère etandjn* ^ta'lkin' in the dhark, outside thè''y'erandah of. Bragiá's quarters-^* y'úi'd'better tell' ine tú shut me uves. . púlospil'tn mistakën.'he's come ¡now?." /'' ; I ;"An'.sure enough, the corp'rii man .was walkin' to us haugin'his head down as though he was ashamed av himself. . j t "Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez L very cool. ''Tis not for me to interefere wid' your ' amoors-but you might manage; these things wid more decency. I'm off to canteen,''I sez. '^1 turned on my heel au' wint away' swearih* I wnd give that man a dhressin' that Vnd stbon him messin' about the .the Married Quarters for a month and a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie B/agin was hangul on to my arm, and I cad feel that she was shakm' all .over.'' . r. _. " Don't ye go, : Mister Mulvaney !.' sez she..": " You're flesh sud blood at the least-are ye not P" " I am all that,' sez L an'r my auger wint away in a flush. ' Will I want to be asked twice, Annie P" 1 ;" Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, for, bedad, I fancied she had anrriadered at discretion, an* the honours .av war were mine. " ' What nonsinae. is this P' sez she, dbrawin' hersilf up on the tips av her dear little toes, ' Wid the mother'smilk notdhryon your iinpident month! Let go !' she sez. " * Did ye not say jost now that I was flesh, and bloodP sez I; 'I haye not changed since,' I sez, au' I kep' my arm where nt was. " ' Your arms to yoursilf !' sez she an' j her eyes sparkled. k( Sure 'tis only haman nature* sez I ; sud I kop' my arm where nt was. " ' Nature or no nature,' sez she, ' you take ynnr ann away or I'll tell Bragin, au he'll alter the . nature of the head. Fwhat d' yon take nie for ?' she sez "'A woman,' sez I, 'the prettiest in harricks.' J" A Wife,' sez she, the'straightest Sn cantonmints.' ; . '? i:- .? <* Wid that I droppM thy arm, fell back iii paces and saluted,1 for 1 saw that she mint fwhat she jsaid." ,"f : , " Then you know something that some ,men would give a good deal to be certain ( of. Howconld you tel! P" I demanded I in the interests of science, v "Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she shnts her hand, tight thumb down over the knuckle, (take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av your Hsilf av you sthay.- ©ut av the hand lies open on the lap, Or av^yon see herthryin' loghut ut an' she can't go on! 'She's not i 'psst reasonin' wîd, ,' W!èll, as T was : say^nVl fell back, saluted ah* was gobi' aw;ay,J> '' ' ,A\ ' ", ,'' , ! ^'".Sthay wid me* sez ¡she. * Look!" He's compag again.'. **. She pointed to the'verandah, an', by, the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'rii : mau was comin' ont ay Bragin's quarters. ; "'He's done that these last five evenin's past,'-: sez Annio Bragin. * O Iwhát shall Idof " 'Hell not do ut again/ sez I, for I¡ was fishtin'. mad. ¿' Saps away from; a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like a brute beast. . ' ] ' "j wint upto the man in the verandah, manin', as sure as I sit, to knock; the' life put av him, He slipped into the open. 'ÍFwhat are yon doin' philanderm' about. here, ye scum av. the, gutter, P" sez L , polite,i to give him his warnin', for I, wanted him .ready. "He uiver lifted his head, but sez all mournful and melancolius, as if he thought I wud be sorry for him ; ' I can't find her,'sez he. "'My troth,' sez L 'you've lived too long-you an' your seekin' an' findin's in a dacent married woman's quarters ! Hould up yonr head, ye frozen thiof av j Genesis, sez I, ' an' you'll find all you want, an' more !" ! "'But he uiver held up/ and I let go ¡ from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eyebrows. " ' That il do pour business,' sez I, but it nearly did raine inatid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at all and nearly put my shoulder out. The corp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bragin, who had been watchtn' from the verandah, throws up her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. 1 wini back to her, for a li vin' woman, Un' a woman like Annie Bragin, is more than a p'rade groun' full Uv ghosts.1 Fd never Seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stuck calf, askin' her whether she was dead, au' {>rayin' her, for the love av me, au* the ové av her husband, an' the love av the Virgin, tb;ópiu her blessed eyes again, an' cullin*' mesilf names undher the' cauopy av Hivin for plaguin' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ba* stud betuno her au' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his'mess.' " I misremember f what nonsinse I said, but I was not so far goae that I end not hear a fot on the dirt outside. > 'Twas Bragin comin* in, an' by the same token Annie was comin' too. I jumped to the far «nd of the verandah-an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me month. ?: But Mrs. Quinn. «tJie. .Quartermaster's wife that, was, had tould Bragin about my hang«t?rouud^¿iue'j ¡:. ; C .. ".That's bad heariu',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dim ven in. . What for, Sárgint J" sez I. " ' Come outside,* see he, and i'll show you wily»' . . . ... " ' I'm williuy 8ez I, 'but my stripes aro none so ou ld that 1 eau afford to lose thim, Tell ino, now, wno do I go opt widP.' sez.L ? "He was a quick man an' a just, an' saw f what I wud be af ther. 'Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez he. He might ha' 'known by me aekiu' that favour that I had done him no wrong. ..#..* * . .. # " ' I wint to. .the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, au' for ten'minutes 'twas all i cud do to prevent him killin' him- self against my tistes. He was mad as a dum dog-just frothing wid rage ; but he had no chanst wid me in reach or lrarnin' or anything else.. " ' Will ye bear reason P' sez I whin his first wind was runnin' out. " ' Not whoila. I can see,'' sez he. Wid that I gave him both van af ther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught when lie »was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing of a sick crow. "' Will ye hear reason now, ye brave manP' sez I. "'Not whoite I can speak,' see he, staggèrin' np blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, lint I wint round an' swung into the jaw si le on an'shifted ut a half pace to the lof. **.' Will ye hear reason now P* sez 1 ; *I can't keep my timper much longer, an"tis like I will hurt you/ " ' Not whaite I eau stand,? he mumbles out - av one corner av his mouth. 8o I closed au'threw him-blind, dumb an' . sick; an' jammed the jaw straight. " 'You're an'ould fool, Mister Bragin,' ses I. "You're a young thief,' sez he, 'anV Îou've bruk my beart, you an' Annie etnhe yon.' " *. ; "Thin he began cryiu' like a child ashs lay. ? I was.sorry as. I bad never beeb before. 'Tis an awful thing to see a strong ipadcry,*' ; " ' ¥£\ swear on the cross !' sez I. .. " ' I care for none of your oaths,' see he. .-,,.,,.,] V?,<3ome^&ck;[to youri qnarters/:sez I, 'au' if youJionft kliere the liriu' you shall listen to the dead/ ses I. ' : "I hoisted him and tnk him back to Jiis quarters. 'Mrs. Bragin/sez L ' here's a man that you can: cure quicker than me/ - "'You've shamed me before my wife,' he Whimpers. ' " * Have 1 so P' sez I. * By the look on Mrs. Bragiri's face 1 think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you/ " An* I was ! Annie Bragin was woîld wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use. that was not: given my way. I've had my Colonel walk ronn' .me like a cooper roan' a cask for .-fifteen minuts in the. ord'ly- room be kase I wint into the corner shop an un- ' strapped lewnatic, but all that I ever tuk from his rasp ava tongue was gingerpop to f what Anuiè tonld me. An' wat, mark you, is the way àv a woman; " Wbin ut was done for want av breath, an' Annie was bendin' over her busband. I sêz : ' Tis all thrue, au' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wau service that I 4id yon P' As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came np to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shqnealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. '"I can't find her/ sez the corpril man an' wint ont like the puff av a candle. " 'Saints stand betune us an' evull" sez Bragin crossin' himself. 'That's Flahy av the Tyrone Bigmint. T -«rWho was he/ sez I, ' for he has given ¡ me dale av fightin' this dav, '. > "Bragin tould us that Flaby was a eorp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, j huntin' for her. "'Well,' ses I to Bragin, 'he's been hookin' ont ar purgatory to kane company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' for the last fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin to you, an' you've been listenin', that she j ought to onderstand the differ 'twixt, a man an' a ghost. She's had three bus-: bands,' sez I, * an* you've got a wife to o {food for yon. Instid av which you ? lave ter to be boddf red by ghosts an'-au' all manner of evil spiruts. I'll nt ver go tafkiu'tn the way av politeness to a man's wife agiui- G»od night to you both,* sez I. Au' wid that-JL wtUt away, lia vin' fought wid woman, ' man an' di vii in tlie heart av an hour. Au' - that's fourteen years gone ! Eyah ! Cork's owu; city an'the blue sky above ut-an' the .times that waa-the times that was Í" - ? < 