AFRICAN EXPLORATION AND MR. H. M. STANLEY. From "The Graphic " Stanley Number, April 30, 1890. When the history of the Nineteenth Century comes to be written, one very noteworthy chapter is sure to be an account of the re-discovery of a lost continent. Centuries ago Africa may be said to have been explored to a certain extent; and, although many of the ancient maps erred on account or their compilers drawing somewhat upon their imagination, yet in broad outlines a wonderfully correct idea was given of the configuration of even the centre of the continent. How completely all knowledge of the continent was subsequently lost may be proved by a quotation from a report published in 1808 by the African Association : — "Africa stands alone in a geographi- cal point of view— penetrated by no inland seas, like the Mediterranean, Baltic, or Hudson's Bay ; nor overspread with extensive lakes, like those of North America ; nor having, in common with the other continents, rivers running from the centres to the extremities ; but, on the contrary, its regions are separated from each other by the least practicable of all boundaries, arid deserts of such formidable extent as to threaten those who traverse them with the most horrible of all deaths — that arising from thirst. . . . The paucity of rivers, added to their being either absorbed or evaporated, instead of being conducted in flowing lines to the ocean, will give a singular cast to its hydrography, the direction of their courses being moreover equivocal through the want of that in formation which communication with the sea usually affords at a glance." The Association published a map in the same year, showing the interior of Africa as a vast waste, populated alone by wild beasts. Looking at the map of Africa to-day, one finds it presenting a very different aspect from that depicted in the fore- going sketch. Now the routes of travellers cross and re-cross almost the whole of the continent ; great rivers are now known from their sources to their mouths ; great lakes have been discov- ered and described, and, instead of the unpopulated deserts which were imagined to constitute Central Africa, it is found that the country is densely populated according to the estimates of Boehm and Wagner, Equatorial Africa alone containing some forty-three million inhabitants. The total population was estimated by the same authorities in 1882 at 205,825,000. ANCIENT EXPLORERS. The Phoenicians probably circum- navigated Africa, acting under the orders of Pharaoh Necho, about the year 600 B.C. They sailed down the Red Sea, passed the Cape of Good Hope, coasted .along the western shores, and returned to Egypt by way of the Mediterranean, passing through the Pillars of Hercules (Straits of Gibraltar), and arriving in Egypt after a three years' cruise. This is recorded by Herodotus. Another expedition started from Carth- age under Hanno about 470 B.C., which, sailing west through the Pillars of Hercules, then coasted towards the south, probably as far as Sierra Leone. "The experiences of these ancient ex plorers were weird in the extreme ; vague; too, and indefinite are the des- criptions they give of their adventures: — "The confused noise of drums and shouts which fell upon their ears at night, and the fires which blazed up in every direction around them, form re- markable features in their journal, and go farther to confirm its truthfulness than anything else. If due allowance is made; for their superstitious notions and excited imaginations, they saw and heard nothing but what is perfectly familiar to every one who visits that country in the present day. The confused noises of drums and shouts: were but the accompaniment of evening war-dances, and would not fall less strangely upon the ears of a visitor of the present day, provided he had no knowledge of the intent of them, than they did upon the ancient Carthagin- ians. They met also with gorillas, and the account they give of their contest with these mimics of humanity is graphic in the extreme. Apart from these early explorations, we find that Northern Africa and the Nile Basin were well-known to the ancients. As Mr. Stanley has now proved, they were wonderfully informed as to the sources of the Nile — a fact which, if recent explorers had been more inclined to credit it, would have pre- vented, much useless speculation. We find that Eratosthenes gave an accurate description of the Nile, mentioning its tortuous course at Meroe, accurately describing the Atbara, and the rise of the Blue Nile in the Tana Lake of Abyssinia. Nero also sent an expedi- tion as far as the junction of the Bahr- el Ghazal with the White Nile, and Mr. Stanley's most recently discovered Ruwenzori is found to be identical with the Mountains of the Moon described in the fourteenth century by the Arab writer, Schcad Eddin. Ptolemy also described the White Nile as having its origin in lakes lying to the south of the equator. The description given by Peter Hey- lin in his celebrated "Cosmographe," published in London in 1657 of the Lake Region of Central Africa, may be quoted as showing that some definite knowledge of that region was then pos- sessed, and indeed the information is sufficiently correct to make us wonder that explorers of more recent times have not long since solved the origin of the great rivers. Writing of Central Africa, or, as he calls it, Ethiopia Inferior, Heylin says "Nothing else is told us of these parts by the ancient writers, but that the Lakes or Fens of Nilus were occasioned by the great abundance of snow which fell from the ' Mountains of the Moon;" and that in many parts hereof there were rhinocorots, tygers, elephants, but these last all white. " In this country is the Lake of Zembre, so much renowned for giving birth to the greatest rivers of the world; though itself but 50 miles in compass. For out of the abundance hereof flow the famous rivers : — 1. Nilus, which, passing through some part of this country, and traversing the whole length of the Abassian and Egyp- tian Empires, endeth its long course in the Mediterranean. II. Zare, the greatest of all Africk, but unknown to the ancients, which, running eastward through the Kingdoms of Manicogo, and taking in the lesser streams of (1) Vamha, (2) Barbela, (3) Coanza, (4) Leunda, makes many islands in this way ; and at last by a mouth of twenty eight miles wideness, disgorgeth his full stomach in the Western Ocean. III. Cuama, which, making his passage to wards the East, and much increased by the addition of six great rivers, after a long course of seven hundred miles (in all of which it is navigable) loses itself in the Indian or Æthiopic Ocean. And IV. Fluvius Spiritus Sancti, or the River of the Holy Ghost, which, shap- ing a course opposite unto that of Nilus, endeth it in conclusion in the Southern Seas." Referring to the mouth of the Zare (Congo) the same author says that ' it falleth into the .Æthiopic Sea with so great a violence that for ten miles commonly, for fifteen some times, the waters of it do retain their natural sweetness, not intermingled nor cor- rupted with the salt sea-waters. Nor can the people sayl above five miles against the stream by reason of the cataract or huge falls which it hath from the mountains, more terrible and turbulent than those of the Nile." In describing the inhabitants of the Congo District, Heylin, speaks of their cannibal propensities, and their superior knowledge of medicinal drugs and poisons, and he relates that they are so expert with bow and arrow that they can shoot twenty-eight arrows before the first arrow falls to the ground. The Arabs in the middle ages pos- sessed considerable information regard- ing Africa. Edrisi's Map, drawn in 1154, was fairly correct, and the Sahara and the Soudan were very accurately described by Ibn Batuta and Lee Africanus. PORTUGUESE EXPLORATIONS. The fifteenth century may probably be said to compete with the nineteenth in the extent of African exploration accomplished. The Portuguese then made remarkable strides, both in their discoveries and in their foundation of a colonial Empire.-- Prince Henry, the navigator, must be credited with the initiation of these discoveries. The Cape of Good Hope was readied by Bartho- lomew Diaz in 1486. He called it the Cape of Storms, a name, however, which the King of Portugal changed to its present designation. The celebrated Vasco de Gama rounded the Cape in 1498, and by.the sixteenth century the Portuguese were established both on the east and western borders of Africa. As Burton wrote : — "The Portuguese in the sixteenth century established factories on both casts, eastern and western. Their traders crossed the interior from shore to shore, whilst their missionaries founded large and prosperous colonies, such as Zumbo, in the east, and Salvador in the west, with cathedrals, churches, chapels, and storehouses. The explorers did not neglect either the lake regions of central inter-tropical Africa, or even the basin of the Zambesi River, and the mouth of the Congo was discovered by Diego Cao, or Cam, or Can, in 1484-85." The Portuguese settlements, however, cannot be said to have been satisfactory, and they have gradually diminished in importance; other nations now possess much of the country that they un- doubtedly first explored, and one cannot say that eren their records of explora- tion were safe from oblivion. RECENT EXPLORATIONS. Passing now from the dim and some- what misty records of the past to the explorations of Africa in the nine- teenth century, it will be necessary to restrict our survey to the Equatorial regions and to the work of the most prominent explorers. For, since the. African Association was founded at the beginning of the century, explorers have been legion, and their work enormous. It is probable that James Bruce's journey in Abyssinia from 1768 to 1773, and Mungo Park's explorations in West Africa, were the factors which first excited the interest of Great Britain in African exploration, an interest which, judging from the avidity with which every scrap of information concerning Mr. Stanley's latest expedition has been awaited, has not in any way diminished, but gone on increasing to the present day. It was Mungo Park who explored the Niger, and who opened up a route towards the Soudan, which is now being utilised for commercial purposes. In 1816 the mouth of the Congo was ex plored to some extent by Captain Tuckey, but his expedition met with fearful hardships, and very few of its members returned, the rest falling victims to the climate. Livingstone's work must next be mentioned. It commenced in 1841, and only ended with his death in 1873. He was the first European, with the excep- tion of the Portuguese, to cross the Dark Continent. Having previously dis- covered Ngami Lake in 1849, he left Loanda, on the West Coast of Africa, and reached Quilimane in May, 1856, having mapped out the -whole course of the Zambesi in his journey. In 1858 he again returned to work, explored the Shire, and discovered Lake Shirwa. He subsequently discovered and explored Lake Nyassa, added greatly to our knowledge of Tanganyika, and finally was engaged in exploring Lake Bang- weolo, when he laid down his life in the cause for which he had spent it. It is impossible to give details of his unselfish labors. One can only point out that he, perhaps, of all explorers, was the greatest. He did more than all others to make the name of England respected by the natives, and, by his patient care for them, he won the hearts of the negroes and the respect of the Arabs. Livingstone always considered that Tanganyika might ultimately prove to be one of the sources of the Nile ; indeed, after Baker's discovery of Lake Albert, many thought that this suppose- tion would prove correct. We shall see, however, in the sequel, what the state of matters really is. DISCOVERY OF THE GREAT CENTRAL AFRICAN LAKES. About the year 1850, three mission- aries of the Church Missionary Society, who were stationed at Mombasn, in East Africa, reported the existence of some great lakes far to the west of their station. This report led to brilliant discoveries. The first expedition which resulted was that of Burton and Speke, in 1857, when Burton discovered Lake Tanganyika ; and Speke, making a journey to the north; sighted the Vic- toria Lake, but at that time was unable to do more than conjecture its impor- tance. In 1860 he and Grant started to investigate this lake, and by 1862 they had established the fact that it was at any rate one of the sources of the White Nile. They visited Karagwe on its western shore, and made the acquaint- tance of the gentle Rumanika, with his enormously fat wives ; and subsequently they visited Ugonda, and met with King Mtesa, a man who has been famil- iar to all students of Central Africa, not only for his power and bloodthirsty- ness, but also as an enlightened ruler, anxious for the good of his people, and for the introduction of civilisation to increase their prosperity. But more of him anon. Following the course of the Nile, Speke and Grant met Samuel Baker coming south in search of them, and they having reported to him the existence of another lake, he was successful in the Albert Nyanza in 1864. Thus at last old tradition had proved correct, and the mystery of the sources of the White Nile was practically solved. To be continued). 