The Story Teller. MARY MALLERBY'S PARTNER. — o — CHAPTER I. " THIS is no road for free men whilst the prisoners are at work." So runs the inscription on a square notice board which was placed at the corner of the road skirting Bayminster Common. Bayminster, in addition to being a cathe- dral city and a garrison, has the distinction of possessing in its western outskirt a con- vict establishment. A mile or so out of the town, and fronting on the wide expanse of gorse and rough herbage, stretches a long low line of buildings environed by a wall some twenty feet high, above which at far intervals small, black square windows scowl at the free world outside them. The road above referred to leads towards a large stone quarry ; and in the early morn- ing, at noonday and at sunset, squads of men march 'twixt quarry and prison — from dur- ance to labour, from toil to captivity — bonds- men, because they are the foes of liberty. Look at this gang approaching, listen to the dragging rhythm of their slouching tramp. As they pass you four abreast, and you gaze upon their sullen, hopeless faces, you instinctively congratulate yourself that the rifles of the warders who march at their head, their flank, and their rear, are loaded. Looking at the fierce eyes that scan you from beneath beetling brows, noting sinis- ter lines about some of the shaven lips, you feel that you would not care to come across some of these men alone. Perhaps it is the wisdom which in the after light of events all men possess which makes you say. " These men look criminals ; " perhaps in other days many of these have moved among honest men : honest, perhaps, themselves, without even a shadow presaging their com- ing, fate, or the evil that their hands and hearts would work. Looking at them now it seems to you no broad arrow is needed to stamp them as what they are. Ah ! there is this difference between them and us — they are found out. They pass on until they reach the quarry, and recommence their tasks. Most of them are there because they sought, fruits without labour ; now their portions is labour without fruits. Stationed here and there down in the quarry, the warders pace to and fro ; others, too, are stationed on the brink. One almost wonders which is the more monotonous lot, the worker's or the watcher's. But life has its surprises even here. There is a shout followed by others, a heavy thud, a shrill cry, then a moaning. One of the convicts has slipped from a ledge in the rock he has been working, and has come crashing down, pick and all, and lies sense- less and bleeding. For a few moments warders and convicts forget the artificial relation they bear each other ; the bond of humanity and brother- hood draws a group of them around him who lies sorely wounded— a convict, a mere, num- ber, 48, still a man ! And No. 21, whose eyes have often in passing rested on a belt of gorse that runs along the common, and who has often re- flected what a splendid cover that would make if I pauses in his work. When the excitement is over, and the gang is mustered, No. 48 is missing. His bondage is broken for ever.; they will never try to recapture him. But they are two short. Where is No. 21 ? — CHAPTER II. In Bayminster Town Hall there is a sound of revelry by night. There Is a fancy ball in aid of a local charity, for charity covers a multitude of vanities as well as sins. Civic state lends its lustre to the scene in the per- sons of the Mayor and the Town Councillors, with the respective wives of their respective bosoms. Aristocracy has toned the assembly by leavening it with a few " families ; " and value, represented by the colonel and officers of the Spatterdash Foot Regiment, basks in the sunshine of Bayminster's beauty. En masse the crowd Is kaleidoscopic: Anal- ysed it is woefully unoriginal. The inevitable white evening dress with black shirt front and cuffs is here. Although there is no Richmond, there are several Richard the Thirds in the field. The Ophelias would fill a nunnery ; there are Hamlets enough to dis- tract them all. Henri Quatre and Louis Quinze of course never miss a fancy ball. There is a flock of shepherdesses. The Pompadours would have crowded the Trian on, while the number of Marie Antoinettes would have taxed the accommodation of the Temple. There are Marie Stuarts of every time of life from fifteen to fifty ; as for the Blue Beards and Henry the Eights, it would be difficult to find them a wife apiece. "Why doesn't somebody come as some- body or something novel ?" petulantly asks Mary Mallerby, the banker's daughter, who is got up in grey muslin of wondrous folds to represent a cloud, only that her face beams with sunshine and reveals the fraud. " Captain Fadden, whatever induced you to paint your cheeks that ghastly white, with those horrid carmine streaks?" Fadden protests ; as for himself, his char- acter is quite original. . " I'm the only clown here, anyway," he chuckles.' " Here we are again." " A clown ?" pretty Mary raises her eye- brows, and adds: " You deedn't have put on those hideous calico garments to make it clear," for it is characteristic or lovely women to be rude to the men who adore her. Fadden is not half so stung by the re- mark as by the chorus of giggling at his ex- pense which follows it and edges off with a downcast expression, which makes him look, for the first time to-night, really funny. The band of the Spatterdashes wails the first plaintive bars of a dreamy waltz, and on a few seconds the polychromatic throng is whirling round in pairs. On one of the stone balconies of the Town Hall a man is crouching in the dark, peering In at this window and that through the chinks which let out gleams of light. At last he reaches on which is quite dark, and from the other side whereof comes no sound of music or laughter. He lifts the massive sash, in an instant he has entered a dark passage. Groping along this, he comes to a door ajar. Cautiously peering through the aperture, he sees a laudatory, well-lit and furnished ; better than all empty. " Now, a good wash is the very thing I want," soliloquises No. 21, as in the mirror facing him he beholds himself begrimed with clay and limestone, and haggard with the excitement of his flight. " Here we are hot and cold water taps, beautiful white towls, brushes, and combs — splendid. Now, if I could only see some coats and hats lying about ! " He draws the little brass bolt securing the door ; then revels in the luxury of having hands and face in the soothing hot water ; then in the vigorous exultation of plunging head and face in the cold. In a few minutes he stands there, red, rosy, and shiny, the dirt brushed from his convict dress ; for though criminal, No. 21 is very particular in some things. He starts as he hears a step along the pas- sage. In an instant he has opened the op- posite door ; pushed aside a heavy baize curtain, and stands — In the glare of a dazzling light, in the presence of a crowd of people, many of whom start instinctively as he bounces in upon them. What shall he do : run amuck amongst them, and ere he is captured, lame one or two, just for the satisfaction of get- ting something for his money, or, rather, his " time?" Or shall he retreat ? He stands still, feeling that one thing is certain — he is lost : his short spell of liberty is at an end. But a shout of laughter breaks on his ears. A dozen voices echo, " Capital ! " "Bravo ! " " The best idea in the room !" and what a strange lot of people they are before whom he stands ! Are they ghosts come back from many bygone ages ? No, they are to up- roarious, too rubicund, too merry ! Captain Fadden approaches. " By Jove, you know that's a nailing good costume to come in ! Only don't you know, a real convict wouldn't have such clean hands and face, and wouldn't have been so particular about his hair. " No. you know, you have got the dress all right, and you've shaved clean, but anybody who looked closely at you would see that you are not a real con- vict." No. 21 takes in the situation in a moment. There is a fancy ball going on here, and they think he has come in character. Good ; he will not, if he can help it, undeceive them. " Ah ! but everybody isn't quite so keen as you are, dear boy," he answers. " But I was in despair what to come as till I men- tioned the subject to old Martinet, the gov- ernor at the convict place, and he said, ' Go as one of my chaps ; I'll lend you a uniform. And here I am." "Who is your friend got up as a con- vict ?" asks Mary Mallerby, as Fadden pass- es her. " Do introduce me ; you know I am gone on originality." It is the common complaint of painters, sculptors, and writers that when they pro- duce anything especially true to nature it, will be scouted as unreal. Mary Mallery, has only danced twice with No. 21, who had permitted Captain Fadden to introduce him as Herbert Featherstone, when she expresses herself to her new acquaintance. " You know your impersonation begins and ends with the dress. To keep up the character you ought to be quite different to what you are. " " A compliment to myself, but not to my talent for posing, " he replies. " Just so. You are like the common peo- ple who ape gentility ; you spoil the illusion when you open y our mouth. " She is thinking what thoughtful eyes he has : how full of character the face which is so close to hers. " There goes Lady Landel. What a Juliet ! " " Rather more like the nurse," laughs 21. He has forgotten all the past right back to the days when he moved among the same kind of folk he is meeting now — when he called two girls — like, oh, so like, this one ! — sisters, and they owned him as a brother ! " By-the-bye, did you notice her portrait in the Academy this year ?" Mary rattles on. "I didn't go to the Academy this summer, " replies 21 " I was abroad. " " What country ? " "America." " Why didn't you stay ? " " Had to come home to urgent business. " No. 21 might have added with truth that he was extradited, but who ever tells woman the whole truth? " Well here comes my partner for the gav- otte. Good-bye ; so sorry I haven't another waltz to spare you. " She is gone, and then he remembers his danger. At last he finds his way through a corridor to a vestibule, where certain of the company who have changed at the Town Hall have deposited their garments of every- day life. Availing himself of a moment when no one is about, he boldly appropriates one of the bundles, and in a few minutes has arrayed himself in the garments it contains. The change is complete, and he is mentally debating whether or not to hide the convict dress he has just doffed, when to his horror Captain Fadden reappears ! " Hallo, you off ? " inquires the captain. " Yes, I must be going. " " But it's only twelve o'clock. " That's just it. The fact is, I keep a pub- lic house at Slinton, and I've got an idea that my people are going to play pranks to- night, so, as I cant afford to lose my licence, I mean to drop in on them and surprise them." Fadden is so mortified at the idea of hav- ing introduced a local publican to Mary Mall- erby that lie has no answer ready. He can not upbraid the man because Mary herself through him sought the introduction. Before he can recover his surprise his new acquain- tance has, with a laconic " Tata," departed. " What thundering impudence ! " mutters the captain. Then his eye falls on the clothes which the departed publican has rolled in a bundle and placed on a shelf. " By Jove, I've an idea! How funny I should look in that convict dress with my face painted as a clown. He's left them all : cap, jersey, knickers, stockings, and boots. I'll put 'em on. Hang it! I'll amuse Mary somehow." He puts them on ; he re-enters the ball room, and screams of laughter greet his strange appearance. He does indeed amuse Mary. He congratulates himself he has created a sensation. He creates a greater one than he has bargain ed for. Ten minutes later a group of police- men thread their way through the company, and heavy hands were laid on Fadden's shoul- ders. Are these other characters ? No, they are disagreeably realistic. They insist, in spite of all explanations and expostulations, upon the captain's accompanying them to the prison, and a wet blanket is thrown over the assembly as Captain Fadden, escorted by the stalwart constables, is marched out of the Town Hall into the street, where a vehicle is procured, and he is driven off. Of course his identity is proved next morn- ing, but he narrowly escapes further unpleas- ant consequences, and a charge of having aided the escape of a convict ; but the memory of the event clings to him so long as he remains at Bayminster, so that when the news comes that the Spatterdashes are ordered elsewhere no one is more, delighted than Captain Fadden. As for Mary Mallerby, she often thinks with mingled feelings of horror and pity, of her partner in those two memorable waltzes, and determines in future not to insist too strongly upon originality, at all events in fancy dress balls. As for No. 21 — nobody knows ! 