IN JEST; il . a morning in the early spring of .l1t ,;:r twa men stood leaning ag:ainst tli ? inanlt!aece of a lroom ill one of the .,<r::leer :,,tics. The faller of the w. i--ie n 0:lto was at 11ihome ill the rool- na?: a slim, we!.l-dressed man, wearing .;s hair parted exactly in the middle, ;:d(ia dni:iiaond pin in the sailor knotof his i,,. 1li, froek coat was opeln Intld his lithibs were stilck in the armholes of his ; aisicoat. The atiittde denoted con0 !ph:cenicy, and the man was compla c0lnt. ' Well, the funny part of it is," he was ysaying lightly, his shoulders pressed against the miantelpiece, " that I am din ing at [the BJlrtonl Smitlls this even ill.." " Ah !" his coi?panioio answered, look ing up at him withl eyes of envy. " And so you will laze it her?" "Of co;rse.' " Lucky dog !" " She is to caeo to tlo 'o to-day. Ilut they do not knoi- abotut our engagemeont yet, :id as heo do i.ot wanlt to blurt it 1u1 t1 moIn.:t,, .uht arrives-s-o for this tvenisg it will ibeo sect. I tlioulght I would tell you, thiough." lie stepld iaway as ihe spoke to ;tiia:hten a t!l oturnecov-Ottered dis Iach oliex s!aninllg ion the tabli behind Iit.. It bore. beIides the Ilanuting, gilt capIitals " O." :t modesi t plate witI thei 1:0ue "" Ernest ibberley "--his antame. The other waiedl until lie resuled his l':toand then lie answred,holdingouthis lamd : ' Yes, I an glad you told me, old buy. 1 c, ,r.ntulate you i nest heartily." "Tbh:ni yIu, Jack. I knowe you ould!. I rather feel myself that 'fate c.li,t hlari me. i have dined to .;' h!appy fellow !" returned Jack, and ipiaiCnt!y ditappeared. l'lTe Ilauton Smiths wlhom we hIav l:ea'rd theml, mention are tolerably-well k!i,own ii London. Blurton Smith is a lauriist.r with money and many relations -Irilh landlords, Scotch members, In dtian judges, and the like, Hiis wife is younllg, gracious and fond of society. 'flhir trawin, roos on the the topmost flat ,Of i Insilo, 3a:lisions-rooms with sloping ceilinlgs and a dozen quaint nooks and cor:nrs-are seldom empty during the l -'e?tion hours. This particular dinner party had been '! igAd n-it! solte care. 1"?Lasre will come, no doubt," is. ."nirtn mi?ith had said one day at h:'cal:fali. conninig li list she held in her hau1, " a'l "r. 3Tay." i"ut lilrion Smitl strongly objected to " '!e wiil talk of nothintig but India," l:e lte.tcd, L and the superiority of C't!,ku'tt over London. A little of tile:, ml.:bay ducks goes a long way, my i" ill, IJ;unes," ' rs. lurton S-iilh r:plied- th, Io,. Vereker Biay is a son of Lt,:'d liawtihorn-- " ie will tlake me in mul I dyi oit mind, Only I must have Jlr. 1 'ii,-Lel.ey i': the otthler side ttl1 akei en-Li ,in : i keel.p me alive. Let tte s'.-tih ; will bi thlree. And Joanna hitrlil--t:.e Cliaes that afternoon-four. 1,, you 1 ,,a, a:tnes, tlwhtn we were at Tcl:ele: ]:thley for Christmas I thought fthre ,:. ,orietbig between your cousin a::d 3Ir. W\ bherley ?" lThen for oAodlness' sake do not let ih,'li sit toeither." "Wh inot?" "I :caise they will chat to each other all, to no ilt oi else." "'\rr ell," -rs. Smith assented. SThey shiall sit opposite each other, and SMr. Wiblerley shalll take in Mrs. Galan t 'e. Sihe will be sure to flirt with him, and we can watch Joan's face. I shall su .s'eo if tflere is anything between lit-m tlihen, of eourso." " Very clever plan, my dear." Mir. Wibberley was a young man of sailte iipietalce, if cIly int his capacity lof lalate secretary to a minister. He lal- a tllousand acqiluintances ald ceor tainly tin, friends-perhaps three. He mlighlt Ie something some day. He dr ssed well, looked well, and talked ecll. l Is was a trifle conceited; but trotlen like that in young Ilmen, and he hId an ilnfinllite tact. At anyatc lie hehaI hover yet found himself in a place too strimlit for him. Tthis evening as he dressed for dinner he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well with him. - lie was going to a house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. Alid then there would be, as we know, someone else. "Lady Linaere," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. "Mr. May you have met before," con tinued his hostess, "and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not ?"' He murmured assent, while Joanna shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a i:oment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. lie re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and oflred his arm td lMrs. Galantine. She was an old friend of his-as friends go in society. He had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or three times. "Who is that girl?" she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. "I declare she would be pretty if her nose were uct so short." He seized the exeuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. " It is rather shoet," he admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. "But some people like short noses, don't you know I" " And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrutms! lut seriously, she would be pretty if it vere not for that." " Would she ?" " Well, I think she would, do you know ?" And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, her nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteesn. . Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet lie had would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether lie should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be more iple:sant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to the charge fresh as a rose. "She is a cousin, is she not?" she said, speaking soloud that Joanna looked across and smiled. "I have never met her before. Tell me all about her, please." "'Tell her all about her!" \Vibberley gasped. He saw a dillicilty in obeyintg, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast nm appalled glance round the table, then lie bent to his task. "Mrs. Galantine," lie murmured sweetly, conflidentially, "pray--pray he ware of becoming a-a potato" AMrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. "How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib borley ? What do you menu ?" "What I say." " Now, how could 1 become a potato ?" "You see miy plate ? It is a picture. You Ilave there the manly heef and the feminine peas, so tender, so yousn ! And the potato is the colsfildant-it in insipid. I)Do you agree with me?" "Bravo, Mr. WVihaorley ! But a:ns I to apily the parable ?" she asked, glane ing sharply across the table with her fork uplifted and a pea h upon it. " I am to b se ie potato T' " The choice is with you," lie replied. iMr. Iaurton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, _trcw puzzled. Look as often as she might at .Joansna,sho saw no sign of jealousy or self- conscious ness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be enjoying herself to the full, and to be as muIch interested as any one at table. IMrs. Lusrton Smith saw clearly that there was nothing between the two. But Wilb rlcy's success with hMrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn lie grew rest less. By ill-luck, tos, the Hon. Vcreker May had reached that period of the eoen. inig when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each othelr fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen snelh nud thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They were therefore abouit on a par as to informnation, and what the younger man lacked in obstiacy he made uip by readiness. It was in vain tie na bob blustered, assertet, contradipted fin;ally grew .ulky, silent, stertorous. Wf\tberloy pushed Iis triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid for it dearly. It so hbappened that he was the last to enter the drawing-room. The evening swas chilly. The ladies had gathered round the fire, protected froi assault by a couplo of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamnps. The incomers passed one by one thlrough these outworks- all bu.t Wibber Icy. lie cast a despairing glance at ,loanna, who was by the fireplace in the heart of the citadel; and then, reaigniirg hlimself to separation, lie took a low chair Isy one of the tables and began to turn iover the books thereoi. Hle scanned them all, and tlhen hIis eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plushl- a sketchly gold bracelet with one big boss-Joa:na's. Hlie looked at tlie rest of the party with a stealthly glance. None of thlem faced his way. They were discussing a lphoto graph of lchildren on the over-mantel. IHe stretched his hand out softly ansd covered the bracelet. lIo wonuld take it for a pat torn,andto-morrowJoanssa should ransom it. He tried to catch her eye, as his fingers closed on it. He wanted to see hlerface change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it, yet unable to prevent it. But she would not look, and he was obliged to be content with his plu:der. Heo slid the trinket deftly under tIhe fringe of thie table and clasped it on hIis arn. Te had a keen sense of the ridieu lous, and hlie wouls not for all the world that anyone besides Joanna should know of the act; that doddering old fbssil of a May, for instance, who, Ihowever, was safe enougls-standilg on the lhearthl-rog with his back turned and hIis slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley began to find the party dull. ,Ho.saw small chance of a privste word with Joaina. LadS' Lin acre, his nearest neishior, was prosing on to Mrs. ]urtl,;. ...ith, his next nearest. And he himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. lie rose, and was stooping across the table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, when Lady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the lamp at the moment, and he fanicied he had touched her head dress. " Pray pardon me, Lady Linacre I" he cried, gaily. "I am just going-I have to leave early-so the encroach ment will be but for a moment." "It is not that," the old lady replied. "But oh ! where is my bracelet ?" She was feeling about the table as she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands the few volumnes that layouil it. No one on the instant, however, seemed to take in the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and nas listening to Wibberloy. The others were talking. Lady Linacre was used to attention; and when she spoke again hee voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. "Where is my bracelet !" she repeated. " The one with the Agra diamond I was showing you, MIrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, andit is gone !" W\ibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, but did not clearly apply them. TIe finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as lie turned recol lected himself and said withl polite solici tude: " What is it, Lady Linacre ? Hlave you dropped something ." Ile stooped asl he sp.ke, and she drew her skirts aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : "What is it, Lady Linacre ? What nave ydu lost ?" "My Agra diamond !" she replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her silk flounces. "No I" said someone in surprise. " Yes," she returned dismally. " Why, it was here a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." The old lady held out her wrists. " See for yourselves. I have not got it," she said, feebly. " But are you sure it is not in your lap 1" asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the most prudent looked uncomfortable. "No ; I am sure I laid it on the table by my side. I was going to put it on wrhen the gentleman camne in, and-it is gone !" She was quite clear about it, and looked mildly at Wibberly for conlirma tion. The table was between them. She thought lie must harse seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. Burton Sm!ith saw the look. "I sapy, Wibberly," appealing to hlii half in fun, half in earnest," you have not hidden it for a joke, old follow?" " I? Certainly not." To this day Ernest Wibberly wonders when le first made the discovery of what lie had done-that lie had taken the wrosngbracelet. It was not early-it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that lie felt himself redden andii awoke to thie consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arm. It- l.ight have said at once, " By uove ! I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of iinid," but such excuses to avail must be made at once, and lie hesitated. Then iacih moinent made the avowal more dilliceslt and les possible, until ihis host :asked him if lie had hidden it for a joke. and le had answered with well feigned sur prise : " I? Certainly not." Afewof the guests werepeerinmstupidly about as if they expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or writhin the globe of a lanp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations. " Wait a moment! I have it !" she cried. raising her head. "Well ?" from several. "'John must hav-e found it when lihe brought in the tea. Ring th:e bell, Ja:mes, do. and we will ask him." So it was done. John came in and the question was put to limi. "Yes, sir," he answered, readily "I saw a bracelet on this table by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin acre. -" Did you move it ?" "Move it, sir 1" the inman repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. "No, sir, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to-to Mr. Wibber Icy, I think it was." "Al, well, that is all. You may go," answered hjs master. It was not possible to doubt the man's face an?4 minner. lBgt when hed had left the room all uncomfortable silejnco ensued. " It is very strange," said Burton Smith,looking from onte to tile other, and thengroping under the table. "It is very strange," Wibberly mur mured. He felt bound to say somelhing. He fancied the others, and particularly May, were casting special looks at him. IHo felt asif he were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. " It cost," quavered Lldy Linacre, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently -"it cost fourteen thousaud out there. Indeed it did; and that was before it was set. Ahlushl fell upon tle room. "Fourteen thousand pbunlds !" BIurton Smith exelanimed. "No, no, not pounds, rupees," tile old lady hastily added. "I urdersand," Ihe replied, rubbing his head. "But that is a giod stun." "It is over a thousand pounds,"snid the Indian civilian, stoutly. "But good gracious, James !" said Mrs. Burton Smith, iilpatiently, " whyareyou valuing Lady Linacre's jewellery instead of findilng it for her I It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Where is it noe W?" "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. " I lope--" "For a joke !"i cried the hostess. "I say, my dear," he persisted, " if Ianyolneis doing this for a joke I hope lhe will own up. It has gone far enoughl." There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant,'half exculpatory. uit no one owned to the joke or produced tihe brace let. ,"Well, well, I never!" Mrs. Burton Smith.exclaimed. And as the company looked at each other it seemed as if they also had never known anything quite so extraordinary. "Really, Lady Linacre, I think it must be somewhere 'about yo.u," said the Ihost atoalst. "Would you mind giving your self a good shake, just to satisfy me ?" She rose, and was solemnly pr,.paring to agitate her skirts when a guest said: "'You need not trouble yourself, Lady Linnare. It is not about you." The Honorable eere,ker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious dryness in his tones, and le glanced from the dowager to Wibberley. "Then where is it?" retorted Mra. Galantine. "Do you know ?" " If you do, for goodness' sake speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Everyone turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. - " You had better ask Mr. Wibberley," said the nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical eftect on every one. .Joanna turned sod and pale. and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked ather husband. He looked furtively at Wibberley, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberley had thought Ihimself merely in an awkward fix, from which lie must escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self- respect. But now I at the first sound of the In dian's voice he saw his danger-that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. Ills presence of mind seemed to fail him. The room, the ex pectant faces turned to hinm, all with that strange expression on them, swamr round before him. lie had to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself. But lie did steady himself, do far tlhat those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. lie drew himself up and looked straight at his accuser, holling the chair suspended in Ida hands. " What do you mean I'" said hlie. The cirilias returned his gaze. and said, in cool, omeasured accents: "I should not have spoken if Mr. Burton Sllitlh Ihad not twice appealed to us-if a.ry joke was being played to con fess i." "Well ?" "Well, only this," the old gentleman replied; "1 saw you yourself take Lady Linaere's bracelet from that inable a eow minutes before it was missed, Mr. Wib berler." "You saW it mc?" This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If lie felt certain of one thing it was that no one had been looking at him when the un lucky deed was done. " I did," replied the civilian, dispas sionately. "My back was toward you, but my ryes were on this mirror-" lie touched an oval gl:lss in a Venetian frame uhich stood onil the mantel. "anid I saw quite clearly. I a:s bound to say that, judging by the expression of your face, I was assured that it was a trick you were playing--a jest." "And now ?" Wiellrley triedtosmile. intihe could not. Ile shook all over. lHe felt limself -and this time it was no fancy-growing livid. " To the best of my belief, the bracelet is on your left arm now," added the civilian. W?iiblerhly tridi to tmaster, but could not, the imp:llse to gl:lce down at his wrist. Th'e ide that the biracelet mig.ht be visiih! overcamle iiis:. !ie looked down. Of comaeso tleres s o thiing to he seen ; he might have known it, for lie felt the lot clasp of the horrible thing Ibu-n iug hisarllm inchesl higher. But when hei looked up again, Ileeting as had beenu his glance, lie found that soml:-thlni:r a:s ful lid hadaiplenicd tolii. MIe faltfreld.iind the chair dropped from his lihands. l e hadl never met such looks belore. lie read in every face save one i :spicion and Ceon demnnation. Thief an:ld li..r! Ihe read the words in thie eyes of his quonidasm friends I Yet lie would, lie must brazen it out; and though lie could not itter a word, he looked from tihes to J;oanna. The girl's face wa:s pale and seared. But lher eyes-they auswered hlis right eagerly-were full of indignation. They held no suspicion. The moment hlis look fell on hlier she spoke. "Show tlhelm yor arm: !" lshe cried im pulsively. " Sliow tlle you llhave not got it, Ernest !" There was such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need thel tell-tale nanme which fell to glibly from her lips to betray her secret-at least to tile women. Show his ari ! Ah, that was jist whali:t lie could not do! And as lie compre headed it lie gnashed his teeth. He saw himself netted and entrapped, and his rage :and misery were so written in his fiace that the best and most merciful of those about him turned away in shame and pity. Even the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of.doubt and fear. 11cr words, her suggestiou, had tajen from him his last chance.' IIe's;fwvit was so. Ile felt the Nlemesis th'oe ioro bitterly on thrat ac count'; and with a wild gesture, adid soase wilder words, lie turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat; and went dcown the street. His feelings when lie found himself outside were such as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. lie had wrecked his honuor and haplpiness in an loer. He had lost Iris place among niem through a chance word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still tlhe thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding citizen whom a monloent's passion lias made a mIurderer, some strong man lwhom a stumnning bleow has left crashed and writllig on the ground, a twisted cripple-only these could fitly describe his mlisery and despair as ?le travolledthe streets. It was misery hlo had brought on himself, and yet hiow far tlhe punislhment exceeded tile offence ! How immensely the shame and'exsposure exceeded the guilt ! lIe had lied, and the lie had made himi a thief. He welit up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what lie did, tore tIhe bauble off his arm and liung it on the mantel. By Ihis last act of bring ing it away lie had made his position a hundred timnes more serious, but lie did not at once reinember this. After he had sat a while witlh his Ihead between his hands, wondering if this really were him. self-if tllis really hld hI:lppened to him, this dreadful thing i he began to see iore clearly. Still, lie could not at once Inmaeo up his mind what to do. oeyond some hlazy idea of returning the bracelet by tlhe irst post and going oni tle continent-of course lie milst resign his enmployment lie had settled nothling, when a step out side made him start to his feet. Sonme one knocked at the door of his clhalmbers. IHe stood listening, struck by a sudden fear : "' Tb police I" he said to himself. But a moment's thought satisliedlhimn that it was improbable if not impossiblo that this summons should be theirs; and i he went to the door listlessly and throw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith ill a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just glanced at him and saw that lie was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and eat down with his head between his hands again. He looked already a broken mall. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but. it is worse, if a man he a man. to face a fellow creature in his time of shlamre. "Look here, Wibberley," said Burton Smith at length, as nmuch embarrassed as if he had been the thief, " it will be better to hush this up. Give ile this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacre. and the thing shall go no further." His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat Iris question, when Wibberley gave hint no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even than the man with the Ihidden face did not speak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indlicated and looked. lie was anxious to spare the culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the confounded bracelet. ITe seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place with all speed. But lie laid it down the next instant quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companins. " This is not the bracelet," lre said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it was wholly hostile. IIis ,patience was exhausted. " It was a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Linacre lost, as you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!" he added with sudden vehemence, "for your own sake, do not play thlle fool now. I say, wake up, Wibberley. For God's sake where is tire bracelet?" No doubt despair had partially he numbed Wibberley's mind, for still he did not speak, and Burton Smith had to put his question more than once before he got an answer. When Wibberley at last looked up it was with a dazed face. "What is it ?" he muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. "This is not Lady Linacro's bracelet." " it is not ?" No." Still confused, still avoiding the other's grave look. Wibberley rose, took the bracelet in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw hinm start violently. " It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; lie thought the exchange: a foolish, transparent arti lice. " But Lady Linacre's bracelet has a large brilliant where that has a plain boss. 'rhat is not Lady Linacre's brace let. Wibherley." Tihe accused man turned away, the circlet in his hand, and went to the win dow. where tie stood for a moment with out rlookin;s out into tile darkness. Tile curtains were not drawn. As he stood there. niherwise rmotionless, his shoulders treimbledl :o violently that a certain dreadful vuspieion seized his late host ; and the latter desisted from watching him and looked about for a vial or a glass. At the end of the minute Wibberley turn:ed. For the first time he confronted lis visitor. Ilis eyes were strangely brihrt, lis face very pale; but his mouth 0wa strong and firm. "I never said it was, you knos," he answvered grimly. " IWhat was ?" I" Inever said it was L.ady Linaro's. it :'as you who said that," lie continued, hii; head high, ta singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost harsh ill iris tone. " It was you-you whlo susliected me ! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." "And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanor as by his denial. "It is Joanna Burton's. We are en gaged," Wibberley replied sternly-so entirely had the two men changed places. "She intended to tell you to-mtorrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when I thought no one was looking. It was a foolish thing to do." "Anid it was my cousin's bracelet that May saw you take ?" " Precisely." Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then lie added : "But why'oon earthl old fellow, did you not explain ?" " Firstly," Wibberley replied with force, "because I should have had to proclaim my engagement to all those fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly-- well, I did not wish to confess to being such an idiot as I actually was." " Umph!" said Burton Smith, slowly, ans odd lighlti his eyes. " I think you were a: fool, but-you will shake hands ?" " Certainly, old chlappie." And they dlid so very nrarml . " Now, then," continued thIe barrister, ihis face becoming serious again, " the question is, where is Lady Linacre's bracelet 1" "That is haridly my business," said Wibberley. "I ram sure you will excuse miy sayingl so. I have had trouble enough with it--I know that-and if you don't mind I'mr off to bed." Diut tlhougt iris friend left hIim on tire instant, Wiblerley did not go to bed a once. MTr. Burtoan Smithr hurrying homo ward-to linrd rwhe hie reached Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacre's bracelet had been discovered in a flounce of her dress-would have been very much sur prised indeed could hIe have looked into the chambers a minute after his own de parture. He would have seen his friend east dcown on his knees before a great chair, his face hIidden, his form lshakenr by wild, hysterical sobbing. For once Vibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all ment to awake andt find their doom a dream. Only in dreamse does tlrhe cripple get hIris strength again, and thie mnur dorer iris old place amrong hIris fellow men. Wibberloy wasfortunate. And the lesson-did he take it to heart ? Well, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay--ask Joanna. She should know. ' uE tho0u art obliged to spak, he sure to speak the truth; for equivocation is half way to lying, and iying is the whole way to eternal detrsction.-William Penn. 