SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (From a London Correspondent. ) LONDON, March 7. A very interesting figure in public life is Lord Dunraven, and a somewhat restless one. lie began life as a thoughtful young man; then he became frivolous for a spell; and now he is thoughtful again. He has gone into a partnership with Lord Randolph, which embraces the turf and the eight hours movement. They are both amongst the "resigned" of the present Administration, and tiiey are agreed in opinion that the pre sent official conservatism is an infecund thing, which cannot Inst, and can leave nothing to fill its place. Like Emperor William, the heads of these two eldprly youths are filled with dreams of leading "labour" into untrodden paths, and using it as a battering ram wherewith to crash the. demons of plutocracy And convention. For two years last past Lord Dunraven's chief pre-occapation has been the chairmanship of the committee of the Souse of Lords which has been in vestigating the "sweating" question—his lordship having as his chief assistant the pleasant and clever Mr. Kynloch Cook, who is now returning to southern Seas as the International Chief Justice of Samoa. Lord Dunraveh entered upon his labours with no particular political objectin view, but as time went on ithegan toditwn'qponhim that in re dressing the ills which were unfolded before bim day by day, lay the best chance of the new and more vital toryism of which dreams were passing in his head. In Decem ber last he became captivated by the eight honrs arguments of Mr. Sidney Webb. Then he persuaded Lord Randolph to take up the eight hours move ment, and the two of them have been "at it" hot and strong ever since, forcings!! the other parties in the state to consider the expediency of coming into line with them : upon the subject Having thus p^nhjged head and ears into the cause of labour,\6ord Dunraven proceeded, as chairman of the; Sweating Committee, to dpi#'up a must drastic report, breathing' state Aocialism in every paragra^xgnd/thts he submitted to his colleagues^fnetuding among th^m Lord Thring, the Bishop of London, Lord Derby, and Lord Rothschild. They were all aghast at the draft, and the only question among them was, who should take upon himself the unpopular task of moving its rejection. In the end they fixed upon Lord Thring, because he vjrgs a creation of Mr. Gladstone's, and Btill a Gladstonian in general politics. His Lordship accepted the task. Haying got rid of Lord Dunraven's draft report, it became necessary for him to draft one of his own, but having paid little attention to' the details, he felt nnequal to the task, and, driving down to the East End, placed himself for the purpose under the tutelage of Miss Geraldine Potter. Miss Geraldine Potter is a lady who was at one time a saint and heroine of culture and liberalism. Abandoning the joys of inmily and Bocial life some years ago, she took up her abode among and cast in ber lot with the miserable toilers of the East End. Familiarity seems to have bred contempt in this case, for she is by no means a eulogist of her neighbours, although, her dogged Lancashire nature forbids her to desert them. She has come to believe that everything is lor the best in' that best of all possible East Ends, aud she has the greatest eon tempt for those who gird against nature's own law of "sweating." . Lord Thring's report, when it sees the light, will be Miss Potter's report, and a fine piece of good old "Gradgrind" political economy It will be. In the meantime, Lord Dunraven has re signed the chairmanship of the committee; and the "Labour party"and the Socialists are girding bitterly against Lord Thring, and against incidentally the Gladstonians, to whom he belongs. An incident such as this might have great effect on a general election, should it be the case that the Cabinet are going to spring one on the country at an early date. Lord Tbring is a dry and precise old "equity-draftsman," who spent the greater part of 1m working life in drawing bills intro duced into Parliament by successive Minis tries. In his time, he Invented some entirely new modes of framing legislation—one of them be christened " incorporating by re ference," a mode of saying Jwbat you do not mean, or of concealingwhat you do mean, which has cost ' the public several hundred thousand pouhds in law costs disbursed .in arguing as to the, precise effects of Lord Thring's referential legislation. Another thing that Lord Thring j invented was the breaking up of the text of acts, of Parliament into half lines, sub sections, and snippets, so as to make the whole look something between a doctor's piejcriptibnand the catalogue ot an art sale.: However, bis achievements so impressed those under whom he served, that no honour was deemed too great for him, and on retiring into private life be received the i extraordinary reward ot a peerage. The sensation of the week bus been the I suspension of Mr. Laboucbere by the House of Commons for refusing to withdraw an expression of his disbelief in Lord Salisbury's word. " I saw there was nothing for it but violence," be remarked blandly an hour afterwards; "John Morley and that lot were bo dead against me ou the merits, hut it just served my purpose, as it undoubtedly won us the North St. Pancras seat." Ttiis version of his conduct is probably an after thought, because Mr. Courtney's ruling is admitted on all bands to have been erro neous in point of Parliamentary law, and Mr. Labouchere could not have counted on the most cold-blooded of men end denly losing bis judgment owing to a fit of righteous indignation. As to the truth of the incident out of which the debute arose, I believe that the .following are the true facts. All the Marlborough house set were fully convinced of Lord Arthur Somerset's innocence, and the evening of the. 18tb of October had been fixed for a dinner at the Marlborough Club, at which hiB Lordship was to take counsel with Colonel Oliver Montagu, hia commanding officer. Sir Dighton Probyn, and Sir Francis Knollys, as to the beat eteps to be taken for vindicating bia character. Without any reference to thiB meeting, the Prince of Walea directed Sir Dighton Probyn 16 meet Lord Salisbury (which he did at a railway elation) and inquire whether nothing could be done to counteract certain rumours affecting another person in whom H. R. II. was much interested. Lord Salisbury said tbat he had not heard these rumours, and that there was no ground for them ; but he went on to add that he had heard rumours about another person, meaning Lord Arthur, and that, though the evidence was then insufficient, he believed that there was more to follow. Sir Dighton Probyn returned to Marlborough-house horror-stricken at the weight of the case ngnitiBt the friend whom he believed innocent. Having dreBsed for dinner, he walked across the street to the" club, looking like a man who had seen a ghost. Lord Arthur was watching him unseen from behind some coign of vantage. He noted his expression, and taking it as an indication tbat the game was op, stepped into the cab nt the door, on which his luggage was already loaded, and drove to Charing Cross, where he took the Continental express. Voila tout I As is usual in seasons of great political ferment, an epidemic of blackballing has broken out at the clubs. Lord Sandhurst, a most taultlesB young swell, has been black balled at the Travellers lor marrying Lord Spencer's sister, and being the Bon of his somewhat aggressive and rhetorical mother, Margaret, Lady Sandhurst. Then, again, Mr. John Wonlte Flanagan has been heavily " pilled " at the Athenaeum as being the author of "Parnellism and Crime." An ex'raordinary effort was made to save him, Mr. Buckle, the editor of The Times, arguing eomewhat naively that he hadn't written "the worat parts." and Mr. Benja min Jowett, the master of Bal'.io), spending a little fortune in telegrams, exhorting all the sons of Btilliol who were members of the clnb to go up and vote for him. But 440 supporters would! have been necessary to counteract the 44 blackballs of the Glad stonians, and only 272 men came up in Mr. Flanagan's support. .The Reform Club is likewise torn by a similar dispute about a Mr. Hopkinson, a very eminent professor of law from Manchester, who has offended the local Gladstonians by becoming a candidate for the seat occupied by Mr. Jacob Bright. If he is rejected, it is expected tbat the Re form Club will die a natural death for want of new candidates, each side blackballing the other's men ; indeed, it ib said to be pos sible that the same fate moy overtake the' Athenaeum. Indeed, unless the Irish ques tion is somehow settled on amicable lines, I do not think that society in England can continue to be carried on as hitherto with social tolerance and neutrality. It will split up into two, like the society of the Blacks and the Reds in Italy, or the Royalists and Republicans in France. Even as it is the two camps have corns to live very much apart from one another, and things are going. on pretty comfortably. The odd and embar rassing part of the thing will make itself apparent when the present Opposition comes into power and must take its part in the public and ceremonial life of the country. I suppose some sort of social trace will be patched np then, but it is difficult to see how things will arrange themselves. 