TEMPERANCE NOTES. I (Selected nr the Women's Christian Teiiteeaece 1 Gough’s Beautiful Peroration on Water. “This is the liquor which God the Eternal brews for his children—not in the simmering still, over smoky fires, choked with poisonous gases, and surrounded with a stench of sickening odours and rank corruptions, doth your Heavenly Father in Heaven prepare the precious essence of life—the pure Water—hut in the green glade and glassy dell, where the red deer wanders and the child loves to play, there God brews it; and down, low down in the deepest valleys, where the fountain murmurs and rill sings; and high upon the mountain tops, where the naked granite 1 glitters like gold in the sun, where the storm- 1 cloud broods, and the thunder storms crash ; ' and away far out in the wide wild sea, where 1 the hurricane howls music and the big waves ; roar the chorus, sweeping the march of God— there He brews it—this beverage of life— . this health-giving water, And everywhere it ' is a thing of beauty, gleaming the dewdrop, ! singing in the summer rain, shining in the ice gem till the trees all seemed turned living ] jewels, spreading a golden veil over the setting ‘ sun, or a white gauze around the midnight ■ moon, sporting in the cataract, sleeping in the ! glacier, dancing in tnc hail shower, folding I its bright snow curtains softly about the 1 wintry world, and weaving the many-colored : iris—that seraph’s zone of the sky, whose ' warp is the raindrop of earth, whose woof is ] the sunbeam of Heaven—all chequered over ! with the celestial flowers by the mystic hand 1 of refraction. Still always it is beautiful, this ' blessed life water. No poison bubbles on this brink; its foam brings no madness and murder ; no blood stains its liquid glass; pale Widows and starving Orphans weep no burning tears in its depths; no Drunkard's shrieking ghost from the grave curses it in words of eternal despair. Speak out. my friends, would you exchange it for the demon's drink—Alcohol ?” “Your husband seems very fond of angling.” “He is.” “ Does he bring home all the catches?” “ Yes, and more too.” ' How odd it is,’ said Pat, as he trudged along on foot one hot sultry day, * that a man never, meets a cart going the same way as | My birds have flown,’ said an unfortunate chicken fancier, ‘and it will not be easy to re-coop my losses. Miss Snowball.—" Mistah Jolmsing, don’t yer squeeze me. You are abusin' de liberty ob de press ; 'deed you is.” . ‘'Do you think I'll get justice?’ - 'Oh, no, you’re ail right j lhej’11 acquit j-oti.’ 