Monty's Great Tank Act. BY HOWABD FIELDING. I sat in an uptown chop-house after the threatre last Wednesday night, eating my modest lunch of terrapin and other simple fare, and wondering whether, as a poor lit erarian, I could afford pie, when two gentle men took the table next me and at once be gan to talk in so entertaining a manner that the problem of pastry went quickly out of my mind. I perceived at once that the gentlemen were actors. This was apparent from a certain generosity in the style of their talk-an open-handed willingness that other p ople should hear what they said, and enjoy the graceful fluency of their delivery, whether they wanted to or not. "Have. you heard the latest from old Monty T" said one. " Monty?" "Yes; Mlontmorency, the old, perennially busted 'heavy' who has played up and down the free-!unch circuit for the last ten years, and nowhere else that I ever heard of. I used to meet him regularly when I was in New York, and lend him a five-dollar note or some trifle of that kind just to help the old fellow along. Well, I was simply thun derstruck, the other day, when I heard that the old fellow had caught on." "Got an engagement I" " Yes ; it happened this way. Billings you know him, the original tank drama manager in this country-well Billings was running his new, realistic, spectacular, scrip. tural play called 'Jonah,' founded on the vtl ~i torVof r.-.-N- a big tank of real t?a~er,n`aa"t ship, and a , with machinery inside of him so that he could swim and wag his tail around, and swallow things, just as in life. He had written up the part of Jonah to a good melodramatic character in hard luck for four tough acts, but coming up smiling in the fifth. Jonah in the play is the persecuted hero who is thrown overboard at the instigation of the villain; but he finds the missing will and other valuable documents inside the whale, and turns up with them in time to marry the girl and live happily on her income." "Good plot, by jingo. Ought to be a go. Sunday-school theatre parties, moral lesson and all that sort of thing." "Looks all right, doesn't it? But the trouble was that Billings kept losing his Jonahs. There was a rood deal of swim ming in Ithe part, and the whale was damp inside, so that, with pneumonia, influenza, and the use of quinine, most of Billings' Jonahs wound up.by playing an engagement of one matinee before a coroner and a jury of twelve. So Billings came to town to hunt up a man with a cast-iron constitution. He dropp d into Rigg's agency. Old MIonty happened to be there. " ' Riggs,'said Billings, 'I'm looking for a good Jonah.' " 'Why don't you take old Montmorency ?' said Riggs. ' He's been made up in the part for the last twenty years.' "' Old man. Riggs,' said Monty, bracing up, ' you've told the truth for the first time in your professional career.' "Then he opened up on Billings. ' Sir,' said he, ' I understand that your aim is realism; and the hour has come when you can secure it. Jonah himself was not more truly the victim of fate than I am. I have strugglel against it all my life, and it has left a stamp upon my brow which an audi ence would be quick to appreciate. Ah, who can struggle against fate ? Energy and ability are all very well in their way, but they do not beat four of a kind. When fate stars in with the determination to fray out the bot oms of a man's pantaloons, that set tles it. They are frayed. I have walked home from nearly every part of this country and Australia. But, sir, I am an artist above everything, and I have learned the lessons which hard luck can teach. There will be more realism in my portrayal of this famous Old Testament Hindoo than in any amount of real water in a tank. I have queered everything in my time, sir, from a church fair to a pot hand.' "Billings looked at him, and thought of what he had been through, and he said to himself this is the man to live through the rest of the season if anybody can. In short, he engaged him. They went out on the road, but somehow the play didn't make a hit. Monty was a good Jonah to look at, and the audience must have wondered why the ship didn't sink as soon as he stepped on to the gang plank. The scene where the sailors threw Jonah overboard was a fair hit with the gallery, and the boys always wanted the crew to fish Jonah out and throw him overboard again. But, on the whole, the thing was slow. " Billings was all the time trying to tinker it up, and he would come to Monty with suggestions. "'Jonah,' he said one day, 'what do you think of engaging a real whale ? I've got an offer of one, and the man who owns him says that he can be trained to do the part to perfection. Now, that's realism for you. Don't like it, ch i Well, now, that's funny. I thought it would please you. No danger, of course. We'll let him swallow a dummy for a day or two till he gets used to it.' "But Jonah wouldn'c have it, and he and Billings were in trouble from that day forth. Janah kept kicking about the water in the. tank He said that the scene was laid in the tropic., and it destroyed the realism to fill the tank in the morning and let it skim over with ice before the performance. He insisted that his contract called for warm water, and he objected to sitting in the wings with an old stocking round his neck and a bottle of cough medicine on each side of him just because Billings was too mean to heat the blamed old tank. " But Billings couldn't see it Hewas down on Jonah, and used to make him rehearse with the sailors every morning. He said that they must learn to make more splash with him, so for three hours a day they tried him feet first, head first, and every other way. Then he experimented with the whale. "' I want to improve his internal machin cry.' said Billings. so that he'll look sicker when the cue comes for Jonah to land. The audience sometimes haven't paid much at tention to the play, and out here in the West they're a little weak on Scripture, so that when the whale begins to cut up they are naturally curious to know what he's been eating that should make him feel that way. Then when they see Jonah they say, "This ain't realism; that whale ought to have been a darned sight sicker." We must try to bring this thing up to an artistic standarcd.' "One day out in Cheyenne, when the re ceipts weren't big enough to pay the whale's board, Billings got desperate. He told Jonah that the play was too sombre in its tone needed something to liven it up-and he suggested that they should introduce a dead calm after the storm scene, and let Jonah come out upon the roof of the whale and do a song and dance. They tried this trick for one night, but it didn't work, and at the next town a creditor levied on the com pany's effects. He put on his attachment right in the middle of the storm, just after the whale had closed his little arrangement wi h Jonah. "Old Monty heard what was going on, and he just lay still and said nothing. He knew that Billings would skip out and leave the company to find its way back to New York along the track. The ghost hadn't walked for two or three weeks and Jonah was broke, so it occurred to him that he would wait till he found out which way they were going to ship that whale bdfore he made his presence known. 'It turned out just right for Monty. The whale was sold aet auction next day to the representative of a metropolitan museum, and Monty and the whale were put aboard a freight car, tagged for the bowery. " 'The prophecy of the whale is fulfilled,' said Monty, ' and the whale takes Jonah back to dry land again.' " About the mornin, of the second day ou', however, Jonah got hungry. He tried to make an exit through the whale's mouth, but the Sheriff bad nailed it up. Then he took his jack-knife and cut a hole in the whale's side big enough to get his head and one hand out, and he fixed it so that he could tack up the flap of the whale's hide when anybody was looking. When this was all fixed he stuck his head out and took an observation. There was nobody in sight, but right under the lee of the whale was a row of dinner-pails left there by the train hands. " ' What was the manna in the wildernes to this ?' sa;d Jonah, as he pulled a dinner pail inside the whale. It was nearly two days since he had tasted food, and one din ner was only an appetizer. So he reached out for another pail. This was how it hap pesed that the train handts, when they came to dinner, f ,und nothing but a row of empty pails. Jonah, safe and satiat d, heard some language which did not encourage him to come out. ,Oh, no; he stayed right there, and landed in New York safe and sound. "Well, the whale was finally hauled to the dime museum and dumped into the tank, and bye and bye Jonah heard them letting the water in. Then the dime mu seum lecturer began to tell th. audience how the whale had been captured near the place where the latest investigati,'ns indicated that the Jonah incident had occurred. He said that the pnarks on the whale's teeth showed that-iMds ge wee-ahout right to-flt.t t "' How wonderful it wou'd be,' he con tinued, ' if this should be the same whale, and if within his interior he should still con tain relies of the illustrious dead-things out of his pocket or his hat, perhaps, or a pint flask?'j "Then he pried the whale's mouth open and out walked Jonah. It was the hit of his life, and, sir, by Jove, to make a long story short, he was engaged at a good salary to do the act every hour at the museum, and he's making a great success. Take it for all in all, I think this is as remarkable an il lustration of the vicissitudes of our honor able profession as ever came to my notice." I turned and looked at the actor when he finished his story, and the truthful gleam in his eye justified me in giving his narrative to the public. It is doubtless as near the truth as any story I could tell myself. 