 MAGISTRATES' COURT.— GAWLER. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2. [Before the same Bench.] John Edmondson was charged by John Pederick with feloniously assaulting Wil- liam Thomas Pederick at Gawler River on Thursday, 28th August. Mr. W. R. Lewis for informant ; Mr. S. B. Rudall for defendant, who pleaded not guilty. William Thomas Pederick, of Gawler River, a lad, son of the informant, said — On Thursday last went to fill up a gutter about 3 or 4 o'clock in the afternoon. It was near a fence dividing informant anud defendant's land. Defendant told him to keep off. Defendant was standing in his own paddock and witness was on his father's land, and defendant said "if you don't keep off I will knock your head off." He then threw wet clods at witness, and next sprang over the fence, hit him on the head, wrenched the spade from him, and threw it into his own paddock, and threw witness down in the mud. He then went back to his own paddock. Witness then got the spade, came back and began filling up again. De- fendant used profane language. (This was detailed, but is unfit for publication.) There were also present witness's two aunts and two sisters. Defendant said he would baptise them with water, but not the Holy Ghost. Mr. Rudall submitted that only such cir- cumstances as bore on the charge laid should be gone into. It was not necessary to pile on so much agony. Mr. Lewis contended that the whole sur- roundings were quite admissible and that it was preferable to laying several distinct charges. Cross-examined by Mr. Rudall — Defen- dant was there first. Witness had been there previously in the afternoon and had been banking up the gutter, which prevented the water from flowing from defendant's to informant's land. Defendant was clearing away what witness had done in the morning. Some of the dirt which witness threw splashed on defendant's clothes. Did not say in reply to defendant, "No, I won't, you big ugly coward." Said he was a coward, and if he kept his land witness would keep his. Mr. Rudall—"You were not very much, were you,?" Witness —"Not much." Mr. Rudall —"You have often had your ears boxed, haven't you ?" Witness —"Sometimes." Mr. Rudall —"You were rather cross, weren't you?" Witness —"I should say I was." Heard witness's aunt say to defendant, "if we all tackled you we could give you a good ducking." Re-examined — The drain had only been opened a fortnight before by defendant, and had the effect of throwing the water on to informant's land. Did not throw the mud at defendant. Emily Rose Pederick, daughter of plain- tiff, corroborated previous witness as to the circumstances of the assault. Witness was standing at their back door about half-a- section off at first, but afterwards went down with his sister. Defendant pelted clods at them and used indecent language. By Mr. Rudall— Witness's father said it was half-a- section distant. Neither wit- ness's father or brother told her what to say. Did not see her brother throwing mud on defendant. Ada Ann Pederick, daughter of plaintiff, also corroborated. By Mr. Rudall — They did not get on very well with the Edmondson family. Louisa Pederick, sister of the informant, also corroborated. John Edmondson, farmer, Gawler River, the defendant, sworn, said—Saw young Pederick on Thursday last at the drain. Pederick said you will have something to do to get it away this time. He also threw mud at witness. Was mud from head to foot and had to change his clothes when he got home. Said "you had better leave off my boy." He said "I will not you big ugly coward." Then got through the fence, gave him a pat on the ear, which would not have hurt a baby 12 months old, and took the spade from him. He (the boy) then fell down on his hands and knees. Threw the spade away. Kicked the bank away in two or three places to let the water follow its natural course. The distance from the drain to Mr. Pederick's house was 10 chain. Miss Pederick's house was nearly twice the distance. By Mr. Lewis — Did not go into inform ant's paddock to kick away the bank. Was in his own. Did not throw clods at Miss Pederick. I wish I would drop dead in the box if I did. Mr. Lewis—"Were you not in a temper at this time." Defendant— "No, I could hardly keep from laughing at the pluck of the boy." Re-examined—The bank was an artificial one. Defendant added—"They are great enemies of mine ; they would hang me if they could without judge or jury. My way is to do what I would be done by." Luder Krudop, of near Angle Vale, farmer, said—Knew the land occupied by the defendant, also that occupied by Mr. Pederick. Saw a bank had been made be- tween Pederick's and Edmondson's land, which had the effect of stopping the water from going from Edmondson's on to Pederick's. Verdict for 5s. and costs, £2 6s. in all. 