MERCURY JUNIOR. BERTHA'S DEBUT. The ? theatre was crowded from the topmost gallery to the orchestra chairs. Out at the entrance was the legend " Standing-room only." Warmth and music and perfume floated out to the loungers in the vestibule. People chatted in the dim light and commented npon the new mural decorations, or wondered who the people in the boxes could be. Presently the orchestra finished the overture. The *' gods" in the gallery grew .impatient and began to call for the curtain to rise. Better-bred people wondered what could be the ?matter, and read the cast, and all the advertise- ments, and then read the cast again. There were on the list names of men and women famous in their profession ; nnd, indeed, every name on it -except one was known to the impatient audience. This was a very short name half way down the .cast, and it stood opposite the character Richard, Duke of York. " Joe Wade," they read,-" Master ? Joe Wade," with the thought, " Now, where did lie come from ?" and then they fell to studying the curtain, and the orchestra began the bars which served as a prelude to the opening of the play. At this time, behind the scenes everything was in a state of systematic bustle. Each man or ?woman had something to do and was at work. The only calm figure on the busy scene was that of Walsh, the stage-manager,-a n.iddle-aged man with iron-gray hair and moustache. His face wore a serious look, heightened by the furrows about the mouth. He sent directions and commands flying to unseen stage hands in the mysterious region fcelow the floor, or in the dimly-lighted space above. " Take that ' fly' out of the way !" he j ßhouted to one ; " Hoist up the moon about two feet. Bring an extra ' tormenter' * down left' ! Get out of the way, Pie !"-this last to a sharp featured lad of sixteen, who acted as call-boy. " Is everything ready for the first act ?" " Yes," came the answer. " All right !" said Walsh ; " clear the stage." And there was a scurrying of feet as all the Btage-hands left the set-scene and huddled in the wings to watch the opening action, or went off about their other duties. One man, watching through a peep-hole in the curtain, saw the signal from the leader of the orchestra, and communicated it to the cnrtain-man by two sharp strokes on a gong, and sprang off the stage as the curtain with a steady crackle rolled itself in psnderous folds into the upper region. Kings, queens, and lords moved about through the mimic tragedy. Pie, the call-boy, huriied to and fro in a state of dis- traction. The men would stop to talk and the -women to put the finishing touches to their " make-up," and they all seemed to object to being ordered about by a boy with freckles ; but it was the business of Pie to have everyone in readiness to etep upon the stage at the proper moment. The great tragedian was in excellent mood, and he limped and frowned through the part of Richard the Third (for it was Shakspeare's tragedy of that name they were representing) in a truly blood- curdling manner. He was as wicked and cruel as any one could wish, and the people applauded him to the echo. In the midst of thia highly successful act, Pie happened to go to the dressing-room which was assigned to the two little princes who had come there to be smothered. The Prince of Wales waa there, in an elegant velvet suit and in a state of despair. He was the son of an actor, and had been on the stage ever since he could tell taffy from peanuts. Even earlier, in fact, for he had been carried on in his long clothes and had then caused every woman in the theatre to exclaim, "How lovely!" This small gentleman was in a rage truly princely. "That little dunce, Joe Wade, has n't turned np," he said. "Now, what am I to di? I can't go on and speak his lines and mine too, and I suppose the audience won't be satisfied with only one prince." Pie rushed to Mr. Wakh. " Duke of York isn't hexe, sir," he cried. " Not here !" said the stage manager, in a tone of dismay. " Let us see,-that is Wade, isn't it ?" " Yes, sir." "I wonder what can be the matter with him. He rehearsed this morning letter perfect. Hasn't any word come from his mother ?" " I'll see, sir," said Pie, as ho dashed off to ascertain. The stage-manager stepped quickly to the dressing-room of the tragedian, where, in a brief absence from the stage, the cruel Richard tras eating a sandwich with evident relish. " The boy who rehearsed the younger prince has n'fc showed up yet," said Walsh. "Oh, como now," said the malignant Gloster. " That's too bad. He was a bright lad, ' so young and yet so subtle.' " "Can't wo cut the Duke of York'scene?" sug- gested tho stage-manager. " No, sir," retorted the other. " Not aline shall be cut out. Is n't there any one else ?" " I can't think of any one else who can do the part," said the stage-manager. " I should think yon would have an under-study all coached ready for an emergency like this," said the actor with considerable spirit. " To cut that scene will be spoil the act, and then we'll catch it from the critics in the morning." " Well, it's all we can do to run a theatre, let alone a Foundlings' Home," retorted Walsh. Pie rushed up in his usual state of breathlessneas. " There's word come, sir, from Wade." "Well, what is it?" " It's his Bister, sir. She says he's broke his leg." " Here 's a pretty mess ! Walsh stamped out to investigate. He found, standing in the wings, a very chilly little girl, who began talking fast, as he came up. " You're Mr: Walsh, aren't you ? Joey's broken his leg. He fell down the back stairs just as he was starting to come here. He tried to come even after that, sir, and wanted to make Mamma think he could limp all the better on 'count of it. But 'twas no use. He just eouZán'í." Bertha flung out her hands in earnestness; then clasped them again. " And he cried so hard. He said the piece would all be spoiled. That it was just no good at all if the princes weren't smothered in the tower and-and what are you going to do, sir ?" " Do ?" said Mr. Walsh. " I'm in a fix." " I suppose not another person kúews the words to say," said Bertha ; the tears dried up in her eyes and they shone with excitement. "No," confessed Mr. Walsh, "not a soul." " You don't think-" The little girl stopped and trembled, with her cheeks as red as live coals. "Joey '11 just ¿o crazy if all the people see his name on the bill, and know it waa he that spoiled the play." She choked down ft sob. " I couldn't help it, sir, I really couldn't. I've got to do some- thing. T shall have to play the part myself." She looked like a little general about to storm a fort. " Why,-have you ever played it ?" " Lots of times,-at home with Joey." "But wouldn't you be frightened at all the people when you went on the stage?" The stage manager had a gleam of hope in his eye. "I don't think I should. It would be easier than going home and telling Joey the play was spoiled. I wouldn't look at them. I'd just act. He says to mo, ' How fares our loving brother ?' and I say, * Well, my dread Lord ; so must I call you now.' " " BlesB mo !-" said Walsh, half to himselt. " She knows the lines." " Oh, yes, sir. I know all the words 'way down to "I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower.' Then I mock King Richard when he walks, so." She drew up her arms, made an imaginary hump and limped along, scowling. " Then I make a face at him behind his back and tell him, ' I'm afraid of my uncle Clarence's angry ghost.' " " Capital !" said the Btage-manager. " I '11 take the risk, I'm afraid there's no time to lose. Here !"-he held out his hand. She took it, and trotted along, stumbling over the shawl that was falling from her shoulders. He led her to the dressing-room of one of the ladies, to which he presently brought the Duke of York's eostume. He explained the emergency, and the good-natured actress aided Bertha to put on the little prince's dress. The nest half hour passed like a dream. " Mamma and Jeey didn't know I was going to act," she explained to the actress. " I'm afraid they '11 think something dreadful has happened to me when they find I don't come home, but I knew they'd think I couldn't, if I told them. Aren't these clothes a fine fit ? We're exactly the same size, Joey and me. You see it was not only that Joey couldn't bear to break his promise, but then," -frowning a little and looking very serious,-" we could n't afford to lose the money, either. We'll need it more than ever, now that Joey's leg is broken." She sighed and the tears welled up in \--,-,-«--. her eyes. The lady put her arm around her and drew her close. "Try hard not to be frightened," said she. "Don't think about the crowd in front, at all." "No," broke in Bertha, "I'll just think of Joey." " And when yon stand still," said the actress, "stand perfectly still. Don't move your hands or feet unless you have reason to. Bo sure and look straight at the person you are talking to, and when you speak, hold up your chin a little so the sound will go out into the house. It will be easier to speak in a high tone." She showed her how, gave a few finishing touches to her hair,-for they found it prettier than the wig,-and almost before Bertha knew it, she was on the stage. In the meantime. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, had been in a sad way. " I hate to act with a girl," he said, and kicked about his histrionic legs. "She's a greeny, too, and probably does not know her lines. She 's sure to spoil my part. I had counted on making a great hit, but she does n't know anything about the proper ' business' of the part. These wretched 'araachures' never do." But the talented young man was compelled to bow his head to fate and go on the stage at the proper cue. Bertha's head swam a little, and the words the others were speaking sounded far off. She glanced at the audience. It seemed to rise from her feet up, up to the very ceiling. Then it seemed to swell into one immense face with myriad eyes all looking at her. For one terrible moment she was tempted to cover her face with ber handB and rush from the stage. Then she remembered Joey at home crying with pain and disappointment, and she was recalled to her senses by the well remembered words : " How fares our loving brother?" She tried to speak as(if she had always been a prince and was quite used to talking such high- sounding language. She tried to hate the wicked Richard, as she had heard her mother tell Joey to do, and to speak as fiercely and saucily as Bhe could to him. She pulled at his garments and mimicked his gait, and screwed up her face in imitation of his, and tried to speak with great politeness to the royal prince ; and in her heart all the time whispered " Joey ! Joey !" The house became quieter as she went on ; the child was so intent upon her work. She never faltered till the last word was spoken, but when she was safe in the wings again, she began to feel faint and weak. The speeches on the stage wore lost in a burst of applause that swelled and swelled until it grew quite deafening. " What is it ?" she said, very much frightened, turning to the Prince of Wales. The stage-manager came up. "Well, well," he said, smiling for once that evening, " I believe you'll have to go back." " And do it all over again ?" snid Bertha, aghast. She feared that she had made some dreadful mistake. " No, no ; go on and bow to the audience and come right back again." " I '11 lead her on," said the Prince of Wales. "No," said Walsh, "she 'd better go alone." "Are they pleased, sir?" asked Bertha, as the applause still continued. " Well, what a little greenhorn !" ejaculated the prince. The actress who had dressed her had gently pushed her on the stage again. " I'm just cheating," she thought to herself ; " they think it's Joey." "Bow to them, my dear," said the great tra- gedian in an undertone. A little girl about her own age leaned far out of the nearest box and 1 smiled at her, and flung something that fell just at Bertha's feet. It was a bunch of beautiful pink roses. Somebody picked them up and handed them to her. The audience applauded more loudly than ever. The child looked so pretty and small and shy. " These flowers are for Joey," said Berttia's guilty little heart. She formed a sudden resolution. She walked straight down to the footlights, holding th« beautiful roses in her hand. The people were quiet instantly, wondering what could be coming now. She held up her chin, as the actress had told her to do, and spoke high. " Please," she said, " pleass, you must n't think I 'm Joey. He 's broken his leg and could not come. I 'm only Bertha." Then she grew terrified at the sound of her voice, speaking alone in that great place to so many people, and, burying her face m the roses, ran from the stage in a tumult of alarm and tears. When Bertha was dresged in her own clothes again and ready to go home, Richard the Third came to ner, au dressed in his ermine as he was, and took her in his arms and kissed her. It was something to remember all her life, if only Bertha had known it. Then he hurried back to his duty, leaving something in her hand that Bertha was then too excited to examine, but which she held. " I think my carriage has come," said the actress who played the part of Lady Anne ; " I'd better send the child home in it." " You must play Joey's part till he is well again," said the stage-manager. Bertha nodded. | They asked her where she lived, told the driver, and Bertha was put in among the warm cushions of the carriage, and whirled over the streets toward her home. She sat quite on the edge of the seat j in her trepidation, and held both hands close shut, one around the roses and the other around the great man's gift. She was afraid the driver would make a mistake in the house, but he found the right one, and when she was lifted out she flew up the steps like a bird. The door was open and Mamma was standing on the threshold, looking very pale and anxious. " Oh, Bertha, where have you been ?" But the little daughter's bright face stopped her with the sentence half spoken. " Is Joey asleep ?" whispered Bertha ; and as the mother shook her head, the little girl could contain herself no longer. "Joey! Joey!" she cried, springing into the room, " I played it. I said all your words and they thought I was yon. But I told them I was n't. And a little girl gave me the flowers, and Richard the Third gave me" she opened her hand and looked at the contents. It was a twenty dollar gold piece. It might have been a penny for all Bertha cared. " King Richard is real nice off the stage, isn't he, Joey ? Oh, Mamma ! I hope you weren't very frighttned." " Bertha," said Joey, " you 're a brick !" " Oh, I 'm so glad you think so !" she said. Two little tears started in her eyes. " Mamma, I'm so tired. Won't you put me to bed ?" 