GHOSTS IN CHINA A Country in Wliicli tho Super natural Forms a Feature of Life. Tliero ie probably no country in whichr ifliOcts flay bo prominent a pflrt in tbo daily life cf tlio iiooiilO ai Cl-.inn. Tliiro i? 110 iju'-htinn na to bi'lii'vini; in tjlioaiH. Kvrryono ill the Celestial F.mpire does tU:,t. Hainan fuilH in business ho sum to worl; wondi-riug wboai! spirit or ghott was responsible Ijr his misfortune; if he ia cxerptioually Micctssful ho-dcea not rorget to be thankful to tin. deni zen of nr-irillsud to wlii.B.- r-pccial aid.he ut triliUtCfl his unece?C Travellers anions' tl.o Chinese have been struck with the aml.t.nii oity of some ot the ghoi-t etorice, thouch oc casionally they havo come across lnaianor-s in whioh the belitf wan father to the fact. In ono of 'theso a, guilty cenncirneo canned n man to believe be was haunted hy the e,ho.'t of bin former p.ir;ner. Tlio formcr'e name was Chung and tho n.ttcr'o Li, and on ore occasion they were both out on the river. Li waa leaning over the edge of tho boat, and Chivnu pushed him into ihc water, bo as to secure the whole huaincsc for himeelf. No thing wii? hoard of the unlorlunato victim, and the eurvivor took c'.aigo of the business, nu?traiHini; cuoUKh cash and eccreliug it to mul;o any possible inquiries fruitlee*. As tho anniversary of tho tragedy approached, Chang became very nick aud wan greatly alarmed by an apparition which threatened him with death, ii ho did not al once mako duo restitution to the ghost's family. Tne required protcirie wos given with proinptnc?d andd;Hpalch, as wr.ll us undoubted air.ceiily, but as soon as the sick man recovered ho forgot to fulfil it. Tho petforuianco w?a re pented tbo year following, and thia time Chang wa? go irapren-cd that ho lost no timo in making not oijly full, hut even excessive restitution. Hut a fatal ban teemed to he upon tho man, and, business falling to a minimum, bo deoitled to move. Hn loaatcd in a distant ciiy, and whilo hunting up a re eiilencu he met what ho supposed to bo Lie ghost. Aa might have been expected, he protested warmly againxt the pcrxtcutiun to which ho was subject, and askrd what moro was expected o! him. To hia eurpriso the supposed ghost repudiated bis gho- tlineps, ond nnnured Clinng that ho wnil no spirit, but fiech and blood. Tho terrified Chang ex plained what had hiippaned, whereupon Li, with Oriental stulidues*, remarked : " So my falling into the river wao not an aooident ? I bad neglected to pay duo respect to the spirit of my father, and when I tuuiblod into tho river and was nearly drowned, 1 thought it a punishment 'or my impiety." Thus tho ex- Elanation itself affords a proof of tho general eliof in tho appooranco of fpirit? and gboste. Extraordinary precautions aro taken to neutralise the evil inilnenca of ghosts, nnd this is Bpeoiaily the c-iBO when ono man has killed another. Then tho gboi-t of tho mur dered man is suppo?od to haunt tho mur derer both day aud niirbt and to thwart hia every undertaking. Tbo man thus haunted is oarefnl to keep idoia in his nletping apart ment and even to oarry a miniature god in bis pooket. He docs not fear death at the bonds of tho ghoat, for ho is satisfied that the date of hi? death is written in tbnbuok of fato, and that no power, divine, spiritual, or material, can chango that record or oxpsdiato his demise. But abort ol death it is his be lief that tho ghaut of bis victim can and will do him evory injury in his power. Tho ghosts of suicides are diotiuguislicd by wear ing rod silk handkerobiole, and ib a good do lonco in a trial for murder that tbo deceased's ghost has been seen thus bedecked. Only the foolish arc supposed to be in danger from ghost*, and is is a severe re pronoh to say of a man, "Ho ia afraid of ghosts 1" Tho ordinary spectre is looked upon with minglol pity and oonlc-mpt.andis believed to bo readily cowed by onyonu en dowed with an average amount of eclf-pos- Bcssion, tho only troublo being that few pooplo ore Bolf po??cssod when confronted with a spirit in ?emi-inaterirslieed form. Tho most uiareputoMo class of ghosts ore those of daceascd paupers, ond Ibcro is v prcuilar ceremony known as thi "appeasing of tho burning mouths." On tbe day act apart for tho purpose plates nre filled with oake and labelled with invitations to tbe "honorable homeless . ghosts"—a title whioh ineludi? tbe spirits of thoso whoso surviving relatives ia the flesh either cannot or will not provide for them. 