THJETT TEABS OF COLONIAL GGYEEKMENT. Tinny Tears of Colonial -Government. A Seloction -.from the'Despatches and Letters of the Right; . ' Honourable . Sir iGeorge Ferguson -. -Bowen, G.C.M.G. ..Edited by Stanley Lanc-l'oole. {Longman, Green, ana Co. .32a.) ' THEBE axe few. boots that give-a greater insight into the practical administration ot our colonies than the selection from Sir George Bowen's letters; and despatches which Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited under the title of "'Thirty Years of Colonial Government.": : During : that/ period Sir George Bowen administered with marked success most or. the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New Zealand. Victoria,; Mauritius, : and Hong Kong. The two volumes before lis contain a valuable-record of Ins work m each of these colonies, and of the problems with which he had to deal. The principle on which lie uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of Ins success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local concern It was in 1859 that he was appointed the first • Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government m the colony. He had -previously held an appointment m the Ionian .' Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Marray's 11 Handbook 1 ' for. that interesting country. Modern Greeks, he once explained to Lord Palmerston, pronouns the'words meaning ''we,'' and " you " in precisely the: same Jnanner. '•.Ah, they confound 'we' and 'you*' do they?" said Palmerston. "1 fear that is not.the only way m which modern Greeks confound 'menm' and' tuum.'" The following extract contains an. interesting description of QUEENSIAND IN 1859. "I shall ride about-thirty imles every day, and Ehall-be comfortably lodged at night m the houses of the principal 'squatters,'- or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patriarchial style among their immense nocks and herds.*amusing themselves with hunting, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a •plentiful hospitality. I have often thought! (especially on . reading Thackeray's novel,: < The- ^irgimans') that the Queensland: gentleman-squatters bear a similar relation to .tlie other Australians that the Virginian planters of a hundred years hack tore to the other Americans "JBut there is a perfectly distinct class of people m the towns: Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble -what Boston and the' other Buntau towns of Ifew England were, at the close of the last.century, lnapopu-: lation.of 7,000 we have: fourteen churches, thirteen public-houses, twelve policemen. The leading-inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of English and Scotch merchants and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." The Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral countrv, and Sir George Bowen: tells an amusing story about one of the principal squattefe A SECOND JOB "A successful Queenslander, who became a member of the House of Gommons, where he supported Lord Palmerston, was invited to one of the politicalreceptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry' HiIL , That: accomplished hbstess prided herself on her information about her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to..she is. said toiiave ereetea him with. 'Oh, 3!r. I am very glad HI: see you. 1 hear that you have a6 many sheep and cattle as the Patriarchs—that. m short, you are a: second Job.' Her guest replied: ' 1 hope, Lady Waldegrave, you do not mean to compare me to Job, who, as we learn from the Bible, hadonly 7,000 sheep, whereas I have 300,000. Jobiwas a mere siruiiy-barker' It should be explained, that young settlers, on begin-: mug eheep-farsnmg in the interior^ with only from o.COO to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally afford to build at, first louses of wood or stoneand are obliged for some time to content themselves with comforttable huts Jnade from the hark of the so: called "stringy-bark' eucalyptus. Sothey! were : offcsn knoivn: to the great squatters by the sobriquet of 'strmgy-baTkers." In those days tbey played whist sn4he wilds for sfteejp pomts and a bullock on the ' i fibber : from Queensland -Sir. George was sent to New Zealand, then m the throes of the Maori trouhles;.'which:he largely succeeded in assuaging during -lus government;. Like most of those who .have .come m icontact. •with them. Siii George was full of appreciation for the fine qualities of the Maori" race. . The following story-is liere given at. firsthand:— A SMTNGH COKVEJISION Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to ment the Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers. of the Treaty of Wai-: tangi m 1S40, and who had ever since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the Governor^ 'Do "\ou know. sir. the antecedents of - that old heathen ?' * Ko, mv dear Bislion." was the : reply,..' bai l do 'know that-he brouglit: five hundred of lus clans-l, men mta the field-to %3itr for the Queen,'Soi I .mvifcetL-him -jto meet the " Queen's son:" '; 'WeJlj'ieontinued: tlie Bishop, 'when I first arrived m New Zealand, that chief came to me and said that he wished to be baptised ; f knewvthat he had: two wives,-so 1 told f him that he must iirstpersuade.one of themtoreturn-to.her.- -family. "i-Hesaid-liefearedl that would be diScult, but that lie-would ; see.whairCmld be donej and fiome. -back 'toS :ae in two months. -;4P3ien !ie! ireturnecl, he: : ' exchiwedj 'Sow Bnssionajjj you. may baptise nie, for I have only one'wife, 5 I asked. ' fHiat have you -done with oar dear sister,-your firstwife ?' lieseplied, emack-- ma lus igjs,' I have eaten her''" i m 1873 Sii George -was promoted to •¥ietQHav'vwhere -he - remained a^iien las ter m exjiired^iuid he was a,saigned : •the gopemnient SSauntMis, the only Vdjcaney at the time "Compared with Austsaljaj; there-was quite 1 : an aiT :of: anti-' uaty:about the old IVench icolony in vdiich: '^ll 43}d Virginia had lived and loved. LAsorDBOKKAiB' GHOST. .A'Tiie^ustralasiaiiGolomesa^.too.jfliiiig J for ghosts, but here we have a. haunted chamber, "where the great Labourdonnass, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is beiieved hyth" Fiench creoies to walk mgliUy. We put a high civil functionary I there, but liedeciared that he heard strange noises, and nothing would induce ,hi<w to occupy the zoom again. However,; next week ilie English admiral of ' the station araved with his -squadron,? and "u hen we asked inm if he would, have the haunted chamber, the i>est: j, re room in the liou e lie said, ' I am - "fraid of no rrenchman,-dead or abve' ana: he neither heard nor saw a gh t duringthe month he spent with u it i true that he -was supporfce'd-hj Lis Elag Cijjtai^ in the oom on his rjglft find jjy his Tlag Lieuteiiantm the loom-on Jus left Then ioo,a strange noise i "o'Ren hea"4 at .night sjir tJie tifQ& of full moon, fis -of a carrjagednVing by the chateau, and^some Creole S : . >ii^ jii ii' coich -ind hor^c, v ill' liu-i ictoil Liid lac^iiOYS—all £' tli-tons m ilir unifonn of the agp pf -Lopis XV Hath f and a, Jio^e pf .iced chaiapague on the t ble, and -vHien they leard the strange -jio)se -iqipioadiing tliey turned out -fee; guard-witUloaded jfksandfii-ed bayonets f«ao..H-.ili,1.J. ni'i-.' 1 "e <i"r ijr 1 hcidor JTIIG slips fsoi" iif -uic 1 !ICU-jD" moimg fauns to singTSieir antlers ill the -bright trcu L. c -n 1 1 fions-Kong was "lue last of our depen deaeies oyer Y3n6hSi'"(iE0ige tiowea was upon li preside: jjuiiny the yeffs ••j'-jit linn; he look or ti.on i'> n^it Abraham in the wilderness. Erie 1B tie Holy of Holies of China, and admission to it is a rare htoour, He last permission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled park as large as ITydepark, and with groves of immemorial trees, heneath .which roam the Sacred cattle reserved for: the Imperial -sacrifices: Jmd in-'the" middle ;of this .park, a collosal structure of white marble, : nsmg on terraces with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a. grand, simple 'altar of burnt offeringson which the J2i»peror of China, ^annually, at the winter solstice—as the Bun uses over the east ward :offers:for hmself .end his people his soleihh: worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous ntes Itlsnot-gerusrally known in Europe.that the Court religion— the only established' rehgion (so to speak) m China—is still monotheistic, for older than any of the idolatrous cults ACIunanan may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, justnsan JSngliEbmiwxaaybeli Wesleyan or a Eomanist. But, as I 'Lave said, these are not' established' religions an tbe English sense ^ In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see a good deal of "Italy, .where, he tells UB, Mr. Gladstone is regarded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and -with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which theAmencans regard Lafa vette; It is worthy of note that the Jesuit of Sir •George Bowen's colonial experiences has :heen .to make him an ardent supporter-of Impenal Federation Mr Stanley Lane- Poole has very adequately performed-his task, and lias given us the record of a singularly.well-filledi and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest.— Literary Wot Id 