fthA THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. , taLw OP THE IRISH REBELLION A OF 1641. Author of "New Lights," " Blaket and Flanagans, " "• WUhl Wilty Burke,'' Burke.'" " Red Sand o Uliter, etc.'' PABT CHAPTER XIII— II. (.Continued.) Br Mas. J. Sadijhb, Aboguibh Bnile beamed oat on the quiet face of the kern, like sunlight from forth a heavy cloud. ' Well, general, as you pat the question, I suppose it's no treason to say I was looking on.' 'By my patron St. George,' cried Skerrin, as, stepping forward, he looked into the stranger's face, ' an' I mistake not you are our informant of yesternight. Yes, yes, I see it now.' < I admit the fact/ said the other, stil smiling. 'Ha:I And your name P asked Barry and Skerrin in a breath. 'Arthur Condon, the chief man of that name, although a very poor one; but, such as he is, very much at the service of General Barry, and subject to his order.' And he bowed with the easy self-possession of a gentleman. 'I am much beholden to you, sir,' said the general, and he warmly shook him by the hand. ' Your achievement of last night shows the value of your cooperation. But methinks your present habiliments belie your condition. Wherefore that disguise.' ' You ask me frankly, general, and I will tell you—from an itching I had to see how the surprise I planned would affect you all, myself noticed by none. Bat I see the army is again in motion; pardon me, lords and gentlemen, in that I have detained you over long when moments are so precious.' ' One moment more, Master Condon,' said Barry, as he placed his foot in the stirrup ready to mount the charger which a horse-boy held by the bridle. 'You that can take such strongholds as that,' pointing to the castle, ' must needs have valiant men at your command. Could you not spare us some P' 'Not a man, general,' Baid Condon, with a blunt determination which surprised all, and made the courtly Norman nobles who surrounded Barry look at each other with wondering eyes. 'Not a manl' the general repeated, in blank surprise. 'And wherefore not, you who but now offered your services 10 freely P' 'Why! Because, general, we ca.n serve you better here at home. This is Condon's country, you know—so called in past times, now only in name; but, with God and our Lady's aid, we mean to make it so at this juncture, were it but for religion's dear sake—that our altars may once more arise from the dast, and our priests stand before them vested as of old. We would see yonder flag streaming from every fort within oar ancient borders, and to that end we follow not the army, as our hearts would desire, but rather do your work here as we of the soil only can. Fare ye well, noble gentlemen, and God speed ye. When next you come this way you will find the country all your own, or learn that Arthur Condon hath found a grave in the land he loved. In any case, my heart is with you, and my life devoted to your sacred cause. Hark! your trumpets call. Would that I, too, might obey the summons. But here my lot is cast. Here, at least, for a time, is my sphere of action. Betributive justice will have it o.' As if inspired by reason, his nag approached him at this moment from the gap of a neighbouring fence, and, leaping on its back with the lightness of five-and-twenty, the chieftain waved a parting salute and disappeared by the same opening, leaving Barry and his officers filled with admiration as well as urprise. The gallant Condon well redeemed his pledge, as the chronicles of those days bear witness,* and his brave spirit infused life and vigour into many who before were weak and wavering. But, alas! for the fine army led by Barry to meet the foe that morning. Had he advanced a week sooner, before Lord Inchiquin had had time to collect his scattered forces, he might have obtained such a victory as would strike terror into the enemy; but, unfortunately, it turned out, as Condon had feared, that the time 'spent by the Confederates in taking castles had been turned to still better account by Inchiquin, and enabled him to retrieve the series of minor defeats which had left * sjpt of the Condons •were giving the Coilleaerate leaden the moat eKeotuel assistance in f 016 ^IWtorstt®® 11 * 0 ' 8 " Oonfed., him well-nigh without an army, and badly furnished with provisions for what he had. This state of things was well known to Barry and others of the Confederate leaders, and, relying on it, they had been tempted to secure as much of the country as they possibly could. Hearing now that Inchiquin was somewhere in the neighbourhood of Liscarroll, they marched thither with all haste; and learning from their scouts that he f was advancing towards them, they took up a position on the third day of September on an eminence not far from the castle. Great was the surprise of the Confederate generals when the enemy came in sight to find him some thousands strong in foot, with several troops of horse. Lord Inchiquin himself commanded the centre of three divisions, and with him, as a volunteer, was Lord Kinalmeaky. Other officers of experience led on the other divisions, and the men, as it happened, had far the advantage of Barry's in point of discipline. This the Confederate leaders saw, and they prudently resolved to allow the enemy to exhaust his strength in a charge. And bravely the men of Munster withstood the fierce onslaught, their serried pikes forming, as it were, an iron rampart which no force of the enemy could break through. The Puritans fell back in some confusion, for Inchiquin had received a dangerous wound, and many other officers had sustained more or less injury at the hands of the formidable pikemen. The Irish charged in turn, and their charge was also bravely resisted; orders were then given on both sides for a general attack, and when it came to close quarters the training and discipline and greater experience of the enemy became apparent. Fighting hand to hand, the officers were seen engaged in mortal combat, and many a chivalrous deed of valour marked that fatal scene. Inchiquin, removed to a place of safety, watched the fight with eyes starting from their sockets, and a whirlwind of passion sweeping athwart his impetuous soul. One after one he beheld his officers disappearing, either carried wounded from the field, or sinking amid the slain, but still his forces kept their ground, and his flinty heart little recked who fell so long as victory forsook not his banners. Vavasour was there and Kinalmeaky, and their waving plumes were security against defeat. All at once a wild shout of exultation arose from the ranks of the Confederates, and rang far over hill and dell. 'Kinalmeaky is down! Kinalmeaky is down! Death to the Puritans !' And as though the fall of that destroying fiend had inspired the Catholics with fresh courage, and their enemies with despair, the serried ranks of the latter began suddenly to waver, and Inchiquin, forgetful of his wound, raised himself from the ground with a mighty effort, and waved his arm with frantic energy. ' Vavasour! Percival! we are lost an* they force you down the hill 1 Heavens ! What are you about P Ha! they waver now! Now, Vavasour! on them—on them—slay them without mercy—no quarter—no quarter, I say!—they fly— by the great Immortal, they fly! After them and the day is ours 1' And so it was. Sir Charles Vavasour, an aged and experienced officer, on whom the command devolved, seeing the discouragement of his troops after Kinalmeaky's fall, and the corresponding exultation of the Confederates, applied his whole energy and skill to rally his despairing battalions and bring them up for another charge. He succeeded, and the desperate courage which his words had infused into his men so nerved their arms and edged their swords that their attack was irresistible. Bushing with headlong force against the line of the Confederates, now sadly thinned, their bayonets and sabres did fearful execution, and their cavalry, dashing in on the wavering ranks, trampled down all before them. The Irish, seized with a sudden panic, broke and fled in disorder towards a bog which lay at a little distance. After them, like bloodhounds, rushed the Puritans, urged oh by the cries of their ruthless commanders. ' Cut them down 1 down! every man of 'No quarter, as you fear the righteous God!' •Death to the brood of the scarlet woman 1' . Wounded as he was, the sight of the flying Catholics and the cries of the pursuers so inflamed the natural ferocity of Inchiquin that, despite the entreaties of his attendants, he sprang on his horse, and darted off to join the chase, looking like the ghost of some hideous murderer, with his ghastly haggard face and bloodstained garments. Before the main body of the Irish army had been formed into order for retreat by the exertions of its brave but, on that occasion, unfortunate commanders, Beveral hundredshad already perished la that fatal inorws by the merciless swords and bayonets of the Puritans. Just as the rear guard was formed, almost in the face of the enemy, night suddenly closed in dark and moonless, and the victors, still unsatiated with blood, were stopped in full pursuit. Better acquainted with the locality than their enemies, the Confederates continued their march all night, and long before the dawn had placed a wide stretch of country between them and their pursuers. Saddened and discouraged they were, but still unsubdued, and burning for an opportunity to retrieve their losses and efface the stain of that day's disgrace from the banners they had saved with so much blood. Heavy as was their loss, moreover, they had still the poor consolation of knowing that the enemy counted well- nigh as much, and, above all, they thought, with the stern joy of avengers, that if there was sorrow in their camp that night there should be wailing on the morrow in the princely halls of Lismore* over one of the cruellest of their oppressors. CHAPTER XIV. I pray thee, cease thy counsel, Whioh falls into nine ear as profitless As water in a Bieve. fiHAKESrKAR And extreme fear can neither fight nor fly. But, coward-like) with trombliufr terror die. SHAKESPEARE. To make the conning artless, tame the rude. Subdue the haughty, shake the u<. daunted soul— These are the triumphs of all powerful beauty. JOANNA BAILWE. While Barry and his brave associates were sustaining with varying fortune in Munster and Loinster the cause of religion and liberty, Owen Boe was quietly and cautiously biding his time, training his army according to the newer and more approved modes of warfare practised on the continent, so that when the time came for his taking the field he might meet his opponents on, at least, equal terms. He was busily engaged one day towards the end of August directing the evolutions of a body of cavalry on a common outside the town of Charlemont, when Shamus Beg and some half dozen of his fellows who had been sent on a commission some miles northward, arrived in campany with just another such party, arrayed in the costume of Monroe's soldiers, and accompanied by a trumpeter. A shout of execration burst from the clansmen at the sight, whereat Shamus waxed wroth. ' Can't you have manners, now, you great ghomerils,' said he, 'and let the men alone, when its doing doing an errand they areP Don't you see the decent boy with the trumpet here waiting to have a parley with the general P' ' With me P' said Owen Boe, riding up at the moment, 'With you and no other, may it please your generalship. Do you think we'd have brought them safe here if it wasn't for that P Speak up now, Sassums!' turning to them with a ludicrous air of authority. •Here's the O'Neill now. Humph! I mean General O'Neill. Speak up and don't be afraid. Devils an' all as you are, you'll go back with whole bones this time.' ' Don't promise too much now, ShamuB aroon,' said a stalwart O'Neill from the cavalry ranks; ' they never show us mercy when they have us in their power.' 'I know that as well as you,' said Shamus; * maybe I don't, to my heavy heavy sorrow, but that's neither here nor there. I gave them my word I'd see them safe over the county march again, and the first man that says "boo" to them must have a bout with me. Do you mind, now, Body P' Body, notwithstanding his bluster, did mind, for the weight of Shamus' fists was sufficiently well known to make the threat effective. The good-humoured laughter which greeted Shamus' assumption of authority gave that privileged person no offence, for his sense of dignity was too deep-seated to be easily disturbed. Meanwhile the trumpeter had advanced at the general's invitation, and, staring the latter full in the face, he said, without the slightest military salute— ' Be you the man whom the rebels call General O'Neill P' It was fortunate for the presumptuous speaker that none but the general fully understood what he said. 'I am the man so called,' O'Neill replied, drily, but without any show of resentment. 'What is your business with me, good fellow P' «Ihave got a bit paper here somewhere,' said the ill-mannered Puritan, fumbling awkwardly in a pouch fastened inside the breast of his doublet, whence he at length drew forth a letter, which he handed to the general, Baying—' Our new general sends you that, and wonts an answer by return.' ' And who may your new general be P' * I opine you'll see it in the letter, said the fellow curtly, having evidently * Llamore Castle wag then and long after the 4irepsng ot the BofUe, £*rl» ot Cork, no relish for discoursing with Popish recusants. Smiling at the boorishness, so'characteristic of all the man's tribe, O'Neill turned aside to read the letter, after warning his -men to take no notice of the strangers. Breaking the seal with no small curiosity, Owen Boe glanced at the signature, and perceived that his strange and unexpected correspondent was no other than Lord Leven, whose arrival at Carrickfergus with reinforcements for Monroe was already noised abroad throughout the country. 'It is rather odd,' thought O'Neill, ' that he should take to writing letters to me of all men; let us see what he has to say.' Any one watching his countenance would have seen that the contents of the letter amused him mightily, for ever as he read the smile on his lip became more humourous and his eyes twinkled with a merrier light. ' Well,' said Shamus Beg to one of his comrades, 'I'd give a trifle to know what's written down there that it makes the general look so droll. An' it was Sir Phelim, now, I'd have a chance of hearing the secret before long, but, ochone! sure . this man keeps his mind to himself so close that no one's the wiser for what he thinks or what he knows. Sure enough he's a wise man.' ' Shamus,' said the general, ' I leave these men in your charge while I prepare an answer for the letter they have brought me. See that no accident befall them.' ' Oh, the sorrow an accident, general, will befall them,' said the foster-brother of Sir Phelim; ' they're under my protection already, but your bidding goes beyond that again.' The cavalry were then dismissed for that day, but still most of them lounged behind, anxious to see the Sassum dergs started again before they left the ground. O'Neill, alone in his chamber, read Lord Leven's letter again, and again the arch smile curled his thin lip. 'He wonders, forsooth,' said he, half aloud, * that a man of my rank and reputation should come to Ireland to support so bad a cause, and very civilly intimates that I would do well to return whence I came. Truly the man hath an over greatopinion of his powers of persuasion when he taketh it upon him to offer me advice. Plague on him, for a Puritanical coxcomb, what a fool he must e'en take me for. Methinks I were hard run for counsel when I would seek it or take it of mine enemy. A plausible knave he is, moreover, with his fair, soft speech. Well, I will answer him in such wise that he will never volunteer advice to me again.' And thereupon Owen Boe took up his pen, and indited such an epistle to Lord Leven as must have given him a distaste for advising Irish chieftains generally, and the toparch of Tyrone in particular. Amongst other cutting remarks there committed to paper, Owen Boe told the new Scotch general very plainly that he thought he had a better right to defend his own country than his lordship had to march into England against his lawful sovereign.* This Leven had done, as O'Neill well knew. * Einuccini's Memoirs. (To be continued.) 