GENERAL NEWS. In response to a request from a number of North Fremantlo residents, the Com missioner of Railways (Hon C. T. Mcwon) has lit up the North Fremantlo Railway station after dusk by an oil lamp in each of the two waiting rooms, a boon already appreciated by residents in the vicinity. On Friday evening a parade of tho Fremantlo Artillery was hold. There was a large attoudancu, including Captain Mayhew and Lieutenant Iinray. The men wero oxoroised in handling the big guns and were also put through various evolu tions with a view to the successful carrying out of the shell practice and inspection by His Excollenoy the Administrator which took place this afternoon in tho presonee of a large number of pooplo. A resident of North Perth informs us of a remarkable domostio ooinoidonoo. We givo his story in bis own words :— On tho 18th September last year (1889), on my forty-seventh birthday, my son, who was in his seventeenth year, died, at 11.30 p.m. This year on tho same dato and at the same hour my wife was confined of a son. I think this sufficiently remarkable to reoord in tho publio prosB and you are at liberty to give my naino to anyone desir ing it. According to tho official return, nineteen million bottles of ohaiupaguo woro oxported from France in tho year 1889-00 (April 1, 1889, to March 31, 1890.) During the sumo period 4,170,000 bottlos woro conaumed iu Franoe. The woro no sales on 'Change this morn ing. Contrals wein wanted at 5/, with sol Ior8 at 7/0, Frnsors being in supply at 4/, with buyers at 8/10. For Frasers South (pro) 2/3 was offered with sellors at 8/3. For Hopes Hill 7id. was offered, with sel lers at 1/3. Tin was altogether nogleotod, and tho only investment stook asked for was W. A. Bank sharos, for whioh JQ25 7s. Od. was offered, without sollors at that prico. This afternoon, owing to tho heavy wind which has boon prevailing throughout tho day in Porth, the circus tent in Hay-stroot was blown down and rent in two. Tho proprietors, howovor, will havo the necos mry repairs made by this ovoniug. Hoylo O'Koilly, who was ono of tho Fenian prisoners who oscapod from this colony to bh« United States in tho year 180i). is dead. If over a man had a ohoquorod and romantio caroor it was (says tho Pall Mall Budget) John Boyla O'Reilly, LL.D., pout, author, journalist, and Fenian, whoso death is announced from America at the age of forty-aix. He waa born at Castle Dowth, and when only twenty-two years of ago he was convicted of high treason, tho sentouco of imprisonment, for lifo being oommuted to ponal servitude. For throe yours ho was a Stato prisoner in Australia, but thence he escaped to the United States, and forthwith became editor of the Boston Pilot, Tho 'outward and visible' result of his throo yoais at tho Antipodes appear ed in his novel ' Moondyne,' an Australian tale, whioh had a truuiondous sale in Amer ica, where ho also beoauie very popular as oneof|the most graoeful poets of Columbia. Mr. O'Reilly was a handsome Irishman, titWVi /innV Knivt nn/1 Anna nnrl v*n_*mlini» nilVfl M *Ut4 V414L O- MtVii. IV 1114 VJ VJfl (lUVt |JtVll*iW» \\_r*__iv complexion which belongs generally to the races of tho South, His political views may be inferred from the faot that to tho last he waa an intimate friend of Mr. Miohael Davitt and other men of ' light and leading' in Ireland. To-night tho second of tho ' Pleasant Evenings for tho People' will bo hold in Wesley Sohool-room, William-st. A good programme ©f music and recitations will bo provided, and the Rovs. T. Bird and E. T. Dunstan aro expooted to give short ad dressos, The mails for Europe and tho East, the eastern colonies, otP.,for despatch next week iroiuAlbnuy will be made up as follows : For Europe, &c;, on Thursday; and for tho uaHtorn colonies, on Friday, Tho vessels convoying those mails will bo — outwards, tho Yalotta; homewards, the Oriont limn1 Cuzco. Mr, John S. Pearson, tho promotor of tho Itoyal Porth Yaolat Clul* conoort givou in St. Georgo's Hall on tho 20th ultimo, this morning handed Mr, W. F. Wilkinson, tue hon. Secretary of the Club, tho sum of .£30, being the nett prooeodo of that entertain ment. JJ'KHlo. was rcdliawl by tho ualo of UuliclH, whilst tho exponsoa amounted only to jC13 Ub. This result ia, without doubt, highly Batisl'autory to all concerned. Judging by the unexpectedly lnvgo luun bor of oxliibita which havo been proinisec- for the first show of tho W. A. Dog and Poultry Society, to bo held next wt-ek, tho efforts of tho promotorB oro likely to be crowned with a measure of success hardly rvnticipatod. Up to last night tho Hat of entries Btood ns follows s— Poultry, 204 j dogs, 67 ; pigeons, 48 ; oanarios and oago birds, l«t ; cats, 40. To tho loquosb mado by tho Secretary of the Sooioty (Mr. Thos. 11\. Stanbury) on behalf of Hie co.nmittoo Lady Praam1 has conatntml to open the Exhibition at 2 p.m. on Tuoaday. A letter appearn in to-day's ismio which suggests that the Proclamation committee should invito the Premiere of all tho Austra lian Colonies to bo present at Perth during the festivity jolebrations in connection with that evont. The idea appears to us to bo a vory exoolltmt ono indeocl, and ono which wo hopo will not bo lost sightof iu tho pro por quarter, The Town Clerk of Perth (Mr.W.E. Viotor) informed us thi3 morning that the lists of eleotors in tho various wards of tho oity are now susponded at tho places usually adopted for suoh purposes, These listd will rotnain suspendod till towards tho ond of tho presont mouth, and in tho mean time necessary corrections oan be made and the nauioa of any persons entitled oan be onrollod thoreon, by notice being given at the oillco of the TownJClork, Townhall. Tho vory successful ontortainmont givoa on Saturday last at. tho Pearlers' Hotel, Fromantle, will bo repeated this evening, with an on tiro ohnnge of programme It may not bo generally know a that Host Weaver has boon fortunate- in fioouring tho eorvioes of Profossor Herbert, in addition to other talent. We have inspected ti numbor of very favourable proas notices of the professor's skill as an illusionist proa tidigator. We notice from these that tho Professor hails from tho Royal Aquarium, London, and that he has had tho honor of performing boforo tho Queen and Royal family in England, and many other Europ ean potentate. ProfoRSor Horbort has travolled oxtendvely in tho ooloniofl, winning favourable opinions, Tho follow, ing oxtraot from tho London ' Sporting Times' is worth reproduction : Again ib tho indefatigable ProfosBor Herbert about to natonioh the world with veritable marvels of ingenuity and dexterity. His are entirely now departures in tho way of Hciontiuo illusion, whioh are deoided ly the most extraordinary that havo como under our uotioo within reoent years. A most remarkable and interesting exhibition presents itsolf from the rise to the fall of the curtain, ponjeotureia baffled to solve tho mystory of his .notable couipleto deceptions, and ovon in this prosaic age when Poppev'B Ghost and Maskelyno and Cook's mimolos oxoite the most languid and momontary interest in the minds of mon, ProfosBor Herbert suooeeds in holding his audiences enthrallod, and will, no doubt, bo an objoot of interest and wonder to lovers of the marvellous, so woll oontrivod and bo noatly performed aro his trioks, that exports can soe nothing to guide them to a solution of them. His pattor is vory lively and interesting, and iu tho poverty of Ian guago to doscribo tho improtsion made on hia audionoos by his wondorful illusions, all that can he said is that it is an exhibi tion in tho higheat degree marvellous,' Tho programme also iuoludea the namoa of Billy Newoomb, tho Amorioan exponent of olog danoing j Fred Phillips, tho London couiio; and Sam Fivgan in his negro oomioalities, At a mooting of tho Asiatio Sooioty of Bengal (as reported in the Times of India), Babu Saratohandra Das oxhibitod somo curious Sibetan relics, amongst them being oirved ornaments of floap-atono, giving the Tibetan signs of the Zodlao and a descrip tion of the origin of the world. Translat ing this, the exhibitor found that, in the beginning, what existed from eternity, in nothingness, was called tho tortoise. The Buddhns of the past, presont, and future sprang out of him. The throe worlds, and all tho animal beings also, originated from tbe eternal tortoise, Timo, without tho dis tinotion of past, present, and future, was in him, and tho wholo universo rested botwoen hia head aud tail. From the vapour of hia mouth roso the seven atmos pheric strata whioh oncompassoa the oarth, and gradually the sphore of azure space und theroaf tor Swastika, tho omblom of the divine cross was formed, From tho saliva of this primooval tortoiso sprang forth tho oceans j aud from his flesh were formed tho lofty mountains, tho islands, and the groat continents, having troes for tLoir iair. His head pointod to tho south, his tail to tbo north, and his four limbs strotched towards tho four oornors of tho world. His white back shaped the old fathor hoavon, called Khan, wheroin rested tbo oolestial regions with tho mansions of the gods, Mahadova, Brahma, and angola of pure habits, who uossossed the four-fold were formed abovo, and Jlirab, the sublime mountain, stood below, holding tho man sions of the 33 Devaa and of tho gods of tho Pai'aninnanarataya on its top. On the flanks of Mrab resided tho four guardian spirit-kings of thu world, together with tho sun and moon, tho planets and stars, The Bun and moon sprang from tho oyea of tho groat tortoiso. From tho sound of his throat issued tho dragon's peal of thunder, and from hit, outstretohod tongue flashod forth lightning which produood thunder bolts and hailstorms. From hia breath originatod tho wind, tho flvo intornal O88onco8, and tho flvo physical olemonta j and when ho shook his body there was an earthquake. At tho moment of going to press wo hoar that Mr, A. Forrest's residonoe haB boon sold by Messrs. Courthopo, Drummond and Co. to Mrs. Lillis, for £1,500 oaah. In out advertising columns will bo.found the order of sale whioh Messrs. Courthopo,Driuntnond and Co. intend to obsorvo at thoir land auotion to-night, Our correspondent at Busselton write :— Of the 232 applications to registor on tho roll of tho Susnox distriot 75 havo boon re jected by the Registrar. Of thoao fifty wero roooivod from the timber stations of Mr. M. O. Daviosand tho bulanoo from Mr, Yolverton's stations. If tho objections bo maintained tho probability of tho rot urn of Mr, Davios to parliament is greatly loa aoned, I now loam that Mr, Goo, Cross has definitely dooidod to contost tho doc tion. During the hoaring of tho oaso of liar wood v. tho Perth Gaa Company Mr. Hensman mado thoso proBont simmer with laughter, when ho aakod whother if a por aon shook a gas pipo having in it a hole, ic would shako tho gas out. Not vory long ago, in a sheep case, the saino learned counsel surprised those prosont in court by asking whether a wothor was a good kind of sheep for brooding purposes. Yesterday a deputation waitod upon Mr. T, Quinlan, of the Shatnrook Hotel, for tho purpose of requesting him to stand for tlr.' Central Ward of Porth, iu tho plaoe of Mr. Liddelow, who contemplates retiring from his Municipal position about Daoom bor noxt. Mr. Liddelow himself wab among tho deputation and expressed himsolf fully dotormined to retire, Mr. Quinlan thank ed thoao present for thoir requisition, and stated that ho would bo glad to uominato himself when tbe timo arrived, Tho Oirous in Hay-streot was open last night to a moderato houso, and tho final performance will take place this evening. (Vsr-iNAiiii's Enamjsi- for beautifying overy thing, at Wimiam Sanpovku'b, Perth and Fromantle, An auotion of freehold lauda will bo hold this evening by Meaars. Courthope, Drum mond find Co,, at tho Mdohanics1 Institute. To-morrow afternoon the Dean of Perth will procned by tho excursion train to Sa'vyorB1 Vulloy, where ho will oonduct Divine sorvico. Tho annual toa meeting in connection with the Perth Presbyterian Churoh will bo held at the Town hall on Wednesday noxt, nt which tho Hon. J, Forroat will preside. Aftor tbo tea meeting a concort will bo given, tor which an exuellont programme huu boon arranged.' Tho performance of ' Pfttionoo' whioh wna to havo taken place at Fromrtntle on Monday next has boon postponed until tho following Wednesday. On 13 August last, saya tho Times, a com mnnioatiou vim received by Mr. Chnrton, Coronor for West Cheshire, from a well known inorohant now at Now Orleans, to tbo effect that a man had confessed to tho rontor of St. Paul's, New Orleans, that he had murdered ono of Lord Tolleinaoho's gamukoepeta, named Bebbington, at Alpra hum, Cheshire, 85 yeara wo, For this murder a poacher named Blagg waa hanged at Cheshire in May, 1355. Tho evidenoe wa% eiroiuuBtautial, tho correspondence of Bluggs' boots with footprints being tho strongest link, But the New Orleans man now states that he borrowed Blagg's boots on tho night of tho uuirdor. Mr. Churton, who held tho iu quest on Bobbington, says that Blaggs made no defonco before him, or bofore Mr. Justioe Crowder, by whom ho was tried, beyoud saying 'Thoy »vero my boots, but woro not worn by mo on that night,' At tho Fromantle Polioe court this morn ing, before Mr. ft. Fairbairn, K.M., John Wilkie was ohargod with deserting from tho brig Laughing Wavo. The accused pleaded guilty and said tbat ho had got looked up for boing drunk, and consequent ly missed the shin. He was ordered to be pla« ced on board ana to pay tho costs. Charles Hanson waa ohargod with deserting from tho barquo Sulitolma, Ho was sent to prison for eight weeks, and will to plaoed on board whoa thoveseolis ready to sail. Androw Wood was ohargod with furious driving. Mr. D. G, Gawler appeared for the defondant, James Brown doposod that on tho 16th inst he was driving Mr. Baok's horao and cart. When he reached tho corner of Essex-street and Marine-torraoo ho saw the defendant in Mr, Marshall's oart, coming at a vory fast trofc, Fearing a collision, witness called out ' Look out Androw I' at tho same time pulling up his maro in order to get out of the way, Tho defondant tried to pull up but ho was going too fast. Beforo ho had time to pull up, the shaft of Marshall's oart struok tho mare on the flank, passed through the animal, and protruded about a foot under its belly. Witness waa back ing his maro when the collision ooourred. The defendant was travelling at the rate of between 14 and 15 miles an hour. Had defendant driven at a slowor pace bo oould have turned in to his near side. Tho de fendant was flnod 10s; John Marsh nod John Smith for diaoboying tho orders of tho Captain of tbo Holona Mena were oaoh sent to prison for 2 weeks with hard labor. The mail from China brings the following news i— It is announced with an appearance of authority that the telegraph convention between tho Chinese telegraph administra tlon and the Great Northern and Eastern Extension Cable Companies, for maintain ing a uuiform rate for messages between China and the reat of the world, will not now be rutiuod, It will be remembered that tho convention waa signed at Chefoo in the autumn of 1888, and providod for tho payment of an annual sum to the Chinese Govornment, the oablo companies having tho monopoly of the trafllo from covtiia ports. It appears that Li Hung Chang (like the lato Marquis Tseng) has thrown bis weight against the convention, on the ground that it would be derogatory to China to give up her independence in this inattor in return for an annual subsidy. It will be soon by our advertisement that the Itov J. Y, Simpson will preaeh in the Wosleyan Churoh, Ffemnntle, to-morrow, at the usual timo in the morning and even ing. In addition to the usual services Mr, Simpson will dolivor his addross to men only on ' Sooial Purity' at half post eight o'olook. This will allow members of other congregations to attend after thoiv usual sorvico iBOver, During tho weok ended 19th Septembor, 1890, the total number of visitors to tho Victoria Publio Library was 278, of whioh 47 woro ladies. At the Porth Polico-oouvt this morning James Holmo8,for.being drunk at the Perth Railway Station, waa sont to prison for 21 days without the option of a flue, and John Desmonde, for disorderly oonduct, was fined Is. and sent to prison for 21 days. Early this morning a lad named George Anderson, aged 13, was found dead in his bed, at bis residenoe, Suffolk-street, Fro mantle. Deceased was appronticod to the tin-smithing trade at the Union Engi neoring & Foundry Company. During this week ho has worked at his trade as usual, doing 18 hours overtime, and was employed yesterday until 10 o'olook at night. Yesterday afternoon the lad was playing a game of football with some com panions in Norfolk-street, when ono of them accidentally kiokod him in the stomaoh. Deceased soreamod out, but he had sufficiently recovered to cat his tea and return to work. Returning home he ate a good supper before going to bed and appeared to be in his usual health. It ii said that ho was subjeot to opiloptio fits, tbo last ooourring four or flvo months ago, An inqueBt will bo hold beforo Mr, Fair. Imlrn at the Polioe-oourt at 4 p.m. to-day. 