AWAKENED. br mes. S. S. aldiirch. Seen a pretty home it was—an old farmhouse, partially modernised, with a big bay window, broad piazza, and sunny verandas, and an old-fashioned porch at the back over which the morning glories clambered. The wide green lawn in front sloped down to a graded village street not ten minutes' walk from a large summer hotel. But back of the house acres and acres of rich, level farm land stretched away, where sleek cattle fed. and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying season was over. Clyde Grange "was considered the finest farm in all the country round, and -when the young master, Willis Clyde, fire years before, brought to it his pretty wife, Milly, people said slie was a fortunate -woman. But Milly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and something of a dreamer, and still had that old fasliioned notion that husbands ought to be lovers. And IVill, though he had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after his marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic 'way. Pretty brown-haired Milly! How lovely, how dainty she was, with her pink and white face and her dove-like eyes! And though so young, she was a, most capable housekeeper, and the kindest mistress in the world, as Aunt Dolly, the cook, and Nora, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in the rambling old house ■was tastefully arranged, and in immaculate order. She made charming toilets, too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But, oh, dear! she thought so open, -with tears in her pretty eyes, "what is the use of changing my dress at all except for my own pleasure ? Will would nevfr .know wfiether I Vore a satin or a faded calico gown." -He had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way he would toss her the lines afterward made Milly remember, though Will forgot, that the happiness of life, to one woman at least, was made up of little things. Deliglitfiil afternoon teas she gave, sometimes indoors, sometimes on the wide, beautiful lawn. And they were always lately attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had hosts of friends at the big hotel and about j the village. Other people were not iin\x=req-\ I mindful of her charms il her husband was. And when sometimes at their tennis or croquet Will passed through the yard on his way to the house or field—Will, with his : broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache—and carelessly touched his Iiat to the players, for he knew them all, the tell-tale flush on ililly's cheek, and the sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud I she was of her farmer husband. Willis Clyde was a handsome man, handsomer far than even aristocratic Neal Rivers, with his six feet of stature, his blonde moustache, and laughing blue eyes that could, look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. He and his mother and his Cousin Clare were | summering at the hotel. They came early j in June when Seal was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like a long\x=req-\ limbed ghost. Long ago lie had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, tliougli July liaa gone, and the fiery\x=req-\ mouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longmead picnic; a slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road stretched away like a winding white serpent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy woodlands a delight on such asmorning. They started at ten o'clock; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge AYInters over in his busrirv. How glorious the woods were after that dusty three miles' drive! They were soon scattered about in the shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashed through the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a band played dreamily. Milly enjoyed it all, but she was abstracted and more than usually quiet. Will could not come with her, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him. Neal Rivers was always with her; why, she told herself, she really saw more of him in a week than she saw of her husband. That surely was wrong. But why did he monopolise her so, when he knew she had a husband? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, he -was flirting with her, as Madge told him the other day he did. flirt with every girl, adding that he ought to get a wife and stop such nonsense. And though he laughed, his face flushed as he said rather impatiently,— " If that is my only safeguard, the chances are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." He bad a pleasant way of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much at first, as if he had been her brother; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and flushed and paled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told liim "He was like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy himself or let anybody else do so." After the delicious dinner, £Teal proposed that Madge and Milly should row with him across the lake back of the grove, to a little island where some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Milly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluctantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry, pleasant row. When the boat's keel touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers was already landed, Madge, who was always a careless maiden, found to her dismay "that she had lost one of the beautiful bracelets her father had giren her only a short time before. " Oh," she moaned, " I must go right back and look for it. You go ashore with Mr. Rivers, Milly, and when I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." " Oh, no, Madge," Milly said, sturdily. " I am going back to help you find your bracelet." " What foolishness, with all that crowd of people to help me, Milly! Please get out—the man can row so much faster without you." But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Rivers, and her face showed it plainly. " Come," he said, in that masterful way lie had, holding out his hand to help her, " Come, littlePuritan," adding witliaslightly sarcastic laugh, "there are no bears on the island to devour us while Madge is gone, so do not fear. I have been here before and know every foot of it." And as he saw her vexed, flushed face he laughed again, but she gave him her hand and stepped ashore. Tlmv wpnfc a lif.f.lp wnr iin flio 7»onlr fn ■where a large maple threw its cool shadows, and after Mr. Rivers had arranged Milly's shawl over the stones so as to make a comfortable seat, he threw himself on the grass beside her, fanning himself with his straw hat. They sat thus a good while, not talking much, watching the heat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breeze had gone down again, and again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in the west huge "thunder- heads" piled themselves up. But they took no notice that a shower was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurid heat of dog\x=req-\ days. It was two hours by Mr. Rivers' watch, and still no Madge, no boat. " That careless girl has probably forgotten all about us," he said, rising. The sun was obscured by this time, and there was a low moaning of wincl through the leaves. He looked about hastily, taking in the situation at a glance. How could he have been so careless as to take no heed that a shower was coming ? For even as he looked there was a flash and the lirst muffled roll of thunder. How white MilJy's face grew! Ever since she could remember, she had been frantically afraid in a thunder shower. Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly fainted -with friglit, and now— "To the boat-house, quick! It is our only shelter," he said, hastily taking her hand. They reached it just as tlie first wild torrent of rain dashed down. He made the clumsy door fast, and then went back to where she was standing—for there was nothing to sit down upon but the floor. She put out her hands and caught his arm, hiding her eyes against his sleeve. As he saw how white she was he drew his own breath bard, put bis other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward, when the ocean rolled between them, the memory of that pure, trusting, girlish face against his arm "was like a shield about him, the "whisper of a " peace, be still," to his storm- tossed souL It grew very dark in the boat-house, lighted only by two small -windows at either end; one could scarcely see the length of it. The lightning -was appalling, the thunder terrific, and the rain beat and blurred against the -windows—and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping lingers tightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, he brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the -worst of it must soon be over, and they could go out again. When at last it was over, the boat came back for thsm They crossed in safety, and were soon with the others in the ores\x=req-\ crowded little cottage near the grove, wJiera they had taken refuge. Milly looked pale and ill from her fnglit, and Real -was so quiet that Madge told him he "appeared to have fallen upon peace by the wayside," for Ms restlessness of the morning was ail gone. •The carriages come at last, the large ran, and Wilson, the coachman, -with Mr. Rivers* horse and buggy. " Madge,^ Neal said inliis authoritative manner, as he came into the hall," yon-will ride in the "ran, and Milly must go in the buggy "with Clare; she is tired." "Nobody else is, I suppose,"^Madge answered in a vexed tone. " Milly femade of better flesh and blood than the rest of its? " I know that," lie said," so you are going in ttte van with me, and Wileon win Clare and Milly in the buggy." And though Milly did not wish it too tired to argue the point, and be Ihke Ihs wav. ■ " ■ Ivfext day she had a nervous headache^ and kept her room untii nearly night. The girls came to see her, Madge chatten%Iiko a magpie, and pitied her,beeauge her head ached, and told lier how " wretchedly dull it bad been all day -with TTeal also sick,- of if he -was not sick he -was cross and stupidf and had lounged on the piazza all day, noi even reading. . At night she crept downstairs into the parlour, when Will came in to read his paper, and sat down near him leaning her head on his knee. She wanted to tell Mm of her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers, because she thought she ought to, and he had evidently been much worried about her yesterday, knowing how timid she was in a shower. But after he found out there was a house near by where they took refuge, he said no more. So she began at once giving him the outline of the story rapidly and in a low tOne; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When she had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for him to scold her. But Will, who to do him credit, had not heard ten words of "what she was savinf- nr»f,h?ncr but a confused jumble of a boat-bouse, and ferns, and Madge, said irritably,— " How persistent you are, Milly! Wliat do I care for those people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with tliem if you like, but don't expect me to be interested. I "want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing slie cried herself to sleep wondering -why Will did not care about such a thing as that. She sat in the cool porch the next morning shelling peas, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But Milly shook hee head resolutely. " No," she said, " a housekeeper has ofches things to do in the morning than play tennis." " We shall have to send Hieal for you, then," said Madge. " He charged us sot to come back without you." And though Milly felt her cheeks burn, she answered,— . "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for him more than for yon ?" Why, indeed ? But ten minutes later lio sauntered lazily up the walk, put Ms laughing face in at the door, and said gaily,— " Come Hilly, we "want you. Don'fc refuse—we shall he all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all ■winter." As she ran upstairs to brash her Iiair and get ready, slie thought,— " What is the use ? I may as well go, for as he says, they will soon be gone, all of them, and then I can do penance, and— and—Will doesn't care." After that she never refused to go with her friends anywhere. She walked, rode,' went sailing, played games, went to the hops at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way the wave carried her; because they wanted her, and because " Will didn't care!" The night was full of moonlight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last hop of the season. To-morrow many were going home, among them Neal Elvers and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arm. "Hasn't Milly come yet?" lie said excitedly. " Jib," she answered," I am going now to see why." " Here, give her this." He scrawled a few words on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight:— " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. Real." Sooner than he thought possible they came. He stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moonlight as he looked down upon her face. " Were you not coming V " " No." wearily. Then he put* her hand on his aim, and they -walked slowly down the yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. " Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be parted—and mine, oh, Heaven, mine is breaking!" "Say good-by, and let me go," she panted. Ills hand trembled; he gnawed his moustache fiercely. " Milly, I love you," pleadingly. " Go with me over the ocean. You must—you shall! I cannot go without you! I never wanted any other woman for my wife—I will never have any other. With you I can be a good man, without you 1 shall drift to Hades! Come, come, my darling! He will not care—he is hard and cold. Id a week be will forget he ever had you. In your two small hands you hold my fate— Milly, little brown-haired Milly!" " Milly—little brown-haired Milly!" just what Will had said, with his arms about her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft hum of crickets. Over and over the words rang themselves in her " I am a plain man, not given to many words, but I love you, Milly, darling, little brown-haired Milly!" And woven in somehow with the bars of moonlight and the humming crickets were those other words in letters of fire: "What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder!" Down the garden path she fled like a wounded deer; panting, eager, breathless, she did not stop until she threw herself across the bed in her own room, and fainted dead away. Two days later, when she crept downstairs in the morning sunlight, with her pale, shadowy face, Will, waiting at the foot, held out his arms and clasped her to him, awakened at last. 