Sailing Notes. The strong W.N.W. winds on Saturday Rave the racing boara a lively time, and very few got safely through, lint the racing was good, and the finishes clote. Mr. George Helling*, commodore of the P. J. S. C, jumped off the club steamer, and rescued one of the crew oi the White Cloud, which had cap eized off the lightship. Netta sailed a great race in the S. A. S. C. match ; and Isadore won the P. J. S. C. race. The two principal points to he noted in connection with the yawl race to Bird Island last Saturday are the fast railing of Volunteer end the ditmal failure Miranda made. Ninety-three miles in under 11| hours is very good work, especially when it is remembered that the loot 1G niinulcs waiting for the steamer at Bird Islnnd, and that she made the hotse journey prac tically without a jib. Miranda got the lead early in the race, but was passed by Volunteer off Watson's Bay, and was never alter wards in it. Ste seems to have felt the squall very much, for she lowered her mnineail on several occasions. Of course, one race cannot be looked on as a final test. Yet, after all that has been said of her tpecd in s eea. way, her performance is very disappointing:. Thelina Bailed a good nice, and was unlucky in getting the wind ahead from Long Reef home. The It. S. Y. S. Cruisers Race fell through, as there was only one entry, the Pleiades. The following is an account of the race; — The yechts entered, with their rating allowances, were as follows:— Miranda (centreboard), Mr. J. H. Want, rating 25, scratch; Volunteer, Air. W. P. Sniairl, rating 23, 4 minutes 59 seconds; and Thelma, Mr. J. F. Iionre, rating 11, 52 minutes lit seconds. 'A he course, which covered a distance of 93 miles, was from a flying Btart at 7 a.m., from a line between the starter's boat and fLM.S. Orlantie buoy, down to and round a steamer moored about two miles to the eastward of Bird Island, tbence back to tbe flagboat off Fort M aequarie. The conditions as to sails were : Mainsail or trysail ; mizzen topsail, with or without yard on the foot ; any foresail, working or balloon; any jib, not jib topsail, and booming out of balloon forefail allowed. Ho restriction as to crews or limit of time for completion of the race. Just before getting away the Volunteer's bowsprit accidentally got foul of the Tbe ma's bumpkin, which carried away. Volunteer's skipper, however, sent a eparc fpar off to the Thelma, wniise crew, smartly had . the break spliced. In the meantime the msign as a signal ot protect was in ihe rigging, and duly noted by the commodore of ihe race. .Sharp to time (C.55 a.jn.) the flue in the starter's boat was run up as a signal to etand by, the wind blowing light from tbe N. W. at the time, and the tide being flood; tire minutes later the flag was dropped to a very good start, Miranda, Thelma, and tbe Volunteer cross ing almost together, with balloon foresails set. Miranda and Xhelma carrying jibheaded topsails, Volunteer a small juckynrd topsail. Miranda to leeward was leading at Bradley V, but Volunteer came up and passed her off Watson's Bay. South Reef was cleared by Volunteer at 7 hours 28 minutes, Miranda at 7 hours 29 minutes, and Thelma at 7 hours 31 minutes SO seconds. Miranda lost the wind under North Head, and Thtlma passed her. Sheets were flattened for the dose haul along the coast. Volunteer left Thelna very fast. Miranda dropped away astern, and off Blue Fish her topsail was taken in and lopinatt housed. Off Curl Curl she made a tack inshore. Crossing Broken Bay Heads, the yachts got some very severe squalls, and oft' Terrigal Volunteer got one that carried away the eye of the bobstay, and the bowsprit went short off at the stem head, carrying the crosbtrees « ith it. Top sail and topmabt were then taken in. Ihelma had Etowed her topsail and made a board inshore off Cape Three Points. Volunteer hove to to wait for the eteamer at 1 hour 2 minutes, and rounded at 1 hour 18 . minute?, Thelma rounding at 1 hour 41 minutes, and Miranda at 2 hours G minutes. Volunteer rigged a jury bowsprit and set a spitfire jib. It was very squally, and Volunteer and Thelma had to stow inizzen and etayeail in the worst of it, while Miranda dropped her mainsail. The wind came more to the westward, and Volunteer made the Gap, and then stood uuidc, and a few tacks brought her to the Uagboat at G hours 28 minutes 10 seconds. Meanwhile the wind hud shifted to the south of west, and becoming light nude Thelma's a long journey Irom Long Keef, and she finished at 7 hours 4U minutes. Miranda did not finish. Volunteer was sailed by Dudley ; Thelma and Miranda, by their respective owners. Sydney Amateur Sailing Club.— Hurry Scurry Race, for prizes of £b; second, £3; and third, £1. The entriis, &c;, were:— Irex, 22ir., N. Johnson, scratch; Ellie, 22ft., J. M'Murtrie, and Varuna, 22ft., W. M. Paul, 2 minutes; J2olus, 24ft, C. J. Saunders. and Elsie, 24ft., A. Brown. 3 minutes; Triton, 2ift., H. Siiumonds, and Vacuna, 22ft., H. L. Hunt, 4 minutes; Sea Breeze, 24ft., F. G. Kae, 5 minutes; CurJow, 22ft., H. B. Pickering, & minutes; LeBbia, 23ft, J. Lyon?, 8 minutes; tfetta, 20rt, E. W. Heywood, 8 minutes; Pomona, 20ft., J. M. Jtirth, S£ minutes; and Sophia, 16ft., W. G. Cameron, 12 minutes. Tfco course was as follows: — A flying start from line between Etarter's boat and Kimbilli Point beacon down to and around lightehip and Sow and Pigs, back round Shark Island and fiagboat off Fort Macquarie, thence round Fort Denison, and back to flagboat. At 3.15 p.m. the starter got the boats away to a good start. Netta was lirst across the line, followed by Varuna, JEolus, and Irex in the order named; tnen came Sophia and Curlew together. Leabia was 30 seconds late, Ellie, l£ minute; Vacuna, 4 minutes ; Sea Breeze, 5 minutes; and Elsie, 16 minutes late. Curlew was first round the flagship, followed bv JEolus, Irex, end Varuna. Vacuna tilled in tbe lead to the island, and Sophia gave up. All sorts of courses were sailed en tbe beat to the flagboat, Netta. working to leeward of Garden Island. There was a lot of changing of place?. Curlew had too much sail and gave up, and the nagbbat was rounded— Varuna, 4 hours 49 minutes; JEolus, 4 hours 49 minutes 15 seconds ; Ellie, 4 hours 50 minutes ; Netta, 4 hours 52 minutes ; Irex, 4 hours 54 minutes ; and Pomona, 5 hours 3 minutes 30 seconds. Mo\va caught Varuna on the wrong leg at the finish, and t&ey; fouled on the line at 5 hours 1 minute JO seconds; Ellie finished at 5 hours 5 niinutes, and Netta at 5 hours 5 minutes 35 seconds. Netta, sailed by her owner, takes first prize, -Solus second, Varana third. Port Jackson Sailing Club Handicap for prizes given by the vice- presidents of the club. The entries and handi caps were :— Mantura, 24ft., Craigielee, 24ft., and Lot tie, 24tt, scratch ; llegina, 24ft., 30 seconds ; Idotbea, '4tt^l minute ; Atalanta, 22ft, 2 minutes ; Esmeralda, 22ft., 3k minutfs ; Scjlla, 24ft. bsadore, 24ir., and Our Tom, 24ft, 5 minutes; Violet, 24ft, Our May, 24ft, and Mikl Wave, 22ft-., 64 minutes; Massilia, 24ft, and The Ghost, 24ft, 6 minutes; Imcgene, 22ft, 8 minutes. The course was as follows: A flying t.tart from line between Btarter'e boat and Fort Denises, down to and around Lightship and Sow and Pigs, back round Shark Island and Fort Denison, thence round Shark Island and back to flagboat off Fort Denison. At 3.30 six boats started - Mantura, Our Tom, The Ghoat, Craigielee, Wild Wave, and 8cylla. in that order ; Violet crossed the line, but had !?- lower lurfH ''Usadore started 2£ minuteslate. The wind wasbard fromW.N. W., and all were reefed, but Onr Tom end Craigielee. Craigielee was first round the light ship, with Mantura second. Our Tom filled, and gave up on tbe way to Shark Island, and only Craigielee, Mantura, The Ghost, and Isadora, in the order named, rounded. But on a wind it was too much for Craigie lee and The Ghost, and tbey gave up. The finish was : Mantura, 5 hours 29 minutes 20 seconds ; and Isadora, 5 hours 29 minutes 52 seconds. Isadore, tailed by Mr. J. Young taVes first prize ; and Mantura, sailed by Mr. Chris. Webb, second. A general meeting of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron was held at Baumann's Cafe, Pitt-street, on Wednesday evening. The following were present:— Commodore Milson (in the chair), Messrs. J. F. Hoare (vice-president), J. W. Ferguson, K. T. Carter, Clyde Smith, Manson, Busby, Laidley, Waugh, Yonng, G. E. Fairfax, W. Keeks, J. O, Fairfax, Stanley Griffiths, Cocktihor, J. Maccabe, Mansfield, A. Micnett, and H. CornweD, secretary. The following new members were duly elected : — Messrs. William Besiker, I. F. JoBephson, W. Lee, Chas. Pearson, Hugh Macdonald, Captain Rowan, and Critchett Walker. Captain A. C. Turner was nominated for membership. Mr. Busby's new yacht Boronia wss admitted to 'the club, the official measurer having handed in the customary certifi cate. The sub- committee appointed a few months ago to revise the rules of the club submitted the result of its labours. On the motion of Mr. Hoare, seconded by Mr. Griffith?, it vae, decided that a special general moeting should be called in two weeks time to consider the same. Mr. J. O. Fairfax suggested that draft copies of the new rules should be printed, so that mem bers might obtain same for perusal upon application to the secretary, and the suggestion was adopted. 