into sotUrri \w,{ts rArAv,, - ,' nfATED. AILwAY 'ANJ iT1RA M WAY; ASSOOlIAT.ON. rOIMAI'rION OF .A nllI.\NCHI AT 110iMIO. tJgnlAEs t!ll Inlo elithllhusiistlo lulld .llutn IratiIteOutll ov'r h'Ol'."at:lolotbo wIas that •htich tookfp ~$tcoi t ? .tho llunding';lloom last Satirdayy hvuiut.j. "T'ho?.olijoct of the gutlhoring wlas thu itnaiugutratio of ai brainch if the ulblvu isoctllniii alt 13lubo. Tho cosy little rooml waslilluedto its utterlnost, a?ld tho outburstis of applaustiteo which grooteodil thie olllt?h tulteit of various latlions of thei motiig, shlowed imost clearly that in this sm1Tl llol rtion ofl'tll- Southeorun honi 1phoru thlloru iru hellarts whioh applllciato dunocl'irat a principlehs, 11IIIi thalt the lo80s8 ol's of those hoUatts will join one with the othor ill furthurance of any object which vill todit6 ,i the ilulrorvtuioent of their guttoral status. Coliteoquotitly, tupobn tho plpetluan) e iil.,tliibooati 6of titae Genei'ra. Yecretary(\, (\Ir. :P - uliey, who, by the way also ouctuples the position of Protoutionist melaberlsortlodfeurn), thuohall was nladc to roverbbtrato Ith:iilppllinaso; ljfBko' pt.o coodiitg with the businoa?of the oreoling, Mtr Suhoe toluldetoll a huluat aplnlt ' y for he abbund,,uc \i -'tl u Trsi,1iti .t. ii'1"i'C" IHoylo,'wlio, ht saidl lHid bdoi t'akeh vary ill, and was consqIloC tly unable to loave with himn (MJr,, Soul.o) IHI cottl tisoiru theal, howuyvr, thit t',1r. lI.ylo'Is whole heart' ws ill the itvovoinent, tand its regards himself, it gave hiti the greatest plelatuoe to bt?3i, i t'eitlts ysolognto ,Itr1Va5 Iltmadly tedS.h?im u .tl htiml to iy alythnig tt tb lon. .this?l~rb ahth?1 vas. ol.gitit~", .but'he, might e? y ?h at?lu,.'inkt hI otilli, it' was brpg"tlabout, b h;ti rtiliqg fromP tisosvl whq desurad"tol ot:titthomesay 11 i1i0o a bt'anclh. tdlboscobmo catobeia of thlo tssaooiation in quaostli, iApplic'ti otltnd:l beaonn tilde to ith Io?iiul,,or ,'ruing body ,, lit il oolt-, plialuc. with th;t t.iLquiest 'he~' oounil do pistad hitmn tllic SaIh o ) to' opm: doeen und ,opuh tho d'oi'thliols,; Hai t'o uld,. othtrofrwe, conuliece by. reQiling,,4tlht dhiepolsution,, whicl showed thatr : 'tho n?liti;lyhn dos bianch is No, .33; and tho tlato of its iaigur tion .tlhio .3:lth of ""~ltiu ..1t0., lul ;. re.... th? e: .... pe. lt.t.ts,; ht` (Mr. Oliis3.) ?fAttl hicetlhatilt]t pbe'tL?nro it do oelaing tlto b'irlutcll oetilbli'chUd' (,Applauso;) Tho fltst thing wwhch it whi1 lsoueestitty,for. thotn to do thton wits to elect olIlcois, who woulld hold thlut position until the 31st Maraohocrt. Tih follohe i? ,alficer woarso . thenou dttly oleohI C'i --hldit , mhn i, ?e'loi'go Iing ilVicslhtiirthan, Mr. 'Tlhoens ,Wil lits e 'rTrbtisul'e~f h Mr; ilti 'lobirts'i ghoullgai , t itpard tlfaddo, Frlodoetisk JacUkson, Olhlt,'s" ''iab oi'it and Pi Williliml Claro Truisttee:, Mtlees, l Jurno. 11o01or1, Thoilns II lligalo, Iakd Jalos DIal hly, 'oeho itowly-olootod whoairnin. 'a~.as thorl iltdbototd irto thoo o(hair, nnd he imnlolli titoly thaiked tlhoul far, the prpsitiol of hotor to'yhioh lt tlad batin s o6"ed Ho 'wt lil'do his utmosl tb' becdritd 'thenaintod with the duties which would fall ititon ltie shonldgrs, and'to carry ott thosoe diutiosto thel bsti tf hisi hbilit:,' ,. F' ., . A"question was iaoro asked as o 'whether moes who waor, only worlting casually at Botbofwp0t'o eligibio "·to joinotho B3rachl SiS thrlr'wei'o J\lint . hhb i?'otildl joitni if they had the privilogo, ,,, e: ' ; Mr. aho yropliod that as li ed ln'stimo thini to say at ta lator poriod of the moont ing it would bo as wol..if,. they.loft the, queostionis to thle ant, when ho wounin bh' moast happy to allswer quostions deuling with say nlatters tllLhat h liliglitlMve' :;ovor-i looked inse thl ceoroas of tois b·alnhblil- Aris' far aits "clisnal mloat joining the branoh worn conofl'ndd hii miglhteny ' Yes,' ae the rulos i'stlitbiP that ainy . person.,in the employ of teli Oommissionrd for lanilways' wits eligiblo for'ftiombolship. If lho.leaved the seorvico ho coasos to bo a mombor, but if ho hals boen a moemnber of tho..eSiok and Acidont ?lld, lieo oall retain his interest in that fund if "ho, oboss,. . :,B£r, 8?hoy.thonicdnitmoneod his* tlin'ipal discourse to the men, Ho said it appeared to be oxpbetod that he should makoe-soino, sort of an address to thorn, and at the out Qet he skeod thomnlto make thoinsolvos com' foiitdblet Tlidd ho eaidLlilfr, 'hltii'tianidndd uouloen I.In' oIonith .la tratnih of any: 6'cld eati ;flliilthd, f a?, is'hl' foi'l tlloso' 1xho popeodit tohavo somot]iinito sa;upon what p6ct ofirataolats nl'tenhtd; }'members kwsro boing'caskl d , ito b:jon: 10 o e sheglld th?sl6ftiroXili to' it'?thant f?et tfai?t' this' society wjd ooueornod )t wisa a.n dalight 6Siet3?,thti ahho. gL, itwi?a' nt dserot citti P n h. ~' ,\'ao h'.icrlsoprfoed ito r ,ligh hto 1dar kites, t otne whose objects t.ollon th s iced to ihido or cove'r tip withincsiuy bter 'tfge dt tf tlt days, alhiooen Wo tig'rll h; did nquhtlt cl olso0 ý,'.i(dplullreo,). l'Chet'e, -was nItow the bonefgii l o eti tii 1 its-?idrtil iiniht' netlt, ýoio'kitlg r hllninO~d.'bo ltU?almmd to tlit toskd thom t lu.o niditt vld I .til 'hoa sson oiiotibn fNtheir peohi'ohlpo eferero ed light to daof noess and one whoso objoots theo woas aeo nes to hiilo or iovor tip with sbto which Yugo, InI theso days, when W?ork!lng ,ion know the bonefte of"t'tritit6 unionism;' -lie askod thom to uonsido i'llhat,was,tlt o oondi. tioul of thoir prodooousspl),bofpJ'? th .';orer 6f: trades ulionlom, twhldnbioi from til' foroe of oit'0umsteucoa d Lnll tho position?s thoy oo, nvomis ofa di, atldiitdiid h lio?l be crid incod ttthat th ltril oft .fracdos ?nionieln. which 14'#dit? l t?i?uortinibili dlittfoi. wdt .eilpawur lttt h ho.we i;clwlh had of ctiland ltllt I id bottced the cotirhon ditlon of tho imass ot Xgdtlhg p'bjtlo, (1t?t kitow thoet Wore a l10ig1 nullnbet oh thiadin, poeplo whol wor ltposaod to 'Tritdoes Union Ism, and thore alway.-:oUldlie?,.butttheb know of-hothiny wlhich Would tond to nmnanolnkoorldng nuulhd from t isdt iecaiid f bap oonstot w.1ts6 Faro "oppool tthbgs ltir~ds?,ohe oioties oslno to I?rst-nentionod olass he was fort those peoplo onjoyod in thlu plt, and tslhon thy would bo convintcd of this-that thoro has boonl and is goIS on, sot o soistb of woak having for itrstr ajaethos'bbtti;f montof their anudlition, ansl thoers coull bo no doubt that thay wore beotter off thtsy lui theotilnionllluded to, It oInllst ofeitlb tirto gortng oti Wlll 'thdie cetibn thoi; lives, othltlu; wiothsut any troubleo ,or olM'pnVntth't ntilthb'ttbooeom6 okoeod hglyig illlbff, Othin'ith xrtin' '? ithbolvoie in Say?-ifricyl.t l6O eaiut;, strliko thinI ",hft'i'h1ld wstvisaith ligniquiio.os in that ltithfl :'ltfl isithuthr'o otlpio eisnosn 'why wotring' n opl?h World it gel?tio~ the fhl price of thei labour thlsy sllotforam, ?b : woaptld not Bq into cyory phaeo of is0 ih lo. ion that night, but would consider facts.. Io asked thom to poniler over two or'throo things, and deal with matters which woro within the knowledge of the man of the present time. (ltuar, hoar.) It was a curious f'oit to notice that very many of the labour novoieonta having as, theli objects the bettormoet of the con ditiore of working men hadl been started amongst the miners. When thoy remembored wl.hat the Northuimborlaud miners wore :ears ago, whet their work ws, andlthe conditions under which it was performed; and think of the hours of labour and the wages tley received at the present time, it imust -lie apparent to themo that there was a vast reovolution going on' for the bettor, And if there was anll person present prepared to aomno lorward that night and say that the boaleits they derived was not owing to trades unionism he asked them to do so. (Appluse,.) There was imanthor class of imen about whom he had something to say, and that was the elss: connoeoted with ships. They wore the worst treated of any class of working men. At the present time the seamnon on tho'coast of Australia were bettor off aierogard wage~Os, co?ilitions, and timeu, than this on the dicp water ships on the other silo, of the worl I, [" A voiioe : "Quiteo right ., It; was, the same thing which had raised other br h ches of labour that raised the seanoni on the Aus trali:n coast to thie peosition they now stand, viz., Trades Ulnioism, (Great Applause.) Some time igo in or er to secure the whole of the coastal trade, ia 'd'rtain stoainsliip oomppalhy mit'ud :al effort t'reduod the waiges of their oimplovcns, but they tiurned rounid awl saidl. " ', our wages onhlygivo ls a fairlycomforta blo livli hood, ild nuot too much of that; if you likeo to'cut eoah other's throats 'for the coastal trade jou can do so; but.yoii shall not, re duceo our wages to 'eaccoimplish your ncud," The consequoien'was tlat the mon's wages were not roddotdd If soeamen had 'at tempted some tiletia"o t.objeat to a'reduo tion in their iiages tiey woull have booeen laughed at. ' But in, the instance refe'rod to, 'theJ wereo etlcoleful and did nothing more than they had a perfect right to do, And why wore they suocesssul? For the simple reason that if tho.mastere had dared to carry out the reduction, it would have meant tho looking up of the whole trade of the' shippers of the coast-in other words it would not pay the masters to lock tip against theoo eployees. (Great Ap iflauso,) He cbuld qdote: manTy in'eances, but those he had h'ready given, would show that'all over the wo. l. thoipoeoj'), of Trades Unionism was lioinig felt, and where properly guided it 'was lto; meost benofioont power over the population of thillsworld posseshed for tho, aielioration of the lot of workiteg people. (Great Ap plauneo.) Every advanctage they poseseod at.the present cday had boeen won for tlhei by i lon, seoveroe and hard stiggle by those before thmn. (Applause.) If they roand thie history , of workinim men they would find ', that'' w?'eorover' :.they needed redress, and to receive for thlotm solves the necessities of colnmon edct3iU n, it was itnmprative fotvthmi' to.bind tuo eFo and formin ti'adds'uuision' Thiorodnlctmon in the hours of labour, and the increased rate of payment had i beoen gined through that channel,; nIudividtanlly those could doenotli itg, Theyowro like the listorio bundle of "UitcksL9 .:aDisutiitod they Wore powerlessl united they became implrognablo ; and once in a firm body they could do ovorything that was right and proper, (loear, hear, and applause.) IeI couldl follow the subjoot Sgreat dealh furthor--many hours tmIllght be. takelid up! annl.tchlumns of a newspaper filled with the triumphs of tradesunittn ismn. linut lot himi .say oao thing more, partiduhiily abouit the soeints' some of thoni 'ad joiied-it is b tride unionti 'Thoey did tiot blink the fauot, bt wore proud of it, It is "t 'h e'ssboiiitibn'df'ratilway und tramway employees of all grades, united to advance thoeir social condition, and for their nttual aid and protection," That was the epreoss objects of the 'assocatior. IHe did not claitst thitt trades usiiccoilisin noeer intade mistakes, All inc we ro liablo, and they lknow"that' in .the past many vory great mistakes Indeed hlied boon tnode in its, ýranks, , Butt hoie, would: t liko to leotdr frdni histo', whit ibody bof mecn had boentbandet: together ?hslo lhid not made mitisiakilo ' ut nitt as thli,'r ecelvod their knowledgeo in a tha hhost' iidl'beoat form flidy cotildd do'uildbe tll iidumnsthhnces ln which they liyedjso 'thoy iwouil find tlhey rdould do more ciridmoro' thic they elould dotand loss and loss of what tlioy should noet , .Theiir 'association 'was open' to cyorynannw'lho wasea servant of the linil ',ay'Dopartmiont, '.Thlay 'hid'uo disturb' aceos, political orhothoecice,. They did iot want to litiow hetlitor h mattl 'bolongdd to the " yelldw facionlor the greeon faction," or whetloe he' wet s' a pt'otootioist or freo traedor, (Greoit ,applause.) All they ro quired'was a rigid confoethiity to tho rules of the Assooiiation, and, fur a matt to be imbued with the doeiire f helping his' fllow workmon, soas toraltoonoaniothor toa hilghor1 and better position than ihoholds at present, (Applauso.) l'ur those who wasre fully satisfied with what; they lind, thoe Assoolai tioin' libldd:'ilb nci tindimaiaonts, If there wore any such thora they wore not to be ditihtguillthedlfrlountho aiulnill in thile pon,. or that which rnlllm about the houseo loose (Applnuse,) . But' for those who felt thai thoro was omtething to struggle for, aomae thing whiohk' will leaveo 'theoir hihhldon in a better and happier state of being than they thomeolven, those unions hold out pooial edvdirtaged, andl poasibly a specll salva tion, (Apphlao.) Thero was nothing itndorhand' abaut lthihl'sesalatati', bitt 'thiro aord hom'eodlmbme ia thoe'soidld who would useo' a slandeorous tongmeland, they fitnid thigtthdli itsiooli'titi dld'ri'dt fron from insult 'nid sladtld'.',. Bitt, ean-is ealid befoihd;'thby'+ vdtlb"d 'miclhight ionibt, ahtnd anyone who had anythitng to cly ngeginst It ho.hallenged. themn to comeo ftorward and lit it to the proof antd if thecie Aseoclatlot coutld not disprove what might be otated, thdu 'thny\ would, admlith bporaon who 'roglr if tra trdd thnio h?d' folthd thli truth,' (Apploteso), It hedbolei qaid that hie 'Ass6dtiiuirt f 'as 'p0cb'd id thb intereete of tlie Dolnitiientil amd to tlio; shoht6ind doslIrm dif'tho Coinmisslohndri, ' 'T1hat Was'an ontirely fal·sec stmontro,, Tlne 'frst thlno th"mial'ndo mdcirc ry'far i nym.m hiy do lm'dy'o 'mon peedor a:stri't dicipline and'.s. n toen of r'ni ed dt ot ot "it" bliJyo'ahd dd tioliidtity faithfull~t! thoecnpartmnen i anhloh they heeyo-·' T.niorof.t'n feognecliti " thit, their Ai.?ilicilai riohitired that o~nlcSy lon' ulmi i hbybdehall d10''IIl'?,'It 'hodnctly mind proudly I if hle doo nes l t'lhb ,Assooeatitoni will hnvo tie slook itf mthatmtah hftiir' 'Thb issooiatlon was n!ot to protaut a mnun wht :wouldd not. do hls duy, otr to btop an: mnan in a posltion whch Ieo mIght hoad ,s regards tlheo working of the ditfforont branohos they had to hbe careful nmnonk thomselves as to what ohnmaotor of person thod acFnittedur'llhoros svefhthmism whi? woild'expeooltto.,?ay, ddiitiuddraw, 1a dad 'ayk i'" for it andl there wore a foe who: ould Wltilt;tb:pa?il' fi .Od 'nd:got £E sotuih oi.nc of sisticiee. :' That' Itid of' thlin they would have tt wtloh, and lbeo oautlolls as to how they allowed ' thoh: flttlls to be lused, Theo.asesqlatlon tqucleOd tiuni to do thui' dut'y plropoily and fillly~nweas ustbal lishi httqiutnprove thi I'elWay setyants anu i wauI 1, ! g u93I9 9t tb9 Wurd hmimlqul t thlo' tailway Comnnissioneors, or obstruotivo to 'the proper olfecors of the department. What they 'wauted for thoemsolves they must be contest to give to other peopleo. They wanted fair play, and ino1 who wanted that and would not give the same to others, the association would have nothing to do with. All through theo had tried their very host to nat thoroughly in unsion with the Conlmissionors. It' the service was to go on properly, and they (the man) scoure the best advantages for themselves as well as the Coummissolsois, it was necessary to pull together, and work one with the other. This associalion instead of being opposed to the Ihtiilway D)apartmenont, was formed'for defensive. pulposes, and not for unduly interforing with things which did not con corn them. It was to look after their mom beors' interests, at the same time studying those of the travelling public consistent with the interests of the Department and the Governmenit nder which they serve; Sometimes, however, it happened that the bhost men did not got the positions they ehould, In such services as these there wore tyrants small and big.,' Bt of all tyrants he said." save him from tho~petty, tyrant " (Great applause.) It was very.., much easier to put up with the iniquities of' a big tyrant at the top of the tree than the potty tyrant--A voice: " Quite right' )] striving for place. (Applauseo,) And it some. times happened that in the absence of the big tyrant the potty one " dressed in a little brief authority,' as the poet said, determined to make the best of his position while he 'had the chance, (Applause,) And it again happened that when the way in whioh those putty tyrants have been managing reached th eaor or: eye of the Dopartment, they woeefoundtobogoingin anoppositodireotion to that which the'head would have thornem go, And afterwards, it sometimes happened that when tile head discovered what use those tyrants wore making of the powers they possessed, instead of being pleased, he asked them " to please be good enough to knock it off and do something else," (Great ap. plauso.) eIF did not suppose they had any thing of that kind at Bombo., ('Great ap lause and laughter,) , He supposed' they ived in a state of Aroadian ,simplioity (larughfor--and that those in authority strov~bio do the best for those under them, If they did' not, he was remarkably sur prisod, (Prolonged laughter;)" But if there were any asperities ho: 'hoped 'that a little of tie milk of human kindness would be ised and 'an ondeavour made to smooth off any rough point, It was neoossiary"' t take the rough points off many things sometimes, 'If they got hold 'of a, rough piece of;iroti, ir order to smooth that dogw thby would have to use a file to put 'a smooth face upon it, This Associlitlon was th'denmo whuroverit existed, from Albury in the south to Tonoterfield In the north; from Twofold lray to Wilaanntia, The branch opened that niglit w?is Nbo 83 on the roll,: so' thirt"they would see there were 34 other branohes, Wherever a uian went;' while 'hd , Was a member of one branch, he was a member of tlie otrltrs, (Applause,) Aundif is omber loft BHmbo and wont elsewhere, ho::would find the members of other branches stretch out thie' hand of'fellois"hip and:l tihk him 'amongst them. (Applause,) ,It was only 4 years since the Association' was started, and they hadsucceeded in doing a great deal of good work, He reouieborerd well who' it was first started, ihe' Ihaviig. been' one of the promoters; .and whetoi: hir. poke' about railway matters, hoe;polke of sonso thing which'l ie'keno\ son'etlhing about, He served the Railway Dopartment for' years, and, held a very good testimonial from the latd' comimissioaer, Whio he remembered the state of wages dluring his soivioo (when men scarcely venturO:l to say that their souls bilonged to them), and obntrsated it with the present time, it appeared to' him that a great improvoinent had taken place ; arid it was through the work of. this Asso-,. ieation that this improved state had come about, (Applause,) In the times alluded to,,if a man ihd " big nnolo " in the Do lirtmont he was right enough, but' if. he did not happen to possess one or even a mein bar of Parliament as a friend, he was put to do all the heavy work without'any ohance of promotion, And even. yet they found the'.sorvic.had not reaehod,a.state of pro ficioncy in that'rospeot, There certainly were cases where men entitled to anything got it without asking, but there were a lot of lotte's' where ' porheps' they' were 'not treated asnice as they should be,. Whether it vris owinig to their native industry or not he did not knowh, but they seemed to got forgotten and overlooked, This Associa tion was the means through which anyone desirousof inaking their voice heard could do.so; and if there was anything intended for tihe oars of the Commissioners,:. they could depend rupon it reaching them, (Ap plause,) 'A person yishIing to make ancape peal' could do so' through the Assdoiation, and, moreover, the Commissionors were op. posed to any iran' trying to block suach a coursoe, They had had a great many appeals to the Commissionors and got a great many 'injustices remedied, whtoh, without tihe assistanco of the Assooiatlion, they would not have got; Ho did not know that he could state, the objects of their Association bettmr thliti lie had done 'IB the systope of alpplals the men were onbl' e to give ox prossion to theirconaeiintiodii~~ nionlikalep. right mon and fellow-workmon, aend without fear or'trombling,' Ieo would now like to say something about the Sick and Accidont Frnd, Evory branch:of the assooiation had its own fund, and managed and kept ite:iwn nioney-they oould' not havs any thili'::iloro: domooratio than 'that,' 1h" t theoo was a Central Body, whose "xponsaqa had to bh raid, by overy.branhol, With that sxcepttoii each 13i'anah managed its own mnies by representatives of its own, To give an idea of what the Assoolatiou dlitbrased, !ho said that last ydar they paid away:for deaths £1,100 'and for siolk pay, .£2,d000,. making'.i total of £8,O000. etor lingzdistributod in ano year for bonoefits, It milia thereforoe boesaeon that they had already accompllished a great deal of good, tHe kntew enough to. convince hibn that it was the duty of overy man to enter into some kindofabonoefit society, so thdt when he departed from this life he would leave those beohind him in batter cirecumstanoee than they might othorwio boe. For every de~th they lpaid difforeont sums, For the liast 12 the amounts paid were £70 to oulch widow( I'but when they hild 80,00( flnauneil members o a' the Siok and Acol dent Fund the Asseoiation would pay, £100 atolelibeg t e"bory.. flnanorlrl oenbor, . wido They. thereforooe oombined a lifo assuraui?ce eoty' with a aoarlit eociety, If a inombhor ·'wi n Ul tft for his dlutieso thioiiglh illnirse hu rooolved li petr' weoek fitlhoflirt 0? meonthi I if hle 'id aintablu at tlhoi'oxpity tof' that. timo to resume iyork,' .ljo; c crioveed .is putr . weook' farit ft.ltrt of l mnoiths ' nid eioiillhcu tl ~n?e eelieernty re-, ,cosereri, hiij'b-d eittl leer' wook' froe' ai (thr0,II r th,, . sh seoe amorntef' In tihoes r'ulos whvlh wouhl be pnbllishoe , lii 9opteetno' nextl;, silolrti the pationt 119 5 be r'ccavoered it the oeld.of thire third eurliod of (i montlhs ci lrovision is made fore a uthe t ,h pay'ncrt ef Gs leer wce]k co long is thi e ialnec cito ts, hes enematmbrshiip fuees rangp fror'i a to lot , es fllowes'.: ' Men nld 23 ycanl?e atege, is from 23 to I5, 7s(hl l (fiti 'li) to ,13, 10, I 'ann. for. all .senr ",vrr '3 and under 5 yoears of ago, one yeaur's geatriution (fOe) for 99hi yuer a angdit dato's ago oxoeods 4I; o ieorson over 65 years of ago. i, t txmembership. They drew 'tie line ait ,?ya . He sup posed it was the only s ?oty ein the colo uieu adinitting monll up to that ago. The payments were 2s ((d1 per month paid in advance on the first of each month, or such other time as agreed upon, and (Id every timo a member died This was an oFtanisation which they all should join. and not liave the noecessty arise in case of his death for a canvass being mlde amongst his follows, asking them to put their hands into their breeooches pockets to pall out their hard earned wage because the departed pone had made no provision, If in the As sociation, the provision would be available, and nothing of the kind 'necessary. It was therefore incumbent upon them to make that provision at the present time, lie kniow the hardships of a working man as well as anyone, 1io had worked with the pick and shovel years ago, and on the wharves carrying griain, et, let worked on the railway for is per day, and had a wife and family to keep on it, It was the first duty of every married loan, or every msan who hoped to be married, to make some provisibon for those whom lhe has sworn'to look after and love and oherish .(Great Applause)-and leave those who ro ,inainod behind him in as comfortable a position as possible, Nothing, he knew, ood?id fill'the place of a husband and father of a famnily; at the same time, when the newly - made widow had some friends, around lher with £60, £00, or £70.'for her from the Society to which her departed husband belonged; and whioli would keep her from the cola charity of the world, and give her time to look round, it was a great consolation to her, A mar' rdceiving wages regularly from the Departmentthl same as they wore, knows exactly how much he is going to got, and should therefore make some provision for his wife and little ones . The moneys in their sick and accident fund were not to be gsivbL away as if they were a oharitable 'stitution, .They must be distributed according to the'rules of their association, and not as if everyone was determined to get " his. ponnortlh,' (Laughter,) They had also in" ednootion with the assoodition a newspaper. it was not conducted like ordiiiaiy newspapers-which by the way overy sian must read if he wanto'd to keep himself abreast with: public: life, and lihe kitdiw of nothing which would make him a better 'man, Thlie 'association's paper was coiifined to'railway ind tramway matters, Its prics is8s'per year in advance, or 3d per edpy.por mentlh But lie would hero ro. nisod them that they liked subsoriptions in ad'vance,' This system enabled them to do their ivork economically. It not only shelieod; themn what was going on here, but also 'what was going on in Ehigland, Queensland, Now Zealand, Victoria anrid other parts of the world, It belonged to the 'association, and he (Air, Sohiy) managed it, If it did not go on as the meni desired, all they had to do was to make it do so,. as it belonged to them aild they had the postr, The paper was established bo cause they 'were voy commonly misropro sentod.through the press in varios was - its alms and objects were misrepresented, They had, however, reason to ba very thankful to the :press, not only of Sydnosy but of the country for the assistance they had received from it; and why? Because the objects of theihssooietio' ivereo.seento be fight, proper and good, ,, Not becaise they were a largo body nof railway men,' rbtit. because they were doingl a good work in': i good way They could depend upion it that while they rioted as they had done they would have the support of the press, which meant the sllp poet of public opinion, They would do their work in a .manner that they need not be ashamed of, and not aot like' a fradtioues child .asking for the very top brick of a chimney, (Aplplause,) This weeook he would squd a eumbbr of reviews to the socretary,' soiab for sale. aid others freeoo,' Anyone desirous of subsoribing their names would be thankfully received. There was 'n greater power on earth than the power of the press. Sometimes they had to speak i?udly and sharply through their own paper to maintain the position of the men, and they would therefore see it was neoooessary for them to stand up strongly for their own newspaper, giving it the necessary support which would enable them to speak out whore they claimed they had a right to, (Applause,) After the work this soociety ied done in such a short . time they woull sac what a scope there was for those societies, lie could speak to them on tho subject for several hours, but he had now a fow words to say to the worlking men, If they thought that the branoh formed that night was going to work itself they would be groatly mistaken, It would ro quiro "elbow grease,!' (Laughter,) . Any member who had not paid sp his subscrip tion of Od should not wait to he asked for it by the secretary, but go straight and ' dub it.up." (Hear, hoear) They should not go into arroars, and then groan and growl whoi'they 'had to plank out s1 Od or 2s, (Laughter,)' And as regards the oaceors oldctod that night he did 'not thick they wdiild'hlive any cause to find fault ih th em, Judging from some corres pondence he had 'with their secretary (M?'r Bell) they halid 'made a good solection. (Applause ) But thoy must remember that tihe ver'y best set of men they might ap pdolhit oohld'not manage 'the fehits of the blti'olh by themselves,'. ' It was the duty of every 'iienmbor to' attend the 'mneetings and'takb an'' aoiv0, lively 'nnd intolli. geont: 'intor?,a sln:i all ' that took liltto,:' Rhy neoodead to lbecome imbued with a spirit of self-holp, and on, deavour to leave the world better than they foldlit;: (Applauisei) It would be very ltsecoidsihing for'the 6flcers to go' ntig afta:night:an nd'find no one turn iup but thoinsolvcs, when thoere 'would be no busi nodd done; and the menibers have to stand the consequences If they' wanted the association to go ahead they must; work, Tlioj- e lght just 'se weoll sit in fiont of that well of rock, said: he, thinling it might fall down brokeon metal,., But it would not. Tahey risjiilred'to werk at it beforo it be. came a markotable commodity, It was jist the saeno with the SoUiety, Thoey must sow beafore they reaped, (Applausee) It was just the samne is a person scratohlnghup the earth, putting in a damt Sson seed and oxpecting that in two or three 'days it would have grown Into a full-bllown :tnc, from which they would be able to pluakfruit enough for a damson vieo '(lAp. lusis ) They nmust' go through all the aheges Lofore they arrived at an efll. iotet state of wotsing J.l l abrove all, they wanted the miom, rso ho true to theior ,aesooiation ThtI lJw nothing about the I"orena " o tloiBe Sceity, It was jusllt as necessarys for the man atthoe ongine,' ilseh who wont into the quarry to he true, sihd whether inooehanies, laboulores or com maessionors they wore all equally im. 1Iortant to tho Department, There shoulill 1e no such thing as one Inan rsidering lhhnslolf of more isliportnance then ' cLther - somn men, thor know, did arfro ito t thsielvensh anhil sil ideai, whichll was ti'ong a s overy mian wise depeiondeI 4 1n Iho other, no unatlto how flhe looked flute qllusloln, There was llot i'thing il this wrhld which Trsalden Unilnism could' hot' do If they stuck togethollier, but indiHvldus. Slly lhoy 0r'e 5? pownorIvas neogsi'tus of sand.' Take and dry the sand from off the sea shore, and it would fall apart on no oount'of nion-adhosion, 1 yot tll of that sameino sand, l opeorly ew2r1 aLo?,cnOnted toaethur, a iughty wallri beouilt hioh would resist the force of the sOe or anything thlt could be brought against it, Societies were the samue-individually they had no power, and could be swept out like grains of sand; but coment them together into one hrady, and lot theol move in the one diieatiorn with the one imprulse, and their power was irresistible-noui cold stand against it. (Applause.) iut at the same time, all they asked for was justice. IBy uniting they would find they would lie able to accomplish a great dluil ;lwhich at the pro. sent time appears to be utterly impossibleo. (Groat upplause) The loresent position of the Association stood at somoething like 14,000 members on the General Fund, and their present worth, including everything, was somlnethling like £2.600, Nothing wolhld benefit the working mie's societies so much as having a good banking balanco behind them, and if they had solne power with £2,000 hohind thein, would it not be greater if they had £20,000, But they wanted throe or four times £20,000 behind themo, Thero were some persons who oe lieved that when there were no further in justices loft their work would be finished; that when every man got what he wanted there would be no further trouble, and not so much work to do, but there was no pro liability of that coming to pass at present. There wore numbers of ills which yet ro quired to be reomedied. As soon as one is crushed another is found, and they wore like the boy who made the excuse for being lato " that for every stop forward he took, he slipped back two." So it was with Tralos Unionism; they were oontinually romodying something, Some of the old austoms died very hard, aind it was necessary to put them down in the ditch, and keop treading thent diwn for a long time, until they finally " gave the ghost." There were many phases oft qt qui he would like to have dealt with ad tiino, but he might just refer t th of hours bofore he asked for no. 'nse he Asso ciatic n rocognised oig t ust as as fill andl proper day's labour -for i l conditions 'of a intintious work. Ile h II also somethieng to say on the subject of " Good oonduct holidays,l There were ia certain class of moen who rocoivod six days a year for good behavour, When this Association was first started there were only two classes who got thoso holidays, vie , the drivers and firo mo, le, ocause the Assooiation strove to obtain themn for others it was oharged with being envious. It was nothing of the kind, but tii ttondonoy'of those on the top level was to shove those indorneath them to the bottom; and the difference was this-those at the bottom wanted to level themselves nip higher. The Association only wanted to give thosoe who had not that coneoossion the same kind of thing, and raise the lot. That was the stand the Association took from the first, The work ofeovry man was important to tine good service of the rail ways, and it was only right that every man should have the same inucentive to' do his bestefor the Department. They could not undeistand why only a oertain class got the holiday-heoneo the stand they took. It was a lnrgo question for thinm to deal with, inid one in whiiah they could not get evory thing thpy woanted at once. When they first started in the movoement they, got it extended to thognordsi and their assistants, the :tramway conductors and their 'assis tants; then they got 3 days for the gangere,. Later on they got 0 days for the gangers, signalmon and shunters. These concessions had boon obtained for such a large body of men during the four years the Association had boon at work, and who proriously did not enjoy them, (Great Applause.) QUESTIONS, 1, Is it a usual thing for all moembefs in the employ of the Commissionors to got a certain number of holidays in the year independent of such holidays as Queen's 3ir'thlnay and others ? Answer : He thought that was generally known,;but would send a copy of the rules on this snljet., The regulation was that every man shall have one holiday for each proolanimed holiday in the year, except Christmas Day annd Good Friday, Those are not recognised as holidays, and are not paid for unless worked. For the other holidays they were paid whether they workedl or not, The holidays wore New Year's Day, Anniversary Day, Good Fri day, the Saturday followlug, and Easter londay, Queen's Birthday, the let of August, Prince of 'Wales' Birthday, Ohrist. Inns and Boxing Days, although, as he pointed out before, Christmas' Day. and Good Fridnay were not paid for unless worked, No man haid anight to be done out of his holidays, and if .he was it would be an unjustiable anotion; and, if thlo Commnissionors wore made aware of it they would seooho got them. (Applaus6;) 2\. WhVit is to be done in cases when they do not send the trains hero on those hoi. days, and the men are kept idle I' Should they, not he paid all the same I The quos. tionor know of an instance where applica. tion was made for paymont and not re. oolved ? Answor: HIo would soo to it, 3, During ,last easter holidays Iwase a "wet and dry man" at 1 om o, ' There wore others Iao in thosame groove, Thor wore paid for the Esneter holidays and I' was loft oti in the cold, I spoke to Mr. Ho'lo about it, and he said he would get it roothilod, but unfortunatoly he was not there that night, The question I would like answered is "Was it righlt for a man to do work acid then not got paid for it ?P Answeor: It wats very wrong, and the Department desired nothing of the kind to he donea, The rulo was that in cases of that kind every man hlad a ight to appeal, Ito shoahl first maoke the appeal to the ofileer aboveo hint, and if that was unauo. bessful an appeal should be made to the ihead of the brinol, the Engineer for Ex isting Lines, Ieh shoilid write the appeal out immediate superior ofleoor opel for preason tation to the hood, If he did not reaeive justieo from that source, he had thie further right of apponl to the Oommissioners. If an answer was not received from the Com missioners in two or three weeks, tiheore was the rlight of another appeal, This appoel was through the asnooiation, They slbould go to the general sooretary, reprosoent the fots of thIe case to him, and assistnice would i.e rendered ; and furthormoro, they abuld take good care that the appoeal meoached the Depirtmioint and in onewor he fuirnished , Ilo recommendod that in the ase just montioned 'ku appeal be made, iq lano.)u , . . ?L.' Ai'ri'e onititled t6 Inilway pnaesos ? 'Annwer ' Yes the siame as othlsein the ervle, 'eiid ho 'though t l w ld be ap-, d op if application woreo m?lo for them, o, Isnny, oxtia paiy allowced for work) p61forinodn on Sunday, or for ovortnne ? Answeor The posilion whiehthe Assonlt toin took nih' the overtlmo quostion wae thll--lst Thiere should be no overtime ox. roept ulllder ,xconltimall ciicumstnncos '2m1, If wscloleld, it fhouhld be paid for at ox. triu rates, (Hoar, iOhear,) Ovostino hod to hue wrlierl sometimes, and at other times thoreo was no ncoesalty for t,arlquall, If it hal to Io paid for at eoxtra rates, thore would the loss of it.' The overtime quotionI was not in a seatisfotarv state at the present time. Smine got extra pay for it, but inll gr'Oat many cseas only the regular rate was paid. If they worked overtime he hopeld they would make application to t paid for it at extra rates, and' keel) on do so un til they got it. '?feoee a ti dp tio" wait upon the nc'niRsio kii\,j tlmhi to 'fix the 'ate of ttii A nmcod m Pmhanice got donh o time for the ret 'o hours, and time and ahalf after that, B? m0n who would voluntarily work overtiml was a rascal, as he was only deprivin someone else from earning a little to help himi to sustain himself. (Appllusle.) 6 Is the mother, of a douco?Oed person oeititledl to any compensation out of the Accident Fund ? Answer: That was a vory moot point. The rule of the Department was this: Where anyone is killed while on duty, there isa gratuity paid by the conmiseironors. There was a scale iunder the association yhioh alloe d?to tlh wI, qfi de od onemb lp.? . ju of £1l?, "But ' ases wheo~\e~ ciani under the Ehliydryars Liabi ity Aot the ommiasioners were reos posnible, and one idow hld obtained £300 for the death of hr husband, and another the sum of £475 in consideration of her husband having b en killed by a tramway motor running o r him. The rule with their association w s that where a man was killed, or died whila in a fluanoial state,'a certahtri smn of mncaey was payable to his wife if alive; to tto children if they were orphans, or any person appointed by the deceaseil's will, 1 would be paid to the mother, father, om any per'son that the amount might be illmd to if the deceased was a single man, (Applause,) 7\. Ilas a po em ot to plais a medical examination lef he cane, join the Society ? Answer: to eneral rules, was that where it is possible to submita cnmll to the doctor of the bran h for, examination it shotild be done, bi where it is not possible to secure the ear ioes of a doctor they w mid tuke the asii atures of throe genuine members, All this would be eoplained in 'the now rules whi I would bo issued in Septoibler next, t'he rman hiinistlf paid the dloctoi, unleso4 t ey haoIl a miediecl fund, in whioh caseo'th biranch would pay the doctor, :and on a eeineutbu made with himat so much per had, -: 8.. Would it be compulsory for overy uiemiber to join the fund ? - L Answer : No, it ouldbe optional. If he desired to joi a could do so, If he had io desire he ne not joi, n i, Hlave the ' ed y bonimissioners a library for the be fit' of its members ? VWe have a reading room here at Dombo, but'no books in it. (LaiughteF,) "Answer ;'- the present time there was no library. h\y had £1110 worthof books, but were goin' ~ obtain £200 worth more, and were building a club library in Sydney. The Comnuiissioners had intimated their in tentin? of forming libraries wherever men could be found to read the. books, and supply books to the men. The club library could be opened, they hoped, next New Year's Day, The quostions having been answered, Mrr, SBhey. resuming, said he would like to say a world or two mtno h,bfore leaving them, as it was only occasionally that he could visit cny of the branches. The work of the head office was very hard and onerous indeed, It was a sore point at present as to whether they should affiliate themselves with the Trades and Labour Council, Ito then enterod into a somewhat lengthy ex 1lanation as to their duties towards this oldy, and the manner in which they should assist it; and prooodiung with the theme of his address, that of Trados Union ism, he said that all over the world the people were waking up to the fact that 1'redes Unionism was doing a .work which required to be done. But therowas someo thing mere to be done yet. 'It 'was the affiliation or federation of work ing men all over the worhl into one firm body. Next month there would moot in Sydney repressotatives of all the railways in the Australian colo nies They would meet together in a quiet, unostentations way to form a federation of all tho railway labour of the colonies They wanted an " association of associations " they wanted a federation that would stretch froma one end of Australia to the other, and one which would take in every railway iain, no matter what his grade in its ranks, (Great applause,) In further illustration of wlast they criell do if they went to work propeily ha rolatnd anE istiri fact of the kinig who was it abl to btMii all be wanted at non??, so l aidq" himself " Divide iildl conquor,'? Aa.ll sn, the result Ioiing.?it lie ,' went for ' ne por tion of the npire ati, timeno, and I that means conquered thltid, all, (Lemaihtor.) So it was with theim. ( They must do one thing at a tino, Worling men formed nino teoths of the population of the world, and they had a right to have a very much greater share in the government of it, In canneotion with the association they wore trying to form a 'Widows' and Orphans' Fund in addition to those they had; find when they did that they would no doubt discover i?nauv other tlings which reiinired attolltion, iald which would be for the bono fit of mankiind, They must remember this -thoey were bdttor' off than those before them, who had fought, bled and died ii the satno cause, Worlking mei must reooognise that it was theirduty to iput their hand to the pl6ugh and help to widen out the spheore of human happiness, and do something to make the world a little behotter than they found it, (Groatapplauso.) In cinoluson he could not do bettor than quote to them the following lines composedi by a worling mau on this great question: When Frarens ~lith its myriad hands directs the The old, od rir cjging, yields the pride of plne At tnam, nole C, heror'cr we gaze, tho germs of buid. Strokh.oei lr leots like shadowed plants, and And lc eu arlke pibblos ground thro' ngos by 'rth rvleprtiot flis are smoothnedd by deorce., The ihrpodi up 5 Oppression points in man an so ciarlair, VTiold ee by oeo In rolling o'er the softening seands of Old Prlvilogo, wilth greedy Isngsl his dainty bones may Andl?dith his lo.xuris may hold benoeth lhis selash lut Jcasno, lllhand Wanat nd Toll, though weak. Wialln muc: rei oe' ciatching new, and soon munst Tholr troneth Inoreaslos day bIy day-too long thUey'vo paid the toul 'Whleio e is theirs II they, combined, domand t at Their 'htairo growing qulokly too, snd if they nbk Lot rorowllie Privilego boewre When thea disputo the brona Il. (Oreat epplause,) A vote of thanks wae then pnssad to Mr. Schey for his veory able nddress, and thloo hearty choors also, AMr, Schoy in acknowledging the vote of thanks stated that whoen h was olected gonorl scorotary ho mado n promise that ha would never leave the assooiatioi until it lolft himn; and up to the prosent tieno he did not find himieolf any inuror broniing his promise thn 11h lie e oe tn, lie tried to benefit the working moen, mid he believed ho had done something for themr, Hle WtrTtc4 ide ncv~utlutnnce with the nwyly formnedI branch would b a lon, one, and wishoed it all succeous and prospority. (Ap plauso.) A vote of thanks to the local press for having soot reprso:ntatives to thle neting wa, nthuoimastically passed, and duly ao knowlodgod. This loauos thie noothno, whoaen it was us c taiund that lip to that night 70 mnmburs l) lrdv joined. Nts mouting an a:ljouranmont was mads to slls lloyal IILul, the party arriving' thro shortly after Ii o'clook, whloe an oxcollout bauquet was partakon of by about tS persols, among tht lllu iiihr' p)r' s'nt bhing the member for the di-triot (Mr. G. W. Fuller), and the Preside?t of the Association (Iir IIoylo), who Ituan ?gud to artive by a later train thao thu Surota'ry (Mr. .oltoy), An apology wal5 r?:al fromi the Manager of. theo ]Jnibo Qar'ry (Mr. Tyler), for his absono, \VYu ore, howeveor, compelled to hold over till next issue a report of the proceeds on accoont of the oxtromu length of the first meeting, Sulflu it thou to say that the ba,.l.?t was an oxcollont one, andtl t:lo ;enterl dtrves all credit for it. The assembly dipersod about midnight, 