Oity Cliat. THE FABOEUR. The all-absorbing question-"What shall we liave for our Christmas dinner?"-has once more been satisfactorily settled, and many a "gobbler" and , a. " grunter " is now mooning around, like Rachel, weeping for its children and refusing to be comforted. So far as one can judge by appearances, the majority of the people here spent a merry time, for seldom have the streets of Sydney looked gayer or been crowded with more well-dressed, comfort able, cheery-looking people. The weather was per fection, and although every holiday haunt was packed, rowdyism was agreeably absent, and the gay and festive larrikin assumed a virtue even if he had it not. No policeman got " Bondi," no serious accident happened, although a train tried one on at Goulburn, and, on the whole, the Christ mas of '89 seems to have been enjoyed in a really rational manner. The usual fire came off, of course, something like £30,000 worth of property being destroyed at one of the wharves, and through the explosion of a box of matches in a bedroom the Hon. James Fletcher had a valuable night-shirt destroyed ; but beyond these losses there is nothing to report in the property destruction line, and it is to be hoped our New Year rejoicings will pass off | in a like satisfactory manner. * * * . Terrible things were prophesied to take place in '89, at the beginning of that year, but it turned out that our political prophets were even more un reliable than our turf tipsters. There are signs, : however, that 1890 will see some stirring changes, and I fancy the odds against Protection coming are slightly shortening already. Mr. John Norton has been studying the political horoscope very care fully of late, and strange to say he finds that the fears I expressed at the start about how the Payment of Members would work were based on a very solid foundation. His words are well worth quoting, as they express the opinion of many others down here, and they run as follows:-" There is something else besides the prestige and power of Sir Henry Parkes which is helping to bolster up Free-trade in Parliament, and that is the shameful betrayal oil their trust by a number of the Protec tionist rank and file. It is a humiliating admission to have to make-that since payment of members has been in force a number of formerly " red-hot " members .of the so-called " National " party have visibly undergone, in a most voluntary and submis sive manner, . what may be termed a process of "patriotic refrigeration." By their actions and utterances they show that they are more concerned about holding on to their seats by a policy of mas terly inactivity, and of earning their salaries by doing nothing, than they are of altering the fiscal policy of the country. Never has Bir Henry Parkes shown himself shrewder in the study of human nature, or more wily as a party leader than in withdrawing his opposition to tho Payment of Members Bill. As recent events have demonstrated, and as the divulged caballings of the " Loaves and Fishes Brigade " show, he has by that timely and most odroit move " nobbled " a whole mob of salary and place-hunting " patriots," whose only anxiety is to'cling to their seats by hook or by crook until the very last day of Parliament's natural life." Precisely what I pointed out when the Bill came before the House. , ? . * * . * ? ? Mr. Abigail is not at all pleased with the way in which things are going on either, for he recently threatened the Government that if they did not, in April next, come down with an absolutely Free trade tariff, he would make his voice heard in an unmistakable manner. This is "significant of] much," as Carlyle would say, for Mr. . Abigail has always held on to the notion that he_ placed the Parkes' party in power, and it is quite possible that he was by no means well pleased when Sir Henry threw him overboard, and actually filled the vacancy with that fine old Roman, Dan O'Connor. Sir Henry and Mr. Abigail had a few decidedly stormy sceneB before the Ministry of which the latter was a member collapsed, and the little 'un from West Sydney is not to be despised, for he is a terror when fairly on the war-path. . # # " # It is just possible that some of his strength has been shorn, however, for most of the Orange lodges' here have recently elected the gentlemen who are to represent them in 'the Grand Lodge. A great number of these delegates are strict Protectionists, and nnw that they see the Catholic party is not troubling about the Education Act, it is quite on the cards that the Orange vote will go largely in. favor of Protection. It will be a treat, indeed, if the sectarian cry is squelched and the yellow pup and green linnet arg seen lying peaceably down to gether. ° # # * Another matter Sir Henry has to fear is the en mity'of the Good Templar crowd. _ Months ago the Premier gave tho Local Optionists .a decided promise that he would introduce legislation in favor of their principles early next year, but as no mention whatever was made of it in the Vice Regal speech, the crystal- spring quaffers grew as maa as so many bob-tailed bulls in fly time, and re quest their Parliamentary champion, Mr." Canter bury " Hutchison, to move an amendment on the address in consequence. Just then, however, Mr. Hutchison was lull to overflowing with his own troubles, for a certain lady was endeavouring to prove in the Divorce Court that she wa9 his lawful wife, and a certain other lady was not, and in the end she got a verdict too. Consequently Mr. Hut chison allowed the Local Option business to slide, and now the L.Os. have allowed him to slide also, and have replaced him by a very good man indeed, Mr. John Harris, ex-Mayor. A couple of staunch Local Option supporters had to be carried in to vote for the Government when Mr. Dibbs' motion was on, and it is probable they will be mistrusted, even though they insist on laying the blame on the ."salmon. Altogether, therefore, the Good Temp lars will not be quite so hot for Sir Henry as they were last year, and if our G.O.M. cannot raise an other '' side question and cry " he stands a fair show of going under. I do not favor Protection at all myself, but nothing is ever gained by shutting one's oyes to the truth; and the truth is that if Protec tion could raise a strong leader now it would stand a splendid show of coming to the front after all. « * * Our Railway Commissioners have, I hear, made another importation from England in the shape of an accountant, whose salary will be something like £300 a year. If this is true we should hear a deal more about the matter in another place. The Rail Way ' Act stipulates that no appointment^shall be .filled by ail outsider unless the Commissioners make a declaration that a suitable man for the posi " tion cauuot be found in the service. When the Civil Engineer receiving £300 a year in_ England .was imported to draw £1000 a year here, it was al leged that no suitable man could be found in the colony to fill the vacancy, but surely Messrs. Eddy arid Co. do not mean to assert that they cannot find a man here good enough to act as an account ant. The trouble is that we have too many capable accountants out of work at present, and sopie port of a break should be put on this importation busi ness, or we may yet find our lines manned by Brit ishers entirely. * # * . I note also that the 'first organised fight between the railway authorities and railway employees in . this part of the globe has just come off in South Australia, and resulted in a win for the men. The trouble arose over the graduated wages paid to Srobationers in the traffic porter's department/ here was no row over the principle that the "pro's" should receive less than the regulars ; nor' .was there any dispute over the proposal that the full rate of wages should be 7s a day, but the Com missioners wished to make a larger deduction dur irig'the probationary period than the men; cared to stand. The Commissioners proposod 5s 6d a day for the first 6 months, (is for the next 12, and 7s afterwards. The men demanded 6s to start with, ' 6s 6d for tho second year, and then 7s. It doesn't seem much to wrangle over, but the importance of the fight lies in tho fact that the meivdeclared if the Commissioners did not agree to their terms by 5 o'clock on Friday afternoon they would go out on strike the next day. The Commissioners did not dare to take tho responsibility of closing the railway lines, and so a few probationers knocked them out in one round. Of course the pros, could do nothing unless they had the whole organised body of railway employees at their back ; but the struggle shows that the Commissioners are not sole masters of the situation over there, and I doubt if ours are in that position either. * # * A slight storm has passed over our railway work shops at Eveleigh also, and we are not at all sure thatit may not return. Some of the men in the carriage shop asked the superintending foreman, Mr. Howe, a leading Protectionist, to have their wages raised to the outside standard, which was £3 a week- Mr. Howe denied that this was the stand ard figure and reported accordingly. Further in vestigation proved that the men were right, and their pay has been raised accordingly. Mr. Howe is said to favor the piece-work system, but the men strongly object as it would put them on starvation wages. An introduction of Mr. Howe's pet scheme would probably lead to one thousand men going out on strike, and it is quite possible they would bo backed up by other branches of railway labor. It is said that in some carriage building establish ments 12a a day is paid to good men, and if this is correct it is evident that Mr. Howe has done the Protection cause no good by his action. * * # The result of the Slavin-Smith prize fight seems to prove that the athletes of the old country have deteriorated very much indeed. England's scnllers are hopelessly out of the race, and a more disgrace ful exhibition than Smith has made of himself is not possible to conceive. From the start he never had the ghost of a show with Slavic, and his sole desire seemed to be to back to his corner and allow "Abingdon's" roughs to getin their cowardly work. It is_ reported that Abingdon " having insulted Slavin at a dinner party the latter booted him down stairs, and the only way that the English cur could revenge himself was by hiring a band of ruffians to hammer the Australian. This precious "Abingdon's" real name is Baird and he is a principal in the great Scotch firm of Baird Bros. He is also one of the chief race-horse owners in England, but it is to be hoped his admission into the circle of respectable men is at an end. That murder was intended is proved by the fact that Slavin's backer Joe. Thompson did not dare to at tend the mil} for fear he would get a share of the hired assassins' favors. In a previous encounter with one Goode, Slavin was struck by some roughs with a chair, and in his fight with Greenfield, Smith received the same treatement dealt out this time to Slavin. Some of the parties interested in the Smith-Knifton battle had the parties arrested when they thought their man's chances were slim, and when Jackson and Smith met at the Pelican Club the former was shamefully fouled. What a falling off in England P.R. since the palmy days of game old Tom Sayers. * * . * . We have not heard very much about the necessity for the Chinese going of late, and it really seems as if they had no intention. of doing so whatever. They would even seem to be organising, and pre paring to stand by each other in real European fashion, for we learn from Hay that the Chinkies there have actually started a sort of Celestial Masonic Lodge. At any rato the local paper says that on a recent Saturday night a .room in the Com mercial Hotel was properly " tyled " and a meeting for passing and raising members to the Thirsty-first degree was held, an officer high in the order having arrived from Wagga to see that the lodge goat was properly ridden round Solomon's temple and all the rest of the ceremonies carefully carried out. The room was gorgeously arranged, and the parapher nalia was most awe-inspiring; and one person who got a glimpse at the room, said there were more swords there than were seen at Waterloo. The ceremony commenced about 9 o'clock and lasted until 6 on Snnday morning, and must have been a very impressive. There was plenty of wittles and drink, and the entrance to the room was carefully guarded by a meek-looking Chinaman with a drawn sword. Chinamen are somewhat superstitious, and in proof of this, one of those engaged in the cere mony said, " Muchy rain, big thunder come, makee members keep him word, alee same." During a further conversation a Chinaman who was asked what were the principles of the order, said, " Alle same other Masons. If policeman want you, and he askee me which way you go, and I know you go one way, I tell him you go another way ; you savee ? We Masons alle same." ? # * # Now that libel actions are beginning to become popular once more I would suggest to newspaper proprietors that it would be a first-class investment ;to adopt the French plan and employ on their Btaff that rather peculiar personage known as the Gerant respotisable, or " Responsible Editor." In France it seems that this fortunate party has no work to do whatever, and never sees a line of the paper he is on before it is printed; nevertheless he draws a salary ranging from £100 to £200 a year and is a man of great consequence-especially about Assizes ' time The moment a libel action is entered against a paper the "Responsible Editor " is at once put for ward as the defendant, and if the action goes against the paper he placidly packs up his traps, and troops off to prison to serve his time for a libel which he never wrote, and probably never saw, while the paper and its working staff glide along as smoothly as ever. Small French papers only pay their Gerant £1 a week, but in addition they pro vide him with tobacco during his temporary retire ment from the madding crowd. There are hund-. reds of men here who would wiliingly jump at such a billet* as this, and it comes to bear on the " un employed " problem in a style that opens up che prospect of a very Happy New Year for the ' statue' orators indeed. - £1 a week, unlimited tobacco and nothing at all to do ! Why the millenium for the " Domain squatter " has arrived at last. * . # ? One of the surest ways to ensure a Happy New Year is to do something towards making a happy one for others. And by way of a cheap ad.. I may observe that persons who feel that way disposed towards me cannot do better than forward. 15d along to Mr. T. J. Murray, or Mr. W. Bamfield, 73 Clarence-st., Sydney, or any of our booksellers for a copy of " Hunt's Book of Bonanzas." The read ing matter must speak for itself but there are two portraits in the book that are worth any money. The first happens to be my own, and'as a fly poison paper this end of the book is' invaluable. The second is one of the most beautiful young ladies ever seen on earth, and if the book sells well, and I can find out where this lovely maiden lives she will probably bo Mrs. Farceur No. 2. Her name is " Miss Cashmere Boquet," it would seem, but, any way, get copies ana judge for yourselves. The usual allowance made to the trade. And now, hav ing puffed my own wares very well to-day I will conclude with a sincere wish for a Happy and Pros-, perous New Year to us all. 