Long Jake's Trip Home. (Continued.) "Poor thing I" said Jake aloud, as the mare dropped into a walk at the foot of the steep winding track over Razorback. " No signs of business, as I could see. Why, the place was never fairly started. Poor thing I" Nearly an hour later, he put the mare into a canter at the top of the long gentle slope that stretched, through miles of timber, right down:to the hut; and then he was thinking of that look of Mrs. Trusscott's when he spoke the word "Home I" "Ay, she'd go home too, fast enough, if she had the money," thought Long Jake. With the quickened stride of the mare, the rider's thoughts, too, came the quicker. At first he made no effort to check them; but presently he found himself spurring on the mare in order to leave them far behind. The grotesquely-twisted gums fled by on either hand, bowing mockingly in the evening breeze as he passed; then the round moon shot up and painted the narrow track an ashy gray, and threw into merciless relief, among a world of phantoms, one solitary mortal flying from a Thought. But the Thought was not to be run away from. It twined its tendrils about the man's mind, and grew and grew until he became hardly conscious of the trees rushing by; the long gray track reeling out beneath, the scent of the eucalyptus forest tingling in his nostrils. Suddenly a peal of harsh grat ing laughter, broke upon the silence. The rider instinctively pulled up. The hoarse, diabolical peal was repeated; but this time it was echoed by a low chuoklefrom Long Jake. He had lived in the bush more years than he could count ; y e, for. familiar, the laughing-jackass I T moment ary sensation, however, had an immediate effect: Long Jake shook himself together and rode slowly and soberly onward. Not that the Thought was expelled; it was allowed to remain, but on a different foot ing; for now it was no longer resisted, but willingly, coolly, discriminately entertained. Before starting on the rounds of his pad docks next morning, Long Jake made a cal culation with the butt-end of his stock-whip on the sandy soil outside the hut door. When the sum was worked out, he stamped out the figures, as if ashamed. But he had merely satisfied himself that in three months' time his gross savings would amount to pretty nearly fifty pounds. "And on that," said Long Jake slowly, " and what the mare brings, we might manage it," The spring months that followed were trying ones to Long Jake. He never went near King-parrot Flat. One or two trips he made over to Wattletown, in order to nego tiate for the sale of the mare with a store. keeper there, which ended in a bargain being struck that the mare should be delivered and paid for by Christmas at the latest; but on these occasions Wattletown observed that the man from Razorback conducted him. self very meanly, and that the little money he did spend was in hard cash. In point of fact he made it his first business to cash a small cheque at the bank on entering the township. Then, of course, there were the inevitable visits to the 'home-station. But only two circumstances happened really to break the monotony of life, which, after years and years of it, became actively un palatable to Long Jake's temperament for the first time. The firstof these was a visit from handsome John Byrne, who slept at, the hut on the way to the home-station, where-so he said-he had business with Mr. Noble; though, in fact-which he omitted to add-he paid Jake the compliment of travelling many miles out of his way in order to see him, °:- e he came straight from the lair of a lyn. - y.d congenial spirit at Wattle. town, and not from the grog-shanty on the Flat. The visitor, however, was too welcome for Long Jake to consider the visit mysteri ous; and as for sinister glances and cunning questions, Jake neither saw the first, nor was he even aware that the second had been put -and answered. The other circumstance is this : one day he found lying in the store an envelope ad dressed to "The Boundary-man on Razor. back." It contained a few lines from Mrs. Truscott, begging Jake to call at her store before his departure for England, provided he should consent to be the bearer of a message and a trifle or two besides. He spelt through the note with difficulty, then laboriously indited a reply and dropped it into the mail-bag. In his note a day in December was mentioned on which he would without fail present himself at Mrs. True. cott's service. After that, with a feeling of satisfaction quite new to him, he enquired for the boss. Mr. Noble, who had already heard with amusement of Jake's projected trip home, was not surprised to bear now that he intended coming in for his cheque about the middle of December. Jake, how ever, promised to stay until a new boundary rider should be sent out to the hut, which, it was in turned promised, should be done a day or two before that on which he wished expressly to leave. As December grew gradually nearer, he grew daily wearier of his daily work. He became restlessly impatient; and his nights were broken by vivid, disturbing dreams. As a rule these dreams bore him back across seas of time and the world to a peaceful little hamlet in Somersetshire. But they invariably ended by the distant and indisa. tinct image of the English village fading before the strong, convincing presentment of King-parrot Flat; or the two places would be fused fantastically together, as is the way with dream-locality. When at length the great day dawned, Jake set out for the station at sunrise, riding the mare, and carrying all his personal be longings in the swag strapped across the saddle. At the station, Jake received-his breakfast and his cheque; _the-latter-the account coming to afew pounds under fifty -being-wrtien for that round sum, thanks to a graceful bonus from the boss. Thus emancipated, Jake rode on to Wattletown with a heart of air, leading a station horse that Noble lent him for the completion of his roundabout journey to King-parrot Flat. At Wattletown, the mare was sold, accord. ing to previous arrangements, for twenty pounds down in cash. The cheque also was cashed-all gold; so that when Jake rode away from that prosperous settlement at four in the afteonoon he had seventy sove reigns in the leather pouch on his belt, which was imprudent, in spite of his modest conviction that not a soul was concerned and therefore, he argued, not a soul could be acituainted-with the movements of so obscure an individual as Long Jake. After an hour's easy riding, Jake was once more on thoroughly familiar ground; for half way between the Flat and his old hut that track was joined by the one from Wattletown. Never had this man's spirits been so high before, never had the sombre tints of the bush seemed so warm and gay in the glinting sunlight. The gray rough track had never bounded so lightly from the heels otf the good old mare; though surely this heavy bony hack was not a patch upon her for speed and lightness. The excitement that had entered his spirits during the last months had given new life and animation to a narrow, silent, well-nigh animal existenc'. He was no longer the thing that repeatedly, for days, lay helpless at Byrne's bar, and returned to the hut he called home without a pang, without a regret, without a hope. And here it was, in these endless cloisters of smooth round trunks, that the Thought had come to him which had worked all this wondrous change-the Thought that was now at last to be put to the test, "-':ather it was wise or unwise; good or ev:I "Hahal Ha, hal" Ah I that could startle him then, but not now I Long Jake turned round in the saddle to look at the queer clumsy bird surely a bird of good omen. But he did not slacken his steady canter. "Ha, ha, ha 1" This time the laugh did not come from behind. Jake turned sharply. Directly in the track sat a tall, motionless, masked figure on horseback ; and a voice that Jake thought he recognised cried: " Bale up I" Bale up I-the seventy sovereigns I Jake'i heart quailed and sickened for a moment. The long barrel of a revolver covered him, and glittered in the sunlight. Must he be robbed in broad daylight ? With a wild cry of rage and despair he buried his spurs in the sides of his heavy mount and dashed straight at the highwayman, leaning forward with his face on the horse's mane. The robber, being less heavily mounted, backed a pace ; and as Long Jake came on unarmed and reckless, took deliberate aim at the chest of the charging horse. A firm quick touch on the reins caused the heavy brute to swerve; and with a loud ring the bullet struck the near stirrup-iron, thence burying itself in the heel of Jake's boot. The frightened animal thundered on; and in an instant they were past, nearly bringing the smaller horse to earth in their rush. A quick succession of shots and an even louder volley of curses filled the air; Long Jake felt a stinging, burning blow between the dhoulder- blades; his brain sickened, and his body reeled in the saddle I Just as the fiery sun began to dip behind the range, Mrs. Truscott heard a furious clatter of hoofs outside. She rose hastily and ran out. So did Martha Byrne, whom the widow had tried in vain to get rid of all the afternoom. Staggering through the ltt!q wicket- ate ws a strange figure all face man ever reeled under. He made his way unsteadily up to the verandah, where he sank down with a deep sobbing sigh; and his head would have fallen back on the boards had not the widow caught his shoul ders and supported him. His breath came thick and short, his eyes seemed closing ; yet his fingers fumbled feebly until they had un fastened a leather pouch from his belt. And then his hands were powerless to lift it. The stricken man looked dumbly up at the woman; he could just raise a trembling pointing hand to her, then drop it signifi. cantly in the pouch. His wan lips moved, and from between them came one faint word : " Home I" Little Martha had for once used her long thin legs to some purpose. After one quick intelligent glance at the pallid face of Long Jake, she had rushed like the wind to her father's shanty ; and now she was returning, almost as swiftly, with a posse of its choice spirits. John Byrne was absent, and mys teriously absent, from the township; but foremost among them was Surgeon-Major Wagstaff, carrying his instrumeni case and a vastly augmented pomposity of bearing; and devoutly hoping that, whoever thefellow was, he weuld live long enough to give him (Wagstaff) a show of getting his hand in once more. Jack Rogers was there too, and Paddy Welch, and one or two others. As they came up to the end of the store they could see right along the raised verandah. With the carmine glare of the setting sun behind them, the two figures seemed of carved ebony, both were so black and so rigid I As one man the little party slackened its pace; Paddy Welch doffed his felt wide awake, and the others did the same; then they moved forward very, very slowly. And Jack Rogers said, just above his breath, but, somehow, more gruffly than he intended to say it: "He's gone home square enough now, boys ; andfor good !" Yet darkness fell over King-parrot Flat, and the boys still lingered outside the widow Truscott's store. For the Surgeon-major said there was still the ghost of a chance; and Surgeon-major was seber and on his mettle, and ought to have known, even if he didn'b. That day week they ran John Byrne to earth in the ranges. They dragged him to the Flat, and .would have lynched him in sight of his own bar, but for one circum stance. The ink was scarcely dry on an official bulletin nailed to the dour of the.now flourishing opposition shanty which set forth that the patient was at last definitely out of dagger. And they found its author, the gallant and skilful Surgeon-major, already gloriously drunk after his week of enforced sobriety by the sick man's bed. So Mr. John Byrne, amateur bushranger, was taken over to Wattletown and handed over, quite nicely, to the police. Tkanks to a woman's nursing, and a Surgeon- major's experience, Long Jake pulled through. Just when the days began to shorten, and camp. ing on Razorback became mean work, the shutters were put up at the new store. A week later, Long Jake's trip home began. But Jack Rogers turned out quite right after all: the trip was confessedly " for good," Nor was it made alone. 