' 'points. A ooBDBBrONDKNT writes the editor, so he telle the Doctor, re the Roma street water trough'. Tan complaint ! that that water trough-- perhaps tho prlueipal water trough in the olty has no water in it. Bow, then, osn it he a water "trough? Ifc ' most bo an air bough. Inn young, man who attempted to_ rob a hank in ' Melbourne soino time ago is now sotry that ho dtd not proceed in a constitutional way. Hn must have known that to try and hypno tise a banker with, a rovolver, isjiko piddling one's autobiography, a dangerous gamo. Hb has been sontenocd to 14 years' imprison ment, and during that tima he will have ample leispreto.rofleot on the difficulty ol robbing a bank, . ezoept iuthe good old way. Tna arcod old way aforesaid ie to fcorome one of the trusted officer of the institution, and then skip suddenly for England or America with tbii assots. Tun- u are many curious inscriptions to be found t.n a close "examination of aomo of the Eohci 1 of Arts books. On i ho flyleaf i of one of them, written in a lady's hand is the following: "God made man. upright, bnt ho— -." -« Hbfb there was a break, as if tho lady had thought tetter of it, and wasn't going torua down mankind after all. Bur the strain was taken up in a bold maaou- linehand, and tho following was added by some, gentlemen, "might have remained so, but Ha oreatcd woman, and she—" Tub man who sees nothing hut a newspaper in a tram when a lady wants a seat has tried' the dodgo of sleeping in ohuroh when the col lection box eomeB round. That rasoal who tried to entrap a young girl, up north is to have six months' reflection in prison. Anyone can see how it happened.' ' Thia- patriotio man said, "The capitalists of this country are going to be hanged. "Somebody must do it ; and why should not an honest man be about when the appointmont is made?" Last night there was a storm of wind. Dr. Points had retired, leaving open his domestio casements. Mrs. Points had Just finished a now edition of the' works oi the famous Mrs. Margaret Candle. And he had yielded himself to a pleasant. . dream abont the silence of the place of rost. "When (hat wind storm burst over hia dwelling there wore accidents ; bet it is un ill wind that blows nowhere. It was a cool thing. M. hb Biowitz, the London Tits corre spondent in Pari', has been recently in London, making avrangements for the publication of au exhaustive work on life in the French capital. He has decided to call it "Paris-Virant," and bopes to issue it in the coining spring. But then Biowitz is such a Biowitz that bis book will be only a sore of httrricane. London shipowners think it best to engage at theebipo and not at the offices the men they require. It is said that thero !b in Adelaide a tendency to settle the strike without reference to out siders. Tins ie rather selfish. Why should Adelaide ho in such a hurry ? In Sydney they are going to appeal to tho generel publio for funds. But why, if uniou lunds are so well replenished;? Tee non-union men have oollared the eolliery at Mount Kembla. It i'b a lonely hut beautiful spot ; and it would take a power of union piokets to reoovec possession. That mine has had an eventful history ; the shrveholders w'ould>he glad to see dividends. She was a hussy. When asked "Why did yoump.sry a men who is 80 years of age?' She arid, " Becaoco I couldn't find one equally rioh who waB 90." Webn a man seeks a wife doea he look for beauty or olevetneaB F . ' Wnnn, either of these will go a long way if he clever or beautiful girl has a little silver. ' In she haB not, a fellow is likely to calculate a good deal—on nothing. That have .again lighted a fire in Smith- field. That' ia the plaoe where they used to burn persona for believing or not believing this orthat. .i , WoNDrn how many persona would burn nowudays for their faith. Eh ? The Merrie England is rather a morry ship at sea, rather more so than aro her passengers. Poets are born— and that's what's the matter, end the rogne said that in nine oa&cs; out of ten the world would bo a. great deal better off if they weren't. Jo&n.SrzBnxNO; is sad to-day. He agreed to hew coal ; and then he would not hew ooal. This haa eoat him £10 and mora ; and henoo Jack's sadness. But if he will not hew he mnsb whew. Thb saddest feature of this sad strike business is that it has disolosed the existence of eo many unemployed men. Thb ad mistrkordiam appeal of Australian, exhausted unioniem to the British unions for a loan will show the folks at homo who con tributed the £37,000 for the dookorB' strike. It oeitainly could not have been oontributed by men who are so quiokly hard up by a etrika of their own. Is it- not time for another "tall talk" mani festo to appear. Dr. Points' joooeo suggestion that the bio graphies of some of the labour leaders might bo. an acquisition to tho now edition of "Men of the Time" exoited Borne wrath in theoirole iu- oluded within the suggestion. Peobadly tho indignant virtuosos who grew white with rage at the suggestion did not know so muoh about the antecedents of some of their co-workers as the Dootor knows. A little tight ia being tbrown: oh the darkened peges of some' of those biographies.' There may be mora revelations yet. Men who are eager to defame others shouldi be sure that their pita glass house ia both, econro and clean. Thb Marine Board will have tteir hands vory full if tho present week's reoord of " grounded- vessels " beoomo on average. Thb list of river pilots must require scrutiny, and greater oare should surely be exeroised in. the examination of wheel bhalna. 1 Tna.Blaok Adder had, a narrow escape air the termination of hor long voyage. Bubnbtt Swamp Bridge affairs oamo np again at Coorparoo Bhlre Gounoil the other night. . That bridge is one of the verdant and vita municipal topioa. It is a sort of divisional board ghost, with a- painful amount ol what is very material. Thb youths who persisted in their indisorimi- nate plundits at Boggo road Hail last night weie pair fully conspicuous. Fobhdly they derived mnoh sitisfaotion at. their success in inducing most of the performora to respond to encoroB. Thbir behaviour during the performnro oould not by anything short of a stretoh of imagination be regarded as evidence of respeot- ability. As ihe law of Aberdeen required It. a oab- driver was prosecuted, convicted, end fined 6s,t. or' three days' imprisonment, for smoking a pipe on his oab, not while driving a farobnt while he was standing on the lookout for one. Bx the munlolpal laws and regulations ot Aberdeen, the smoking of a pipe by. a cab driver io a oriminsl offense. This 1b just beoauuo thoy are ep mighty par ticular abont health regulations. Thoy a'most hate poison. Thb damage dnno by theTaiynan yesterday juet thews wnttt might; happen if a war-janfc were eimilaily to plunge about in thb Brisbane Bivcr. 