SA BTANGE COM·PANIORN. "Dead mon tell no'tolees, :Humph I know better." Never believe such on absurd assertion, madam." It wlas a tall, thin gentleimn, with a glomy countenance, and a hat of the sao. brere etyle, who made this remark to me; and he camer upon ae it the wood path, very moch aethough he had been a ghost. Olf course, it wase not consitent wriththe laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I seorcedy mhpnk that if Ire. Grundy herself should encounter in the woods, between potoolmag. and farmhouse, a gentlemanwitl such wild eyes, and such aterious way of rolling them abont, tlcat see vaould think of anything but neollifyinig Hitc. Certainly I did not. '. - • " Iot once agreed with the stranger, ad walked atlhserflater than befoere. "I traust you are sot afraid of me,o madam," said the stranger, noticilug thi latter fact. "I sincerely trust that. my abrupt address has not alarmed you. I have been so long exiled from sciety that I scarcely know how to address its fair orna melnts. Ihave no card ; no matter. .You're not alarmed, madam 7" I eald I tru not. " Asa I esaw you pass the spot where I lay undaer the trees, madam .it ilruek me that you were exactly the person I desired to coo de in. I consequently hnastccd after you. Perhaps, too, I may Ihave desired to walco you that if you dosireto berid of ax trouble some person, thle very worst way. is. to kill :him. Shut?him up if you ca ;chainhim in d'ome black dcngeon; but don't kill him. If you do, you never can gel rid of liim again \--ever, I assure you; never. You can loch vnd bar a living persono out, but dead ones come to you in your most private rooms, aced stand at your bedside when you wake in the night, sit at your fable, follow you where ever you go." Here he looked over his. shoulder, and I involuntarily looked over mine. "If you're jealous of anyone, madam, don't.kill her, no, no, no.l it's very foolish." "Nothing,"I instantly agreed mith him, "could be more foolish tlhan to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he heldto his kelief, and hoped he would continua to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Scimpkioses... "I am glad that we agree so well," said the stranger. '" Madam, eacuse my want' of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm overthis rough pathway ?" I replied in a voice that sounde'd to my ,nwc ears, like the bleaticg of a very'meok young lamb, that, ikhe pleased, he must en' cause me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. Ho instantly assured me that my word was his law. "Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele gant circles in which I moved," he added; "but since that I've become a recluse. It was a grand mtstake. Yes, yes; I never ehoeld have kiled him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. "You retlire ot onre how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero; " but, yes-I killed him. I was veryfond of her. Her name was Pamela ryeyon, an heiress- that, horwever, was nothing to me. I loted her for herself, and she smiled upoen me until he came;.and he was younger, handsomer, better than I. AeI yes, much better, muceh better. A pat tern youngman. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and I-well, I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat ftrson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me-poor t'amela--bat I was driven away like a dog; and I saw her walking with him, talking withhim. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss her. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it to anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed him. Beg par don. Did I step on your dress ?" Isaid-"Oh! no, not all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. "Yes, yes. In my native town there is a long street well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Road. One evening, just in the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I ivolked a little frehind him. On his little unrger wes a ring--a diamond. I knew he had bouglt it for her, that he woold give it to her that night. I began to hate him as I never hated him before. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if he were dead, he would be out of my way. I ca,:rried in those days a knitfe. I drew it from its hiding place. It sa sharp. If glittered in the light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind him, but I had trodden so softly that he had not heard me. lIe washumming a little tune, the tne of a French love ong. The knife I plinged into his back, and stopped a note in the middle and comnpleted .y_ mistake." The vista of leafy snadow spread long be. fore us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said; "a ver? great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the inoonlight, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped and touched him. How cold he was I On the little finger ofthe hand, that had olnthed a tuft of soft springgrass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed away and left him lying there. No ons would over know that I had killed him. Where do you think I went madam? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been there for two months, but I strode straight past the servant and into the passage. The window was open. There were no lights is the room, but the moon fell across the floor, whiter and brighter than I had ever seen it before. Near the window sat Pamela, but before I could speak, I saw that we were not alone. Someone had entered at the dooe with me, and passed before me now, and sat down beside her. It was the man I had just left dying in Long Ioad. I saw hi:s unny crls, his handsome ace, Ihe ring on 'his little finger. I saw him take the ring og and put it on her finger, and as he turned to do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. I don't know any more about it. I don'tkno what I said. There was a trial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a cooin, rnd live minutes after sitting on a lirohirlbcsi?om. Irvseenrhim ever since, just wlhcnl did not want to see him. For instance, now. Tihers fe comes. Encuse ne for fraying you. I used to he 'called 'olitoe P'atterson in my youth. I know I riloolof scors yeo to your ifoor; but I can't introduce a dead rman with a knife sticking out of ris bacrk yo--to any lady. Adioeu." To my great relief h snatchbed off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed away into tirhe woods again; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my in five minutes I met little Tonmmuy Sinap. kino driving home the cows, and in five minutes more, was sale within the farm house, where I narrated my adventure. SYou've had a tlucky escape," said Mrs. Simnpkins. "I wonder you're alive. That's ithe loony gentleman that lives in the hol low. Hoe nust have getoaway tm the man tilat watches ille. I relieve he did kill a young mean who ut him eout with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only they found he was crazy. He was in as nasylem a long while, but lis folks are rich, and they have ltim kept here now. I believe he's not dangerous, hut he's rather strange." At the tinlo, I considered teim a mild de scription of Mr. l'atterson, and thankehd Heaven that I had escaped violence at the hands ofet my strange companion. SSlave, I have st ty life uon tIe kast,' was the quorotion made by,the orator; hat the printer lut it-" Slave. I have set ary wife epoue tie cash." 