TALK ON 'CHANGE. " Enough for me, as with a swallow!* wings. Lightly to skim the surfaces of things."-The Bar. Magistrates are often erratic in their con duct, and erroneous in their decisions. To err, we know, is human, and magistrates, though sometimes they apparently lose sight of the fact, are human, and therefore that they should make mistakes is not surprising, and on ordinary occasions scarcely calls for comment. But I noticed a case the other day when a country bench fined a hard- work ing, respectable farmer £5. And what for, do you think? What atrocious crime had he committed ? Had he jumped on his mother, assaulted a policeman, or "cheeked" tbeir worships? Nothing ot the sort. He had merely threatened to thoot a look agent. The attention of the Minister of Justice should be called to this matter at once, and the magis trates summarily dismissed. Unless indeed the line was intended by them, as it has just struck me that it probably was, as a punish ment for the farmer for not having carried liia intention into effect. But in that case the fine was too absurdly low. Says my travelling correspondent" I have been to the House of Commons several times, and listened to some good debates. John Morley is the best speaker I have heard, except, perhaps, Gladstone. I was very anxious to hear a debate in the House of Lords. I_ found some difficulty in getting an order, so I determined to follow the popular advice, and ' ask a p'le'eeman.' I went to the policeman on duty, and requested him to tell me when he saw a lord passing. The bobby entered into the fun of the thing, and quickly pointed oat the desired object. I went up and greeted the nobleman, telling him that I was frbm Australia, and that I had a great deBire to get inside the House of Lords. He shook me warmly by the hand, apologised for having to leave me for a few minutes in order to procure the pass, re turned almost immediately, took me in, and remained with me some 10 or 15 minutes, pointing ont all the leading men in the House. He then bade me an j affectionate good-bye, and said that he envied me living in Australia. Who: do yoa think that the noble lord was? The Earl of Aberdeen. He is a thorough man, and has evidently not forgotten the ] welcome that he received in Australia. I heard Salisbury and Granville speak- as speakers they are equal to any men in. the other House. " On the whole the theatres and actors here; are not better than ours in Melbourne, I have been to bear Irving and Miss Terry read ' Macbeth.' I think Irving a perfect fraud and ranter. Miss Terry 1a very good. Irving is not to be compared to Lock Richardson as a reader. " I have been several times'to the Law Conrts, and have seen all the judges hut have not seen one as impressive looking as out Chief Justice, nor one so intellectual in appearance as Mr. Justice. Hodges." My correspondent is evidently deteimined not to be overawed by anything European, whether lord, actor, or judge. " j He wM k jackaroo ot th© LwulMli Hid first job wsb swimming aheep across the river. At sundown the boss Bent him to boil the billy. With the asaiatance of oneot the" men he got the fine started and the billy on. After watching it for some time he returned to the party and addressed the boss. "I beg your pardon, sir ; how will I know when to put thie tea ihT" " When it boils." " How will I know, .when it boils?" "Pat your hand in," replied the boss sweetly, " and you will ascertain when it is hot enough." He did; and now he knowB quite well when a billy is boiling. One lesson was sufficient I He was a Government official down the river, and only just of age. He married a girl ypnnger even than himself, and who had never seen any town larger than a one-horse back-blocks township. He determined to show, his bride something of the world, and took her away on a wedding journey to Sydney. At Bourke they fefein with a reigh bour, who was returning from the metro polis. The latter on reaching home waB asked how the happy pair were getting on. "First-rate," he replied ; " but Jenny was so scared at the sight of the train that they had to blindfold her to get her on board." Which was expressive, even it not literally true. She had been oat to pay some visits. On her return Bhe was met by the housemaid with a lace of terror. " Ob, tna'm !" she gasped, " I'm BO glad that you're come. Oh, master!" " What's the matter ?" " He have locked hisBelf up in the lumber-room, and he's a killin' hisself with charcoal, just the same as they does in Gabriour's novels. I went up soon after he did, and the fumes is comin' out under the door, and I heard him coughin' and chockin' inside like any think." The lady made a rush upstairs, burst into the room, and ionnd, when she could see through the Bulphur-fnmes, her husband heroically disinfecting a newly-purchased Scotch terrier. The housemaid has been re commended to give up Gaboriau, and take to Howella and James as less exciting. Says a correspondent:-" There ia a publi cation, popularly known as the 4 Black List,' which gives the names of persons against whom write have been issued. In a recent number, amongst the debtors, appeared the followingJessie Owner, wife of John Owner and Charles Owner.' The question naturally arises, who is the owner of Jessie? Has Shiels been passing some more acts? Has polygamy been recently legalised; or is it only that Jessie and her brother- in-law Charles have done a bill together and not been able to meet it ?" There are several well-known instances of laconic proposals and acceptances; let me add another authentic one, which might be inserted in a second edition or flow Men Propose. Within the last few days there passed through the G.P.O., Melbourne, two telegrams from tbeeuburbs, marked "urgent," let us hope. Edwin to Angelina-" Will you marry me ?" To which the prompt reply was returned- Angelina to Edwin-"Yes." This was the true electric thrill of love. Says a correspondent:-" One of the candi dates at the recent election denounced pauper immigration in forcible language, using a beautiful, apt, artful, alliterative sentence, that I would not willingly see die, when he asked, ' Shall we introduce here poor persons with the blueh of beggary burn ing beacon-like upon their brows f And yet he was not elected." " I have written a book," she said to her hostees. " Do you think that they will pub lish it for me?" " Yes ; of coarse, dear. They publish any rubbish nowadays." And the hostess wondered why her guest became suddenly so constrained in her demeanour. The latest strike has been that of the book makers. Formerly, there was a danger that the sheep could not be shorn, now the difficulty ia about shearing the public. Let us hope that the heroic effort will not be too prolonged, bat that in November the shearers will turn up as usual, ready to lay " two to one agin anything, bar"--a horse with a ghost of of a show; and quite prepared to skin the lamb, and eat it if need be. A friend takeB an opposite view. He says that, if only the bookmakers would remain permanently on strike, and be joined by the lawyers and members of the Stock Exchange, there would be a chance for the millennium. Says a correspondent:-" I understand that the Trades-hall Council, in delicate allusion to the difficulty on the wharves, have deter mined in future to open their proceedings with a hymn. ' We shall gather by the river.'" AULUS. 