CARDLNAL MANNING. (BY W. T. SrinD, IN "'Ti;r uEVI?W oF SIr.vriw.") SOLIVER CRoI[WELL.. It will probably surprise most people when I say that the firAt conversation I ever haLd with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiolly be cause of the eulogy which he pronounced on thecharacter of Cromwell. I am an Indepeu dent, and the son of anuIndependent. and 1 ami p'oud to belong to a denomlniation whichll can IoIst the Lord Protector as its Hero-Saint. His I iortrait. I:aited on au oak panel of the seven teenth century, looks down upon me from tie walls of rmy new sanctum : and his day of " doable victory and death" (3rd Septemcber) ranks with 30th January as one of the red letter days of muy year. In the course of along lind interesting conversation the name of Oliver was mentioned. I said 1 supposed he was in scant favour with a iomnan Cardinal. " You are mistaken," said ihe; " you are thinking only of Ireland, and whlat he did lhere. I lIut thatentirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, hut as a Moslem. Bllt, looking at him apart fromi that Irish expedi tion, I have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in eqial degree such faith in tire Im perial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the'corn mon people at home." As it is much mnore to me to be in agreement with any. one about' Cromwell than to agree about the dogma- of infallibility, ain Anglican friend, to awhoin I re ieated the iemark, sneered -s ho replied. How: 1 :admiro tile wily Cardinal, and ,how.w eir'he knew his bird." ' :: . "otrsan ' obwi hr.re i s NoT 0. .' Cardinal Manuninig never " its on .side. There are those who "say. tliiit' il dealing with men of his owsi faith he is iiireof tlihe Prince of the'Churchl thai lie isai'ith'tlosed who are of other oinmunionis. Bulit "so fai as I liave seen hii' he has alwiiys been: the same- gefiiial'nil hospitable.:- I, ihave seen. him at all hours between 10 ad an d 10, and never foun.t hii dis turbed bry my intrusion. -Possibly if people called upon him merely for gossip he might be diterent. I liave usually gone on business of one kind or aiother, anid.ihave always found himn most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helliful counsel.' Speaking one day of iis position in England to a visitor from Ronie the Cardinal explained that tle Catholic Church was held in all-honour and: treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture, of tle freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said : "' IM priests are a very de voted body of men, but so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. But," said he, afterwards, " I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond tie equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which was not possessed by anyone else. wha.t a storm there would be? Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. Ho is only sleeping, and atany moment he may wake up.' XOSCOXFORItISTS AND AXNGLCANS. The Cardinal, aslie has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in thle world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the niost important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Canlinal the Nonconformists are nearer tile Catholic Church than the Angli calls ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest are thie Quakers. The Quakers. lie as fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of thle Holy Ghost. "They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to tie individual soul of man; All that they need to learn to come into tle fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Churci of God." He was particu larlytpleased at n.y recognition of the Qurker lioecharucter oi the service of the Cataolic Cich.- 'Tlii mdrnillng Marss'is a Quidkera' meeting plus a genulecting celebrant. whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of W!'ouconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. Ho? quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England re nmarked-" If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the Euglish people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England to pass safely through crises which have overwhelmed other empires." S IIS LOVE FOR CHILIDREix. Unlike most ltoman ecclesiastics. Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in tie ordinary human relations. When he speaks of tle home as the sacred foundation of society, lie differs from the normal priest, who by fe conditions of his calling is homeless and wife less. Cardinal Mauniiig has been married. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as byan abyss from tile lives of other men. His love for children is with lim an abiding pas sion, and it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathybetween himi and Mer. Waugh, tile indefatigable director of the Society for. the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which lias been so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. WM?lih that the Caidiual published 'L The Child of tie English Savaige"-thatý terrible papei'- w-hich first roused the consciends of our people to-their duties to the outcast child.- It was through the Cardinal that: Her Majesty -intimated her in tentionl to become :patro of Mr. Wau"h's society: an;d li the Cardinalr Mri. Wauighhas found fr6m first to lastean energetic rand.inm valrbnilly ihn all hat lie has striven to do for tho benefit of thie childrenof England. . Manh y have been the' sip)ciultiois; as totile figure sliich the Cardinal awill make inr history. Soime hliave iictured. him as the tribuunoof the peoe, others an incipient Hildebrand, others as a sneteenth-century Loyola; "butI prefer to thirrk, of. him as.the ,lovinr-hearted: old i:.i, wvio, when his heert is iiledM with ecstacrvafter a mledittionr peor tho life and Ati, love"of tile Lord,; fols impelled to go forth - among, the cr0ods of childroen plylang ini .the LonionR parks, and silently blerses t n i ltho'inam of Him whovisaid, f" Sufferithom littleu children to coihei unto ' e,- and forbid them not for bf U'eh is thie kingdom of lies-ern." - ' '': Diarisi?the time of the- aifatio i that led-to the passing of the. Crininal LaosAmAendment Act irn 1SS5 the Catilillal viwasiu y most effective ally. He \vas to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unailing helrp in overy time of need. -It rwas lie who suggested thl Mansion-housa Committo. Oa .whirils iubes siirild by his generous and his unstinlted sup port. I remember at an early stage in thie pro ceedings I remarked with a sinile that I miniht fnd myself in gaol before thie work was dide. He remarked-" Well, if so, I will come and see you there." He was inot well enough that dis mal and foggy winteri to come to IIollowvay, nor was there any need, for llie imprisolnment which I had anticipated was of a ver dilifferent kind tothrat which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the swork was done, when no one understood what was aimed at. I mighthave beeni run in and punished as if I had actually cominitted hoe crime I wa;s seek ing to expose. After the Criminlal L \aw Amend mentAct was passed, the subsequent.trial and imprisonment did not count. Theonly purrlose which they served was to immeasurably in. crease tlhe impression produced by thie original revelations. and force one out of :an anon'ymity rvlwhich until then ihad been so strictly gularded tlhat my name was hardly kl:nown to nllyono beyond my family and professional circle. Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever confecrrcd upon me has ever ldone me as much good in every direction as thie nrocess by which it was soughlt to crushne . - But it was a trvyig time whlile it lusted., a.d the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face f a stonrm of obloquy vwhich would linve daunted most men. I look back upon :liat yer with buundlcss gratitude to the in mNmerable friends, most of theml before un nnown, who supported ms with a zeal and en husinsm which I was far frosm deserving. And imong lmy Catholic supporters there was none o staunc:h and true as tihe Cardinal. The lirat ctter which I received in Coldbath Fields rison, which was given me at a time when I vas forbidden to; receivo any letters, was from he Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was rell worth having gone to gaol to receive. " November hI, 1S85. " My Dear Mr. Stead,-' All things work ogethor for good to them that'love God.' You aveserved' Himi with a singleey'e. Andthe rork has beeon done na you wrote on the sen ence. No sentonce can undo it. You quoted ly words in the North. You have now the crown upon your' wok' tlhatis to sit-r:'f errors of jud Ient arid .i literalbreach ofthle law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what has now befallen will work some unforeseen and greater gotd foryoiar consolation.. Whatsoever it ma-y li in my power to do shall he done. May God give you His peace.-Believe me, always yousa very faithfully, HEXLI: E., Card. Archlbp'." Nobly did he fulfil his promise. Never have I appealedto him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind that I did not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. AN IMl'PEIAL ESNGLISIMSAX. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes wao last in London we had some talk concorning those Englishmen -who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, ando were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A trner patriot never breathed English air. During all the years that I have known him there has never been anl 'efort made to strengthen Englaid abroad or to protect iherat home that he has not been in the forefront. Whetherit las been the trengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the develop inent of the volunteers, the cheapening of post age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, yout could ahvays count upon the UCrdinal IIn one respect undoubtedly Iore has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It fami:iarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from liprocl.ialism. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad; you feelit at every turn in the Archbishop's palace. But altihough the Cardinal corresponds every week in Lltin, French, and Italian, lie only tliinks in English. IHe-combines the spirit of'a Palmerston with the' philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and uiinales with l oth a tenderness and patience and kindly, sympathy for the like of which I loolsins-'aih among other men. tSIrE .irAI.LL IN A RED IIAT. :,:Yet his: patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. He is ia Home Bouler to thl heart's core. No man that I know, sist of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Council the Irish bishops seem tostand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex cuses them ons the ground of the oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, which counts the chil dren of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. Wleii Archbishop Walsh was being vehe= montly abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify himself with his Iris'h brotler. For Archbishop Croke he has always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although lie is strong for Home Rule he liha constantly set his face as ea lint against the dis umemberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when-in an evii hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish member. from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter-lall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limited to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of the Curia; but it is an open secret that Cardinal .lanning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past. and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. THE CHIRIISTI?AN SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardiinl IManning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re moval of their temptations-all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot-are cou stantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic michinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms tlhat " a starving m:n has a natural right to his neigh bour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro perty." They must know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of men and women comes from the straits of poverty." There is an admirabl' I articl6 in-the third volunm?.-o his lit toll n nies" which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spiritof Him who came to seek and to save those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches.' His whole life is devoted to the same task. II the dockers' strike-of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory-lhe only did on a wider platform, and in sight and heanring of a larger audience, what lie spends his life in doing on a sonallerscale. 