SELLCTJONS FROM "TRUTH." April 24. It is utterly impossible to conjecture why the Qaeen has made the King of Wiirtem- berg a Knight of the Garter. As all tbe ex penditure connected with his creation, in vestiture, and admission (including the ex- penses incurred by the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince George, and the persons who accom panied them, on going to Stuttgart) will have to be paid by the country (and they will exceed £1,500), the public have a right for information on the subject. King Charles has been on the throne for twenty- six years, so why has the Queen waited un til he is in a deplorable and hopeless state of mental and physical decrepitude to offer him the highest distinction in her gift ? Of late years the King of Wurtembeg has never been heard of except in connection with the shocking scandals which have made him notorious all over the Continent, and mat ters came to such a pass about eighteen months ago that he would have been forced to abdicate if Queen Olga bad not under taken to prevent a repetition of the tronble. Daring the last year King Charles has practically been a prisoner, for his wife and Ministers have been in constant fear of his escaping from Stuttgart, and going off to Paris in search ol amoaomont. tlu> .probable result of any such trip bring some frightful scandal or catastrophe. His Majesty is not allowed to have much money in his posses sion now, but if he once reached Paris he nnnlrl on/in raiM fnnda tiv nellincr f.itlna and decorations. The Emperor William has recently de scribed Frederick the Great as his an cestor," thereby committing the same mis take as did the Queen when she talked to Macanlay of " my ancestor James H.t" and the historian reminded her Majesty that James II. was merely her " predecessor." The Emperor on another occasion has re ferred to Frederick as 41 my relative," a sufficiently absurd manner of describing a man who has been in his grave for more than a century. "Good men's deeds live after them," and if Lord Beaconsfield did few good deeds dur ing his lifetime to live after him, his exist ence bun been so far useful that he enables a number of poor persons to sell primroses on each recurring 19th of April. Competition, however, I was sorry to observe last Satur day, had reduced the cost of a Primrose nosegay to a halfpenny. A sort of sham Primrose button-hole, named — 1 know not why- -by the vendors, "tbe old man him self," et ill, however, commands one penny. I passed by the brazen image of the Saint in Parliament-square. Various 41 Leagues" and Clubs had seat 44 Primrose offerings," some of which were laid at the Saint's feet, but others, which were hung about his neck and arms, made him supremely ridiculous. There were about thirty policemen guarding the offerings from profane touch. I confess that I preferred tbe 44 Jacke-in-the -Green," which in my youth were to be seen everywhere on May 1, to this new cult of the statue of an exceedingly clever adventurer, who appar ently ranks so high in the Tory calendar, because he so thoroughly despised tbe Tory Party that he used it for his own ad vancement. The IForW is quite wrong in stating that Lord Normanby is 44 the first instance of a sacerdotal Marquis in the House of Lords." The late Marquis of Waterford, who eat in the House of Lords for right years, was a clerk in orders, and held one of the best livings in the gift of bis relative, the late Archbishop Beresford of Armagh. I hear that the riparian proprietors of the upper waters of the Spey are complaining uiucny tii iiuts exutttuuve aeuuig which ie regularly carried on by tbe Duke of Rich mond on the Gordon Castle waters. It is alleged that the Duke nets so closely that it is marvellous that salmon are ever able to pass up the river. The Duke owns all the ocfca on 1<« Tff to be ntterly destroyed, it will be necessary for the npper proprietors to endeavour to ar range with him, either to give a longer close time every year, or to remove at least one of his huge nets. It appears from an interesting work on French hunting by the Comte de Contenlx de Cautelen, which has recently been pub lished at Paris, that there are new no fewer than three hundred hunting establishments in France, which regnlarly empby upwards of eleven hundred horses, and more titan six hundred couples of F.ngiish hoards. Mr. W. G. Grace is contributing to a syndicate of provincial papers a series of articles entitled " Forty Years of Cricket.'' Mr. Grace's "forty years "commence about the middle ol the fourteenth centiry 1 Still, some of bis tales are, to say tht least of them, interesting. " Ex uno disce omnes — "George Brown (born at Stongfaton, Sus sex, April 27, 1783) is supposed to have been j the fastest underhand bowler tint ever played. Re was so very fast that two long- stops were needed for him, and nearly all the fieldsmen were placed bdiind the wicket. At Lord's a man once tried to stop the ball with his boat, bnt Brown bowled through it and killed a dpgon the other .side 1 lis was .a dog of some size, top." So must tiubril have been. When the Australians pay the piper, hey very properly thiok that they have a right to call the tone. In other- words, <not bring content with the names given by the Admiralty to the cruisers which are to be maintained in Australian waters at the Colonial Government's expense, they faave induced " My Lords " to alter them in eveiy case. The .consequence is That K.fcL's ships Pandora, Pelorus, Persian, Phoenix, Psyche,' Whiting, ' arid 5Wlzard will henoeforth fie known as' the Katoomba, Mildnra, Wallaroo, Tauranga, Rings roomi, Boomerang, : and Karrahattal Doubtless,' Australian sniwepti- . bilities mil nowBe satisfied ;bntT pity tbe blne-jackris whose fate it will be to belong to ships ttimrchristened. ' Such names ks the Bush-Ranger and Gomtree would have been equally Australian and much easier for Jack's tongue to wrestle with. I have no doubt that, as a rule, the young Men's Christian Associations do very good work, but it must be confessed that some of the membtfs produce a very questionable impression of the Christian young man. For example, at a recent conference at Darling ton, a discussion took place on the attitude of the Associations towards 44 religious efforts " and the recreation and mental and physical development of tbe members. One delegate did not think they were justified " in buying souls with lollipops, by billiard boards, and packs of cards another con sidered they made <s too much of flesh, blood, and bones, and too little of the spirit and a third, a youth from York, 44 protested against the physical school of the Associa tions, saying that St Paul told them that bodily exercise profiteth little ; the soul was more than the body. If a dozen men were filled with the Holy Ghost, they wonld set the town on fire." My opinion of the Young Men's Christian Association would certainly be changed if I thought this silly talk was fairly representative of the influence of such institutions ; butl am thankful to be able to feel that it is not. Though ATiliKa. officers have for some time past been allowed to wear gold lace on their uniforms, like officers -of the line, 44 still they ate not happy "! They now want to be known and described as the 44 Regular " Militia ! and one commanding officer has such faith in the virtue of a name, that he has rushed into mint in a service naner. where he excitedly declares that not only would the nominal concession ask for 44 point ont the Militia's position in the defence of the country," hut that it would also 44 do something to pat it on its legs again, vis dvis the public." From this I gather that at present the Militia is not even on its last legs any longer, and for my part I would call it any name in the world if I thought this would set it on its feet once more. Bat un til it is put on very different footing I donbt if, call it what we may, the Militia wiil cease to be anything but an exceedingly 44 irregu lar " body of men. A complaint reaches me respecting the holding of prayer meetings in the office of the Army Service Carps by the "officer in charge of the barracks " at Leeds. I heartily sympathise with the complaint. The ob jections to such proceedings are obvious. The meetings are necessarily of a sectarian character. As such, the insignificant minority of soldiers who have any religioua propensities will, as likely as not, disap prove of them. On the other hand, the goody-goody officer who conducts the per formance will almost inevitably cast a more favourable eye upon those who attend his ministrations than on those who abstain. The knowledge of this, or the idea that it is likely, wiil induce many of the most worth less characters in the regiment to join in prayer and psalm -singing. The result can not fail to be bad in every way, and the authorities would do well to refuse all countenance to such well-mentioned folly. Captain Dawson " formerly of the 3rd Dragoon Guards, now of the local militia," deserves the thanks of bis countrymen for I having told a few plain truths about the Army at a public dinner at Norwich last week. Here are one or two of these truths : — 44 Recruits for the Army were merely boys instead of healthy men capable of faring all climates and meeting the best of all foes in all climates. Tbe Army was 20,000 short of the establishment. . . . He had been on parade that day with some recruits, and, if they could have seen their physique, they would have said that they were Bickly youths, the Fcum of the nation, who could not get employment in any other way." It is a pity that officers a few degrees higher in author ity have not the courage to speak as plainly. It wonld be well for the Bishop or Norwich to direct his attention towards the condition of the church of St. S within, Norwich, which is stated to be in such a miserable state of dilapidation, through neglect and decay that there is a pool of rain-water within the altar- rails, there bring several holes in the roof, and the large east window has been forced in by the wind and ntterly wrecked. The fact that there should be a church in so grievous a condition in the diocese is most discreditable to the Bishop and Archdeacon ; and the sooner they take steps to abate the ooftndal-ilm buiKi Tbo yrwk ol €t. Svitbig. has been for a long time distracted by bitter quarrels among its heads, and the warfare shows no sign of abatement. 