I Port Jackson Amateur Haimso Club. The second race on the programme of the P. J. A. S. I j Club was sailed on Saturday, the conditions being I all boats mainsail, jib, and topsail, and booming out allowed for prizes valued at th, £3, Cr, and £1. The boats entered, with their handicaps; were as a : follows Craigielea and Mantura, each 24ft scratch; Lottie, 24ft., half-minute; Regina, 24ft., minute; clothes, 24ft., and Atalanta, 22ft., each 3 minutes; Esmeralda, 23ft., 4 minutes; Soyllaand Isadore, eton 24ft.. 6 minutes; Violet, 2211., 6 minutes; The Ghost and Our Today each 24ft., 7 minutes ; Our May 24ft., 2 minutes; and Imogens, 'wait, 12 minutes.' The course being the usual Manly course, which oxtendaTroma flying start at 3.16 p.m. from Hue between the starter's boat and Fort Denison down to and around a mark moored off Manly ; thence round Shark Island and back to tugboat off Fort Denison. The club steamer, as is usual with these races, was well patronised, the fair sex being largely represented, each craft having its share of well-wishers on board, who were not slow to recognise the abilities of the various crewe. Mr. G. Hellings, commodore, was in charge of the race. A good idea in the starting water par with five flags on separate halyards was lasted five minutes before the start, and as each minute elapsed a flag; was] lowered, thus giving the various skippers a better chance of being on the right side of the line when it was time to get away. With a moderate easterly breeze blowing and an ebb tide, the boats were despatched, all crossing on the starboard tack, Lottie, Violet, and Amianta being first away, the others all close together. Our Tom's jibboom getting foul of Eamoralda'a main street, threw her about, both standing down on the port (side. On the work down to Bradley's Head Atalanta, while doing very well, had the misfortune to lose her masthead, the spar breaking short off at the crosstrees. Her chance of again following on was therefore gone. After making things snug she was kept away before the wind, and retired. Cottesloe and Idothea were-North. making their way through the fleet. When clear of the Head the boats were enabled to lay their oaUrao to Manly. Before reaching George's Head Idothea, Montura, Craigielee, and Our May set topsails. Imogene ' also carried this sail but from the start. When off Obelisk Bay, Montura overhauled and passed the Idothea, Lottie in the meantime was steadily increasing her lead, while the Craigielea appeared to have too many hands aboard for the breeze then blowing, which was somewhat lighter than when the boats started. When abreast of Dobroyde the Lottie hoisted a topsail. Thotlmcsroundingthe mark at Manly were as follows: Lottie at 4h. lim. 63t., Montura 48\. 48m. 23s., Idothea Oh. 53m. 45s., Craigielee 4h. 14s. 13s., Reginald. 45m. 23s., Esmeralda. 16m. 6s., Our May and Our Tom at4h. 17m., Imogens 5h. 57m. 6s., The Ghost, Isidore, Scylla, and Violet following in the order named, not timed. Sheet were eased for the lead to Shark Island, Several boats adding topsails, Lottie still extending her lead, while the Ventura got away from the clothes, Craigielee holding her own with the latter boat. Scylla passed both the Isadore and Imogene while off the wind; The-Ghost falling further astern. - From Shark; Island jobs were, boomed out for the run to the finish, which was, passed by the Letts at 66, 2s., Mantuxaat eg, 2? 3... I - 6h. 4in. 45s., Idotnea at 6s. 6d. 21s.. Craigielea oh. 6d. 52s., Regiment Tin, 53s., Esmeralda 5h., am. 16s., Our Tom 5s. 9d. 21s, OnV dayes 10d. 48s, Scylla Oh. Jim. 7s., Isadora of. June. 19., Imogene 5h. 43m. 21 j Violet and The Ghost, Bringing up the rear, Were not timed. Thus the limit beat, Imogene, secures the first prize from Lettie by 9 incomes, which takes the second, Our Tom beating the Our ST for third place by 21 sooner the latter obtaining fourth. The placed boats were carried' by Messrs. B. Brother, C. P. M'Conville, 0. Barrett.- and C. Br»dle>.respeotivoly. Messrs. A. J. Spoor atta T. L. Mulhall carried,! out the duties of umpire and timekeeper satifactorily. 