"IMPERIAL LETTERS." STRAIGHT SPEAKING BY THE QUEENSLAND CHIEF JUSTICE. The Brisbane Telegraph publishes a letter by Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice of Queensland, to a friend on the subject of Imperial federation. The Chief Justice expresses the opinion that any constitutional change in the direction of a closer political union with the mother country would be mischievous, would lead to premature, violent and unfriendly separation, and to much misery. The letter then refers at great length to the terrible poverty existing in England, and says: "Ardent supporters of Imperial federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who hold the wealth of nations must bear its burdens. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers;" and referring to the promoters of the Imperial federation scheme, Lords Rose bery, Carnarvon, and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Justice says :"Instead of directing their ability, energy and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity nnd statesmanship which lies before them at their doors, these gentlemen started in the pursuit of Imperial federation— a phantom with less substance behind it than Pep per's famous ghost. What Australians desire and will maintain is the right to develop their na tional life as they will, unfettered by restriction from abroad, or from any external authority." Referring to the objects of Imperial federation, the writer declares the movement is a purely selfish one in aid of British interests. The Lord Mayor of London, he says, "declared it was be cause he believed the trade and commerce of Great Britain would be largely aided by Imperial federation that he supported the movement. Lord Carrington expects the outcome of our intercolo nial federation to be another support to the old mother country. Cardinal Manning said the maxim of the Roman Empire was, 'Rome never recedes,' and England, too, he hoped, would never recede, but hold that which she had gained by indissoluble bonds." Sir Charles Lilley proceeds : "Then we had in the House of Lords the declara tion by Lord Lamington that the Australian colonies were waiting to receive imperial regi ments with open arms in their cities. Without even the wooden-horse to hide them ! 'Timeo Danaos,' my lord ; the Australians are not quite forgetful of school lessons, or altogether blind. But Cardinal Manning is not the only one who assumes to threaten us. That wild bird of New Zealand finance, Vogel, and the paid agent of the same country, Dillon Bell, recommended England to "declare sternly that these colonies have no right to secede." What responsible English statesman will earn an immortality of folly by sending this message to Australia? The hope of Englishmen is that Australia will help them to coerce India, to hold her in subjection under the pleasant euphemism of the defence of India. A little while ago England, we are told, was to defend Australia. China, France, Germany, were all likely to try to subjugate us — then "England to the Rescue," according to Lord Carrington, with the "last eighteenpence in her treasury " — not a large sacrifice at any time, and not likely to go far in Armstrong guns at £16,000 apiece for the life of the gun with its ammunition, warranted to fire only 95 rounds, and then he was worn out. Listening to the language of those men at home, we may now reasonably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly impoverished, taxridden people of India. Whilst Australia should wisely let the present friendly connection with England exist until we are ready to meet any foe by land or water, it is clear that we must prepare ourselves for any contingency. It is quite likely that the Australians, like the young bears, have all their trouble before them, but they will meet them erect, manfully, independently, fearlessly, and successfully. If England can reconcile Ireland and content India, a bond of brotherhood, a mutual league of safety, might arise as would place the existence of every member of it beyond peril from united hostility of the rest of the world. But what place is India to fill in such a scheme ? Already the whole ver nacular press of that country is described as advocating sedition, and a conference of 2000 In dians has just been held for the avowed purpose of obtaining representative government. The Anglo-Indian "jingoes" reply that "India was won by the sword and must be held by it." No free people can federate except on just and equal terms. Are free Australians to be asked to hold by the sword or to coerce a people "rightly struggling to be free '"? We are not indifferent to the glorious records of our English, Irish, and Scottish fathers. But it must not be forgotten that we insist upon our right to rule ourselves, and to enter the family of nations in our own home as the Australian Com monwealth. What all true Australians wish is that their country may be left to enter into this state of independent life as a nation by historic evolution, not by a violent severance from the mother country. . . . But there might be a violent and bloody rupture by the active employ ment of the boasted sword to sever or hold the union, and whose sword might be keenest and powerful? Let our motto be, then, Independence, peacefully achieved, if it may be, but indepen dence. If Englishtnen are wise, they will be con tent with the present states of their relations with Australia so long as they will last. How long Australians will be content, it is impossible to say. Dependence is not likely to remain long the con dition of a powerful people. It is not probable that Australians will submit to English rights : 1. To hand them over to any foreign Power by whom England may be defeated or even to sell them into foreign domination. 2. To the absolute veto of their legislation. 3. To the disposal of all their domestic and foreign affairs. It is all very well to way that England dare not do these things — they might be essential to save her own exist ence — and a foregn power, by the law of nations, would become our legal ruler. We would pass by conquest or by cession into foreign bondage. We might thus continue, as we are at present by our subjection to England, within the influence of European militarism and needless danger. The pressure of any scheme likely to hamper Aus tralian developments will lead here to measures of self defence : 1. To a strong protective tariff to encourage complete independence of the outer world in case of peril, 2. The instruction, and training of our population to the use of arms. 3. The support and command of our own defensive forces. 