LEGENDS ABOUT TREES, Tbees, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen antiquity, as 'well as of our Christian progenitors relate to trees; while poets in all countries and ages have borrowed from tliem their most brilliant images and comparisons. Some of these varied allusions, gleaned from various quarters, we have here set down, in the belief that they will be interesting to our readers. We begin with the apple-tree, so singularly connected with the iirst transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandinavians, and Druids. The golden fruits of the Hesperides, which it was one of the labours of Hercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by the pagans to be apples. Hercules was worshipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek M(51on, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Edda we are told that the goddess Iduna had thejcare of apples which had the power of \ conferring immortality, and which were I consequently reserved for the gods, who! ate of them when they began to feel themselves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Iduna and her apple-tree and hid them in a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in the world. The gods became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. The Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the earliest age of which we have any record, and Glastonbury was called the apple orchard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Romans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore connected with this tree, some of which are practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Ere, Christmas Eve, and on other festivals of tlie Church, was compounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted apples, which every person partook of, each taking; out an apple with a spoon and then drinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow E'en, and on All Saints' Day, which was formerly Common over all England, is still practised in some parts of Ireland. A kind of hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end and a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind them and trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warwickshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in the same manner; but the lighted candle is omitted, and in the same county children roast apples on a string on Christmas Eve; the first who Can catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and then bobbed for with the mouth. The oak appears early to have been an object of worship among the Celts and ancient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of fire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also worshipped under the semblance of an oak. The Druids professed to maintain perpetual fire, and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred fire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yule log, with which, even so lately as'the middle of last century the Christmas fire in some parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of the following year. The Yule log was always of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule lo£\ Tlie worsnip 01 me uraius -was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cairn was erected on which the Bacred fire was kindled. Before the ceremony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, wlnfch, how\x=req-\ ever^ were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-the-green on May-day, which, according to some, is a relic of Druidism. The well-known chorus of " Hey, deny down," according to Professor Burnet, was a Druidic chant, signifying literally, " In. a circle the oak move around." Criminals were tried under an oak tree, the judge -with the jury being seated under 1(3 shade, and the culprit placed in a circle made by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under an oak; and the celebrated conference between the Saxons and the Britons after the invasion of the former was held under the oaks of Dartmoor. The mistletoe, particularly that which grows on the oak, was held in great veneration by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, the Druids went in solemn procession into the forests, and raised a grass ! altar at the foot of the finest oak, on which I they inscribed the names of those gods | wliicli were considered as the most powerful. After this the chief Druid, clad in a white garment, ascended the tree, and cropped the mistletoe with a consecrated .golden pruning-hook, the other Druids receiving it in a | pure white cloth, which they held beneath the tree. The mistletoe was then dipped in water by the principal Druid, ana distributed among the people, as a preservative against witchcraft and deseasea. If-any part of the plant touched the ground, it was considered to be the omen' of some -dreadful misfortune which was about to fall upon the land. The ceremony was always performed when the moon was six days old, and two white bulls were sacrificed at the conclusion. In Scandinavian mythology, Loke, the evil spirit, is said to have made the arrow with which he wounded Balder (Apollo), the eon of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury from everything which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not restored to the world till by a general effort of the other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In the dark ages a similar belief prevailed; and even to the present day the peasants of Holstein, and some other countries, call the mistletoe the "spectre's wand," from the supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a wan to see ghosts, bat to force them to speak to him. The custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on the restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, ana to prevent it from being again used against her as an instrument of mischief. In the feudal ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung up in the great hall with loud shouts and rejoicing. The holly, like some other evergreens, has long been used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-houses. It appears to have been first made use of for this purpose by the early Christians at Rome, and was probably adopted for decorating the churches at Christmas, because holly was used in the great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period. It was customary among the Romans to send boughs of bolly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with the gifts they presented to their friends at that season; and the holly came thus to be considered as an emblem of peace and goodwill. I The ivy was dedicated by tlie ancients to | Bacchus, whose statues are generally found crowned with a wreath of its leaves, and as: the favourite plant of the god of wine its i praises have been sung by almost all poets, | whether ancient or modern. Many reasons have been given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant. Some poets say that it was because the ivy has the effect of dissipating the fumes of wine; others,; because it was once his favourite youth, Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the Tines, and that it "was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and garlands. The most probable, however, seems to be that the ivy is found at Nyssa, the reputed birthplace of Bacchus, and in no other part of India. The ancient Greek priests presented a wreath of ivy to newly\x=req-\ maTried persons as a symbol of the closeness of the tie which ought to bind _ them together, and Ptolemy Philopater, king of Egypt, ordered all the Jews who would abjure tlieir religion and attacli themselves to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is symbolical of friendship, from the closeness of its adherence to the trees on which it has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with the motto, " I die where I attach myself," and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. The jasmine is no less celebrated for the delicacy of its odour and flowers than for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which prevails in some countries of brides wearing jasmine flowers in their hair, is said to have arisin from the following circum\x=req-\ stance:—A grand duke of Tuscany had, in 1699, a plant of the deliciously-scented jasmine of Goa, which he was so careful of, that he would no suffer it to be propagated. His gardener, however, being in love with a peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave her a sprig of this choice plant on her birthday; and he having taught lier how to make cuttings, she planted the sprig as a memorial of liis affection. It grew rapidly, and every one who saw it, admiring its beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. These the girl supplied from cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain enough of money to enable her to marry her lover. The young girls of Tuscany, in remembrance of this adventure* always deck themselves on their wedding-day with a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a proverb," that she who is wortky to wear a nosegay of jasmine, is as good as a fortune to her husband." The myrtle was an especial favourite among the ancients, by whom it was held sacred to "Venus. The name is said to have been taken from that of Myrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffering love to overpower her wisdom, was changed into a myrtle by lier offended mistress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang from the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of myrtle round her bead. The temples or this goddess were always surrounded by groves of myrtle; and in Greece slie was adored under the name of Myrtilla. Pliny says that the Romans and Sahines, when they were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were the svmbols of authority worn by the Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by those conquerors, during their triumphs, who had gained a victory without bloodshed. The rose has been a favourite subject with the poets in all countries a,nd in all ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth from its freshness and reviving fragrance; and to Cupid as an emblem of fugacity and danger from the fleeting nature of its charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to Harpo\x=req-\ crates, the god of silence, as a bribe to prevent him from betraying the amours of Venus ; hence it was adopted as a symbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason frequently sculptured on the ceilings of firinlnng and feasting rooms as a warning to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to be kept secret was said to be told H under the rose. The Greek poets say that the rose was originally white, but that it was changed to red—according to some, from the blood of Venus, who lacerated her feet with its thorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, and according to others, from the blood of Adonis himself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and its thorns to be the strings of the bees with which the arc of his bow was strung. Another fable relating to the birth of the rose is, that Flora, having found the dead body of one of her favourite nymphs, whose beauty could only he equalled by her virtue, implored the assistance of all the gods and goddesses to aid her in changing it into a flower which all others should acknowledge to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying power of his beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Pomona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem of flowers. A beetle is often represented on antique gems as expiring surrounded by roses, and this is supposed to be an emblem of a man enervated by luxury—the beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell of them will cause its death. Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their feasts, strewed their bauquetiag apartments with its leaves, and their ladies used rosewater as a perfume. Throughout the East it was still more extensively celebrated; the poetical allusions and legends relating to the rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinary volume. That which represents the nightingale as singing for its love, is perhaps the prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. The origin of the fable is thus told in the Language of Flowers:—" In a curious fragment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled Bulbul Nameh—the Book of the Nightin\x=req-\ gale—all the birds appear before Solomon, and charge the nightingale with disturbing their rest, by the broken and plaintive strains which be warbles forth all the night in a sort of phrensy and intoxication. The nightingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted by the wise king, because the bird assures him thathis vehement love for the rose drives him to distraction, and causes him to break forth into those passionate -and touching complaintswhich are laid to his charge.". Thp Persians also assert that " the nijpitingalff in spring flutters round the rose bushes, uttering incessant complaints, till, overpowered by the strong scent, he drops etupified on the ground." The Catholic Church has also added considerably to the legendary history of the rose. A golden rose was considered so honourable a present; that none but crowned heads were thought worthy either to give or to receive it. Roses of this kind were sometimes consecrated by the Popes on Good Friday, and given to such potentates as it was their particular interest or wish to load with favours; the flower itself being an emblem of the mortality of the body, and the gold of which it was composed, of the immortality of the 3oul. The custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome, and the day on which tlie ceremony is performed is called "Dominica in Rosa," Tlie rose was always considered as a mystical emblem of the Catholic Church, and enters into the composition of most of ■ their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol j of beauty and innocence, it was customary, | in seme countries, to award a crown of: roses to the girl who should be oclcnow- j ledged by aU the competitors to be the most I amiable, modest, and dutiful in their native village—a custom which, tall lately, was annually performed in some districts of I France. In the middle ages, the knights at j a tournament wore a rose embroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considered so precious in France, that in several parts of the j country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among the I rights of manors, that their owners were empowered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their : tenants, of so many bushels of roses, which were used not only for making rose-water, but for covering the tables with, instead of napkins. The French parliament had formerly a day of ceremony, called " Baillee | de Roses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to tlie ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring up and gladden all his pathway. In Persia, when a man is convicted of robbery, they put him in a brick tank by the roadside, pour plaster of paris around him till lie is suffocated, and leave him standing there hermetically sealed up as a warning to all who pass that way. 