MARRIED BY A DOOR-KEY. BY MES. M. L. RAYNE, in Detroit Free Press. " Come over to thc church in half an hour, Myra. A couple are to he married then. It may amuse you to eec one of our provincial ceremonies." My grandfather was a rural dean near Petit Codiac, or as they called it in the ver- nacular, pctticoat-and-jackct, and it would bc hard to imagine a simpler life, or one more remote from the fashion which posscth away. The little stone church was old and pictu- resque, and thc people who worshipped there were as quaint and original as if they had stopped out of another century. Whuu I reached thc church thc wedding party had already arrived. It consisted of thc party themselves, as much alone as were Adam and live at their bridal in Eden. They had arrived ou horseback, and the unhitched animals-each saddled over a flowing white sheet, which made them look like equine ghosts in the twilight-were browsing about among thc gravestones, disturbing nothing but tlic long tangled graaa and thc sweet briar roses that grew wild there. I hurried past them into thc vestry, where thc dean was struggling into bis white gown. "You can be my curate for this occasion," he said, as I peeped in at the door. " You will be needed for a witness and bridesmaid, to assist with tile ring." * I walked up thc aiBle of thc little chapel and sat down in one of thc high- hacked pews and tried to see what manner of folk they were who had such queer bridal customs. Not young. And both were hard, of the humblest rust ic type. Tho woman, brown os a gypsy, wore a flowered muslin dress that was coarse and badly made. A string of beads and a white cotton veil were her ornaments. Both wore white colton gloves, and as their hands were immense thc effect was almost grotesque. Their faces expressed bashfulness and a certain rudo disdain of what othcrpcoplc might think. They clutched hands as if they wcro determined that no power on earth should separate them at this crisis. After they had been instructed where to stand, they took their places, thc bride eyeing me with some disfavor os a possible intruder. " Who civerh this woman to bc married to this nulli t At this moment I stepped forward to make that part of thc ceremony complete. "I don't know she," said the bride, edging away, but tho dean paid no attention to her and repeated thc sacred formula for them to follow with bini. " I will now take thc ring," said my grand- father in a low voice. "Reeng!" echoed the groom, "I know nobbut a reeng. Has't any like a reeng, Mathilde!" Thc rafters rung with his " Whoa I Dobbin," tone. "I never thoohto'the like. Happen well ne'er mind scch a lectio thing a' that," said the bride, with a look of genuine terror in her eyes, as if she might lose her gallant at the very altar. "Take off your ring, Myra, we can usc that for tho ceremony," said the deon, who carried out the Church of England ritual to tho letter. Alas, I held up my gloveless hands as des- titute of rings os those of thc bride herself. What was to bc done. Thc dean would not have considered those good people properly married if thc ceremony of the ring were omitted. He glanced down at his own white hands, holding thc sacred book, then he turnod hurriedly to mc. " Go and bring me the key of the church," he said. " What in tho world is he going to do with it 5" I queried to myself, as I obeyed. Taking the large, brass key in his hand, he gave it to thc man, designating the loop at the end of thc handle He then instructed him to slip thc ring over thc bride's finger. I nearly laughed aloud, as I Baw the expression of surprise on the poor thing's face, as thc key dangled on her finger, while thc bride- groom lumbering!}" repeated after thc dean " With this ring, I thee wed," & c. As soon as they were married I restored thc key to thc door and thc groom handed a rude parcel lo my grandfather. "It's thc pay t' weddin," he said briskly. Thc dean thanked him courteously without having an idea as to whut thc parcel might contain. There was a horse block at the door, on which thc bride mounted with her dress tucked up about her. Only one horse with its flapping bridal accoutrements was in sight. " Richard !" screamed thc new wife, " where s my beast ?" Richard had taken off his white gloves and was cantering round among tho gravestones looking for thc " beast." It was soon found, and after we had shaken hands with the two and wished them joy, the queer pair rode off in fine style. When my grandfather opened the parcel he found the soft, silky skins of a dozen musk- rats-a princely fee from such a source. 