THE UPPER YARRA RAILWAY. TO TUE EDITOR OF THE LILYDALE EXPRESS. SIR,—In your report of railway meeting last Saturday your scribe has misinterpreted me thus : " And no railway would be of use Xo Gruyere unless a station were erected at Seville." Great Csesar's Ghost! That you ebould give such nonsense room in your paper. Is it your reporter, or I whom the medical talent of Lilydale will have to hold a consultation over to see if such large ideas will not be the better for confinement in a padded room and a straight- jacket. My remarks were to the effect that I had visited Gruyere,; some of the residents of which place had stated to me they would be satisfied if station accommodation were provided at Seville; adding that the largest area under cultivation, and the most thickly populated portion of Gruyere and Wandin, would be served by a station at Seville. I •recognise the fact that there will be only one Jine through the Wandin district for mauy years, nor will the Government be able to give the inhabitants of Gruyere and Wandin spurs for some time to come, for waut of funds. Under the. circumstances the proposed line should seels: to serve the greatest number—a policy which Mr Gillies is very fond of calling out, but seldom follows in railway matters—and not the few patriotic wire pullers who have taken advantage of the roads and settlement made by the toilers, to invest in land for speculation and other purposes. I have no hesitation iu saying the proposed route is the worst practicable one that could have been adopted, aud by far the most expensive. There are those who best know why it was chosen" As for our member, though I am an old sunporter, I cannot help fcayiug, neutral or not neutral, if he had the interests of the colony and Ins constituency in particular at heart tins monstrous proposal would never have come before the IIou^—I auij , , , . . J. A. KAY. K Lilydale, Sth August. , [Notonly ofcr reporter but seveial eentlegen who attended the meeting heard Mr Kay distinctly state that no railway would beof use to Gruyere unless a station was erected at Senile, and-we-leave oar teadera to judge^hich fe tjw^tfer man ol tbTu, toundergoamedical examination !^E».L.E.l 