«f. SUNLIGHT AQD HEALTH, fr BY H. REYNOLDS, M. D. Sunlight is about as essential to the healthful condition of human beings as it is to the growth and health of plants. Plants kept away from the sunlight soon become sickly looking. Everyone has noticed the pale and sickly appearance of potato-sprouts that have grown in the cellar away from the Ught. These sprouts brought into the sunlight soon begin to gain a better color, and after a time are transformed into healthful-looking potato vines. In like manner sunlight seems to be essential to the perfect assimilation and nutrition of the human system. An exposure to sunlight is necessary to insure the healthy performance of the functions of the skin and other organs in order that the highest state of health may be attained. Persons who live much in the dark present an unhealthy appearance. Children kept much of the time out of the sunlight are not only pale and sickly, but are imperfectly developed, and more subject to deformities. Many people shut themselves away from the sunlight, necessarily or unnecessarily, to such an extent that their health suffers serious impairment. Living in tenements which are on the shady side of buildings, so that the direct rays of the sun never enter, causes impairment of the health sooner or later of those inmates who remain in doors most of the time. Those who stay in places where not only the direct rays of the sun do not enter, but also the light itself is cut off, suffer still more seriously. Sunlight being indispensable to the preser vation of the health, it is none the less indispensable to the sick in order to regain their health. Exclusion of sunlight from the sick-room, unless it is imperatively necessary, p?H. is very unwise. The sick-room should always be so located that the sun will shine into it as many hours daily as possible. A good illustration of the injurious effects on the sick of deprivation of sunlight is given by Dr Hammond in his treatise on hygiene. He says: "I shall never forget the appearance presented by the sick of a regiment I inspected in Western Virginia. They were crowded into a small room, from which the light was shut out by blinds of India-rubber cloth. Pale and exsanguined, ghost-like looking forms, they scarcely seemed mortal. Convalescence was almost impossible, and doubtless many of them had they known the simplest laws of nature would have recovered." In convalescence from almost all diseases sunlight acts, unless too intense or too long continued, as a most healthful stimulus both to the nervous and physical systems. The evil effects of keeping such invalids in obscurity are frequently very decidedly shown, and cannot be too carefully ' guarded against by the physician. The delirium and weakness, which are by no means seldom met with in convalescents kept in dark ness, disappear like magic when the rays of the sun are allowed to enter the chamber. I think I have noticed that wounds heal with greater rapidity when light is allowed to reach them than when they are kept continually covered. Enough instances of the beneficial effects of sun-light have been given, it is hoped, to induce people to open their blinds and let the light into their houses ; even if it does fade the carpets, it will brighten the cheeks of the inmates and gladden their hearts. ..--> <_. THE strike of the match girls at Christian a has ended in the masters conceding some Ç>ints, though not the advance in wages, he chief gain to the girls appears to be the indirect one of an improved position in the public esteem, and greater public attention to their condition. FOE really Ohoice Jewellery, DAHMS and Go., King street Arcade. Mrs. Oscar Wilde, Mrs. Alma Tadema, and fceveral titled ladies in London have organized an association, whose business it is to supply taste ful and well- made outfits for children and young giris, and to furnish regular employment to gentlewoman of narrow means, who do all the needle-work. Tbe formation of trade unions amongst womer» continues to make great progress in England 