Dead Men's Dreams. The appropriately colored slate green volume which semi-annually chronicles the proceedings of the " Society for Research," seldom contains matter which the average reader can swallow. Now and again, however, one does come across an article which deserves notice, inis is me case with 50 pages in the current half yearly issue, by Mr. F. W. Myers. They are entitled " On recognised apparitions occurring more than a year after death," and they consist of a collection of well-authenticated ghost stories, upon which Mr. Myers baseB a theory that ap- paritiotib are iu reality the dreams of dead men, and can be explained scientifically by the an alogy of telepathy. what is a ghost? Mr. Myers dismisses as unscientific the popu lar conception of a ghost as a dead person per mitted to communicate with the living. His de finition of a ghost is that it is a manifestation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the force or energy which tbe man generated while lie was still alive, which clings to tbe locality in which be spent bis existence. He argues plausibly that the best key of tbe laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be suggested by studying the laws which govern the manifestation of spirits while iu the fleBh. " Two such laws I believe to exist. In the first place I believe that telepa- il,y — the transference of thought through other than sensory channels— exists both as between embodied spirits, and as between embodied and disembodied spirits, I bold that apparitions after death result from the continued exercise of the same energy by tbe spirits of the departed. And in the second place I regard it as analogic ally probable that ghosts' must therefore as a rule represent not conscious or central currents of intelligence, but mere automatic projections from consciousness which have their centres elsewhere." a dead man dreaming of his skeleton. This is somewhat obscure, but it is better il lustrated by tbe extraordinary story of the well- authenticated discovery of a skeleton by revela tion in a dream. " A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Scotch furirihouse. His body is carried out and hastily buried in the open field. For forty years the murdered mail returns some con aciousness of this tragedy. He broods over the fact of his death iu that room, bis interment in that stony hillock. At last the bedroom iB occupied by a man sensitive to tbe peculiar in fluence which (on our hypothesis) these brood- ingB of deceased persons diffuse. The dream of the dead passes into the dream of the living ; it persists in 's mind with the same intensity as in the murdered man's own imagination. The purpose once achieved— the discovery made — the obsession ceases. And at any rate this conception of a dead man's dream — of a pro bably unconscious gravitation of some fraction of bis disembodied entity towards bis old asso ciations — a flowing of some backwater of Iiib being's current into channels familiar long ago — will serve to supply a fairly coherent conception of the meaning of those vague hauntings into which, as we have seen, our narratives of re cognised post mortem apparitions imperceptibly glide." the analogy of the electric light. This story of a dead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard ever invented. It is somewhat difficult to translate tbe conception into language which can be understood by those not familiar with tbe technical phraseology of psychical researchers. But if we might make a bold effort we should say tbat it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether and pass totally into a different state of being. A certain shadowy semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when tbe dead man elsewhere dreams of bis old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occa&ionally; becomes visible to tbe eyes of mortals as the slender filament of tbe in- candesceut lamps becomes luminous when tbe electricity is turned on. some authentic ghosts. Of this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One Btory is told by an American commercial traveller, which describes bow bis sister appeared to him, nine years after death, at noonday. The peculiarity of this ghost was that the brother saw upon bis sister's face a red scratch which he had never seen dur ing her lifetime. He hastened home and told tbe story to bis parents. His mother was at once thrown into a state of profound consterna tion, and confessed while laying out the corpse she had inadvertently scratched its face and had bidden tbe face from every human being until the apparition of her daughter's ghost bearing the scratch 011 her cheek compelled her to con fess what had happened. Another story tells bow an old Lady Carnarvon, who died in 1826, appeared in her house at Pet worth some 11 years later, a very curious story is told, 111 Dale Owen's Footfalls, of a washerwoman's ghost who persistently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest who would pay 3s 10<1 which she owed to someone not men tioned. Following up this clue, it was found that she actually did owe 3s 10d to a grocer. The sum was paid, and the hauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately as 1867, in tbe Chateau de Pragins, near Nyon, in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these cases tbe appari tion is due to something like the working out of a post-hypnotic suggestion. why g hosts haunt places. " Thus we may conceive a murdered man, for instance, as feeling persistently that he ought not to have been murdered, that bis exis tence should still be continuing in his earthly heme. And if his apparition is seen in that home we need not say that be is ' condemned to walk there,' but rather that his memory or his dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a sense lie feels that be still belongs. I say ' 1) is memory or hie dream but it is of course possible tbat neither word may suggest a close parallel to what actually occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the personality — so much more fr&ctionable; even during our earthly life than were wont to imagine — should be susceptible, when liberated from tbe body, of still profouudcr divisions. For the present, however, it seems better to keep to more fami liar analogies and to use the word ' dream' as the widest term available ; though, of course, without assuming that tbe decedent is iu any sense asleep." It is evident that Mr. Myers iB rigiit we shall have to reconstruct the whole of our theory or personality. Water lias been struck in a bore at Saltern Creek Queensland, at a depth of 1900 feet. The estimated flow is 300.000 callous ner dnv. The Atlas Company of Engineer, Melbourne, have just completed a large dinmond drill for the Queensland Government, Tbe drill is capa ble of boring to a depth of 3000ft or more. G. Matthews, aged 18, son of Tliomna Mat thews, of Adelong Creek, was out with other lads shooting birds, when his gun caught getting through a fence, and be waB shot dead. I-Iolloway's Ointment and Pills.— Diseases of tbe Bowels. — A remedy, which lias been tested and proved in a thousand different ways, capable of eradicating poisonous taints from ulcers and healing tliern up, merits a trial of its capacity for extracting the internal corruption from the bowels. On rubbing Holloway's Ointment repeatedly on the abdoinenr rash appears, and as it thickens the alvine irritabi lity subsides. Acting as a derivative , this oint ment draws to the surface, releases the tender intestines from all acrid matters, and prevents inflammation, dysentry, and piles, which blister ing was the old-fashroned, though successful : treatment,, now from its painfulness fallen into disuse, tbe discovery of this Ointment having proclaimed a remedy possessing equally derives tive, .yet perfectly painless,. powers, 