" VY YOU VIRE OT ME?" Alln Oea Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVIII. IS SHE TUE "SHARKS " Ir was not to prove a gale, though it would have been hard to guess what lay behind that dirty jumble of white and livid terraces which had been stealthily creeping all the morning zenithwards. The clouds scattered to the rush of the wind, the sun with a brightened disk leapt from one flying vaporous edge to another, dazzling out the snows of the dissolving seas till the eye reeled from the glare of the brilliant foam and the sharp and lovely sparkle of the pure dark blue between. Indeed, before long the wind steadied down into a noble sailing breeze with a piebald sky of warmns and cheerful weather steadily swinging into the south east, as though the whole heaven revolved from one quarter to another like a pano rama on a cylinder. Wilfrid looked his wishes, but said nothing. He hung apart in a fashion that was the same as telling me to keep off, nor had he anything to say to Miss Jennings. Finn easily inter preting his master's face, piled cloths on the yacht till it seemed as though another rag would blow the whole lofty white fabric of canvas, tapering spia', and rig ging clean over the bows. We fled along in thunder, and to every curtsy of the vessel's head the water recoiled in a roar of spume as far as the jibboonm end, to speed aft as fast, you would have thought, as the eye could follow it, the swell wash ing to the counter as if to help her. We held on in this way for some time, when suddenly Wilfrid, who had come to a stand at the weather rail anld was looking ahead, bawled with the note of a shriek in his voice, "Look !" and out sprang his long arm pointing directly on a line with our bowsprit. "Ay, there she is, sure enough !" cried I, as I caught sight, to a floating lift of the deck at that moment, of the pearlish gleam of canvas of a milky brilliance slanting past the soft whiteness of a head of sea against the marble look of the sky there, where the sun-touched clouds were going down to the ocean edge in a crowd with a vein of violet here and there amongst them. I glanced at Wilfrid, not knowing what sort of mood this first glimpse of thil yacht would put into him, but there was no alteration of face. His countenance had set into an iron hard ex pression; methought resolution could never show more grimly stubborn. Miss Jennings came to the side to look. "There is little to be seen as yet," said I to her, "but we shall be heavinig her hull up very soon. She is taking it quietly." Finn stood near; I took his glass from himnt and levelled it. "Why, 'tis merely mlblinjg with her, captain," said I ; "gaff topsails down and no hint of squaresail that I can make out. The cloud we are making astern should puzzle her. D'ye think Captain Fidler will recognise this vessel 1" "W\\\y, yes, sir; bound to it," he an swered; "we aren't like the Shark, you nsow; our figure-head alone is as good as maing us. Then our sheer of bow 'ud sarve like a sign-post to Fidler. Back tlis hy "our square rig and he'd have to hi fallen dark to mistake," meaninfg by dark, blind. "ls the Sharlk to be as easily recog uised i" asked Miss Jennings, who stood dose by me, occasionally laying her hand Inon my arm to steady herself and put tug the other to her lips to speak, for the Ireeze rang with a scream in it at times ever the rail in a manner to sweep the lords out of her mouth as though her syllables were the smoke of a cigarette. Finn shook his long hlead "Lay me close aboard, miss," said he, :'and I'll tell you the Shark from another. craft; but there's nothen distinct about her as there is with us. She's black with out gilt like a great many others, of a slaving pattern, long, low, without spring forrads or aft, with apple sides like others again. But," said he after a pause, during which he had taken a look through his telescope at the glistening fragment hover ing like a butterfly over tihe bow, "though I don't want to say too much, sir, I'd be willing to lay down a good bit of money 'n tile chance of yonder chap proving the 'Shak. Time, place, all Earcumstannces point her out." "True," said I; "but there are many klrooncls afloat." "Ay, sir; but such a coincidence as that, your honour," said he pointing, sits to far on the wenge of what's likely to fit it to sarve as part of a snail's reckonings." "I agree with Captain Finn," said Miss aura ; "besides, I feel here that it is tile vessel we are pursuing." She laid her Ihand ulon her bosom and turned to cross the deck where her chair was. I assisted her to her seat with a peep sut of the corner of miy eyes at Wilfrid, but there was no encouragement in his .'ce; so, posting myself forward of the Ccnlpaion for the shelter of it, I lighted a cigar and puflfed away in silence till the ncheon bell rang. Wilfrid did not come totable. When I returned on deck after ering nearly an hour below, partly Mit. tle wish t. put some heart into Ianss Jennings, who was pitifully dejected and nervous, and partly because 1 had had aIing spell in thie open air and guessed thnt for somne time yet there would be ittle enough of the schooner showing to t worith looking at-I say when I re m.mrncd I found my cousin at thIe rail with is 'mnus tiglhtly clasped on his breast 55oiing fixedly ahead, with a face grim, indeed, with the scowling contraction of he erows, beut as collected in the deter l?,ied severity of it as can be imagined. Sfact, thie sight of the schooner ahead had gathered all his faculties and wander ing fancies and imaginations into a bunch, so to speak, and his mind as you saw it in his eyes, in the set of his lips, in the resolved and contained posture of his body, was as steady as that of the sanest man aboard us. It was without wonder, however, that I perceived we had risen the yacht to the line of her rail, when I noticed that she still kept under short canvas whilst the Bride was bursting through the surges to the impulse now even of the lower studdingsail. 1 took Finn's glass from himi and made out a very handsome schooner, loftily sparred with an immense head to her mainsail, the booms of which hung far over her quarter, whilst she swang in graceful floating leapings from hollow to ridge with the round of her stern lifting black and flashing off each melting brow that under ran.her. We had, indeed, come up with her hand over hand, but then it would be almost the worst point of sailing for a fore-and-aft vessel, whilst we were carry ing in our square rig alone pretty nearly the same surface of canvas that she had abroad. She was too far off as yet, even with the aid of the glass, to distinguish her people. " What do you think, Finn, nowe?" said I, turning to hlim. He stood close beside me with his long face working with anxiety, and straining his sight till I thought lihe would shoot his eyes out of their sockets. "If she ain't the Shark," said lie, "'she's the Flyting Dutchsman. Ilhad but one doubt. Yonder craft's boats are white, and my notion, but I couldn't swear to him, was that the Shark's boats were blue. i've been forrards amongst the imen, a few of whom are acquainted with Lord Winterton's yacht, and one of 'em says her boats was blue, whilst tl'others are willing to bet their lives that they are white." " But the cut of her as she shows yonder proves her the Shark, you think ?" "I do, sir," he answered emphatically. "Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, "after this hang me if I don't burn my book and agree with your mate, old Jacob Crimp, to believe in ghosts." I levelled the glass again and uttered an exclamation as I got the lenses to bear upon her. "By thunder, Finn ! yes, they look to have the scent of us now. See ! there goes her gaff topsail ! Wilfrid caught my words. "What are they doing ? " lie roared, bursting out in a mad way from his rapt iron-like silence, "nmaking sail, d'ye say?" and he came running up to us with an odd thrusting forward of his head as though straining to deleternine what was scarce more than a blur to his short sight. He snatched the glass from my hand. "Yes," he shouted, "and there goes her squaresail. By every saint, Finn, there's an end of my doubts," and he closed the glass with a ringing of the tubes as he telescoped them that would have made you think the thing was in pieces in his hands. "Shall I signal her to heave to, your honour ?" exclaimed Finn, speaking with a doubtful eye as if measuring the dis tance. " Ay, at once," cried Wilfrid, "but " lie cast a look at the g?ff end-" she'll not see your colours there," pointing velie mently. "I'll run 'em up at the fore, Sir Wil frid ; they'll blow out plain there with the t'gallant halliards let go." "Do as you will, only you must make her know my meaning," cried my cousin, and lihe went with an impetuous stride right aft and resumed his former sentinel posture. Miss Jennings came timidly up to me. "She is the Shark, then? " she said in a low voice. "All who know her are agreed, Finn says, saving here and there a doubt about the colour of her boats," I answered. She had a sailor's eye for sea effects, and instantly noticed that the schooner ahead had broadened her show of canvas. "Do they suspect who we are?" she exclaimed, talking as though she were musing. " No doubt the Bride is recognised, and they will run away if they can. She looked at Wilfrid. "I do not like to speak to him," she exclaimed. "He's killing Hope-Kennedy over and over again," said I; "his wife is before him, too, and lie is haranguing her. Bless us, what a wonderful thing human inmagi nation is ! " Up went the signal flags forward in a string of balls, a man tugged, the bunting broke and streamed out in its variety of lustrous colours, every flag stiff as a sheet of horn handpainted, with the light of the sky past it showing through. I caught myself breathing short and hard whilst waiting for what was to follow this sum nons to the running craft. We had been :rushing through it after her with the speed of a steamer, and, supposing her indeed to be the Shark, had literally veri led Wilfrid's boast that the Bride could ;ail two feet to her one. But now that he had broadened her wings there was a hreat of considerable tediousness in the lase. "Do you suppose they have made out what yacht we are?" I asked Finn. "Likely as not, sir. I shall think so or sartin if they don't shorten sail on :ading thatbunting up there. A stranger ud be willing enough to speak us. Yhy not ? 'Tis understandable that Fid er should have kept his rags small in the ace of the muck that was crawling in the aor'rad this morning. He's got nothen to :hase, and was always a carefuld man, so 've heard, and I tell ye, sir," said he in a ubdued way, speaking withl his eyes fixed an Miss Jennings, who stood close with a lhite face, "that the sight of his easy nvas is almost the same to me as seeing If her ladyship a sitting there," levelling is hairy finger at the yacht, "for, fond a she was of the water, let anything of a ,reeze come and she was'always for having I ir Wilfrid reduce sail." Be put tfle glass to his eye as he spoke. "Hillo I " he exclaimed in an instant, "they're hoisting a colour. There it goes-there it blows. Oh my precious eyes ! What is it? what is it?" he rumbled, talking to himself and working into the glass as though he would drive an eye clean through it. "Why, Mr. Monson," he bawled, " I'm Field Marshal the Duke o' Wellington, sir, if she han't hoisted Dutch colours." I snatched the glass from his hand, and sure enough made out the Batavian hori zontal tri-colour streaming from the peak signal halliards like a fragment of rainbow against the lustrous curve of the main sail. " Wilfrid," I shouted, addressing him as lie stood right aft, Miss Laura and I and the skipper being groupeda little for ward of the main rigging, " they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander, not the Shark!" and I fetched something like a breath of relief, for it was a condition of suspense that you wanted to see and end to one fashion or another as quickly as possible. He approached us slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and after a steady inspection turned to Finn. "She's the Shark," lie said, with a fierce snap in his manner that was like letting fly a pistol at the skipper. "Your honour thinks sol " "Don't you ?" "Them Dutch colours, Sir Wilfrid-" "A device, a trick ! What could con firm one's suspicion more than yonder display of a foreign ensign ? She's the Shark, I tell you, and that colour's a stratagem. What do you say, Charles ?" "I'm blest if Z know what to think," said I. "If she's the Shark, why has she taken itso leisurely, only just now setting her squaresail and gaff topsail though we have been in sight for a long time, crowd ing down upon her under a press that should awhile since have excited their sus picions? No need for them to hoist Dutch colours. If Fidler thinks lihe is chased, why don't lie haul his wind instead of keeping that fore-and-aft concern almnost dead before it, as if he didn't know on which side to carry his main boonm ?" "She's the Shark !" thundered Wilfrid, "the flag she is flying is a lie. Finn," he cried in a voice so savagely imperious, so confoundedly menacing, that I saw Miss Laura shrink, whilst the poor skipper gave a hop as though he had touched something red-hot; "are we overhauling that vessel ! " "Yes, Sir Wilfrid." "How long will it take us to come within gunshot of her?" Finn scratched the back of his head. " Mr. Monson, sir," said lie, addressing me, "that gun 'ull throw about three quarters of a mnile, I allow." " Call it a mile," said I. My cousin, with his nostrils distended to the widest, his respiration hysteric, his wdiole body on the move, and with that raised look in his face I have formerly described, stared at Finn as though lihe would slay him with his gaze. The skip per scratched the back of his head again. "Well, your honour, if yon schooner holds as shle is and this here breeze don't take off, we ought to be within gunshot," here lie produced a silver watch of the size and shape of an apple, "in three hours' time, making it about half-past five." "How far is she distant now ?" "Betwixt three and four mile, Sir Wilfrid." "Get your gun ready." "A blank shot, your honour ?" " A blank devil and be damned to you. Load with ball. Who's your gunner ?" "We shall have to manage amongst us, Sir Wilfrid," turning a face of alarm upon me. I was about to remonstrate, but there was an expression in the eye that my cousin bent on me at that instant that caused me to take Miss Jennings' hand as an invitation to her to cross the deck and walk. "Charles," said lie, "you told me that you knew something about gunnery. Will you handle that weapon yonder for me?" "Wilf, it is madness," said I. What! plump a shot into a craft that may not be the vessel you want! or, which in nmy opinion is just as bad, fire atwith a chance of sinking a yacht with a lady aboard that lady your wife-the woman whom you have embarked on this extraordinary adventure to rescue?" My blood rose with my words. I dared not trust myself to reason with himhn. I crossed the deck with Miss Laura, and when we faced round I spied Wilfrid marching forwards with Finn, and pre sently he was by the side of the gun gesticulating vehemently to a body of seamen who had collected round the piece. Our signals were kept flying at the fore, whilstwith the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast at the schooner's peak. Onwards she held her course, swarming steadily forward in long gliding curtsyings over each frothing surge that chased her, a most shapely and beau tiful figure with a long flash of her low black wet side coming off the line of foam like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on high soared the stretches of her sails with some thing of the airiness of a dragon-fly's wing in the milk- white softness of their spaces against the cloudy distance beyond. The tinie passed, Wilfrid remained forward. He stobd upon one of the anchors swaying with folded arms to the movement of the yacht, stiff as a hlandspike, hIis face fixedly directed at the schooner ahead. The sailors hung about, chewing hard, spitting much, saying things to one another past the hairy backs of their hands; here and there a wlhiskered face lookihg stupid with a sort of dull wonder that was like an inane smnile; but the fact is, from Cutbill down to the youngest hand all the seamen were puzzled, excited and uneasy. The state of mny cousin's mind showed plainly to the least penetrating of those nautical eyes. No man amongst them could imagine what wild directions would be delivered, and though I made no doubt the gun would be let fly when the order to fire was given, I was pretty sure that should it come to a command to board the schooner by force the men would decline. Sometimes Finn was forward, fluttering near Wilfrid, sometimes aft, restlessly inspecting the compass or going feverishly to the side and looking over, when again and again I would hear him say in a voice as harsh as the sound of a carpenter's plane: "Glory, glory! blow, my sweet breeze, blow I" manifestly unconscious that he spoke aloud, but evidently obtain ing some ease of mind from the ejacula tion. The sun went floating down westwards, the breeze shifted a point or two towards him and then slackened, though it con tinued to blow a fine sailing wind with a regular sea that had long before lost the early snappish and worrying hurl put into it by the first of the dark blast. Slowly we had been gaining upon the chase; minute after minute I had been expecting to see her put her helm down, flatten her sheets, and go staggering away into the reddening waters weltering and washing to the sky under the descending sun, on what she might know to be some best point of sailing. She kept hersquaresailspread and the Dutch flag hoisted, and swung stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing of our signals, which still continued to fly. Through Finn's glass I could dis tinguish the figures of a few seamen forward and a couple of men pacing tihe weather-side of the quarterdeck. Now and again a head would show at the rail as though watching us, but the suggestion I seemed to find in the general posture and air aboard the vessel was that of in difference, as though, in fact, we had long ago exhausted curiosity, and had been quitted as a spectacle for inboard jobs and the routine of such life as was led there. Is she the Shark?" I said to Finn. "If she isn't," said he, "my eyes ain't mates, sir. It is but a question of the colour of the quarter-boats." "I see no name on the counter." "No, sir, the Shark has no name painted on her." "She's steered bya wheel," said I. "So is the Shark, sir." "What do the men forward who know the Shark think now?" I asked. "Two of 'em say that it ain't her; the rest that it is. But ne'er a man aboard las that knowledge of her that 'ud give him conscience enough to take an oath upon it. Glory, glory, there she walks! By the piper that played afore Moses in the woods, your honour, 'twill be the fairest sunrise that ever I see that lights up the end of this dammed mess, begging your pardon, Mr. Monson, and yours, miss, I'm sure. Fact is, I feel all of a work inside me, like a brig's boom in a calm." "I am unable to hold the glass steady," said Miss Laura. "Mr. Muonson, I see no signs of a lady on board. Do you, Captain Finn?" "Not so much as the twinkle of a hinch of petticoat, miss; but if her ladyship's there, of course she'd keep below." "You know Captain Fidler," said I. " Very well, sir." "There are two figures walking that quarter-deck. Is one of them he ?" "It's too fur off, sir. I've been look ing and looking, but it's too fur off, I say, sir. Mind ! " he suddenly roared, "they're a-going to fire," and he rolled hurriedly forwards. A moment or two after, crash ! went the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock upon the ear, and the smoke blew away over the lee-bow as red with tihe tinctur ing of the sun as a veil of vapour at the edge of the crimson moon. Miss Jen nings shrieked. A long yearning gush of sea catching the Bride fair on the quarter swung her for a breath or two so as to hide the schooner, then to her next yaw with Wilfrid still on the anchor bending forward in impetuous headlong pose and two or three sailors handling the gun and a crowd of men in the head staring their hardest, the chase swept into view afresh. " Hal" I shouted, "she's heaving to." "Oh, Mr. Monson ! " cried Miss Jen nings, clasping her hands. Instantly Finn fell to thundering out orders. " In stun'sails ! clew up the t'garnsail I down squares'l; down gaff tops'l !" Twenty such directions vol leyed from him; in a trice the decks of tihe Bride were as busy as an anthill; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled down; the strains of Cutbill's whistle shrilled high above the voices of the men, and a true ocean meaning came rolling into the commotion and clamour from the yeasty seething over the side, the singing of the wind past the ear, and the frisky motions of the yacht as she brought the sea on her bow heading, to Finn's yell to the man at the helm, to range to windward of the schooner that was now fast coming round with her squaresail descending, her main tack hoisting and her topsail withering with her head to the west. Distance is mightily deceptive at sea. How far off the schooner was when they let drive at her from our forecastle I could not say. She was probably out of range; at all events, she showed no damage as she camne rounding to, away down upon the throbbing blue which had softened much within the hour, with a bronze gleam of sheathing, as she heeled over ere her canvas broke shivering in the eye of the wind, that wonderfully heightened the beauty of the long, low, black, most shapely hull, and the bland and elegant fabric of bright spar and radiant cloths shining white yet through the faint claret tinge in the atmosphere. Wilfrid came slowly aft, constantly looking at her as he walked. Under reduced canvas we swept down leisurely, sliding lightly upon the run of the surge that was now on the beam. I examined her carefully through the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my side asking questions. "Is she the Shark,?" " She may be. But such of her crew as I make out don't look to me to be English." " Can you distinguish any women on board ?" " " Nothing approaching a woman. They mean to board us. They have a fine boat of a whaling pattern hanging to leeward, and there are sailors preparing to lower her. They are not Englishmen, I swear. I see a large fat man delivering orders apparently with sluggish gesticulations, which strilke me as distinctly Dutch. How about her figure-head ?" 1 continued, and I brought the glass to bear on the bows of the schooner. "Ha ! " I cried, and looked round. Wilfrid was watching the schooner right aft, where he had stood during the greater part of the chase, his arms folded as be fore, the same iron-hard expression on his countenance. I called to lim. "What is the figure-head of the Shark?" He started, and answered, "I don't know. Ask Firm," and so saying walked towards us. The skipper was giving some instruc tions to Crimp on the other side of the deck. "Captain Finn," I called, . "Sir." "What's the Shark's figure-head? " "A gold ball in a cup shaped like a lily, your honour." "Then, Wilfrid," I cried, shoving the glass into hIris hands, "your pursuit miust carry you further afield yet, for that craft's figure-head is a white effigy, appa rently a woman's head." His manner to the sudden, desperate surging of the disappointment in himi fell in a breath into the old form of the crazi ness of his moods of excitement. He looked through tihe glass, and then roared out-- "Finn." The skipper came bundling over to us. "That vessel is not the Shark." "I've been afeared not, sir, I've been afeared not," said Finn. "Like as two eggs end on; but now she's drawed out -'tain't only the figure-head. She lhan't got the Siarsk's length of bowsprit." . Wilfrid dashed the telescope down on to the deck. "A fool's chase i " he ex. claimed, scarcely intelligible for thie way ,Ie spoke with hiis teeth set. " Heavenly God, what a disappointment I But it should have been Monday, it should have been Monday," and his gaze went into a scowling, wandering way from us to the schooner. "I suppose you know," said I to Finn, "that they're standing by to lower a boat when we shall have come to a stand ?" "Ay, sir, I know it," exclaimed Finn, who had picked up his telescope and was feeling over it in a nervous, broken-down manner as though he feared it was injured, but durst not look to make sure while Wilfrid stood nigh. " I shall heave to to looard for their convenience," and with that lie walked aft to the wheel. Wilfrid looked crushed with something absolutely lifeless in the dull leaden blank of his eyes. It was perhaps fortunate for us, if not for him, that this sudden prodigious blow of disappointment should have completed the sense of physical and mental exhaustion which inevitably atten dcd the war of emotions that had been going on all day ilslhis weak mind, other wise heaven alone knlows what miserable and painful display might have followed this failure of his expectations. I was much affected by his manner, and en deavoured to console him, butlie motioned me to silence with a gesture of the hand, and seated himself on the skylight, where lie remained with his arms folded and s his eyes fixed on the deck, apparently heeding nothing that passed around him. "He'll rally after a little," said I to Miss Laura, who furtively watched him with eyes sad with the shadow of tears. " It ought to have been the Shark, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed in a low voice. "My cowardly heart all day has been praying otherwise; and now I would give ten years of niy life that my sister were there-for his sake, for mine, and for yours too, that this wretched voyage of expectation and mistakes and superstitions -ohl, and I do not know what else," she added with a little toss of her arms like a wringing of her hands, " might come to an end." The sailors forward were eyeing the vessel steadily as we approached her. By this time all hands were aware of the blunder that had been made, and one seemed to see a kind of suspenee in the posture of the fellows, with a half grin in it, too, as though 'twas an incident to be as much laughed at as wondered at. The breeze continued to slacken, the seas were momentarily losing weight as they rolled, the gushing of the western crimson floated in the air like a delicate red smoke, with a heap of flame-coloured clouds resting broodingly upon the southern confines and the new moon over the sun, a wonder for the bright sharimess of its curve in such a hectic as she stood in. We ran down, and hove to within easy hailing distance to leeward of the schooner, but it was plain tlhatMynheer had no notion of talking to us from over his rail. His fine large boat hung manned at the davits as we rounded to, with a gang of fellows at either fall, and no sooner was our way arrested than down slowly sank the six oared fabric. The oars sparkled in the red light, and away she came for us. "Charles," called my cousin from the skylight. I went to him. "I'm too ill to be worried," said lie ; "represent me, dear boy, will you ? Get us out of this mess as best you can, and as quickly." He spoke faintly, and slightly staggered after he hal risen. Miss Jennings, seeing this, took his arm, and together they went below. I stood at the gangway along withll friend Finn. Twas a ludicrous position to be in, and what excuses to make I knew not, unless it was to come to my explaining the full motive and meaning of our ex pedition- a sort of candour I did noetlike the idea of. In the stern-sheets of the approaching boat was the large fat man lihad previously taken notice of in the schooner s quarter-deck. His face was as round as the moon, with a smudge of bristly yellow moustache under a bottle shaped nose; his person was the com pletest pudding of a figure that can be imagined, as though, forsooth, a huge suit of clothes had been filled out with suet. He woie a blue cap with a shovel-shaped peak, and a piece of gold lace on it going from one brass button to the other. "That's not Fidler," said I to Finn. "Fidler " lihe ejaculated, staring with all his might at the boat, "there's twenty Fidlers in that man, your honour. Why, Fidler's a mere rib, lean enough to shelter himself under the lee of a ropcyarn." The boat came fizzing alongside hand somely, and the fat man, watching his opportunity, planted Ilimself upon the steps and rose like a whale to our deck, upon which lie stepped. In a very phlegmatic, leisurely way lie stood star ing around him for a little out of a pair of small, greenish, expressionless eyes, and with a countenance that discovered no signs of any sort of emotion; then in the deepest voice I ever heard in a man, a tone that literally vibrated upon the ear like the low note of a chuirch organ, he said in Dutch, "Who speaks my languago ? " I knew a few sentences in German, enough to enable me to understand his question, but by no means enough to converse with, even if the man spoke that tongue, so I said bluntly in English, "No one, sir." He wheezed a bit, looking stolidly at me, and exclaimed, "You are Captain ?" I motioned to Film. "' Vy you vire ot me ?" hlie demanded, turning his fat, emotionless face upon the skipper. Finn touched his cap. "HeartilysorTy, sir : 'twas all a blunder happening through our mistaking you for another craft. I'm very willing to 'pologise and do whatever's right." The Dutchman listened apathetically, then slowly bringing his fist of the shape, if not the hue, of a leg of beef to his vast spread of breast, he exclaimed in a voice even deeper than hIis former utterance, "Vot li ask is, vy you vire ot me? " Finn substantially repeated his former apology. The Dutchman gazed at him dully, with an expression of glassiness coming into hIis eyes. "Vot schip dis ?" Finn answered with alacrity, "The echooner-yacht, sBride, sir." "Zhe vihgt vorr herr nation ?" sending a lethargic glance at our masthead as if in search of a pelmant. "No, sir," cried Finn, "we're a pleasure vessel." "Der is nio var," exclaimed the Dutch man, shaking his head, "between uine coundry asd yours." " Ho no, sir," exclaimed Finn. "Den I ask," said the Dutchman in a voice like a trombone, " vy you vire ot use I " This promised no end. I hastily whis pered to Finn, "Leave him to mie. Turn to quietly and trim sail and get way upon tIle vessel. He'll take no other hint, I fear." Finn sneaked off. " Pardon me, sir," said I, "you'll have heard from the captain that our firing at you was a blun der into which we were led by mistaking your ship. We desire to tender you our hsumble apology, which I trust you will see your way to accept without delay as we are very desirous of proceeding on our voyage." He looked at me with a motionless head and a face as vacant of human intelligence as a cloud, with its fat, its paleness, its Alp upon Alp of chin, then ponderously and slowly putting his hand into his breast lie pulled out a great pocket-book and said, " Vot dis schip's name ? " " The Bridesmaid," said I. He wrote down the word, wheezing laboriously. " Your captain name ? " "Fidler," I answered. This lie entered. "Owner?" " Colonel Hope-Kennedy." " Ow you slhpell ? " I dictated, and lie put down the letters as I delivered them. " Vlere you vrom ?" "Limerick," I answered. "Ow you splhell " He got the word, and then said, " Vre you boun' ?" "'To the Solomon Group," I answered. This I had to spell for lhim too. He wrote with such imperturbability, with such a ponderosity of phlegmatic manner in his p6sture, with such whale-like asth matic wheezings broken only by the trem bling notes of his deep, deep voice, that again and again I was nearly exploding with laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody's eye but his I must certainly have whipped out with the merriment that was almost suffocating me. He slowly returned the note-book to his pocket and exclaimed "Goot. You hear more of dis," and with thMit walked to the gangway. "Pray forgive me," said I, following hiun and speaking very courteously, "will you kindly tell me the name of your ship ?" He regarded me with a kind of scowl as lie hung an instant in the gangway-thie only expression approaching inltelligence that entered his face, and said, "Mallcina." "Aind pray where areyou bound to, sir'?" " Curagoa." " Are you the owner, sir ?" " Captain," he responded with an em phatic nod, and so saying lie put his foot on the ladder and entered his boat. Five minutes later we were breaking the seas afresh, iuaking a more southerly course than was needful by two points, that we might give as wide a berth as soon as possible to the Dutch schooner, that, at the time I went below to the sumnmons of the dinner-bell, was sliding away west south-west a league distant under every cloth that slohe had to hoist. CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. This was an incident to give one a deal to think and talc about. Certainly little imiaginable cot'- be stranger than that we, being in bchase of a fore-and-aft sbhooner yacht, should fall in with a vessel so resembling the object of our pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who professed to know the Shark well. I should have been glad to ask the Dutch man about his craft, yet it was a matter of no moment whatever. The thing had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an end. Likely enough she was an English vessel purchased fqr some opulent trader in the is and of Curavoa, and on her way to that possession in charge of the porpoise who had honoured us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been fretting over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady Monson out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helmhn for us and home again. Wilfrid bore the blow better than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which lie had the excuse of Ihaving fasted since breakfast, asnd broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of gloomy resentment with which lie had arrived from his cabin on smiy describing the Dutchman, and repeating his questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of tholught that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluent sgaisn, loose, draining here anid there like water on the decks of a rolling ship and though he spoke with vehement bit terness of his disappointment, and with indignation and rage even of Fims's igno rance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, lie dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, lis talk was just an aimless stride front one thingto another. If lie recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was as if by more chance; and, though the subject would blacken his mood, in a very short while lie had passed on to other matters with a cleared face. Miss Laura afterwards said to ume that the strain of the day had been too great for him, and that when the. tension was relaxed the strings of the instrument of his mind dropped into slack fibres, out of which his reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, I could have wished it thus for every body's sake. Better as it was than that he should have shrunk away scowling and hugging a dark mantle of madness to him, and exaggerated the abominably uncom fortable behaviour I had witnessed in hlim all day. He arrived on deck after dinner to smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with Miss Jennings-for it was a quiet night after the stormny blowing of the day, with a tropic tendensess of temperature in the sweet gushing of the southerly wind, the curl of moon gone, and the large stars tremnbling through the filn of their own radiance like dewdrops in gossamer-I could hear my cousin chatting briskly near the wheel with Finn with intonations of voice that curiously proclaimed the vari ableness of hIis moods to the ear, some times speaking with heat, sometimes in a note of sullen expostulation, sometimes surprising the attention with a loud ha, ha ! that came floating back again to the deck in echoes out of the silent canvas, whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumnbled a runsingcommentaryas the baronet talked. "What do you think of this clase now ?" said I to Miss Laura. "I wish it were over," she answered. "I want to see my sister rescued from the wretch she has run away with, Mr. MIon son, but this sort of approaching her re covery is dreadful." "It is worse than dreadful," said I; "it is tedious with the threat of a neat little tragical complication by-and-bye-any day indeed-if Wilfrid doesn't stow that gun in his hold or heave it overboard. The Dutchman might very well have answered our shot had he mounted a piece or two or driven alongside and plied us, as they used to say, with small anrms. Now one isn't here for that sort of thing, Miss Jennings." "No. Is there no way of losing the canllnon '?" I laughed. "If Wilfrid will reserve his fire until he is sure of the Shaur- instead of blazing away at thie first craft that resem bles her, the weapon might yet prove something to usefully serve his turn ; for I doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel from cracking on when he catches sight of us, short of iron messages from the fore castle there. But we shall not meet with the Shark this side the Cape, if there." " I fear it will prove a long voyage," said she, with the sparkle of the starlight in her eyes. " You will be glad to return ?" "Not without my sister." " But shall you be willing, Miss Jen nings, supposing usto arrive at Cape Town without falling in with the Shark, to per severe in this very singularand unpronis ing sea quest ? " "I will remain with Wilflid certainly," she answered quietly. "My duty is to help him in this search, and where he goes I shall go." " But lie will be acting cruelly to carry you on from the Cape unless able to cer tainly tell where to find the fugitives, fixing the date too for that matter." "I see you will leave us at the Cape, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed with an accent that could only come from the movement of the lips in a smile. " Not unless I prevail upon you to ac company me home," said I. She shook her head lightly, but made no answer. Perhaps it was her silence that rendered me sensible of the unpre meditated significance of my speech. " Well," said I lighting a second cigar, " whilst you feel it your duty to stick to my cousin I shall feel it mine to stick to you. Not likely I should leave you alone with him. No." At that instant the harsh, surly voice of old Jacob Crimp hailed the skipper, who still stood aft talking witlh Wilfrid. All was in darkness forward ; it was hard upon two bells; the canvas rose as elusive to the eye in its wanness as a diii light in windy gloom far out to sea, and the shadow of it plunged a dye as opaque as Sblindness into the obscurity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the stars were sliding up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall 6f the close-hauled yacht upon the in visible folds brimming to her port bow. " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious voice-plaintive as the notes of a knifo upon a revolving grindstone-from the heart of the murkiness somewhere near the galley. "Hallo ! " answered Finn. "Can I speak a word with ye ?" "Who is it wants me ? " "The mate." "Tell him to come aft," Wilfrid bawled out. "If there's anything wrong I must know it. Step aft, Crimp, step aft, d'ye .hear?" lie cried. Old Jacob's stunted figure came out of the darkness and walked along to where Finn stood. " What is the matter, I wonder ?" said Miss Laura. I cocked my ear, for there is soniething. in a hail of this sort at sea on a dark night to put an alertness into one's instincts and nerves. Besides, there was no sounder snorer on board than old Jacob, and his merely coming up on deck during his watch below, though lie should have stood mute as a ghost, was somiething to raise a little uneasy sense of expectation. His voice rumbled, but I could not hear what he said. Wilfrid shouted " IWhat d'ye say ?" with an expression of astonishment and incredulity. Finn laughed in a sneer ing way, whilst old Jacob again rumbled out with some sentence. Then my cousin bawled out " Charles, Charles, come here will you ?" " What the deuce is the matter now ?" said I, and Miss Laura followed me as I went over to tile group. " Here'sa nice pickle we're in, Charles," cried Wilfrid. " What think you ? Crimp swears the yacht's haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. " Pity your mother didn't sell vinegar, Jacob, that you might have stayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. " Haunted ! That may do for the marines, but you won't get the sailors to believe it." "That's just what they do then," re marked Crimp. "All the watch below have heard it and can't sleep in colse quence." "Heard what?" Iasked. "The woice," answered Jacob, "the same as you and me heard 'tother night." "Have iyou heard a voice, Charles?" exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a deep breath. "A mere fancy," said I. " Ye didn't like it anyhow," said Crimp gruffly as though speaking aside. "For God's sake tell me about this voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane; with the twitching of his figure and the shifting of his weight from one leg to anotler. I related the incident, making light of it, and tried to persuade him that the mere circumstance of my having said nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of tie hearing. "Did you know of this, Laura ?" said Wilfrid. " As a joke only," she answered. "A joke," cried lhe, breathing deep again. "The voice sounded off the sea, hey ? and two of you heard it ? What did it say ?" and I could see him by the star light looking towards the starboard quar ter in the direction whence tile syllables had floated to us. "What did it say?" he repeated. " Wh\\\y, that this here yachtwas cussed," rattled out Jacob defiantly, " and dum me if I don't think site e now that the bloom ing corpse belonging to the wreck is a jawing and a-tlhreatening of all hands down in the forcpeak." " What is this man talking about ?" I exclaimed, believing that lie must either be drunk or cracked. " He's come aft to tell us, Mr. Monson," answered Finn, " that he and others of the watch below have been disturbed by a woice in thle hold saying that there's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away home and end this woyage which, saving tlhe lady's presence, it calls blarsted non sensie." I observed old Jacob's head vigorously nodding. " Yo'/re heard the voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting in short, agitated strides to and fro beside us. " Mr. Monson heard it twice," growled Jacob, " off the wreck as well as off the quarter." " Speak when you're spoken to," cried Finn. " Why, spit me, Mr. Monson, if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother as has signed on instead of Crimp himself." "Look here," said Crimp, "let them what disbelieves step forrards and listen themselves." " Charles, inquire into this matter witlh Finn, will you?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "I-I-" lihe stopped and passed hlis hand through Miss Jennings' arm, ismmediately afterwards saying with a short, nervous laugh, " the sound of a supenatural voice would cost me a night's rest." " Come along, Finn," said . " Come along, Crimp. If there be u glsost, as our friend here says, he must promptly be laid by the heels and despatched to the Red Sea." " What did'ee want to go and tell Sir Wilfrid about that woice you and Mr. Monson heard 'tother night " grumbled Finn, as we moved forwards into the dark ness towards the forehatch. "Cause its true," answered Crimp in his sullenest manner. "'Sides it's time to end this here galliwanting ramble, seems to me, if we're going to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn made no answer. We arrived at the forehatch and descended. The Brile's forecastle was a large one for a vessel of her size. On either hand abaft was a small cabin partially bulkheaded off from the sailors' sleeping-room, respectively occupied by Jacob Crimp and Cutbill. Whether the mate ate with the captain, whose berth was just forward of the one that had been occupied by Muffin, with access by means of a sliding door to a small living room through whiclh le could pass into the forecastle, I cannot say. It was a rough scene to light upon after the elegance, glitter, and rich dyes of the fit tings of our quarters aft, but the more picturesque for that quality as I found it now, at least on viewing the homely and coarse interior by the light of a small oil lamp of the shape of a block-tin coffee-pot with a greasy sort of flame coming out of the spout, and burning darkly into a cork screw of smoke that wound ]lot and ill flavoured to the upper deck. There were bunks for tie seamen and two or three hammocks slung right forward ; suits of oilskins hung by nails against the stan tions, and swung to the motion of the vessel like the bodies of suicides swayed by the wind. Tie deck was encumbered by sea-chests cleated or otherwise secured. Here and there glimmering ltrough tih twilight in a bunk I took notice of a little framed picture, a pipe rack, witl other odds and ends, trilling homo memorials, and the artless conveniences with which poor Jack equips himself. There were seamen lying in their beds, a vision of leathery noses forking up out of a hedge of whisker, with bright wide-awake eyes that made one think of glow-worms in a bird's nest ; other equally hairy- faced figures in drawers and with naked feet, ihuge bare arms dark witl mioss and prick ings in ink, sat with their legs over the edge of their bunks. It was with difficulty that I controlled my gravity when on casting a hurried glance round the fore castle on entering it my gaze lighted on the visage of Mutfin, whose yellowness in the dull lamplight showed with the spec tral hue of ashes. His bunk was well forward ; his bare legs hung from the edge like a couple of broomsticks ; his hands were clasped; his head slightly on one side; his posture one of alarm, amid which, however, there still lurked a native quality of valet-like sleekness with a sug gestion of a respectful apology for feeling nervous. Sweet as the Bride was, no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other craft of those times, the odour of this interior, improved as it was by the flaring snuff of the lamp, not to mention a decidedly warm night, was by no means of tle most delicious. Added to this was the lift and fall of the yacht's bows which one felt here so strongly, that, coming fresh from the tender hearings of the after deck, you would have imagined a lively lesead sea ad sprung up on a sudden. That Muffin should have stood it astonished me. Sleeping as lie did, right in the "eyes," he got the very full of tie motion. Besides, such an atmosphere as this must needs prove the severer as a Iardship after the luminous and flower-sweetened air of the cabin. Finn took a leisurely survey of the occupants of the bunks. ' Well, lads " said lie, "what's the meaning of this here talk about a woice ? Mr. Crimp's just come aft to tell me there's somewhat a-speaking under foot here." "That's right, sir," remarked Cutbill, who stood bolt upright like a sentryin the entrance to his little berth. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Monson, sir, but it's nigh hand tle same sort o' speech as hailed us from the wreck." "'Tis the same!" said a deep voice from one of tie bunks. " Rats ! " quoth Finn, contemptuously. "Never yet met witl the rat as could damn a man's eyes in English," grunted Crimp. "Nor in any other lingo, Mr. Crimp, said a singular looking seaman, wlose face I had before taken notice of as resembling the skin of an over-ripe lemon. He lay on the small of his back blinking at us, and his countenance in that light, that was rendered confusing by the sliding of shadows to the swing of the yacht, made one think of a melon half buried in a blanket. "Well, but see here, my lads," ex claimed Finn, in a voice of expostulation, "what did this here woice say ? That's what I want to know. What did it say, men " "I told 'ee," growled Crimp. But old Jacob's interpretation did not tally with that of tie others. The sailors were generally agreed that the voice had exclaimed in ellect that the yacht was cursed, and that their business was to make haste and sail her home ; but some had apparently heard more than otihrs, whilst a few again manifestly embellisied, with a notion, perhaps, of making the most of it; but there could be no questions whatever that human syllables, very plainly articulated, had sounded from out of tihlshold ;" all hands were agreed as to that, and proof conclusive as to the sin cerity of the men night have been found . in the looks of them, one and all.. "Silence, now !" cried Finn, "let's listen." We all strained our ears. Nothing broke the silence but the sulky wash of ' the sea outside, seething dully, the half stifled respirations of the sailors, wlio found it difflicult to control their hurricane lungs, and the famsiliar creaking noises breaking out in various parts of the fabric to her swayings. Impressed as 1 was by the -agreement amongst thie men-and I had come besides to this forecastle with the menmory very fresh in me of the mysterious voices I had before heard-I could scarcely lsold my face as I stood listening, witlh my eye glancing from one hairy countenance to another. The variety of the Jacks' postures, the knowing cock of a head here and there, tihe un winking stare, the strained Iarkening attitude, tise illustration of superstitious emotions by exprcssions wlhich were rendered grotesque by thie swing of the lamp, tie half - suffocated looks of some of tihe fellows whrlo were trying to draw their breaths softly, formed-a picture to appeal irresistibly to one's senst of the ridiculous. Throe minutes passed; it might have been hours, so long thie time seemed. " Seems it's done jawing, whatever it is," said Finn. We listened again. "Tell 'ee it's rats, lads," said Finn. "As the cuss was meant for this 'ere craft," exclaimed the deep voice that Ihad before spoken, "perlmps if her owner was to come below, the sperrit, if so be it's that, 'ud tarn to and talk out again." " Tell 'ee, its rats !" cried Finn, scorn fully. " Rats ! " exclaimed Crimp, with great irritation, "if tlhat's all, why don't Sir Wilfrid lay forrard and listen for hisself1" "Won't heo come?" said one of the men. "Come! no," rattled out Crimp, "and why 7 'Cause he knows it's the truth." . " Well," exclaimed Cutbill," speaking with all proper respect, seems to me that what's meat for tlhe dawg ought to be meat for the man in the likes of such a liumble-come-tumble out of tile main top into the main-hold sort o' job as this." There was now some grumbling. Crimp ,l):id enabled the mren to guess that Wilfrid -as afraid to enter tlse forecastle, and isundr-y sareasms, Iwith a mutinous touch i. themin, passed from lhiink to bunk. " Avast !" roared Finn i "listen if he'll bleak nw" . . But no soand resembling a human syl lable entered the stillness. "It's rats, I tell 'ee," shouted the skipper, making to o on deck. " Come along, Mr. Monson. Blamed now if I believe that facrb is the only grandmother as has signedarticles for this here woyage, But as I followed him the exclamations I caughsbdetermined me qn advising Wil frid to come forward.. He had left Miss Jennings standing alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly here and there with an irritability of gesture that was a sure symptom in him of a troubled and active imagination. On catching sight of me as I emerged out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the yacht, lie cried out eagerly, "Well, what have you heard? Is it a voice, Charles ?" " There is nothing to hear," I answered. "Finn disrespectfully calls it rats." "What else, your honour 1 " exclaimed Fimnn, " tle squeaking of rats ain't unlike a sort o' language. Put tle noise they make along with the straining of bulk heads and the like of such sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ignorant sailors, and I allow ye 11 get what might be tanned a supernatural woice." Wilfrid burst into one of his great laughs, but immediately after said in a grave and hollow tone, "But you, Charles, have before heard something preterna tural in the shape of a hail off yonder quarter, and from the dead man you found on the wreck." "' Fancy, ere fancy,"I said. "Gracious mercy ! am I making this voyage to carry home with me a belief in ghosts ? But I wish you'd go into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy : there's nothing to be heard. A visit from you will pacify the men. They hold that you admit the truth of what they allege by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. Their temper is not of the sweetest. They should be soothed, I think, when it is to be so easily done." He hung in the wind and said in a hesitating way, "What do you think, Finn?" " Well, Sir Wilfrid, since, as Mr. BIon son says, there's nothen to hear and nothen therefore to cause ye any agitation, I doni't doubt that a wisit from you would please the sailors and calm down their minds. I'm bound to say they're oneasy,-yes, I'm bound to say that." "Come, then," cried my cousin, and he strided impetuously into the darkness, followed by the skipper. I gave Miss Laura my arm and we started on a little walk. The awning wias furled and the dew everywhere sparkled like hoar frost. Tle quiet night wind sighed in the rigging, and the yacht, a point or two off her course, and every sheet flat aft, softly broke through the black quiet waters with dull puffs of phosphor at times sneaking by like the eyes of secret shapes risen close to the surface to survey us. The sheen of the binnacle light touched a portion of the figure of the fellow at the wheel, and threw him and a segment of the circle whose spokes lie held, out upon the clear, fine, spangled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the impression left on the retina by an object when the eyelid is closed upon it. My fair companion and I talked of the incidents of the day. One thing was following another rapidly, I said. 'Twas like a magic-lantern show ; scarcely had one picture faded out when something fresh was brightening in its room. " What manner of sound could it be," she asked, "that the sailors have inter preted into cursings and dreadful warnings ?" "It was no fancy on my part anyway," said I, " let me put walt face I will on it to Wilfrid. If what the men profess to hear be half as distinct as what I heard, there must be some kind of sorcery at work, I'll swear." (To be continued.) 